Wytchcraft
Copyright 2014 by Shauna Granger
Smashwords Edition


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission from the author.

Published by Shauna Granger
Copyright © 2014 by Shauna Granger
Cover art by Shauna Granger

For my mom, Cheryl,
who gave me my first Urban Fantasy novel.


Table of Contents
Dedication
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Acknowledgements
About the Author

Chapter 1
 The cupboards were practically bare. My stores were dangerously low and I was completely out of the vervain I was searching for. I’d have to go visit Ronnie soon, but my tab was getting a little out of hand, and I didn’t like the idea of adding to it. Closing the cupboard, I decided against starting the potion. If I didn’t do it right, it would blow up in my face. Literally. And I just waxed my eyebrows.
 “Gonna have to find work soon, Artie.” I reached to scratch my black, smush-faced cat behind the ears as he purred on the kitchen table. “We’ll both be eating canned tuna if I’m not careful.” Artemis rolled on his back, four black paws stretching in opposite directions before he became boneless.
Reaching for the fridge door, I bent over to poke through leftover take-out containers. Just as I grabbed a cold eggroll, someone banged on my front door. A glance at the clock told me it was well after midnight. It wasn’t odd for someone to come by at that time of night, but I wasn’t expecting anyone. Biting off a hunk of eggroll, I nudged the fridge closed with my hip, grabbing my baseball bat on my way to the door. Sure, I could hex whoever it was or use my knockout powder, but if it was a friend, they wouldn’t thank me for it in the morning. At least the bat was threatening enough to give someone pause and me a second to react.
I blew my bangs out of my eyes and rose up on my toes to check the peephole just as my impatient caller banged again. Why did they have to put peepholes so high? Five foot three wasn’t that short, but trying to look out my front door made me feel like a child. I couldn’t see his face, but I saw the curly tuft of light red hair. I drew in a deep breath and caught a whiff of alcohol and sour garbage. Through the door, I heard the distinct sound of a nose being blown. I prayed he had a handkerchief, but I doubted it.
“What do you want, troll?” I demanded through the closed door. Hefting my bat in one hand, I munched the last bite of eggroll.
“Whot? Through the door now?” he whined.
“Why should I let you in?” I asked around the mouthful.
“I’ll pay!”
“For what?” I opened the door as far as the security chain would allow.
“For work,” he pressed. I did not like working for trolls, even half trolls. Artemis mrrowed loudly, reminding me of the thought of sharing food with him. Sighing, I pressed my forehead to the doorframe, feeling my resolve to shut the door in his face slipping away. After all, I had known Jimmy for a few years. Every once in a while, he got a get-rich-quick-scheme into his head and came looking for a spell or a charm to help him. Unsurprisingly, his plans usually backfired, but work was so slow lately, I didn’t really have the luxury of turning down his money.
“For the love of frogs,” I cursed. “Fine!” I slammed the door to release the chain but kept the bat in hand and stormed back into my living room, not waiting to see if he’d follow.
“Thanks, Mattie,” he breathed, shutting the door behind him.
“Matilda,” I corrected, “only my friends call me Mattie.” Sitting on the couch, I tucked my feet under me, leaving him the uncomfortable, straight-backed chair. “What do you want?”
“I need to catch a fairy,” he said. He sat on the edge of the chair, knee bouncing, and clutched a worn, porkpie hat in his knobby fingers. The tuft of hair on top of his head didn’t hide his batwing-like ears. He might’ve passed for any other fae – maybe even human – if it weren’t for those ears.
“You’re serious?” I blinked at him.
“Yeah, whot of it?”
“Well, it’s dangerous for one thing. And I do mean fatal.” I paused to lick oil from my fingers, watching his reaction. He seemed excited at my warning, maybe because I hadn’t dismissed him. “And it’s expensive.”
“I have money,” he rushed, jamming a hand in his pocket, pulling out a pouch. He pulled the thing open and spilled a small mound of jewels on my coffee table. They gleamed ruby red, emerald green, and sapphire blue.
“That’s a start,” I said, keeping my face schooled, picking at the chipped blue polish on my nails.
“Fine!” He threw a wad of human currency on the table. I didn’t want to need his money, but rent was up last week, and I didn’t have enough in my bank account to cover the check.
“What are you gonna do with the fairy once you’ve got it?”
“Never you mind!” he growled, finding some confidence.
“Well if that’s how you want it, then no,” I said firmly, waving at the door.
“Whot?” His jaw dropped.
“Look, I don’t aid and abet criminals. If I don’t know what you’re going to do with it, I won’t help you.” I crossed my arms over my chest and waited.
“Money,” he said.
“What?”
“I want money!”
“You have money!” I waved at the pile on my table.
“Phsst,” he shook his head, “that’s nothing compared to whot a fairy can give me.” He was practically drooling. He was an idiot if he thought he could get a fortune out of a fairy, but if that’s all he wanted, then I could at least sleep at night. I’d never understood the obsession trolls had with money. Ever since they lost their dominion over the bridges of the world, their greed had grown exponentially.
I stared at Jimmy. We were the same age and grew up not too far apart from each other, but we’d taken decidedly different paths. My parents had died when I was sixteen, leaving me on my own with very little money, forcing me to figure out how to survive. Luckily, Ronnie’s parents took me in until I was on my feet. I was out of their house by eighteen, starting my own business of spells and charms for hire. My mother was an accomplished witch, and luckily, she’d spent the majority of my life in the kitchen, teaching me how to spell and cast until I could brew anything in my sleep. Money wasn’t always flush, but I managed. Jimmy didn’t really manage.
Jimmy was crafty enough, sneaky enough, and even smart enough if he tried, but he was an outcast who had to fend for himself, and he didn’t do it well. His father was a troll, and they weren’t known for their parenting awards. His mother was a human who was more than a little embarrassed of her lifetime reminder of a summer fling she’d had with a creepy bridge-dweller. So the humans didn’t want him, and the trolls wouldn’t even acknowledge him. Damn, I actually felt bad for the kid.
“All right, fine,” I sighed, climbing to my feet, leaving my bat on the floor. “But you don’t catch a fairy, you know.”
“How’s that?”
“You steal their token.” I walked into the kitchen and pulled out a wooden disk, some oil, and herbs. I was careful to make sure he couldn’t see what I added to my grandmother’s mortar. I ground the mixture with the warm pestle and applied it to the wooden disk. The grain stained a darker color. I whispered a spell over the talisman so he couldn’t catch the words. It was all done in less than five minutes. I stared down at the disk, feeling a little anticlimactic.
“That’s it?” he asked skeptically, taking the talisman. I saw him glance at the pile of jewels and cash on the table. Magic wasn’t all sparks and bangs and smoke; sometimes it was just quiet power that people other than witches didn’t understand.
“You still have to find the field where their token is. This will lead you to it – the token, not the field. Once you have it, it has to answer your call and grant you one wish,” I said as I moved over to the table, sweeping the jewels toward me and gathering up the paper bills before he could snatch any of it back. It wasn’t my fault he’d offered it all before he knew how quick the charm would be.
“Whot’s the token?”
“A four-leaf clover.”
“Whot’s so hard about finding that?” he asked, making me laugh as I crammed the bills into the back pocket of my jeans.
“They’ll have hidden it in a field of clover.” I walked back into the kitchen, the jewels balanced precariously in my cupped hands. Dumping them on the counter, I opened a drawer and fished out a black pouch from the stash I kept for charms for my customers.
“So?” Jimmy pressed, having followed me into the kitchen.
“For every ten thousand three-leaf clovers, there’s one four-leaf clover.” I dropped the jewels into the pouch, pulling the drawstrings closed.
“You’re joking!” His mouth hung open showing me his yellowing teeth. I crinkled my nose, pulling my eyes away.
“That’ll find it.” I nodded at the disk in his hand. “Once you get your wish, you have to give the token back though. Otherwise, you risk the wrath of the Sidhe.” I saw the flicker of fear cross his face before he clutched the disk to his chest, turned, and was out the door with a slam.
I shook my head as I pulled the money that would see me through the next couple of months out of my pocket.
“Careful what you wish for, troll,” I sang. I thumbed through the wad of cash, straightening out the bills until they were all going the same direction. Once I counted out how much was there, I blinked in surprise. Looking up at the waiting yellow eyes of my cat, I said, “Wow, Artie, it looks like we have enough to pay rent, buy groceries, pay off my tab with Ronnie, and might have a nickel or two left over.”
“Mrrrow,” Artemis replied as he meandered out of the kitchen and into the living room.
“Yes, and some fresh cream,” I said, scratching him under the chin when he jumped up onto the table. He batted at a ruby I missed. I snatched it away before he could knock it off the table and lose it forever under the couch. Artemis waved a paw at me, trying to get his gem back, as I picked up the pouch with the others. I shoved the wad of cash into my purse on my way into the bedroom to hide the precious stones. I kept one dark emerald out for Ronnie. She’d been letting me drag out my tab for over two months; it would be a nice little thank you.
I grabbed my coat and scarf, shrugging them on before grabbing my purse and smiling at the folded bills tucked inside. I dropped Ronnie’s emerald into the hidden zipper pocket so I wouldn’t lose it and left. I threw the usual locks on the door before setting a freezing charm on the keyhole. It was the middle of the night, and most of the human population was fast asleep, but the supernaturals were all wide-eyed and bushytailed, and the metal locks wouldn’t do anything to deter most of them and the iron lock was a hasp you could only lock and unlock from the inside. At least my freezing spell would slow them enough that they just might pass my door and move on to easier prey.
I hit the dimly lit lobby after a short and shaky elevator ride. The entire place smelled like powdery perfume, and my nose twitched, threatening a sneeze, as I walked over to the front counter. The werewolf landlady was thumbing through her copy of Vollmond Magazine.
“Heya, Frankie,” I said, plopping my purse on the counter that came up just past my chest.
“Mattie,” she said, her steely eyes never leaving the glossy pages. Her trendy, spikey hair was blue this week. I caught sight of my reflection in the glass display behind the counter and quickly smoothed out my own black hair, tucking the short ends behind my ears. I wasn’t as brave with my hair as Frankie, but I could see my purple highlights had washed out almost completely and were in desperate need of a touch up.
“You’re two days late on rent.” Frankie was a little curt, but having a Were family managing your apartment building was pretty nice. They were a built-in security system. Their thicker skin kept them immune from most magics, and their inhuman strength made them a formidable first line of defense against robbers. Hell, the human police had to come up with a whole new formula for their bullets since lead had no effect on them. However, lead did incapacitate the Fae, so the human police had to carry double now. As for witches? Our DNA was almost identical to humans, so anything fired out of the barrel of a gun would cut us down just as easily.
“Yeah,” I said, digging out the cash. “Sorry about that, but I got it covered now.”
“No checks.” She glanced sidelong at me, her pupils dilating, stealing the grey of her eyes. I swallowed, trying not to let my nerves show.
“Right,” I said, remembering what happened the last time my check bounced. I still needed to patch that hole in my kitchen wall. “I have cash.”
“Fifty dollar late fee.” Frankie was a woman of few words and finely manicured nails.
“Fifty! Are you serious?” I demanded, checking my voice a little late. Frankie closed her magazine, set it on the counter top, and turned her full attention to me. Not something I really wanted, to be honest with you. I suddenly felt two feet tall under the larger woman’s stare.
“Twenty five dollars each day it’s late,” she said slowly. “You’re two days late. Twenty five times two is what?”
“Fifty,” I said with a sigh, pulling out more cash and seeing my grocery list shrink in my mind as I handed over the money. Frankie took a moment to count it in front of me, being very deliberate as she laid out each bill, the tips of her nails clicking on the countertop. I shoved my hands into the pockets of my jacket, not wanting her to see the chipping blue polish. She went so far as to pull out one of those highlighter pens the human bank tellers used to check for counterfeit bills.
My stomach knotted up. It hadn’t occurred to me that Jimmy might’ve pulled a fast one and passed me fake notes. She marked each bill with a quick tick, each one showing the same yellowish-brown color. I didn’t know if that was a good or bad thing until Frankie gathered them up and shoved them under her collar and into her cleavage.
“See ya, Mattie,” she said, effectively dismissing me. I blew out the breath I had been holding and made my way to the door that led to the stairwell to the street. Ronnie’s shop was the ground floor of our building, but you had to go out to the street in order to get to it.
It was cold and wet outside after the first rain of the season. I smelled the salt on the sidewalk as I turned toward Ronnie’s door. I saw her through the window. She was just pulling down the shade and closing up for the rest of the night but hadn’t locked the front door yet. Her tiny silver bells jingled merrily, announcing my arrival as the door fell closed behind me.
“Hey, Mattie,” Ronnie greeted me with a smile, climbing out of the window display. Ronnie and I were only a few months apart in age, having come up through school together, but she had the ageless face of a child. I always wondered if she had a little pixie blood, but her long, curly, orange-red hair was too thick to ever belong to a pixie.
“Heya, Ron,” I said, returning her hug.
“I’m sorry, but I’m exhausted. I’m closing up early.” She started toward the back of the shop where the cash register was.
“No problem.” I followed her. Ronnie kept her shop well stocked with too many shelves that threatened to spill over if customers weren’t careful with their purses or elbows. “I really just wanted to settle up.”
“Oh?” Ronnie glanced at me over her shoulder, not in the least bit worried about walking into anything. I didn’t blame her skepticism. In the last couple of months, I’d only been making enough money to keep a roof over my head and enough food in my belly to keep from starving – and sometimes not even that much. If I hadn’t been her best friend, she wouldn’t have let me keep my tab open so long.
“Yes,” I said as we reached the counter. Once again I dug through my purse, pulling out money. Ronnie’s eyes went wide at the sight of the bills. I knew she didn’t actually believe I had enough to cover the whole tab.
“Where’d you get it?” she asked, taking the stack of bills. I smiled when she put it into the safe under the counter without counting it like Frankie had.
“Troll,” I said casually, digging into my purse for the emerald. Why is it, when you’re looking for something, every purse becomes bottomless?
“What’d you do? Rob him?” she asked, laughing lightly.
“No, no.” I felt the edge of the gem and closed my hand around it. “He wanted an expensive charm, and before I could give him a price, he started throwing money at me.”
“Stupid bridge dweller,” she said, shaking her head.
“He also gave me a handful of jewels, and I thought you might like this one.” I held up the rich green stone between my thumb and forefinger, enjoying Ronnie’s slaw-jawed reaction.
“Oh, no, Mattie, we’re square,” she said quickly, waving her hands at me.
“Ronnie, he gave me a whole pouch full, please.” I reached out, grabbed her hand, and put the stone into her palm, closing her fingers over it. “Besides, it matches your eyes.” She laughed at that, opening her palm and looking at the emerald. I could tell she wanted to argue about it some more, but she kept her mouth closed, finally clutching it to her chest.
“Thanks,” she said before tucking it away into a charm box. She tapped the box with her finger, locking it up tight.
“Thank you,” I said, swinging my purse strap back on my shoulder. “No one else would’ve let me keep a tab open as long as you did.”
“Eh.” She shrugged, pulling her purse out of its hiding place behind the counter. “I knew you were good for it.” Maybe she knew that, but I didn’t. It had been a lean couple of months. The only thing that kept me going was knowing Samhain was around the corner, and business was always much better around the holidays.
We walked to the front of the store. Ronnie locked the door with keys and a similar freezing spell before I helped her pull the metal grate down. She locked it to the ground, spelling it closed too.
“Wanna grab a bite?” she asked as she straightened up, tugging at the edge of her jean skirt, straightening it over her black tights.
“Yeah, actually,” I said, thinking about the lack of groceries in my apartment. It would be nice to have a hot meal before I tried to buy food. The gods only knew what I would end up bringing home if I went shopping that hungry.
Ronnie dropped her keys into her purse and slung it over her head so the strap went across her body, and we headed down the street. It was nearing one o’clock, but the street was still busy with people, mostly supernaturals, going about their nightly routines. It had been over seventy years since our races came out of hiding and started living openly with humans. World War II might have had an entirely different outcome if the Gremlins hadn’t started the Wave of Revelation with their uncanny metal working, developing new ammunition, planes, and helmets for the Allied Forces.
Sadly, despite our efforts to make the transition from myth to reality as painless as possible for the humans, trying to adopt their habits and traditions, we were all still living in a tenuous community. Many humans still didn’t trust us, and we were often scapegoats for crimes and tragedies. There were factions of human-run hate groups that targeted us on a regular basis until we started living in separate neighborhoods, like the one Ronnie and I lived and worked in. Our neighborhood, Havencrest, was an area we had carved out of West Hollywood, but most of West Hollywood was dominated by supernaturals now, even spilling over to the rest of Los Angeles. The fairies especially loved Southern California for the year-round sunshine. 
There were plenty of humans excited and eager for us to assimilate into the human community, hoping our magical powers and the beauty of some of our races would bring about a whole new race. So far, only some of the supernatural races could breed easily with humans, like witches and Weres – the races that share some of the same genetic code as humans. Jimmy was one of the rarer breeding occurrences. Unfortunately for Jimmy, their genetic gamble hadn’t worked out. He was short and narrow, whereas most trolls were very tall and broad. He kept the batwing ears and receding hair line, his face was mostly human, and his skin was a greenish gray. All in all, an unfortunate mix.
Witches had the easiest time blending in. Other than our propensity to sleep during the day and wake at night, we had no obvious traits that made us look anything other than human. My grandmother told me the natural inclination to sleep during the day was a left over habit from the Dark Ages and having to do all our spell work at night. It was just natural, unless you needed to perform Sun magic, which I rarely did. As a woman, I liked to work with Moon magic. I couldn’t imagine being forced to hide my true nature and work magic in secret. I mean, it was as a part of me as my liver or kidney. I just couldn’t live without it.
Ronnie and I made it to The Brownie’s Bite, the corner diner on our block, in a matter of minutes. The warm air rushed over us, scented with bacon and chocolate and making my mouth water. I waved to Fin, the Brownie woman behind the counter, as we seated ourselves in a booth by the window. Fin brought us a couple of menus and two Hobgoblin ales without being asked. She slipped away, giving us a chance to look over the choices.
Personally, I didn’t really need time; I was so excited to have a meal out of the house I had already decided what I wanted before we even made it inside. I tried not to bounce in my seat with impatience as Ronnie pursed her lips, trying to decide what she wanted.
“So, who was the troll? Someone we know?” Ronnie’s eyes went up and down the menu. I stared at her for a moment, not wanting to answer, because if we got caught up in a conversation, it would take her that much longer to choose her meal.
“Uh, yeah,” I said, pausing to take a sip of my beer. “It was Jimmy.”
“Oh, the half-troll,” she said, glancing up at me, and I nodded. 
“Dude,” I said, my rumbling stomach finally getting the best of me, “you know you’re just going to order the same thing you always do. Can we just get on with it?”
“Impatient much?” Ronnie shot back, one red brow arching.
“No, starving much.” I signaled Fin with two fingers.
“What’ll it be, ladies?” Fin asked, her dirt brown hands holding a ticket pad and pen. I looked at Ronnie, giving her a chance to order first.
“Grilled cheese with tomatoes and tomato soup, please.” Ronnie ordered her usual with a little eye roll for me.
“Double bacon cheese burger with a fried egg on top,” I ordered quickly.
“Fries?” Fin asked, her thin eyebrows arching.
“Oh yeah,” I said excitedly.
“That’s a lot of meat,” Ronnie said after Fin took our menus and headed for the kitchen.
“Yes, it is,” I agreed, reaching for my beer and picking at the label. I refused to join in the staring contest I felt Ronnie trying to start and stared resolutely at my bottle.
“Anyway,” she finally said, reaching for her own bottle and taking a sip, “what did Jimmy want that was so expensive?”
“A charm to catch a fairy.” I took another sip of the spicy ale, enjoying the feel of the bubbles bursting in my mouth.
“What?” Ronnie nearly spit out the sip she’d taken, making her cough violently. She pounded the table and blinked back the tears the carbonation caused.
“Yeah,” I said with a laugh. “That’s about how I felt about it.”
“Mattie, you didn’t.”
“What?” I shrugged. “It’s just a little charm. Even if he does find a token, you know whatever he asks for, the fairy will find a way to punish him with it.”
“Aren’t you worried it’ll come back to you?”
“Not really,” I said, pushing my bottle away. I didn’t want to drink too much on an empty stomach. “I mean, how could it? I didn’t do anything wrong. Jimmy’s the one wanting to catch one; he’ll be the one to pay the price.”
“I don’t know,” Ronnie said slowly. Before she could argue about it further, Fin was back with our plates, sliding them in front of us. I was aware of an excess of saliva in my mouth when the scent of bacon and red meat wafted up.
Ronnie picked up her spoon and dipped it into her soup, but she stopped short of her mouth when she saw me lift my burger with two hands, ketchup dripping between my fingers, and take a huge, unladylike bite. The yolk of the egg burst, adding a whole new creamy texture. I groaned in satisfaction.
“You know,” she said, one eyebrow arching again as she watched me, “over nine billion animals are killed every year for food.”
“Wow,” I said as I swallowed, earning another sneer from my best friend. “That is a lot.”
“The Hindus revere cows.”
“Me, too,” I said, taking another bite.
“They remind people to think about how many people a cow can feed with its milk instead of how few people it can feed with its meat,” she said before finally sipping her soup from the dripping spoon.
“That’s deep,” I said, wiping away the drip of ketchup and yolk from my chin. Ronnie rolled her eyes again and shook her head, but fortunately, she let the subject drop so I could enjoy my spot at the top of the food chain.
***
When we got to our apartment building, Ronnie broke away from me as I continued on to the corner food market. She lived one floor above me, but unlike me, she owned her apartment and didn’t have to worry about encountering Frankie. The corner market wasn’t a big store like the ones humans had in their neighborhoods, but it was brightly lit and warm inside. I had a field day buying whatever food my little heart desired, even treating myself to some imported Irish cheese and Dutch chocolates. 
Standing in front of the pastry display, I felt the prickling sensation on the back of my neck that told me someone was watching me. When I picked my head up and looked around, I didn’t see anyone nearby, let alone looking at me. I tried to shake off the creeping feeling of invisible fingers on my neck, rolling my shoulders and turning back to the sweet smelling confections.
I picked out a few sugar cakes, spun the plastic bag, and tied it off before I pushed my cart to the front of the store. The lines weren’t long, but people were feeling chatty and taking forever. I found myself checking over my shoulder every few seconds like I had a nervous tic. I grabbed a magazine off the rack and held it up in front of my face so I could look around over the top of it, very covert like. A dwarf man wrinkled his brow at me when he caught me staring. I felt my cheeks flush as I turned away, shoving the magazine back onto the rack carelessly, creasing a couple of pages.
Rushing through the pleasantries with the clerks, I was desperate to get out of the store and away from the invisible eyes still on me. Practically running out of the store, clutching my bags as they made my fingers red and white with strain, I saw the figure of a slim man, half hidden by the end of an aisle. When I took a second look, I stumbled into the same dwarf who had caught me staring, spilling my groceries. I apologized, scrambling to pick up my items, not hearing his tirade about careless witches.
When I stood back up and turned to look for the man I’d finally caught staring at me, he was gone. I bit down on my lower lip, staring at the empty space where he had been standing, trying to push away his familiarity. I may have just seen Owen, my ex-boyfriend.

Chapter 2
I shoved a box of cereal into the cabinet and slammed the door shut, making Artemis jump and hiss at the noise. He spilled some of the fresh cream I’d poured for him.
“Sorry, Artie,” I said as I reached out a hand to soothe him, but he turned his back on me, flicked his tail in the air, and pranced out of the kitchen. “Whatever. Furry little ingrate.”
I picked up my bowl of cold cereal and the saucer of cream and took them into the living room. I set Artie’s cream on the coffee table before I settled into my overstuffed armchair, pulled Grandmother’s afghan over my lap, and began to eat my breakfast. It had been about two weeks of skipping breakfast, so that was the most amazing bowl of processed sugar and milk I had ever tasted. But when I clicked on the morning news I nearly spit out my mouthful when I saw Jimmy’s face on the screen.
“Casino security at Fairshore Resort and Casino arrested Jimmy Laighin last night after he attempted to rig a game of roulette with a computerized chip,” the newscaster said. The picture of Jimmy was very obviously a mug shot of him after he was arrested with the serial number and his name on a plaque under his chin. His usually fluffy tuff of orange-red hair was deflated with sweat and there was a bruise blossoming on his cheek. Around his neck was a silver collar, made special to control supernaturals. Years ago, to help with the assimilation into the human world, a coven of witches had developed these collars for human police that would negate any magical abilities of the prisoner. If you were a Were, you couldn’t shift or use your strength. If you were a vamp, you couldn’t use your powers of persuasion or strength, and if you were a witch, you couldn’t use your powers and magic.
“Laighin can be seen here on casino security cameras, when he was apprehended.” The newscaster’s plastic face was replaced by high quality security footage and right there, in the middle of the melee, was Jimmy being converged upon by three security guards. What looked like the pit boss came into the frame as he reached for a black and white chip on the roulette table. The camera zoomed in on his hands as he removed the backing of the chip, exposing the digital guts hidden inside.
“Oh, Jimmy,” I said, shaking my head, “you idiot. A casino? Really? Well, no one could accuse you of wasting any time.” He’d managed to find the token, the money, and get arrested all in twenty four hours.
The newscaster was going on about how much money Jimmy had been winning before he was apprehended and that it had all happened in a matter of minutes. He had been placing increasingly larger bets with higher payouts, but I hardly heard anything he said. In the corner of the screen, slightly blurred, I could see the tall, lithe form of Rae of Dunhallow.
My spoon rattled against the edge of my bowl and I quickly set it on the table before I was covered in soggy sugar flakes and milk. Somehow Jimmy had managed to catch, not just a fairy, but a fairy princess. I could hear Ronnie’s warning echoing in my head about this coming back to me. If it had been just any fairy, they probably would have been satisfied with their vengeance on Jimmy, seeing him arrested, but a fairy princess? A royal? Oh, no, they were going to want to know who had given Jimmy the means to his good luck.
I ran to my door and threw the rest of the locks, thanking every deity that was listening that Frankie’s dad had put in iron hasp locks. Iron would hold up against a fairy; much good it would do me if they hired someone of a different race to come find me though. I turned my back to the door and slid down to the floor, clutching my knees to my chest.
“Mrrrow?” Artemis padded up to me. After one long stretch and a moment to knead the rug, he tried to jump up onto my knees. I shifted so I could pull him into my lap. His purr rumbled through both of us as I buried my face in his fur and pulled his scent into me. I heard my phone ring in the kitchen. I knew it was probably Ronnie, but it still took a lot for me to push Artie out of my lap and get up to go get it.
“Heya, Ronnie,” I said with a sigh.
“So you saw it?” she asked, her voice clipped.
“Yes, I saw it,” I said, bracing my forehead against the wall. “I had no idea he would be that stupid.”
“Are you serious?” Ronnie demanded, her voice became shrill and forced me to cringe away from the phone. “Did you see her? Did you see who he caught? Rae, Mattie. The dirty bridge dweller caught Rae of Dunhallow!”
“Yes, thank you, Ronnie, I saw.” I twisted around and slid down the wall to sit on the floor again. If I could have, I would have curled up into a ball small enough that the world wouldn’t be able to see me ever again.
“If you saw, then why aren’t you working on some wards or something?” She hesitated before she said, “You know they’re coming.” Her voice was softer, and I could hear the fear in her voice.
“I know. I’m going to work on warding,” I said, “but I’m out of a lot of stuff.”
“Then get your witchy butt downstairs and start shopping!” She hung up before I could say anything to that. Ronnie was right; I had to prepare for whatever was coming. I didn’t even know how much time I had. For all I knew, they were in the building already. My only hope was that Rae hadn’t gotten the charm I’d given Jimmy. If she didn’t, she would have to go back to the field where her token had been hidden and she’d have to perform a spell to find my signature. That would take some time, but if she had managed to get the charm I’d made for Jimmy, she already knew who I was and where to find me. 
I pushed away from the floor and set the phone back on the cradle. I made one last sweep of my kitchen, taking note of what I was missing. I was painfully low on my love potion ingredients, pain relief talismans, and healing potions, my top sellers. I also needed some of the more rare items too, especially if I was going to work magic to keep myself safe. I still had a good portion of the cash I’d gotten from Jimmy in my purse, so I left the jewels hidden where they were.
“Easy come, easy go,” I said in a whisper as I touched the bills in my purse before leaving my apartment.
***
“Ronnie,” I called, my voice a muffled echo as I was doubled over inside a nearly empty wooden barrel.
“Oh, gods,” Ronnie laughed when she saw my feet dangling in the air.
“Shut up,” I said as I literally scraped the bottom of the barrel, trying to gather up as many blue vervain blossoms as I could. “What the hell!” I angled my head and shoulders out of the barrel and fell back to my feet.
“What?” Ronnie asked, peeking over the edge of the barrel.
“How are you out of blue vervain?” I tucked the ends of my hair behind my ears to get it out of my face.
“Because it’s one of the most popular breeds, hence the giant barrel,” she said.
I lifted my basket and tucked away the few precious blossoms I’d managed to rescue from the depths of the barrel. “I need some cherry and apple brandy. Can you measure some out for me?”
“Sure, how much?”
“Depends on how much they cost,” I said a little sadly.
“I can give you the apple at cost,” she offered, and I smiled at her. The apple brandy was for potions of pain relief and healing, but the cherry went into love potions, of which Ronnie did not approve.
She disappeared around the bend of shelves, and I went in search of thistle silk, trying to slip around the tall form of a man who was examining river rocks a little too intently. When I passed him, I could smell jasmine and wet earth, making my stomach clench. When I looked back at him, I noted the high, arcing point of his pale ears and the long, silky mane of black hair that hung down his back, catching blue in the light. He wore a thousand dollar suit that fit his form perfectly, right down to the high polish shoes. The lapels of his jacket looked sharp enough to cut to the bone. He was definitely part of the Dunhallow Court.
“Matilda Kavanagh,” he said as he set the rock back into the basket before he turned his steely eyes on me. He didn’t say it like a question, so I didn’t bother answering him. It took a lot of self-control not to take a few steps back from him, but I took courage in the fact that I already had a couple of bundles of iron nails in my basket. I just might have enough time to grab them before he did anything.
“I was sent to enlist your services,” he said. He was perfectly at ease, his lithe hands clasped in front of him, his shoulders relaxed, and his face schooled. He still hadn’t asked me a question, so I bit down on my lip to keep from speaking. I was not about to be tricked into a fairy game of words.
“You are a witch for hire, are you not?” he asked directly, which forced me into answering.
“I have been known to perform certain magics for a fee,” I said carefully.
“You’re already in debt to the Dunhallow Court,” he replied.
“No, I am not,” I said firmly, gripping the handle of my basket tight enough to make it squeak.
“You may not think you are, but you would be incorrect,” he said smoothly, taking a moment to examine the nails of his left hand before he lifted his eyes up to meet mine again. “Wouldn’t you like to know what it is we want from you before you say no?”
“I doubt it would matter,” I said, “but fine, what do you want?”
“My Lord and Lady would like you to help find a missing person,” he said, and a knot loosened in my stomach.
“Oh, well, I don’t do that sort of thing,” I said. “But I could make you a seeking spell to find him.”
“I am afraid that will not do.” He shook his head slowly, making the ends of his black hair swish out from behind his back.
“Look, I’m sorry; I’m not a detective. That’s just not what I do.”
“I am afraid you don’t have a choice. You are in our debt.”
“I am not!” I argued, unable to stop myself from stomping my foot. “Look, I had no idea Jimmy was trying to catch Rae of Dunhallow. Trust me, if I had known, I wouldn’t have made the charm for him. But hey, Rae got him in the end, right? Jimmy is in jail. You should be happy with that.”
“I need not be happy with anything. You are in the debt of the Lord and Lady of Dunhallow, not me,” he said. He lifted a hand to stop me from arguing again. “I warn you to think it over before you refuse again.”
I closed my eyes, rubbed the bridge of my nose between two fingers, and felt the first stings of a coming headache. I took a deep breath to brace myself before I looked up, but when I opened my eyes again, he was gone. There was nothing to indicate he had ever been there, not even a shifting of air.
“Mattie?” Ronnie asked as she poked her head around the corner. “Are you talking to yourself?”
“Might as well have been,” I said, my shoulders slumping.
“What?”
“Nothing.” I waved off the comment. “You were right. I should’ve never made that charm for Jimmy.”
“Why?” she asked quickly and rushed around the corner toward me. “What just happened?”
“Just had a visit with a messenger from Dunhallow,” I said, making Ronnie gasp, a hand flying to her mouth. “They say I am in debt to them and they want me to find a missing person to repay the debt.”
“Well, that’s not so bad,” Ronnie said.
“Uh, yeah,” I said, sarcasm putting an edge on my words. “Until I can’t find whoever it is, or they turn up dead when I do and they hold me responsible!”
“You’re probably right,” Ronnie agreed with a slow bob of her head.
“I told him no. I offered to make a seeking spell, but that was all I would do.”
“And?”
“And he said no.” I moved around Ronnie to look for the thistle silk again.
“Mattie,” Ronnie followed hot on my heels, “you need to be careful with the fae.”
“I know that, Ronnie.” I bent over the baskets of rare herbs, pinched out some thistle silk, and slipped it into a small envelope for safe keeping.
“Do you? You knew better than to make that catching spell for Jimmy and you did it anyway,” she pressed.
“Yes, but when you’re on the verge of sharing cat food with your cat, you have to make some hard choices.” I moved over to the jewelweed, picked out a few branches, and nestled them in my basket by the milkweed and iron nails.
“Mattie, this isn’t going to just go away,” she said, very close to my shoulder. I could smell the rose oil on her neck.
“I know,” I said, finally turning to look my best friend in the eye. “I know, but if I just bend to their will without fighting, then they’ll walk all over me. Or,” I said quickly to stop her arguing, “they’ll trick me into something and I’ll be beholden to them until I’m old and gray.”
“Yeah,” she agreed. Ronnie dropped her eyes for a moment as she thought about what I said. “Just don’t do anything rash, and if you need help, please ask me.”
“Okay,” I said and reached out with my free hand to pull her into a hug. “Thank you.”


Chapter 3
	My apartment was warm and cozy for the first time in months. I had a fire burning in the fireplace, casting flickering shadows through the room. There were brownies baking in the oven, and the gooey chocolate scent permeated every room. I watched the five smooth stones in my mini caldron absorb the sleep spell I had mixed, their color shifting from blue to lilac. Satisfied I had cast the spell properly, I picked up two mugs of tea and walked to my kitchen table where my customer, Whelan, was waiting.
	“Here you go,” I said, sliding the spiced tea in front of him. He gave me a closed lip smile. The dark circles under his eyes made his face look sickly pale.
“Thanks, Mattie,” he said as he circled his slender fingers around the warm mug. Whelan was a human, nineteen, and a classically trained pianist. You wouldn’t know it from his inky black hair, matching eyeliner, multiple facial piercings, and the safety pins that decorated his black clothing. His usually sharp Mohawk, possibly sporting a second, neon color, hung limp around his ears.
“So, how long has it been?” I asked, taking the empty chair beside him and tucking one leg under me.
“Since I last slept?” he asked. I nodded and took a sip of my tea. So far he hadn’t tasted his. “Feels like forever, but it’s been about a week.”
“And you went to a doctor?”
“Yeah,” he answered, making an unflattering noise. “Jerk wouldn’t do anything for me. No drugs, no advice, nothing. Just told me I had to get some natural sleep, said I should just relax.”
“Helpful,” I said. I didn’t really understand human doctors. Some just drugged up their patients for any little thing, while others turned their patients away with drivel like Whelan got.
“Very,” he agreed. “I mean, what did he think I was doing? Trying to sleep on a bed of nails? Relax. Guess that’s what they teach you in medical school. Probably just thought I was some strung-out druggie.”
“You think he thought you were just looking for drugs?”
“The way he acted? Yeah, I do.” He shook his head again then asked, “So, you think these will help?” He nodded toward the counter where the cauldron sat.
“They should.” I set my cup down and hopped up from my seat to check on the stones’ progress.
“What are they?”
“Sleep stones,” I said as I stirred the water with a ceramic spoon. “You’ll take them home and put one under each corner of your bed, between the mattress and box spring is best so they don’t move, and one in your pillow.”
“Won’t it fall out?”
“Yeah, you’ll have to actually cut open your pillow, put the stone into the stuffing, and then sew it back up,” I said. The stones were ready, so I gathered them up and placed them into a black velvet pouch. “You can sew a stich, right?”
“Yeah,” he said as he stood. His untouched tea sat on the table.
“So yeah, no incantation or anything, that’s all done. Just put them where I said and try to quiet your mind when you lay down.”
“Easier said than done,” he said as he took the pouch from me.
“Put on some music or the television. Something to fill the void, but won’t take any attention from you,” I said. I hefted the cauldron and spilled the potion into the sink. The light purple water looked like grape juice as it swirled down the drain.
“Good idea,” Whelan said as he stuffed the pouch into his leather jacket pocket. “How much do I owe you?”
“Twenty,” I said as I reached for the salt to clean the cauldron.
“Mattie…” His tone told me he didn’t believe me.
“Twenty is fine, Whelan,” I insisted. I knew he didn’t make a lot of money at the music shop and the music scholarship didn’t cover all his costs.
“Twenty,” he repeated, and I watched as he pulled two twenties out of his wallet and tucked them into my money jar before I could argue with him.
“Whelan,” I said as I headed toward to the money jar to give back one of the bills, but he held up one of those beautiful hands to stop me.
“We all gotta eat, Mattie,” he said and pressed a kiss to my cheek. “Seeing me on short notice in the middle of the night is favor enough.”
“Middle of the night is middle of the day for witches, you know that,” I said as I turned back to finish cleansing my cauldron.
“Right, I’m forgetting things lately,” he said.
“Sleep and you’ll get better.”
“Thanks again,” he said and he made his way to the front door, giving Artemis a scratch as he passed the couch in the living room.
Just then, the oven timer went off. I called out to stop Whelan, “If you wait, you can take some brownies with you!”
“Save me some,” he called back without stopping. “Oh, excuse me,” I heard Whelan say as he opened the door. “Mattie, you got another customer!” My heart lodged itself in my throat; I hadn’t told Whelan I was screening my customers after the whole fairy messenger thing in Ronnie’s shop.
I hastily wiped my hands off on my jeans as I looked around the kitchen for a weapon. I could smell the brownies. If I didn’t get them out in the next few minutes, they would burn. What the hell was up with this night?
My knockout powder was in my bedroom, not really the smartest place to keep it, and I silently cursed myself as I listened to the footsteps coming through the living room. Even the iron nails I bought at Ronnie’s shop were sitting on the coffee table, way out in the living room. Just before they came around the corner of the kitchen, I grabbed my herb knife and clutched it in my right hand as I called power to my left, feeling the swirling magic twining around my fingers.
My mother had been your everyday kitchen witch, rather gifted with brewing and casting, but my father was the one with the extra helping of powers. He was a telekinetic and a telepathic. He used to joke that his ability to read minds kept him out of the dog house for most of their marriage. Useful though it may have been, I was glad to have only inherited his telekinetic abilities. People were crazy, and I didn’t want to know what was really going on in their heads. But I liked my telekinetic powers. I liked them a lot.
Then Owen stepped around the corner. I nearly dropped my knife and the power I had summoned shot from my hand and stuck the kitchen floor, leaving a scorch mark on the linoleum. Owen blinked at me before his eyes went to the knife in my hand. He lifted his hands in front of him, showing me they were empty. The light caught the silver thumb ring on his right hand, the ring I had given him all those years ago.
“For the love of toads, Owen!” I breathed, pressing my empty hand on my chest, trying to slow the beating of my heart. I started to set my knife on the counter, but something stopped me. I dropped my hand back to my side, keeping the knife clutched in my hand.
“Hey there, girl,” Owen said. A nervous smile pulled at the corners of his mouth.
“Don’t call me that,” I said a little too quickly.
“Right, sorry.” He dropped his eyes and shifted his feet, clearly uncomfortable. I watched him, waited for him to explain what he was doing there after two years of no contact. He was paler than I remembered. His skin was too white, I could even see the blue veins at his temples. His lips had always been pale, but those were not the lips I remembered kissing. The only thing familiar was his unkempt blond hair, hanging down around his face, making my fingers twitch with the need to push it back.
“So,” he finally said, “how are you?”
“Seriously?” I cocked an eyebrow at him.
“What?” he asked, more than a little confused, which just pissed me off.
“How are you?” I demanded. “You took off without so much as a ‘screw you’ and two years later you show up and ask me how I am?” I crossed my arms, careful to keep the knife flat on my arm as I stared at him.
“Well, I, uh,” he stuttered.
“Just tell me what the hell you want,” I demanded.
“All right,” he said and drew himself up to his full height. I watched as he folded his emotions in. Even his face changed, closing down and stealing the sparkle in his blue eyes. I felt my stomach twist with confusion. Watching him close down gave me a sense of satisfaction, but I was oddly disappointed too.
He turned away from me and walked over to my kitchen table, taking the seat Whelan had sat in just moments ago. He set his right foot on his left knee and leaned back, completely at his ease, which just pissed me off even more. He propped his right elbow on the table and started to spin his thumb ring with his forefinger.
“Oh please,” I said, venom dripped from my voice. “Have a seat. Make yourself at home.”
“Thank you,” he said calmly and nodded at me. I gritted my teeth and slammed the knife, point first, into the cutting board on the counter.
“All right, let’s have it,” I said, waving a hand to hurry him up.
“An envoy from Dunhallow visited you today,” he began, glancing at me, but I didn’t give him any indication that he was right. “He asked for a favor, and you turned him down.”
“No,” I interrupted. “He made a demand of me for something I don’t do. I offered to do something else. He said it wouldn’t fly with the Lord and Lady.”
“Fine,” he conceded. “You need to do what they asked of you, Mattie.”
“Excuse me?”
“All they want you to do is to find someone,” he said. Owen dropped his foot to the floor and turned in his seat to look at me full on. He braced his forearms on his knees, leaning forward and making his messy blond hair swing forward, framing his face.
“So they say.” I shook my head. “I don’t deal with the fae, Owen. They’re sneaky sons of goblins; they say it’s just a missing person, but what happens if I can’t find him? Or if I do and the guy is already dead? Do you really think they won’t punish me for that?”
“And you’re not the least bit worried about what they’re going to do to you if you flat out refuse?” he asked.
“Of course I am, but what am I supposed to do?”
“Take the job,” he said bluntly.
“It’s not a job, Owen,” I argued. “They think I owe them because that damn troll caught Rae of Dunhallow, so even if I do agree to do this, they aren’t going to pay me for my time.”
“So what?”
“So what? Are you kidding me?” I threw my hands up in the air and turned away from him. “Owen, I almost didn’t make rent this month because business has been so slow. If Jimmy hadn’t asked for that seeking spell, I’d probably be crashing on Ronnie’s couch right now.” I turned back to him. There was a sadness in his eyes that wasn’t there a moment ago. His dark blond brows were raised slightly and the line of his mouth was softer. It was a look that would’ve melted my heart two years ago, but now, it just made me angry. I didn’t need his godforsaken pity.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t know it had gotten so bad,” he offered, and I could tell he was getting ready to shift his body to stand so I held up a hand to stop him.
“I don’t need pity, Owen. I’m fine. The holidays are coming and business always picks up by then, but I can’t be wasting precious time looking for a missing person when I could actually be working.” The smell of burning chocolate brought me back to the oven and I hurried to take out the pan of brownies before they were ruined. As I set them on the counter I could feel Owen’s eyes still on me, but I wasn’t ready to look at him yet.
I turned back to the herbs I had been chopping before Whelan came over and pulled my knife out of the cutting board to set back to work. Owen’s eyes stayed on me as I moved about the kitchen, preparing love potions. I didn’t have any new orders, but eventually I would have some, and it was better to have the potions done. Well, mostly done. I couldn’t add the final ingredients until I knew who the intended couple was.
“Mattie,” he said my name so softly that for a moment I could feel his breath on my skin – feel his arms around me – and wanted to turn to him. Damn vampire tricks. I gripped the potion bottles in my hands so hard they shook as I composed myself. “The missing person is Roane.”
“Toads,” I cursed under my breath and set the bottles on the counter by the stove. “The prince is missing?”
“Yes, that’s why they’re so angry that you gave the troll a seeking spell to catch their daughter.” I could hear the hope in his voice that I was finally going to agree to this.
“Let’s get something clear,” I said, rounding on him again. “I had no idea who Jimmy was going to try to catch. He just said he wanted to catch a fairy. Do you really think I would’ve agreed if I had known the particular fairy he had in mind was a princess?”
“Mattie, they don’t care.”
“Why do you?”
“What?”
“Why do you care so much if I do this or not? Why are you here trying to get me to do this anyway?” We stared at each other, and I watched as he debated whether or not to lie to me about why he was here. I could see his thoughts race through his eyes, taking too long to think of an answer. I stared him in the eye and challenged him to lie to me.
“Fine,” he said and pushed to his feet. “I happen to know that if you choose to refuse to help them, they’re going to hold you accountable for his disappearance.”
“What? How can they do that?” I waved my hands around me, indicating the apartment at large. “Where would I have him hidden? They know I don’t have him. Why would I?”
“It doesn’t matter. You helped catch Rae. You’re the perfect scapegoat. They’ll make an example out of you, hoping that’ll make the real kidnappers come out or make a mistake so they can catch them.” He spoke so fast his words nearly ran together and he was taking steps closer to me, his hands held out.
“Hasn’t the kidnapper made any demands yet?”
“Not yet.” He shook his head, his hair shifted around his jaw. “They’re probably just keeping him and using his magic.”
“Oh,” I said softly. That hadn’t occurred to me. If they could imprison him, then they could get him to grant all their wishes with his magic and they wouldn’t need to demand a ransom.
“See, Mattie,” Owen said, now much closer to me than he’d been the whole time. If I wanted to, I could have reached out and touched him. “They’ll kill you if you don’t help.”
“They might kill me anyway,” I said.
“True, but at least this way you have a chance.” His voice was a whisper and he lifted his hand to reach for me. I watched his hand. His nails were finely manicured and smooth, just like I remembered. I felt my fingers twitch just before I started to reach for him. “I had to warn you, Mattie,” he whispered. The tips of his fingers touched mine. His skin was cool now – I remembered when it was warm with my blood.
“No, damnit!” I screamed and sparks flew from my hand, scorching Owen’s and making him snatch his hand back. His blue eyes flashed black in surprise. He tried to shake off the pain, but still took a step back from me. 
“Mattie,” he started to say, but I shook my head roughly, making the short tips of my hair swing wildly.
“No, Owen.” I balled my hands into fists at my side to control the power threatening to shoot out in my anger. “You can’t just break my heart and disappear for two years and then show up here and talk to me like this! Like you give a crap about me!”
“But I do care about you, Mattie.”
“No!” I yelled, “Stop right now or so help me, I’ll blow your undead ass right through that wall! I don’t know why you’re here, but I’m sure Theo has something to do with it. I’m sure she’s in the Dunhallows’ pocket and she sent you here to manipulate me.” I saw the muscle of his jaw flex, but before he could get any words out, I screamed at him, “Get out, Owen, get out!” I squeezed my eyes shut against the sting of tears. I would not cry in front of him.
“Fine,” he said after a long silence. “I’ll go, but Mattie, please just think about it.” I held my breath and kept my eyes closed until I heard the door shut behind him. Then I crumpled to the floor and let the tears flow.

Chapter 4
It was raining the first night I met Owen. His hair was dark with rain and plastered to his head, water rushing off his jacket to make puddles around his boots as the door closed behind him, the bells jingling his arrival. Standing behind the counter, I was able to watch him as he looked around the crowded charm shop, clearly confused and a little intimidated. He was tall for me, five ten, give or take an inch and had a narrow frame. I could imagine the muscles hidden by his coat would be long and lean, just thick enough to get your hands around. 
If I hadn’t offered to watch the shop for Ronnie, she would’ve been the one to meet this blue-eyed stranger. When he finally made his way through the maze of the shop, he approached the counter but kept a few feet back. The collar of his jacket was turned up around his jaw and the length of his hair hung around his face, which left very little face for me to see. 
“Help you?” I asked.
“Um, yeah,” he said. He jammed his hand into his pocket and pulled out a slip of paper. Passing me the damp note, he said, “I need these things.” I pursed my lips as I read over the list and noted the very specific list of ingredients.
“You’re haunted?” I asked, the blunt question bringing his head up, and he blinked at me.
“Pardon?”
“These items, you’re gonna do a spirit banishing, right?” I turned from him to get the white mistletoe berries that Ronnie kept locked behind the counter because they were so expensive and difficult to get. She also hid them because they could be used to make a rather potent poison.
He shifted his weight from foot to foot, his hands in his jacket pockets as he tried to casually look around the store.
“Look,” I said as I measured out the berries, “you gotta tell me, or I can’t sell you anything.”
“Why?” he demanded, looking at me again. This time I saw the spark in his eyes, but his power of persuasion wouldn’t work on a witch, so I didn’t look away.
“It’s the law, Blue-Eyes.” He blinked at me again. The corner of his mouth twitched in an almost smile. Finally he nodded, answering me, so I went to gather the other items he would need.
“Have you ever performed a banishing before?” I asked, crouched behind a shelf as I looked for the alcohol-infused carnation petals.
“No,” he replied, his voice muffled by distance and shelves.
“They aren’t easy,” I said as I came around, the petals in one hand and the bundle of black candles in the other. “Ghosts are stubborn, especially if they don’t know they’re ghosts. You be sure to mean it when you do the spell. Most people can’t perform spells like these unless they’re witches or psychics, you know?” He didn’t respond, just stared at me, making me feel twitchy. I was just glad he blinked occasionally.
“Um,” the paper bag rattled as I placed his items inside, “do you have red storax oil?” He glanced up at me, pausing in his motion to take out his wallet.
“Do I have what now?” He furrowed his brow at me, and I found myself staring at the dimples it caused on his forehead.
“Red storax oil,” I repeated. “I’m pretty sure I know what spell you’re using. After the ritual, you’re supposed to keep some of the berries in that oil.”
“Oh,” he said, moving his eyes to the cash register. I punched in his items. The machine let out a loud chime as the total came up. He tossed a few bills on the counter and snatched the bag. Before I could give him his change, he turned away to make his way toward the door.
“Hey,” I called after him, “your change?” 
He came back, faster than my eyes could track, and his fingers suddenly brushed the back of my hand as he took the cash I held. I jumped back when I finally realized he was there and dropped a few of the coins on the glass countertop. The coins spun where they fell until they twirled to a stop. I held my hand to my chest and stared wide-eyed at him.
“Red storax oil, you said?” he asked, his voice a little softer than it had been before.
“Yeah,” I managed, my voice caught in my throat. “We, ah, we don’t have any right now. The apothecary down the block should have some though.” He glanced to his right as if he could see the apothecary shop through the very walls of Ronnie’s shop. He nodded his head toward me when he pulled his eyes from the wall.
“Thanks,” he said, softer still. I felt a pressure over the swell of my shoulder, grazing my skin along the muscle, as if his very voice carried the caress of warm fingers.
“Sure,” I said. My face was warm and flushed. 
He turned on his heel again and left the shop, the bells jingling. I swallowed my heart and braced myself on the cool glass countertop. You’d think I’d never met a vampire before.
That was three years ago, and it had been almost two since I had seen him last.  One night I woke up in an empty bed, not so much a note on the pillow to explain his absence. Not that I needed a note. I knew where he had gone: back to Theodora, his maker. Vampires crave company. For all their powers, immortality takes its toll as they watch those that they love die and they simply go on. But as their years pass, they slip further and further from the humanity they once had, so they cling to the warm and the living. 
Unfortunately, that means leaving the ones who made them, master vampires like Theodora. Theodora would not be rejected for the likes of one insignificant and mortal witch, like me. As Owen’s affections grew, so did Theodora’s jealousies. Toward the end, Owen started visiting Theodora’s lair more and more, answering her call. And I couldn’t deny her. After all, if she hadn’t made Owen, he would have died over a century ago, and I would have never met him. I would have never known his love.
But it was because he loved me, because he clung to my warm, beating heart, that Theodora called him back to her. Owen had been sharing blood with only me in that first year of our relationship. Because of that, he had begun cutting off the ties that bound him to Theodora. That was something she just couldn’t have.
Everyone knew the risks of falling in love with any of the immortals, but sometimes that’s a risk you just couldn’t help but take. After that first night, seeing Owen looking a little lost, a little afraid, the touch of his power on my skin, I knew it was a risk I was willing to take.
The morning I woke up and he was gone, I knew he had shared blood with Theodora, renewing her hold over him. I never thought I would see him again. It was a little disappointing to get my first glimpse of him in over two years at the corner market, lurking by the carrots and celery. I always imagined running into him in a crowded room. The noise, the people, everything else would fall away and there would only be us, his blue eyes staring into my own. Our fingers would touch, and he would remember my embrace. His lips would find mine and he would remember my kiss. He would remember me.
Instead, he had stalked me as I shopped for cakes and lunchmeat. And I tripped over myself, spilled my groceries, tried to get away from the creeper I could feel staring at me. Sometimes life was a bitch. 
Wine, that’s what I needed, lots and lots of wine. My glass sat half-empty on the kitchen table as I pulled the cork out of a second bottle. Ronnie sat at the far end of my small circular table, her own glass held by the tips of her fingers as she watched me fill my glass before holding out the bottle for her. Ronnie had just stepped off the elevator when she heard me scream for Owen to leave and was standing outside my door by the time he’d walked out. She came inside, sat on the kitchen floor with me, and waited for the tears to stop with her arm around my shoulders.
“So, why do you suppose he wants you to take the job?” Ronnie asked as she swirled her wine, tilting the glass toward her nose for a sniff.
“No idea, but I am curious how he even knew about it in the first place,” I said. I untwisted the cork from the corkscrew and tossed it into a glass vase, the cork landing on a growing pile of corks inside.
“That is curious.” Ronnie nodded with her eyes still on her glass before she took a sip.
“I mean, he’s a vampire. These are fae,” I said as I took my seat across from Ronnie and pulled one foot up under me. “Are they working together now?”
“You know how the immortals are,” Ronnie said, “they always end up together, eventually.”
“I guess.”
“They understand each other, they come from a different time, and they’re doomed to watch the world change around them.”
“Eh.” I shook my head, swallowing a sip of wine. “That’s vampires. The fae have their own world. Even though they like to come and go from our world and play with the stupid mortals, they’re not part of our world.”
“That’s true,” Ronnie conceded.
“Vampires are part of our world. They were all human once, so it’s their world that’s passing them by. You’d think they would actually hate the fae,” I said.
“Okay, fine,” Ronnie said, waving one hand in the air to dispel this circular argument. “Fine, enemies, friends, frenemies, whatever they may be, why did Owen come to you and tell you to look for Roane?”
“I don’t know,” I said, tapping a fingernail against my glass. “But I will tell you this. I know Theo has something to do with it.”
“Why do you think that?”
“Because she took him from me and she would never let him come around me again unless she was going to get something from it.”
“So maybe not all vampires are in bed with the fae, but Theo is,” Ronnie said slowly.
“I think so.” I took another sip of wine. I could feel the flush of heat starting to rise in my cheeks from the wine. “She’s playing some sort of game and she knew it would be hard for me to see Owen.”
“Do you think maybe Theo has Roane?” Ronnie asked.
“Why would she send Owen then?”
“To throw you off. If Owen’s here telling you to look for Roane, you won’t think the vampires have him.”
“Sure, I guess,” I said, but Ronnie was on a roll.
“Or maybe she thought if she sent Owen here to tell you to go looking for him, you’d be so pissed off after the way he treated you, you would refuse just because Owen said you should.”
“Yeah,” I nodded, “that would probably work.” I was a little embarrassed to admit it, but the wine made my tongue loose.
“So maybe you should look for Roane,” Ronnie said.
“Not you too.” I slouched in my chair, dropped my head back, and stared at the ceiling.
“No, no, hear me out,” Ronnie said quickly, leaning toward me. “What if Theo does have Roane? Wouldn’t it be great to catch her and throw her to the fae?”
“Sure, but –” 
Ronnie cut me off again. “I would love to see what the Lord and Lady of Dunhallow would do to that blood sucker.”
“Ronnie,” I said her name, then snapped my fingers to make her blink and bring her attention back to me. “You do remember that Theodora is, like, a thousand years old, right?”
“So?”
“So? Are you kidding? You have no idea how much power that woman has.” I pushed my wine glass away, afraid I’d knock it over in my state.
“You have power too, Mattie.”
“Not like her,” I said, shaking my head. “Owen and I had been sharing blood for a year, Ronnie, a year, and she was still able to call him to her like that.” I snapped my fingers for emphasis. A spark of silver power ignited briefly.
“Is that such a big deal?” she asked. Ronnie had hardly spent any time around vampires; most witches didn’t. Vampires generally didn’t like witches because their mind tricks and compulsions didn’t work on us, so they kept their distance.
“Yeah, it is. Sharing that much blood with just one person? No one should be able to break our bond, but,” I sighed and tried not to think of that last night we spent together, “she was able to do it pretty easily. I mean, it did take a couple of weeks, but she got him in the end.”
“Are you scared of her?” Ronnie asked.
“No,” I said, thinking about it before I went on. “I mean, she’s still a vampire and she can’t use her little mind tricks on me, but…” I paused, letting the sentence hang there.
“But what?” Ronnie finally asked, unable to take the silence.
“But she just shouldn’t have been able to pull Owen away from me, so I don’t know what other powers she has, you know? I’ve never actually met her. Hell, I haven’t met any vampires as old as she.” I shuddered involuntarily.
“Yeah,” Ronnie finally agreed with a nod, “I guess that is a little scary. But, Mattie, is she scarier than the fae?”
“That’s a very good question.” I pushed away from the table, stood, and went into the kitchen to look for some food. The brownies were cool enough to cut, but I needed some real food, not just sugar. I was bent over, my head in the fridge, when I heard the knock at the door.
“Do you usually get customers this late?” Ronnie asked. It was nearly three o’clock.
“Not usually, but it happens,” I said as I shut the fridge door and moved through the apartment toward the front door. The caller pounded frantically on the door before I reached it, making me hesitate. Jimmy had knocked like that when he came asking for that seeking spell. So help me, if it was that troll, I’d have his fuzzy little head on a stake.
Just as I reached for my baseball bat, I heard the high pitched voice of a young girl call out my name, muffled through the door. “Mattie! Mattie! It’s me, Joey! Please!”
“She sounds desperate,” Ronnie offered from her seat in the kitchen.
“Joey,” I said as I started to unbolt the multiple locks on the door, “what is the matter?” The tiny waif of a girl rushed in when I had opened the door a mere couple of inches. She was a blur of pink as she darted past me. A half-pixie half-human, Joey was so tiny, she was shorter even than Ronnie, and if she weighed over a hundred pounds, I would be surprised. Her hair was a shock of bubblegum pink that sprouted from her head in every direction, ending in soft spikes with tiny pieces framing her lavender eyes.
“Um, I, uh,” she stammered as she looked around my apartment. Her eyes landed on Ronnie. Joey turned back to me and blinked her wide eyes slowly. 
“Ronnie’s cool. What’s up?” I asked as I shut the door, threw the locks back into place, and touched the knob with my finger to trigger the freezing spell.
“Yeah, okay,” she said quickly. When I had first met Joey, I thought she had a meth problem because of how erratic her speech was and how quickly she moved, but it was just the pixie in her reconciling with the permanent human size. Her mother was a pixie and her father a human. The combination had turned out pretty enough, but Joey didn’t have all the transformative powers pixies usually had. She was stuck at human size, as small as she was at four foot nine, but she moved like a hummingbird, and I worried one day her heart was going to burst in her tiny chest.
“Come, sit, have some wine,” I said, taking her by the shoulders, guiding her over to the kitchen table, and urging her to take my seat. I poured a third glass of wine and held it out for her. Joey took it with trembling fingers, but after the first sip, she was visibly calmer.
“Is she old enough to drink?” Ronnie whispered to me as if Joey wouldn’t be able to hear her three feet away.
“She’s half pixie,” I said as an explanation for her size and childlike face. As it was, Joey was well into her twenties, not that the supernatural community cared much for human age laws anyway.
“So what’s the matter?” Ronnie asked. Joey looked up from the wine glass held in both hands. The pink hue of her cheeks had already darkened with the few sips she’d taken.
“It’s about Malachi,” Joey said, looking from me to Ronnie and back again.
“The boyfriend,” I said to Ronnie as I picked up my wine glass and took a gulp, finishing off my third glass. I definitely felt the wine then; my vision was a little fuzzy and I felt a little lightheaded. It was time for some food. “Go on,” I said to Joey as I pulled open the fridge door again and resumed the search Joey’s arrival had interrupted.
“I think he’s getting ready to break up with me,” Joey said, her voice cracking at the end. Tears shimmered in her eyes, and when I looked over the top of the fridge door, she blinked, making them spill down. A black streak of mascara ruined her carefully applied makeup.
“Why do you think that?” Ronnie asked. 
Before Joey could answer, I said, “Because he’s a werewolf.” I heard Ronnie make a noise of understanding as I ducked back down and finally grabbed a box of left over pizza. I nudged the door closed with my hip and set the box down on the kitchen table. I pulled out a piece and took a huge bite. Ronnie took a piece when she realized it was just cheese, tomatoes, and basil on top. I nodded at Joey for her to take a piece, but she just shook her head and sniffed sadly.
“So you’re really dating a Were?” Ronnie asked. “Even though you’re not one?”
“Why does that surprise everyone?” Joey asked exasperated and set her glass down a little too hard, making me cringe, but it didn’t break.
“Because, Joey, Weres usually don’t date outside their race,” I said. “And when they do, it’s usually just a fling.”
“Not with Malachi and me!” Joey yelled, but her eyes bulged and her hand flew to cover her mouth as if she hadn’t meant to yell at us.
“You just said you think he’s gonna break up with you,” Ronnie said. I waved a hand at her to stop, not wanting Joey to fly into a rage and break my stemware.
“Fine, so what is it you want from me?” I asked, tearing off a bite of crust.
“A love potion,” Joey whispered. I wondered if she thought Malachi could hear her all the way across town. I mean, a Were’s hearing was good, but not that good. Ronnie groaned loudly, slouching in her chair. I shot her a look, and she took another bite of pizza to keep from voicing her opinion further.
“Joey, we talked about this last week,” I said, making Ronnie’s head snap up, looking daggers at me. “I told you a Were would be able to smell the potion, and it would be nearly impossible to slip it to him.”
“I know, I know,” Joey said quickly. “Look, I’ll figure it out, all right?” I looked at her and saw the desperation in her eyes and my heart went out to her. I knew what it was to be in love with someone only to feel them pull away from you, to watch them slip away like water through your fingers.
“Fine,” I said, shaking my head.
“Mattie, you can’t be serious.” Ronnie jumped in her chair and turned to face me.
“Ronnie, don’t.” I held up at hand. I did not want to argue with her about it. Ronnie opened her mouth, but after a moment, she closed it without saying anything and slumped back down in her chair. She turned her face away from me, tossed her long red hair over her shoulder, and pursed her lips. She’d get over eventually. If she was really that mad at me, she would’ve left. Besides, she knew as well as I did if I didn’t give Joey the potion, she’d find it somewhere else, and she might get taken advantage of by someone with lower morals. At least if she got the potion from me, she was safe knowing it was a real potion and at a reasonable price.
I went back to the kitchen, pulled out one of the premade potions I had prepped, and pulled the cork out before setting it on the counter. I found the finger sticks in the drawer and let Joey see me break the seal on it and pull the paper and film apart like a Band-Aid to access the sharp needle.
“Come here, Joey,” I said, crooking a finger at her. Joey’s eyes went to the needle on the counter and hesitated. I had an alcohol-soaked cotton ball ready and waiting.
“Having second thoughts?” Ronnie jeered, her voice a small echo as she spoke into her wineglass before taking a sip.
“No,” Joey said quickly, her voice stronger than I expected. Ronnie’s gibe got Joey out of her seat, and she walked over to me, slower than I had ever seen her move before.
“Hand please,” I said, holding out my empty hand for Joey’s.
“Will it hurt?” she asked. Her voice wavered as she whispered, hoping Ronnie wouldn’t hear her, but she did, as was obvious from the snort we heard.
“I’ll make it quick,” I promised as Joey laid her hand in mine. I wiped her finger with the cotton ball to sterilize it, and when I reached for the needle, I felt Joey’s hand tremble in mine.
“Still time to back out,” Ronnie said as she reached for a second piece of pizza.
“Shut up,” Joey said, turning her face to look over her shoulder at Ronnie. I took the momentary distraction to stick her finger. Joey jumped and hissed, but it was done.
“Wait,” I said, snatching Joey’s hand back before she could stick her bloody finger in her mouth and suck the blood off. I turned her hand over and squeezed three drops of her blood into the bottle. When the third drop hit the potion, there was a puff of purple smoke and the pink potion turned crystal clear. The spell was done.
“Is that it?” Joey asked around her finger as she stared wide-eyed at the bottle.
“That’s it,” I said and corked the bottle. I laid it on its side, grabbed a lit candle from the window sill, and dripped the melted wax on it to seal it. “Now,” I said, picking up the bottle and blowing on the wax to set it, “be careful only Malachi drinks this. It will work on anyone, so you don’t want to go spiking some punch at a party or something.”
“Eh, why not?” Ronnie said around a bite of pizza. “What’s the difference meddling in one heart or a hundred? I say spike the punch!”
“Thank you, Ronnie,” I said and turned back to Joey. “Be careful.”
“I will, I promise,” Joey said as she took the bottle from me and clutched it to her tiny chest. I could see all her hopes and fears lay naked on her face, and for a moment, I thought about taking the bottle back from her. I could think of a few charms that would do her some much needed good, but that’s not what she came to me for.
“It’s a hundred,” I said, my hand out.
“I thought potions were fifty,” Joey said. Her hand hesitated over her purse.
“That’s for medicinal potions,” I said with a shake of my head. “Love potions cost more.”
“Because they have higher consequences,” Ronnie said.
“Enough, Ronnie,” I said before saying to Joey, “So, one hundred.”
“Yeah, okay,” Joey said a little sadly as she rummaged in her purse and found the money. She handed it to me in a wadded up ball, and I had to lay it out on the counter to count it. When I found the full fee there, I gave her a nod.
“And remember, he’ll be able to smell that.” I pointed at the bottle. “If he catches you, you didn’t get it from me, understand?”
“Yes, yes,” she said, “thank you so much, Mattie.” She rushed past me and was out the door. I hardly had time to hear the tell-tale crack of the freezing spell breaking before the sound of the door slamming.
“You know,” Ronnie said, and I felt my shoulders inch up, ready for her barb, “after what Jimmy’s put you through, I would think you would have second thoughts about meddling with people.”
“Ronnie,” I said as I turned back to her and slid into my seat, “I have to pay my bills.”
“I know, but you could just stick to charms and medicinal spells,” she said.
“And which should I give up: food or electricity? Or maybe heat or water?” I tilted my head and waited for her answer.
“You really make that much more money with these things?”
“Yes,” I said. “People who come to me for medicinal problems usually don’t have a lot of money because they can’t work, or can’t work a lot, and are barely making ends meet. I just can’t charge them more, you know? But love spells? Those I can charge more and make sure I can pay my bills.”
“Quite the dilemma,” Ronnie said. “I just hope she really did have a plan to slip it to him. I don’t even want to think about what he’ll do to her if he catches her trying to spell him.”
“Yeah,” I said with a sigh, reaching for another bottle of wine to uncork, “me neither.” 

Chapter 5
I woke the next evening with a massive hangover. Artemis stood on my chest and kneaded my shirt. His tiny little claws felt like knives in my skin.
“Mrrrow!” he said, demanding that I get up and pour him some milk.
“Uncool, Artie, uncool,” I grumbled as I flipped the covers off, burying him in a mound of sheets. He hissed and spat at me as he clawed his way out, flicked his tail in the air, and turned his back on me before jumping off the bed. He sauntered out of the bedroom.
“Yeah, yeah,” I said as I dragged myself into the bathroom to attempt to make something presentable of myself. The cool tiles felt wonderful on my bare feet, but the effort to untangle my short hair didn’t. I finally got it tamed enough to tuck it behind my ears and took makeup remover to my face. The smudged black flakes under my eyes made me look like I had been in a bar fight last night, but when I got it all off, I just looked like I’d been sick for a week.
I switched off the light with a smack of my hand and made my way out of the bedroom, slipped on my house shoes on my way, and to the kitchen where Artemis waited for me. He was walking in circles on the countertop around his empty bowls.
“Oh, forgive me, your highness,” I said and bowed with a flourish of my hand. “Ugh, bad idea.” I straightened up and the room spun around me. I closed my eyes and gritted my teeth against the lurch in my stomach until it passed. The cream smelled wretched, but it wasn’t past its expiration date, so I knew it was just the hangover turning my sense of smell against me. After I poured Artemis a bowlful, I shoved the offending carton back in the fridge and fished out a cold soda to settle my stomach.
There were still a couple of pieces of pizza left in the box, which I was grateful for. The carbonated sugar and carbs worked wonders on my stomach, leaving me with only the thrumming beat in my head to deal with. As I leaned against the counter, munching on the cold pizza and Artemis lapping up his cream, I heard the soft whisper of paper against the hardwood floor. Artemis picked up his head, his ears turned forward as he looked toward the front door.
“Wonder what that was, Artie,” I said as dropped the half-eaten slice on the counter and dusted off my hands as I walked out of the kitchen. I could feel Artemis following me, jumping from one piece of furniture to the next, until we reached the front door. I looked down at the envelope with my name written on it. The script was elaborate and in a red so bright, it reminded me of spilt blood.
“Let’s not think like that so early in the evening,” I said to Artemis. I nudged the envelope with my toe experimentally, not wanting to pick it up. “What do you suppose it is, Artie?”
My smush-faced cat looked at me before he jumped down from the bookshelf by the door and crept toward the envelope. He crouched down, his pink nose dangerously close to the edge of the envelope, and I saw him twitch his whiskers as he sniffed it. His tail swished slowly back and forth across the floor as he considered it. When he sat back finally and began to clean his paw nonchalantly, I felt safe enough to pick the envelope up. I could feel some sort of energy when I traced my name, Matilda, not Mattie.
I turned it over and pulled the letter out. It was from the Dunhallows.

Dear Ms. Kavanagh,
We look forward to your quick resolution of our business arrangement. Please know, if you have any questions or concerns, we are at your disposal. We are eager to resolve this matter in a quiet and efficient manner. We understand our emissary has explained the urgency and stakes should this situation not resolve itself satisfactorily.

Ever your servants,
Lord and Lady Stoirm Dunhallow

I stared at the letter. They were ambiguous enough, but I knew what they meant. I held my breath as I upended the envelope and watched Owen’s ring slip out, falling into my empty hand. I rolled the cool metal ring between my fingers, feeling the zing of the charm I had laid in it so long ago. It was a simple charm of protection, not that it had helped him now, but there was no mistaking it for a fake. They had taken Owen to get me to obey.
“Damnit!” I stomped my foot and crumpled the letter and the envelope before tearing them into a hundred pieces. I screamed wordlessly and the pieces of paper burst into flames in my hands, the ashes smoldering as they drifted to the floor where I stomped on them. I heard Artemis hiss in surprise as one flaming bit hit him on the tail, and he shot out of the room faster than I could track. When all the paper was obliterated and only the black smudges on my hardwood floor remained, I finally stopped. Owen’s ring cut into my palm in my closed fist and my head was in some invisible vice. If I wasn’t careful, I was going to lose what little food I had in my stomach.
“Sneaky fucking fairies!” I yelled at the ceiling. My heart pounded against my ribs as I walked back into the kitchen. I took a swig of soda as if it was something stronger, slamming the can back down the counter. I felt Artemis twining around my ankles, having come out of hiding when the tiny fires had stopped. I bent down and picked him up, holding him against my chest and burying my face in his fur.
He was purring, a deep rumbling that calmed me as he rubbed his face against mine.  “Mrrrow.”
“Yes, I know,” I replied with a dramatic sigh. “I know I have to go get him.” I set him back on the counter by his half-empty bowl so that he could finish his breakfast. “I have to do something about this hangover first. No way I’m dealing with fairies feeling like this.” I started pulling out spelling supplies.
***
A couple of hours and a two headache charms later, I was standing in the middle of Carraway Park at the stithen of the fairy mound. There was no door or archway or anything that told me how to get inside the mound. I wandered around the raised earth, careful of the toadstool rings and clover flowers that were scattered around the area. The last thing I needed was to piss off another fairy.
“Um,” I said, clearing my throat. “Hello?” My voice was weak, but part of me really didn’t want anyone to answer me. I turned on the spot, checking behind me for anyone, but when I turned back around, I ran right into a man, knocking myself back on my butt.
“Ms. Kavanagh, I presume?” the tall, silver-eyed fairy said, not bothering to offer me a hand to help me up.
“Yeah,” I said, biting off the word as I climbed back to my feet, dusting grass off of my jeans and straightening the strap of my bag.
“This way,” he said, gesturing to the high archway that led to a dark tunnel into the ground that wasn’t there a moment before. Without waiting for me, he turned and headed into the dark.
“Awesome,” I said, taking a deep breath to fortify myself before I followed him in.
Once inside the tunnel, the opening closed behind me without so much as a rumble. One moment it was there and the next gone. I tried not to think about how I was going to get out of there as I followed the ever helpful fairy man in front of me.
I expected to have to walk for miles before I ever reached my destination, but after just a few moments, we were walking into a grand throne room. I had to wonder if the short trip wasn’t some magical illusion, the realm just shifting around me. Our steps echoed in the nearly empty room. The ceilings soared high overhead, dripping with twinkling lights and vines of night blooming jasmine that perfumed the air. At the far end were two rather subdued thrones.
I expected huge, ornate things that glittered with huge spires reaching for the ceiling. Instead, the Lord and Lady sat in two low, backless wooden chairs. They almost looked like naturally shaped tree stumps with curving armrests. The only thing grand about them was that they were raised on a dais, so though they sat low, they were still above their audience.
My escort moved to the side, melting away and leaving me to approach the formidable fairies all by myself. I could feel the twinge of pain growing in my jaw, inching up to my temple. I opened my mouth to flex my jaw, trying to loosen the muscle and relieve the pain. I gripped the strap of my bag with both hands, clutching it in front of my chest like some sort of shield. Stopping a few feet from the bottom step of the dais, I was at a loss as to what to do. They weren’t my royalty, but I felt the compulsion to curtsey or bow my head tugging at me.
I lifted my chin slightly, refusing to be cowed by the matching pair of black eyes bearing down on me. Willow, the Lady of Dunhallow, lifted her chin in return, staring down at me, the sharp line of her pointed nose a perfect right angle on her face. Stoirm, the Lord, was a black cloud of anger at her side. He sat forward in his chair. His elbows flared out to the sides, braced on the curved armrests, his silvery brows drawn together over his black, endless eyes.
Locked in a three way staring war, I knew they were waiting for me to speak first, possibly to throw myself at their feet and grovel, beg for their forgiveness. Well, they were going to have a long time to wait then. I had nothing to beg for; I hadn’t done a damn thing wrong and they were just going to have to get over themselves. The throb was growing in my jaw again, but something inside of me said if I broke the eye contact, took a moment to work my jaw apart again, I would lose this battle. Somehow I would appear weak before them, and then they would have me in their little mind game trap. I’d let my head split open from the throb before I let that happen.
“Ms. Kavanagh,” Lady Willow said so suddenly that I nearly fell forward on my face. I took the chance to nod, ducking my face to recover from my look of surprise, but I didn’t trust my voice, so I kept my mouth shut.
“I understand you are still refusing to tell us what you have done with our son,” Lord Stoirm demanded, his voice tumble of gravel and rocks.
“Wait, what?” I blanched, blinking stupidly at them.
“Understand there is nothing you can say that will appease my husband’s anger,” Willow said as she rose to her feet, her gossamer gown sweeping around her as she moved to edge of the dais.
“No, I mean,” I held up my hands, as if I could stop her from coming any closer, my eyes darting back and forth between her and Stoirm, “I don’t have your son, I swear.”
“Ms. Kavanagh,” Willow said, taking one step down from the dais, drawing my attention back to her. She moved down the steps like a fog drifting over the still surface of a lake. When I blinked again, she was in front of me, towering over me, her dark eyes snapping with trapped lightning. “You do understand the dangers of lying to the fae, don’t you?” She placed one finger under my chin, tilting my face up to look into her eyes. The sharp point of her nail pressed into the soft flesh under my chin, threatening to cut me open.
“Yes,” I managed around a swallow, trying to speak around the lump forming in my throat. “I’m not stupid. I wouldn’t lie to you. I don’t have Roane, but I know you have Owen.”
Willow stared down at me, her face going unnaturally still in that way that only the immortals could manage. It was as if you could see the exact moment when their hearts stopped beating and the blood in their veins froze. Only her eyes remained alive and I dared not look away from her. Willow had the power to grind me into a fine dust in the palm of her hand. If she willed it, she could turn me inside out and trap me in my own flesh, never dying, always suffering.
I could feel my vision going soft at the edges as I stared into the black depths of Willow’s eyes. The room around me faded away as I pitched forward and fell into her gaze and everything went black as my body became weightless. 
“I see,” she said, breaking the spell and bringing me back to reality. The floor was hard under my feet and my bag was a weight on my shoulder again. Willow turned, taking her finger away from my chin. My heart was a rabbit trapped in my chest when I finally remembered how to breathe. I didn’t even mind the sting of pain under my chin when her nail pricked my skin; I was just happy that she was no longer touching me.
“She is telling the truth?” Stoirm asked as his wife climbed the steps to rejoin him at his side.
“It appears that way,” she said, sweeping the train of her gown out of her way before lowering her body bonelessly into her seat.
“But she is the one that caught Raegan,” Stoirm pressed, turning his body to face Willow.
“Yes,” she agreed.
“No,” I cried out, making the mistake of taking a step forward. Willow’s head whipped around toward me, power snapping around her body like live wire caught in a puddle of water. Her eyes were wide and wild, her fingers curling into the armrests of her chair, and I suddenly couldn’t move. A weight pressed into my chest, constricting my lungs until I couldn’t breathe. I managed a small whimper, a tiny noise begging for mercy.
When Willow released me, I fell to the floor with a gasp. I braced my hands on the cool marble floor, feeling the prick of tears building behind my closed eyes. I needed to get the hell out of here; every second I spent here I was risking my life and sanity. I could feel the lump of the jar in my bag that held my knockout powder. It was strong enough to take down an ogre, but I didn’t think I was fast enough to get it out and use it before either of the maniacal fairies in front of me stopped me.
“I did not catch your daughter,” I breathed, pushing back to sit on my feet. The room was spinning a little too much for me to attempt to stand just yet.
“Ms. Kavanagh, I warned you about lying to us,” Willow said, raising her hand.
“No, no, no,” I begged, “yes, fine, I brewed the damn spell that was used to catch Rae, but you have you believe me, I had no idea that bridge-dweller was planning on catching the Princess. I am so sorry. If I had known, I would never have done it.”
The tears spilled over, running hot and salty over my cheeks to drip onto the floor. I hated myself a little bit just then. I scrubbed my cheeks with the sleeve of my coat, trying to keep from smearing my mascara.
“So you admit it then,” Willow said, letting her hand, and whatever punishment she had building in her fingers, drop.
“No, Jimmy caught Rae,” I said, finally pushing to my feet, happy that the room stayed in place when I did. “But I did make the charm. That’s all I’ll own.”
“That is enough,” Stoirm said. I pressed my lips together. There was nothing I could say that would change their minds about my guilt, no matter how many technicalities I tried to argue.
“Matilda Kavanagh,” Willow said, her voice ringing through the room, “you are in our debt for the danger you placed our daughter in. For that we have called on you to repay this debt by returning our son, Roane, to us.”
“But I don’t have him,” I said, feeling the fight drain out of me. It was stupid of me to come here; I wish I’d just stayed home. But I knew, if I had stayed home, they would have come for me eventually, and I didn’t want them in my home.
“Then you will have to find him. If you do not, we will resolve the debt in a manner we find satisfactory,” Willow said coolly, turning her head to rest her chin on the very tips of her fingers, looking at me sideways. I had a feeling she wasn’t just talking about my life or Owen’s. By the look in Stoirm’s eye, he was planning on taking both our lives to even the scale.
“I offered that dude,” I waved uselessly behind me, “to make him a seeking spell to find Roane, but he said no.”
“You are welcome to make a seeking spell,” Willow said, turning her face to look at me again. I wished she wouldn’t.
“Great, I just need something of Roane’s and I can have it brewed tonight,” I said, a wash of relief flooding through me. “You can send that guy back to my apartment and I’ll give it to him. When you find Roane, you can let Owen go.” I was walking backward, back the way I’d come, and was just about to turn around and run when Willow stopped me with a word.
“No,” she said simply, but her voice rang through the room, reverberating up my legs through the floor. I stopped and turned back around to face her, feeling as though she was going to be right behind me when I did. I was more than a little surprised to see that she hadn’t moved an inch.
“No?” I asked.
“No,” Willow repeated. “Oh, you can make your little seeking spell, if that’s what you have to do to find our son, but we will not be doing your work for you.”
“Toads,” I cursed under my breath, gripping the strap of my bag, twisting it in my fists. “Yeah, fine.”
“Roane has been missing for three days,” Willow said.
“Only three days?” I blanched, interrupting her. Stoirm shot me a look, and if he could’ve cut me down with his eyes to lie bloody on his floor, he would have. I mumbled an apology, dropping my eyes.
“Yes, three days,” Willow said. “I understand that doesn’t seem like an inordinate amount of time to someone like you. However, Roane has never refused to answer our call before. If our son was on some sort of holiday but safe, he would have sent word.”
“Oh,” I said, not knowing what else to say.
“Now,” Willow said, drawing my eyes back up to meet hers. “What do you need to get this accomplished?”
“I have no idea.” The words were out of my mouth before I could stop them. But it was true; I had no idea where to start or what to do.
“You said you needed something of Roane’s to track him,” Willow offered, speaking very slowly as if she were talking to someone with a mental deficiently. “Perhaps that is where you should begin?”
“Uh, yeah,” I said, “yeah, that would be good. Can you tell me where to find Roane’s token? If I could get that, it’ll be no problem finding him.”
“Do you really believe we haven’t already exhausted that option?” Stoirm glared down at me, his fingers mottled as he gripped the armrest, holding himself in place.
“They took his token? Why didn’t you just say so?”
“You did not ask,” Willow said. I had to bite my tongue to hold back what I wanted to say; even with their son’s life at risk, they were still playing their ridiculous games.
“Fine. Tell me where the damn thing was then. If I need to, I can go out there later and see if I can find the signature of the person who stole it.”
Willow and Stoirm shared a look, the brief and fleeting flutter of a butterfly’s wings, but it was enough to tell me they didn’t really want me to know where Roane’s token had been. I guessed more than one fairy token was out there.
“You might want to find different locations for everyone’s tokens,” I said with a shake of my head, earning another flesh-searing glare from Stoirm.
“The location will be delivered to you should you need it,” Willow said, though it sounded as though it pained her to agree to it. “Anything else?” Willow arched her dark eyebrows at me.
“Well, this is probably going to take up a lot of my time,” I said, letting my words trail off as I tried to screw up the courage to say the rest.
“Yes?”
“So, I probably won’t be able to take on a lot of my regular clients, and I’ll probably have to buy some supplies and travel.” I swallowed, positive they could hear it even at this distance.
“Money,” Willow said it as though the word were something filthy, obscene.
“Yes, money,” I said, lifting my chin in the air, taking courage from her offense.
“I believe you were paid to cast the spell that caught our daughter,” Stoirm said, his voice like rocks pelting my skin, making me flinch.
“Of course I was,” I said through gritted teeth. “It was a job and I don’t work for free.”
“Interesting that you don’t want to take the blame for catching our daughter, but you don’t deny taking money for what you did,” Willow said, turning her face to look at her husband. His pale skin was starting to run red, the crimson blush creeping all the way up to his dark hairline. Willow laid one delicate hand on his wrist, and he slumped back. It was only then that I realized he was getting ready to come out of his seat.
“Look, I’m not going to get caught up in your fairy word games, all right?” I said, squaring my shoulders. “You’re not going to trick me into saying something that’ll screw me over.”
Willow pursed her lips as she considered me. I could almost watch the play of thoughts race through her eyes. Stoirm however, was an open book; tiny beads of sweat were actually forming on his reddening forehead. I don’t think I had ever seen a Fae lose their cool before. A low buzzing broke the silence, and I felt my phone vibrate inside my bag, against my thigh.
“Whoa, you get a signal down here?” I asked, unable to help myself. I dug into my bag and saw Joey’s bright face on my screen. I rejected her call and shoved the phone back into the depths of my bag, turning my attention back up to the waiting Lord and Lady.
“Well?” I asked. My patience had finally run out and, with it, my fear. If they wanted to kill me, they would have done it by now, but here I was, still alive and breathing.
“Very well,” Willow said. “A payment will be delivered to your home later today, but only half. You will receive the other half when we have our son.”
“Have you considered the possibility that Roane might be, I mean, I don’t know, but there’s always the chance he could already be,” I huffed out a breath and finally said the taboo word, “dead.”
“You better pray that he is not,” Stoirm hissed.
“Right, of course,” I said, “but…”
“I think we are finished here,” Willow said. She lifted a hand and beckoned to someone behind me. The fae that had escorted me into the room materialized out of the shadows at the back of the room. “Fallon will escort you to Roane’s chambers so that you can retrieve something of his to perform your little spell.”
I glanced over my shoulder and watched the tall fairy approach, stopping a few feet away from me. He didn’t even flick his eyes my way. Apparently I wasn’t worth noticing. Maybe it was how short I was? I turned back to ask the Lord and Lady about Owen, to see if I could bargain for his freedom, but their thrones were empty, and only Fallon behind me and I remained in the audience hall.
“I guess we really are finished,” I said, shaking my head. I turned around to face Fallon, tucking my hair behind my ears. “All right, Chuckles, looks like it’s just you and me. Lead the way.”
I made a sweeping gesture and bowed at the waist. I don’t know if it was the flourish or the new nickname, but Fallon finally deigned to look at me, even if it was with an arched brow and the faintest curl to his upper lip. With a sniff nod, he turned on his booted heel and stormed out of the room, not waiting to see if I was following him.
I had to practically jog to keep up with Fallon’s long-legged strides, just another reminder what a bitch it was to be five-foot-three. Fallon led me through a twisting maze of halls until I was panting and a fine sheen of sweat had formed on my forehead and I was suddenly wishing I hadn’t grabbed my jacket on the way out of the door.
Eventually Fallon’s pace slowed as we approached an ornate wooden door. It was as dark as the earthen walls surrounding it. Intricate carvings decorated it in the formation of an aged tree with roots that disappeared into the bottom of the door while the leaves faded into the top.
I bent over at the waist, pressing one hand into my side where a stitch had formed, while I tried to catch my breath. I glanced up to give Fallon a piece of my mind when I caught him smirking down at me. Anger boiled inside of me, a white hot heat that stole whatever curses where about to fly out of my mouth. With another sniff, he faced the door again and touched the door with his fingertips. Within the depths of the wood, I heard a catch release just before the door swung open. I had a feeling only a fairy’s touch could’ve performed that little trick.
“’Scuse me, Chuckles,” I mumbled as I shoved passed him, hip checking him out of my way as I stepped through the door. I heard him mumble something equally flattering to me before he turned around and stormed off, leaving me alone, surprisingly enough. I mumbled a few more choice compliments for Chuckles before I yanked the strap of my bag over my head and practically threw it on the floor.
“Whoa,” I said, stopping mid-motion as I was unbuttoning my jacket, finally taking a second to look around the room. My entire apartment would fit inside of Roane’s room and then some. I made a mental note to let the fairies know that my going rate was double what it really was.
Roane had decorated his room in human-teenager-chic. There were dozens of rock band posters plastered on one wall; so many they had started to overlap each other like some sort of psychotic collage of black and white. His bed, a enormous California king-sized bed, was draped in black, from the sheets to the pillow cases to the comforter. There was a massive desk taking up one whole corner of the room that was covered in computer monitors and keyboards. The blue light cast a haunted glow to that edge of the room. There was clothing just everywhere. I don’t think I’d ever owned that much clothing in my entire life.
I picked my way through the room, going for the desk first since it appeared to be the place he spent most of his time, if the clutter was anything to go by. One monitor was frozen on a scene of some multiplayer role-playing game, his character a tiny waif of a human archer, sitting alone in a tavern. I glanced at the next monitor and blinked twice before reaching out to shut it off.
“Thanks, Roane, like I needed to see two nymphs in that position,” I whispered, trying to shake off the image, hoping it wouldn’t be the thing I saw every time I closed my eyes for the next month.
The third monitor had no screens open and was conspicuously showing a mundane desktop. I grabbed the mouse and pulled up the web browser, checking his recent history. Unsurprisingly, he’d cleared it for the last month.
“Of course, cuz that’s more important than turning off the porn.” I blew a stray strand of hair out of my face and closed the browser, sure the clue I’d need was hidden in its depths, but I knew very little about computers, so it was a lost cause.
There was nothing on the desk that was personal enough to use for a seeking spell. Oh sure, he used the keyboard and mouse enough to leave an imprint, but they weren’t important to him, so they wouldn’t work. I walked over to his dresser and found his collection of goth-rocker jewelry. Practically everything was black leather and spikes.
I shuffled through the spiked cuffs, wallets with various sized chains, and silver earrings, many in the shapes of daggers and fangs, but nothing called out to me. I was just going to give up and start pawing through his clothing when I saw the tiny trinket box, nearly lost among the mess. Hidden inside was a simple silver ring.
There was nothing special about it at all, no engravings, no designs, nothing, but it was obvious by the smoothed edges and slightly lopsided shape that he wore it almost every single day. It was even warm to the touch, as if part of Roane’s inner magic was hidden inside of the one metal fairies could touch. It was so much like Owen’s ring, on a string around my neck right now, that my breath caught for a moment. I swallowed past the lump in my throat and pushed those feelings down.
“Gotcha,” I whispered, dropping the ring back into the box and closing it with a snap before stashing it in my bag. I could feel my phone vibrating again as I slung my bag over my head. Situating the strap across my chest, I bent over to pick up my jacket. Digging into my bag with my free hand, I found my phone. I had just missed another call from Joey.
“If it’s important, leave a message,” I said to the now still phone before dropping it back into my bag. I took one last glance around the room, wondering briefly if I should grab one more item as a backup plan. I dismissed the thought with a shrug and turned back to the door.
“Okay,” I called out as I approached the door that was still ajar. “I’m done. Can I go now?” I stepped out of Roane’s bedroom and found myself back in the park, standing on the mound. I heard the door swinging shut behind me, but when I turned around, it disappeared before I ever heard it close.
“Guess that’s that then,” I said, shrugging my bag into a more comfortable position before heading out of the park.

Chapter 6
 “So what are you going to do?” Ronnie asked as she counted the money from the cash register. The store was in half-light as she’d already pulled the blinds and turned the open sign to close. I sat on the other side of the counter, spinning Roane’s lopsided ring on the glass countertop, my bag of spelling supplies on the floor by my feet.
“Try for the seeking spell,” I said with a shrug. “But I mean, if the Dunhallows can’t find him with all their powers, I don’t know how they expect me to do it.”
“I’m not sure they actually expect you to,” Ronnie said darkly as she stacked coins into orderly columns.
“I don’t either, really,” I said, covering the ring with my hand to stop its spin before I put it back into the trinket box. “I feel like a mouse caught by a cat that’s just batting me around until it finally gets bored and then…” I dragged my thumb across my throat and make a squelching noise.
“You still have to at least try,” Ronnie said as she wrote something in her notebook before sweeping the coins into a zippered pouch.
“Oh, I’m gonna try,” I said. “I’m just not sure how much it’ll do.”
“Give yourself more credit,” she said as she dropped the pouch into the safe under the counter before moving on to the stack of bills. I couldn’t help the pang of envy I felt at the sight of the money. If only I’d had the ability to open a shop like this when I was twenty. But I wouldn’t begrudge Ronnie her success; it was her grandmother’s shop and she only got it after the old woman had died. Not exactly the nicest way to get something, and I’m sure Ronnie would give up the shop and all the money if it meant having her grandmother back.
“I’m not saying my spells don’t work,” I said, tearing my thoughts away from the money and Ronnie’s family life. “I’m just saying there’s something a lot stronger at work here than me if two Higher Fae can’t reach their own son, their blood. You know?”
“Yeah,” Ronnie said, dropping the second zippered envelope into the safe before turning the crank that dropped the deposits into a lower level that could only be accessed by Ronnie’s secret code and thumbprint that would break the freezing spell she’d set on it.
“Do you have any leads?” Ronnie asked as she straightened up. She grabbed her purse and slung it over her shoulder before coming around to my side of the counter.
“Just one,” I said, bending over to drop the box with Roane’s ring in it inside my messenger bag. I grabbed the strap and the handles of my shopping bag, but before I could stand up straight, Owen’s ring slipped out from the collar of my shirt, swinging wide on the cord it hung from.
“What’s that?” Ronnie demanded, but her tone told me she was sure she knew what it was.
“Nothing.” I dropped my shopping bag and clutched the ring in my fist, trying to hide it as I stuffed it back into my shirt.
“Nothing my ass,” Ronnie said, her hand shooting out to grab the cord and pull the ring out of my shirt again.
“Ronnie, leave it.”
“Is that the ring you gave Owen?” Ronnie demanded, still holding on to the ring.
“Don’t worry about it,” I said, prying her fingers open and turning away from her so I could tuck it away.
“Mattie,” Ronnie said as I bent to pick up my shopping bag again. I turned away from her and started for the front door. “Mattie!” she called out behind me, and I could hear her rapid steps as she rushed to catch up to me. She stopped me with a hand on my shoulder.
“Ronnie, please,” I said with a sigh. I reached for the handle of the door, but before I could get it open, Ronnie was in front of me, pressing her body into the door to keep it shut.
“Owen?” she demanded, leaning toward me. “You’re doing this for Owen?”
“No,” I said, letting go of the handle to cross my arms over my chest. “I am doing this to stay alive.”
“Then what’s with that?” She waved at my chest. “Where did that come from? I know you haven’t had it this whole time.”
“No, I haven’t,” I agreed, averting my eyes. “They sent it to me.”
“What?”
“The Dunhallows,” I said, looking her in the eye again, “when they sent me that letter, the ring was in the envelope.”
“Oh,” she said, her finely manicured eyebrows drawing together. “I thought maybe Owen had given it to you when he showed up that night.”
“No, I guess he didn’t make it home that night, and the Dunhallows thought threatening me with him would get me to do their bidding.” I sighed and turned around to lean against the door next to Ronnie, tilting my head back and closing my eyes.
“What? Like threatening your life wasn’t enough to get you to do it?”
“Eh,” I shrugged against the door, “maybe they thought I could perform a protection spell for myself against them, but if they already had someone important to me who they could kill, then I couldn’t say no, right?”
“Important to you?” Ronnie said, rounding on me. “What the hell do you mean important to you?”
“Of course that’s the part you grab on to,” I muttered. “You know what I mean, Ron.”
“No, I don’t, Mattie,” she argued, leaning into my space again. “You’re risking your life for a man who broke your heart. Are you freaking kidding me right now?”
“Ronnie, I am not risking my life for Owen, okay?” I took a deep breath, trying to calm the rising anger inside of me. “I know what Owen did to me; you don’t need to remind me. They’re gonna kill me if I don’t find Roane, alive no less. They just thought they’d threaten me with Owen, but that’s not why I’m doing this.”
“So why are you wearing that?” Ronnie asked, cocking an eyebrow at me.
“Because,” I started to say, but the words died in my throat. I lifted my free hand and placed it over my chest where the ring was hidden, feeling the cool metal pressing into my skin. I had no reason to wear the ring other than I wanted to. But why did I want to? I’d given Owen the ring when we were together and laid a protection charm into it because I loved him and wanted him to be safe. Then Owen had ripped my heart out and showed it to me before he walked out on me for another woman. Granted, that woman had the ability to control his free will, but if he’d never gone to see her that first time and shared blood with her that one last time, we might still be together to this day.
I squeezed my eyes shut, feeling the first prickling of tears, and shook my head, sending the tips of my hair swirling around my jaw. I didn’t need to follow that train of thought; I’d ridden that ride one too many times already.
“Because I wanted to and I’m an idiot,” I said after I was sure I could speak clearly. I dropped my hand, suddenly wanting to rip the cord from around my neck and throw the ring away. I waited for Ronnie to bawl me out again, tell me just how big of an idiot I was and that maybe I should look into a spell powerful enough to protect me from the Fae and forget about Owen and his fate, like he’d done to me. But she never did. I opened my eyes to see my best friend staring at me, a look of sympathy, not pity, on her face.
I lifted one shoulder in a half-shrug and she nodded at me. Ronnie had had her heart broken once or twice herself. Sometimes you just do stupid things when you’re hurting, and no amount of logic or lectures was going to get you to see straight.
“Besides,” I said, “I think maybe Theo has Roane, and if she does, I’d like to be the one that catches her and gets to shove her into the oven and watch her burn.”
“Whoa, are you serious?” Ronnie blinked her wide brown eyes at me.
“Dead serious.”
“Well then,” Ronnie said with a slow grin, “why didn’t you say so in the first place?”
I gave her a quick nod and Ronnie reached out to link her arm through mine. She pulled the door open and led us out into the night. There were only a couple of hours left before sunrise. The sky to the East was already a lighter, brighter shade of indigo and the stars were starting to wink out. Ronnie pulled the huge metal grate down and locked it to the ground before setting her freezing spell. She’d offered to help me with the spells to start looking for Roane and, after the last couple of nights, I wasn’t in the mood to turn down any help I could get. I was just glad my best friend was a tricky witch like me and just as vindictive.
***
An hour later, Roane’s ring was steeping in a porcelain cup of wintergreen and vervain tea while Ronnie and I sat at my kitchen table inscribing talismans for protection and munching on some brownies. So far I’d been visited by both fairies and vampires. I could no longer act like this wasn’t a big deal.
Ronnie got up with a bundle of the charms in one hand and started to move about the apartment, setting or hanging them in each corner. When she’d set the last one, I felt the rush of power ring the apartment as the circle of protection was formed.
“Want me to get the ones outside?” Ronnie asked as I finished with the last wooden disk.
“No,” I said, pushing away from the table and gathering up the talismans. “I’ll do it, but could you put in the nails in the windows?”
“Sure, where’s your hammer?”
“Last drawer on the right.” I nodded to the kitchen before heading out the front door. The iron nails in the window frames and door threshold would keep the Fae from crossing into my home, but they wouldn’t do a damn thing to keep the vampires out. Unfortunately, I hadn’t ever had a chance to rescind Owen’s invitation into my home, so he could still come and go as he pleased. Any vampire that had shared blood with him carried the same charm, which meant Theo could waltz into my apartment whenever she wanted. Not that I thought she ever left her lair; last I knew, she hadn’t left her lair in over fifty years.
But Owen, her pet, was gone, and technically it was my fault, so she just might make an exception for me. The next time Owen was anywhere near my apartment building, I would have to make sure to rescind his invitation, no matter how much his blue eyes might still sparkle when he smiled.
“Stop it, Mattie,” I grumbled as I stalked down the hallway to the elevator. I pushed the call button, and while I waited, I wedged the first talisman under the metal threshold until only a tiny sliver of the disk still showed. The elevator binged softly just before the doors opened. The ride down was a rickety one, I always assumed that someday the cables would snap and someone, hopefully not me, would have a five-second ride to the basement with an unhappy ending. There was nowhere inconspicuous that I could set one of the talismans inside the deathtrap, but I figured just outside on my floor and some on the lobby should have me covered.
I stepped out of the elevator with that familiar wash of relief that I had made it out alive. I jammed another talisman under the metal threshold just before the elevator, managing to drop the handful I was holding. I scrambled to pick them up, tucking them into the pouch pocket of my sweatshirt. I swiveled this way and that on the balls of my feet until tiny prickles of pain shot through my legs from being crouched too long. When I stood back up with a groan, I nearly fell back on my ass.
“For the love of toads!” I cursed, my hand flying to my chest to keep my heart from bursting free. “Frankie, you scared the crap out of me!” The Were woman was standing right behind me, towering over me, her eyes snapping with poorly concealed contempt.
“Mattie,” she said, drawing out my name. “What are you doing?” I opened my mouth to answer her, but no sound came out. Should I just tell her the truth? Would she care or would she make me take the talismans back to my apartment after giving me a good smack for jamming one into the elevator threshold?
I blinked up at her, staring into her golden eyes that reminded me how close we were to the full moon. Her nostrils flared as she breathed in the scent of my fear. Her spikey blue hair was crayon red today.
“Mattie,” she prompted, arcing one red brow at me, tipping her head toward me.
“Sorry,” I whispered. Clearing my throat, I said, “Listen, I’ve pissed off some people, so I’m just putting some protection talismans in the building, you know, to keep ‘em out. I hope that’s cool.” The words rushed out of me so fast I wasn’t sure even I followed what I said. After a moment, Frankie furrowed her brow at me and leaned back, out of my personal space.
“Oh,” she said, “yeah whatever.” She waved her hand in the air, her finely manicured nails catching in the light. “Just don’t, you know, put anything permanent anywhere.”
“Wait,” I said, sure I had misheard her. “It’s okay? Really?”
“Honestly, Mattie, I don’t care,” she said with a shake of her head. She reached around me and pushed the call button for the elevator. The sound of the gears grinding in protest echoed into the lobby, the wheels screeching the arrival of the car.
“Great,” I managed just as the doors opened behind me. I jumped to get out of her way before Frankie pushed past me. “Thanks, Frankie.”
“Whatever,” she said with an eye roll before turning her attention to her cellphone as the doors slid closed. Only then did my heart finally settle back into my chest at a normal rate. A small laugh bubbled out of me. I rushed to place the talismans in the four corners of the lobby before taking the stairs to the street entrance. It was strange doing all of this without worrying about Frankie literally biting my head off. Maybe it was the proximity of the full moon coming that made her not care about me and my drama. Whatever it was, I was grateful for it.
At the bottom of the stairs, I jammed the last two talismans under the wooden threshold of the front door and whispered a banishing spell, feeling the power vibrate in the wood as the spell locked into place. Feeling a tiny bit better, I blew out a breath and headed back up to my apartment to check on Ronnie and the progress she was making with the nails in the windows.
I could hear the hammering as soon as I stepped out of the elevator. I was just grateful all of our neighbors where supernatural and probably still awake at four o’clock in the morning. The door stuck when I tried to open it.
“Hey, Ronnie,” I called out, pressing my face to the crack of the door, “a little help here.”
“Sorry,” she called back before she rushed over, the hammer dangling at her side. She pushed the door shut, nearly catching my nose in the process. I cursed, but the word was lost in the sudden hammering on the other side of the door. When the hammering stopped, the door opened easily, swinging right over the now flush nail head.
“There we go,” Ronnie said with a bright grin, clearly proud of her carpentry work.
“Um, thanks,” I said, staring down at the chaotic pattern of at least a dozen nails along the entryway.
“What?” Ronnie said, following my gaze to the floor.
“Nothing, its fine.” I shook my head, deciding it wasn’t that big of a deal.
“What?” Ronnie asked again, following me into the kitchen where I saw she had used the same psychotic abandon when nailing the windows. A couple of the nails were bent and some were sticking out every which way. It was a wonder that she got any of them flush.
“How’s the ring doing?” I asked, refusing to answer her since she was, after all, staying up late to help me.
“Good,” Ronnie said, setting the hammer on the counter. “But that kind of charm needs to brew for at least a full twenty four hours.”
“That long?”
“Not a minute less.”
“Great, guess I have some time to kill then.”
Walking over to the tea cup, I picked it up by the saucer it rested on and moved it to the window sill, letting the last few moon beams and the first rays of the sun infuse it. 
“Did you set the charms on the nails yet?” I asked Ronnie.
“No, not yet.” She slid the hammer back into the drawer, but I knew, as soon as she was at work tomorrow night, I’d be going over all of her nails. “Figured it’s your house, you should do it.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” I said, rubbing my eyes until I could see spots behind my eyelids, not caring about smudging my makeup. The long, stressful night was finally starting to catch up to me.
“So you realize that won’t be ready when you wake up tomorrow, right?” Ronnie said, pointing at the teacup.
“You mean when I wake up later today?” I said with a smirk. “Yes, I know.” I jammed my hands into the pouch pocket of my sweatshirt and rested against the counter.
“So what are you gonna do in the meantime?”
“I’m gonna try to get some sleep, that’s for sure.” I glanced at my cupboards and wondered if I had any leftover sleeping stones or if I’d given them all to Whelan.
“And then?” Ronnie asked.
“I was actually thinking of trying to find Theo’s lair.”
“Seriously?”
“Well, if she’s got Roane, I might as well, right?”
“And if you find it?”
“I’m gonna ask her for Roane back.”
“What makes you think she’d just hand him over?”
“Because of Owen,” I said. “Maybe she doesn’t realize they’ve taken him. I think if she knew, she’d do what she could to get him back.”
“I’d think she’d be angry if she knew they’d taken him.”
“Which is why I don’t think she knows they have him,” I said. I pushed away from the counter and started looking through my cabinets. “I think if she did know, we would’ve seen it on the news by now. You know, crazed vampires attack the sacred fairy mound of Carraway Park,” I said in my best, cheesiest news anchor voice.
“True,” Ronnie said in a distant voice, her eyes having gone soft as if she were picturing the news cast. “Well, don’t go charging off on your own, okay? Please let me know before you do anything…” Her voice trailed off, but I knew what word she wanted to use.
“I’ll try, but we’re dealing with the immortals here,” I said, giving up my search for the stones, realizing I had in fact given all of them to Whelan. “Pretty much anything is gonna seem kinda stupid.”
“Probably right,” she sighed, bending over to retrieve her purse. “Just try to be careful at least.”
“I will,” I said. Just as I turned for the door, there was a knock and then a muttered curse behind the door. Ronnie and I shared a look before I walked carefully to the door. I could hear the grumbling through the wood. I lifted up on my toes and pressed my eye to the peephole.
“Who is it?” I demanded. There were two men outside, both very tall and thin. One had shoulder length sandy blond hair shot through with white highlights and the other had waist length, jet black hair – he was the one cursing, staring at his balled up fist. At my words, they both looked up, as though they could see me through the door. Their bright eyes gave them away as fae more than anything else.
“A delivery from the Lord and Lady of Dunhallow,” Blondie said, holding up an envelope with my name scrawled in red lettering across the front, just like the first envelope, and a brown leather pouch. My shoulders sagged at the sight of it. Had they really thought to pay me in gold or jewels? Really? That was such a pain to convert.
“Wonderful,” I muttered, falling back to my heels and turning the locks before I opened the door. The black-haired one was glaring at me, holding one hand close to his chest. The knuckles were blistered and bleeding.
“Ironwood?” Blondie asked, tilting his head toward his friend.
“No,” I said, pointing at the doorframe and the haphazard pattern of iron nails. “Nails.”
“Thanks for the bloody warning,” the injured one said. If he could have cut me down with a look, I would have died on the spot.
“Hey, I didn’t know you guys would come knocking. Last time, someone just slipped an envelope under the door and took off,” I said, placing one hand on my hip while holding the door with the other.
“Well, we couldn’t really slip this under the door,” Blondie said, jiggling the pouch in his hand, making the contents clink against each other. It sounded like the shifting of gold coins.
“Yeah, about that,” I said, nodding toward the pouch. “What’s in there?”
“Your retainer.”
“No, I got that; I mean, what’s the currency?”
“Fairy gold,” Blondie said, making my eyebrows shoot up. Fairy gold was very, very valuable, more valuable than the gold found in our world, but it was also very susceptible to charms and enchantments. I could take that pouch of gold, accept it as a valid payment, and then wake up in the evening and have every piece disappear while I was asleep. Or, worse yet, take the gold to the bank to convert to paper money and watch as it evaporated as I tried to walk out with the human money. And of course, then, my ass would be collared and in jail before I could blink.
“That’s just peachy,” I said, “but no.” I shook my head, refusing to reach out for the pouch.
“No?” The injured one blinked at me.
“No,” I repeated. “I want human currency. Not gold, not gems, and certainly not fairy gold from two pissed off royals.”
“You dirty little—” the injured one started, leaning toward me and dangerously close to the barrier created by the iron nails, but Blondie placed a hand on his shoulder to stop him.
“Very well,” Blondie said as he pulled his friend back. The very tips of his black hair swung too close to the barrier and sizzled, filling the air with the acrid scent of burning hair. That made him jump back, slapping at his hair, curses flying from his mouth. Blondie shared a look with me, and we both had to look away lest we burst out into laughter.
“Enough!” he said, turned on one booted heel, and stormed off down the hall for the elevator. I glanced up at Blondie again and shrugged.
“You’ll have to excuse him, he’s not used to being sent on errands and he doesn’t like to leave the Hill,” Blondie whispered to me.
“It’s fine,” I said with a wave of my hand.
“Well then, human currency, if you’re sure?”
“I am.”
“It may be a few days before the payment is delivered,” he warned me, tilting his head to the side as he eyed me.
“That’s fine, so long as I have your word that the payment will be delivered in the currency I’ve requested,” I said, choosing my words carefully.
“You have my word, Ms. Kavanagh,” he said, placing one hand to his chest just over his heart before bowing his head.
“Good enough for me then,” I said. “Sorry about your friend’s hand.”
He glanced down the hall, watching his friend tap his foot impatiently as he held the elevator door open. “He’ll live,” he said, rolling his eyes.
“Well, good night,” I said, taking a step to start to close the door. Blondie gave me one last nod, the light reflecting in his eyes until they looked like liquid gold. He bid me good night, and I found it difficult to close the door, but somehow I managed it.
“Wowza,” Ronnie said behind me, reminding me of her presence. “Can I answer the door next time?”
“I know, right?” I laughed, trying to catch my breath. I held up a finger for her to wait and pressed my ear to the door, listening until I heard the elevator bing before it started its shaky descent to the lobby.
“Coast clear?” Ronnie asked, and I nodded. “Remember what I said, okay? Please be careful.”
“I will,” I said, holding up three fingers on my right hand. “Witches honor.” Ronnie looked like she wanted to say something, but she clenched her jaw together and kept whatever else she might’ve said to herself. I was more than a little grateful for that because it had been a craptasticly horribly long night and I just didn’t have anything left in me to argue with. Ronnie gave me a tight hug and turned for the door.
With a sad look on her face, Ronnie went out the front door. I followed behind her and threw the many locks, setting freezing spells into each of them before I squatted down to place my fingers on the line of iron nails. I closed my eyes and whispered the incantation, feeling them grow warm under my fingers as the spell took. After I’d done the same to the all the windows, I finally gave over to the bone deep weariness, stumbled into my bedroom, and threw myself onto the bed. It wasn’t more than a minute before I fell into the sweet, black abyss.
***
When I woke, it was dark again, making me a little confused. I grabbed my phone to check the time and saw I’d missed two more calls from Joey. She still hadn’t left a voicemail though.
“Afraid to give him the potion, huh?” I asked as I cleared the notifications. Satisfied it really was seven o’clock at night, I rolled out of bed. After I’d showered and put myself together, I found Artemis waiting for me, tail twitching impatiently behind him. Once he was fed and plied with fresh cream, he let me leave without protest.
I grabbed my coat and a scarf since it was raining, knowing it would be much colder tonight than it had been lately. Frankie didn’t even spare me a glance as I walked through the lobby, but I would take her cool indifference to my existence than having those hard eyes turned on me. The full moon was tomorrow night, and I didn’t want to take any chances of pissing her off, so I didn’t even bother to wave at her before I rushed down the stairs and hit the door to the street.
Roane’s ring was going to take another five hours of steeping before I could pull it out of the teacup, but I didn’t want to just sit around my apartment and wait. Even if any customers came by, I would be too terrified to open the door in case they were vampire or fairy emissaries. The rain wasn’t substantial enough for an umbrella to make a difference. The moisture just hung in the air, clinging to the mascara on my eyelashes and making my hair feel heavy. But thank the gods I’d decided to wear jeans and boots; otherwise I might have caught my death of cold.
I was headed for The Brownie’s Bite. If anyone could help me find Theo’s lair, it was Fin; she knew everything and everyone supernatural in this town. A man held the door open for me as I approached, letting me keep my hands jammed in my jacket pockets. Smiling my thanks, I slipped inside, breathing a little easier as the warm air scented with roasting meat and fried foods surrounded me.
Scanning the restaurant, I wasn’t surprised to see it already crammed full of bodies, most eating their first meal of the evening. I made my way over to the counter and took a stool, catching Fin’s eye at the end of the counter. She nodded in my direction, letting me know she’d be with me in a minute. I peeled my gloves off and shoved them into my pocket, deciding not to strip my jacket or scarf off just yet.
I was scanning the menu when Fin ambled up to me. Her yellow brown eyes were almost lost in the crinkle of her smile as she slid a coffee cup in front of me and filled it from the carafe she was carrying.
“On your own tonight?” Fin asked by way of greeting.
“Yeah,” I nodded, tearing into a couple of sugar packets to add to the cup followed by an ample amount of cream.
“What’ll it be?”
“Pancakes with sausage,” I said. “And I wanted to bend your ear if you have a minute.” Fin had started to turn away, but stopped short, turning to look over her shoulder at me. She had no eyebrows, but I imagine she would’ve arched one at me if she could have.
“Oh?” she said, turning to face me again. “What about, might I ask?”
I leaned forward on my forearms on the counter to get closer to her and whispered, “I’m looking for Theodora’s lair. Thought maybe you could tell me where to find it.”
“You did, did you?” Fin replied, squinting at me as she considered my words. I bit my lip and watched her face, afraid that if I talked too much, she’d change her mind and keep her mouth shut; earthen fairies were a fickle bunch. She clicked her pen closed on the pad she’d written my order on only to click it open again.
“Link or patty?” Fin asked, confusing me for a second.
“What?”
“Your sausage.”
“Oh, right. Link.” She made a note on the pad and turned away from me. She tore off the order slip and stuck it in the kitchen window, hitting the bell and calling out for the cook’s attention. I slid back onto my chair, letting my shoulders fall. I wasn’t sure if she’d already decided against helping me, but I wasn’t exactly betting on it.
Cupping my coffee mug in my hands, I slid it across the counter, closer to me. The heat of the ceramic seeped into my fingers, turning my pale skin red. Fin came back over after refilling a few cups of coffee at the counter and gave me a squinty-eyed look. I stared back at her, unblinking.
“You have any idea what it would mean if someone found out I told someone else where to find vamps while they slept?” Fin asked, setting the steaming carafe on the counter before crossing her thin arms over her boney chest.
“Yes,” I said with a nod.
“Say I knew this information and say I told someone and then tomorrow night we’re all watching the news about a staking in the neighborhood.” She squinted harder, tilting her head toward me. “Imagine what that would do for business.”
“Fin,” I said, shaking my head, “I don’t want to stake anyone.” I’d dropped my voice to a whisper, though with so many supernaturals in the joint, it didn’t make much of a difference. I just had to hope no one was paying any attention to us.
“Then what?” she asked.
“Roane of Dunhallow has gone missing,” I said in the same hushed tone and watched as the skin on her forehead wrinkled in surprise. Fin took a step closer to the counter and leaned on it to hear me better. “The Dunhallows have taken Owen, Theo’s favorite.”
“And your ex,” Fin said pointedly.
“Yes,” I said through gritted teeth, “and my ex. Anyway, the fairies have Owen, and I think maybe the vamps have Roane. If I can find Roane, the Dunhallows will let Owen go.”
“If the fairies are holding a vamp in exchange for a fairy, don’t you think Theo would give up Roane?” Fin asked, pushing back away from the counter.
“Yes, I do, which is why I don’t think Theo knows that they have Owen. If I can find her lair, talk to her, I can tell her what a mistake she’s making.” I watched Fin as she weighed my words, deciding whether or not I was lying to her. She was right. If I was just trying to find Theo so I could act out some sort of scorned woman revenge and people found out Fin had been the one to lead me to Theo’s lair, she’d be the next target. Fin would be in the same sticky web I’d gotten myself into when I agreed to help Jimmy.
The cook hit the bell behind Fin, calling out my order. Fin turned away from me and grabbed the oblong plate. She slid it in front of me and fetched a small ceramic pitcher of warm maple syrup. When she set it in front of me, she said, “I’m not going to tell you where to find the lair.” My whole body deflated. “But you might still find out where to find it.”
“How?” I asked, perking up immediately like someone had pulled my strings.
“There.” She nodded her head to the booth in the far corner. I sat up on the stool, bracing my feet on the rungs to lift up a few inches. Craning my neck, I finally saw the booth full of pale-faced, darkly dressed vampires. They looked like teenagers and freshly turned, like they were still acting out their Hollywood fantasy of what vampires looked like.
“Oh, I see,” I said, sinking back down onto my seat.
“They’re young,” Fin said, and I nodded. “Persuadable,” she said with a tilt of her head.
“Yeah, I get you,” I said. I poured the syrup over my plate before placing one sausage link on a pancake. I rolled the pancake around the sausage like a taco, picked it up, and took a bite, staring down the way at the darkened booth. They were very obviously young, but I wasn’t stupid enough not to also realize just how dangerous they still were. Licking the syrup from my fingers, I pushed my plate away before slipping from the stool.
Walking through the crowded restaurant, I tried to think of a reason to approach them; telling them I wanted to find Theo’s lair wasn’t going to cut it. As soon as they knew I was looking for their master, they’d be on me like ants on a melting lollipop. I shook my head, trying to get that visual out of my mind before I got to the table. I had no idea what kinds of powers these vamps would have, but I didn’t want to stumble upon a mind reader and give them any tasty ideas.
Chewing my lip, I stood back a few feet, realizing I had let my imagination get away from me and hadn’t come up with a feasible excuse to approach the group of blood suckers. Go me.
“Can we help you?” one of the boys at the end of the curved bench seat asked. I blinked at him, feeling heat rush to my pale cheeks, making the two girls in the booth titter at my embarrassment. The boy who’d spoken to me arched one brown brow at me. He had warm honey brown eyes. The light of life hadn’t gone out of them yet – it probably wouldn’t for another fifty years or so of being undead. He had a kind face, his cheekbones were soft and curvy, not sharp and dangerous like you expected of a vampire dressed head to toe in black. At least he wasn’t wearing eyeliner.
“I, uh,” I stammered, still having no idea how to go about this.
“Looks like we’ve got ourselves another groupie,” one of the tittering girls said. She appeared to be the youngest turned of the group. She’d spray painted her hair a fire engine red, which made her pale blond eyebrows nearly disappear on her tiny face. She’d applied so much black eye shadow and eyeliner that it looked like she’d rubbed charcoal on her face. Rather than making her look dark and alluring like she hoped it would, it made her eyes seem tiny and beady like a rat’s. Her black lips were curled in a sneer and that made it easier to ignore her snide comments.
“Not a groupie, no,” I said, finally finding my voice.
“Then what’s up?” the first boy pressed. When I looked at him, the stitch that had formed in my chest eased and I was sure I could talk to him, that he’d be the one to listen.
“I’m looking for a friend of mine,” I said, the lie coming easily to my lips. “She went missing a few days ago and I think maybe she…” I made a small wave in their direction, letting them fill in the blanks.
“Went on a picnic?” the second girl asked, making her cohort burst out laughing.
“Yeah, went on a picnic,” I shot back with an eye roll before turning my attention back to Brown Eyes. “Anyway, I thought maybe you could help me?”
“Why would we do that?” This came from the boy closest to me, who was facing Brown Eyes. He had a high forehead and a prominent nose, and I wondered if in another life, he had been a bird. His blond hair was almost white and was slicked back, nearly plastered to his head. His eyes were a piercing grey and something told me it would be less than fifty years before the spark of life faded in them. There was just something about him that said he was always meant to be part of the undead.
“I don’t know,” I answered honestly with a shrug. “But I figured it didn’t hurt to ask.”
“It might hurt,” Charcoal said, leaning toward the table as if she would intimidate me.
“Enough, Georgie,” Brown Eyes said with a small hand motion, pushing her back into her seat. I couldn’t help my smirk at her name; it wasn’t exactly what you expected a vampire to be named. Georgie caught my smirk and I saw the flicker of hate blossom in her beady little eyes. Brown Eyes turned his attention back to me. “What’s your name?”
“Mattie,” I said, figuring it would be stupid to lie about that.
“Well, Mattie,” Brown Eyes said, sliding out of the booth to stand and hold his hand out to me, “I’m Fletcher.”
“Hi,” I said lamely, giving him my hand to shake. He was much taller than I anticipated, but when I saw the massive boots he was wearing, I understood why. They were shiny black latex with silver buckles all the way up to his knees and three inch platform soles. I had to crane my head back to look him in the face.
“Hello,” he replied with a crooked smile. I noticed his canines were well hidden, which was impressive for one so young. When I looked back at the others at the table, both girls were glaring at me and I could see the tiny points of their fangs pressing into their bottom lips. I pulled my eyes away from them, not wanting to goad them anymore.
“So, do you think you could help me?” I asked Fletcher. It was a good name for a vamp, but I kind of liked Brown Eyes better.
“Perhaps. Please…” He placed a hand on my back and gestured with the other toward the door. I turned and led the way out. Outside, the heavy mist had turned into real rain. I was just happy that it was a slow rain with small drops, but in an hour or so, it would probably get worse. I pulled the hood of my jacket up over my head to protect my hair. I turned to face Fletcher and watched as he lit a cigarette and slid the silver case back into his trench coat pocket.
“So you think your friend has been turned?” he asked, squinting at me through the smoke.
“Maybe,” I said, “but it’s just as possible that she’s just become someone’s pet.”
“Ah,” he said, expelling another stream of smoke.
“Look, I know you’re not supposed to, but do you think you could…” I paused for effect, glancing around us to make sure we were alone. “Do you think you could take me to the lair to look for her?”
Fletcher stared down at me, absentmindedly flicking ash to the side before he took another drag. I was happy of the extreme height difference between us then since it was the only thing keeping the smoke out of my face.
“How do you know she’d be at our lair?” he finally asked.
“Because she lives around here,” I said. Each major city had its own lair with one vampire as the master. There could be dozens of makers, anyone over a hundred could turn people, but they all answered to the one and only master. In Los Angeles County, that master was Theo.
“Couldn’t have been someone from out of town?”
“I don’t think so,” I said with a shake of my head. “She’s been going to the Noir.” The Noir Bar was the neighborhood vampire hangout.
“Ah,” Fletcher said again with a nod. He dropped his cigarette and stepped on it, putting out the still glowing cherry. “All right,” he said, dispelling the last puff of smoke, “but you have to promise to do what I say.”
“I promise,” I said, putting a little excitement in my voice to keep up the act.
“What you have to understand is people don’t just come into the lair, right?” Fletcher said. “Only pets and initiates are allowed in if they aren’t vamps, right?”
“Right.”
“So you’re going to have to pose as my pet.”
I couldn’t help but swallow then and it wasn’t part of the act. Pets were basically walking juice boxes for vampires; most had thought I was Owen’s pet because it was rare for vampires to have real relationships with mortals. My hand moved up to the knot of my scarf, reassuring myself that it was still secured.
“You can keep that,” Fletcher said. “Better to have it anyway. It’ll hide any evidence that we’re faking it. But if we gotta prove it…” He let his sentence trail off with a one-shouldered shrug.
“I get it,” I said, jamming my hands in my pockets again.
“Let’s get out of here before my friends come out. I don’t think Georgie liked you much, so she’d probably blow our cover.”
“Yeah,” I said, glancing into the restaurant through the foggy window. His friends were still in the booth, acting disinterested and detached, except Georgie. Georgie was glaring at me, and even at this distance, I could feel the heat of her stare. My only regret was leaving those two pancakes and three sausage links behind.
“Let’s go,” Fletcher said, proffering his arm. I eyed it as if afraid it would suddenly turn into some fanged snake and attack me. “Gotta keep up appearances, Mattie.” He was right, of course. So with a sigh, I slipped my hand into the crook of his arm and let him lead me to his car. I was just happy it wasn’t a motorcycle. I just had to hope I’d picked the right mark and I was going to get out of this alive. If I was wrong, and Fletcher wasn’t the kind of guy I thought he was, I was going willingly into the lion’s den with steaks dangling around my neck.
“Please don’t let this be as stupid as it feels right now,” I whispered after Fletcher closed my door. When he slammed his door and put the car into gear it was too late to back out.

Chapter 7
The drive was surprisingly short, but our destination was more than a little surprising. Fletcher turned into the underground parking lot of the Esterwyn Hotel, smack dab in the middle of Beverly Hills, and parked in an assigned space along the back wall of the first floor. I hadn’t expected to leave Hollywood, let alone drive to Beverly Hills.
“Seriously?” I asked, turning halfway in my seat to look at Fletcher.
“What?”
“The Esterwyn, really? A corporate hotel? In Beverly Hills?”
“Haven’t you ever heard of hiding in plain sight?” Fletcher waggled his brows at me before reaching for the door handle. I stopped him with a hand on his arm.
“Wait, I gotta ask you…” I took my hand back when he turned to look at me. The garage was dimly lit and the only light on in the car was from the radio on the dashboard that hadn’t shut off yet. My throat felt suddenly tight in the confined space and Fletcher seemed that much closer to me.
“Yes?” he prompted when I didn’t go on.
“Why are you helping me?” I asked, watching his face carefully, but either he wasn’t planning on lying to me or he was very good at keeping his face schooled.
“You’re asking me now?” he asked, tilting his head toward me.
“Yeah, probably should’ve asked you while we were in public,” I said, sinking down into my seat. “But seriously, you don’t even know me. You could get into serious trouble bringing me here.”
“No, I could get killed bringing you here,” he corrected me. It was very difficult to swallow then.
“So then why?”
“My little sister, Max,” he said, his voice catching on the name. “When she was fifteen, she was taken by a werewolf. I didn’t find her in time.”
“Oh,” I said softly, words failing me.
“She was running around with the pack, you know, going to the races with them, drinking, doing all the shit the young pups like to do,” he said. His eyes slid past me to look sightlessly out the passenger window over my shoulder. “After a while, she decided she wanted to join the pack.”
“Oh gods.” I closed my eyes. I didn’t want him to go on. I could read the story on his face. Most Weres were born; very few were ever made because the process was so violent that most people died from it. I couldn’t imagine a fifteen-year-old girl surviving something like that.
“My parents didn’t believe me that she’d do something like that, you know?” He continued on despite my hopes that he would stop. “After she was missing for two days, they started to believe me. But I mean, we were human, you know? What could my parents do to a pack of Weres? I tried to find her, I tried to get someone in the pack to help me, or at least tell me where I could find her. The third night she was missing was the night of the full moon. When I didn’t find her by sunrise, I knew, one way or the other, I was too late.”
We sat there in silence for a few moments, him never blinking and unseeing, me reeling in my seat. I felt like shit for lying to him. He’d just shared something horribly personal with me all based on a lie. I licked my lips and steeled myself, but before I opened my mouth to confess the truth, Fletcher’s eyes shifted to my face and his nostrils flared.
“You lied to me?” he whispered. That deadly tone crawled up my spine and gripped me by the back of my neck. I nodded slowly, feeling the prick of tears surface. I blinked them back and swallowed.
“I’m sorry, there’s no friend here,” I said in a harsh whisper, not sounding like myself at all. “Theo, she may have kidnapped someone, and if she did, I have to get them back. Otherwise, I’ll be killed.”
Fletcher stared at me with hard eyes, his pupils having widened until the brown was nearly black. I could feel the pull of those depths; long before his first fifty years, he was going to be a very powerful vampire. I was just happy being a witch made me immune to his vampire wiles, not that his inhuman strength couldn’t do me serious damage. I gritted my teeth, forcing myself to remain quiet while Fletcher weighed my words, tasted their truth by my scent, decided whether or not I was stupid enough to lie to him again.
“Who has she kidnapped?” he finally asked.
“Roane of Dunhallow.”
“The prince?” He blinked in surprise, the iris of his eyes growing.
“The very one,” I nodded. “If she has him, I have to get him back.”
“The Lord and Lady blame you?”
“They do.”
“Why?”
“That doesn’t matter right now,” I said with a shake of my head and wave of my hand. “They just do. And they’ve taken Owen as collateral.”
“Theo’s Owen?” Fletcher blanched, but his words struck me somewhere in the middle. Theo’s Owen, not my Owen. Heat rushed up my neck and crept up my face and I had to take a minute to breathe past the rage.
“Oh,” Fletcher said with a small smile. “I see.”
“You see what?” I snapped.
“He was yours once.”
“Look,” I said, closing my eyes and praying for strength. “Now you know the real deal, okay? Are you still gonna help me or what?”
“Pretty sure you’re already here,” Fletcher said.
“Right,” I said. “But are you gonna let me go in?”
“It’s a public place. I can’t stop you.”
“Thanks,” I said. I grabbed my bag from the floorboard and pushed open my door. I was just slinging my bag over my head and shoulder, nudging the car door shut with my hip when Fletcher was in front of me, only the flapping of his trench coat betraying him.
“Frogs!” I cursed, my hand flying to my chest. “Why do you people have to do that shit?”
“Dramatic effect.” He grinned down at me. “Listen, you’re not gonna find the entrance to the lair without help, and even if by some twisted miracle you did, you won’t be let in without an escort.”
“Are you offering?” I asked, placing my hands on my hips as I stared up at him. Fletcher took a step closer, placing the long line of his body entirely too close to mine. I didn’t take a step back. I didn’t want to show him fear; it only made them hungry.
“What else do I have to do tonight?” he asked in a low, rough voice, making me swallow again. He held out his arm again and, after one last pause, I took it.

***
The Esterwyn was the city’s nicest hotel and not one I ever found myself setting foot in. I adjusted my bag with my free hand and tugged on the ends of my jacket, making sure it was straight. 
Fletcher leaned toward me and whispered, “Stop fidgeting.” 
Clenching my hand in a fist, I squared my shoulders and kept my chin up as we continued through the lobby, heading toward the restaurant.
Fletcher walked right past the hostess with a small nod and led us around the bar in the back. I would have never noticed the door, it blended so perfectly with the wall it was practically seamless, but it opened at Fletcher’s touch. I wondered if any other creature besides a vamp could open it – just like the doors in the fairy mound. It closed behind us with a soft snick.
We were in a long, dimly lit hallway. The only light came from the sconces on the right hand wall, though they were spaced so far apart there were gaping pockets of dark that stole my breath.
“Remember to breathe,” Fletcher said in that same rough voice. “When your heart races, you draw too much attention to yourself. As my pet, you should be indifferent about being here.” I nodded, not trusting my voice just yet.
Eventually, I noticed we were walking downhill, and wondering why there weren’t stairs distracted me enough to slow the beat of my heart and bring my breathing back to normal.
“Now, when we go inside, try not to make eye contact with anyone,” Fletcher explained. “I don’t know what you’re planning to do down here, but just try not to draw any attention to yourself and don’t leave my side. Do you understand?”
“Yes,” I said, relieved that my voice sounded pretty close to normal even though my throat was tight enough to choke me.
“By the by,” he said, “I’m assuming you’re not human.”
“No,” I said, blowing out a breath, “I’m a witch.” With every word, I sounded more and more normal.
“Good, then if we get separated, at least you won’t be susceptible to mind games. But remember--” I cut him off, finishing his sentence.
“They’re all stronger than me. Yeah, I know.”
“And if you use your powers down here—” Again, I finished for him.
“They’ll kill me in a second.”
“As long as we’re on the same page.”
“Yeah, I got it.” Then, when we were deep enough that the temperature had dropped a good fifteen degrees, we were at the door. I gripped Fletcher’s sleeve tight enough to mottle my knuckles, I was sure my knees were threatening to give out on me. What the hell was I doing down here? I had my knockout powder in my bag, sure, and I was nervous enough to light my whole body up with electric bolts, but I had no idea how many vamps were in this nest. Surely more than I could handle.
And really, I had no idea how powerful Theo was. I only knew what she looked like from magazine articles that showed how ethereally beautiful she was. They have Owen. She’ll care about that, if nothing else, I reminded myself. I closed my eyes when Fletcher knocked on the door and took the chance to count to ten and calm down. Theo might not actually love Owen, but he was one of her possessions, and if another immortal took him, it would piss her off enough to do something about it. I just had to hope she wouldn’t kill the messenger.
A small peep-hole door at Fletcher’s eye level opened. It was too dark and high for me to see the face of the person on the other side, but they seemed to recognize Fletcher. In the next moment, they closed it and I heard the click of locks being undone before the door swung open. Fletcher ushered me through with a hand on the small of my back, forcing me to let go of his sleeve or else risk ripping the fabric. He was careful to never lose contact with me though, and I had my hand through his arm again almost immediately.
The troll who’d opened the door for us slammed it shut so quickly I was afraid he had clipped Fletcher, but he showed no signs of injury. The troll eyed me, his white tusks gleaming in the half-light, and his scraggly, dirty mane hung in front of his face. I could barely make out the white tattoos on his dusky skin. Fletcher pulled me along and I was more than a little grateful to break eye contact with the bridge dweller.
Fletcher guided me into a lounge area. It reminded me of the opium dens favored by psychics, who were always looking to dull their senses and check out of reality, if only for a little while. There were massive pillows strewn about the floor with bodies lounging over them in different stages of undress. Circular couches were tucked away in dark corners and I could just make out the undulating bodies occupying them. My fingers flexed around Fletcher’s arm, clutching at him. Where the hell did he bring me? A sex club? This is not what I was looking for.
“Everything all right, pet?” Fletcher whispered to me, his voice a fluttering breath along my skin that made me shiver. It felt as though he’d managed to unwind my scarf and my neck was exposed and bare. I touched the fabric with my free hand just to reassure myself that it was still there and my neck was whole.
Fletcher turned us and guided me into a dark and empty corner, spinning me around to press my back against the wall. He pressed his hands to either side of my head, leaning over me, the only light emanating from the glow of his eyes that had shifted from their warm brown to an eerie yellow. My throat went dry at the sudden closeness of our faces, and his scent of smoke and rain filled my senses, blocking out the smell of bodies and blood in the room.
“You have to calm down,” Fletcher said as he leaned closer to me, his cheek grazing mine as he dipped his head close to my neck. I could feel the flaps of his coat around my legs and I fought the urge to sink into the wall and crawl out of here. “Your heart is pounding louder than a drum. Do you want to blow your cover?”
“No,” I said after a couple of tries, but even then my voice came out rough and foreign. “I’m okay.” I closed my eyes and drew in a deep breath through my nose and held it until I got my heartbeat under control. Fletcher drew away from my neck and I blew out the breath through my mouth, tossing my bangs out of my eyes. Fletcher’s nostrils flared and the light in his eyes flickered like a candle flame. My stomach squirmed and my fingers clawed at the wall behind me. He needed to move away from me and he needed to do it quick. I pressed a hand to his chest and pushed. Luckily, he let me move him.
Fletcher stood up straight, lifting a hand to caress my cheek as he grinned down at me. All part of the show folks, no need to worry. I shook my head and tucked my hair behind my ears. When I was sure I was myself again, I looked him in the eye and nodded. Fletcher offered me his arm and led me around the room.
“Theo’s not out here,” I whispered to him when we were back in our corner.
“No, I didn’t really expect her to be.”
“They why bring me here?” I demanded, rounding on him.
“Shhh,” Fletcher said, pressing two fingers to my lips. “We had to check. Besides,” he paused and glanced around, “I figured this would prepare you before I took you further into the lair.”
“What do you mean?” I asked, afraid I already knew just what he meant.
“If you couldn’t handle seeing this, then you definitely can’t handle what the rest of this place has to offer.”
“Look, this isn’t what I’m here for, okay?” I said, putting my hands up in surrender. “I just want to talk to Theo; I don’t need to see all this… this… this!”
“You don’t just go see the Master, you know,” Fletcher said, and for the first time, I heard the temper rising in his voice. “You wanted to come in here uninvited; you think you can just walk up to her?”
“What good is this gonna do, huh?” I asked, gesturing at the den of iniquity around us.
“You’re blending in,” he said.
“So?”
“So, if everyone thinks you belong here, then we can move around freely and maybe you can find Theo.” Fletcher glared down at me, waiting for me to respond. I understood his reasoning, logically, but I couldn’t help how totally and completely creeped out I was. There was a girl, couldn’t be more than eighteen years old, draped over a low table, practically naked. There was a vamp at each of her wrists and ankles while another was nuzzled into her neck. They weren’t more than ten feet away from us. Her wide eyes fluttered and her tiny bow mouth opened with a moan as she squirmed on the table.
I pulled my gaze away from the sight, trying not to think about what would be left of that girl come morning. Fletcher was still watching me, one brow arched in challenge. With my jaw clenched, I gave him a curt nod. We turned and started for the door in the far wall.
“I have to ask you…” he whispered, lifting my hand to his mouth as we walked. I tried not to flinch when he pressed a kiss to the inside of my wrist as we passed two vampires lounging together who eyed us as we went.
“What?”
“Have you ever shared blood with a vampire before?” My stomach went cold at his question. There was only one reason why he was asking me that now.
“Yes,” I forced out, keeping my eyes straight ahead. Fletcher folded my hand back to his arm. My phone rang in my bag. The tinny noise stopped Fletcher just before he opened that dreaded door. I heard a few annoyed murmurs around us as I fumbled for the phone. I shot Fletcher a pained look.
“You have got to be kidding me,” I sighed, seeing Joey’s open face on the screen again. “Joey, this is a bad time,” I whispered into the phone.
“But, Mattie, I have to talk to you,” Joey pleaded.
“Joey, I just can’t talk right now. I’m sorry.” I started to pull the phone away from my ear.
“Mattie, it’s about the potion. I’m kinda freaking out right now,” Joey’s voice pulled me back to the phone.
“Girl, I told you it was risky,” I said, shaking my head. “You knew what you were getting into. Look, I have to go, I’m sorry. I’ll call you when I can.” I hung up the phone, cutting Joey and whatever she was about to say off. I turned my ringer off and made sure the vibrate option was off too. Shoving the phone back into my bag, I gave Fletcher an awkward smile, apologizing for the interruption.
Fletcher’s hand shot out and his fingers twined into my hair, fisting at the back of my head. He pulled, making my neck curve until I was looking at the ceiling. He leaned into my space, placing his face dangerously close to mine, and whispered, “See that it doesn’t happen again.” I swallowed, not daring to breathe, and managed the tiniest of nods. Fletcher stared down at me for another moment before he released his hold on me.
He pushed the door open and gestured for me to go in ahead of him. Holding the back of my head, I walked through the door, trying to keep my eyes on him. When I heard the door close behind us, I spun around, ready to scream at him, feeling the spark of power building in my hands, but his fingers were on my lips again and he was shushing me.
“Those two vamps were watching us,” he whispered. “Had to make it look real. I hope I didn’t hurt you.” My curses died on my tongue and I closed my mouth. Damn him.
“Let’s just go,” I said, turning to look down this new hallway. It was just as dimly lit with sconces burning on the walls, but between each set were empty doorways. As we walked down the hall, I saw that each doorway led to a different room set up to accommodate the different sexual appetites of their occupants. There were straps and spikes and whips and wheels and chairs and swings and anything else you could think of. I was suddenly very grateful for the dim light because I knew my face was cherry red now.
People, humans and vampires alike, were huddled at different doorways, watching the shows inside the rooms. I had to close my eyes at one point and just hold on to Fletcher to keep from falling. I wasn’t a prude, but I also wasn’t a voyeur and this was so not my cup of tea.
“You’re doing great,” Fletcher murmured to me, patting my hand. We turned a corner and I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw that the doorways down here actually had doors, closed doors. Walking was suddenly easier and I didn’t have to cling to Fletcher’s arm. After a few more turns and different hallways, he pulled a key ring out of his pocket and unlocked a door, ushering me through.
Inside was a typical bachelor’s apartment complete with a massive TV and sparse furnishing. Fletcher took off his coat and tossed the keys on a tabletop. The sudden change in décor, the muted sounds of flesh falling away, and the bright lighting made my head spin. I turned to look at Fletcher, questions ready to fly from me.
“Okay, we’re out of the club area,” he said. “Now you’re actually in the lair.”
“Oh,” I said, blinking at him, feeling my questions fall away. “So all that, out there…” I waved at the door and all that stuff beyond.
“That’s kind of a playground. And a major source of our income,” he added that last in a stage whisper. “Only made vampires and pets make it back here; this is where we really live.” Fletcher took a moment to take off some of the jewelry he was wearing: two or three necklaces and four rings. The jewelry clinked on the table top by the keys.
“So what now?” I asked.
“Now we can go look for Theo so you can try to talk to her.”
“Try, huh?”
“Yeah, I wouldn’t get my hopes up if I were you.”
“Is this as stupid as I think it is?”
“Might be.”
“Thanks.” I rubbed my temples, trying to figure out when my life took such a messed up turn. I hadn’t even been down here when I was with Owen, and now here I was, with a perfect stranger who was only helping out of some nostalgic sense of guilt over his dead sister. This was just wrong on so many levels. I could practically hear Ronnie screaming in my head about how stupid I was being right now.
“You ready?” Fletcher asked. He had crossed the room and was standing in a doorway that I thought led to his bedroom. I arched an eyebrow at him, making him laugh. “What, don’t trust me now?”
“Kinda late for second thoughts I guess.” I threw my hands up in the air and stormed across the room. I was right; his bedroom was on the other side of that door, but he didn’t stop there. I was relieved when he pulled a bookcase away from the wall that was set on hinges, revealing yet another hallway.
“What is with this place? It should be called a labyrinth, not a lair,” I said, ducking into the hallway. This one at least was well lit.
“Yeah, I know,” Fletcher said as he pulled the false door closed behind him. “My first six months here, I got lost at least once a week.”
“How long have you been here?” I asked.
“Ten years.”
“Wow,” I said, feeling a little stupid as soon as the word was out of my mouth.
“What’s wow?” he asked.
“I just thought you were younger than that, that’s all.”
“It’s all in your skin care regime,” he said with a grin, posing for me. “That, and I stay out of direct sunlight.” He winked at me then, making me burst out laughing. The bubble of stress that had been building inside of me burst suddenly and I felt lighter.
“Thanks,” I said as I wiped a tear away.
“Feel better?”
“Yeah,” I said with a nod. “I think I can do this.” Fletcher nodded at me and offered his arm again. This time I slipped my hand into the crook of his elbow naturally, as if we’d been walking arm and arm for ages. This hallway was bright and open, the ceilings were higher, and the walls were painted a soothing tope against the beige carpet. The light fixtures hanging from the ceiling were large and chased all the shadows away.
“Do you know where Theo is?” I whispered to Fletcher, not sure if these walls had ears and I didn’t want people to know we were looking for the Master.
“I have a pretty good idea,” Fletcher replied. “About this time of night, she likes to take a soak. If we hurry, we should just catch her.” That bubble started to form in the middle of my body again, pressing at my skin. I had absolutely no desire to see Theo naked; just the pictures I had seen of her in magazines were enough to give anyone an inferiority complex. Add her stealing your boyfriend right out of your bed, and you would almost want to kill yourself. I could only hope her body was starting to show the signs of her immense age. The thought of her body deflated and sagging lifted my spirits and I was practically bouncing on my feet as we walked.
We took the right at the end of the hallway, and in just a few feet, we came upon a beautiful old oak door that arched high overhead with ivy and flowers carved into the aged wood. Fletcher reached for the wrought iron handle, paused before opening it, and turned to look at me.
“Please try to keep your cool, okay?” I nodded at him, not trusting my voice. “I mean it; they’ll stake me for doing this if they even suspect I know what you’re up to.”
“I’m not here to kill her, Fletcher. I just want to talk to her,” I said. When he continued to stare at me, I lifted three fingers of my right hand and said, “Witches honor.” He smirked at me but opened the door.
A gust of warm air and rolling steam billowed around us. We stepped into the wide, sweeping room and my skin was instantly dewy. It was a huge bathhouse with water fountains against every wall, and in the center of the room was a long, shallow pool. Little ribbons of steam twirled into the air. Vampires and humans were draped all around, on benches, in the pool, even on the floor. Glass pitchers of ice water with sliced fruit were placed strategically around the room with bowls of orange slices and grapes for grazing.
Half a dozen pairs of eyes swung our way as the door fell closed behind us and I realized how out of place we looked. Me in my jeans and jacket with my bag draped over my shoulder and Fletcher in his black on black clothing and his three inch platform boots with way too many buckles to count. I chewed the inside of my cheek, suddenly unsure what to do with my hands.
“Fletcher my sweet,” a rich, lilting voice rang out. The rolling tones hit me right in the chest, and if it wasn’t for Fletcher’s arm, I might’ve fallen. I had been around vampires my whole life, they were as open and proud of their existence as the rest of us, but until that moment, I didn’t realize how young all of the vampires I had ever known were. If this is what her normal voice could do to me, then I had made a horrible, stupid mistake coming in here.
“Mistress,” Fletcher said with a bow of his head.
“Come to me, Fletcher,” Theo said. Though she said it lightly, there was no mistaking the pull of the command in her voice. Fletcher moved forward without pause, dragging me along behind him. My fingers flexed around his arm until my nails were cutting into his sleeve. I desperately wanted to unwind my scarf and pull off my jacket, and I wasn’t entirely sure it was due to the temperature of the room. We crossed the room, every pair of eyes tracking our progress though they all tried to feign disinterest.
Theo was reclining at the end of the pool. The bubbling water provided a little coverage, but I could see the pale, perky mounds of her breasts just peeking out of the water. Her shoulders were smooth as milk, her arms draped over the edge of the pool. Her honey blond hair was piled and pinned on top of her head in a mass of curls and twinkling jewels. When we were standing by her head, she looked up at Fletcher and smiled.
Her mouth was a perfect pink bow with a full bottom lip. Her eyes shone with power like trapped sapphires. Her skin was so damn flawless that she looked like one of those porcelain dolls humans liked to collect. She set her dripping hand on Fletcher’s ankle, fingering the bottom most buckle.
“I see we have a new pet,” she said, not bothering to look at me. A trickle of sweat escaped my hairline and rolled down my cheek, dropping to disappear into my scarf. Fletcher didn’t respond to Theo, merely maintaining eye contact with her. “And what is her name?”
“My lady?” Fletcher asked. Just her voice had set him in a trance. Clearly I hadn’t chosen my escort as wisely as I had hoped.
“Your pet,” Theo said, snapping her fingers, leaving a few drops of water on Fletcher’s leather boot. “Her name, what is it?”
I looked from Fletcher to Theo and back again, praying that he wouldn’t tell her my real name, but I knew better than to answer for him. The gods only knew what Theo would do if a pet spoke out of turn.
“Her name is Matilda,” Fletcher said in an inhumanly robotic voice. I flinched, closing my eyes and refusing to breathe for a moment before I looked at Theo again. Her bright blue eyes were on me, studying my face, while she drew inconsequential designs on Fletcher’s boot with the tips of her fingers and the trail of water.
“Matilda,” she repeated, stretching out each syllable, tasting the letters of my name. “I imagine your friends call you Mattie.” Her eyes flashed, the pupils growing until all I could see were pools of black. I refused to look away. I was a witch, and her little party tricks couldn’t affect me. I would not let her scare me either.
“Yes,” I said, “my friends do call me that.” Theo pursed that pretty little mouth of hers in a simpering smile as the blue slowly edged back into her eyes. She released Fletcher and snapped her fingers. In an instant, everyone was moving. Vampires and humans were slinking out of the bath and disappearing from the room while two others brought a flowing white robe to the edge by Theo’s head. She stood, the water cascading down her body, leaving her white skin almost pink and steaming. Her servants helped her into the robe, settling it on her shoulders and moving around to tie it into place. It clung to her shapely body in all the right places and swept out behind her, exposing her lithe legs. She snapped again and the two servants bowed and scurried away, leaving the three of us alone.
“Fletcher,” Theo placed her finely manicured fingers on his cheek and I realized how small, how petite she was, “go sit like a good boy.”
I couldn’t help but blink when Fletcher turned and walked to a nearby bench, perfectly obedient. Theo moved closer to me and I had to fight the urge to step away and put some distance between us again. Don’t run from vampires or Weres, I reminded myself and tried to keep my knees from shaking.
“Matilda.” Theo circled me, taking in every inch of me. When we stood face to face, I couldn’t help but marvel at how close in stature we were. We were within an inch of each other’s heights, only my boots gave me an edge tonight. Our builds were surprisingly similar, but she was the more voluptuous of us, and there was no denying it now that I had seen the entire, well-groomed show. And no, she was not sagging and deflated because sometimes life just wasn’t that fair. Instead, Theo didn’t look a day over the twenty two years she had been when she was turned during Queen Elizabeth I’s reign.
“Theodora,” I replied with a small incline of my head.
“Please,” she said, “Theo. You may call me Theo.”
“That’s just peachy, but you can’t call me Mattie,” I said before I could stop myself. I waited for her to strike, to put me back in my place, but instead she chuckled. I kept my face schooled, trying desperately not to show her how surprised I was.
“Very well, Matilda,” she agreed. “I am surprised to see you here. I thought perhaps you were too well behaved to gloat.”
“Well behaved?” I shook my head at her. “What are you talking about?”
“My Owen hasn’t been home for days,” she said, her eyes never leaving my face. “You should know better than most that it is unwise to come here and gloat over that victory since I could have him back here, his face pressed to my feet in an instant.” She snapped her fingers in my face to underscore her words. I could feel the heat creeping up my neck again and an ache forming in my stomach. This woman knew all the right buttons to push. How I’d like to push her damned button. She started her idle circle around me again and I heard her sniff behind me and I could just see that sneer on her face.
“I don’t have Owen,” I said, biting off each word. “The Lord and Lady of Dunhallow have him because you took Roane.” I whirled around to face her, leaning into her, popping her bubble of personal space. I knew I was poking the lion in the cage, but I just didn’t give a crap anymore. My fists were so tight that I could feel my nails cutting into the skin of my palms.
“I took Roane,” she repeated, arching that blond brow at me. It formed a perfect upside down U on her forehead.
“Yeah, so just give him to me,” I said. “I’ll take him back to the Mound and they’ll release Owen. Nice and neat, all right?”
“Nice and neat, I’m sure.” She nodded. “There is just one little problem.”
“What?”
“I don’t have the prince.”
“Nice try,” I said, taking a step back to give myself a little breathing room. She hadn’t struck out at me yet and keeping myself so pent up waiting for it was just giving me a headache. “Why would they take Owen if you didn’t take Roane? Eye for an eye and all that biblical bullshit.”
Theo chuckled again, and for a moment, I saw her face soften.
“I can see why he likes you,” she said as she turned away from me. Lifting her hands, she pulled at the pins in her hair, causing it to cascade down in a golden waterfall. The curls bounced against the white fabric as she walked over to a bench where she lowered herself to sit. She moved like water flowed and it was almost mesmerizing to watch.
I refused to respond to her comment. I knew she was talking about Owen and didn’t need her to clarify it; she was just enjoying this game of reminding me that she owned him and could send him to and fro, breaking my heart at a whim.
“Let’s say I believe you,” I said, crossing my arms over my chest. “Why would they take Owen if you don’t have Roane?”
“Spunky, but not terribly bright,” she said, reaching for the water pitcher beside the bench. I counted to ten in my head, remembering to breathe. After she’d poured herself cup of water, she glanced up at me and said, “Obviously to get you to help them. They took someone just as important to you as Roane is to them.”
“Owen is not important to me.” I added, “Not anymore anyway.” 
“Yes, be sure to get those lies out where you can,” she said, lifting the glass to her lips. “We all know the dangers of lying to the Fae.”
“I’m not lying,” I snapped. Theo stared at me over the edge of her glass as she took a sip, and I closed my mouth, reminding myself there was no point in defending myself to her.
“I grow weary of this,” Theo said. She closed her eyes and let her head drop back, as if she were basking in the sun. I started to open my mouth to say something, but Theo snapped her fingers again, and in less time than it takes to blink, I felt Fletcher’s hands on me, ripping my scarf away from my neck. The last thing I remembered before the world went black was the pierce of his hot, sharp fangs.

Chapter 8
The room was uncomfortably warm so much so that my hair was plastered to my forehead. I kicked off my covers and stumbled out of bed, picking at my shirt to pull it away from my damp skin. It was difficult to open my eyes, and when I managed it, my vision was soft and blurry. I managed to get to the bathroom and find the sink. The cold water on my face went a long way to waking me up, but I had to scrub the crusted makeup off of my face before I could get my eyes fully open.
The girl staring back at me in the mirror was practically unrecognizable. Though I’ve always been fair skinned, living a nocturnal life, I looked sallow and underfed. Circles so dark they looked like bruises were under my eyes and the whites of my eyes were bloodshot. My hair was greasy, as if I hadn’t washed it in days. But none of that mattered, not when I looked at my neck.
I touched the raw puncture marks over my pulse. They were still swollen and red. My fingers came away with a smear of red. My eyes burned and I had to squeeze them shut against the tears threatening to fall. My knees began to shake and I had to brace myself on the sink to keep from collapsing. I would not curl up on this floor and cry myself silly because of that woman, that thing, that monster.
Light streamed in through the slats of my window as the sun set over the neighboring building. I slapped them shut and turned on the shower, making sure it was hot enough to fill the room with steam and fog over the mirror so I didn’t have to look at myself a moment longer. I stood under the water until my skin was pink, trying to remember how I got home. How exactly vampires had gotten in my house without my invitation, unless Theo herself brought me in, but I couldn’t imagine she would lower herself to do that. No, it was probably human pets that got me inside. But how had they broken my freezing spell? Unless someone had witch pet. Unusual, but not unheard of.
I was toweling my hair dry, scrubbing my scalp, when I heard the pounding at my front door. I wrapped myself in my robe, synching the belt tight with an angry yank as I stormed out the bathroom. A big part of me was hoping it was Fletcher, or any vampire really, as sparks of power snapped at my fingertips, just itching to be unleashed. My caller pounded again as I walked into the living room, and I had to keep myself from running at the door. Without bothering to check the peephole, I threw all the locks and wrenched the door open, flinging it against the wall, hands up, ready to attack.
“Well, good morning to you too,” Ronnie said as Artemis jumped from her arms and ran into the apartment. A pang of guilt went through me when I realized I hadn’t even thought about him since I’d woken.
“Sorry, thought you were someone else,” I said, reaching for the door and waving her inside. I locked all the locks and set the freezing spell before I turned around to face her.
“It’s about time you’re up,” she said.
“What are you talking about?” I said, flinging a hand toward a window. “The sun just set.”
“Mattie,” she said, her voice going soft and her brows contracting as she took a step closer to me to lay a hand on my shoulder. “You’ve been out for three days.”
I gaped at her, my mouth opening and closing, but no words coming out. I closed my eyes and shook my head, sending cold wet hair swirling around my face. When I opened my eyes again, Ronnie was still staring at me like she was afraid I’d lost my mind.
“Three days?” I asked and she nodded slowly. “I don’t even… I can’t… three days?”
“Yeah, the vamps brought you back just as I was coming home for the day,” she said, taking my arm and leading me into the kitchen where she started to make coffee. I fell into a chair at the kitchen table, trying to concentrate on the hard wooden seat under me. Artemis jumped up on the table and sauntered over to my hand. He butted my fingers with his head before sliding onto his belly and rolling over on his back. I scratched his belly absentmindedly.
“Three days?” I asked, prompting Ronnie to go on.
“Yeah, they were standing at your door when I got off the elevator. I came by to check on you and the fairy wards,” she said, measuring out the coffee grounds. “They couldn’t get your door open because of the freezing spell. I told them to leave and that I would take care of you. And let me tell you, it was a bitch to get you into bed.”
“You could’ve used a charm,” I said, waggling my fingers at her.
“And what? Leave you on the floor while I conjured? Anyway,” she said, hitting the on button to get the coffee brewing, “what happened?”
“I don’t know,” I said with a sigh, running my hands over my face. “I saw Theo, and after she told me she didn’t have Roane, she had one of her vamps attack me.”
“I don’t get it. We’re not susceptible—” she started to say, but I stopped her with a hand.
“Not mind tricks,” I said. “He bit me.”
“Oh,” Ronnie said softly, her eyes going as round as her mouth. She recovered and tucked her red curls behind her ears. “You should probably eat then.”
“Yeah,” I agreed.
“But you’ve been out for days; your food probably isn’t any good.”
“I’ve got some canned stuff,” I said, waving at the cupboards. Ronnie started the search and finally came out with a can of chili. It really said something about how worried she was about me that she didn’t even sneer when she opened the can and spooned out the meaty goop inside. In a few minutes, I had a steaming bowl of chili and a cup of coffee in front of me.
“Thanks for taking care of Artie for me,” I said between spoonfuls. I knew I was feeling pretty anemic when that first spoonful of meat and beans tasted like the best goddamn thing on Earth. I gave up on eating slow after that and just shoveled the chili in my mouth.
“Don’t worry about it,” Ronnie said, waving away my thanks, taking a sip of her coffee. Artie pranced over to her, purring when she chuckled.
“Ham,” I said, shaking my head.
“Maybe,” Ronnie agreed, scratching the top of Artemis’s head, “but he reminded me how much I miss having a familiar. I need to find a new one.” I nodded in agreement, not wanting to push the topic. Ronnie had had the same familiar for twenty years, since she was two years old, but after Simon had passed away, she couldn’t even look at another cat for almost a year. Even being around Artie was too much for her.
“I can help you look,” I said, earning a smile. I sat back in my chair, lifting my hands over my head to stretch. “Have any customers come around?” My stomach twisted at the thought of how much money I might’ve lost this week thanks to all this fairy-vampire-politics-bullshit.
“A couple, but they were regulars,” Ronnie said, easing the knot in my stomach. “I told them you were sick and contagious and to check back in a couple of days.”
“Good.” I breathed out a sigh of relief. “Thanks for that.”
Pushing away from the table, I got up and went in search for my phone, but before I could make it to my bedroom where the charger was, there was a new, frantic pounding on the front door. Ronnie and I shared a look before we both went for the door. Ronnie stood next to me while I lifted up on my toes to look out the peephole.
A petite girl stood on the other side of the door, her hands in the pockets of her brown leather jacket as she swung her head back and forth, watching both sides of the hallway. She bounced on the balls of her feet as she looked back at the door, lifting her bright lavender eyes to stare at me through the peephole, as if she could actually see me. Her blonde hair was a shock of white in the dimly lit hallway, with a jagged fringe falling over her forehead and into her left eye.
“Pixie,” I told Ronnie as I sank back to my heels and started to undo the many locks. I touched the door knob and felt the zing of power as I lifted the freezing charm and opened the door. The pixie girl darted inside, not waiting for an invitation. I grinned and shut the door, throwing the locks back in place and setting the spell with a touch.
“Matilda Kavanagh?” the girl asked, her wide eyes darting back and forth between me and Ronnie.
“Mattie, please,” I said, bringing her eyes back to me. “This is my friend, Ronnie.”
“Charlie, Joey’s cousin,” she said, hitting Joey’s name like it was the clue to a secret I should know.
“Okay, how can I help you?” I asked, going to put my hands in my pockets and only then realizing I was still wearing my robe. Well, if that wasn’t professional, I didn’t know what was.
“Help me?” Charlie said, her voice pitching. “I’m not the one that needs the help, yeah? It’s Joey.”
“She tried to give the Were the potion, didn’t she?” Ronnie asked, and for once she didn’t sound caustic.
“Oh yeah,” Charlie said, bouncing on the balls of her feet again, making the leather of her knee-high boots squeak with every move.
“What happened?” I asked, gripping the neck of my robe, clutching it tight in my hands.
“I’m not sure,” Charlie said. “I haven’t heard from her or seen her in three days.” Her lower lip trembled and she sniffed as the first tear spilled over, rolling down her cheek. I thought I was going to be sick. All those phone calls, I just thought Joey was losing her nerve and was afraid to give the guy the potion, but maybe she had given it to him and he’d lost control? Weres were so unpredictable with their body chemistry.
“Oh gods,” I whispered and ran for my bedroom. My phone was on the charger, I assumed thanks to Ronnie. I snatched it off the cord and saw on the screen the list of missed calls, the vast majority of them were from Joey. Ronnie and Charlie walked in as I started to play the first voicemail. Ronnie reached over and hit the speaker button, but I wasn’t really sure I wanted them to hear this.
“Mattie?” Joey’s squeaky voice trembled. “I know you said you’d call me when you had time, but this is really important. Please, please, please call me.”
I closed my eyes and went to the next one.
“Mattie,” Joey whispered, pressing her mouth too close to the phone. “Mattie, I think I did something wrong with the potion. Malachi, he’s,” she paused so long that I thought the call had dropped until she said, “he’s not himself. Please call me.”
“Mattie,” Ronnie said over my shoulder.
“Shhh!” I hit the button for the next one.
“Mattie, are you sure you gave me the right potion? Did I do something to piss you off?” Joey’s voice cracked in the middle. I had to sit then, falling onto the edge of my bed.
“Mattie, why won’t you take my calls? I can’t come see you. Malachi won’t let me out of his sight, please,” Joey’s voice cut off as a man’s voice could be heard in the background, but I wasn’t sure what he said.
“That’s Malachi,” Charlie said, glaring down at the phone.
“Mattie, I don’t know what to do,” Joey was whispering again, but her voice was so low, I had to turn the volume all the way up on my phone to hear her. “Malachi has lost his mind and I think it’s the potion. I snuck it to him because, you know, because your friend said he’d be able to smell it.” Ronnie and I shared a worried glance. “So I put it in his flask so he couldn’t see it and I thought the whiskey would cover the smell. But I don’t know, maybe you didn’t mix it right?”
“Joey!” a man’s voice roared over the phone and I nearly dropped it in surprise.
“That’s him!” Charlie squeaked, her hand flying to her mouth.
“Are you calling him again?” Malachi demanded. We heard Joey shriek in surprise over the muffled sounds of two people struggling. The phone hit the floor with a thunk.
“No, baby,” Joey pleaded. “I told you, there’s no one else. I love you.” She was sobbing then. The sound of a smack stopped her.
“Oh no, no, no,” Charlie whispered, reaching toward the phone as if she could touch her cousin through it. The last thing we heard before the call ended was Joey’s whimpers and a low, threatening growl. 
“That’s the last one,” I said, sagging forward over my knees, clutching the phone to my chest.
“Mattie,” Ronnie said, touching my shoulder.
“You have to help her!” Charlie cried out, dropping to her knees in front of me, reaching out to grasp my wrists. “Please!”
“I know,” I said, lifting my face to meet Charlie’s terrified eyes. “I’m gonna try.”
“No, you can’t try, you just have to,” Charlie said, her fingers curling into my wrists until the skin ran red.
“Okay, okay,” I said with a nod. I got to my feet, pulling Charlie up with me. I wrapped an arm around her shoulders and guided her out of the bedroom and back into the kitchen with Ronnie following behind.
“I’ll help you,” Ronnie said and I threw her a grateful, if albeit tired, smile. I urged Charlie into a chair and went into the cupboards and pulled out my canister of calming tea. While I filled the kettle under the tap, Ronnie started pulling out spelling supplies to brew a seeking spell. I seemed to be using a lot of those lately. Might be prudent to just have a few on hand like my medicinal spells.
“What if he killed her?” Charlie asked, watching us move around the kitchen. The burner tick-tick-ticked until it caught fire and I set the kettle over it to boil.
“Let’s not think about that,” I said, measuring out the tealeaves in the infuser.
“But—” Charlie pressed. 
I stopped her by saying, “I think he’s become enthralled with her. It’s a possible side effect for some breeds when they take something like a love potion. He would only kill Joey if he was planning on killing himself too, like Romeo and Juliet.” A low whistle had started and I turned off the burner and pulled the kettle off to pour the steaming water over the leaves.
“It’s been three days. If Malachi had gone missing, his pack would be looking for him already,” I said as I stirred two tablespoons of honey into the tea. Bringing the cup to Charlie, I said, “They would’ve found him by now, right?” She nodded, sniffling before she took the cup from me. “Right, and if they had found their bodies, everyone would know about it by now. I mean, a murder-suicide is hard to cover, even for people like us.”
“She’s right, Charlie,” Ronnie said, joining the conversation now that all the supplies were prepped and laid out on the counters. “It’s very possible that Joey is fine, I mean, as fine as she can be right now. So we need to act like that and just find her.”
“But you will find her, right?” Charlie asked. Her voice was stronger now, and her hands had already stopped trembling.
“Yes,” I said, laying a hand on her shoulder. “We are going to find her.” Charlie nodded, staring into her teacup. I knew it was a piecrust promise, but there was just no way I was going to tell her that yeah, there was a very strong possibility that her cousin might be dead at that very moment. And if she was dead, that it was every bit as much my fault as it was hers for giving a Were a love potion that had driven him crazy. A potion I had brewed for her because I needed the goddamn money.
***
Charlie felt strong enough to leave after her second cup of calming tea. We called her a cab, and Ronnie watched her get in and drive off while I went into the bedroom and put on some real clothes. It’s amazing how much more secure you felt with underwear and pants. I was pulling a purple sweater on when Ronnie came back inside.
“All right, you’re the boss, where do we start?” Ronnie asked as she threw the locks and spell into place.
“I don’t have anything of Joey’s in the apartment, so…” I sighed and glanced around. My eyes fell on Charlie’s cup, the tealeaves plastered to the inside. “This might do.” I said, snatching up the cup.
“But those are Charlie’s leaves,” Ronnie said, shaking her head at me.
“Yeah, but she’s Joey’s cousin, so they have a blood bond,” I said, scraping the leaves out of the bottom of the cup with my finger, making Ronnie grimace. “And she has a strong desire to find her. So, blood and desire, two of the strongest magical elements there are.”
“Wow,” Ronnie said, closing her eyes and placing her fingers to her temples. “You were always more creative with magic than I ever was. All right, let’s do this.”
I flung the tealeaves into the caldron on the stove that was already bubbling away, the liquid inside an ironically happy blue. The potion fizzled and bubbled as the leaves broke the surface. I pulled a wooden disk out of the drawer and dunked it into the caldron, letting it soak up the potion until the wood shifted from the near white color of pine to a dark indigo.
“Now,” Ronnie whispered just before I pulled it out of the liquid and set it on the counter. I grabbed the teacup and dragged my finger along the lip, caught the last leaves that had touched Charlie’s lips, and smeared them onto the disk.
“Did it work?” Ronnie asked, staring over my shoulder.
“Won’t know until we go look for her.” I stared down at the disk, praying that my creativity had actually worked. Every second we wasted in my kitchen was one more second that Malachi had alone with Joey.
“Do you have anything, you know,” Ronnie gestured vaguely, “that’ll work against a Were?”
“Besides this?” I asked, snapping my fingers to make a spark of angry magic flash.
“Yeah, besides that.”
“I have some silver knives,” I said with a shrug.
“Okay, grab them, and get your knockout powder,” Ronnie said as she dashed to the front door. “I’ll be right back!” she called out over her shoulder as the door slammed shut behind her.
I ran into my bedroom and grabbed my black leather boots, struggling into them, forcing the cuffs of my jeans in the shafts. I tugged on my belt with the biggest buckle, thinking I could use it as a weapon if I had to, and then pulled open the drawer in my nightstand. I dug in the back until I found the soft leather pouch.
Unfurling it on my bed, the silver knives glinted in the light. They had been a gift from Owen one Solstice. He’d always worried about the kind of work I did and the fact that I didn’t have any proper weapons against creatures that had a sensitivity to silver, like Weres. They were razor sharp and wicked. He’d had two wrist sheaths fashioned for them so that I could carry them concealed under long sleeves so long as they didn’t smell the metal on me. I touched the cool silver handle of one of the daggers, snatching my hand away when I heard Ronnie burst back through the door.
I grabbed the sheaths and started strapping them on. They weren’t any more awkward than putting on a watch one handed so I managed to get them on by myself. I was just slipping the second blade into the sheath when Ronnie came in to find me.
“Whoa,” she blinked, catching sight of the wrist sheath and dagger before I tugged my sleeve down to hide it.
“They’re kind of intense, right?” I shook my head.
“Not as intense as this,” Ronnie said, holding up a small, pearl-handled gun.
“Ronnie,” I said, my eyes going round, “a gun?”
“With silver bullets,” she said, pulling on the slide, racking a bullet in the chamber before she tucked the gun into the back of her pants.
“I didn’t know you had one of those,” I said as she led the way out of the room.
“Mom insisted I get it after the apothecary down the street was robbed,” Ronnie explained. She swung her jacket on after handing me mine.
“So that’s always in the store?” I asked.
“Yep.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Eh, why?” Ronnie asked. “I don’t really like having it, so I don’t want to talk about it. But I tell you what, I’ve had some Weres come in the store since I got it, and they can smell the silver, you know? And sometimes I’ll see them catch the smell and suddenly they decide they don’t want to buy anything after all.”
“Oh frogs, right, hold on.” I ran back into my room and grabbed a bottle of perfume off my vanity. After spraying a liberal amount on myself, I attacked Ronnie, dousing her in the stuff.
“What are you doing, Mattie?” Ronnie demanded between coughs. “For the love of toads, did you spray enough?”
“Have to cover the smell of the silver,” I said, setting the bottle on the counter. I poured some dry cat food and cream in Artemis’s bowls, gave him a scratch, and snatched up the seeking charm. I went into the living room and found my messenger bag on the couch. Digging inside of it, I found the canister of knockout powder. Unscrewing the cap carefully, I peered inside. It was more than half full, which seemed like a lot, but much like trolls, Weres often had a natural defense against a lot of spells and potions. I wasn’t sure this much would be enough, but I also didn’t have time to mix anymore. I shook my head, screwed the cap back on, and shoved it, with the disk, back into my bag, closing the flap and slinging it over my shoulder.
“Ready?” Ronnie asked.
“As ready as I’m gonna be.”
***
The seeking charm led us deep into an industrial area of Venice Boulevard. Definitely not the side of town Ronnie or I ever found ourselves. There were warehouses on every corner and storage companies. On one block, there was a rundown bowling alley with liquor stores on either side of it. Across the street, a sad, dilapidated motel sat, squatting like a toad. The neon sign flickered and buzzed, the M nearly invisible as the bulbs burned out while we sat and watched, parked in the bowling alley parking lot, facing the motel.
“This is where she is?” Ronnie asked, keeping her voice low as if someone passing by could hear us inside the car.
“That’s what the charm said.” I glanced at the disk hanging from a lanyard on my rearview mirror. It was spinning furiously, reaching toward the windshield, the motel a magnetic pull on it.
“So what are we doing?” Ronnie asked, her knee bouncing furiously.
“Watching,” I said. I had no intentions of just running into the motel, guns blazing, against a spell-crazed werewolf.
“For what?”
“Just watch,” I said, not taking my eyes off of the darkened motel in front of us. It was really quite depressing. It was a small, two-story building. The balcony that ran around the second floor as a walkway looked like it was sagging in the middle, just waiting for the next storm to blow it completely off of the building. Even the railings looked like they were rusting away in some places.
It was one of those places that advertised hourly, daily, and weekly rates. It was the hourly rates that gave me the creeps. I didn’t like to think of Joey, with her bright lavender eyes and bubblegum pink hair, in a place like this.
“Door,” Ronnie said, nodding toward the very last room on the second floor. The door opened just wide enough for the man exiting to slip through. He wasn’t very tall, but his shoulders were incredibly broad for his size and his waist nipped in, giving him that perfect swimmer’s V shape. He swung his head around, scanning the parking lot, his eyes glinted yellow in the moonlight, and even at this distance we could see it. A light breeze blew his shoulder-length hair back, away from his square face.
“Were,” Ronnie whispered.
“Malachi,” I replied.
Malachi stood at the railing for a moment, pulling something out of his pocket. We watched as he tapped out a cigarette from a pack. The flame of his lighter was an explosion of light, making it more obvious there were no working lights on the balcony – which might work in our favor. He tucked the pack of cigarettes and lighter into his back pocket. After taking a long drag, making the cherry of the cigarette flare red, he placed a hand on the railing and vaulted over. He soared to the ground, landing in a silent crouch, rose to his full height, and casually walked away.
Ronnie and I watched him until he got into a dark pickup truck and pulled out of the parking lot. Once his taillights disappeared around a corner we started to move. I poured some of the knockout powder into my jacket pocket, holding my breath as the white cloud dispersed. Ronnie pulled her gun and held it at her side, by her thigh. I threw my bag into the backseat, shoved the car keys into my jeans pocket, and snatched the disk off of the mirror before I slammed the door shut.
We ran across the street and through the motel parking lot. We went a little slower on the stairs, not wanting to pound up them like a herd of elephants and alert all of the people in the rooms that the cavalry had arrived. Creeping along the balcony, Ronnie walked behind me, constantly checking behind us with the gun held close to her chest. It would’ve been hilarious if a girl’s life wasn’t at stake.
When we were finally in front of the door Malachi had come through, I held up the disk, watching it spin in the air. It swung for a moment before it shot straight out, pulling at the lanyard, trying to hurl itself at the door.
Ronnie and I shared a look. I pressed my ear to the wood of the door, the curling paint on the wood poked me in the cheek. I couldn’t hear anything inside. I touched the doorknob, turning it as quietly as possible until I felt the resistance of the lock. I shrugged at Ronnie’s questioning look. It was worth a shot. I couldn’t feel any magic emanating from the door, so at least we didn’t have any spells we needed to break.
I placed my finger to the keyhole in the doorknob (no fancy electronic locks in this classy place), and released a bolt of power, hearing the mechanism inside snap. We waited a moment to see if the sound roused anyone inside. When no one came charging out at us, I turned the knob. It gave easily under my touch this time. I threw the door open, and Ronnie and I flung ourselves to either side of the doorframe, trying to shield ourselves. All we heard were muffled cries.
I rushed inside and saw Joey bound to a chair, half naked and gagged with duct tape. Her right eye was a puffy mess of bruised flesh, swollen so much that you almost couldn’t see the color of her eye. Her left cheek was split, the cut already starting to scab over. Her face was wet with tears and she was sniffling, in desperate need of a tissue. Even her usually bright, spikey hair was flattened to her head, making her look even younger than she usually did. My heart pounded in my chest as I ran to her while Ronnie shut the door, putting a double freezing spell on it to make up for the broken lock. I just hoped it was strong enough to withstand a Were in case Malachi got back faster than we anticipated.
“Joey, I am so sorry,” I said, shaking my head, gently pulling the tape off of her face. Her bottom lip was split and the tape pulled the clot away with it, opening the wound again. I hissed an apology before moving to her wrists. She was trembling with cold; Malachi had taken all of her clothes except for her bra and underwear.
“Mattie,” Joey sobbed, “thank you, thank you.” I shook my head at her, gritting my teeth. I didn’t deserve her thanks. I was trying to peel away the duct tape from her wrists. After a few failed attempts, I pulled out my keys and started to saw at the tape until it finally gave and moved to the next. I would have used my knives, but I was afraid of cutting her with them.
“Are you okay?” Ronnie asked as she came up beside us, pulling her jacket off and draping it over Joey’s knees like a blanket.
“I should have listened to you,” Joey said, her voice breaking. “You were right; the potion did something to him.”
“No,” I said, cutting through the tape on her other wrist. Ronnie grabbed the jacket and helped Joey shrug into it. “It was mixing it with the whiskey; you can’t add another liquid ingredient to a potion like that. It changes the molecular composition.”
“Oh,” Joey whimpered, closing her eyes and dropping her head to cry. Ronnie placed a comforting hand on her shoulder while I hacked away at the restraints around her ankles, trying to free her from the chair.
“Why did he do this?” Ronnie asked. “You wanted the potion because you were in love with him and afraid to lose him, right? Why does he have you tied up?”
“I don’t know,” Joey wailed. I flinched, glancing over my shoulder, expecting the door to come flying off the hinges at any moment.
“Joey,” I said, getting her first ankle free with one more hard yank of my key against the tape. “What happened?”
“Okay, so, I poured the potion into the flask, right?” Joey said, sniffling between words. “We were at this bonfire (sniff) for the pack. (sniff) There were like hundreds of people there. (sniff).” She swallowed and I moved to her other ankle. “And people were dancing and stuff, (sniff) and I was with Malachi the whole time, but then he drank the potion (sniff). And we were just standing there, watching people dance, and I smiled (sniff). I wasn’t even smiling at anyone, I just smiled, and he freaked out!”
“Shhhh!” Ronnie said since Joey’s voice had risen so much she was practically yelling at the end. Ronnie went into the bathroom, grabbed a roll of toilet paper, and handed it to Joey so she could blow her nose.
“Go on,” I said, sawing at the tape.
“So he freaks out and asks me who I’m smiling at and I tell him no one.” Joey wiped at her face, but more tears streamed down. “And he just got crazier from there. We left and went to his apartment. He was all sweet and sugar when we were alone, but if we went out, or if I used my phone, he thought it was another guy every time.”
Ronnie was shaking her head, her brows drawn together to form a deep wrinkle in her forehead.
“I didn’t know putting it in his whiskey would do this,” Joey said, hiccupping into her tissues.
“Why didn’t you use your pixie dust on him?” Ronnie asked after Joey blew her nose again.
“I tried,” she said. “But Weres…”
“They’re kinda like trolls,” I said, my eyes still on the fraying tape in my hands. “Sometimes their skin is too thick for magical elements to get through.”
“Yeah,” Joey whispered.
“Aren’t pixies fast though?” Ronnie pressed. “Why didn’t you just run away?”
“We’re fast, but so are Weres,” Joey said. “Besides, he did this while I was asleep, took me by surprise, you know?”
“What do you mean?” Ronnie asked.
“My cousin Charlie texted me, and Malachi saw it. He thought Charlie was a guy.” Ronnie and I nodded in understanding.
“I should’ve warned you,” I said, finally freeing her ankle. “I was just so tried and stressed out when you came to see me. I am so sorry, Joey.”
“No,” Joey said, pushing to her feet, “Malachi wanted to break up. I should have just let him. This is what I get for being selfish.” Ronnie and I blinked at her, surprised by this total change in attitude. I guess a black eye would do that to you.
“Live and learn,” Ronnie said, her hand on Joey’s shoulder again. I thanked the gods she was being so nice about it. She could’ve gloated about being right, but that just wasn’t in her nature, not when we were staring at this bruised and beaten little pixie girl.
“There’s plenty of time for that later,” I said, climbing to my feet. “Once we’re back at my apartment. Get your things and let’s get out of here.”
“Right,” Ronnie said. She ran to the window by the door and pulled the curtain back just enough to peer out into the parking lot. “I don’t see his truck anywhere. If we hurry, we can get to the car before he gets back.”
“Let me just get my clothes,” Joey said as she turned to go into the bathroom. I wondered why her clothing was in there, but before I could ask her why, we heard glass shattering and Joey screaming for help. Ronnie was right behind me as we rushed to the open door. Malachi had his arms wrapped around Joey, one elongated and clawed hand at her throat.
“Any closer and I’ll kill her.”

Chapter 9
What in the name of Hera had I done in a past life to deserve this? The Fae court was breathing down my neck to save the prince, who was probably already dead. They were holding the life of my former lover over my head, and if Owen died because I couldn’t deliver Roane alive, the guilt would surely kill me if the Lord and Lady didn’t. And now I had a half-crazed werewolf holding a defenseless pixie hostage, threatening to rip her throat out because I’d been too greedy to stop brewing love potions like Ronnie said.
For the love of toads!
“Malachi, you don’t want to do this,” I said, holding my hands up in front of me, trying to placate him.
Malachi roared something unintelligible as his face started to shift, morphing from half-man to half-wolf as his rage ate away at his senses. Joey sobbed in his arms that were contorting until all of his fingers were tipped in dingy, yellow claws and curled into Joey’s flesh, threatening to slice her open.
Ronnie was a ball of heat at my back as she danced in place, unsure what to do. I looked from Malachi’s face to Joey’s and back again, trying to gauge the distance between us and form some sort of mental connection to Joey, praying she’d read my thoughts on my face, but that Malachi would be too far gone to.
Without taking a moment to think or breathe, not wanting to give Malachi any kind of warning, I brought my power to my hands and threw a bolt of energy at him, striking him in the face. He howled in rage, his body going rigid for a moment before he regained control of his muscles. He threw Joey to the floor at his feet and stood over her, placing one booted foot on her back to hold her in place as he leaned toward me, slashing his claws at me. In the tiny space of the bathroom, he came dangerously close to catching my face with his claws, and I had to bend backward, into Ronnie, to avoid getting shredded.
My hands were crackling in electric sparks, making my arms tingle almost in pain. I threw another bolt of power at him, aiming for his chest now that Joey was out of the way. It struck him with an acrid smell of burning fur. He roared in pain, spittle flying from his lips. His jaw had grown like his hands, his face contorting into a muzzle full of teeth. His shoulders were expanding as I watched, the fabric of his shirt stretching and ripping over his back. He was losing control of the change, and if we didn’t hurry, we’d be facing off against a fully shifted werewolf with skin so thick nothing I could do would hurt him.
“Mattie!” Joey screamed from the floor just as I lifted my hands, concentrating as much of my power as I could muster without killing myself. The ball of light and power built between my fingers. “Please! Don’t hurt him!”
“You gotta be kidding me,” Ronnie said over my shoulder.
I didn’t want to kill him; this wasn’t his fault. The guy had wanted to end things, not turn this into some sort of Shakespearian tragedy. But this was all I could do until he was subdued enough to give him the antidote. The antidote that I didn’t have yet because I needed something of his to brew it successfully, and I didn’t think he was in the mood to let me pluck a hair from his head. I closed my eyes and focused on the ball of power and released it, hurling it at Malachi just as he lunged for me, pushing off of Joey with such force that I heard her scream as something broke under Malachi’s foot.
The energy bolt struck him right in the middle of his chest, and he fell with a pathetic whimper, sounding painfully like a wounded dog. Ronnie screamed, grabbing my shoulders and pulling us backward, just as Malachi’s claws flailed through the air right where my face had been a moment ago. Ronnie and I landed on the floor in a tangle of limbs and panic. I struggled to get to my hands and knees, holding out a hand for Joey over Malachi’s twitching body. At least he wasn’t dead.
“Joey, c’mon!” I yelled, waving my hand at her to hurry. She pushed away from the floor, yelping in pain and making her pause for a moment while she caught her breath. “Joey,” I urged. My heart was pounding in my chest, practically cracking my ribs to get free. Malachi was already starting to groan as he came to.
Joey got to her feet, clumsily climbed over Malachi, and took my hands. I gathered her close to me and we started to run for the door. Ronnie screamed behind me and I risked a look over my shoulder. Malachi came barreling through the door, slamming into Ronnie, sending her into the wall in a heap. He was fully shifted now – a massive wolf of fur and teeth and claws that was barreling right for us. I couldn’t help the scream that ripped through me as I threw Joey behind me, summoning all of my power until my entire body was covered with electric flashes of light and power.
Time slowed then. I could see the muscles of his legs, bunching and lengthening as he bounded for me. The hackles of his back were raised, forming a razor line of fur along his spine. His black lips were stretching over that mouthful of teeth and pain. A glob of saliva streamed backward, breaking off and falling to the ground. His claws cut into the carpet, shredding the fibers and splintering the wood underneath. Ronnie was screaming something, but I couldn’t hear her over the ringing in my ears as the power shot out of me, colliding with Malachi as he leapt into the air. I heard a gunshot ring out, cutting through the howls and ringing.
Malachi fell with a ground shaking thud, just inches away from me. My legs gave out and I collapsed to my knees, my body beginning to shake from the extreme expenditure of power and energy. The edges of my vision were starting to go dark, and I had to blink to keep the room clear. The fur on Malachi’s body began to disappear. Like a ripple on the surface of the water, his body shifted, revealing the man within the beast. His limbs contorted with snaps and pops as they reshaped themselves until we were finally looking at Malachi, naked and bleeding on the floor.
“What did you do?” I asked, but my voice sounded far away. The shot must’ve been too close to me, doing something to my hearing. I just prayed it would fix itself with a little time. If it was permanent, that was really going to suck.
“I shot him,” Ronnie said. She was still where Malachi had thrown her, leaning one shoulder against the wall, the pearl-handled pistol gripped in both her hands, held out in front of her. Her arms were starting to shake, and she lowered the gun, taking her finger off of the trigger.
“No!” Joey screamed, scrambling around me, crawling to Malachi’s side. She was still crying, her hands fluttering over him, not quite sure where to place them.
“He’s not dead,” Ronnie said with a deep breath. She clicked something on the gun, the safety I assumed, before tucking it back into the back of her pants. “I shot him in the leg, but the silver bullet and energy bolt knocked him out. He’ll be fine once we get that slug out of him.”
“Get it out of him,” Joey cried, swiveling her head back and forth between me and Ronnie.
“Not yet,” I said. It was much harder than it should have been to get to my feet, but somehow I managed it. “We need to give him the antidote so he goes back to normal. Then we can get that out of his leg, but not before.”
“Agreed,” Ronnie said, walking over to help Joey back to her feet.
“But we can’t leave him like this! He’s bleeding.” Joey gripped the front of Ronnie’s shirt, clinging desperately to her.
“We aren’t going to,” I said.
“Girl, I don’t know about you,” Ronnie said, trying to pry Joey’s fingers off of her shirt. “But I am not equipped to move a two hundred-pound man.”
“No,” I said with a shake of my head. My words were coming slow, like my mouth couldn’t keep up with my train of thought. “Joey, where is his cell?”
“What?” She blinked at me, only one eye clear through all the bruises and puffiness of her face.
“His phone, get it for me,” I said, making sure my voice was firm this time. She looked like she was going to argue with me, but after a moment, she decided to keep her mouth shut and walked over to the pile of shredded clothing where Malachi had shifted. She sorted through the fabric until his phone tumbled to the floor. Joey snatched it up and brought it to me. I sat on the bed, still not trusting my legs since I was having a hard time catching my breath.
Scrolling through the contact list, I found the name I was looking for. Jameson was the Alpha of Los Angeles. My thumb hovered over the name as I tried to find one last shred of courage to dial the number. A lump formed in my stomach when I finally pressed the name.
“Malachi, where the hell have you been?” a voice came over the line after just one ring that was so masculine, so forceful, it made me want to cower and show my throat.
“Jameson, this is Matilda Kavanagh,” I said, thanking the gods that my voice didn’t shake when I spoke. “We’ve met before; I treated your niece for Moon Burn?”
After a pause, he finally replied, “Right, Mattie, isn’t it?”
“Yes,” I said with a sigh of relief as the edge in his voice softened.
“Has something happened to Malachi?”
“Yes,” I said, closing my eyes. In as few words as possible, I explained what had happened, ending with, “So he’s on the floor now, bleeding with a silver bullet in his thigh. I have to give him the antidote. I don’t want to leave him like this, but if I revive him, he’ll kill us all. I don’t have the ability to control him.”
“I understand,” he said. “Go, get the antidote ready, and I’ll be in touch. How long do you need?”
“An hour.”
“You’ll hear from me by then.” Jameson ended the call and I dropped my hand, cradling the phone in my lap.
“They’re going to kill me,” Joey said, her voice so soft I almost couldn’t hear her. She was kneeling by Malachi again, her hand resting on his chest, rising and falling with his breathing.
“No,” I said. I stood and placed his phone on the dresser. “I’ll work something out. Now, go get dressed so we can get the hell out of here.”
With Joey out of the way, I knelt by Malachi’s head and plucked a couple of his hairs, laying them in a tissue from the box on the dresser. Folding it carefully, I slipped it into my jacket pocket.
Once Joey was dressed, I got us out of there as fast as our bruised and beaten bodies could move. I did not want to still be there when the members of Malachi’s pack got there. Joey curled up in the back seat of my car and cried herself to sleep as I drove us back to our building.
“What do you want to do with her?” Ronnie asked as we sat in the dark of the car in the underground parking.
“Can you take her up to your apartment? I don’t think having her around when the Weres get there is a good idea,” I said, glancing over my shoulder at Joey.
“Sure.” Ronnie nodded.
“Do you have any calming draughts?”
“I think so.”
“Give her one. When I’m done with Malachi, I’ll come up with a healing potion to get to work on some of those injuries,” I said, and Ronnie nodded.
“You should take one yourself,” Ronnie said.
“Yeah,” I agreed. “I’ll bring you one too. I’m sure your shoulder is on fire.”
Ronnie rotated her shoulder and winced, “It’s been better.”
***
A while later, I was in my kitchen, a cauldron bubbling on my stove, a handful of pain amulets on the counter and Artemis winding around my feet as I chopped the herbs. I had a timer on the counter so I wouldn’t lose track of time and have the Weres take me by surprise. When the potion was as clear as water, I added three of Malachi’s hairs. Blue steam billowed up, disappearing as it hit the ceiling.
I watched anxiously as the liquid shifted from clear to blue and finally settled in a pleasing shade of soft pink. The potion was ready. Now I just needed the deranged werewolf and I could put this crappy night to bed.
By my timer, I still had ten minutes before my guests arrived, so I went into the bathroom and splashed some cold water on my face, taking the chance to change clothes and get out of the stretched and bloodied things I’d come home in. I was just wrapping a cardigan around me when the knock at the door came. Artemis bounded to the door before me, but after a quick sniff at the threshold, he hissed, flicked his tail in the air, and took off for the bedroom like a shot.
“Chicken,” I hissed back at him before checking the peephole, even though I knew who it was. Jameson himself stood on the other side of the door with another large man behind him who had Malachi’s limp form draped over his shoulder. Jameson was probably well into his fifties, maybe even his sixties, but with Weres, it was always hard to tell. He was broad shouldered and narrow hipped, with closely cut dark hair that was starting to go silver at the temples. He was tall enough that my peephole was level with his square jaw that was sprinkled with a five o’clock shadow.
“Mattie,” Jameson said with a nod when I opened the door. His voice rumbled low in his chest, commanding and soothing all at the same time. I nodded back and held the door open for them to come in.
“You can just put him on the couch,” I said to the unfamiliar Were. He was one of the biggest men I’d ever seen, well over six feet tall, and his shoulders were almost as broad as any troll’s. He was wearing dark jeans and a black, sleeveless T-shirt, showing off the swirling tattoos on his arms. The black ink against his ebony skin was almost difficult to see. The ink flowed seamlessly with the dip and curve of his muscles so that they looked like he could have been born with them.
When he dumped Malachi on the couch, Malachi’s arms flopping awkwardly to the sides, his tiny, long braids swung forward with Malachi. I rushed forward and helped him pull the braids free so he could stand up.
“Thanks,” he said before walking over to Jameson to stand behind his left shoulder.
“What do we have to do?” Jameson asked.
“We have to wake him up first,” I said. That lump in my stomach rolled.
“You have to get the bullet out then.”
“Right,” I sighed. “Can you…” I waved at Malachi, arching a brow at Jameson.
“Control him once he’s awake?” Jameson finished for me. I nodded. “Wouldn’t be much of an Alpha if I couldn’t, now would I?” Jameson gave me a conspiratorial smile and a wink; it went a long way toward calming my nerves.
“Great,” I said, “then let’s get started.” I went back into the kitchen and ladled out a dose of the potion in a plastic cup. If he somehow managed to knock it out of my hands, I didn’t want to have to clean up shattered glass. I gathered up the other supplies I needed to remove the bullet too: a pair of hemostats from my emergency kit, a long pair of tweezers, a metal dish, and a needle and thread.
“You won’t need to stitch him up,” the bodyguard Were said when he saw my supplies.
“But he hasn’t stopped bleeding,” I said, noting with some disappointment the growing red stain on my couch cushion. That wasn’t going to be fun to clean up later.
“Yes, but once the bullet comes out, he’ll heal,” Jameson said.
“It’s just the silver keeping the wound open,” the other Were said.
“Must be a nice perk,” I said, setting everything down on the coffee table before I knelt in front of Malachi. I swabbed away some of the blood and used the hemostats to spread the wound. Then I was digging for the bullet with the tweezers, trying not to lose whatever was left in my stomach. When I finally had a grip on the damn thing, it came out easier than I expected it to. I plopped it in the dish with a tink of satisfaction. The wound was already starting to seal itself by the time I turned to look at it again.
“Time to get back, Ms. Kavanagh,” the bodyguard said. His hands were on my shoulders, urging me to my feet and pulling me backward.
Jameson was already next to Malachi’s head, watching and waiting for the first signs of him regaining consciousness. 
“Mattie is fine,” I said over my shoulder, trying to distract myself from the nerves raging through me like an angry bull.
“Kyle,” he said, smiling at me. It was a bright white smile that made the skin at his brown eyes crinkle, and I noticed the hint of green just around his black pupils. He was a good smiler. It wasn’t a noise that caught my attention, or any kind of movement; it was the sudden building of power snapping along my skin that brought my attention back to the two men at my couch.
Malachi was awake. His eyes flashed open, bright and yellow and glowing. Even as far away as I was, I could see the huge, black, elongated pupils as he looked for his enemy – for me. I was choking on my heart and I couldn’t hear what Jameson was saying over the thundering in my ears. In another moment, I realized Jameson wasn’t speaking, he was singing, soft and low, his magic rippling out of him like water lapping at the shore.
I felt the raging anger of Malachi, his wolf trying to rise, but Jameson drank in the power, the anger, and washed him in cool, calming waters. Malachi’s eyes were dimming by the moment.
Kyle leaned over me, placing his face close to mine. He smelled of peppermint. He whispered, “You’re up, be careful, move slow.” Pressing my lips together, I nodded, forcing myself to breathe as I took that first step forward, pulling my feet out of the blocks of cement holding me down. My hand was shaking as I reached out for the cup with the antidote and I had to hold it with both hands to keep from spilling it. Kyle came around the back of the couch to the other side, behind Malachi’s head. He reached out and slipped his hands under Malachi’s shoulders and lifted him so he was sitting up. I glanced at Kyle and he nodded; it was now or never.
I bent close to Malachi, lifting the cup to his lips. His eyes locked on mine and I saw a mix of confusion and anger, but behind that was something much more upsetting: Malachi was a little bit afraid. Staring into his usually gray eyes, I hated myself a little bit.
I pressed the edge of the cup to his lips and tipped it. A drop rolled over the edge when he didn’t open his mouth right away, but with the urging of his Alpha, Malachi opened his mouth and let me pour the liquid. When he’d swallowed it all, I moved back as quickly as I dared, placing my body behind Jameson’s so Malachi couldn’t keep staring at me. My whole body shook as we waited.
Kyle eased Malachi back on the couch and took a step back. Jameson kept singing in that soft, rumbling voice in a language I didn’t know, but I could feel the power of his voice, soothing all of us, not just Malachi. Almost ten minutes passed before Jameson’s voice faded to silence. I leaned around him to look at Malachi. He was sitting up, holding his head in his hands, his elbows braced on his thighs.
“Malachi,” Jameson said, his rumbling voice adding a new sound to the syllables.
“I am well, Alpha,” he said, his voice rough from all the earlier growling and roaring. “Thank you.”
“J-Jameson,” I stammered and then cleared my throat. “A word?” The Alpha looked down at me for a moment before nodding. I led us into the kitchen, all the way to the back wall to give us some privacy, even if I knew the two Weres in the living room could still here us at this range.
“I am not going to seek the pixie girl’s head over this,” Jameson said, surprising me enough to make me forget what I was about to say.
“How did you know I was going to ask you about her?”
“We, as a people, are not known for forgiving and forgetting,” he said, squinting down at me. I nodded, glancing down the kitchen as if I could see into the living room. Jameson sighed then, closing his eyes before leaning against the wall and crossing his arms over his chest. The cost of the calming magic, controlling Malachi’s wolf was showing on his face. The lines around his steely blue eyes were a little deeper and the corners of his mouth were pulled down.
“Are you all right?” I asked. “Can I give you something? A pick-me-up?”
“No,” he said, shaking his head slowly but not opening his eyes. “I am fine, just a little tired. I told that pup to leave the pixie girl alone, but it seems that just spurred him on.”
“You knew he was dating outside of the pack?”
“A lot of the young ones do,” he said, pushing his shoulders away from the wall and finally looking at me again. “It’s a type of rebellion, but what they don’t understand is that it isn’t forbidden to date outside of the pack because we don’t like to mix with other species. It’s a rule because often we cannot love them in a way they understand.”
“I’ve heard,” I said, glancing away. I knew a couple of girls in school who had dated Weres only to have their hearts broken. Weres, especially young ones, were often fickle, even when they mated with their own kind. It was something about the Wolf; it wanted to run free and wild. Tethers were meant to be snapped. And eventually they always ran and you never saw it coming. Joey hadn’t stood a chance.
“Is the pixie girl all right?” he asked. I glanced up at him. I was pretty sure he knew Joey’s name, but for whatever reason, he was making it a point not to use it. Maybe it helped not to make it personal.
“She’s heartsick, but I think she’s learned her lesson,” I said. “Listen, Jameson, I’m sorry; I brewed the potion. You know, it’s how I pay the bills. I was careless and didn’t tell her the dangers of mixing it with something like whiskey. Anyway,” I said, shaking my head to clear the rambling thoughts that were spilling out of me. “I hope you don’t hold any ill-will toward me. Maybe we can work something out to make things right.”
“We all must eat and we cannot all hunt for our dinners in the night,” Jameson said with a small smile. “But perhaps, one day, I’ll need your help.”
“Of course,” I said, “I’m just a phone call away.” Maybe it was guilt for brewing the potion, or maybe it was Jameson’s calming magic, but I didn’t feel strange promising something like that to him. Something told me Jameson wasn’t the kind of man to take advantage of someone.
“I think it’s time I get that pup home,” he said, placing a hand on my shoulder and giving it a squeeze. “Thank you for breaking the spell.” I nodded, not sure I deserved his thanks.
“Jameson,” I said, stopping him at the end of the kitchen. “You’re sure he,” I nodded vaguely in Malachi’s direction, “won’t come looking to even the score with me or the pixie girl?”
“I’ll make sure he doesn’t,” Jameson said, and that was reassurance enough for me.
“Please,” I said, grabbing a revitalization draught from the counter, “take this.” I pressed the vial into Jameson’s hand. He stared down at it for a moment, as if debating arguing with me, but after a moment, he nodded with a small smile. He turned to lead the way out of the kitchen and I followed, grabbing a pain amulet on the way.
Kyle helped Malachi to his feet, keeping a hand on his back as they sidestepped out from between the couch and coffee table, joining Jameson at the door.
“Thank you for your help,” Malachi said, dipping his head.
“Don’t thank me,” I said, picking up a hand to wave his thanks away. “I’m so sorry this happened.”
“Ms. Kavanagh,” Kyle said, leaning toward me, “if you have an opening tomorrow night, I’d like to stop by?”
“Oh sure,” I said, holding the door open for them. “Seven is good if you can come early. And please, call me Mattie,” I reminded him.
“That works. Thank you.”
“Here,” I said handing him the pain amulet, “give this to Malachi. He’ll probably need it.” Kyle winked and turned to follow his pack members.
I closed the door behind them, turning and resting my back against the door. Artemis came out of the bedroom, his tail swishing in the air as he lifted his nose to sniff. He jumped on the side table by the door and stared at me.
“Yes,” I said, reaching out to scratch the top of his head. “The dogs are gone, but one will be back tomorrow, so you’re just gonna have to deal with it.”
“Mmmrrrr,” Artemis growled low in his throat and jumped down, sauntering into the bedroom, flicking his tail as he disappeared into the dark room.
“Whatever, grumpy,” I said, rubbing my face. I wanted to go to bed too, but I had to call Ronnie first and let her know the coast was clear.
“So Joey’s safe? You’re sure?” Ronnie asked. Her voice was low and muffled, like the phone was too close to her mouth.
“Yeah, he promised,” I said, slumping to sit on my couch. I reached behind me and pulled my grandmother’s afghan from the back of the couch and draped it over my legs.
“Is that enough to be sure?”
“Promises from Weres are like getting promises from the Fae,” I said around a body stretching yawn. “If someone in their world breaks a promise, it’s like a death sentence.”
“Sounds good enough to me,” Ronnie said, catching my yawn. “Well, she’s passed out in my guestroom, so I’ll just let her spend the day here and we can get her cleaned up and home tomorrow night.”
“Thanks, Ronnie.”
“Sure, just be sure to get some sleep yourself.”
“Roane’s seeking spell is finally done,” I said, glancing toward the kitchen. “I really ought to—”
“No,” Ronnie said, cutting me off. “Do it tomorrow. There have been no news stories, no ransom demands, nothing; it can wait until you get some sleep.”
“You’re probably right,” I agreed, feeling the fingers of sleep pulling at me as I slid down, lying on the couch, staring up at my ceiling. 
“Come by when you wake up and get a few of these pain amulets.”
“Yeah, sure. Listen, thanks for not, you know, saying ‘told you so’ about the whole love potion thing.”
“No problem,” she said, going quiet. I knew she wanted to ask me if I was going to keep brewing them and to be honest, at that moment, I didn’t have an answer. After tonight, I was inclined to swear off of them forever, but in the light of a new night and when my coffers are bare again, I might not be so inclined. When times are tough, you’ll do just about anything to feed yourself. And unfortunately, love potions were my best seller. If I cut them out, I’d be screwed come rent time.
I said good night and ended the call before Ronnie could push the issue. Propping myself up on my elbows, I looked over the back of the couch into the kitchen. The teacup with Roane’s ring was still sitting on the window sill, just waiting for me. A pang of guilt went through me when I fell back, curling into the couch as another yawn stretched my face. Ronnie was right; I needed rest if I was going to be up to hunting through town for Roane. I mean, if I got up and went looking for him now and found him, would I be in any shape to rescue him if he needed rescuing? No, not even a little bit.
Artemis jumped onto the back on the couch, startling me, but he was on my hip, purring loudly, before I could muster up the energy to snap at him. He curled up into the bend of my knees and hips, his warm energy working as a soothing balm after such a stressful and painful night. I fell asleep with the sound of his purring filling my senses.

Chapter 10
I hadn’t even checked the time before I fell asleep. When I woke, the sun was still up, so I knew I’d gone to sleep much earlier than usual. I guess rescuing a pixie from a rabid Werewolf would throw your body’s clock out of whack.
“Prrrow,” Artemis demanded, sitting on my bladder.
“You aren’t supposed to eat for another few hours, don’t you boss me,” I said, picking him up as I stood up. My shoulders sagged and my back protested. Served me right for sleeping on my couch.
“Mrrrow,” he said with a little more effort.
“Quit the ‘tude, dude,” I said, tossing him to the floor. He twined around my ankles, trying to trip me on my way to the bathroom, but it didn’t work. The pressure in my bladder was going to win over the rumbling in his stomach and he could just grouse about it all he wanted. Once in the bathroom, I couldn’t resist the call of the shower and the idea of hot water working on my aching muscles.
By the time I was in my robe, the tips of my hair dripping into the collar, and back in the kitchen, Artemis was on the counter by the fridge, trying to paw the door open.
“Jeezo, fine,” I said, tossing my towel on a kitchen chair. I poured Artie his precious cream and a bowl full of dry food. Twitching the curtain open, I looked out the window over the sink. The sun wasn’t even setting yet it was so early. It was strange to see the city lit by sunlight. It wasn’t that I never went out during the day, but it was rare, very rare. I pushed the power button on the coffee and saw the clock said it was three-twenty-eight in the afternoon. Hours of daylight left and hours before Kyle would be by.
While the first drops of coffee hit the bottom of the glass carafe, I reached for the teacup with Roane’s ring inside. The potion inside had completely evaporated, as it should have, and Roane’s ring looked brighter than when I brought it home. I fished it out and set the cup down, holding the ring up to the light. The tarnish was gone and the silver caught the sunlight in a white sparkle. I felt the gentle hum of the magic inside, waiting for me to say the incantation to bring it to life.
“Theo has you,” I mumbled, glaring at the ring. “I just know she does, the hag.” I set the ring back in the teacup, that way I knew where it was until I was ready to go out. I fixed myself a cup of coffee before heading back into the bedroom to dry my hair and get dressed. The sun wouldn’t set for at least three hours, three and half if I was lucky, which meant the entire vampire lair was asleep. It was the perfect time for me to go in and search for Roane, especially with the ring ready to go.

***
I sent Ronnie a text to let her know I was going in search of Roane and I’d let her know later how things went. I didn’t expect her or Joey to be awake so early and I didn’t want to wake either of them. If anything was wrong with Joey, I was sure Ronnie could tend to her just as well as I could.
I’d forgotten just how bad traffic was when the humans were awake en mass. The same trip that took me and Fletcher minutes to accomplish left me sitting at almost every red light on the way there, making the trip nearly an hour long.
Slumping in my seat at yet another red light, I reached forward to turn up the radio, humming along with the tune. The cars crept forward, moving so damn slow that I was caught at the line when the light phased from green to red again. I gripped my steering wheel hard enough to make it squeak under my hands.
“That was the latest from Black Witch White Magic,” the DJ’s super excited voice cut through the music. “Now for the news, brought to you at the top of the hour, every hour!”
Someone behind me laid into their horn, as if it would make the light change or any of us move faster. I saw the man next to me lift his hand and give the guy a one-fingered salute, earning him another blaring honk.
“Another missing person has been reported this week. Last week a fairy man named Batheon Manders was reported missing by his wife, though no ransoms have been made.” I stared at the radio and turned it up. “Today reports have come out about a gremlin man who has been missing for three days. The authorities have not yet released his name.”
“Seriously?” I said, but they were already moving on to another subject.
“And in happier news, someone has finally won the Mega Millions!” The DJ sounded happy enough about that you’d think he’d won the damn thing. “After ten straight weeks without a winner, someone has finally come forward with a winning ticket worth nearly two hundred million dollars!”
“Wow,” I said, glancing at my radio, almost expecting to see the DJs’ cartoon smiles beaming at me. They started bantering about what one could buy with so much money. I turned the radio off. 
I made it through the intersection when the light changed to green, but I had to cut a guy off to get through the next one before I got caught by another red light. My wheels were squealing to a halt as I pulled up to the valet in front of the Esterwyn.
With a relieved sigh, I got out of my car and tossed the attendant the keys. Tucking my ticket into my bag, I walked up to the gilded doors. A tall man, whose face was hidden by his cap, opened the door for me. I mumbled a thanks and scurried past him, slowing when I made it into the lobby. Glancing around, I realized there weren’t any supernatural people around at this time of day, which was a little surprising considering not all of us are nocturnal.
I made my way to the restaurant that Fletcher had brought me to. Today it was packed with humans, and I realized it was happy hour. This was either a very good thing or a very bad one; more people meant fewer would notice me, but more people meant more eyes catching a secret door being opened.
“Screw it,” I whispered, tossing my hair and walking in. I was suddenly very happy with my choice in attire. I’d taken a little bit of time applying some makeup to hide the dark circles under my eyes and flat ironed my hair to make it shiny and the tips looked sharp. My black skinny jeans were tucked into my knee high boots and my blue sweater highlighted my eyes, but my short jacket hid it from view. I’d twined a silk purple scarf around my neck again since I’d be around vampires and I didn’t want to send any mixed signals, but I’d foregone any jewelry in case things got violent like last night. But at least I was dressed well enough to blend into this after-work crowd.
The hostess, a vampire pet by the look of her pallor and the scent of dried blood that clung to her, spared me a glance, but I kept my eyes resolutely forward and walked to the bar so she didn’t stop me. I slipped through the crowd, trying my best to be inconspicuous until I got to the end of the bar and only a few feet and one guy stood between me and the invisible door. I took a half step toward it only to have that guy take a half step in front of me. I cocked an eyebrow and looked up at him. He was awfully pale.
He eyed me from his great height with grey eyes so pale the color nearly bled into the whites of his eyes. They were in stark contrast to the mop of black hair slicked back on his head. Apparently the entire lair wasn’t asleep after all.
“May I help you?” he asked, tilting his head to the side.
“Just going in,” I said, feigning a casualness I didn’t actually feel. I just hoped he couldn’t hear my heart thudding in my chest over the din of the restaurant.
“Humans are not allowed in without an escort,” he said. He crossed his arms over his barrel chest before lifting his chin, taking his eyes off of me, dismissing me. I wondered if it was helpful or hurtful that he thought I was a human. I decided not to enlighten him.
“Well, my escort is inside,” I said, waving a hand at the door behind him. “He probably hasn’t risen yet.”
“And why are you here so early?”
I shrugged, “Got off work early. Thought I’d come on over, maybe surprise him.”
“Not always the smartest idea,” he said, glancing down at me again. I stared up at him, refusing to look away, not wanting him to think I was lying or had anything to hide. “You’re a pet?”
“I am.”
“Who do you belong to?” I hated that question and it took every ounce of self-control I had not to balk at the phrasing.
“Fletcher,” I said.
“Huh,” he said, his shoulders relaxing just a bit. “He’s a good kid.”
“Yeah,” I said, capitalizing on his sudden change of attitude, “I like him.”
“All right, but you listen to me.” He pointed a finger at me, squinting. “Pet or no, don’t you show up here after hours by yourself again. You get me?”
“I do,” I said with a nod. “I’m sorry, I’m new at this.”
“It’s okay, I like Fletch.” He turned and touched the same spot in the wall I’d watched Fletcher touch and the door opened. He held it open for me and I slipped in under his arm, darting into the hallway before he closed the door behind me.
The hallway looked entirely different today than when I’d been with Fletcher. Gone were the dark and pressing red lighting. Now it was bright and open, the overhead lights turned on and the wall sconces were off. That wasn’t the hallway I was most concerned with; it was the next one with the fetish rooms and voyeuristic audiences. I started down the sloping hallway, feeling the temperature drop as I went. What was with vampires and the cold? Maybe they wanted their pets like they wanted their cocktails: chilled and on ice. Weirdos, the lot of them.
I was more than a little grateful for my jacket and scarf when I came to the door at the end of the hall. I stared up at the little trap door where a peephole would be in a normal door; I’d forgotten about this. Fletcher hadn’t given some secret password to get through; the guy on the other side had just looked at him and let him in. I reached for the doorknob only to stop, realizing there wasn’t one. 
“Frogs,” I whispered. I steeled myself, balled up my fist, and knocked lightly, almost hoping no one would answer.
The wood slid back and I had to take a couple of steps back to be able to see the pair of dark eyes staring at me. I could see the spark of life in those eyes, so I knew it wasn’t a vamp manning this door like the first one.
“Yes?” he asked in a deep baritone. I swallowed, wondering what I was supposed to say exactly, but I figured I might as well keep up the same story as I’d given the first guy.
“Sorry, kinda early I guess,” I said with a light laugh. “I’m here to see my Keeper.” It took a lot for me to choke out that word.
“Who’s are you?”
“Fletcher?” I didn’t mean for it to sound like a question, but it did. The guy stared at me for a few moments, and I was just glad he wasn’t a vamp because I was sure my lie hung heavy on my breath.
“Fletch got a new pet?” he asked, and I could see the skin around his eyes crinkle as his brows drew together. I gave a small shrug, not sure how to address that. Had it been so long since Fletcher had a pet that this would be strange to someone? Gods I hope not.
“Good for him.” He slid the partition closed, and I heard the locks turn in the door before it opened. The man stood back and held the door for me as I slipped through. He was definitely a human and definitely a pet by the studded collar and the tiny black leather shorts he wore. There were metal loops around the collar where he could be tethered and walked like a dog. I tried to control my lips as a sneer threatened to give me away. The only other thing he wore were a pair of boots that I thought Fletcher might like; they were black vinyl that reached to his knees. They looked so shiny I could’ve checked my makeup in their reflection.
“Thanks,” I managed with a tightlipped smile. He nodded at me, the inky tips of his hair shifting forward to hang in his eyes. He turned away from me, crossing his arms over his broad, naked chest, and stared resolutely at the door. It was strange to have him turn his back on me, just trusting me to move through the lair unattended. I guess Fletcher was pretty well liked and trusted. I was going to have to be careful not to trade too heavily on his name; I got the feeling he wasn’t the guy I wanted to cross. I shook off my worry and turned away from the doorman.
I was so relieved to see that the lounge was just as brightly lit as the hall. The sounds of flesh hitting flesh and moans were gone; the room was filled with sweet, sweet silence. I blew out the breath I had been holding, more than a little grateful that I wasn’t going to have to navigate through naked, gyrating bodies by myself.
I checked my phone for the time. I still had about two hours to get back to my apartment for Kyle’s appointment. If I hurried, I could make it. With one more check over my shoulder to make sure the doorman wasn’t watching me, I pulled Roane’s ring out of my pocket and whispered, “Expiscor,” against the metal. I felt the zing of answer as the trigger word set the charm into motion, but then it went quiet in my hand. I frowned at the ring, holding it up close to my face, as if I could see what was wrong with it. If Roane was anywhere nearby, it should be practically vibrating in my hand, not lying flat like this.
I remembered how deep Fletcher had taken me into this place and thought maybe, with so many walls between us, maybe Roane was still too far away for the ring to pick up on his signature. I tucked the ring back into my pocket and walked to the door leading to the next hallway. I would eventually get deep enough to be close enough to him to get the ring to respond for me.
It was strange moving through this place while it was so empty and well lit. When I went through the door leading into the antechamber where the more violent sex acts had occurred, I found myself hesitating, terrified that maybe there would be vampires awake and already occupying those spaces. I didn’t want to know how much worse they behaved when they didn’t have a human audience. Would they be worse? Or more tame? I squeezed my eyes shut and shook my head. It didn’t matter; either way, I didn’t want to see it.
With one last breath to steal my nerves, I pushed the door open. The hallway was just a brightly lit and empty. What was more, the rooms were empty too. Though now I could see all the apparatuses that were in some of the rooms. There were tables with chains and restraints, a wheel with restraints at five points, whips and canes of various sizes hanging on walls, and latex costumes hanging like Christmas sweaters in opened bureaus. It was all so clean and organized, like a doctor’s office, it made me a little dizzy. Each room had a drain in the center of the floor. I didn’t like to think why those were necessary and moved down the hall, clutching my bag to my chest so it wouldn’t bounce against my hip.
I turned the corner, finally finding the hallway with the doors that lead to the living quarters of the resident vampires. I remembered Fletcher taking me down this hallway, but then we turned and turned and turned again, and I knew there was no way I could be sure which door was his. But why would I need to find Fletcher’s door? He wasn’t the one I was looking for. I shook my head to clear it and dug out Roane’s ring, expecting it to be tingling with energy, but it continued to lay quiet in my hand.
“Buzzard’s guts,” I hissed, staring at the little ring of metal. “I know I did the spell right, damnit.” I closed my fist around the ring and started down the hall. There had to be another way into the common rooms than just through the apartments. At least, I really hoped there was. If not, I was royally screwed.
I wandered through the halls, arbitrarily choosing left and right turns as the hallways ended, praying I’d find my way out of here before the vampires rose for the night. I was getting so turned around I was willing to give up on finding Roane if it meant I got out of here alive. Finally I came to a door that looked nothing like the apartment doors; this door was nearly twice as high as the others with ornate carvings trailing all over, much like the bathhouse door. My stomach knotted up against my spine and I checked the ring again. Still nothing. If I’d done the spell right, and I was pretty sure I had, that meant Roane wasn’t here. Just like Theo had said.
“Doesn’t mean she doesn’t have him though,” I reassured myself. “Just means he’s not here.”
I took a step toward the door, reaching out for one of the doorknobs. There was no answering tingle of a spell laid into it, surprisingly enough. I assumed the vamps would have at least one witch on the payroll to put some protection spells around this place. The knob was cool to the touch, like everything else around here. I gripped it with a new determination. I was going to find Theo, cast a truth spell on her, and find out where she was keeping Roane. Then I was gonna hit her with my knockout powder and get the hell out of here.
Just as I was turning the knob, feeling it give under my hand because it wasn’t locked, a voice sounded behind me. “Mattie!”
I spun around, pulling the sachet full of knockout powder out of my bag, ready to throw it, but the sight of Fletcher’s confused face stopped me.
“Tadpoles on toast, Fletcher!” I hissed back at him, dropping the sachet back in my bag, the tension in my shoulders melting away again.
“What are you doing?” he demanded, grabbing me by the shoulders and pulling me away from the door. Fletcher spun us around, pressing me against a far wall and effectively hiding me with the line of his tall body.
He was dressed for the night again, looking very much like he did when I first met him in the restaurant. His floor-length, black trench coat whispered against the floor as he moved. His pants were covered with straps and buckles tonight, though I doubted they had any practical purpose. The silver metal caught like jewelry in the light. He wasn’t wearing the ridiculous boots with all the buckles, so I wondered if he’d chosen the pants to make up for the lack of bling on his shoes. He was wearing black and white Creepers that had to have at least two and a half inch platform soles. They added to his already impressive height, just like the boots had, and made him tower over me again.
He dipped his head closer to my face, his steely eyes boring into mine as he asked me again what I was doing. I opened my mouth, ready to tell him, then I remembered him taking me to Theo and watching as his self-control slipped out of his eyes. I closed my mouth and glared up at him, swallowing my reply.
“Mattie,” Fletcher said, seeing the stubbornness setting into my face. “You’re gonna get yourself killed wandering around here by yourself. Do you have any idea what time it is?”
“Yes,” I said, lifting my chin.
“Obviously you don’t,” he said as he took a step back, letting his hands drop from my shoulder. “The younger vampires are already starting to wake up.”
“So?”
“So?” Fletcher ran his hands through his hair, tugging on the ends, taking a breath to control his anger. “So, Mattie, they’re younger vampires, they’re waking up hungry, and they aren’t old enough yet to have pets.”
“Oh,” I said, feeling the creeping blush of embarrassment heat my face.
“And you’re walking around here, your pulse hammering away like a goddamn dinner bell,” Fletcher finished even though he didn’t need to.
“Right,” I said, glancing up and down the hallway, realizing I couldn’t remember which way I’d come.
“So,” Fletcher said, drawing out the word. “Wanna tell me what you’re doing?”
“I can’t,” I shook my head. “You’re obviously bound to Theo; if I tell you, you’re just gonna go running to tattle on me.”
“Everyone is bound to Theo,” Fletcher said, evading the second part of my statement.
“What do you mean?”
“She’s the master of our city,” Fletcher said.
“I know you all answer to her.”
“No,” Fletcher said, making a cutting motion with his hand. “We’re bound to her; as the Master, she has dominion over all of us. The farther down the family tree you go, yeah, the compulsion is lesser, but when you’re younger, like me, the compulsion is strong.”
“So when you’ve been dead for a while,” I said, “she won’t have as much control over you?”
“Well,” he said, scrunching up his face as he thought about it. “You have no idea how powerful she really is, but yeah, what happened the other night wouldn’t be so extreme.”
“Okay,” I said, “well, that’s what I’m talking about. If I tell you what I’m doing here, you’re too vulnerable to keep it a secret.”
“Trust me; of the two of us, you’re the vulnerable one here.”
“I know I didn’t think this through,” I said, trying to fight back the heat in my face, “but I thought Roane was here and I have a seeking charm, so I thought I’d be out of here in a minute.”
“The charm isn’t working?”
“No.”
“So Theo wasn’t lying to you.”
“Not necessarily,” I said, lifting my chin again. “It just means Roane isn’t here, in this building. Theo could still have him somewhere else.”
“To what end, Mattie?” Fletcher demanded, throwing his hands up in the air. “Theo is one of the most powerful beings in our entire county. What good would come of having a Fae prince held captive?”
“Fairies have magical powers, Fletcher.”
“So do vampires.”
“It’s not the same,” I argued. Glancing away from Fletcher’s searching and confused eyes, I tried to think of a reason for Theo to have stolen Roane. But really, did she need a reason? She took Owen away from me out of pure jealously. She has eons of life ahead of her. I will be long dead before her. She could have let me have a measly century or so with Owen.
“Or maybe she wants something from the Lord and Lady of Dunhallow,” I said, pulling myself out of that warren of angry thoughts.
“Like what?”
“Obviously I don’t know,” I said, leaning into his space as well. “Obviously a mortal witch can’t understand the way crazy ass immortals’ minds work, but I know they like to mess with each other and play bullshit mind games.”
“You really think Theo would risk war just to play a mind game?”
“Yes.” That was a question I didn’t even need a moment to think about. I could see Theo’s face when Owen came scampering back to her, knowing I would be waking up alone and heartbroken. Yes, Theo would hurt someone else just to play a stupid mind game.
“Fine,” Fletcher sighed, realizing he wasn’t going to win this argument. “But you admit that Roane isn’t here, so you need to get the hell out of here before you’re caught.”
“I have to figure out where she’s keeping him before I go.”
“How do you plan to do that?”
“I’m sure I don’t know,” I said with a sigh, feeling the fight go out of me. These last few nights, I haven’t felt like myself, feeling the fairy dogs biting at my heels, terrified the Dunhallows were going to lose their patience at any minute and decide to end me when I was least expecting it.
“You really don’t think these things through, do you?” Fletcher asked. I lifted my face to meet his, ready to snap at him only to have the words die on my lips. Fletcher was smiling at me. There was a twinkle in his eye, something I hadn’t seen in a guy’s face since I caught Owen’s attention so many years ago. I amused Fletcher.
“I usually do,” I said, finding my voice again. Fletched shook his head, that damn smile still playing about his mouth. I felt a tingle run up my spine, making me squirm away from it. I would not, would not, fall for another vampire. Ever.
“Then you’re off your game, Ms. Kavanagh,” Fletcher said. “Time you remembered how to play. C’mon, I’ll help you.”
“No,” I said, holding up a hand to stop him. “I can’t ask you to do that. You don’t owe me anything.”
“I know that,” Fletcher said, reaching out to take my hand and pull me with him down the hall. “But I brought you here in the first place; if you get caught, it’ll be on me. So, really, it’s in my best interest to help you and get you the hell out of here before the Elders wake.”
I wanted to argue with him, to get away from him, but he was right; I’d dragged him into this by convincing him to bring me here in the first place. I stopped fighting his pull and started rushing with him. He ran us past the ornate door I was about to go through before he caught me and continued down the hall.
“Where are we going?” I whispered, suddenly worried about the level of my voice.
“We’re going to find a friend of mine,” Fletcher said cryptically. “He’s in Theo’s inner circle, but for the right price, he’ll sell you any piece of information you want.”
I don’t have any idea how he managed it, but I soon realized that Fletcher had brought us around full circle and we were among the apartment hallways again. He brought us to a stop in front of a door that looked like all the other doors around us, but his confidence that this was the right door was enough for me. Fletcher knocked, but it took two more knocks and one pounding before the lock on the other side clicked open.
“Yes?” A very young pair of eyes blinked out at us.
“Is Tate up yet?” Fletcher asked. The eyes blinked at us again before the door opened another inch and I was able to see the soft face of a very young human girl. If she was a day over nineteen, then I was a blue-horned slug. Her face was soft and flawless, pale with blood loss, making her dark brows a shock of color on her face. Her black hair tumbled behind her, down her shoulders.
“He is rising,” she answered, and I picked up on a slight accent that made her voice very pretty to listen to. She stood back, holding the door open for us. When the light fell on her and I walked by, I saw the marks up and down the sides of her neck. Some were older and healing, making the fresh ones, red and swollen, all the more obvious.
She ducked her head when we made eye contact, averting her eyes as a healthy flush colored her cheeks. At least she wasn’t totally dead, yet. Fletcher led us into the apartment. This one was very different than his; it was quite a bit larger for one thing, Fletcher’s entire apartment could have fit into the sitting room of this one. But it was also much colder than Fletcher’s, decorated in blacks and whites and chrome. I couldn’t imagine anyone taking a nap on that square block of a couch.
“Will you tell him that Fletcher is here to see him?” Fletcher said to the girl after she closed and locked the door. She bobbed her head again and scurried past us, keeping her eyes on the floor in front of her tiny feet, her white nightgown snapping at her ankles as she went.
“Be sure he’s fed before he comes out,” Fletcher called after her just before the door in the back fell closed. Fletcher motioned for me to sit, but I wasn’t entirely sure I wanted to. When he shrugged and lowered himself to the couch, placing his feet on the glass and chrome coffee table, I huffed and took a seat in one of the matching, square armchairs.
It took this mysterious Tate so long to come out and join us that I was a tight ball of nerves by the time the bedroom door opened. My knee was bouncing and I had to sit on my hands to keep myself from chewing my thumbnail. I kept check my phone for the time, watching my window to get back in time for Kyle’s appointment quickly shrinking.
“Fletcher!” a voice boomed through the room, announcing Tate’s belated arrival. He burst through the door, sending it flying into the wall with a slam that made me jump. Fletcher smirked at me, silently telling me to brace myself.
When Tate walked into the living room, I got a clear look at the vampire and immediately wished I hadn’t. He was as tall as Fletcher, only Fletcher’s Creepers made him a couple of inches taller. But Tate was practically naked; he wore flimsy silk, white boxers that were nearly lost against his pale white skin and a red velvet robe that he hadn’t bothered to tie – which is why I knew what his boxers looked like. He had coarse black hair that curled over his chest and down his round belly, disappearing into the straining elastic band of his boxers. His hair was snow white and slicked back against his head.
Tate’s eyes were such a faint color of blue that they were almost colorless. He had a full lower lip that made him look like he was pouting when he wasn’t smiling, and when he was smiling, his mouth stretched wide like a clown’s. Something about him made him look like he should be sweating, but without a heartbeat, vampires didn’t sweat. He was just greasy. Everything about him made me want to keep a decent amount of space between us.
He was shaking hands with Fletcher, clapping him on the shoulder and laughing when those beady eyes alighted on me and he realized I was standing there. One pale blond eyebrow arched over his freckled forehead as he glanced from Fletcher’s face to mine. He took a step around Fletcher to get a better look at me, and I found myself wanting to move behind the chair I had been sitting in.
“And what have we here?” he drawled, taking a step toward me. “Brought your own toy to the party, have you?” He grinned at Fletcher and took another step toward me. I held my breath, hoping to hold in the scent of fear I knew I was probably emitting. I had to remain where I was. If I put the chair between us, then I would be sending a clear signal to Tate that I was prey and I could, and probably would, set off his blood lust. Though I could see the tiny smear of blood in the corner of his mouth that told me he’d already drank from the girl who let us in.
“No, Tate,” Fletcher said, reaching out and taking Tate by the arm, his fingers curling around his soft bicep and pulling him back. “She’s not a toy.”
“But she looks like so much fun,” Tate said, somehow able to draw out the last word, making it sound like it had way more syllables than it actually did.
“Be that as it may,” Fletcher said, turning Tate to face him and effectively breaking his eye contact with me, “we’ve come to barter.”
“Oh,” Tate said, his shoulders slumping and the twinkle in his eye blinking out. “Business, how pedantic.”
Tate pulled away from Fletcher’s grip and threw himself down on the couch, his robe fluttering around him, draping over the couch. He snapped two fingers, and the girl from the door came scurrying out of the bedroom, rushing to his side. She knelt on the floor beside him, tucking her tiny feet under her so that her nightgown covered them. She folded her hands in her lap and went perfectly still, just sitting there like some china doll, waiting for her orders.
I glanced at Fletcher, feeling the first stirrings of hate blooming inside of me; he kept bringing me to these creepy places without much explanation. I was so over this crap. Fletcher tilted his head, telling me to have patience, but that was something I was in short supply.
“So,” Tate said, lifting his head to look at us, “what do you want?” 
“My friend here,” Fletcher took the lead, waving a hand at me, “is an emissary for the Lord and Lady of Dunhallow. The prince, Roane, has gone missing.”
“Sounds like the little fairies need to be more careful where they leave their children,” Tate said. He reached out and took a lock of the girl’s hair between his fingers and started to twirl it idly. I wondered at Fletcher’s choice of words, but he knew how to deal with vampires better than I, so I didn’t correct him.
“Anyway,” Fletcher said, “she has reason to believe that our Mistress might have the prince hidden somewhere.”
“And you expect me to tell you,” Tate said, his glass blue eyes flicking to me. I kept my mouth shut, sure it wasn’t my turn to speak just yet.
“I assumed if anyone would know, it would be you,” Fletcher said, smiling softly.
“Flattery is a pathetic tactic, Fletch,” Tate said. He let the lock of hair fall and traced his fingers along her neck, pressing into the fresh, bloody wounds on her neck. “But, lucky for you, I am a sucker for pathetic flattery.” Tate licked the smear of blood from his fingers, his eyes on me again as his slimy pink tongue slipped around his fingers. It took more self-control than I knew I had not to cringe.
“Of course,” Tate said, pushing himself up, “this kind of information won’t come cheap.”
“Of course,” Fletcher agreed.
“What can you offer me for such information?”
“Do you actually know if Theo has Roane?” I asked, finally finding my voice. I didn’t want Fletcher to barter for me only to find out I’d be giving something very valuable for no reason.
“You expect me to reveal one of my Mistress’s secrets just like that?” Tate asked, snapping his fingers.
“I am not going to pay you for something that does not exist.”
“No,” Tate said, pushing to his feet again, shoving the girl out of his way. Only her hands kept her from smacking her face on the floor. “You’re paying for answers to your questions. That is a question.”
“Fine,” I said, but before I could ask him what he wanted, Fletcher cut in.
“We understand,” Fletcher said. He glared at me, warning me to shut up. When Tate turned to face him, I stuck my tongue at Fletcher. “I understand you have a taste for Euphoric Chocolate.” Fletcher let his words trail off, arching his brows as he watched Tate’s face. I have no idea what look passed over the pale vampire’s face, but I caught Fletcher fighting a smile. He’d found the vamp’s Achilles’ heel.
I scowled at Fletcher, grinding my teeth together to keep from cursing him. I did not brew Euphoric Chocolates, ever; not even when I was in school and everyone else was doing it. Humans had heroine, ecstasy, marijuana, and acid; we had Euphoric Chocolates, Enchanted Caramels, Blissful Brandy, and Tantalizing Toffee. None of those things ever hit my cauldron. I couldn’t believe I was stupid enough to come in here with Fletcher and hadn’t asked him what was expected of me.
“Uh, Fletcher,” I said, but he shook his head at me, just a small motion, but it was definitive. It wasn’t that I was against drug use, per say, I mean, do what you want to your body, you know? But brewing the stuff? It was so illegal that if you were caught making it, you were collared, immediately, five years minimum. 
Usually the collars were just used like handcuffs and would be taken off once you were in a jail cell, but certain crimes, like brewing these candies, meant you were collared for an indeterminate amount of time. I would be ruined. I knew some kids from school who got caught brewing a batch of Blissful Brandy for a concert who were still wearing their collars nearly ten years later. Whoa, that made me feel old.
“You mean to say your little pet here is actually…” Tate turned, pausing to take in a deep breath, leaning toward me as if he could smell my witch blood on the air. “A witch?” he purred. I never wanted to see him smile like that again.
“Yes,” Fletcher said, “and if you answer our questions about the missing prince and Theo’s involvement, she will make you a batch.”
“Two batches,” Tate said.
“Half a batch,” I countered. I couldn’t believe I was agreeing to this.
“Two,” Tate insisted. I crossed my arms over my chest and glared at him.
“None then,” I said, “never mind.”
“All right, all right!” Tate said quickly, holding up his hands in surrender. “One batch, but I want a whole batch, no skimping!”
Fletcher was nodding behind Tate’s back, desperately trying to get me to agree. If I got the answers I needed out of Tate, I wouldn’t have to come back to this godforsaken warren of debauchery again. Maybe that was worth it all on its own. I felt the fight go out of me and I sighed, waving a hand in the air.
“Fine,” I said, “a full batch. But,” I held up a finger, forestalling Tate’s happy dance, “you will find out if Theo has Roane. If she does, you will find out where she is keeping him and under what kind of security. If Theo does not have him, you will find out if she knows who does and why. And you will never tell anyone where you got this batch of candy from. Agreed?”
I held out my hand to Tate, not relishing the idea of touching this lizard man, but it had to be done. Tate pursed his lips, that puffy lower lip jutting out as he thought over my terms. After a moment, his lips unfurled into a smile that stretched over his face before he shot his hand out and gripped mine.
I covered his hand with my other, squeezing tightly, and said, “Foedus sub poena doleo mortis.” Our hands grew warm as the spell settled between us, a bright red light emanating between our palms, slowing fading away. Fletcher’s eyes were wide and his jaw hung open, looking like someone had slapped him. Tate, on the other hand, looked as though he might rip my head off.
“How dare you,” he hissed, ripping his hand away from mine. He clutched it to his chest as if wounded, but it was fine and it would remain fine so long as he didn’t double-cross me.
“You have nothing to worry about if you keep your word,” I said casually, adjusting the strap of my bag on my shoulder, settling it in a more comfortable position.
“Get out,” he said, biting off each word. But the look in his eye at the prospect of the illicit candy told me he would still keep his word. I nodded to him, spared a glance at his cowering pet who was still on the floor, and walked to the front door, Fletcher hot on  my heels.
When the door closed behind us, Fletcher caught me by the arm and turned me around to face him. His brown eyes were still wide with fear and wonder.
“Did you just do what I think you did?” he asked.
“If you think I set a binding spell on him, then yes, I did.”
“It sounded like you bound him with his life.”
“What little of it is left, yes.” I stared up at him and dared him to challenge me. My life was dependent on that slime ball keeping his word; of course I would bind him to keep it, even on pain of death.

Chapter 11
“Mattie, I said no!” Ronnie snapped at me, shoving my hand and the money I was trying to give her into my chest. “I will not sell this to you.”
“Ronnie, just take the damn money, all right?” I stomped my foot and thrust out my hand again, but she crossed her arms over her chest and turned her face away from me. “Fine,” I said and slammed the money down on the counter. “Keep the change.”
I picked up the basket full of supplies for the Euphoric Chocolates; Ronnie had everything I needed except for the key ingredient, which I would have to get at the apothecary down the block. I stormed through the shop, taking the basket with me. If Ronnie refused to bag up the stuff for me, then she was going to be short one basket.
“Mattie!” Ronnie called out after me. I could hear her running around the counter, trying to catch up to me. I picked up the pace, zigzagging through the precarious shelves, rushing for the front door. I made it out to the street before Ronnie caught me. I held on to the door handle once outside, keeping Ronnie from following me out.
“Stop it, Ronnie!” I said, glaring at her through the glass window.
“Matilda, for the love of toads, get back in here!” Ronnie yelled, her voice only slightly muffled through the door. She had the handle with both hands, pulling hard enough to make the door rattle against the frame as we both struggled against the other. Her coppery curls were loose today, and as we fought over the door, they bounced around her head, falling in front of her face like a candle flame dancing in a breeze. I had always envied her that hair, but I could see how frustrating it was just then when she sputtered and tried to blow it out of her face as she fought with me.
“Just let it go!” I said. Ronnie gave one forceful yank, pulling the door open a couple of inches before it slammed shut again as I pulled. I nearly dropped my basket and all the items inside. Ronnie yelled, wordlessly and animalistically, before she finally gave up and let go of the doorknob. I held on for a few moments, not trusting her to come dashing out the second I let go.
“Fine!” she yelled, throwing her hands up in the air and shaking her wild mane out of her face. “Go then! Get yourself killed or collared! See if I care!” She spun on her heel and stormed back through the shelves, disappearing in a second.
I blew out a breath and let go of the knob, feeling the ache in my shoulder already starting to form. Ronnie would calm down soon enough and she’d be at my door in a few hours to hear my explanation. Hopefully she would understand. Or she’d just get madder and madder as she waited to close the shop for the day and then she’d be at my door, a hex at the ready to throw in my face as she ran inside to destroy the chocolates. I guess I would just have to wait and see which Ronnie showed up later.
It was misting again, threatening to rain, and I worried about my supplies getting wet. You had to be extremely careful with any kind of potion that you had to consume. If you added anything extra, even a drop of water, that the spell didn’t call for, you compromised the entire thing. Joey learned that the hard way. I unwound my scarf from around my neck and draped it over the contents in the basket, shielding them from the mist. A shiver ran down my spine from my exposed neck, my hair not long enough to protect it.
I hurried into the apothecary shop, welcoming the musty, warm air after the cold chill. The shop was dimly lit to protect the more light sensitive plants inside, and it had an odor that you just couldn’t put a name to. It was an assault on the senses of cloves, sandalwood, patchouli, and the musty smell of decay. I really hated coming in here, but Ronnie was missing the one crucial ingredient to activate the euphoric quality of the chocolates: Copelandia mushrooms.
This shop was nothing like Ronnie’s; the shelves were low, only coming to waist height so that the owner could watch everything his customers were doing. Ronnie never had to worry about people stealing from her because of the charm she had on the front door. If you tried to take anything from the shop without paying or without permission, you just couldn’t step over the threshold. But the Apothecary wasn’t a witch like us; he was a vampire, and in a former life, he was the royal apothecary to a Danish prince. You’d think, with eternity spread out before him, he’d find something more exciting to do, but old habits die hard, I guess.
“Ms. Kavanagh,” the resonate voice cut through the shop, bringing my attention straight to him. He was tall, taller than even Fletcher and his ridiculous boots, and thin enough that I was always a little worried that a good breeze would whisk him away. His pallor was as grey as a tombstone and his hair was as delicate as feathers, so you could see his scalp through it. He had dark eyes that would bore into you, as if he never truly believed the money you were giving him was real.
“Heya, Morty!” I called out cheerfully, hearing him grumble even at this distance. His real name was Mordecai, but it really got under his dead skin that I called him Morty, so I just couldn’t resist.
I started wandering through the low shelves, looking for the mushrooms, feeling Morty’s eyes on my back the whole time. After five minutes, I gave up and walked up to the front counter, setting my basket on the floor by my feet. I pulled my bag around and started digging inside for the money.
“You got any Copelandia mushrooms?” I asked, still digging in my bag, refusing to meet his eyes just yet. I didn’t want him to think my request was any big deal because he’d try to charge me more if he knew it was important.
“Copelandia?” he asked, drawing out the word in mild surprise. I dropped the folded bills I’d finally found, leaving them in my bag. It would have been a bad idea to show him how much money I had before I saw the product and heard the real price.
“Yeah,” I said, leaning against the counter that the cash register sat on.
“And what would you be needing such a rare ingredient like that for?”
“Noneya,” I said.
“Noneya?” he repeated, cocking his head to the side.
“None ya business, Morty,” I said, making him clench his jaw. “Do you have any? I don’t need much, maybe five or six.”
Morty glared at me, his back so straight that he actually stared down his nose at me, but I didn’t care so long as I got what I was looking for. I met his glare, blinking slowly at him, making my eyes as wide and innocent as possible. He never came right out and told me not to call him Morty because he really thought if he acted like it didn’t bother him, I would eventually stop. It was really kinda cute.
“Hmph.” He finally turned away from me and pulled a key out of the lapel of his grey suit jacket. He unlocked a black case behind the counter and pulled out a glass jar, setting it on the counter. It was full of the tiny little mushrooms, roots curling along the bottom, looking for dirt. I was happy I had given up looking for them after only five minutes.
“Great, five will be plenty,” I repeated. I could have used more, the more you use, the more potent the chocolate, but for one batch, five would do. I would just have to be careful to get the potion right the first time because there wouldn’t be any to spare for a second try.
“One hundred dollars, human currency,” Morty said as he unscrewed the jar, releasing the damp earth smell.
“One hundred?” I repeated, my jaw dropping open.
“Twenty dollars a stool,” he said, plucking out each mushroom with a long pair of wooden tweezers, laying them gently in a small box lined with white tissue paper.
“Well, pick out the best ones then,” I said, flipping open my bag again to dig out the money. “No,” I said, tapping the jar and startling him into dropping the scrawny little mushroom he was about to pick out. “The best ones.”
“Very well,” Morty said, his eyes narrowing at me for a moment before he moved to pick out a fatter, healthier one from the jar.
“Wouldn’t want to tarnish your perfect reputation by taking advantage of your neighbors, now would you, Morty?” I asked and blinked wide eyes up at him as he screwed the jar closed again. He made a tired noise as he placed the jar carefully back inside the cabinet.
He reached out for the money, but I snatched my hand away and slid the box closer to me and examined the contents. Only when I was satisfied he hadn’t pulled any vampire tricks or sleight of hand, I placed the lid on the box myself and then handed him the money. He counted it as deliberately as Frankie would have as I set the box under my scarf in my basket.
“Nice doin’ business with you,” I said, tipping an imaginary hat at him, “as always.”
“Good evening, Ms. Kavanagh.”
***
I kept my eyes forward as I walked past the front windows of Ronnie’s store, but I could still feel the burn of her stare on my face as I hurried by. Clutching the basket to my chest, I fumbled with my keys in the cold. I really wished Frankie would install one of those electronic scanner things the humans fancied so much. It would be much easier to wave a card in front of a reader than trying to get the old iron key out and into the lock in the dark.
I shoved the door open with my hip, walking in backward as I balanced my bag and basket and the keys, trying not to slip on the wet tile inside. Frankie didn’t think it was part of her job to make sure there was a carpet to sop up the rain, so if the maintenance man forgot to do it, then it didn’t get done. I could hear the soft murmur of voices drifting down to me as I climbed the steps to the lobby. When I came to the top, I saw Frankie standing behind her counter, bending over to brace her arms on the counter, giving the dark man she was talking to a clear view of her envy-inducing cleavage. If Frankie was anything, it was definitely not subtle.
Frankie laughed at something the man said. It was lilting and soft, almost musical, nothing I’d ever heard come out of her fanged mouth before. Her spikey hair was violet purple tonight and she’d managed to artfully place a fringe of bangs over her forehead, framing her eyes nicely as they glowed a complementary yellow. Frankie was on the hunt.
I was halfway to the elevator when the man at the counter called out to me. “Heya, Mattie,” his voice was a rich baritone that hit the walls, and suddenly I remembered who he was.
“Oh, hey, Kyle,” I said as I turned to face him. Frankie pushed away from the counter and glowered at me. I tried not to look at her, not wanting to show her any fear that I was sure was clear in my eyes. Hell, I’d tried to get to the elevator without drawing any attention to myself, hadn’t I?
“Thought you forgot about me,” Kyle said, pulling back a sleeve to check his watch, flashing some more of that twisting black ink against his dark skin. I grimaced and nodded, a pang of guilt going through me. After the creeper Tate and the fight with Ronnie, I had actually forgotten that I was supposed to meet with Kyle at seven. It was almost eight now. So professional.
“I suck. I’m sorry,” I said, shaking my head. “If you still have time, you can come up now.”
“Yeah, now’s fine.” He smiled at me, not one ounce of annoyance in his voice. He was a strange breed of Were.
“Awesome,” I said, a little disappointed as I turned toward the elevator again and away from Frankie’s burning eyes. I pressed the call button as Kyle leaned toward Frankie again and spoke softly to her, but with his rich voice and the acoustics of the lobby, I heard him clearly.
“So, how about that number, dollface?” His hundreds of tiny braids were caught in a tie, wrapped in a thick ponytail at the base of his neck so they didn’t swing wildly like they had when we met. With his hair bound back, you really noticed the swell of his shoulders and back; I couldn’t even see Frankie they were so wide.
“Aren’t you the busy little wolf?” Frankie replied without any mirth in her voice.
“Oh, don’t be like that,” Kyle said with a light chuckle. “That’s all business, ain’t that right, Mattie?” He said the last louder, over his shoulder. My shoulders shot up around my ears before I could stop them.
“Right,” I said with a weak laugh, keeping my eyes resolutely forward, watching the progression of the lights above the elevator door, willing it to move faster.
“So, how about it?” Kyle pressed, his voice dropping low again.
“If I give this to you and you don’t call me…” Frankie said. The sound of a pen clicked open.
“How could any man be stupid enough not to call you?” Kyle said. The elevator binged as it arrived and the doors opened with a shudder. I hurried inside, turning to face the lobby again, and placed my foot in front of the door to keep it open. Frankie was writing her number on Kyle’s palm, a coy smile pulling at the corner of her mouth. I looked away before she could catch me staring. I didn’t like to think what she would do if she realized I’d seen her like that, you know, nice and sweet.
“You better answer when I call,” Kyle said, blowing on his palm to dry the ink before he turned to join me on the elevator. I was impressed to see that Kyle didn’t strut; he simply walked with the calm confidence that showed in the set of his shoulders and lift of his chin. When he entered the elevator, he turned on a heel to face the doors and leaned a shoulder against the wall, shoving his fingers into the front pockets of his dark washed jeans. He grinned at Frankie once more and winked. I tried to pretend like I wasn’t watching, but I caught Frankie’s eye just as the door slid shut, the yellow flashing bright as her smile was replaced by the more familiar glare. I’d be lucky if she didn’t find some reason to tack on some bullshit fee to next month’s rent now.
“Gah!” I said, unable to help the full body tremor once we were passing the first floor. I tried to shake off the chills Frankie always managed to give me.
“Not a fan?” Kyle asked. When I glanced up at him, I was surprised to see him grinning down at me. In the bright light of the elevator, I saw that there was a hint of green around the black of his pupils, bleeding into the brown I saw the night before. Those eyes, that easy smile, broad shoulders, and confidence… Yeah, I bet he got every phone number he ever asked for.
“You could say that. But the feeling is mutual, I can promise you that.”
“Yeah, I got that,” he said with another chuckle. “She went from hot to cold in a second when she realized I was here to see you.”
“Sorry, hope I didn’t mess up your game or anything.” That earned me a full laugh and a pat on the shoulder. I took half a step forward to catch myself under the power of that simple pat, grimacing at the sting. He shot me an apologetic look.
“No, you didn’t mess up my game,” he teased.
“Shut up,” I said as the rickety elevator came to a stop on my floor. I walked out without another word, knowing he would follow me.
I started fumbling with the keys again, nearly dropping my basket. Kyle’s large hand shot out to catch it and he took it from me, offering to take my bag too, but I waved him off and managed to get the key in the knob to let us in.
Artie was waiting for me at the door, but as soon as he got a whiff of Kyle, he hissed and spit before bolting under the couch. His yellow eyes blinked in the darkness as he growled low in his belly.
“Sorry about that,” Kyle said, but he sounded more amused than apologetic.
“Don’t worry about it,” I said with a shake of my head, pulling the strap of my bag over my head and tossing it on to a chair. “He’ll get over it when he’s hungry enough.”
“Right,” Kyle agreed, setting the basket of goodies on the kitchen table.
“Have a seat,” I said, waving at the living room, “make yourself comfortable. Can I get you something to drink? Tea, water, a brew?”
“Tea would be nice, thanks,” Kyle said as he walked into the living room. He pinched at his jeans before he sat down on the couch. I could see Artie’s eyes blinking from the dark depths between Kyle’s feet, making me smirk. Now he was good and trapped.
Snatching the basket off the table, I made my way into the kitchen. I needed to store the mushrooms properly before they dried out and ruined the recipe for the chocolates. Wetting a paper towel, I stuffed it into the bottom of a glass jar and then dumped the mushrooms on top, screwing the lid on. I eyed the jar and watched until the tiny, hair-like roots started to twist and reach for the damp paper towel at the bottom. Once a few had latched on, I felt safe enough to tuck the jar into a dark cabinet until I could start spelling.
Setting the kettle on the stove, I found my wand on the window sill, the thin piece of wood still warm from the sun’s rays. I twirled it in my fingers before tapping the stove with the tip, making the burner under the kettle flame to life. Satisfied that it was well and truly charged, I set it back on the sill, not wanting to waste any power with parlor tricks.
I went about readying a tray while I waited for the water to boil. I was rummaging through a cabinet for my stash of cookies when the kettle began to whistle. Picking up my wand again I jabbed at the flames, extinguishing them before I tore into a fresh sleeve of cookies and spilled a few out onto a plate.
I nearly dropped the entire tray when I came around the corner into the living room at the sight on my couch. Kyle was sitting back, his right foot braced on his left knee, creating a well in his lap where Artemis was curled, eyes closed and purring while Kyle stroked his black fur.
“Well I’ll be a hobgoblin’s uncle,” I said as I set the tray down on the coffee table. “How did this happen?”
“I have a way with animals,” Kyle said with a one shoulder shrug.
“But a cat?” I asked, pointing accusingly at my familiar.
“Oh yeah,” he said with a chuckle, “even cats.”
“Well,” I said as I picked up the sugar bowl, “that’s good enough for me. Sugar?”
“Just cream,” Kyle said with a shake of his head. I added two pink sugar cubes to my cup. “What is good enough for you?”
“Oh, that Artie trusts you,” I said as I added cream to both our cups, stirring Kyle’s before I handed it to him.
“Does that mean you trust me then?”
“If he does, then yes,” I said, picking up my cup before settling into the plush armchair, sinking into the cushions.
“And if he didn’t trust me?”
I shrugged before taking an experimental sip of my tea. It was still a little hot, but not unbearable. “I’d take your money, but I wouldn’t trust you as far as I could throw you and I doubt that would be very far.”
“Well thank you, kind sir,” Kyle said, scratching Artemis between his ears.
“Prrrrrrooow,” Artie replied, kneading the top of Kyle’s leg, his claws making tiny popping noises as he scratched Kyle’s jeans.
“You’ll never be rid of him now,” I said over the edge of my cup. “He can spot a sucker from a mile away.” Kyle laughed at that before taking a sip of his tea. He closed his eyes as he enjoyed the flavor and the heat. I hadn’t worried about it being too hot for him since Were body temperatures ran so high they hardly ever wore coats even in the dead of winter.
“So,” I said, leaning forward to set my cup on the table and grab one of the cookies. “What can I do for you?”
“Right down to business, huh?” Kyle grinned again, leaning forward to help himself to a cookie as well, making Artie growl in protest as he was smushed for a moment before Kyle sat back again.
“I hate to rush you,” I said, biting into the sugary treat, “but yeah, I have other appointments tonight.”
“Of course,” he nodded. “Well, you see, I get these headaches.”
“Headaches?”
“Yeah, like the most intense migraine you could imagine.”
“And you want me to brew something for you.”
“I do.” Kyle nodded. He popped the entire cookie in his mouth, not losing so much as one tiny crumb as he ate the whole thing. “See, I’ve tried human meds, but they don’t work on me.”
“Your metabolism is too fast,” I said, taking another bite of my own cookie, a burst of crumbs flying to land on my chest and lap. I brushed them away quickly, avoiding Kyle’s eye.
“That’s why? Huh.” Kyle considered my words with a nod. “Also tried pain amulets, but the best they do is take the edge off.”
“Skin’s too thick,” I said, reaching for my cup.
“How’s that?” Kyle asked.
“Weres, trolls, giants,” I said, “you all have very thick skin, so most spells can’t penetrate you, so a pain amulet, which works through ambient magic, really won’t be able to affect you.”
“Well damn,” Kyle said with a shake of his head. “Been wasting my money then.”
“Or someone’s been stealing it from you.”
“How do you mean?”
“You’ve been getting pain amulets from a witch, right? Or a warlock?”
“Warlock,” Kyle said, and for the first time, I heard a change in his voice. It was a dangerous tone I didn’t ever want to hear directed at me. He was starting to understand me even before I spelled it out for him.
“Yeah, a warlock, even a hedge witch, knows that amulets aren’t really gonna help a Were,” I explained. “He did know you were a Were, right?”
“He did,” Kyle nodded.
“I’d say he was stealing from you then.”
“Well ain’t that a thorn in the paw on a midnight run,” Kyle said, and I had to fight not to choke on my tea when I laughed. It was just a little too homespun a phrase for someone like Kyle to say.
“At least you found me,” I said trying to soothe his pride. “I can make you something for those headaches.”
“Wonderful,” Kyle said, and just like that, his voice shifted back to that soothing rich tone and put you at ease while Artie continued to purr in his lap.
“You know, I gotta say, you’re so nice for a Were, I’m surprised to know you’re also dealing with chronic migraines,” I said, making Kyle laugh. The booming noise filled the apartment and startled Artemis, making him grumble in his dozing state.
“Nice for a Were, huh?”
“You know what I mean.”
“Yeah, I do,” he said with a wink. “Well to be honest with you the headaches only come on the week of the full moon.”
“Really? Around the Change?”
“That’s right.”
“How strange,” I said. “Just curious, but were you born or bitten?”
“Bitten,” Kyle said, his voice dropping on that one word. “I was young though, probably too young.”
“How young?” I asked, finding that I was speaking in a whisper suddenly.
“Twelve.” He leveled those deep eyes on me, and that one word struck me in the middle of my chest. So young I was amazed he’d lived through the attack. I started to open my mouth to say something, anything, but he held up his hand and forestalled me.
“It is a sad and sorry story, but let’s not go down that road tonight, and please keep your condolences. I have made my peace with it. I mean, it was nearly twenty five years ago.” And just like that I was struck again, realizing he’d just told me he was somewhere around thirty seven years old; I had assumed he was about my age.
“Well,” I said, clearing my throat. “It’ll take a few hours, so you can always come back later and pick it up.”
I pushed up to my feet, setting my half-empty cup on the tray again. Kyle shifted to the edge of the couch, setting his empty cup beside mine before he lifted Artie out of his lap. He laid the protesting feline on the cushion beside him and stood. He held his hand out to me, his dark hand swallowing mine when we shook.
“Thank you, Mattie,” he said with that easy smile. “How much do I owe you?”
“Well it’s not going to be a one shot deal,” I said, taking my hand back. “The first brewing is fifty and the refills will be twenty, but each bottle will get you through the week of the full moon.”
“Is that all?” Kyle blinked at me, stopping short of letting his mouth hang open in surprise.
“I have a feeling that warlock might owe you a pretty penny or two.” I patted Kyle on the arm as I led him to the door
“Or two,” Kyle agreed. I opened the door for him and he stepped out into the hall. “Thanks again, Mattie.”
“Of course,” I said, holding onto the edge of the door. “I should have it ready for you around two. Is that okay?”
Kyle checked his watch and nodded before saying, “I’ll see you then.”
“Great. Oh and, Kyle,” I said, stopping him before he got too far down the hall. “You be sure to let Frankie know this was all just business, okay? And maybe let her know it would be unfortunate for you if your new pharmacist had any unfortunate accidents, okay?”
“Will do,” Kyle said with a chuckle. He lifted a hand in goodbye and I closed the door, throwing all the locks into place, setting the freezing spell with a touch of my finger.
“Mrrrow,” Artemis said from the couch, pausing in his efforts to clean his rear paw.
“What? I couldn’t in good conscience charge him more,” I said, walking over to pick up the tray and take it back into the kitchen. Artie followed me, mrrowing at me the whole way. “It’s not a complicated spell, okay? I can’t charge him as if it is. That’s bad business. Now shoo!” I waved a foot at his smushed face and he scurried out of the kitchen, leaving me to start on the migraine potion and the Euphoric Chocolates.
“Now watch yourself, Mattie,” I whispered to myself. “Don’t want to mix the two up.”
***
Hours later, the tips of my hair were cold with wet as they bounced against the back of my neck, sending a chill down my back in spite of the oversized sweatshirt I wore. I loved this sweatshirt. It was big enough to hang past my butt and I had to scrunch the sleeves up to keep my hands free, but the inside was soft as down and it kept me very warm. It was grey with maroon lettering across the front that touted the name of the college I had dropped out of. I would’ve finished, gotten a degree in Potion Studies and Charms, but money became too tight and I needed to eat more than I needed to buy more text books.
If my parents had been alive, I would’ve had help with expenses or at least a free place to live, but they had died two years before I’d even started my freshman year.
I closed my eyes against those dark thoughts. It had been almost six years since they died and I’d finally come to the point where I could think about them without the debilitating, heart-stopping pain. Now it was just a dull ache that I could live with. Hell, I could even look at our pictures again, some of them at least. But I didn’t like to think about dropping out of school. My mom would have killed me if she knew I dropped out, and truth be told, I was kind of disappointed in myself as well. My mom had been an exceptional witch; she had double majored in Potion Studies and Talismanic Magic and had gone on to get a Masters in Earth Magic. She’d left a huge pair of shoes to fill, and after her death, I just couldn’t do it. If it hadn’t been for Ronnie and her parents, helping me in those first two years, I might’ve ended up homeless and crazy.
Ronnie’s mom was even more skilled at brewing potions than I was, and it was due in large part to her calming tea that I kept my sanity during that rough patch. I couldn’t sleep, wouldn’t eat, and even forgot about Artemis if he wasn’t right in my face demanding my attention. Thanks to her tea, I finally started sleeping again. It took six months for me to get through that and remember how to take care of myself and Artemis.
“Prrrow,” Artemis said, twining around my ankles, as if summoned by my thoughts of him. I bent down and scooped him up on my way into the kitchen, clutching him to my chest like a stuffed doll. He arched and squirmed, rubbing his head under my chin, kneading my sweatshirt with his claws. It was good to have another living creature around when my thoughts slipped down that dark path, and a witch couldn’t have a better familiar than Artie. I was so lucky I found him in that alleyway so many years ago.
“I think someone deserves a little treat, don’t you?” I cooed as I set Artie on the counter, a wash of old guilt and affection arcing through me. Ronnie never understood how I could let him wander around on the surfaces and tabletops, telling me it was unsanitary. But Artie’s magic helped mine, so I figured he could walk wherever he wanted.
“Mmmrrrr,” Artemis purred, agreeing with me. I went to the fridge and pulled out a Tupperware bowl full of chicken salad. Artie started meowing loudly, almost yowling, as he circled the counter, more excited than I thought he would be. After dismissing the idea of spooning out a portion for him, I just set the whole bowl in front of him. Artie pounced on it, nearly knocking the bowl off the counter in his excitement.
“Easy.” He brought his head up, tiny bits of flaked chicken caught on his chin. I eyed him for a moment before he lowered his face to the bowl again, carefully this time and without shoving the bowl as he ate.
I picked up my discarded towel that I’d draped across a kitchen chair and scrubbed at my hair, trying to wring out some of the excess water. The hot shower had gone a long way to relaxing my shoulders and back, but the chill of wet hair was starting to get to me. I knew it was just the approaching holidays that were sending me down this melancholy path. My mom loved the holidays. Samhain and Solstice were the big ones for us.
We lived in a neighborhood that was just on the border between a purely supernatural community and purely human, so we got to mix and match our celebrations. Samhain was filled with trick-or-treaters and bonfires with a harvest feast. But we always did jack-o-lanterns; I think those were my favorite part and one of the few things that humans did that we did as well, even if they forgot why they were important. Of course, my neighborhood was much more careful to keep the candles in the pumpkins burning until sunrise, whereas humans just let them sputter out whenever. I still don’t know how they expected the jack-o-lanterns to do their jobs if they weren’t tended to. With all this Roane-Theo-Owen crap, I hadn’t managed to get to the pumpkin patch yet, and at this rate, I wasn’t sure I was going to.
Living where I did now, I missed the trick-or-treaters, even going so far as to buy candy on the small chance someone would come knocking at my door wearing a superhero mask or a pointy witch’s hat. A lot of supernatural kids had started to take on the humans’ traditions of costumes and candy because we liked candy just as much as humans and it was the one night where even humans accepted us wholly. But at least my business usually quadrupled during the week of Samhain and Halloween – it was one of two weeks out of the year that would send humans flocking to my door. The other week was Valentine’s Day, for obvious reasons.
Those old memories seemed to amplify the smell of the cooling chocolate that filled my small apartment, and I hated just how tempted I was to try a piece. I had never indulged in drugs of any kind growing up – mostly out of fear of what my mother would do if she caught me. Once you’ve been zapped with a well-aimed ley line charm, you learn your lesson quick. But really I was already more concerned that her punishments would be a more humiliating flavor. 
When I was in grade school, I’d stolen a love potion from her stores to give to my crush, Jasper. My mom found out before I could activate the potion and slip it to him, but instead of grounding me or something sane like that, she’d shown up at my school the next day in a bathrobe and slippers, calling out for me that I’d forgotten to take my coat. She was even wearing curlers that were falling out of her hair. I could laugh about it now, but back then, it was probably the worst thing she could’ve done to me. She was pretty damn smart.
I threw the towel back on the chair before going to the kitchen window and pushing it open. A gust of damp night air swirled in, whisking out the smell of the tempting chocolate. I swallowed and took in a deep breath of the night air, clearing my head. It had actually been a pain in my ass to make that chocolate, having to temper it just right and make the infused butter with the mushrooms. That was the key to making it euphoric, but it had to be done for just seven minutes, and you had to make sure you got every microscopic piece of fungus out of the butter before you added it to the chocolate.
You had to use Himalayan salt and only twenty three grains, not one more or one less, and the sugar had to be sifted in. And about a dozen other steps that were just as anal. No wonder the street value was so high. Trying to do all that while also brewing Kyle’s potion had been a bitch after such a stressful few nights, but they were both done. Kyle’s potion was bottled, stoppered, and ready to go, and the sheet of perfectly cubed chocolates was cooling on a cookie sheet on my counter, just calling to me.
“You’re just hungry,” I said, shaking my head and turning away from the counter. I started to reach for the fridge when a knock at my front door stopped me. It wasn’t an angry, demanding knock, or a hurried, desperate knock, it was just a normal, please-come-to-the-door-knock. Artemis picked up his head for a moment, staring at the door, but after a moment, he went back to his feast.
“No biggie, huh?” I asked him, running my hand over him as I walked by, heading for the door. I could see the unmistakable wild tumble of red curls through the peephole even if Ronnie was too short for me to see her face. Her head was bowed, as if she was staring at the floor, and I realized she was watching the shadow of my feet under the door.
I unlocked the line of locks and broke the freezing spell before I opened the door. I stood back, half my body hidden by the door, letting her walk in. Ronnie came in quietly, tossing her bag on the high back wooden chair in the living room, moving with ease and confidence as if we hadn’t had a total blow out a couple of hours ago.
“Hungry? I was just gonna fix something,” I said, closing the door and throwing the locks back into place.
“Yeah, actually,” Ronnie said, and she followed me into the kitchen.
I pulled out two glasses from the cupboard as she opened the fridge to see what I had. I turned in time to catch her cringe before standing back up. “Mattie, all you have is take-out leftovers. Don’t you ever eat any real food?”
“That is real food,” I said. “They have calories and everything.”
“You know what I mean.”
“Yeah, yeah,” I said, setting the glasses on the counter before nudging her out of the way with my hip. I handed her an open bottle of wine to pour for us before shifting the take-out boxes back and forth, trying to decide on what to have. I finally settled on the left over pasta since it was spaghetti and marinara and Ronnie could eat it too so long as she avoided the meatballs. I grabbed the remaining half of the garlic bread, stacking it on top of the spaghetti so I could grab two forks.
Practically spilling everything on the table, I handed Ronnie a fork so I could start to work the clear lid of the round container open, uncrimping the aluminum around it. Ronnie took a hunk of cold garlic bread and ripped off a bite between two fingers, popping it in her mouth. Tossing the lid aside, I hooked my foot around the chair leg and dragged it closer to sit beside Ronnie. We both stabbed at the cold noodles coated in red sauce, twirling too large bites before stuffing them in our mouths.
If we’d been in public, Ronnie would have been much more delicate about her bites, making sure to only twine one or two noodles around her fork, but here, in my kitchen, she ate with the same gusto I did. The corners of her mouth were red with sauce, as I’m sure mine were too, reminding me I forgot to grab napkins. Twisting around in my chair, I reached for the roll of paper towels on the counter and tore off two, handing her one.
“Fanks,” she managed around her mouthful, dragging the paper towel across her mouth. I nodded a welcome, having shoved a huge bite of garlic bread in my mouth and making sounds was impossible, let alone actual words. Ronnie nudged a meatball to my side of the plate, trying desperately to touch it with as little of her fork as possible. I finally stabbed it with mine and bit into it.
We ate in comfortable silence for a few minutes, only the sounds of the rain and late night traffic filtering in through the window. But I knew it wasn’t going to last; soon Ronnie would lower the boom, and we’d be arguing again about the chocolates and whatever it was that I was doing that she didn’t yet know about.
Right on cue, as if she could hear my thoughts, Ronnie set her fork down, balancing the tines on the edge of the take-out container so she didn’t leave a smudge of marinara on my table. She cleared her throat, wiping her mouth with the makeshift napkin. “So, I’m sorry I flipped out earlier, but you know why I did.”
“Yeah, I do,” I said, putting my fork down. I picked up my glass and took a sip, enjoying the bite of the chilled wine. “You also know that I wouldn’t do something like that lightly.”
“Yeah, I do,” Ronnie said with a bob of her head. “I probably should’ve asked what you were doing rather than screaming like that.”
“That would’ve been nice,” I said, quirking an eyebrow at her. Ronnie stared at me with those big eyes, clearly unsure if I was being serious or just giving her a hard time. After a few moments, I couldn’t hold it in anymore and a stifled laugh burst out of me. Ronnie smiled awkwardly before she chuckled. And, just like a soap bubble, the earlier tension burst into a million tiny pieces.
“So you wanna tell me now?” Ronnie asked. She tucked one foot under her and reached for her wine, holding the cup in both hands to warm the red liquid. “I see you got the last ingredient. How is Morty doing?”
“Oh, he’s the same warm ray of sunshine he always is,” I said, making Ronnie snort. “I did it for a trade to find out if Theo has Roane and if she does, where.”
Ronnie made a noncommittal sound. I know she was just trying to find a safe middle ground. She didn’t like what I was doing, but she could see why. I really didn’t have it in me to argue with her about this again.
“I swear, this is a one and only time kinda deal,” I said, setting my glass on the table. “It’s not some sort of new business arrangement I’m starting.”
“Famous last words,” Ronnie mumbled, unable to stop herself. She stared at me over the rim of her glass, waiting to see if I was going to rise to the bait.
I nodded at her. “Maybe, but I actually mean them.”
“Good.”
“So can we let this go and move on?”
“Of course.”
“Thank you.”

Chapter 12
I was pouring three cups of tea when the knock at the door cut through the apartment, loud enough to drown out the newscaster on the television in the living room. I was starting to wonder if people knew how to simply knock without pounding on a door anymore.
“Just a moment,” I called out as I set the kettle back on the stovetop. Unstoppering the glass bottle by the sugar cellar, I poured a measured dose of the truth serum in one cup, stirring it four times clockwise. I had picked that tea specifically because it was the last ingredient needed in the serum.
“Proloquor re vera,” I whispered on the last revolution as I pulled the ceramic spoon out of the pale tea. The liquid swirled in a tiny vortex as the spell activated before coming to a stop, the surface of the tea as placid as the deepest lake.
I picked up the tray and walked into the living room, sidestepping Artemis as he tried to twine around my ankles. I shooed him away with a flick of a foot, not coming close enough to actually kick him, but he still spat at me before turning tail and sauntering into the dark bedroom. Setting the tray on the coffee table, I made a mental note of which cup was the doctored one, before I hurried to answer the front door just as my guests knocked again.
It was nearly three o’clock in the morning, and Fletcher had called me half an hour ago to check on the progress of the chocolates. They were ready and already in a container to be taken away and out of my apartment, so long as Tate had the information I needed. Fletcher assured me he did, but I wasn’t going to simply take his word on it. As soon as we hung up, I started making the tea, resolving to make sure that Tate told the whole truth and nothing but the truth, as the humans say.
“Come on in,” I said as I held the door open, standing back to let the two vampires in. I took comfort knowing I could revoke the invitation at any moment if things went sideways. Fletcher stepped inside easily, but I watched as Tate had a moment of difficulty before he was able to force himself across the threshold. I eyed the tiny sliver of the protection talisman peeking out from the runner before I looked Tate in the eye.
He shifted his shoulders, trying to shake off my stare before he hurried to Fletcher’s side. I closed the door, deciding against throwing the locks; if I needed to rescind Tate’s invitation, I wanted the door to be able to swing open easily as he was thrown out.
“Gentlemen,” I said, waving to the living room. Fletcher moved first, followed by Tate. Both men sat on the couch, putting the center cushion between them. “Tea?” I offered as I picked up the two cups, holding them out, careful that Tate was offered the spelled cup.
“I’m fine,” Fletcher said as Tate said, “No.”
“It’s a sign of good faith in the witch community to take tea,” I insisted, reaching closer with the cups. “Be a great insult to me if you didn’t share a cup.”
It was total bullshit, but it got them to take the cups from me. Fletcher nodded as I picked up my cup, and we both took a sip. I stared at Tate and waited until he finally took a sip. He gave no indication that the tea tasted funny to him, and I breathed a little easier knowing I’d stirred the difficult potion correctly. But I needed to ask him a few test questions to be sure. I grabbed the television remote on the side table and lowered the volume.
“Tate,” I said, drawing his attention to me as he took another sip. “When did we first meet?”
“Tonight, in my apartment,” Tate said robotically. Fletcher furrowed his brow at me, but I ignored him.
“What color is my hair?”
“Black.”
“Where is the vampire lair?”
“The Esterwyn Hotel.”
“Where does Theo sleep?”
“What are you—” Fletcher started to ask, but I held up a hand to stop him. Tate wouldn’t remember me asking him these questions, but if Fletcher made a fuss, it would break our connection and snap Tate out of the trance.
“In the bottom most floor under the Esterwyn Hotel,” Tate replied.
“And how many floors down is that?”
“Five.”
I studied Tate for a moment and decided that I had asked enough test questions. That last one was a big deal and that he had answered me easily enough told me my truth serum was doing its job. It was very tempting to ask him more, steal Theo’s precious little secrets, but Fletcher was already staring at me as though I had kicked his puppy, and I didn’t want to betray him anymore. We may have just met, but he had done me a fair amount of favors already. I didn’t want to repay him with treachery.
“Wonderful,” I said, leaning forward in my chair to set my cup on the table. “Drink up, Tate.”
Tate did as he was told, taking a large swallow of the tea before blinking slowly at me.
“Tell me, Tate,” I said, lowering my voice into a more soothing register. “Did you speak with Theo tonight?”
“Yes.”
“Did you ask her if she had Roane, the Prince of Dunhallow, in captivity?”
“Yes.”
“And what did she tell you?”
“She has not kidnapped the fairy prince,” Tate said, his voice still robotic and stilted.
“Toads,” I whispered, my hands clenching into to fists as I fought not to punch the arm of my chair. I blew out a breath, telling myself to remain calm, and asked, “Does she know who has taken him?”
“No,” Tate said simply. I almost cursed again, but he spoke again, stopping me by saying, “But she is eager to find out.”
“Why?” I asked, leaning toward him.
“Because you want to know.”
“So what?”
“Theo would do whatever she can to thwart you,” Tate said.
“Why?”
“Because Owen still loves you,” Tate said, and I heard Fletcher make a noise of surprise. I held up a finger to forestall anything he might say.
“So she’s looking for Roane so that she can get to him before I can?”
“Yes.”
“Just so that my life will be in danger from the Dunhallows?”
“Yes.”
“Bitch,” I said through gritted teeth. “Has she found out any clues or any leads to Roane’s whereabouts?”
“No.” That simple word loosened a knot in my chest. I sighed and leaned back in my chair, my fingers curling into the fabric of the arms as I tried to slow the pounding of my heart.
“Mattie,” Fletcher’s soft voice reached out to me, but I didn’t want to answer him. I didn’t want to look into his questioning eyes. I didn’t want to know what he thought of me now that he knew what a tricky witch I could be.
“We’re done,” I said, throwing myself forward to stand. I took the nearly empty cup from Tate and gathered up the tray.
“Mattie,” Fletcher said again, his voice a little harder as he got up and followed me into the kitchen. I set the tray down, picked up the container of Euphoric Chocolates, and held it out to him.
“A full batch, as promised,” I said. Fletcher blinked at me and then looked at the box, his brows drawing together. “Didn’t think I’d come through on my end, huh?”
“No, it’s not that,” Fletcher said, but there wasn’t much conviction in his voice. “What you just did, to Tate?”
“It was just a little truth serum,” I said, stepping forward and pressing the box into Fletcher’s chest, forcing him to take it or let it fall. “He didn’t strike me as the kind of guy who would tell me the truth.”
“You put him under a death pact,” Fletcher said, his voice pitching.
“So what?” I said, shrugging my shoulders. “Doesn’t mean he couldn’t have told me half-truths or lied by omission. I was just making sure he kept his end of the deal.”
“You didn’t even give him a chance.”
“Look, I have had enough dealings with vamps to know better than to just trust you people,” I said. I crossed my arms over my chest, my fingers digging into my arms. I suddenly wanted them to leave, like right now.
“Oh, so we’re all the same, huh?” Fletcher shook his head at me, and I felt a knot forming in my chest when he looked away from me. “Whatever. Well, you got what you wanted. Probably should hurry up from the sounds of it.”
He turned, the buckles down his pants sending glints of light as he moved, and went to get Tate out of the living room. I opened my mouth to stop him, but the words wouldn’t come. I glared at him as he moved Tate toward the door. He glanced over his shoulder at me. I saw disappointment in his eyes and I suddenly hated him a little bit. And I hated myself a little bit more.
“Might want to rescind the invitation,” Fletcher said as he opened the door.
“Tate, you are no longer welcome in my home,” I said once I found my voice. Tate’s body went rigid and he marched out the door like a marionette being danced off stage. Fletcher stood there a moment longer, waiting for me to rescind his invitation, but staring into his brown eyes that hadn’t yet lost their humanity, I found I didn’t want to rescind his invitation.
“Fletcher,” I said, stopping him just before he stepped through the door. I rushed forward, reaching out to place a hand on his arm. I was a little relieved when he didn’t shake it off. “I don’t think you’re all the same.”
“It’s fine, Mattie,” he said, his voice low and he still wouldn’t meet my eyes.
“No, Fletcher,” I said with a shake of my head, my fingers curling into his arm. “I mean it, and I’m not rescinding your invitation.”
Fletcher nodded before he turned away, pulling his arm out of my grasp. I watched as he walked down the hallway with Tate at his side. I closed the door, this time setting the locks and freezing spell into place. I was cold and there was an ache deep inside of me. It was a familiar feeling, one I had every time I thought about that night, waking up alone, after Owen had left me for Theo. I hardly knew Fletcher; it was stupid to feel this way. What was I? Some dewy-eyed teenager?
“Snap out of it, Mattie,” I said, scrubbing my eyes with the back of my hand. “No more vampires.” I started for the kitchen to wash the dishes and then decided against it, but I did take a minute to stopper the bottle of truth serum before putting it away, hiding it in the cabinet above the fridge. It had been a painfully long night and sunrise wasn’t too far off, but if I went to sleep now, I could wake before sundown and maybe get the jump on Theo and find Roane before her. Tate said she was only looking for him to thwart me, but the Dunhallows had Owen, and I was sure that was part of her motivation. Even if that motivation was to be Owen’s rescuer instead of me. I wasn’t interested in being Owen’s rescuer. I was just trying to save my own neck.
Unfortunately, in order to save my own neck, that meant I would save Owen as well. That didn’t matter; I just needed to focus. A pain was starting to form behind my eyes as the exhaustion started to pull at me, making each step more difficult than the last. I managed to remember to shut off my television on my way to the bedroom, cutting off the cheery chatter of the newscasters talking about the mysterious lottery winner. I found Artemis curled up in the middle of my bed. I crawled in, not bothering to change out of my regular clothes. I grabbed him and pulled him to the pillows with me and held onto him like a little girl and her doll.
“Prrrow,” Artie mumbled, finding a more comfortable position to sleep in while remaining in the circle of my arms. I buried my face in his fur and breathed in his smell. He purred and I felt the healing fingers of his familiar magic caressing me, taking me away.
I dreamt of Owen and the second time we’d ever met. He had gone back to Ronnie’s shop, looking for me after he’d failed to banish the spirit that was haunting him, but I wasn’t working. Ronnie, thinking he was like any other customer, told him where I lived, so when he knocked on my door that night, I was more than a little surprised.
“Blue-eyes,” I said by way of greeting. He looked as charming that night, dry as a bone, as he had soaking wet the night before. His hair was a rich golden blond with a little bounce to it, not quite as long as I had thought when weighted down by rain.
“Ms. Kavanagh,” he said, inclining his head toward me. “The girl in the shop said I could find you here. She said you were a witch for hire?” He had a very interesting accent, not quite American, but not quite anything else either. His vowels still held a hint of a faraway land and he had a way of speaking that made you want to agree with whatever he was saying.
“Ms. Kavanagh?” he said, furrowing his brow at me. I pulled myself out of trance his voice had lulled me into, shaking my head to clear it.
“Oh yeah,” I said, answering his question ever so eloquently. We stood there for an awkward, silent moment, staring at each other. When he arched his brows at me, I remembered to blink and scrambled to invite him in.
“Thank you,” he said as he stepped inside, moving so that I could close the door. He shrugged off his leather jacket, folding it over his arm as he waited for me to direct him. He was lean, just like I had thought the other night, but his shoulders were nice and round, full enough that a girl could hold on to them for dear life. He glanced over his shoulder at me, as if feeling the burn of my stare. I recovered quickly, taking a step toward him.
“Let me take that,” I said, reaching for the jacket. I hung it on the coat rack by the door before leading him to the kitchen table, forcing myself to keep my eyes off of him. “Can I get you anything to drink, ah, um,” I struggled, realizing I didn’t yet know his name.
“Owen,” he said, one corner of his mouth lifting in the slightest of smiles. I liked that corner of his mouth.
“Owen,” I repeated, tasting the name. “Can I get you anything, Owen?”
“Thank you, no,” he said as he took a seat. “I’m fine, Ms. Kavanagh.”
“Matilda,” I said, waving off the formalities. “My friends call me Mattie.”
“And which should I call you?”
“I’m sorry?”
“Well, you say your friends call you Mattie. Are you just sharing that tidbit with me, or are you implying that we,” he motioned between the two of us, “are already friends?”
“Oh, well…” I paused, waiting for my brain to catch up with the conversation. Was this a word trap I’d stumbled into? Would I be giving him something by letting him call me by the familiar nickname? Was he teasing me? I glanced up at him and saw the corner of his mouth twitching again and there was a faint gleam in his eye. Yeah, he was teasing me. 
The heat of embarrassment warmed my face and burned away the nerves that had started to take root in my stomach, and I suddenly felt clearheaded again. I squared my shoulders and shook off the embarrassment. “You can call me Mattie; that’s fine.”
“Mattie,” he said, rolling the word in his mouth, somehow making it sound intimate and low. I refused to watch his lips as he said my name. I glanced over my shoulder, eyeing the chair behind me.
“So,” I said, hooking my foot around the leg of the chair and sliding it close to me to sit. “How can I help you? That banishing not work out for you?” All business, that’s what I needed to focus on. Not on the shape of his mouth, the glint in his eye, or the way his head tilted to the side ever so slightly when he listened to me speak. No, none of that was important.
“No, it didn’t,” he said with a shake of his head, going along with the sudden change in subject. “I was hoping I could contract you to complete it for me.”
“Sure,” I said with a head bob. “Sure, I can do a banishing, but I have to give you an open-ended quote.”
“How do you mean?”
“I mean I can’t give you an exact price for my fee until it’s complete,” I explained. “It could be a much more stubborn entity or it could be something violent and cognizant. I can’t anticipate what I’m walking into and give you a proper quote.”
“I see,” he said. “That’s fine, I’m not concerned about the cost. I’m concerned about living peacefully.”
“Great,” I said. It was always nice to come across a client who didn’t try to cheap out on the more difficult spell work. “So where is the haunting?”
“My home,” he said simply. I felt a knot form in my stomach. His home? I could barely keep myself under control with him in my home.
I cleared my throat and reached for my planner. “Okay, let’s see.”
“Isn’t this adorable,” a vaguely familiar, but totally out of place, voice hissed in my ear. I spun around, looking for the source, but Owen remained right where he was, not one muscle moving, as though the world had been put on pause and I was the only person still moving.
A black mist formed in the middle of my eat-in kitchen. The mist shifted, quickly taking on a human shape until a moment later I was staring into the lifeless eyes of Theo. She smirked down at me, the mists folding and floating around her until she stood draped in black robes that fluttered around her lithe body as she moved.
She was so out of place in my tiny apartment, looking larger than life, like some Renaissance painting come to life. Her tumbling curls were pinned artfully at the base of her neck, the tops of her shoulders exposed by the wide collar of the wispy robes. Her skin was perfect, as if there was any question about it. She moved around the table, sliding up behind Owen, laying her hands on his shoulders, staring at me from over his head. I tried not to look at her fingers, curling into Owen’s round shoulders, shoulders I used to cling to, the pale skin where my nails marked our passion. Those were not her shoulders to touch.
“So this is how you two met,” she purred. “Isn’t this adorable.” I pulled my eyes away from her pale fingers and met her stare. As a witch, I could look deep into her vampire eyes and not feel a twinge of power and I wanted her to remember that little fact.
Theo merely smirked at me. I gritted my teeth until I felt a pain forming behind my ears. I didn’t correct her assumption; I wouldn’t tell her how we really met. It wasn’t some great romantic story, but if she didn’t know, I wasn’t going to tell her. It was none of her damn business.
“Seems as though you are always coming to Owen’s rescue,” she said. I tried not to watch as her hands slid down to the panes of his chest, her fingers slipping between the buttons of his shirt, knowing the tips of her fingers were touching his cool skin. I wondered if he felt cool to her or, if to each other, they felt warm. I pushed that thought out of my mind. I didn’t like where it led.
“Are you the princess in shining armor, Mattie?” she teased.
“Matilda,” I said through gritted teeth.
“What’s that?” she asked, pretending as though she hadn’t heard me with her head ducked down, putting her face close to the crook of Owen’s neck.
“My name is Matilda,” I said, refusing to acknowledge her stupid games.
“Oh, yes,” she said as though it was the most boring thing in the world. “Matilda Kavanagh, the witch for hire.” She smirked and walked around, dragging her hand over Owen’s body as she moved, placing herself in front of him so I couldn’t see past her. She flicked her robes back so she could place her hands on her hips as she stared down at me. Her eyes glinted with power, though no spark of life existed in their shadowy depths, and not for the first time I wondered why people would give up that spark of life to become one of these creatures.
“This is just a dream,” I whispered to myself. I closed my planner and shoved it away from me. Bracing my hands on the edge of the table, I bowed my head and closed my eyes to concentrate. “Just wake up, Mattie. She’s not really here; you’re not really here.”
“Really?” Theo mocked me, even chuckling quietly as she watched me, but I refused to look up at her. Squeezing my eyes tighter, I concentrated on waking myself up. I didn’t care why Theo was here, but I had a feeling it was to keep me off track of finding Roane before her. For all I knew, she had a way of keeping people in an enchanted sleep and I would just lie in my bed, wasting away as I starved to death because I couldn’t wake up.
Theo made a noise of disgust. I could feel her moving around me, but before I felt her touch or heard another sound, I felt myself falling. The chair I was sitting in was suddenly gone. I opened my eyes in time to see my kitchen and Owen racing away from me as I sped through the world as it became black around me. In the next moment, I jolted up in bed, fully awake and gasping for breath.
I clutched my covers, my nails threatening to rip the fabric of my sheets. I concentrated on the feel of the bed under me and the caressing warmth of Artemis’s aura beside me. He made a rumbling noise in his sleep, hardly disturbed by my sudden movement. Drawing in a deep breath, I held it until my lungs burned and released it slowly. I was awake and home and safe. Everything was fine.
“Interesting little trick that was,” Theo’s voice teased from the shadows of my darkened bedroom.
“Sunnovagremlin!” I cursed, scrambling backward until I was pressed into my headboard. Artie hissed in the dark, and I reached for the light on my nightstand. The light flooded the room and revealed Theo looking exactly as she had in my dream, draped in black robes, as she lounged in the armchair in the corner. She was examining the nails on her right hand, one perfectly shaped eyebrow arched as she waited for me to calm down.
“I don’t believe I’ve ever seen anyone actually force themselves awake from a dream before,” she said, dropping her hand to look at me.
I probably made quite a ridiculous sight, clutching the sheets to my chest like some simpering woman in one of those movies from the fifties, terrified someone would see their pajamas. I pushed the short strands of disheveled black hair out of my face, tucking the ends behind my ears, and tried to calm to beating of my heart. I didn’t like the curve of her lips as she watched me, listening to the thundering in my chest.
“What the hell are you doing in my home?” I demanded.
“And what a quaint little home it is,” Theo said, giving up her examination of her nails, carefully not answering me.
“Theodora,” I said, careful to hit every syllable of her name, “you are not welcome in my home. I command you to leave.” We stared at each other, the only light coming from the window. The sunlight made the shadows brown. Theo didn’t move from my chair. I watched as her lips curled into a smile as the moments ticked by.
“Something wrong, dear?” she asked, tilting her head to the side as she watched my face. I’m sure my shock was plain on my face. I closed my mouth, trying not to grind my teeth. Dropping my covers, I pushed up to my knees and scrambled off the bed, making sure to keep my eyes on the woman the entire time.
 “I take it you never rescinded Owen’s invitation?” Theo asked casually as she turned her attention away from me to look at the clutter on the tiny table beside her. She pushed a few books back and forth to read the titles before she picked up a ceramic dragon my father had given me on my thirteenth birthday. The muscle in my jaw jumped as I watched her lift it, turning it over in her hands to look at the tiny jewels gleaming in its eyes and watch as the crystal wings changed colors in the moonlight.
“Put that down,” I said through gritted teeth. Theo glanced up at me, a gleam in her eye that looked nothing like the jewels on my dragon. Sparks ignited at my fingertips, fully expecting her to take me at my word and drop the little figurine, making it shatter against the wood floorboards. She cocked an eyebrow at me again, but in the next moment, she set it gently on the table exactly where it had been.
“Such a temper,” she said, tsking as she shook her head. “Not very good manners.”
“Why are you here?”
“Answer my question and you’ll answer your own,” she said.
“Owen’s invitation?” I asked, and she nodded. No, I hadn’t; I didn’t have the chance. The bastard had left while I was asleep, like a coward. As that mean thought flitted through my mind, I remembered him sitting at my table, warning me that I should help the Dunhallows. I could have rescinded his invitation right then and hadn’t. Why hadn’t I? Was I that pathetic? Would I really let him come and go from my apartment at will on the chance that he’d come back to me? Why in the names of the seven layers of hell would I want him back?
“You never did, did you?” Theo asked. She was moving again, rising from the chair like a rolling fog through my bedroom. She walked around my bed until she was standing dangerously close to me, her gossamer black robes fluttering around her dainty and bare feet. I was suddenly very aware that I was standing there in a concert T-shirt and underwear. It’s hard to feel very secure without pants on, let me tell you.
The sparks at my fingertips faltered for a moment as she stared at me. Now we were practically the same height without my shoes on. Her gaze felt overly intimate and I found myself wanting to back away from her. But damnit, I was in my home, not hers! I would not back away. Theo dropped her eyes to my hands, alive with electric power again.
“I want you to leave now, vampire.” I spat out the last word, hoping my distain would fling her from my home, but still, she just stood there staring at me.
“Owen belongs to me,” she said, making a muscle in my cheek jump. “My blood runs through his veins. Where he goes, I may go. Seems so unfair, doesn’t it,” she teased, her pretty bow mouth curving into a smile. “Mortals always seem to think so.”
“Theo,” I said, finding my voice again, “what exactly do you want? Why are you here?”
“What?” she asked, blinking innocently at me. “You can come and go as you please through my lair, but I can’t pop by for a little chat? Now that doesn’t seem very fair.”
“I only came to look for Roane.”
“And did you find him?”
She knew I didn’t find him, and it was a tough pill to swallow to admit I’d been wrong about her and admit she didn’t have him hidden somewhere else.
“So what do you think will happen?” she asked, her blue eyes twinkling in the moonlight like only a vampire’s could. “You’ll find the boy prince, return him to his parents, and they’ll release Owen. And then what? Do you suppose Owen will run to you, sweep you off your feet, and twirl you around like those movies the humans love so much? Then you’ll kiss that one perfect kiss and remember how much you love each other?” She said “love” like it was something slimy on her tongue. “Don’t you get it?” She leaned closer to my face so that her breath washed against my face. It smelled of wine and iron. “You can’t have him; he belongs to me.”
“I know that,” I said, almost as surprised as Theo was at how soft my words were. There was no venom, no heat. “I don’t want him back.” 
Theo stood up straight, moving out of my personal space. “Please, spare me your little games.”
“No games,” I said with a shake of my head. “Theo, that night that I woke up and he was gone? When you called him back to you? That was one of the hardest nights of my life.” I didn’t bother to tell her the only other time I’d cried like I had that night was when I’d found out my parents had died in the metro bombing set off by a zealot human hate group, targeting supernaturals on their nightly commute to work. She didn’t need to know that. “Why the hell would I want to go through that again?” I held my hands up, almost pleading for her to understand.
“Then why are you doing this?”
“Why?” A harsh laugh escaped me, the sound surprising her into taking a half step backward. “Why do you think? Because I don’t want to die. The Dunhallows think I owe them, and this is the only thing they’ll take as a payment. If I don’t find Roane, or if you find him first, they’re going to kill me.”
Theo stared at me and I knew she was deciding whether or not to believe me. I expelled a breath through my mouth, giving her the chance to smell the truth in my words. For one moment, I saw the mask falter, a crack in her perfect façade. Could it be she felt bad for me?
“So, for all you care, they could kill Owen?”
“No,” I said with a sigh, putting my hand to my face, rubbing my tired eyes. I fell to sit on the edge of my bed, pulling the sheet over my legs to chase away the chill. “Of course I don’t want them to kill Owen, but he’s not the main reason why I’m doing this.”
“So you do still care for him.”
“Look, I’m not okay with anyone killing someone and then blaming me for it,” I said, fisting the edge of the sheet in my hands.
Theo stared down at me, down that perfect right angle of a nose as she weighed my words.
“I have it on good authority that you didn’t have anything to do with Roane’s disappearance, okay? So I’m not going to bother you again,” I said, hoping it would get her to leave.
“Good authority,” she said, rolling the words in her mouth. “Someone has betrayed my secrets?”
“That’s not what I said.” I started to stand, but Theo lifted a hand to stop me. She pursed her lips and looked out the window.
“Perhaps not, but it’s what you meant,” she said almost too softly for me to hear. I damned that junkie with that innocent comment. Theo would ferret him out and his dead blood would be on my hands.
“Theo, please,” I sighed, feeling the weight of world on my shoulders, “just leave me alone. Let me find Roane, free Owen, send him back to you, and just…” My words trailed off and I felt the first sting of tears. I closed my eyes, damming them before I said, “Just leave me alone.”
I felt the air shift around me, and when I opened my eyes again, I was alone in my room. I drew in a deep breath through my nose, holding it until I was sure I wasn’t going to cry. Artemis came in through the bathroom door, his head moving from side to side as he searched for Theo.
“She’s gone, you chicken,” I said, pulling my legs up and crawling into the middle of the bed. Artie jumped up, his weight shifting the covers as he walked up to my face. He butted my head with his, rubbing his face against mine. I couldn’t give him too hard a time for hiding from the vampire. They were known to dine on animals just as easily as humans, after all. I wrapped my arms around his plump little body and curled around him. He purred against me, going boneless to accommodate me, and with his warm, soothing magic settling over me like another blanket, I managed to fall back asleep.

Chapter 13
The sun was setting, melting slowly into the west, causing the bright orange rays to cut through my kitchen windows. It was so bright I cringed away from it, my eyes still crusted with sleep. I needed to get ahead of all this bullshit if I ever wanted another decent night’s sleep. I groaned when I realized I’d forgotten to make coffee before passing out for the day and the carafe sat there, empty and cold. It was all Theo’s fault, all of it, including the unmade coffee.
I grabbed my wand off of the window sill and gave the coffee maker a good whack with it, watching as purple sparks ignited from the end. A moment later, I was rewarded with the first hiss and sizzle of brewing coffee hitting the bottom of the warming glass carafe. It was a stupid parlor trick that drained my wand of power, but at that moment, as I scrubbed the sleep crust from my eyes, I just didn’t give a rat’s ass about wasting a little power.
Artie was sitting on the counter by his empty food bowls, just staring at me. His fluffy black tail hung limp over the edge of the counter, not a flicker of movement. I huffed before opening the fridge and pulling out the half-gallon of milk.
“Mrrrrr,” Artie warned just before I poured the milk, his tail swishing threateningly.
“You’re gonna get fat if all you drink is cream,” I said as I capped the jug, switching it out for the cream anyway.
“Mrrrrr,” he said again, his ears flickering indignantly.
“Well, it’s true,” I said after splashing the cream into the bowl and filling the second with dry food. His whiskers twitched for a moment, as if he really was reconsidering asking for the cream, but it wasn’t long before he dipped his head forward and began lapping it up anyway. I snickered at him as I reached for a coffee cup.
While I was fixing myself a cup of the glorious ambrosia, I heard the whisper of paper against wood. My spine stiffened before I turned to face the front door, peering around the kitchen wall to stare at the white envelope on the floor. Even at this distance I could see the swirling red script on the white paper.
“Do they know how to do anything in a non-creeper way?” I asked Artie as I stood and started toward the door. Before I could bend over to pick it up, Artemis was in front of me, placing a black paw on the envelope, stopping me. I waited as he inspected the delivery; any witch who didn’t take a warning from her familiar was likely to become a dead witch. When Artie was satisfied it wasn’t poisoned or deadly in any way, he sat back on his haunches and let me pick it up.
My name was scrawled across the front – Matilda – just like the first threatening message. When I opened this envelope however, there was a lovely stack of bills inside, about half an inch thick. I breathed in the scent of the money, sighing happily as a knot between my shoulder blades magically loosened. It was human currency, which was great because it was easier to move than gold or jewels. Those usually caused too many questions from nosey bankers, which was why Jimmy’s gemstones were still hidden in my room.
I took a moment to thumb the stack of bills, giving them a cursory count. Every bill was a one hundred dollar bill. My heart lodged somewhere in my throat and I couldn’t swallow it down for a few moments. And this was only half!
A small, petty part of me wanted to run out of the building right then and hit all the shops I was too intimidated to ever go into and buy myself a whole new winter wardrobe. But another part of me, the more practical and terrified part of me, seriously thought about marching down to the front counter and paying my rent for the next six months. Clearly I had no idea how to manage this much money all at once. Maybe I would talk to Ronnie about it later.
I tucked the money back inside the envelope and pulled out the slip of paper inside. There was no salutation or signature, just some coordinates.
“Way to be cryptic, guys,” I muttered. “Who the hell still uses coordinates?” I shook my head, thanking whatever gods had convinced me to get a computer last year. I was piggybacking my internet connection from Frankie’s apartment below mine, and so far she hadn’t noticed; again, thank the gods for that. But at least I had a way to look up the coordinates.
I took the money and stashed it in the same hiding place as the gemstones: the false bottom of the bottom drawer of my nightstand. At least now I didn’t have to worry about spending the bills I had left in my purse from Jimmy’s payment. I could eat and shop without a rock forming in my stomach.
“Well I guess I know how I’m spending my night,” I muttered.
After a shower, a few swipes of mascara, and a third cup of coffee, I was dressed and out the door. I had managed to find the location of the coordinates after a quick internet search and wrote the directions on a slip of paper so I wouldn’t get lost. The field where Roane’s token had been was in an unincorporated area, and based on the satellite pictures of the area, there wasn’t so much as a park ranger’s station for miles around. Not exactly the smartest place to put it, if you asked me.
If I were a fairy with a token to protect, I think I would actually put it within a city park, some place where people weren’t allowed to go after hours; some place that had regular security monitoring the area. It was strange that the tokens were kept outside at all, but my mother had told me once that fairy tokens had to be outside so that they could draw their power from the sun and earth. If a token withered and died, then the fairy would wither and die as well. And whatever world the fairy was in, they had to take their token with them, so really, traveling from one world to another was somewhat dangerous because they had to dig their token out of the earth and transplant it before it weakened and died. Not sure I would take that risk if it were me. But then again, I’d always thought fairies were a little weird.
It took me nearly an hour’s drive to get to the field. I thought about leaving the car running with the lights on to give me something to see by, but I didn’t want to take the chance of drawing some passerby’s attention. So I cut the engine, grabbed the seeking talisman I’d whipped up, and climbed out of the car, making sure I had my cellphone in my pocket before I headed into the darkened field.
I held up the talisman and whispered, “Peto.” It spun on the cord for a moment before it swung forward, straining in the direction it wanted me to go. I started walking, placing my feet carefully for fear of gopher holes and other ways of twisting my ankles.
It was a twenty minute hike before the talisman came to a stop, hanging limp in my hand. My shirt was starting to stick to the small of my back, and I was brushing my bangs away from my forehead. Despite the cold of the night, I was sweating from the mostly uphill hike. I pulled my phone out and used it as a flashlight.
The ground around me was scorched and dead, as if someone had set fire to this small, circular patch of earth. Clearly the witch who’d cast the locator spell wasn’t very skilled. They should’ve been able to find the clover and pluck it without damaging the ground around it, which made me think they’d used black magic. It was the only explanation I could think of that would harm life-giving earth like this. I shook my head, realizing I was gonna be up against someone who didn’t mind causing permanent damage to get what they wanted.
“Not good,” I muttered to myself. I knelt down on the edge of the green grass, pulled out the crystal vile I’d brought with me, and gathered up a sample of the scorched earth, plucking a few of the white roots still reaching through the earth and putting them inside as well before I corked it. I was going to use the sample to find the signature of the witch who’d stolen Roane’s token. The fact that they also hadn’t taken the time to clean up their mess made me wonder how inexperienced these people were. I mean, if it were me, I would have cleansed the area and then done a regrowth spell to cover my tracks. But these guys? They had just left the evidence for all to see. Now I could take this home and draw out their magical signature and brew a locator spell that would be as strong as if I had a drop of their blood to activate it.
By the time I was back in my car, I was shivering. It had started to rain again and my sweat damp shirt was sending chills up my spine as the rain plastered my hair to my head, sending freezing drops of water under the collar of my jacket. I sat in the car for a few minutes, letting the engine warm up and waiting for the heat to fill the interior. When my hands stopped trembling, I pulled the glass vial out of my pocket and held it up, examining it by the light from my dashboard. The dirt was mostly black and the tiny roots were already shriveling up.
I had a feeling I knew what kind of spell had been used, not the kind of spell a witch like me or Ronnie would ever use. It was a fiend fire spell, where the caster set a ring of fire around an area where they were looking for something and the fire would slowly burn, the circumference of the ring shrinking in upon itself until it centered around the item the caster was looking for. Then it would just continue to flame and smolder until you took the item you were looking for, finally extinguishing the flames. The burned area was about four feet wide, so they’d managed to get pretty close to the clover. They just didn’t want to take the time to comb through the hundreds of three-leaf clovers to find it by hand.
“Strange they got so sloppy when they were so close,” I said. Reaching for my bag, I slipped the vial into the zipper pocket to keep it safe, hoping it was secure enough to keep the cork from coming out.
Driving home was much faster now that I knew where I was. I could feel the zing of power from my talismans as I walked through the various doorways, stepping over thresholds as I went. At least those were still working, giving me a little peace of mind. Frankie’s brother, Ramon, was manning the front desk tonight and he offered me a toothy smile and a wave as I passed by. I just nodded at him. Ramon was a notorious flirt who did not discriminate, so if you so much as opened your mouth and said “hello,” he’d pounce and you’d lose twenty minutes of your life trying to get away. I just kept moving resolutely forward, grateful for the gremlin man who stepped off the elevator just as I reached it.
I was inside, pressing the closed-door-button as fast as I could. The gilded doors slid closed on the disappointed face of Ramon just as he was stepping around the front desk. I breathed out in relief, bracing one hand on the wall. The ride up was as shaky as ever, but that time I didn’t notice as much.
The zing of power snapped at the soles of my feet as I stepped onto my floor. I rushed to my door, keys already in hand when I reached my apartment. There was no one else in the hall with me, but after all of the unexpected visits I’d had, I couldn’t help but feel the creeping, sneaking fingers of paranoia crawling up my spine, reaching to grab me, pull me back and away from the safety of my apartment.
I slammed my shoulder into the door to open it, spinning around and slamming it shut, throwing the locks into place with shaking fingers. It took me two tries to get the freezing spell to take on the knob. I rested my shoulders against the door, trying to get my breathing and heartbeat under control. Artemis sat a few feet in front of me, his black head tilted to the side as he watched me pull back from the edge of a panic attack.
“I’m fine,” I whispered. Whether I was answering his questioning face or trying to convince myself, I wasn’t really sure. “Everything quiet here?” I asked, happy to hear my voice wasn’t quite as shaky as it had been a moment ago.
“Prrrow,” Artie answered, licking his paw before dragging it over the top of his head.
“Toads,” I cursed under my breath. “I’ll bet that bitch, Theo, did something to the hallway out there to freak me out!” I ripped my bag off and let it fall to the floor with a thud before I started tearing at my boots to get them off. I flung my coat at the couch as I stalked across the room, heading for the bedroom to change my clothing, having to peel my shirt from my back.
“Now I gotta cleanse the hallway!” I snarled, pulling open my drawers, pawing through the folded clothing, turning the organized shirts into a mess as I finally picked a black shirt with the logo of Black Witch White Magic, my favorite band, written in sparkly purple script across the front. “As if I didn’t have enough to do already,” I raged, pulling a brush through my tangled hair and grabbing two small clips to pull it out of my face while I worked in the kitchen.
By the time I was cleaned up and back in the kitchen, any chill from the wet night air had been burned out of me by my own temper. I could even feel the heat of my anger in my cheeks and my hands were trembling for a whole different reason.
“I’m gonna stake that bitch one day,” I said to Artie as he waited patiently for me on the counter.
I took a moment to catch my breath, bracing my hands on the counter and letting my head drop, counting in my head to slow my breathing. I felt Artemis’s warm power next to me as he sat on the counter, waiting patiently for once in his nine lives. After a few silent moments, he butted his head against my arm, getting me to look up at him. He was purring softly, picking his way carefully across the edge of the counter until he was standing between my hands, arching his back to rub against my face. The stitch in my chest loosened and I chuckled, pushing away from the counter so I could scratch him. He was a pushy bitch sometimes, but other times he was the only thing that kept me from losing my mind.
“All right, Artie,” I said, running my hand down his furry spine. “Time to get to work.” Artemis mrrowed his consent and bounded across the counter, leaping to the other side of the kitchen before jumping on top of the fridge. He watched from his perch, his yellow eyes looking dark at this angle. His tail fell, forming a perfect black J against the silver fridge.
I grabbed a copper pot and filled it under the tap before setting it on the stovetop. I had to clear away a couple of pans that I’d forgotten to wash, dumping them into the sink. I would kill for two stovetops so I could cook at one and spell at another and never worry about cross-contamination. Picking up my wand from the window sill, I jabbed at the burner under the pot until blue flames burst to life. Artie made a small noise of approval.
I hurried into the living room and dug into my bag until I found the vial of scorched dirt. Clutching it in my hand, I rushed back into the kitchen and set it on the counter. I started rummaging through my cabinets for the necessary ingredients, finally putting my wand between my teeth to free up both hands so I could dig and grab as needed. I heard Artie make a noise of contempt, knowing I shouldn’t be biting down on my wand, but I only had two hands after all.
Half an hour later, the counters were strewn with chopped herbs, spilled water, my mother’s brass scales, and wooden talismans. I tapped out grains of the scorched dirt onto one side of the scales, the other side balanced with the one ounce weight, watching until the two sides shifted back and forth, finally settling on an even keel. I brushed the dirt into the cauldron and was rewarded with the sudden bubbling of the concoction, threatening to bubble over the edge and stain my stovetop. But it stopped just at the edge, settling down to a rolling boil.
I checked the timer on the microwave; I was moving at a good pace. If I did this right, I’d have the witch’s signature in ten more minutes. I blew out a breath, sending a loose strand of hair fluttering out of my face. Artie jumped down from the fridge, landing carefully so that he didn’t knock over any of my bottles or send any piles of herbs to the floor. He picked his way across the counter until he was standing by the cauldron. He stretched until his tiny pink nose was close enough for a sniff. I watched as his whiskers twitched. When he sat back and turned his smushed face toward me, I knew something was wrong.
“What?” I asked, stepping forward to look into the cauldron. The liquid should be on its way through the spectrum to clear and right now it should have been somewhere around lilac, but as I stared, I felt my heart leap into my throat; the liquid was pitch black and congealing.
“Mrrrrr,” Artie said with another twitch of his whiskers.
“I don’t understand!” I wailed, spinning around and grabbing my salt cellar. I dug out a handful and flung it into the concoction just as one large black bubble threatened to explode. The salt sank into the bile, causing it to deflate lamely. The bubbles subsided. I grabbed my wand from the mess on the counter and jabbed at the flames to put them out.
Setting the salt container down, I stepped closer to the cauldron and stared down at the rock sitting inside. “I don’t understand what went wrong,” I said, my voice not much more than a whisper. Artie made another noise, tilting his head to the side. “Unless…” I started as I turned around and ran for my bookshelf by the front door.
My fingers ran over the spines as I searched between my collection, my mother’s, and my grandmother’s. On the top shelf, I found the volume I was looking for. I thumbed through the pages so fast I nearly tore them, but I finally found the spell I had been brewing. Reading through the instructions, written in that strange way people used to speak in the eighteen hundreds, I found the warning I was looking for.
“Sunnovatroll,” I cursed. The spell was specifically for locating a witch’s signature; if the caster was anything other than a witch, the spell would go horribly wrong. “Not a witch? Are you kidding me?” I demanded of the empty apartment.
Artemis was next to me again, sitting and staring up at me. If he hadn’t tested the concoction, it would have exploded in the kitchen. Artemis, my furry little hero.
“Thanks.”
Walking back into the kitchen, I was struck with the putrid stench of rotten eggs. I covered my mouth with the crook of my left arm as I struggled to get the window over the sink open with my right. Cold, wet night air rushed in, ushering out the smoke that was crawling around the ceiling. Pulling my arm away from my face, I hesitated, testing the air. When I didn’t dry heave at the smell, I let my arm drop.
“Frogs, toads, and tadpoles,” I muttered, shaking my head. My beautiful copper pot was tarnished and warped, bulging at the bottom, the rim curving up and down like a relief map of mountains. A pang went through my chest; that was my grandmother’s favorite spelling pot, and I’d just ruined in.
It was still hot to the touch, so I had to grab a dishrag to handle it as I stormed out of the apartment and into the hall. Wrenching the trash shoot open, I shoved the still smoking pot in, listening as it clattered its way to the basement, landing with an anticlimactic thump in the trash bin.
The sight of my kitchen nearly brought me to tears. It was practically shambolic and with nothing to show for the mess. All those herbs wasted, all that time and power just gone. Two steps forward and one step back or whatever the hell that dumbass saying was.
During all the slamming of drawers and cabinets, running water and my cursing, I almost didn’t hear the phone ring as I was cleaning. I dug my cell out of my pocket, smudging the screen with soapsuds as I answered it.
“Matt, you okay?” Ronnie asked on the other end.
“Fucking peachy,” I said, my voice slightly muffled as I held the phone between my cheek and shoulder so I could wipe the chopped rosemary off the counter with both hands.
“What’s wrong?”
“I found where they stole Roane’s token and I grabbed some of the soil to figure out the witch’s signature.”
“Oh that’s fantastic!” Ronnie said, not picking up on my tone.
“No, it’s not fan-fucking-tastic,” I cut in.
“What went wrong?”
“I didn’t test to see if really was a witch before I started and I nearly blew up my kitchen.” I was yelling, releasing some of the pent up energy. Luckily, Ronnie didn’t take it personally.
“Oh no,” she said, and I could see her placing her free hand over her mouth, her pretty eyes going wide in fear.
“It’s fine,” I said, finally coming down from the anger. “Artie saved my butt and I salted the whole thing before it blew.”
“Oh, thank gods.”
“Yeah, just uh…” I glanced at the front door. “Don’t complain about the smell in the trash shoot, okay? I got enough problems without pissing off Frankie.”
“Sure, yeah, no worries. So,” Ronnie paused, “what are you gonna do now?”
“Damned if I know,” I said, finally leaning against the counter and holding the phone with one hand before I gave myself a crick in the neck. “Only witches have signatures, so how the hell I’m supposed to find whoever this was without something of theirs?”
“You still have Roane’s ring,” Ronnie pointed out.
“Sure, I’ll just start in the city center and start circling out, and drive for what?” I paused for dramatic effect. “Three weeks? While I go up and down every single road, by every single house until I find him? We only found Joey as fast as we did because we had a blood tie with Charlie to use. I don’t think the Dunhallows will give me their blood, do you?”
“Maybe?” Ronnie said, trying to lighten the mood, even going so far as to laugh, but I just couldn’t laugh. I’d been looking for Roane for over a week now and had nothing to show for it. I had no idea how much longer the Lord and Lady of Dunhallow were going to let this go on.
“Well, there is another option,” Ronnie said, and by the tone in her voice, I could tell I wouldn’t like it, but I was running out of ideas.
“Hit me. I’m open to any suggestion now.”
“A psychic. You could take what you have left of the soil and see if they can see something.” Ronnie sucked in a breath and waited for me to speak. I didn’t much like psychics; they were a weird bunch. Though, really, anyone would get a little weird if you couldn’t touch another person without having a vision, or visions. With how often those visions weren’t pretty things, it starts to wear on you. Eventually they all ended up in the opium dens. Opium was the one thing that dulled their senses so they could just tune out and be, but like all things, they became immune to the effects and had to use more and more for the same results. After a year or two in the dens, you weren’t exactly a pretty sight anymore.
“I suppose,” I finally said.
“I could go with you,” Ronnie offered, sounding as excited about the idea as I was. She was a good friend.
“You don’t have to,” I said, “but I’d appreciate it. The only one I know of is in the back of Noir, and I’m not sure I’m gonna be welcome in there right now.”
“That’s the only one I know of too,” Ronnie said.
“Any chance you’re up to going tonight?”
“Yeah, things are slow. I could probably leave.”
“Only if you’re sure,” I said, not wanting to be the cause of her losing any money.
“It’s fine. I’ll meet you in an hour; gives me time to get cleaned up and changed.”
“Okay, see you.”
We hung up and I glanced up at Artie, who was back on his perch on top of the fridge. His tail flicked back and forth, agitated.
“I know, I know,” I said, waving a hand above my head. “I don’t like it any more than you do, but I am officially out of options.” Artemis twitched his whiskers at me but remained silent. I turned back to the mess and finished cleaning, leaving myself barely any time to get cleaned up and changed before Ronnie would be knocking on my door.
My hair was frizzy from the steam of the failed potion and my mascara had smudged under my lower lash line, giving me a slovenly Goth look, which actually might’ve worked in a place like an opium den, but I just couldn’t go out looking like that.
I was just swiping on one last coat of fresh mascara when I heard Ronnie’s polite knock at the front door. I hit my hair with a quick spritz of hairspray to tame the flyaways and rushed out to answer the door.
“You ready for this?” Ronnie asked by way of greeting.
“As ready as I’m gonna be,” I answered, picking up my purse and slinging it over my shoulder. I’d decided against the messenger bag because we’d be searched at the door, so I knew they’d take anything of value. Instead, I had a necklace on with a tiny, decorative vial full of my knockout powder. It was only enough for one person, but I hoped I wouldn’t need anything more than that. If I did, then this was a worse idea than I already thought.

Chapter 14
The Noir Bar was run and owned by vampires. It was one of the few places they actually hung out at when outside of the lair. Vampires were a strange creature; they didn’t like crowds, but they didn’t like to be totally alone either. And really, I always got the feeling that they hated humans, but as their main source of food, they put up with the human population. I’d heard they preferred the blood of supernaturals, elves especially; something about the magical quality of our blood made it taste better and gave them a sort of high. Unfortunately for them, most supernaturals chose to steer clear of vamps. But lately I seemed to be spending an inordinate amount of time in their company.
“Jiminy, would you look at that line,” Ronnie said, pointing out the window as I turned into the parking lot.
“Jiminy?” I snorted, earning a punch to the shoulder.
“Seriously, look!” She pointed again. She was right; the line actually curved around the corner of the building and disappeared into the alley beyond.
“Frogs on toast.” I shook my head, finding a parking space all the way in the back of the lot. This was going to be a cold walk back to the car. “What night is it, anyway? I’ve lost track.”
“Friday,” Ronnie said with a groan. “Well, that explains it.” I nodded my agreement before shoving the door open and climbing out. At least it had stopped raining. It felt like it had been raining for weeks lately as we shifted from summer to autumn. But I was still happy for my jeans and boots, shielding me from the cold.
Ronnie linked her arm through mine, and we headed toward the bar. I realized, the closer we got, that everyone in line was human – not one supernatural being stood in that mass of bodies.
“C’mon,” I whispered, steering us toward the door. I felt Ronnie hesitate, making me drag her a couple of steps before she consented. The bouncer at the door was half-troll, half-human, and I knew him from high school. Luckily, I had liked him a lot more than Jimmy.
“Bastian,” I said with a smile, causing the brown-skinned, six-foot-tall man to turn my way. Bastian was much luckier than Jimmy when it came to the gene pool lottery; where Jimmy was grey and sallow, Bastian was brown and robust. Where Jimmy had a frizzy red tuft of hair, Bastian had long, thick brown hair that was a little frizzy, but only because he didn’t bother with hair products. The only thing that was particularly off-putting about Bastian was the two tusks jutting out of his jaw that curved over his upper lip. But when Bastian smiled, you forgot about those tusks.
“Mattie,” Bastian said, holding out his hands for mine. I slipped away from Ronnie and took his hands, letting him pull me into a bone-crushing hug. He smelled of damp earth and smoke. It was a pleasant smell, again, unlike Jimmy.
“It’s been ages,” I said before turning and holding a hand out for Ronnie. “You remember Ronnie?”
“Hey, B,” Ronnie said, earning another smile from the half-troll. Bastian pulled her into a hug as well. I caught him smelling her hair before he let go of her. He gave me a pained look, but I winked at him, reassuring him that his secret was still safe with me. When we were much younger, Bastian had a huge crush on Ronnie and, more than once, I wondered if it was all because of that crazy, curly, copper mane of hers.
“Allow me,” Bastian said, recovering quickly as he reached for the black velvet rope, ushering us toward the door. I heard the rustle and grumbles of the waiting line as we cut ahead. I thanked Bastian, squeezing his arm as I passed him, pushing Ronnie ahead of me. When the door fell closed behind us, I heard Bastian roar, quieting the restless crowd. Ronnie chuckled nervously, but I just pushed her forward.
“Don’t worry about it,” I said. “We’ll probably be out of here before any of them make it in anyway.”
“You’re probably right,” Ronnie said, and I watched as the tension left her shoulders and she stood up straight. “Shall we?”
We took the twisting hallway, meant to keep the natural light out of the club, until we were a little dizzy and disoriented.
“Ugh, that’ll make you dizzy,” Ronnie said when we finally turned the last corner into the bar itself.
It looked like any other dive bar in any other neighborhood in the world. Dimly lit, so you didn’t see just how grimy the floors and tables were. Tiny candles flickered on the round tables around the room. A couple of worn pool tables stood in one corner and dartboards hung in another. Booths lined one wall while a long bar took up another. Two bartenders worked the bar and the crowded stools in front of them with waitresses coming and going with tiny round trays like mini shields full of glasses.
The only thing that set this bar apart from any other was the number of vampires lurking around every corner. They were in the booths along the wall, cloistered with their prey; they were leaning on the bar, flashing cheesy, fanged smiles at the humans milling around them. They were everywhere, and if you took a deep enough breath, you could taste the tang of iron in the air. I shivered, trying to shake off the creeping crawling sensation this place gave me.
“Kinda creepy, right?” Ronnie whispered to me, but despite her lowered voice, a few glinting pairs of eyes turned our way. I averted my eyes, not wanting to invite any of them over to us.
“Yeah, kinda creepy,” I agreed, keeping my voice low as well. The vamps could glare all they wanted. We were whispering, so the humans couldn’t hear us – we weren’t fang blocking them or anything.
“So, do you want to get a drink or something?” Ronnie asked.
“Not even a little bit,” I said. “I want to get out of here as soon as possible.”
“Right.” Ronnie nodded, but when I looked at her face, I realized she wasn’t looking at me. She was watching some of the more open couples in the booths. There were couples and groups huddled together, a mixture of vampires and humans. One such couple, a female vampire and a male human, were twisted around each other on a bench seat. The woman had the man’s wrist clamped to her mouth, not even the tiniest of trickles escaping her hungry lips. His head was thrown back, his eyes fluttering closed and his lips parted in a moan.
“Ron, you okay?” I leaned into Ronnie, tugging on her arm.
“Yes,” she said slowly, pronouncing the word carefully. “Yes, we should move on.” She turned us away from the sights and sounds of the room around us. Ronnie had never been with a vampire, never felt the sweet sting of their bite. It was normal to be curious, and I was definitely not one to judge in this instance. But we didn’t have time for this so I just tugged her along with me.
There was a huge arch in the back wall leading to a sunken room that, at this distance, looked like it was completely pitch black. That was the room I was looking for: the opium den.
“Ready?” Ronnie asked.
“No,” I said, but I lead the way forward anyway. There were no guards at the entrance, no one checking anyone for weapons or ID, but I guess if you made it into the bar, you were allowed to come and go through the rooms as you pleased.
When we passed under the arch, I felt a ripple of power pass over us. It was cool and soothing, like walking through a gentle waterfall. Ronnie turned surprised eyes to me, but I only shrugged. I figured it was some sort of charm to keep the vapors and smoke inside this room and out of the rest of the bar because once inside, I realized how difficult it was to see.
“Claro,” I whispered, and suddenly it was easier to see. Ronnie repeated the charm under her breath so she could see just as well. 
There were huge cushions strewn about the floor and fainting couches set all along the walls. There were bodies lying everywhere; it almost looked like a mass suicide. I closed my eyes and shook my head, trying to get that thought out of my mind. When I opened my eyes again, I could focus on the moving parts of the room. People were lounging next to their pipes, smoking and passing them along to the next person.
Soft music filled the room and went a long way toward calming my nerves. Only Ronnie’s clutching fingers in my arm kept me on edge.
“Be careful not to touch anyone,” I reminded Ronnie in a whisper. Psychics could control their visions for the most part, but when surrounded by too many people or touched, the visions took over. After too many years of seeing too many people’s fates, murders, pain, and suffering, they either checked out of society and became hermits or their minds would snap. Many middle-aged psychics lived in assisted-living complexes.
“May I help you?” a woman asked, appearing in front of us through the vapors and smoke. She was dressed in traditional Kabuki robes and makeup. Her pitch black hair was rolled and pinned artfully on top of her head with a jeweled hair comb. Her face was paper white, making the red lipstick stand out on her face even in the poor lighting.
“I, uh,” I stumbled, not really sure how to answer her.
“Can I show you to a seat?” she half turned, holding out one hand to guide us. Ronnie started to take a step, but I stopped her. I wasn’t interested in smoking, and I had no idea how much something like that would cost anyway.
“No,” I said, “we were looking for someone.”
“Whom are you looking for?” the hostess asked, making me stumble again. Who were we looking for? Anyone who would help us, I guess. We’d come to a place where psychics went to get away from their visions and here we were hoping one of them would be willing to help us find Roane. Roane, who was being held captive, possibly tortured. Yeah, I’m sure any one of these people would jump at the chance to help us.
“We needed the help of a psychic,” Ronnie said, stepping forward to answer the question. I cringed at the look on the woman’s face. She looked ready to pull her hair comb out and stab us in the eye.
“My patrons do not come here to be bothered by tourists,” she snapped, stepping toward us again, pushing into our personal space to herd us back through the archway.
“We’re not tourists,” I said, holding my ground. “We just need help.”
“I suggest you look elsewhere. Now go.” She pointed a perfectly manicured finger over my shoulder.
“Look, I’m sorry,” I said quickly, “but two men’s lives are at stake, and I’m desperate. I’m running out of time and I didn’t know where else to go.”
Before the Wave, many psychics had shops where they read palms and cards for humans because few enough people believed in them that they could manage the number of customers they received. But once we were all out of the closet, humans realized that psychics were just as real as the rest of us, and suddenly their quaint little shops were overrun with humans looking for winning lottery numbers, begging to speak to their passed loved ones, and any other life-altering request you could think of. Within ten years of the Wave, most shops had been shut down. Now it was very difficult to find a shop with a legitimate psychic running it and not some human, witch, or warlock pretending to be a psychic to scam innocent customers out of their hard-earned money.
Now psychics were just trying to assimilate into society as best they could. Many of them worked from home. Hell, most telemarketers that call and interrupt your dinner are psychics, just trying to earn a living while staying away from the populace. They were often erratic and difficult to talk to, so I mostly stayed away from them and just depended on my own castings for answers to questions I had.
“Please,” I said again, reaching out a hand to touch the woman, but before my fingers touched her, she roared, her face contorting from the porcelain perfection to a lined and aged face. Her mouth split open into a gaping maw full of needlelike teeth, and she lunged at us.
“Get out,” she snarled, her back hunching over and her manicured nails turning into stained claws as she tried to swipe at us. I fell back into Ronnie, stumbling over the step and nearly sending us to the floor.
“Onibaba,” Ronnie hissed, scrambling back and pulling me with her. I could feel the edge of the curtain separating the bar and the den.
“Wait,” a lazy voice called out, catching all of our attention. I watched as the woman’s face melted back into the perfect mask of beauty before she turned to face the man who spoke.
He was lounging on the floor, a pipe held in one hand. His head was dropped back so that he was staring at the ceiling as he expelled a stream of white smoke. Ronnie pushed me forward to help me back to my feet and off of her. I straightened my jacket, tucking my hair behind my ears before taking a step forward. The Onibaba hissed at me as I walked by, but I kept my shoulders straight and refused to look at her.
“Excuse me?” I said when I stood close enough to the man that he could hear me whisper.
“Sit,” he said, waving a hand at the cushions scattered around him. There were two other people with him, a man and a woman. The woman’s head was resting on his thigh, and he dropped his empty hand to toy with her curly brown hair. The second man was lying on the floor, not touching anyone or anything, not even using a pillow to cushion his head. His eyes were wide and glazed over, a strange smile tugging at his lips, making his cheek twitch.
I glanced over my shoulder at Ronnie. She was staring at the man on the floor, watching his cheek jump. I wondered how much opium he’d had already – too much, by the looks of it. I took a breath and crossed my ankles before lowering myself to sit on the floor. I had to reach up and tug on Ronnie’s hand to get her to sit next to me, finally blinking and tearing her eyes away from the man.
“You’re looking for help,” the man said, not making it a question, but if he’d heard me pleading with the demon, then it wasn’t that impressive.
“Yes,” I said as I reached into my pocket to dig out Roane’s ring.
“There is a man missing,” he said. Wrapping his lips around the pipe, he took three quick puffs, holding the vapors in for a moment before passing the pipe to the woman on his thigh. “His life is in danger,” he went on, expelling the smoke.
“Look, guy,” I said, cutting him off as my temper started to rise. “You heard me say all that right over there.” I jabbed a thumb over my shoulder. “You’re not fooling me, all right? I’m not some two bit human fresh off the bus. If you’re just gonna waste my fucking time, we’ll be on our way.” I tapped Ronnie on the knee and started to get to my feet. The couple snickered, making me pause to glare at them. I shook my head and stood.
“Wait, wait,” he said, pushing up on his elbows to look up at me. “I’m sorry. Please, sit.”
“I’m good, thanks,” I said, crossing my arms over my chest.
“Here…” He dug into his pants pocket until he came out with a black leather wallet. “Go see my friend,” he said as he dug through the many creased business cards until he found the one he was looking for. He held the white card out to me.
“Your friend, huh?” I asked, arching a brow at him. “Is he as helpful as you are?”
“I said I was sorry,” he said, glaring at me. “Do you want the help or not?”
“I do.”
“Then go see my friend, tell him Micha sent you.” He held the card out for me, waving it in his impatience. I glanced at Ronnie again, but she just shrugged at me, leaving it up to me to decide. With a sigh, I reached out and took the card, my fingers grazing Micha’s as I did so.
Micha’s eyes went wide and his body shook before his back arched. His fingers grasped at mine as the vision took him. My body went cold as I watched him convulse on the floor, and I had to wrench my hand free of his to stop it. Clutching my hand to my chest, I stepped back to place my body against Ronnie’s.
The woman scrambled to Micha’s head, putting it in her lap and brushing her fingers over his sweaty forehead, making soft, soothing noises. She spared me an evil look, and I knew she wanted to hit me, throw me from this place to make up for what I’d just put her man through.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered, shaking my head. I could still feel the shivers running over my body like millions of invisible ants racing over my skin.
“Just go,” she hissed at me.
“Be careful,” Micha rasped, stopping me a second time. I turned and looked at him. His eyes were open, but distant, like he was looking through me. “She is watching; she is waiting.” Then his eyes fell closed and he passed out in the girl’s lap, his body going limp.
“C’mon,” Ronnie whispered, tugging on my arm, leading me out through the arch.
I was more than a little tempted to stop at the bar for a stiff one to chase away the chill that had settled deep in my bones, holding on with claws, but I knew I didn’t have time for that right now. Ronnie and I hurried out of the bar, arm in arm as we went, dodging through gyrating bodies and swift waitresses. My head spun as we turned the many darkened corners to get to the front door. We burst through, the cold night air slamming into us, making us gasp as we sucked in the cleansing air.
“Whoa there,” Bastian said, holding the door open for us as we caught our breath. “Matt, you okay?”
“Fine,” I gasped, holding up a hand to wave his concern away. “Fine, thanks, B. See you around.” I pulled Ronnie along with me as I rushed back to my car at the end of the parking lot. Bastian blinked after us, but being half-troll, it was particularly hard to offend him just by being curt, which I was grateful for; one less person I had to worry about right then.
We sat in the car for a few moments, the doors locked and the heat turned on high. My hands were shaking as I tried to grip the steering wheel. Ronnie was tugging at the ends of her hair, clenching and unclenching her fists to crush the curls. When my shoulders stopped shaking, I reached for the gearshift to put it in reverse, but Ronnie’s hand was on mine, stopping me.
“What,” she said, blinking those big eyes at me as she tried to think of the question she wanted to ask. “What the hell happened in there?”
“Which part? The demon threatening to rip our faces off to eat them, the drugged out psychic toying with us, or the vampire smorgasbord?” I asked, pulling my hand away from the gearshift.
“No, the vision he had,” she said, making me cringe. I recovered quickly by looking out the windshield at the climbing ivy-covered wall we were parked in front of.
“I don’t know,” I said honestly.
“Who is she?” Ronnie pressed. “Do you think he means Theo?”
“Yeah, I do,” I said with a nod. “Who else could he mean?”
“So what did he mean, ‘she is watching, she is waiting’? What does that mean?”
“I don’t know, could be anything,” I said, pressing my hands to my face and rubbing, pulling on my cheeks before letting my hands fall. “I don’t really have time to worry about that right now. Can we go?”
“Sure, sure,” she said quickly.
“Here,” I said, digging the crumped card out of my jacket pocket and tossing it to her. “Look up the address, will you? Tell me how to get there.”
Ronnie pulled out her phone and looked up the address. On our way over, Ronnie messed with the vents, directing the hot air away from her now that she was warm enough, but I was still shaking; I wondered if I would ever be warm again. I turned the heat down but tightened my scarf at a red light. In less than ten minutes, we were pulling up to the curb in front of Amazing Abidan’s, the stencil on the windows claiming he was the world’s best tarot card reader and renowned medium.
“Guess this is the place,” Ronnie said, looking from the card to the run down little shop, sandwiched between an Italian deli and a liquor store. All three shops had bars on the windows and doors.
“Yeah, seems classy,” I said, turning off the car.
“Ready?”
“You gotta stop asking me that,” I said and pushed open my door.
Bells chimed at our entrance as I pushed the front door open. The inside was nearly as dark as the street outside, lit only by candles and one lonely wall sconce that was draped with a purple scarf. Incense was burning in two corners, filling the tiny room with curling smoke and an almost choking smell that made my eyes water. On the far wall (and I use the word “far” loosely since the entire room was smaller than my kitchen), there was a small altar set up to the goddess Ganesh, her dancing feet and swirling trunk lit by half a dozen tea lights.
“Hello?” Ronnie called out, startling me after the dead quiet. “Sorry,” she whispered. Off to our left, we heard the shuffle of feet, and I realized there was a doorway draped with strands of black beads. One tan hand reached through to part the curtain before a man’s head popped out.
“Good evening,” he said in a heavily accented voice that spoke of the spice trade and far away deserts. His head was wrapped in a turban and he wore slippers on his feet.
“Hi,” I said, clearing my throat. “Um, Micha said to say he sent me?”
“Ah, Micha,” he said with a nod, folding his hands behind his back to keep from touching us in the cramped space. “You’ve come to have your fortune read, yes? Follow me.” And before I could correct him, Abidan turned and headed back through the beaded curtain. We followed him, the beads falling around us, sounding like rain before they settled.
“Actually, we’re not here for that,” I said as my eyes adjusted to the new surroundings. It was just as dimly lit in here, but I was pleased to see that it was at least twice as large as the last room and there was a large round table set in the middle. It was the kind of table that humans used to use when séances were in fashion. There were only three chairs set at the table, one by itself and two next to each other on the other side.
Abidan took the lone chair and motioned with his hand to the other two for us to sit.
“Tell me why you are here then,” Abidan said, folding his hands together in his lap as he reclined in the chair.
“Shouldn’t you know that?” Ronnie asked, arcing one brow at him.
“Ronnie,” I admonished, but surprisingly, Abidan only chuckled.
“Touché,” Abidan said. “But that is not quite how these things work.”
“Right, I’m sorry,” I said, kicking Ronnie in the shin under the table.
“Gah!” Ronnie exclaimed, bending over to rub her leg before she punched me in the shoulder.
“Knock it off!” I hissed at her through clenched teeth. “I’m sorry,” I said to Abidan. “I’m actually hoping you could help me locate someone. They’ve been kidnapped and held against their will.”
“Seems like a job for the police,” Abidan said.
“Yeah, well, the guy who is missing is a Fae prince, so…” my voice trailed off and I just shrugged.
“Oh, yes, the Fae,” Abidan said with a nod. “They do not trust anyone, especially the police.”
“Right.”
“So they came to you for help?”
“Sort of,” I said. When he tilted his head at me, I just dug into my pocket and fished out Roane’s ring. “Anyway, I have something of his; I thought maybe you could get something from it? Tell me where he is and if he’s still alive?” I felt a stitch form in my chest at the thought of finding out that Roane was in fact already dead, which of course would mean my death. I wondered if I could get out of the city before the Dunhallows caught on.
“Certainly,” Abidan said, pulling me out of my thoughts of an escape plan. “Place the item on the table.” He indicated the table with a nod of his head, still not moving his hands. I glanced at Ronnie and held my breath as I rose out of my seat and reached out to place the ring in the middle of the table, as close as I could get to his side.
When I was back in my seat, my hands in my lap, Abidan unfolded his hands and stood. He took a breath before he took the ring in hand. He was able to sit back down and place his other hand over the ring, holding it between his palms, before the visions took him. With such an amazing amount of control, I understood how he could still be running a shop without losing his mind.
His eyelids fluttered as if in a dream, watching the scenes flicker by. His lips parted with a breath, and I found myself clutching the arms of my chair, digging my nails into the wood as we waited.
Abidan’s head flew back as if smacked before his body bent forward over his knees. A small noise of pain escaped him before he could straighten up again. His head flew the opposite direction, and I saw a tiny trickle of red leak out of the corner of his mouth. Then his body arched against the back of the chair, his shoulders pressing into the wood until it creaked as he rode the seizure. Ronnie and I shared a terrified look but dared not speak while he was in the trance. He had to come out of it on his own and naturally.
It felt like hours sitting there, watching Abidan take a beating I knew Roane had lived through. I just wanted to pry his hands open and take the ring back, break him out of that trance and apologize. Finally, Abidan opened his eyes. They were bright with power, the visions lighting his dark eyes until they were near golden and shining in the dark. With one trembling hand, he set the ring down on the table, very close to the edge and too far away from me to grab. I heard him breathe in through his nose and out through his mouth as he calmed himself, sitting back in his chair, holding onto the armrests much like Ronnie and me.
“I can see why you want to find him,” Abidan finally said, breaking the silence like the popping of a soap bubble. “You need to find him soon.”
“Why?” I asked, though it seemed obvious I wanted to find him sooner rather than later.
“They are killing him,” he said, “slowly.”
“Killing him? Why?” I inched forward in my chair, putting my hands on the edge of the table.
“They are not intending to,” Abidan said, “but it is happening nonetheless. The prince is in a cage made of iron, and they are torturing him to use his powers.”
“Oh,” the sound escaped from me in a sigh of air. An iron cage. Now that made sense, finally. Iron was the only metal that could harm fairies and the only type of metal that could keep them caged. Human police had spent a lot of tax payer money to fortify their jail cells with iron bars; not that they had an easy time of actually catching fairies, but they wanted to be prepared in case they did.
“How is that killing him though?” Ronnie asked, but I had a pretty good idea.
“It’s an actual cage, isn’t it? Not a cell, but a cage?” I asked, and Abidan nodded. “So he’s touching the iron constantly, isn’t he?” Again, Abidan nodded.
“How are they torturing him?” Ronnie asked.
“Cattle prods,” Abidan said in a voice hardly loud enough to be heard.
“Dear gods,” Ronnie whispered behind a hand. That explained the seizure we watched Abidan live through.
“Okay,” I said, shaking my head to clear it, “time to focus. Who has him?”
“I do not know,” Abidan said sadly.
“What? How can you not know?” I demanded.
“They have kept him hooded; he has not seen their faces, not even once. When he is fed, they are hooded and his cage is draped in cloth,” Abidan explained and I found myself gripping the table hard enough to carve half-moons into the wood.
“Did you see him get taken?”
“I did.”
“And what about then? Didn’t you see their faces then?”
“I am afraid not. He was in an alley and they took him by surprise.”
“A fairy? They took a fairy by surprise?” Ronnie asked. “Bullshit.” Abidan held up his hands and shrugged. It was what it was.
“Fine,” I said, holding up a hand to stop the argument. “Did you get any details, anything we can use?”
“They are human,” Abidan said, and if I hadn’t already tried to get a witch’s signature and failed, it would have surprised me, but not now.
“And any idea, any at all, of where they are?”
“I am afraid not. I am sorry,” Abidan said, and I believed him. This guy was the real deal; if he’d been a charlatan, he would’ve have made up any ridiculous story just to satisfy our curiosity and bilk us for as much money as possible.
“I would think,” Abidan said, “if humans were clever enough to catch a fairy as difficult to catch as a royal, that they would be using his power to grant wishes, grand wishes. I do not think they would waste the prize they had with petty little treasures.”
I glanced at Ronnie, but she only shrugged at me. When I turned to look at Abidan again, I watched as the gold of his eyes flared to life again, lighting his brown skin until it shimmered in shades of copper, willing me to understand.
“The lottery,” I whispered, hearing the faint voice of the DJ chattering on in my head as the memory surfaced.
“Shut up,” Ronnie said, turning to me.
“Thank you, Abidan,” I said, pushing away from the table, urging Ronnie to get up. I moved around the table until I was close enough to grab the ring, but not so close that I would accidentally touch the psychic.
“What do I owe you?” I asked, bringing my purse around to dig for my wallet.
“Blessings be with you both,” Abidan said, holding up a hand to stop me.
“No,” I said, shaking my head as I pulled out a few folded bills and tossed them onto the table, remembering what Whelan had said to me. “We all gotta eat.”

Chapter 15
“How the hell are we supposed to figure out who won the lottery?” Ronnie asked.
“Go to the lottery office?” I offered as I locked the door to my apartment before peeling off the layers of clothing until I was down to my T-shirt and jeans.
“They claimed it anonymously,” Ronnie said with a shake of her head.
“How do you know that?” I asked, dropping my hands after pulling the necklace with the crystal vial over my head.
“Saw it on the news when I got up tonight,” she said casually. “Tea?” I nodded and she moved into the kitchen and started the kettle, moving as comfortably as if she were in her own kitchen.
“Frogs on toast,” I muttered, gathering up my sweater and scarf. “I take it that’s not public record then, huh?”
“Huh, no,” Ronnie said with a chuckle.
“Guess I’ll have to use a little witchy trickery then.” I shrugged as I moved into the bedroom to deposit my clothes into the hamper. I realized, after leaving Abidan’s and getting back into the car, that the combined smells of the opium and incense had clung to my clothing. I made a face as I closed the hamper. I tried to grab a handful of hair and pull it around to smell, but only managed to get the tips close enough to my nose. Yep, it smelled. That was just awesome.
I could hear the building whistle of the kettle as the water boiled and walked out to see Ronnie adding a spoonful of sugar to each cup before pouring in the steaming water.
“Girl, I stink,” I said as I collapsed into a kitchen chair, accepting the hot cup of tea.
“I probably do too,” she agreed. “I’ll have Joey do my laundry tomorrow. Want her to do yours?”
“What?” I sputtered, nearly burning my tongue.
“Oh yeah, she never left,” Ronnie said. “When she woke up, we realized she’d cracked a couple of ribs, so I told her to stay and gave her a couple of healing potions. Then, when she was feeling better, you know how pixies’ systems are so much faster than ours, well, she just didn’t want to go.”
“So she’s living with you?”
“Yeah, but it’s been kinda nice,” Ronnie said, stirring her tea to cool it. “She’s been, like, an assistant for me. She’s helping at the shop too. That’s how I could go with you to Noir; Joey was running the shop for me.”
“Wow, you trust her to do that?”
“Eh, it was only a couple of hours,” Ronnie said. “I didn’t have her count out the register or anything; I went ahead and did that myself, so if there’s anything in the drawer now, it’s not much.”
“An assistant huh?” I said, mulling over that idea. It would be nice to have someone around to clean up for me, take care of the little things that got in the way of actual work. Might even get some sleep occasionally.
“I’m sure she’d be happy to help you out too,” Ronnie said over the rim of her cup. “You know, since you saved her ass and all. But, uh, I’m paying her.”
“Huh.” I glanced up at Ronnie, almost not hearing her over the thoughts of clean laundry, cooked food, and a decent night’s sleep running through my head.
“If you wanted Joey to help you out too, you can’t expect her to do it for free,” Ronnie said, hitting each word carefully so I would follow along.
“Right, sure,” I said, waving a hand in the air. “Obviously.” Ronnie cocked an eyebrow at me, but let the subject drop.
“So what are you gonna do about the lottery office?”
“I think a little Persuasion is in order,” I said with a grin, and Ronnie nodded.
“Gotta be careful. That’s easily traced.”
“I know. I just need a name, that’s all,” I said. “Just one little name, and I can find the dirty son of a bridge dweller.” I felt power singing through my arms, fueled by my anger. I took one hand off my mug to let the power snap freely at my fingertips in sparks of white and purple. Ronnie nodded at me again. Yeah, just one little name, and I’d have the bastard that had tried to ruin my life.
***
It took me three tries to turn the alarm off on my phone when it blared to life to wake me. I hardly ever set my alarm since I worked for myself, so it was a little disconcerting. The lottery office was a human run business, so I needed to get up early enough to make it there before they closed. But I wanted to be careful to get there late enough that most of the people who worked there were either already gone or focused on leaving. I just needed one person to help me anyway, so the fewer people around, the better.
I was standing on my kitchen counter, digging through the jars on top of my fridge, when I heard a faint knock at the door. There were no muttered curses, smells of burning flesh, or explosions, so whoever was knocking was welcome and meant me no harm.
“Hang on!” I called out, shoving another dusty jar out of my way until I finally found the tiny canister I was looking for. With a swipe of my thumb, I wiped away the dust covering the fading label that read Persuasion. It was the last that my mother had made, and I had managed to save it all these years. Persuasion dust was particularly powerful, possibly because of the poppy seeds ground up in there, so you really didn’t want to have a lot lying around. I held the canister to my chest as I jumped off the counter, hearing the powder inside shift against the metal container.
I clapped my hands to dust them off as I went to answer the door, making sure to turn the canister so the label wasn’t facing out when I set it down on the counter.
“Joey,” I said with a smile when I opened the door. Her bright pink hair was back to normal, dancing around her head in soft spikes, framing her pretty lavender eyes the way it should. Her skin was bright again, almost luminescent, and when she smiled back at me, there was no hint of fear in her face.
“Mattie,” she said as she flung herself at me, wrapping her thin arms around my neck.
“Ooff!” My breath rushed out of me when her body hit mine and I took a step backward, nearly stepping on Artemis’s tail before I caught my balance.
“Thank you so much,” Joey gushed, her fingers curling into me. I chuckled and returned the hug, reaching out with a foot to catch the edge of the door and kick it closed.
“It’s okay,” I said, patting her on the back before gently prying her arms away from me.
“No,” she said, shaking her head, and I could see the tears already shimmering in her eyes.
“Yes, yes it is,” I said, squeezing her shoulder. “Now, stop that. I’m tired of tears.”
“Right,” she said quickly, wiping her face, “sorry.”
“You gotta stop apologizing so much,” I said. I glanced at the clock on my bookshelf and realized I was pushing it, so I turned and rushed into the kitchen. I rummaged through my drawers until I found a small, empty vial and a lanyard, just like the one my single dose of knockout powder was on.
“What are you doing?” Joey asked, joining me in the kitchen.
“Gotta run an errand,” I said as I took a teaspoon and carefully filled the vial from the black and silver powder inside the canister. I held my breath until the dust settled.
“Oh, the lottery office,” Joey said. I snapped my head up, my eyes going wide as I stared at her. “Ronnie told me,” she said quickly, holding her hands up as if to ward me off.
“Way to keep a secret, Ron,” I said with a shake of my head as I corked the vial before screwing the lid back onto the canister and shoving it deep into a cabinet. I would put it back on the fridge later. Right then I had to get out of there.
“Listen, Mattie,” Joey said, hot on my heels as I dashed around the apartment, getting my things so I could get out of there. “I really owe you one, so if you need any help with anything, I’m gonna be around working for Ronnie.”
“Yeah, she told me. That’s great,” I said absentmindedly, tucking the vial under my shirt before grabbing my messenger bag.
“But she doesn’t need my help until later. You guys sleep really late, you know,” Joey said, following so closely I nearly stepped on her when I turned around to grab my keys. “Anyway, want me to come with you? Maybe I can help you?”
That stopped me. I turned around and stared at her. Could I use her help? She was seriously fast. Maybe she could sneak into the lottery office for me and find out what I needed to know if I couldn’t slip someone the persuasion powder.
“Joey,” I said, taking a second to slow down and talk to her, “do you understand why I’m going to the lottery office?”
“Sure, Ronnie told me,” she said with a small shrug. “You think the people who won that mega jackpot are the ones who have Roane, so you’re gonna try to find out their name.”
“You know that’s private information and I’m gonna have to do something humans consider illegal to get it, right?”
“Yes.”
“And you’re cool with that?”
“Sure.” She shrugged again, like it really was no big deal to her.
“And you want to help me if you can?”
“Sure!” She rocked up onto her toes and bounced in place, her lavender eyes sparkling with mischief.
“Well, all right then,” I said. “Let’s go.”
***
Joey couldn’t have been more at ease unless she was asleep. The entire way to the lottery place she sang at the top of her lungs to whatever song was on the radio, for good or bad, earning quite a few looks at red lights while we waited. At first it was a little annoying, but after a couple of miles, I found myself relaxing, enjoying her pure excitement and abandon. By the time I pulled into the parking lot of the office building, I realized I wasn’t the least bit nervous. Maybe that was the pixie magic in her – adventures and mystery were the spice of life for their kind.
The parking lot wasn’t very full, and a glance at the clock told me they were only going to be open for another ten minutes. We had to hurry. I touched the vial hanging from my neck as I stared at the glass door.
“You okay?” Joey asked, furrowing her pink brows at me. “Want me to do it?” She bounced in her seat, clapping her hands quietly. “I could do it, Mattie, really.”
“Joey, I’m not going to let you commit a crime for me. You don’t owe me that much,” I said, keeping my eyes on the door as two more employees walked out, chatting with each other. When they didn’t lock the door behind them, I breathed a sigh of relief.
She made a dismissive sound, waving her hand. “Bet I could get the name without that,” she said, pointing at the vial in my hand.
“You think so, do you?” I arched a brow at her and realized she was more than a little excited about the challenge. It seemed her relationship with Malachi had changed her, kept her from being herself, and now she was free. Free to fly and play like a pixie was meant to.
“All right,” I said, “if you think you can—” She was gone before I could finish, the passenger door slamming shut and cutting me off. I barely saw the office door move after she darted through. I turned off the car, not wanting to listen to the radio or miss anything under the sound of the idling engine.
Minutes stretched on, and I felt a trickle of sweat form in the small of my back, slipping down to soak into the waistband of my jeans. How humans lived in full sun, I would never understand. I was seriously regretting not rolling down the windows before turning the car off. I was just reaching for the door handle when the office door opened and Joey came strolling out. She caught the door before it closed and waggled her fingers at someone inside, blowing them a kiss.
She was giggling uncontrollably when she dropped back into the passenger seat. She wiped a tear from her eye, trying to catch her breath before she handed me a slip of white paper.
“Jackson Racanelli,” I read out loud. “Whoa, you got an address? Seriously?”
Joey just grinned at me and nodded frantically. Her eyes were actually twinkling with magic, almost twirling. If I stared long enough, she would pull me into them. I blinked and tore my gaze away.
“How did you do this?”
“Pixie dust,” she said casually.
“Oh, you cheat!”
“What? You were gonna use that powder.” She pointed a finger at my necklace.
“I know, but you said…” I closed my mouth and shook my head. “Never mind. Thank you.”
“Welcome!” she sang, bouncing in her seat. When I turned the car on, she cranked up the volume on the radio. I reached and pushed the button until it was at a tolerable level for my ears. I punched the address into my phone, got the directions, and got the hell out of there.
It was a relatively short drive, though I wasn’t really surprised the directions kept us in the human side of the city. But I was surprised when we pulled up to an industrial park full of self-storage units.
“Uh, is this right?” Joey asked, staring out the window.
“You’re the one who got the address.” I chewed my bottom lip, driving slowly through the entrance, pulling up alongside a bank of mailboxes, all with addresses affixed to them with sticker numbers.
“There’s the number.” Joey pointed at the second row, third box in.
“Somehow I don’t think he lives here though,” I said, feeling my body deflate right where I was sitting.
“I’m sorry,” Joey said, turning her sad face toward me. The light in her eyes faded, leaving them a dark purple.
“Well, let’s not give up yet,” I said, hitting the accelerator. “If they listed this as their mailing address, then that storage unit belongs to them.”
“You think?”
“I do,” I said with a nod, “and if they have a unit here, then they probably keep some stuff in it. I might find something to make a seeking spell with and we’ll get ‘em that way.”
The place was set up with perfectly straight rows, but after a few left and right turns looking for the right number, I felt a little lost. The sun was sinking in the sky, sending long dark shadows stretching through the alleyways, making it that much harder to read the numbers above the roll up doors.
“There!” Joey said and pointed a finger in front of my face, making me hit the brakes hard enough to throw us both against our seatbelts. We stopped right in front of the metal roll up door, the address barely visible above it.
I glanced around when we got out of the car, Joey at my side in the blink of an eye, making sure we were alone. When no one jumped out of the shadows at us, I turned to the lock on the door.
“You keep an eye out,” I whispered at Joey as I took the lock in hand, looking away from her when she nodded. The lock wasn’t anything special, it wasn’t even a combination lock. But it wasn’t even made of iron or something else that might keep the Fae from tampering with it. This guy really was reckless. Blowing a lock of hair out of my face, I set my finger to the key hole and zapped it with a bolt of power, feeling the zing of energy shoot through my hand, and was rewarded with the sound of the mechanism inside snapping.
The door screeched loud and angry when I pulled at the handle to roll it up. I froze, cringing at the noise. Joey hissed behind me, watching both ways down the alley. When no one came running out, guns blazing, I pulled on the door, stopping when it was just high enough for us to slip through without crawling on our hands and knees. I tucked the damaged lock into my jacket pocket.
“Think we should leave the car out there?” Joey whispered.
“Not planning on staying long,” I said back in a hushed voice. “And in that vein, let’s hurry up.” 
I started to reach for the light switch, but Joey’s hand on my wrist stopped me. She shook her head, only the bright pink of her hair making it possible for me to see her in the darkened room. I twitched my nose, considering her caution. She was probably right.
“Aduro,” I whispered into my hand, causing a blue flame to burst into life, hovering over my palm. A circle of light grew around us, softer than the florescent lights would have been. Joey reached for the door, pushed it closed, and blew on the flame, sending it from my hand to the middle of the ceiling where it burst into a dozen tiny flames and spread out, lighting the room in a dim blue glow.
It wasn’t so much as a place of storage as it was an empty, wide room that would be better suited as a workshop. There were boxes piled high, taking up one full corner, and a long workbench took up the length of another wall. I walked over to the workbench to examine the clutter left there.
There was a couple of Bunsen burners with stained potion bottles set over them. I eyed the stains, a queasy feeling settling in my stomach; no witch worth her salt would ever use dirty and stained tools when casting. It was just asking for trouble, and explosions. There was a pile of bird wings, ravens from the looks of them, with crusted blood on the exposed hinges. A dingy paring knife was left on a cutting board covered in clippings of various herbs. This guy just didn’t care about mixing ingredients. I sniffed and caught the aroma of mint, rosemary, and mistletoe.
“Not good,” I whispered. Mistletoe was often used in poisons, and the fae stayed away from that particular plant like the plague.
“Um, Mattie,” Joey called out to me in a wavering voice, pulling my attention away from the workbench. I turned and saw her standing in the far corner, slightly obscured by the tower of boxes. She was staring at the ground, and I could just make out a drain in front of her feet.
“What?” I asked as I walked over to her, but she just pointed at the drain. I squatted down to get a better look. There were traces of blood pooled at the edge of the drain.
“Toads,” I cursed. I dipped my finger in the tiny puddle, making Joey hiss again, but I ignored her, sniffing the blood. No trace of iron whatsoever. Fairy blood.
“Is it Roane’s?” Joey asked almost too softly for me to hear her.
“I think so,” I said. The possibility they’d caught more than one fairy was slim. I dug into my bag and pulled out a wooden disk, a locator charm that I hadn’t yet activated, and dipped it into the puddle, watching as the white disk absorbed the blood and water, staining it.
“Do you smell that?” Joey asked, picking her head up, swiveling it this way and that, sniffing like a dog picking up a scent.
“Smell what?” I asked, cramming the disk back into my bag as I stood up.
Joey held up a hand to stop me and started walking toward the boxes. She shoved a couple out of her way with her hip, forcing her way into the mass of boxes. I started to open my mouth to stop her, afraid the boxes would topple over onto her, but she stepped lightly through the gap she made and disappeared from sight.
“Oh no,” she said, her voice muffled by the cardboard surrounding her.
“What?” I called out, trying to keep my voice as low as possible.
“Mattie,” she said, peeking her head out, her bright eyes gone dark again. “You’d better come see this.”
“Why do I think I’d rather not?” I asked but walked toward her anyway. Joey pulled herself free of the boxes so I could take her place. I held up a hand, calling down a tiny blue flame from the ceiling, cupping it in my hand to give me something to see by. I wedged myself into the boxes. I wasn’t quite as small as Joey was, so I had to push them further apart. One refused to budge, caught on something I couldn’t see. I held the blue flame out in front of me and saw what was stopping the box: a foot.
“See it?” Joey asked from somewhere behind me. I didn’t answer her right away. I tested the box caught on the foot and when I found it firm enough, I leveraged myself onto it and slid forward. Holding the blue flame out in front of me, I was able to see into the open space created by the prone bodies on the floor.
The man was in a suit that was crumpled with sweat and being worn too long. But what struck me was the dull, dark pool of blood under his head. Even at this angle, I could see that the back of his head was crushed, flattened on the ground. His eyes were open and staring lifelessly at the ceiling, his mouth slightly open, a trickle of blood dried at the corner of his mouth. His hands were bound behind him and his legs were kicked out at an odd angle. Somehow I wasn’t really surprised to see a dead body in here, not after a look at that workbench.
The woman had sandy blond hair with darker, almost caramel colored highlights, and if it weren’t for the blossoming bruise on her cheek, her skin would have been a lovely shade of honey. She was well dressed, how I would expect a bank manager to be dressed: expensive black slacks, a soft blue, silk blouse, and strappy heels that cost almost as much as a month’s rent for me. She didn’t look like she’d been here as long as the dead man in front of her; her clothing was still relatively clean. Her hands were bound behind her as well, and I could see they were held with zip-tie cuffs, the kind cops used on humans. I realized I was holding my breath when I gasped in relief when I finally saw her chest move as she breathed.
“Thank the gods,” I whispered, sliding forward on the box, trying to get to her.
“Mattie, what are you doing?” Joey asked, her warm hand wrapping around my ankle to stop me.
“She’s alive,” I said, craning to look over my shoulder. “I’m gonna help her.”
“Wait a minute,” Joey said, trying to tug on my ankle to pull me back.
“Why?” I demanded, twisting out of her grasp until I was sitting on the box and facing her.
“Look, we’ve got a human woman unconscious and tied up, and a dead guy,” Joey said, “and we’ve just broken in here. Do you think it’s a good idea to touch her? What if she doesn’t remember what happened to her and we wake her up and she thinks we did this to them?”
“So, what? You wanna just leave her like this?” I asked.
“No, but…” Joey folded her hands in front of her and started twisting her fingers, biting down on her lower lip. I could almost see the thoughts racing through her eyes. She had a point though; I had no idea what kind of person this woman was. What if she was the kind that didn’t trust supernaturals? Maybe she wouldn’t appreciate our help. Maybe she’d tell the cops we’d done this like Joey said.
“Oh balls,” I said, sliding forward to slip off of the box and stand in front of the scared pixie girl. “So what do we do then?”
“Does she have a phone?” Joey asked, as if I somehow knew. I shrugged, staring to turn back to the unconscious woman, but Joey darted past me. Being so tiny, she didn’t need to move the boxes as much as I did to get to the woman. I watched as she flitted around her, checking her pockets.
“Don’t touch too much of her,” I said suddenly worried about fingerprints.
“Wait, hold on,” Joey said, her voice straining as she pushed the woman’s hip until she almost rolled over. “Got it!” Joey said triumphantly, pulling out a white phone and holding it up for me to see.
“Okay, listen,” I said, stopping her from dialing for the cops. “Call but don’t say anything, just groan a little, like you’re in pain.”
“What?” Joey blinked up at me like she thought I’d lost my mind.
“Make it sound like you’re in pain and not really conscious, then we’ll leave the phone by her face and get the hell out of here.”
“What good with that do?”
“They’ll track her location with her phone and find her, and they’ll think she struggled to make the phone call, but was too messed up to actually talk,” I said as I started to wipe off the nearby boxes with my sleeves, trying to destroy any fingerprints we might’ve inadvertently left.
“Oh, good idea,” Joey said excitedly. She cleared her throat before calling the cops. I waited for Joey as she made the appropriate noises of pain and confusion. When she popped out of the boxes with a thumbs up, we started for the door.
“Did you wipe off the phone?” I whispered, as if my voice could be picked up by the phone this far away. Joey nodded and then followed me out, ducking under the door. I pushed it down, closing it as quietly as possible, which wasn’t very quiet as it squealed in protest, before wiping the handle off with my sleeve.
Doing the same to the lock, I fed it through the hasp on the door. It was broken, so I couldn’t actually lock it, but I figured the cops would be grateful for that since a lock would only slow them down.
Joey and I dove into my car and we drove away from the door. I was careful not to spin my wheels. The last thing I need to do after being so careful to cover our tracks was to leave tire marks behind. We made it out of the industrial maze and parked on the side of the road. We waited, the engine off and slouched down in our seats as far as possible, until the sound of sirens approached. I risked a glance and saw two police cruisers turn into the complex, sirens blaring and lights swirling. Once they disappeared around the bend, I scrambled back up, turned on the car, and got the hell out of there. Joey was shaking next to me, but we’d done what we could for the woman, and at least the cops would get her to safety and away from whoever had attacked her.
I felt for the bloody charm in my pocket, reassuring myself it was there, and couldn’t help the smile that tugged at my lips. I was finally going to find Roane, get this bastard, and put all of this bullshit behind me.

Chapter 16
When Joey and I got back to my apartment, the first thing I did after banging on the ceiling to get Ronnie to come down, was turn on the television, changing the channel until I found the news. They were showing the feed from a helicopter, flying over the industrial park we’d just left. There were dozens of cop cars filling the alleys between the buildings, red and blue lights reflecting off the grey buildings. I could hear the faint wail of the ambulance sirens as they joined the melee. There were even a couple of fire trucks. If you asked me, it seemed a little excessive.
The newscaster was chatting animatedly with the reporter in the helicopter, not really doing a very good job at sounding concerned for the victims. The camera zoomed in on the scene as the reporter excitedly said, “You can see the officers escorting a woman out of the building. It appears she has an emergency blanket around her shoulders.”
“Well, Hal, it is quite cold out tonight,” the woman in the studio said, her stupid, smiling face appearing in a tiny box in the corner of the screen.
“That it is, Martina,” Hal agreed, but his chuckle was cut off when the EMTs came through the door rolling out a stretcher with a black bag on it. “Oh, it appears a body has been found.” Hal finally managed to sound appropriately somber.
Joey looked at me, her usually bright eyes dull and sad. I placed a hand on her shoulder and squeezed gently. We had done what we could for them.
“Hal,” the new caster said, cutting the reporter off midsentence. “I’m sorry, but we’ve just received confirmation on the identity of the woman we saw walking out of the building. It appears she is Bernadette Racanelli.” The screen changed so that there were side by side pictures of the unconscious woman we’d found, one clearly a DMV picture, the other a picture that showed Bernadette with her arms around a man whose face was blurred out. She was smiling up at the camera as if it had been the best day of her life.  It looked like a picture you would post on a social networking site.
“That was fast,” Joey said.
“Some people’s friends,” I said, shaking my head.
“Racanelli,” Ronnie said.
“His wife?” I asked with a one-shouldered shrug.
“Or ex-wife,” Ronnie replied.
“I wonder what that guy did,” Joey said.
“What do you mean?”
“That dead guy, I wonder who he was.”
“Yeah, me too,” I said.
“Maybe he had a stake in the money?” Joey asked, pulling her eyes away from the television.
“Or a stake in the kidnapping,” I said, feeling something unlocking in my mind. “Maybe they were in cahoots with each other, and Jackson decided he didn’t want to share after all.”
“What about the wife?” Joey asked.
“Dunno,” I shrugged. “Maybe, if she is an ex-wife, maybe she was the one that ended things and Jackson wanted her back.”
“Not really sure beating her and tying her up with a dead guy next to her is the way to go about that,” Joey said, arching one pink brow at me.
“I don’t think we’re dealing with a sane person right now,” I said. I pressed my fingers to my temples and rubbed. I needed to activate the locator charm and go get Roane. This guy wasn’t as crafty as I had given him credit for. This was just a money hungry human who was dabbling in magic and beat women in his spare time. Heat flared inside my belly, burning through me, searing away my exhaustion, filling me with anger and determination.
“I’ve got work to do,” I said. 
***
Twenty minutes later, I was changed into jeans and flat-soled boots, a close-fitting jacket and scarf twined closely around my neck. Everything was in shades of black and gray. I finished off the outfit with the wrist sheaths and knives. I stuffed a pair of gloves in my pocket, not wanting to worry about fingerprints this time. I slipped the necklace with the single dose of knockout powder over my head, tucking the vial under my scarf for safe keeping. A full canister of the powder went into my messenger bag.
I was just grabbing my keys and the locator charm with the blood stain when a knock at the door stopped me. I paused, waiting to see if any of the booby-traps went off, but when everything remained quiet, I opened the door. Ronnie and Joey were waiting for me, very similarly dressed; Joey had even pulled on a black beanie to cover her shock of pink hair.
 “You ready?” Ronnie said. It was strange to see her hair so tightly bound. She’d tamed it into two braids trailing down her back, keeping the wild curls out of her face. She led the way to the elevator and pressed the call button repeatedly, as if pushing it a hundred times would make the ancient thing move faster. We could hear it rattling inside the wall as it made its up.
“How safe is this thing?” Joey asked, eyeing the doors.
“It’s fine,” Ronnie said dismissively, still pressing the button. The elevator arrived with a bing and the doors shook as they slid open. Ronnie stepped in, spinning around, sending her long braids flying as she faced me with a big, cheesy grin on her face. She was excited, like a crazy person!
“Ron, this is not an adventure, try not looking so damn excited,” I said.
“Hey, it’s better than panicking,” she said, bouncing on the balls of her feet.
 “You are as stubborn as a mule,” I said, glaring at the numbers above the elevator doors, watching our rickety progress to the lobby.
“Takes one to know one,” Ronnie said back in a sing-song voice.
“Mature.”
“I know.”
“You guys are so funny,” Joey said, dancing from foot to foot. You’d think we were on our way to Disneyland or something.
***
It took us almost an hour to finally reach the place the amulet was leading us. We’d left Havencrest behind and drove into the humans’ side of town, leaving the city and wending our way through the suburbs. The houses were cookie-cutter versions of each other, only the number of windows and choice in paint differentiating each from the others. There were SUVs parked in every driveway, and each block had at least one basketball hoop in front of a house. Even the streets followed a pattern, each being named after a flower. It was creepy.
We rolled to a stop in front of a blue house, but the amulet was straining against its lanyard, pointing toward a brown house three doors down, where a police cruiser was parked. I stared at the black and white vehicle, the one anomaly on the whole street, and wondered if they were here to question Jackson or protect him.
My question was answered when the front door opened and one police officer walked out, followed by a man with dark hair and a goatee: Jackson. Right behind Jackson was the second cop. The officers led him to the cruiser, one holding the rear door open for him as he ducked inside. It was too dark to see his face clearly, but I didn’t think he looked very happy from where I sat.
We sat in silence as we watched the cruiser pull away from the curb and drive away, disappearing around the corner.
“The amulet brought us here, so that means Roane is in there,” Ronnie said. I nodded in agreement. Finally, after so many restless nights, I was here and Roane was within my grasp with my freedom. Not to mention the second half of my payment that would keep me in rent and food until Summer Solstice.
“Let’s go,” I said, snatching the amulet and jumping out of the car. Joey and Ronnie hurried after me. Joey’s steps were nearly silent on the sidewalk as we approached the house. The closer we got, I could see tiny points of shifting light appearing. They danced on the air, floating at the front door and near the windows. There were a few trailing on the roof, and I caught sight of one just before it slipped down the chimney.
“Will-o-wisps,” Joey whispered.
“That’s not good,” Ronnie replied. Humans couldn’t see these little tricksters unless a wisp wanted a human to see them, but being witches and fae, we could see them as clearly as the stars in the sky. Humans mistakenly thought of wisps as fairies that would lead them to treasures or some grand adventure, but that wasn’t true at all. Will-o-wisps were sneaky little buggars that would draw innocent people off the path of safety and into some horrible danger to terrify them and feed off their horror and fear. And they always, always found their way to any place full of fear and pain, feeding off the energy gleefully. That they were here, hovering around the house, trying to find their way in, only told me that I needed to be prepared for what I might see inside.
“Come on,” I said, taking a breath to steady my nerves, and lead the way while I pulled my gloves out of my pocket and pulled them on. I walked right up to the front door, not wanting a snooping neighbor to see us sneaking around the back.
Testing the knob, I found it locked. I gripped the doorknob tightly and whispered, “Effringo effreg,” and heard the lock inside snap. The knob turned easily in my hand, and we walked inside.
A high pitched beep sounded immediately, over and over again, but before I could do anything, Joey rushed to the white plastic box on the wall. She lifted the cover and threw a handful of pixie dust at the electronic panel. We stood frozen in place as we watched the red digital display run through a series of numbers before switching to green and the beeping stopped. Joey flashed us a bright smile, and Ronnie gave her a thumbs up.
It was a beautiful house with a sweeping floor plan that made it feel even bigger than it was. I could have fit my whole apartment in the front room alone. There wasn’t a speck of dust anywhere, and actually, I could smell the newness of everything: the plastic of the television, the fabric of the couches; even the paint of the artwork smelled like it was still drying.
I glanced down at the amulet hanging from my hand. It was spinning in circles. Roane was here somewhere, but this was as close as it was going to get us. With a huff, I jammed it into my pocket and turned to the others.
“Okay,” I whispered, “let’s split up. We’ll find him faster.”
“Be careful,” Ronnie said, holding up a finger for emphasis. Joey and I nodded, and the three of us broke off, each taking a different direction. I headed down the hallway while Ronnie went to check the garage, and Joey stayed in the living room, crouching by the front window to keep a lookout.
The hall wasn’t very long and there were only four doors leading off of it, the majority of the space of the house was at the front, but at least that meant my search would be short. The first two doors were bedrooms, empty bedrooms, but the third was an office. I slipped inside. I checked all the walls for a secret door, but didn’t find anything, even going so far as to check under the area rug, half hoping to find a trapdoor that lead to a cellar, but there was just nothing.
“Where the hell are you keeping him, you creep?” I demanded, grinding my teeth together.
I found an invoice for the monthly rent on the utility space where we’d found Jackson’s wife and the dead guy, but that wasn’t earthshattering. There were pictures on the bookshelves, many of Jackson and Bernadette, all smiling and happy, but when I looked closer, I realized how young they looked, much younger than Bernadette looked when I saw her in that warehouse. Not one of these pictures had been taken in the last five years. That was a long time to be unhappy.
But in the back, behind the other pictures, was one of Jackson and another man. They were both dressed in suits, shaking hands and smiling up at the camera. Beside that picture was another taken at some sort of banquet. Jackson and his wife were sitting at a large, round table, and leaning over them, with his arms around both, was the man from the other picture, the man we found dead in the storage unit.
“Man, you are messed up, Racanelli,” I whispered and turned away from the pictures and back to the rest of the office.
After a little more digging through his filing cabinet, I found Jackson’s copy of the divorce papers. The divorce had only been final for about seven months, but who knows how long they were separated before that. I turned to the desk and turned on his computer. Part of me wanted to find something that would be evidence enough for the human police to convict Jackson on kidnapping Roane. I didn’t know what the Lord and Lady had planned for him, but I knew it was going to be much worse than anything he might’ve done to Roane. I wasn’t going to let them put that guilt on my head. If I could turn Jackson over to the human police, then at least he’d be in jail for kidnapping and safe from the twisted hands of the pissed off fairies.
Jackson didn’t bother with putting a password on his computer, so the soft blue light of the monitor shifted to the desktop in a couple of moments. Unsurprisingly, he’d stored his email password, so I was able to click right to it, but before I could start shifting through his internet history, I heard a shuffle in the hallway.
“Mattie! Mattie, where are you?” Ronnie’s voice was muffled through the door, but her panic was obvious. I rushed to the door and opened it to see her terrified face and Joey fretting behind her. A wisp floated down between us, hovering and glowing bright as it drank in our fear.
“What? What?” I asked, reaching out for Ronnie, gripping her arm.
“He’s back,” Joey answered, bouncing on the balls of her feet.
“Damn it, that was fast.” I pushed them back, trying to herd them down the hall, but we heard the front door open and a man’s voice swear.
“What the fuck?”
Ronnie turned her wide eyes to me, making the wisp dance around our heads, ruining our night vision the brighter it got. I tried to bat it away as I turned again and ran to the office, shutting the door as quietly as possible once Joey and Ronnie were through.
“What do we do?” Ronnie mouthed, but I put my finger to my mouth to shush her. Pressing my ear to the door, I tried to listen. It was deadly quiet; that was his big mistake. If Jackson had thought to make some noise or turn on his massive television, I wouldn’t have been able to hear the click of the safety being taken off his gun or the sound of the slide as he put one in the chamber.
I waved Ronnie and Joey back, telling them silently to go to the back wall and stay down. Moving to the side of the door, I slipped my necklace out and pulled the vial free, uncorking it. My hands shook as I waited, listening for the slightest sound as Jackson looked for us. I thought I heard him open the closer bedroom door and held my breath – he would be on me in another moment.
My eyes fell to the doorknob when it moved as Jackson started to turn it from the other side. I tried not to look at Ronnie, knowing her panic would make me nervous. When the latch was free, Jackson pushed the door open with his foot, holding the gun with both hands. He made the mistake of looking forward first and didn’t even see me as I flung the powder at his face. In a burst of white, Jackson had just enough time to cough before he crumpled to his knees, his eyes rolling back into his head. I grabbed the gun just as his hands went slack and his arms fell before he hit the floor, face down. I thought I heard the sound of his nose breaking against the hardwood, making me cringe.
I handed Ronnie the gun to put the safety back on. She pressed the button to release the magazine before struggling with the slide to release the bullet in the chamber. She walked the gun over to the desk and hid it in the bottom drawer after wiping our fingerprints off.
“So this is him?” Ronnie said, nudging Jackson with a toe, her upper lip curling in distaste.
“What’s the plan here?” Joey asked, looking from Ronnie to me and back again.
“Did you find Roane?” I asked. Ronnie shook her head no.
“I don’t understand,” I said, digging in my pocket for the amulet. When it was free of my pocket, it jumped out of my hand and landed on Jackson’s chest. “Frogs.”
“What does that mean?” Ronnie asked. I knelt down and grabbed his face, turning his head back and forth before I moved to his left hand, pushing up his sleeve, finding nothing, but I found what I was looking for on his right arm.
“It means that blood I used was mixed.” I held up Jackson’s arm so they could see the slashes on his wrist, four claw marks that were scabbed over.
“Looks like Roane or Bernadette hurt him pretty good and he tried to clean it up,” I said, letting his hand drop before standing. I stomped my foot and let loose a few choice curses before I was able to calm myself again.
“Now that you got that out of your system, what’s the plan?” Ronnie asked.
“There’s gotta be something here that will tell us where the hell Roane is,” I said. “I’m finding him tonight, even if I have to wake his ass up, put the gun to his head, and make him drive me there.”
“Let’s look around first. Maybe we can avoid that and the prison sentence and collaring that will inevitably come with it,” Ronnie said. “Give me your scarf.” She held out her hand, snapping her fingers when I didn’t move fast enough. Instead of asking her what she was planning, I just unwound it from my neck and handed it over. Ronnie took it and shoved Jackson over with her foot so that he was face down again and grabbed his arms, twisted them behind his back, and tied his wrists together with my scarf.
“Uh,” Joey started to argue, but Ronnie said, “Just in case he wakes up before we’re ready.”
“Okay, go,” I said. I pounced on Jackson while Ronnie ran for the desk drawers and Joey for his computer. The sound of Joey’s fingers across the keyboard stopped me for a moment. When I looked at her, I saw her pink brows drawn together as she glared at the computer screen, her fingers tapping quickly before snatching at the mouse and clicking like a madwoman. Clearly she should have come in here earlier and I would’ve served better as the lookout.
I brought my attention back to the unconscious Jackson and started digging in his pants pockets. I found his cell phone, but he was one of those paranoid weirdoes that locked his phone and I just didn’t have time to try the thousands of four digit combinations to get it open. Ronnie slammed another drawer shut, making me jump and nearly toss Jackson’s wallet when I pulled it free of his back pocket. Clenching my fists, I took a second to steady my nerves before flipping open the wallet.
He had a few hundred dollars inside in crisp new bills that made my fingers itch. Would it be wrong to steal from a criminal? I deliberately looked away from the money and started examining the cards in the many little slots. He’d already procured an American Express Black that made me blanch. It looked so normal, but somehow felt heavier in my hand. I crammed it back into place. 
Finally, hidden behind his driver’s license, I found something out of place: a business card for Blackhaven Hotel. It was a rundown hotel that catered to the junkies of the supernatural world deep in West Hollywood. It used to be a magnificent place in the last century, but not now. It was not a place you went to for comfort and relaxation. It was the kind of place you went to score candy or enjoy a night with a prostitute without anyone asking too many questions or giving a damn about who you were. What would a newly made millionaire with a Black Card be doing at a place like that?
I checked the rest of his pockets, hoping to find a key because the Blackhaven wasn’t the kind of place that had spent the money to upgrade to electronic card keys, but I came up empty.
“I’ll be right back,” I said, slipping the business card into my pocket after putting his wallet back where I found it. Joey and Ronnie both looked up at me with questioning faces, but I rushed out of the room without explanation.
I ran to the front door and made my way through the house, looking for where Jackson left his keys. He didn’t have a pretty little key hook on the wall or a bowl by the door, but I managed to find them in the pocket of his jacket that he’d tossed on the back of the couch when he’d come in. Shuffling through the keys, I finally found the one that was totally out of place, stamped with Blackhaven, just visible through the tarnish.
I dug into my pocket and pulled out the amulet. Letting it hang by the lanyard, I held up the key with my other hand. The amulet swung toward the key and strained in my grasp to reach it.
“Gotcha,” I said, tucking the amulet back into my pocket, and worked to get the key off the ring. When I went back into the office, I found Joey staring at the printer, waiting for something as Ronnie gave up on the last drawer, shaking her head at me. The wisp from the hallway had floated into the office and was hovering over Jackson, glowing brighter and brighter.
“Nothing,” Ronnie said, “but Joey found the email that got Roane out of the Mound the night he was kidnapped.”
“We’re not calling the police,” I said.
“Mattie,” Joey turned to me as she grabbed the transcripts, “he kidnapped someone!”
“Joey, explain to me what we’re gonna say?” I said, tilting my head to the side, waiting.
“That he has the fairy prince locked up somewhere and is using him to grant him wishes?” Joey’s voice had started out so sure, but faltered the longer she looked at me.
“And how do we know that?”
“The blood in the utility place and this.” She held up the pages she’d printed.
“Uh huh,” I nodded. “And how do we explain how we came by that information?”
“Well, we, uh…” Joey stopped, realizing where I was going with this. “We broke into both places.” Her voice dropped to a whisper and her hand fell, the papers making a fluttering sound.
“Look, it’s okay,” I said. I crouched by Jackson and started untying his hands. The wisp darted in front of my face, blinding me for a moment. I waved it away, trying to blink past the spots in my vision. “I know where Roane is now, and we’re gonna go get him.”
“Why are you untying him?” Joey asked.
“Because we have to make it look like we were never here, and I’m not about to leave my scarf behind as evidence.” I wrapped the scarf around my neck and checked Jackson’s hands for any stray hairs that may have fallen. I tipped my head, calling Ronnie over to help me. She rushed over, and we pushed Jackson over onto his back, cringing at the sight of his broken nose and the smear of blood on the floor.
“Gotta fix that,” Ronnie said. I groaned in agreement before getting my hands under his shoulders while Ronnie took his legs. He was heavier than he looked, and we nearly dropped him twice as we shuffled into the hallway, especially with the wisp darting around, trying to trip us up and make us drop him. It took three tries to haul him into the master bedroom behind the last door I didn’t check and onto the bed and positioned as naturally as possible.
Ronnie ran into the en suite bathroom, coming back with some damp tissue that she used to clean the blood off his face, not that it did anything for his broken nose and I didn’t have any healing potions on me. Ronnie flushed the bloodied tissues, along with the ones that Joey used to clean the blood off the office floor, in the toilet.
“That’ll have to do,” Ronnie said with a sigh.
“Knockout powder has a strange effect on humans,” I said. “They wake up with hangover-like symptoms. Maybe he’ll just think he got drunk and passed out and just can’t remember what happened to his face.”
“Hold on!” Joey jumped and spun around before running out of the room, moving so fast she almost appeared to be flying.
“What in the—” Before Ronnie could finish her question, Joey was back with a bottle of whiskey and a glass. She set the glass on his nightstand and poured some whiskey in it before dribbling a couple of drops onto his lips. She stood back and admired her work, set the bottle on the nightstand, then wiped her fingerprints off.
“There, that should work.”
“It’ll have to,” I said, worried everything was unraveling. If we moved fast, I could get to Roane tonight, free him, and let the Dunhallows deal with this madman before he figured out who’d really done this to him.
“All right,” I said, pulling myself out of my dark thoughts and turning away from Jackson, “let’s fly like a banshee.”

Chapter 17
The Blackhaven hotel was in a dingy, rundown part of the city. The hotel was on a forgotten block that had been a glorious and affluent neighborhood in the last century. The buildings were all tall, red brick and with sweeping staircases leading to the front doors. But now the staircases were covered in graffiti, layers upon layers of spray paint, so that you couldn’t see what color the plaster had been originally. The red bricks were crumbling, holes eating away at the once beautiful facades, and though the buildings were as tall as ever, they appeared to slump under the weight of disappointment and broken dreams.
The Blackhaven was one of three identical buildings, sandwiched in the middle. At one time, during its heyday, all three buildings had been part of the Blackhaven, but as time and bankruptcy passed, the building had been cut up and sold in pieces. The two buildings on either side of the hotel were low-income housing now. Most of the apartments inside were occupied by multiple tenants, some just struggling to get back on their feet, others enjoying the creepy dens they had created, smoking, eating, or shooting up whatever they could get their boney hands on. Some part of me had a fleeting, horrible thought about the possibility of children living there, and I said a silent prayer that there weren’t any.
We sat in the car for a while, watching the street and the buildings, taking in our surroundings. Even at this angle, I could see the iron fire escapes on either side of the flanking buildings, knowing the one for the Blackhaven must’ve been in the back. How horrible to be a fairy trapped inside and your only means of escape as an iron torture system. We were going to have to get Roane out through the front.
“Mattie?” Ronnie whispered, drawing me back to the inside of the car, the heat of my cohorts warming me and chasing away the chill.
“Yeah,” I said, nodding, “we should go.” I dug into my bag, grabbed the canister of knockout powder, and crammed it into my jacket pocket, taking a second to check my wrist sheaths, reassuring myself of their presence.
Joey darted out of the car right behind me, and Ronnie and I closed our doors almost simultaneously before we headed across the street. The street was just as dark and depressing as the buildings on the block, with only two street lamps lit at either end of the block. The shadows both attracted a certain type of creature and deterred another. It deterred me, that was for damn sure. 
The front door was unlocked, and we slipped inside, feeling the need to be quiet for some strange reason. I was a little surprised not to feel some sort of banishing wards or protection on the threshold. But I suppose, if there had been protection on the entrance, then someone like Jackson Racanelli wouldn’t have made it inside.
Everything about the foyer said “dingy,” and I found myself cringing away from touching anything, even brushing against the walls. The walls were covered in fading art deco and the floors were a dull marble. I wondered how beautiful they used to be when they were waxed and polished every other day. There was a huge, ornate mirror on one wall, facing the front desk, but it was tarnished and black in places. A small table sat under it with a vase full of flowers that had died and turned brown months ago. It was as though the owners had gone out of town ages ago and just forgot to come back.
The doors leading off of the lobby were chipped with paint flaking off. The stained glass windows were broken, and any sense of privacy was gone. Anything brass was tarnished and a layer of dust coated all of the table tops. I could see the elevator from here, but the way the metal grate stood half open and how dark it appeared inside, I knew there was no chance I’d be attempting to use it. It looked scarier than the one in our apartment building, and that was saying something.
Turning to look at the front desk, I could see the attendant was asleep, his feet up on the desk and his head lulled back, mouth hanging open.
“Charming,” Ronnie said, arching one brow.
“C’mon,” I said, leading the way to the once grand staircase. The banister was coated in a layer of grime, the dust turning into something sticky after the extended neglect. There were worn spots in the carpet on the stairs, threatening to trip us as we started up.
“Do you know where you’re going?” Ronnie whispered.
Glancing down at the key in my hand, I saw the number 1013 stamped on one side and sighed, “Tenth floor.” Joey made a noise behind us, but I pressed on, leading the way. I just didn’t trust that elevator to take me safely to the second floor, let alone a hundred feet up.
There were dim lights along the walls as we climbed flight after flight of stairs, but I had a feeling, if I were human, they wouldn’t provide sufficient light to see by since they were so used to living in full, bright light. There was a creepy, crawling feeling from the walls around us, separating us from the rooms and their occupants. But I didn’t want to think what was going on in those rooms if they could give off such a chilling aura.
Ronnie and I were nearly out of breath by the time we finally rounded the last flight of steps and stood on the tenth floor landing. Joey, on the other hand, looked as bright and ready to go as she had before taking the first step on the ground floor. Damn pixies.
We stared down the dark hallway, feeling the pressure of the night all around us. There were fewer sconces up here, and I wondered if Jackson had something to do with that. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Joey reach out for Ronnie’s hand, and for a moment, I thought about taking her other hand, but I wanted mine free in case I needed to get to one of my weapons. I motioned with my head for them to follow and went down the hall.
The carpet felt squishy under my feet up here instead of threadbare as it had on the stairs. The air was musty, almost moist, and I could feel it coating my lungs. I kept my mouth closed, my lips pressed into a tight line, hoping to keep the worst of the toxic air out of my system.
Room 1013 was much farther than I expected it to be, the spaces between doors letting me know just how big the rooms must be. It was just so damn depressing to realize how far this place had fallen. A true testament of how far the entire city had fallen in the past few years as humans and supernaturals fought and supernaturals, like the Dunhallows and Theo, fought their own kind. If we couldn’t find a way to coexist, the rest of Havencrest was going to end up looking like the Blackhaven: dank, dark and dying.
I stopped in front of 1013 and held my breath as I slipped the key into the lock and turned it. We waited a moment, listening for any movement inside, suddenly terrified of the idea that Jackson had an accomplice and we were walking into a trap. Ronnie and I shared a look and I knew the same thought had just occurred to her as well. She pulled Joey with her as she took a step back, to the side of the door. I placed my hand on the doorknob and turned it as slowly as possible, grateful when it didn’t squeak. I threw the door open and darted away to the other side of the door as Ronnie, holding my breath as I waited for some sort of reaction from inside, but it remained eerily quiet.
I glanced at Ronnie again, and she just shrugged at me. I stepped forward, pulling out my knockout powder as I went, feeling better just having it in my hand and ready to throw.
The front room looked like any other front room of a suite except it was obvious the owners didn’t even bother to have maid service in the rooms either. The only deference to the dust were the sheets thrown over the furniture; they were once white and crisp, but now were dull and gray. Jackson hadn’t removed one sheet since he’d been here. There were lost will-o-wisps floating in the dark corners of the room, their flickering light the only thing to see by. I wasn’t exactly surprised to see them here.
There was a small wet bar on one wall, and nothing there had been touched either. What was Jackson doing here then? I motioned with my empty hand for Ronnie and Joey to follow me as I made my way across the room to the doorway in the far wall, figuring it lead to the bedroom. I heard Ronnie shut the door behind us, locking it and setting a freezing spell on the doorknob for good measure. I said another silent prayer that the small dose of knockout powder I’d hit Jackson with would keep him out long enough for us to get out of here.
Once in the bedroom, I risked turning on the light. I blinked in the sudden flood of light and missed whatever made Joey gasp in horror. I dropped to the floor, expecting an attack before my eyes adjusted to the new light. There was no attack, but I stumbled when I saw what made Joey gasp. I braced myself against the doorframe to push back up to my feet, holding onto it, feeling the paint chip away under my nails.
Cages. There were cages everywhere. Inside the cages were supernatural creatures. There was a leprechaun in a cage set on top of a cage that held a gremlin that glared at me with hard, gray eyes. I wasn’t the least bit surprised to see him. Beside the gremlin was a cage full of tiny pixies fluttering excitedly, squealing as they tried to reach out Joey, but whenever they got too close to the bars, there was a spark of light, the sound of something sizzling, and they would scream, flying away from the bars. And there were wisps everywhere. They darted from one cage to the next, feeding off one cramped form to another. They were so bright and happy you didn’t even need the electric lights to see by.
“Oh gods,” I whispered behind a hand. There were three other cages. A small fairy girl huddled in the middle of one, clutching her knees to her chest as she watched us with wide blue eyes, never blinking, and tears running freely down her tiny face. The next cage was large enough for two people to stand in, but it was empty. In the final cage, I saw Roane, or at least who I thought was Roane.
He was emaciated and pale, his skin nearly gray with circles under his eyes so that he looked like he had two black eyes. He was very obviously dying, having been drained of all power and energy. Wisps hovered around him, casting an eerie glow on his sallow skin.
“By the gods,” Ronnie gasped behind me when she finally came in. I felt her hand on my arm as she gripped me, trying to steady herself just as I had with the doorframe.
“How did he catch so many?” I asked, knowing Ronnie couldn’t answer me. Joey rushed into the room, falling to her knees before the cage with the trapped pixies. She tried to touch the cage, clawing at the locks, but the magic on the cage zapped her, shocking her fingers and making her cry out in pain as she snatched her hands away, pressing her fingers to her mouth.
“Mattie! Do something!” she cried, twisting around to face me. Her terror pulled me out of my shock, and Ronnie and I started forward. Ronnie went to help Joey and the pixies, and I went to Roane’s cage.
“We’re gonna get you all out of here,” I said when I caught the angry look of the gremlin again. His eyes narrowed and he glared at me, his distrust plain on his face, but I didn’t have time to argue with his silent anger. I grabbed the lock on Roane’s cage, set my finger to the keyhole, and zapped it like I had at Jackson’s house, but I didn’t hear the answering snap I expected.
“It’s enchanted,” Roane said in an empty voice so soft I almost couldn’t hear him. He picked up his head and opened his eyes. I was taken aback by the lack of light and life. Instead when I looked into his eyes, I saw defeat, a resignation to his fate. Roane was teetering on the edge and was ready to welcome the fall.
“Frogs!” I yelled, throwing the lock against the cage, making it rattle and startling the pixies so they zoomed around their cage, their squeaking cries loud enough to make Ronnie cringe as she fought with her own lock.
“Where are the keys?” Ronnie asked the room at large.
“The human has them,” the gremlin said in a thick Bavarian accent as he batted away one persist wisp.
“Wait, why can’t you get out?” I demanded, turning to the steely-eyed gremlin. Gremlins had an affinity with metal, able to work with it like an artist shapes clay. It was thanks to their magic that the Allied Forces had been able to build tanks that withstood Gatling Gun fire in World War Two and had developed new ammunitions that had finally turned the tide and eventually won the war. A stupid pad lock should be child’s play for him.
“It. Is. Enchanted,” he said, biting off each word. I could see his anger and embarrassment that he’d been bested by a human dabbling in magic. I knew how he felt.
“So what? We go back to his house for the keys?” Ronnie asked. Heat rushed through me as I remembered holding the keys in my hands as I searched for the room key. I had them in my hand, the answer, the easy way out, and I had left them all behind. I closed my eyes and shook my head. We would have to go back.
“No need,” a rough voice answered Ronnie before I could open my mouth. My head snapped up, and I saw Jackson standing in the doorway, gun in hand, pointing at all of us. “Don’t fucking move.”
I still had the canister of knockout powder in my hand and I flung it at Jackson, ignoring his demand. The canister hit the wall by his head, bursting open, the powder exploding everywhere. Jackson ducked instinctively and pulled the trigger, the gunshot resounding like cannon fire in the confined space.
“Hold your breath!” I screamed at Ronnie and Joey as the cloud billowed out, but my voice sounded far away, the shot ruining my hearing. To my horror, Jackson didn’t collapse. I almost didn’t see his dark form rushing through the white cloud just before he barreled right into me, shoving me against Roane’s cage and knocking the breath out of me. I cried out as his fingers dug into my arms, gripping hard enough to bruise. He spun me around, throwing me into the cloud. I hit the ground with a gasp, sucking in the powder, feeling it coat my mouth and throat as it settled into my pores.
I think I cried out for Ronnie and Joey to run, but I couldn’t be sure. I blinked slowly, trying to will myself to my feet, but my arms and legs became too heavy to move. All I wanted to do was curl up into a little ball and sleep, and then the world became black.

Chapter 18
The first thing I was aware of was an intense throbbing in the back of my head. I opened my eyes to a blinding white light, making me cringe away from it. Curling in on myself, I covered my face with my hands and groaned.
“Mattie?” Ronnie’s voice was entirely too close, her anxiety biting at my skin and the heat of her body making my stomach roll. I peeked through my fingers and saw her terrified face hovering over me. Her cheeks were streaked with red tear tracks and her eyes were puffy from crying. Tiny curls had come loose from her braids, springing up around her head in an orange mist.
“Back up,” I whispered, but she only furrowed her brow at me, my words muffled behind my hands. “Back up,” I repeated, swallowing against the bile that rose in my throat.
“Oh,” Ronnie said, finally understanding me, and suddenly her face wasn’t hovering over me. In her place, three wisps appeared over me, drinking in my pain. I took the moment I needed to compose myself, closing my fingers and cutting off the light. In that moment, I would have killed for a pain amulet or a healing potion.
I rolled to my hands and knees, pausing as my stomach lurched. Sitting back on my heels, I managed to open my eyes, letting them slowly adjust to the light, and I was able to look around without my head spinning. I waved my hands around, sending the parasitic wisps flying. The throbbing was consistent enough that I was able to pull my attention away from it and look for Ronnie.
She was only feet away from me since we were locked in the same cage. It was the large empty one I’d noticed earlier, before Jackson came in.
“Oh, right,” I said, shaking my head as my memory caught up with me, and I remembered what had happened. I’d taken a face full of my own knockout powder. How embarrassing.
“You with us now?” Ronnie asked.
“Yeah, I’m here,” I answered. Running my hands through my hair, I forced it out of my face and tucked the ends behind my ears. I could see my stuff against the far wall by the door and so far out of my reach it wasn’t even worth thinking about. He’d even taken my scarf, the paranoid bastard.
I glanced around at the other cages and saw that nothing else had changed; even the old gremlin was still glaring at me through the bars of his cage. I had to stop myself from blowing him a kiss just to give him something to be pissed about.
“Where’s Joey?” I asked. My voice didn’t convey the worry that had taken root in me when I realized the absence of her bright pink hair.
“She got away,” Ronnie said, nodding to the broken window beyond the cages. “When you threw the powder and Jackson fired the gun, she made a break for it. She is one fast little pixie.”
“Yes, she is,” I agreed. “Well good, at least she got away and some one knows where we are. Maybe she’ll go get help.”
“If she really got away.”
“What do you mean?”
“Jackson,” Ronnie said. “After he locked us up, he left to go find her.”
“How did he manage to get you in here? Did you get hit with the powder too?”
“No.” Ronnie glanced away from me, and I felt a cold and clammy hand grip the base of my spine, terrified about what she might say. “He threatened to kill you if I didn’t listen. You were passed out, so it wasn’t like you could fight back, right? So I just complied like a coward.”
“Not like a coward,” I said. “Like a friend.”
“I guess.” Ronnie’s eyes flickered to my face and then dropped to my neck before she looked away again. I touched my neck and felt the sting of the cut, my fingertips coming away wet with blood. A knife to the neck. What a classy guy.
“Thanks,” I said and, after clearing my throat, added, “Sorry I got us into this damn mess.”
“You didn’t.” Ronnie shook her head, sending one heavy braid to slide over her shoulder. She flicked it back with a huff.
I felt the circular argument coming, neither of us wanting to lay blame on the other while wanting to take responsibility for messing things up. I didn’t have the energy for it, so I kept my mouth closed and climbed to my feet. I was more than a little relieved when the room didn’t spin and my stomach remained where it belonged.
I moved to the door of the cage and stared at the lock. The bars were too close together for us to slip through, but the lock looked simple enough. Closing my eyes, I concentrated on the power inside of me, calling it forward, directing it to my hands until the power was snapping at my fingertips and buzzing through me.
“Mattie, wait,” Ronnie said, but I had already lifted my hands and let the power go, aiming at the lock. Tiny bolts of dancing lightning burst forward, striking the metal. There was a powerful boom that reverberated through the room and the bolts of power rebounded into me, throwing me back, making me fall to the floor. A sound of pain escaped me, and for one moment, I thought my head would split in two.
“That’s what I was trying to tell you,” Ronnie said. “The cages have been enchanted against our various powers. Roane can’t even touch his because it’s iron. The gremlin’s cage has been spelled to be impervious to his powers, and our cage has been spelled with an unbreakable charm and electrified.”
“Tricky bastard,” I said, pushing back up to my feet. My fingers were tingling, and I could feel tiny hairs floating away from my head as the static electricity zipped around me.
“Pretty clever for a human, right?”
“I’m not going to compliment a murderer,” I said between gritted teeth. “You really can’t do anything?” I demanded, spinning to face the angry face of the gremlin.
“Been here a month. You think I’m here on vacation? I like being crouched in a cage for weeks?” he spat back at me. He mumbled something in Bavarian I didn’t understand, but I was sure it wasn’t flattering.
“A month? What could he want you for a month for?”
“He’s been catching creatures, figuring out what we can do for him,” the sweet-faced fairy girl spoke up. Her voice sounded like ringing bells, and something inside of me warmed at the sound of her voice.
“Didn’t know gremlins don’t grant no wishes,” the gremlin said.
“Why did he catch you if he’s got Roane?” I asked the fairy girl. She’d come closer to the bars but was careful not to actually touch them, and I figured they were iron like Roane’s. Her cage wasn’t much bigger than Roane’s, but she was so tiny, probably not much older than eleven or twelve, she was able to stand in her cage.
“He caught me first,” she said, shaking her head. “But I don’t have a lot of power yet. I couldn’t do what he wanted, so he went after the prince.” She bowed her head quickly when mentioning Roane, almost curtseying.
“Then why keep you?” I didn’t ask why he didn’t kill her because looking at her fair face, I couldn’t bring myself to be so coarse. But it was the real question I was wondering.
“He said he wanted to keep me, so when I was older, more powerful, he’d have me at his disposal,” she said, her eyes filling with tears so that they shimmered in the light. “But he doesn’t understand.” She closed her eyes and the tears spilled over, running down her cheeks and splashing to the floor.
“He hasn’t figured out keeping you all caged and locked up is killing you?” I asked as I turned to look at the different prisoners and watched as they all shook their heads. The cage of pixies had gone quiet as they all drifted to the bottom of the cage, huddling together, squeaking sadly.
“Why the pixies?” I asked, unsure why I was letting my curiosity get the better of me.
“Because they are clever little thieves,” Jackson answered as he walked in, startling all of us. The fairy girl jumped, hitting the edge of her cage and shrieking in pain as the bars singed her arm. “Clever little thieves that can get into places other people can’t, and so long as I have enough of them to threaten, none of the rest will refuse what I ask. Isn’t that right?” Jackson crossed the room and flicked the cage with his finger, making it rattle, sending the tiny winged creatures crashing into each other as they fought for balance. They squeaked and squealed in terror, their tiny voices like knives in my ears as my head continued to throb. I covered my ears and glared at Jackson.
“I see you’re finally awake,” Jackson said, coming to stand in front of my cage. His lips were pursed as he looked at me, his eyes roaming from the top of my head, down to my feet, and back up again. A slimy feeling slid up my back as his eyes tracked my body. My hands fisted at my side and I was overwhelmed with the desire to punch him right in the face. Power snapped at my hands, the electric energy snapping along my skin, drawing Jackson’s attention. His eyebrows crawled up his forehead as he watched me rein in my temper, pulling the energy back into me, knowing it would be futile and wasteful to try to use it.
“That’s an interesting little trick,” Jackson said. “So, Matilda Kavanagh, witch for hire, is it?” He paused and actually smiled at me, as if he expected me to answer him.
“Why are you asking if you already know the answer?” I asked, crossing my arms.
“Just making pleasantries.”
“What did you do with Joey?” Ronnie asked, coming up behind me.
“Joey? Oh, the pixie girl?” Jackson smiled again, showing teeth this time, reminding me of a Were showing his fangs. “Afraid she got away. Let us hope she’s not stupid enough to do anything to upset me, I mean, since I have her friends here.” He motioned to both of us.
“Do what you gotta do, man,” Ronnie said, stepping forward and almost touching the bars. “We’re not going to do your bidding, got me?”
“Oh, I think you will,” Jackson said, his voice dropping low. He lowered his chin, his gaze boring into me as he shifted his attention away from Ronnie. “I think you will.”
He came to the door of our cage and pulled out a key to unlock it. The door swung in and he took a step, keeping his eyes on me so that when his hand shot out and grabbed Ronnie by the hair, she wasn’t expecting it. She screamed as he yanked her around by her braids. She lost her footing and fell to her knees, but Jackson kept his arm firm so that her hair pulled painfully against her scalp, and she struggled to get back to her feet.
I rushed forward, hands out, wanting to help her, but Jackson stopped me, “Tut, tut, I wouldn’t do that.” Jackson pulled the handgun out of his pocket with his free hand and held it up to Ronnie’s head. I nearly fell in my effort to stop, holding my hands up in surrender.
“Okay, just take it easy,” I said, keeping my eyes on Jackson once Ronnie managed to get her feet under her and she was standing again, taking the weight off of her hair. Jackson pressed the barrel of the gun to Ronnie’s temple when he pulled her against his body, like a human shield.
“I don’t think I really need to explain how this works, do I?” he asked, tilting his head to the side.
“I do what you say or else you kill my friend,” I said, rolling my eyes at him. “Got it, thanks. What the fuck do you want?”
“Pretty simple really,” Jackson said as he walked backward, taking Ronnie with him. “You’re going to brew a potion for me.”
“That’s it?”
“That’s it.”
“What kind of potion?” I asked, knowing there were hundreds of potions that were illegal and could get me burned at the stake just for brewing them, let alone letting anyone use them. But Jackson ignored me for the moment. He turned the gun on me and told Ronnie to go sit in a nearby chair.
“If you try anything, I’ll blow her head off,” he said, and Ronnie rushed to do as he said, holding on to the armrests as if afraid the chair would eject her of its own free will and he’d pull the trigger.
He came back into the cage to grab the door and shut it. I could hear the locking mechanism engage without him actually locking it. How disappointing. He turned back, set the gun on the dresser, and started to tie Ronnie to the chair with zip ties at her wrists and ankles. I could see the plastic strips biting into her wrists so tight that she’d risk cutting herself if she struggled too much. Ronnie and I stared at each other, struggling silently to figure out what the hell we were going to do.
“What kind of potion?” I asked again, biting off each word.
“A love potion,” Jackson said with a bright smile. “I understand those are your specialty, right? Should be as easy as pie for you!”
“I don’t bake,” I said, making Jackson laugh.
“So I just need you to tell me what ingredients you need, and we’ll get started.”
“Who is the spell for?”
“Does that matter?”
“Yes,” I said.
Jackson came toward the cage again and stared at me. His brows drew together as he stared at me, deciding whether or not to answer me. How quickly he went from laughing and joking to somber and considering made me worried. I figured I was just dealing with a power hungry human, but if he was actually a psychopath, I was going to have to tread carefully. I didn’t want to get Ronnie killed just because I was trying to stall.
“Look, I need to know who it is because there are a lot of factors that go into the type of love potion I choose,” I said. “If it’s someone you know and they already have the propensity to love you, I won’t need something so strong. If it’s a total stranger, then that’s a whole different batch of ingredients. But if it’s someone you know, but they don’t like you, well, that’s a little more complicated.”
Ronnie tilted her head to look around Jackson, trying to catch my eye. She knew very well that I only ever brewed one kind of love potion, the kind that caused affection and would wear off in time if the couple didn’t have true feelings for one another. But right now I needed to buy time to get our butts out of here. If Jackson knew anything about love potions, he’d be doing this for himself.
“And, while we’re at it, why are you having me do this for you?”
“Because you’re a witch,” Jackson answered, though it sounded like a knee-jerk response, not that he actually wanted to tell me.
“I get that,” I said, waving a hand. “But you’ve caught two fairies, a cloud of pixies, and all these others. A love potion should be no big deal for you.”
“I’m a human,” Jackson said, and for the first time, I heard remorse in his voice. “Spells aren’t very easy for me, and I’ve already had a few accidents with potions. So far the only ones that have worked for me are blood magic and I’m sick of it.”
“I see,” I said. That cold and clammy hand was back around the base of my spine. Humans dabbling in blood magic was a scary thing. People died trying to get them right and they often ended up resorting to sacrifices and demon summonings. Too many misguided teenagers went missing once their pacts were up and the demons came to collect their new pets.
“I’ve tried to use these.” Jackson moved over to the fairy girl’s cage and kicked it. She whimpered, half-surprised and half-terrified, as she huddled in on herself. My nails cut into my palms with the need to claw his eyes out and get him away from the young fairy. “But apparently you can’t wish for true love.” He frowned at the fairy, bringing his face close to the bars of her cage, wrapping his hands around the bars. I watched as his knuckles mottled, running red to white and back again.
“That’s not how wishes work,” Jackson said in a high-pitch voice, mimicking something said to him before I arrived. “And this one…” he said. Shoving away from the fairy girl’s cage, he turned and gripped a cloth covering another cage. He ripped the cloth off with a flourish and my stomach lurched, making me stumble when I saw the dead body inside. “This one died too damn fast.” The dozens of will-o-wisps darted for the cage, covering the still form with their glowing light. I had to look away as they became brighter and brighter. At least they were leaving the rest of us alone for now.
“How many wishes did you ask for?” I demanded, shifting my eyes from the dead fairy to Roane and back again. Roane was still curled up on the floor of his cage, and the horror of how close I’d come to arriving too late settled in the back of my mind.
“What?” Jackson asked, finally pulling his eyes away from the body. His upper lip was curled in a sneer, and he tossed the cloth back over the cage. He did so without looking, not really caring so that the cloth didn’t cover the cage completely and I could still see one gray foot.
“You can’t do this to fairies!” I yelled, my panic finally bubbling over. “They aren’t a bottomless pit, for fucksake! You have to let them recharge their magic, let them go back into the Shide. If you make them use their magic over and over again without replenishing their power, they die.”
“Thanks,” Jackson said, picking a piece of lint off of the front panel of his pants. “I figured that out.”
“Then why does he look like that?” I demanded, pointing at Roane.
“I can’t very well send him home, now can I?” Jackson arched one brow at me, tucking his hands in his pockets as he faced me again. He was a man at his ease, discussing the weather or last night’s reality TV shows. “But a witch doesn’t need to replenish her powers, do you? You can brew potion after potion, create as many charms as I want. Can’t you?” His lips spread into a slow smile, and I saw a new light glinting in his beady eyes. I could almost see it in his eyes, the image of him swimming through an ocean of gold, dead bodies strewn about, cast out of his way.
“Fine,” I sighed, realizing there was no reasoning with this man. If he’d already started using blood magic, I was afraid what else he would be willing to do and I really didn’t want to see Ronnie’s blood and grey matter decorating the walls. “Who is it for?”
“My ex-wife,” Jackson said. Somewhere inside of me, I think I expected to hear him say that. I could see Bernadette unconscious on the concrete floor, her pretty, sandy colored hair tangled under her head and the red and blue bruise blossoming on her face. Yeah, this guy sure was a romantic at heart, I could tell.
“That’s going to be difficult,” I said.
“Why?” Jackson’s eyes flashed, and for a moment, his upper lip quivered in a sneer.
“Why did you guys get divorced?”
“That is none of your business,” Jackson said. It would have been less scary if he had screamed the words at me, but the way he said it in that low hiss, I couldn’t stop myself from taking a step back, away from him. Even with the bars separating us, in that moment, he scared me.
“All right,” I said, holding my hands up to ward him off. “All I meant is that scorned love or a broken heart is harder to spell for. Can you at least tell me if you left her or she left you?”
Jackson continued to glare at me, his nostrils flaring as he tried to control his breathing, but finally he said, “She left me.” Those were the angriest three words I had ever heard and I was scared for Bernadette then.
“Very well,” I said, not at all surprised. “Then I’ll need cherry brandy, honey, orange rind, cumin, and mistletoe berries.” Ronnie looked at me again, but I refused to meet her eye, staring at Jackson, silently planning his death.

Chapter 19
“Mattie, what are you doing? You’re going to kill that woman.” Ronnie was practically bouncing in her chair, making her ties bite into her arms as she struggled to reach me in the cage. Two wisps had drifted out of the cage of the dead fairy to float around her.
Jackson had brought me everything I’d asked for, including a copper pot and a camp stove for me to stir the spell. I’d thought better of the list I’d given him and added a few items, just in case he tried to do some research before he came back and found out the deadly properties of mistletoe.
But to my great relief, he’d come back with a box full of supplies and ingredients, placing them inside the cage without a word.
“Ronnie,” I whispered back to her as I crushed the mistletoe berries with the flat of my knife before chopping them, “shut up.”
“Just tell me what you’re doing.”
“I don’t want him to hear me,” I hissed back at her, trying to keep my voice as low as possible. “And if you don’t stop, he’ll hear you and kill us both.”
“But Mattie, you’re making a poison,” she hissed back at me, leaning forward as if she could get closer to me.
“I know that, but he doesn’t.”
“How are you going to let him give that woman poison?”
“For the love of toads, Ronnie, of course that’s not what I’m doing.” I threw my hands up in the air, sending specks of the poisonous berries flying. “Will you just trust me?”
“It doesn’t matter what you do,” a rough, low voice spoke, drawing our attention away from the argument. I blinked when Roane rolled to his side and pushed up to sit. He turned his dull eyes on me, the corners of his mouth drooping and his once shining, raven black hair hanging lank and oily around his face.
I noticed a burn mark on his cheek that, even in this dim light, looked red and angry against his pale skin. He pushed the panels of hair out of his face, tucking them behind his pointed ears as he coughed violently. Doubling over, he held on to his stomach as he rode the cough, quieting only after a light splatter of blood colored his lips.
“Roane,” I said, realizing I’d moved to the edge of my cage and had come dangerously close to the bars. After Jackson had left to get my supplies, I’d tried to break out again, only to be electrocuted and thrown back on my ass again. Ronnie was the one who saw the wires running out of the top of the cage, the source of the electricity. Clearly Jackson didn’t have faith in the charms and enchantments he’d managed thus far.
“Are you okay?” Ronnie asked Roane, though it seemed obvious that he wasn’t.
“Just peachy,” he said, grinding his teeth.
“I’ve come to get you out of here,” I said and realized almost immediately how stupid that sounded coming from someone held in an electrified cage. 
Roane laughed; it was a strained noise, punctuated with gasps of pain. “Rescue me, huh? And who is going to rescue you?”
“Never mind that,” I said, shaking my head. “We’re all getting out of here. Your parents sent me.”
“Seriously?” Roane asked, lifting his head when I finally got his attention. “You’re the cavalry my parents sent? One inept witch and her bungling sidekick?”
“Gee, Mattie, please work faster. I can’t wait to save him,” Ronnie said in a monotone, turning to look away from the prince. I couldn’t blame her; Roane was turning out to be as charming as his parents.
I turned back to my potion, giving the black liquid a stir with the wooden spoon. I never, ever used wooden utensils when I brewed. They were so often contaminated since wood could absorb anything it was submerged in and no amount of soapy water ever really got them clean. But since I was brewing a potion for our kidnapper, I wasn’t really worried about using contaminated tools. The worse, the better if you asked me.
“So you’re gonna try to poison the psycho, huh?” Roane asked and laughed at me. My shoulders inched up around my ears, and I gripped the spoon hard enough to make it squeak in my hand.
“Oh,” Ronnie said and I glanced at her to see her eyes wide with sudden understanding.
“Won’t work you know,” Roane said. “The guy is crazy, but he isn’t stupid. You’d think you would’ve figured that out since he’s caught so many of us. But whatever, you think you’re so smart. But when you try to slip him that, he’s just gonna kill your friend there.”
“Shut up,” I said into the pot, stirring a little too fast, making some of the black liquid slosh out and splash on my work surface. The plastic table top sizzled as the poison ate through, burning a nickel sized hole in the plastic. Roane scoffed behind me and I had to still my hands, reining in the desire to fling some of the black goop at him. But if I maimed him, I didn’t think the Dunhallows would come through with the other half of my payment. If I actually got out of this mess, that is.
“Just ignore him,” Ronnie said to me.
“Your majesty,” the little fairy girl cut in, and I couldn’t help but look at her. There were tears in her eyes and her tiny pointy chin quivered. “They’re just trying to help.”
“I know that, Tommie,” Roane said with a sigh. “I just don’t see the point in getting our hopes up anymore.” A tear spilled out of Tommie’s eye, adding to the red tracks on her round cheeks.
“Hope is always important,” she whispered. A wisp drifted out of the cage and bobbed its way to her, settling in the air just before her chest. I wanted to wrap her up in a warm blanket and hug her tight and wipe her tears away. I glanced over my shoulder at Roane and saw that he had the good grace to look embarrassed.
“From the mouths of babes,” I whispered and turned back to the boiling potion. I dug through the box of useless supplies until I found the bottles in the bottom and grabbed two, one large and one small.
I filled the small bottle, using a glass eye-dropper, relieved when the potion didn’t eat through the glass. Holding the vial at eye level, I whispered, “Inficio infeci infectum.” The vial grew almost too hot in my hand to hold as the spell activated, waiting to be used. I corked the vial; now that it was properly activated, it wouldn’t eat through inanimate objects. I tucked the small vial into my bra, hoping Jackson wouldn’t think to search me a second time.
I had just managed to whisper the incantation over the second, larger bottle when Jackson entered the room, throwing the door open so that it slammed against the wall, startling us all. I have never been so grateful to already have a potion corked than I was in that moment. Jackson stood in the doorway, looking around at all of us. His gaze lingered on the now conscious Roane before he turned his attention to Ronnie, his eyes dropping to her wrists.
I realized there was blood on her arms, around her ties. In her earlier excited state, she’d cut her arms on the hard plastic zip ties.
“Trying to get out, are we?” Jackson asked, moving over to Ronnie.
“No,” she shook her head vigorously. “You just pulled them too tight is all.”
“I don’t think so,” Jackson said, and he pulled his fist back and let it fly, striking Ronnie on the cheek. I thought I heard something crack under her cry of pain, but he hit her so hard that her chair tipped and, after a moment where Ronnie hung suspended in the air, she crashed to the ground.
“You dirty bridge dweller,” I screamed, rushing for the door of my cage, grabbing at the bars before I could stop myself. The electric currents shot through my body, shaking me, stealing my voice and setting every nerve ending on fire. The shock of power sent me flying before I could pry my hands off the bars, and I knew, if I was still alive in the morning, my ass was going to be seriously bruised.
I could taste pennies and my nails were starting to turn black. If I wasn’t careful, I’d lose them all before this night was over. The electric shock was bad enough, but coupled with my own telekinetic powers, it was doubly painful.
Jackson tsked at me, shaking his head as he watched me climb to my hands and knees. The room spun for a moment, and I had to close my eyes and concentrate on my breathing to get my head under control before I attempted to get to my feet. I could feel my hair lifting around my head as the static electricity danced through it. Whatever or whoever I touched next was going to get a painful jolt.
“We don’t have all night, Ms. Kavanagh,” Jackson said, and I could see him tapping his foot. I really wished I had something to stab that fucking foot with right then. I swallowed against the bile rising in my throat and managed to get to my feet. When the world remained steady, I walked over to the work station I’d set up, snatched the bottle with the poison, and held it up for him to see.
“Here,” I said. My throat was raw enough to make my voice sound unfamiliar even to my ear.
“Wonderful!” He clapped his hands together before coming to the door of my cage. He stuck his arm through the bars, careful not to touch either side, and held his hand out for the bottle.
I stumbled forward and thought about grabbing his arm and pulling him into the bars and frying his ass, but if I did that, I’d be electrocuted too and I wasn’t sure I could take another round without finally hurting something in my brain.
I extended the bottle, stopping just before I placed it in his open palm. “Just one thing,” I said.
“What’s that?”
“This isn’t meant to be taken by Bernadette,” I said. Jackson took his hand back, stepping back from the cage to squint at me.
“How’s that?”
“Well, I mean, you take half of it first,” I said, trying to think of something to get that look off of his face. “Then you give the other half, with three drops of your blood added to it, to whomever you want to bespell.”
“I told you I was tired of blood magic,” Jackson said as he crossed his arms over his chest.
I dropped my hand, holding the bottle tight. “I know, but that’s how all love potions work. You have to add some of your essence to the potion, otherwise it’s just a cherry brandy cocktail.”
I held the bottle up again and lifted my eyebrows, waiting. The way he continued to stare at me, I was surprised that Jackson hadn’t asked me to brew a truth spell first so that he could force anyone to drink it before he asked them questions.
“So I drink half, add my blood to the rest, give it to Bernadette, and she’ll love me again?” Jackson asked.
“If you want to call it that,” I said, unable to help myself. Jackson tilted his head, his eyes narrowing at me, and I heard Ronnie make a noise on the floor. “All I mean is that it will be manufactured, not really true love.” I made air quotes with my fingers. After a moment, Jackson seemed to accept my explanation and held his hand through the bars again. I set the bottle in his hand. He pulled his hand out of the cage and eyed the bottle just as he’d been eyeing me.
“Never seen a love potion that was black before,” he said, tilting the bottle back and forth to catch the light, as if he expected to see something sinister inside the potion.
“Well, this one is,” I said with a one-shoulder shrug, keeping my eyes on him. I didn’t want to do anything that would make him second guess me. I just needed him to take one tiny swallow of the stuff and he’d be down in half a second. If he actually managed to drink half of the potion, his organs would shut down before his heart stopped beating. Right then I didn’t care which outcome happened, so long as he drank some of the damned potion.
Jackson pulled the cork out and took a whiff of the potion, recoiling with a grimace almost immediately. Poisons never smelled pleasant, and this one smelled like black licorice and dirty socks – a combination that only a troll would like.
Jackson set the bottle on the dresser and moved over to Ronnie. He grabbed the back of her chair and hauled her back up. When he snatched the bottle, I flinched, terrified some would spill out and burn his hand and give me away, but miraculously, it didn’t.
“You drink it first,” Jackson said, thrusting the bottle out and holding it in front of Ronnie’s mouth, dangerously close to her lips. I blanched and took a step forward, stopping just short of touching the bars. Ronnie’s eyes were so wide I could see the whites all around. She turned her terrified eyes on me, and I shook my head. No, she couldn’t do this.
“It’s not meant for her,” I said quickly, fighting the urge to reach out for my friend and pull her out of harm’s way.
“I know that, but so long as I make sure not to get her blood into it, then it should be harmless for her to drink some, right?” he asked, keeping his eyes on Ronnie and pressing the bottle closer to her face. Ronnie cringed away from it, pressing her lips into a tight line, but a whimper still managed to escape her.
“Stop!” I screamed, holding my hands up as Jackson started to tip the bottle forward, threatening to spill the toxic liquid on her face if she didn’t open her mouth. Jackson stood up straight and turned to face me. He poured the potion out, spilling it onto the floor in a black, oozing puddle. Stupid, tricky human.
“I thought so,” he said, smiling at me. “Now, make it right. I’m going to go get Bernadette, and we’ll just make this nice and neat.”
Jackson set the bottle on the dresser again and took up his gun, pulling the slide to put a bullet in the chamber. I hated myself for not taking that with me when I had the chance. Jackson pressed the tip of the barrel against Ronnie’s cheek where he’d struck her, making her cry out in pain. I stepped closer to the cage, feeling the electricity humming through the metal, almost as though it was reaching out for the current in my body.
“Any more games, any more bullshit, and you’re going to see what the inside of your friend’s skull looks like,” Jackson said in that same low hiss. He twisted the gun, grinding the metal tip into Ronnie’s swollen cheek. I could see Ronnie gritting her teeth, trying not to give voice to her pain but failing.
“Okay, just stop, damnit,” I begged, hating the sound of my voice, but keeping my eyes on Ronnie as my heart pounded against my ribs.
“Good,” Jackson said, dragging the barrel down Ronnie’s cheek, making her groan in pain. I waved away a wisp, making Jackson turn to look at me, his brows knitted together. “What are you doing?”
“Nothing,” I sighed. Humans couldn’t see wisps unless a wisp was trying to bewitch them, and I just didn’t have it in me to explain it to him right then. Without another look, he stormed out of the room, slamming the door closed behind him. When we heard the front door slam shut, Ronnie finally gave over to the pain in her face and sobbed openly, her body shaking with her labored breathing. My legs gave out and I fell to my knees, twisting and pulling at my hands, desperate to get to her and get her out.
“The tricky witch isn’t so clever, is she?” Roane asked, and I didn’t have to look at him to know he was smirking.
“I should’ve just let you rot up here and told your parents to shove their threats up their ass,” I said back, but there wasn’t enough heat to my words. I hated him right then and was happy he was in a cage that he couldn’t even stand in.
“Just make the stupid potion, Mattie,” Ronnie said once she got her tears under control. I nodded. It was one thing to risk my life, but I couldn’t take watching him pick Ronnie apart to get me to cooperate. Who knows, maybe this Bernadette still loved him? The image of her bruised cheek swam into my mind, looking a lot like Ronnie did now, and I knew there was little chance she still loved him, not after being struck by him.
And here I was about to brew a potion to tie her to the man that had beat her. My stomach rolled again, threatening to make me sick right there in the cage as my self-loathing grew exponentially in mere moments. I tried to tell myself I was only doing this to save my friend and hoped it would be enough to keep my hands from shaking as I poured salt into the copper pot with the remaining poison. I found another, smaller pot in the box and started over, this time without the mistletoe.
“Damn him,” I whispered, blinking away the tears that blurred my vision as I measured the cherry brandy.
***
“What do you think is going to happen after you brew that?” Roane asked. His voice sounded stronger, clearer than it had earlier.
“I imagine the maniac will give it to his ex-wife,” I said, staring into the rose-colored potion, giving it a stir, making sure to use a different spoon than the one I’d used for the poison.
“Right, and then what? You think he’s going to let you go?” Roane pressed, and I suppressed the desire to punch him in his pointy face.
“No, I don’t think that,” I answered.
“Guy, would you just shut up?” Ronnie said in the voice of someone who just wants to go quietly into the void, not listening to some jumped-up fairy prince whining and giving us a hard time.
“Ignore him, Ron,” I said counting the number of stirs, pulling the spoon out of the potion on the thirteenth revolution. I watched as the rose tint faded to the pleasing shade of pink I was waiting for. It was clear as water and smelled of the honey and cherry I’d mixed in. Unafraid to touch this potion, I dipped a clean bottle into the pot, filling it before corking it.
The cloud of pixies started tittering in their cage, their wings buzzing loudly as they started moving around. Tommie turned to face the door of the bedroom, a pinched look on her sweet face. “He’s here,” she whispered.
I understood the pained look on her face when Jackson shouldered the door open and threw Bernadette in, sending her tumbling to the floor. She hit the floor with a sound of pain, and I cringed when she lifted her face. Her lip was split open, there was a trickle of blood on her chin, and the older bruise on her cheek had a cut in the center now, as if she’d been struck again in the same place. Angry electric pulses danced around my hands and I imaged digging my fingers into Jackson’s face, burning out his eyes as he screamed under my grip. Wisps floated in the middle of the room, feeding off of Bernadette’s fear and my anger and Ronnie’s pain.
“Here we are,” Jackson said with a bright smile. His eyes were a little too wide as he pointed the gun at Bernadette, who was struggling to get to her feet. She took in the room around her, the cages, the dying creatures, Ronnie bound to a chair and bleeding, and me, standing there with electricity pulsing through my hands with a steaming pot on a camp stove behind me.
“Jackson, what have you done?” Bernadette breathed, holding her hands to her chest, shaking her head slowly.
“I’ve secured our future, Bernie,” Jackson replied, gesturing to the room at large with his free hand. “See, the fairy has granted me wishes for the lottery and taken care of Derrick for me, and we have that other fairy to grant us even more wishes once she’s older.” He gestured to Tommie as she shrank back in her cage, moving as far away from him as the bars would allow her. “And now I managed to get us a couple of witches to brew any potion we could possibly want! Imagine what we can do with all of this. We’ll never have to worry about money again. We’ll be happy again.”
“Was Derrick the poor bastard we found in the storage unit with her?” Ronnie asked. I didn’t like that she outed us as the ones who called the cops on Jackson, but we were already in cages, so it really didn’t matter.
“Derrick was a bastard,” Jackson said. “You’re right about that.”
“Wait,” I turned to look at Roane through the bars of our cages, “you killed someone for him?” Roane didn’t look at me, didn’t even answer me; he just kept staring at the ceiling.
“No,” Jackson said, “he said fae magic doesn’t work that way.” His voice was high-pitched and mocking, matching the sour face he made. “He granted me a wish to make sure Derrick was in the right place at the right time so I could take care of him.”
“Jackson,” Bernadette choked on his name as a sob escaped her, “how could you?”
“How could I?” Jackson demanded, his voice going dangerously low. “How could you? You are my wife and he was my best friend.”
“Jack,” she said as she shook her head, “we fell in love; we didn’t do it on purpose. And why do you care? Really? You were more concerned with the business and money. You stopped caring about me or Derrick a long time ago.”
“You’re wrong about that,” Jackson said. He touched her face, his fingers light against her swollen cheek, and for one moment, I saw his features soften. But Bernadette still cringed and turned away from him, unable to bear his touch.
Bernadette looked at me, and even through her broken and bruised face, I could see the pity in her eyes. She mouthed her apologies, tears brimming in her eyes. I shook my head. She had nothing to apologize for, but I would, soon enough.
“Jackson, this is wrong,” she said as she turned to face her ex-husband again.
“I thought you might see it that way,” Jackson said. He shook his head and chuckled lightly. He shook the gun at her like she was a child who needed the secrets of the world explained to her. “But Ms. Kavanagh here is going to help you see the light.” Bernadette looked at me again, her brows drawing together before she dropped her eyes to the bottle in my hand. Being human, I didn’t know if she would know what the potion was, but I felt the urge to hide the bottle from her, like some dirty little secret.
“What is that?” she asked.
“Just something to help you see the light,” Jackson said, laying a hand on her shoulder, making Bernadette flinch.
“It’s a love potion,” I said, trying to sound reassuring. Bernadette turned her wide eyes on me and shook her head slowly. Her lower lip trembled as she opened her mouth to protest. I wanted to look away from her fear, but I was the one who had brewed this damn thing. The least I could do was look at her, suffer with her.
“Jackson, no.” Bernadette turned to him again and gripped the front of his shirt with both hands. I could see her knuckles were bloody as well, and her nails were broken. She had fought well, but I imagine when Jackson realized she wasn’t going to come willingly, he’d pulled out the gun and Bernadette had stopped fighting him.
“It’s going to be fine, Bernie,” Jackson spoke softly to her, brushing her hair away from her face, tucking it behind her ear as he stared into her face. For a moment, I could see the love he had for his wife, before he had become this crazed thing that had locked me away and started striking women.
Jackson stepped into her space and made her walk backward until she was almost touching my cage. Every nerve in my body tensed at the thought of her accidentally touching the bars and have to watch her convulse as thousands of volts of electricity passed through her body. But he stopped and held his hand out over her shoulder, through the bars. I clutched the bottle to my chest, not wanting to give it to him.
“You have to add your blood to it,” I said, trying to buy myself some time again, but this time, I wasn’t lying.
“I told you no blood magic!” Jackson roared, startling me so much I nearly dropped the bottle. Bernadette jumped, her back brushing against the bars, sending her body into uncontrolled seizures. The scream died on her lips as she lost control of her body. Her hands were still twisted into Jackson’s shirt and she pulled him against her body, sending the current through him. A noise crawled out of his throat before his hands convulsed and he pulled the trigger.
The gunshot was too loud in the confined space, stealing my hearing almost immediately. I felt as though I’d been submerged underwater, a great pressure on my ears. Plaster exploded overhead as the bullet lodged into the wall behind me. I could see Ronnie screaming at me though I couldn’t hear what she was saying. She tried to motion to Jackson with her head and it took me too long to catch up with her, but in the next moment, my mind kicked into gear and I was digging in my bra. I pulled out the tiny vial of poison and rushed forward.
Jackson’s mouth was open in a silent scream as his body continued to dance in a jerking, macabre way, slamming Bernadette into the bars over and over again. I pulled the cork out of the vial and thrust my arm through the bars, over Bernadette’s shoulder. Jackson’s arm touched me, sending the current through my body, but he couldn’t manage to work his fingers to grab ahold of me. The jolt of power threw me back, but not before I tilted my hand and poured the poison into his mouth.
The black liquid splashed against his lips, dotting his chin, burning his skin. The smell of burning flesh filled the room, curling into my nose, and I knew I would never forget that smell. My heart was racing, my pulse thundering in my ears, and I didn’t know if it was the horrifying sight of seeing the white bone of Jackson’s jaw through his skin or the third electrocution. With jittering arms, I called my power to my hands, hearing my father’s soothing voice in my ear, telling me to remain calm as the tiny bolts of lightning danced around my fingers. Stepping forward, I slipped my hands through the bars and touched Bernadette’s back, shocking her as I shoved her forward, away from the bars.
She crumpled to the floor, her arms and legs jerking uncontrollably, and I worried she’d taken too much voltage, but it was Jackson’s screams that drew my attention away. He’d fallen to the ground and was clawing desperately at his face. Blood covered his chin, running down his neck and staining his shirt. His eyes went wide as he clutched at his chest, his heart constricting. His left arm fell, dead at his side. He managed to spare a glance at me before his eyes fell on the still form of his wife.
Tears rolled out of his eyes as his neck gave up the fight of holding up his head. He reached out with his right hand, touching her sandy hair one last time, caressing it between his fingers before his hand went limp, his eyes staring lifelessly at the woman on the floor. The wisps converged upon him.


Chapter 20
I was too shocked to cry. I was too shocked to do anything but sit on the floor and stare at the bodies outside my cage. Ronnie was trying to talk to me, but nothing she was saying registered. I didn’t know what she expected me to do anyway. I mean, I couldn’t get out of the cage, and the only person not tied up was Bernadette and she was unconscious. I just prayed that was the only thing wrong with her.
“Ronnie,” I said, finding my voice, “just stop.”
“But we have to get everyone out of their cages. The metals and enchantments are killing them.” Ronnie strained against her ties, making her arms bleed even more. If she didn’t stop, she’d end up with scars to remember this horrible nightmare for the rest of her life.
“Let me know how you expect me to do that, and I’ll be happy to help,” I said, looking up at her. She opened her mouth to argue with me or snap at me maybe, but she thought better of it and closed her mouth without another word.
The cloud of pixies started tittering in their cage again, and I turned to see a few of them buzzing to life, floating to the top of their cage. Their tiny, bright eyes were wide with excitement as they watched the door of the room. A few of them started to squeak as they zipped around the confined space.
“What’s happening?” Ronnie asked, but I just shook my head, turning my gaze to watch the door. A moment later, Joey darted in. She was a pink blur almost.
“Oh gods,” she gasped, wavering between going to Ronnie, me, or the unconscious woman on the floor. “Oh, you’re okay, you’re both okay, oh thank gods.”
“Looks like we missed the party,” a vaguely familiar voice rumbled from the doorway, and I saw the impressive form of Kyle standing there. He had one hand braced on the doorframe, and I caught his claws slowly retracting into his fingers, forming back to a smooth, dark hand. A cloud of wisps darted away from him, trying to escape through the closed window.
“What are you guys doing here?” I asked, but I couldn’t be happier to see them.
“The police wouldn’t come with me,” Joey said, her hands hovering around her face. “I told them that guy,” she pointed at Jackson, “kidnapped you guys, but they just laughed at me. I didn’t know who else to go to, and then I remembered Kyle was at your apartment when… Well… you know.” She finished with a shrug.
“Kyle, thank you,” I breathed, finally letting my body shake, letting go of the white-knuckled control I was holding on to.
“Any time, Mattie,” he said with that bright white smile as he came forward. He hesitated, eyeing the lock. “Any idea where the keys are?”
“Are we really not going to call the cops?” Ronnie asked, stopping Kyle in his tracks, his black boot coming dangerously close to the wet, red stain in the carpet by Jackson’s head.
“Joey already tried to go to the cops,” I said.
“Yeah, but if Kyle calls and says he’s here and there’s a body on the floor, they may actually show up,” Ronnie said. “They’re gonna find out the guy is dead sooner or later. Do you want their forensics people to figure out we were all here and not know it was because we were held captive?”
I looked up at Kyle, still standing too near Jackson’s head, and he shrugged. Sighing, I nodded, waving a hand at him. Kyle pulled out his cell phone and called the cops. Ronnie was right; as soon as he said “dead body,” it was less than two minutes before we could hear the wail of sirens racing down the street. I hated to think what kind of place this building really was if gunshots didn’t raise any questions and needed an actual phone call for help before anyone batted an eye.
Within thirty minutes, the place was swarming with police. There was a sheet over Jackson’s body and paramedics were reviving Bernadette. Kyle was in the front room with Joey as the police questioned him. I said a silent prayer that they didn’t know Kyle was a Were. A paramedic cut Ronnie free of her ties and started cleaning the bleeding wounds on her arms while we waited for an electrician to come out to deactivate the wires going into my cage. Apparently they were reluctant to just unlock the door and let me out before they were sure it was safe, no matter how much we told them Jackson had done it earlier.
Roane was finally out of his cage and in a chair with a blanket wrapped around his shoulders. Tommie was sitting on the floor by his feet, staring up at him, the doe-eyed look of a childhood crush making her eyes shine. Roane was going to need to get back to the Mound soon. It was the only thing that was going to make him feel better, and I was worried about how much time he had left.
They released the other captives, and the grumpy gremlin walked up to my cage and considered me for a long moment, his scaly hands on his narrow hips, his head tilted to one side. I stared silently back at him, no energy left in me to say anything. His lower lip jutted out and he nodded, tipping his head to me before he walked out of the room to join the other freed creatures for questioning.
Ronnie’s eyebrows shot up as she looked at me. It didn’t seem like much, but just that small gesture from a gremlin was high praise. Not that I thought I would ever get anything in return for what I’d gone through tonight.
By the time the electrician disabled the cage and the door was unlocked, Bernadette was awake, propped up in a chair with a paramedic cleaning the cuts on her face. Two investigators slipped into the cage after I exited and started marking places on the floor and wall with their little color-coded flags.
“There’s a bullet hole up there,” I said, pointing at the back wall. One investigator nodded and stuck a flag by the tiny hole.
Ronnie came over to me and hugged me. Her wrists were bandaged, making her look like she’d unsuccessfully attempted suicide tonight. Joey walked back into the room, the cloud of pixies swirling around her head, a squeaking, tittering, multicolored cloud.
“Thank you so much,” I said, reaching out to take her hand and give it a squeeze.
“Remind me to give you a raise,” Ronnie said.
***
Two hours later, with the sun rising in the east, Roane, Tommie, and I were driving through town, making our way to Caraway Park. Kyle had offered to drive Ronnie and Joey home so I could settle things with the Dunhallows. Roane was sullen and quiet on the drive home, which was just as annoying and obnoxious as he had been while caged. But I didn’t really care; the nightmare was over, and once I returned him to his parents, I could go home and sleep for a week.
After parking the car, I dragged myself out of the car, holding the door open for Tommie, who sprung out and dashed around to stand by Roane. She grinned up at him, but he only turned toward the grassy field and led the way to the Mound. Tiny sparks of anger flashed at my fingertips and I fantasized about flicking him in his pointy ears. Tommie glanced at me, the first signs of heartbreak showing at the corners of her eyes. I smiled at her, trying to silently reassure her, but I wasn’t sure how successful I was.
Unlike when I had arrived at the Mound alone, calling out for help, circling like an idiot before the doorway opened, Roane came within five feet of the entrance and it materialized magically. A high arch formed out of the earth and four fancy-dressed and armed guards filed out, surrounding the prince on all sides without missing a step.
I grabbed Tommie’s hand and hurried us through, following behind the escort, not trusting the fairies to keep the entrance open long enough for us to make it through. Tommie’s hand was tiny and cold in my hand, and she stuck close to my side as the entrance closed behind us, cutting off the reaching beams of sunlight.
“Roane!” Willow called out, rushing forward to greet her son as we walked into the audience chamber. The guards melted away from the prince, moving to stand along the walls as Willow wrapped her son in a hug. Roane was still wrapped in the emergency blanket the paramedics had given him, and he didn’t bother to release it to return his mother’s hug. I was really starting to regret saving his life the longer I spent time with him.
Stoirm came down from the dais to join his wife and son. For a moment, the Lord and Lady looked like every other set of parents in the world, just happy and relieved to have their child safe and sound. But when they turned their eyes on me, I watched that warmth and joy melt away and felt a chill run up my spine. Tommie’s hand tightened around mine and I squeezed back. If she wasn’t cowed, I certainly wouldn’t be either.
“Tomasina,” Willow said, her slim brows drawing together as she looked at the young fairy. “What are you doing here?”
“The man who kidnapped Roane took her as well,” I said. Tommie took a step to hide behind me, tipping her head to press her forehead to back of my arm. “Are you telling me none of you noticed she was missing?”
“Young Tomasina here is an orphan,” Willow said, as if that explained everything. I felt my face contract as if I’d sucked on a lemon, and Stoirm leveled me with a look that said he’d like nothing more than to slap me.
“Do not think you’re going to swindle more money out of us for saving her,” Stoirm said. Heat flooded through me and I had to let go of Tommie’s hand for fear of jolting her with power. Willow lifted her chin, looking down that perfect nose at me, waiting for me to do something stupid so that they could renege on our agreement or have me killed and call it self-defense. I took in a deep breath and held it, counting to ten in my head before I released it.
“Tommie, do you have somewhere to go?” I asked, turning my attention to the little fairy girl. She nodded, her hands were balled up and pressed to her mouth. “Then you should go,” I said, brushing a hand over her hair.
Tommie lifted up on her toes and whispered in my ear, “Thank you, Mattie.” Then she scurried out of the chamber on silent feet, her white night gown drifting around her bare ankles as she went.
“Roane,” Willow’s voice brought me back, and I turned to see him pulling out of her embrace and trying to leave. “Roane, where are you going?”
“Mother, I am exhausted, all right?” Roane snapped at her, making Willow flinch as if he’d struck her in the face. Gods, none of them deserved what I had gone through these last couple of weeks to help them.
“Yeah, I’d like to get out of here as well,” I said, but neither fairy turned to look at me. They watched their son stalk out of the chamber, disappearing into one of the dark hallways.
“Hello?” I said, raising my voice so that it echoed around us. Stoirm turned slowly to face me, his face clouded with anger and his fists balled at his sides.
“You dare—” he hissed, but I held up a hand and cut him off. I’d had enough of their stuck-up bullshit.
“You’re not going to break our deal, are you?” I demanded. “I’ve done what you asked of me. In return, you were to pay me the other half of the money you owed me and release Owen.”
“Who are you to tell us what to do?” Stoirm spoke as he walked over to me, stopping so that we were almost toe-to-toe. I could feel his breath as he exhaled, the warm air rushing over my face.
“Who am I?” I asked, keeping my voice level. “I am the witch you contracted and the witch who expects you to hold up to your end of the bargain. Or are you an oathbreaker?” I drew out each precious syllable, enjoying look of horror that crossed Stoirm’s face. Willow whipped around, finally pulling her attention away from the hall her son had disappeared into. Her mouth was open in surprise and her eyes were too wide, making her look crazed.
“How dare—” Willow started, but I stopped her just as I stopped Stoirm, holding a hand up to her.
“One more word, stall for one moment more, and I shall name you Oathbreaker and will call down the wrath of the Slaugh upon you both.” I reveled in their horror, their fear. They thought they were going to take advantage of me, not knowing I knew just how to deal with double crossing fairies. I shifted my eyes from Willow to Stoirm, daring them to call my bluff. If they refused to fulfill their part of the agreement and were named an oathbreaker, the Wild Hunt from their world would descend upon them with horses, dogs, swords, and fury. The two of them would either be ripped to shreds or taken by the Wild Hunt to ride forever, without rest.
“Of course we wouldn’t forget our end of the bargain,” Willow said, her voice taking on the practiced tone of working politics for years, even going so far as to offer me a closed-lip smile. She placed her hand on her husband’s shoulder, pulling him out of my space. His eyes flashed with fury before he turned away from me and stormed across the room to take his seat.
Willow clapped her hands and a small boy came running into the room, clutching a white envelope in his little hands. He slid to a stop in front of me and held out the envelope, his chin lifted, back pin straight, and arm so tight it shook. I took the envelope and opened it, taking the time to count the money inside. I could feel the heat of Stoirm’s hate, but I didn’t trust them enough to not to count the money. Not after how they behaved today.
“And?” I prompted, satisfied with the amount and tucking the envelope into the inside pocket of my jacket. Willow looked past me and waved a hand. It was a few minutes, but soon I heard the sounds of shuffling feet.
“Mattie?” a rough voice called out to me, but it was strained. I turned and saw Owen. He didn’t look like he’d been mistreated, but there was something about him that said he hadn’t been taken care of especially well either. His usually shiny hair was lank and a little greasy, hanging around his face. And the pallor of his skin was too pale, making him look almost sick, as if they hadn’t allowed him to feed enough in the last few days. His clothes were so wrinkled I wondered if he’d been wearing them since that last night I saw him in my apartment.
My lips parted, I could feel his name on my lips, but I couldn’t manage to speak it. The weight of his ring on the string around my neck pulled me down, and I had to fight against it to walk straight. Owen lifted his hands, expecting me to come to him, but I continued forward, reminding myself to keep breathing as I led the way out of the audience chamber.
We weren’t five feet into the tunnels before the world shifted around us and we were standing outside upon the grassy knoll. Owen flinched away from the bright light of the new dawn.
“They didn’t keep you fed,” I observed. Owen was old enough that the sun never bothered him anymore; to see him holding his arm up against the warm light was strange and disconcerting. A small part of me worried that he wasn’t safe to leave alone. If it had been too long since he’d fed, he couldn’t be trusted around humans as he tried to make his way back to the lair.
“Not well fed at any rate,” Owen answered, keeping his eyes averted from my face.
“So I guess you need a ride then,” I said. He lifted his eyes to look at me and I felt the air in my lungs rush out of me in defeat. I had wanted to return Roane to the Mound, get paid, get Owen released, and just wash my hands of this whole messed up situation, but when he looked at me with those sad and tired eyes, I felt the tiny string that was still tied around my heart that connected me to Owen constrict. My hands itched with the desire to brush his hair out of his face and touch his cheek, press my lips to his, and make that sad look leave his eyes.
“I’m not sure how smart it would be for me to be around humans right now,” Owen agreed, his voice catching in the middle as we gazed at each other.
“I can take you to the hotel,” I said, starting to turn toward the car.
“There are too many humans there,” Owen said, stopping me.
“You’re telling me there isn’t some secret passageway for vamps to get in?” I asked, challenging him to lie to me.
“Mattie, I’ll still be too near them too soon,” he said, leaning toward me, begging me to understand. He wanted to ask for my help, but he knew better than to actually do it. Not after what we’d been through, what he’d put me through.
“Are you seriously asking me to take you home to recuperate?”
“Yes.” He dropped his eyes, lifting his hands to run his fingers through his hair, pushing it out of his face like I had wanted to do. When he looked at me again, I could see the light pink tint to his eyes, the bloody tears threatening to spill over.
“Damnit.” I stomped my foot, wishing it was his hold on my heart that I was crushing into the ground. “C’mon then,” I growled, turning away from him and storming over to the car.

Chapter 21
Once back at my apartment, I busied myself taking care of Artemis, feeding him, cooing to him, apologizing for leaving him so long. Owen stood in my living room, shifting from foot to foot, unsure what to do with his hands. He’d used my phone to call a contact at the local blood bank to bring him some supplies to help replenish him.
I threw a pillow and some blankets on the couch before retreating to the bedroom, shutting the door behind me. Artie was already curled up on the arm chair in the corner by the time I crawled into bed after the longest, hottest shower I’d ever taken and changed into an oversized T-shirt. It felt good to rub my eyes without the grime and smeared make-up on them.
I examined my nails in the half-light. There were black scorch marks at the cuticles and they were tender to the touch, but at least I hadn’t lost any of them. After bushing my teeth and rising with mouthwash, I’d been able to chase away the taste of pennies.
Slipping down, I rested my head against the mound of pillows, feeling so small in the empty bed as I pulled the covers around me. It might have been my imagination, but I thought I could smell the crisp scent of Owen in the linens as if he’d been there the night before. It took days to get his smell out of the apartment after he left me, and now here he was again, permeating my life. A pain formed in my chest as my throat constricted, making me squeeze my eyes shut when the room went blurry.
The latch clicked as the bedroom door opened and a shadow slipped through. I gripped my pillow, burying my face into it as the springs of the mattress at my back compressed. The covers were lifted and the familiar, cool shape formed around me. Knees fit behind mine as an arm wrapped around me, the fingers prying mine away from the pillow to intertwine. His lips pressed gently to the shell of my ear as he rested his cheek against my damp hair. His smell was a little muskier tonight than in my memories, speaking of the weeks of captivity, but right then, it was exactly what my body needed. I breathed in his scent, letting it fill me, easing the knots in my back as my shoulders relaxed.
I turned, shifting under the covers, to face him, pressing my forehead to his. Even in the half-light, I could see his cheeks were fuller, the pinched skin around his eyes smoother. He had fed, and I hadn’t even heard the door. I traced his face with my eyes, stalling on his full, red lips, stained with a stranger’s blood where once my blood had given him that flush.
He brushed my cheek with the back of his hand, tracing a line down my chin, lifting it. Our lips met, parted, breathing each other. His kiss was light, tentative, expecting me to push him away. My fingers found his neck, slipping around to tangle in his hair, remembering the silky feel of it. He whispered my name and I swallowed it, pressing my lips to his again, harder this time, hungrier, giving over to the need to taste him again.
I felt the prick of a sharp fang nick my lip, flavoring our kiss with my blood. It was so familiar, so comforting it made my head swim with memories. His arms pulled me closer, pressing my body to his, and I realized the only thing separating us was my shirt and the pants he still wore. I closed my eyes, a tear spilling over, running down my cheek and slipping between our lips as I wrapped my arms around his neck.
Time didn’t exist for us then. The world was lost in lips and hips and the bite of our hunger as we filled each other. Blood and love blossoming between us again, as if we’d never missed a beat. I clawed at his pants as he ripped my shirt. Wrapping my legs around him, I had a moment to breathe before he rocked forward and filled me. We both cried out for the other, nails raking a path of passion and need in pale skin before the day slipped away in a whirlwind that stole my breath.
Hours later, I woke in a tangle of sheets and limbs. My legs were twisted with Owen’s and my cheek was resting on his chest. My heart thudded against my chest as relief washed through me and I admitted to myself what I’d been afraid to think earlier as I clung to him with his fangs buried in my shoulder as he drank from me again. I had expected to wake up alone again. But he was there, his arm around me, asleep and dead to the world.
I traced a pattern on his chest with my fingers, reveling in the warmth of his body, knowing it was my blood in him giving him that warmth. It was a strange intimacy knowing that your blood gave life to another.
Owen shifted in his sleep. A small noise of contentment rumbled low in his chest. I smiled, remembering that sound, not realizing how much I had missed it.
“Hey, girl,” he whispered, drawing my attention away from his chest to look him in the face. He was smiling down at me. I felt a renewed heat flush my cheeks and I buried my face in his chest again to hide it.
“No, let me see your face,” he said, reaching with his hand to lift my face by the chin. He pressed his lips to my forehead. I closed my eyes, trying to memorize the feel and shape of his lips on my skin. “Hungry?” he asked, and almost as if his question had caused it, I felt a small ache in my stomach.
“Actually,” I said and nodded. He smirked a little and winked at me before he slipped out of bed, grabbing his jeans and slipping them on, cutting off my view of those long, lean thigh muscles.
“Nutella and peanut butter on wheat, right?” he asked over his shoulder. It was the same thing I always craved after one of our love making sessions if he’d taken enough blood to make me hungry, which was pretty much every time.
“Right,” I said, sitting up in bed, holding the sheet to my chest as I pushed my tangled hair out of my face. He smiled at me again before walking out of the bedroom. I scrambled out of bed, found my discarded shirt across the room, and pulled it on, finger-combing my hair as I hurried after him.
The apartment went sideways for a moment, and I had to brace myself on the doorframe until it righted itself again.
“Slow down, girl,” Owen said with a chuckle. “You forget you need to be careful after donating?” Donating had been our inside joke about him drinking my blood. The sandwich, calling me girl, the inside joke; Owen was slipping into old habits so easy it made me a little nervous.
When I felt steady enough, I pushed out of the doorway and joined him in the kitchen. Artie padded after me, jumping onto the kitchen table to keep an eye on us. Owen had the bread and out and was spooning out a heaping amount of the chocolaty goodness, remembering I liked more of that than the peanut butter on my sandwiches.
He cut the sandwich diagonally and set it on a plate, bringing it over to me with a glass of milk. Before I could sit down, he grabbed me by the waist and spun me around until he was sitting in the chair and I was in his lap, fitting perfectly. It surprised a giggle out of me, which was mortifying.
I groaned and shook my head, hiding my face in my hands. Owen chuckled and picked up one half of the sandwich and waved it in front of my face so that the tempting aroma of chocolate and peanut butter overwhelmed my embarrassment. I took the half from him and took a bite, a very large, unladylike bite.
I was starting in on the second half when the air in the apartment shifted, and it was suddenly harder to breathe. Artemis hissed and jumped to all fours, his back arching as his fur stood on end. Owen went eerily still under me.
“Well, isn’t this just precious,” Theo hissed as smoke filled the apartment, swirling into a mass, forming slowly until she stood in the center of the apartment. We had been living on borrowed time.
“I see you’ve found my pet,” Theo said, narrowing her bright blue eyes at me. She looked almost identical to how she had looked the last time she’d snuck into my home: a gown of shadows drifting around her lithe body, her golden blond curls tumbling behind her bare shoulders. But her eyes were alive and wild with hate. I could see my death in those eyes.
“He is not your pet,” I said, dropping the uneaten sandwich and laying my hands on Owen’s wrists.
“Oh, but he is,” she said. “Isn’t that right, Owen?” Theo snapped her fingers and Owen jerked under me, making a sound of pain.
“Yes, mistress,” he said through gritted teeth.
“Theo, don’t do this,” I said, realizing that Owen was fighting the compulsion to go to Theo, away from me. Before I would have refused to ask Theo for anything, but not now; not after I had come so close to death and had been reminded about how much I used to love this man. With a little time, we might’ve found a happy life together.
“I haven’t done anything,” Theo said, snapping her fingers again, making Owen jump. His fingers dug into my thighs as he fought to stay with me. “You’re the one playing this game. You know he belongs to me. Why you insist on breaking your heart over and over again is beyond me.”
“Owen.” I shifted to face him and saw the trickle of blood on his chin from the corner of his mouth. His teeth were grinding together and his fangs had descended so that they pierced the inside of his mouth. The light in his eyes glowed bright yellow, but I could see the strain around his eyes. I couldn’t begin to understand the pain he was suffering.
“Owen,” Theo said, her voice echoing with power so that even I felt it reverberating in my bones. It was enough finally that Owen slid me off of his lap, as gently as he could manage, and he stood to go to his master.
“Mattie, I’m so sorry,” Owen said, his voice strangled and almost unrecognizable.
“Don’t do this,” I said, turning to Theo, holding my hands out to her, begging. “Don’t you care about his happiness?”
Theo spun to face me, her gown floating around her. She was in front of me in the blink of an eye, her face nearly touching mine as she bared her fangs, growling at me. “Of course I do,” she spat. “I care more about his happiness than you ever will. You are mortal, you insignificant little thing. You want to keep him so that he can watch you grow old and die eventually? With me, he will never face such a hard fate. Who then loves him more?”
The power in her eyes snapped and, for one, small moment, I could feel her trying to push me with that power. My voice caught in my throat, my mouth opening, but the words failing me. Witches lived for over a hundred years, but she was right; I would eventually die, unlike her.
“You will leave him alone,” she said, her voice low and dangerous. “He belongs to me.” She spun around and reached for Owen, who was quick to come to her now that she’d regained her control over him. Their fingers intertwined, hers smaller than his, making my fingers twitch. 
“Owen,” my voice broke but I had to try. “Owen, don’t let her do this. You said you loved me.” I saw him flinch as my words reached him but he didn’t fight her compulsion. “Owen, please, fight her. You said you loved me, fight her dammit!” I cried out and Theo watched us both, she didn’t seem to be holding him back, her fingers weren’t tight around his, but still, Owen didn’t come to me. “You can’t even fight her for me.” It was a mean thing to say, but it was true. This was why I had sent him away before and why I should have never let him in my bed again.
I couldn’t look at him, but something inside of me broke, a pain blossoming in my chest as the air shifted again just before their hands faded from my sight and I was left alone in my apartment.
I sank to the floor. Artie jumped from the table, rushing to stand on my lap. He arched his back and pressed his forehead against my face, rubbing his fur against my cheek.
“Mrrrow?” Artemis purred after we were sitting on the floor long enough for the sun to set, casting the apartment in long, dark shadows.
I nodded, running my fingers through his fur. “I think you’re right, Artie. I think it’s time to ward the place against that bitch.”
Theo said I was constantly breaking my heart and maybe she was right. Maybe I needed to really let Owen go this time. He’d been able to break her compulsions before but couldn’t – wouldn’t – do it this time. Why the hell was I breaking my heart for that damn vampire again?
“Mrrrow,” Artie said again, kneading his paws on my chest.
“Oh, don’t worry,” I said, “If I ever see that vampire woman again, I’ll make her sorry. I’ll make her very, very sorry.”


Acknowledgements

Sometimes it feels as though I am repeating myself a lot when it comes to this section, but the fact of the matter is, I’m very lucky to have built a team around myself that helps me produce my books so I tend to thank the same people again and again. But that makes me feel so lucky I can’t properly express it.

To my husband, thank you for being my sounding board. You have no idea how much just talking to you about my stories helps me figure them out. I don’t think I could write as much as I do if it weren’t for our late night conversations in the kitchen.

To my mom, I dedicated this first book in this series to you because you gave me my first Urban Fantasy novel – The Diana Tregarde series by Mercedes Lackey – when I was a teenager. Many books stay with us, but that series burned its way into my mind, it spoke to me like no other, because that was the kind of story I grew up wanting to write. Diana Tregarde is the heroine I wanted to write. Thank you for setting me on this path. I love you.

To my editor, Cassie Cox, who has been with me from my very first book. Thank you for sticking with me and lending me your skills. You are the bestest.

To my beta readers, S.K. Falls, Claudia Lefeve, and Kristin McFarland, thank you for reading the painfully early pages of this book. Your help and enthusiasm was invaluable.

To Drew Buschhorn, thank you for all your help with the Latin stuffs. All mistakes/changes are mine and are not Drew’s fault, he really did try to get me to use the proper forms and words. 

And to you, for reading this and any other book I may write. You’re my favorite.

About the Author

Shauna lives in Southern California with her husband and two dogs and she is still writing, fueled by coffee and plot bunnies. Having already started on the next, magical adventure, Shauna is working furiously on the third book in this series. Watch out for the second book, Samhain, coming in September 2014! You can follow Shauna on her website, shaunagranger.com, for more information on her upcoming projects.

