Xander
Vol.1
Transmutation
Book three of The Athena Universe

Jaz Johnson
Copyright © Jaz Johnson 2014
All rights reserved
Smashwords edition


Acknowledgements



	As always, a big thank you to my family and friends for your support and encouragement. To my fans for your love and motivation. I adore you! I hope I can continue to give you great stories, and that you’ll keep reading.
Enjoy!
































Chapter 1

	In the mists of the elaborate training arena within the Oisian Kingdom’s walls, you could hear the clear sound of weaponry slicing through the air at rapid speeds. Followed by the sound of thudding as the sharp heads of the soaring spears collided with the walls, floor, and other objects. But never their target – Xander.
The prince laughed as he outran and dodged spear after spear. None of them were aimed at vital organs, but they were still missing their marks. He looked back over his shoulder at the man throwing them. 
His friend and trainer, Sven, who was maintaining his focus, despite the mocking expressions coming from Xander. He threw another spear at Xander’s legs, which he leapt over with ease, landing with a roll and returning to his feet in a dash. He smiled back at his good friend, who was grinning back at him with a hint of approval.
“It’s like you’re not even trying!” Xander laughed with a shake of his head.
Sven huffed in response, picking up three more spears as Xander headed towards the far wall of the arena. Seeing that, Xander picked up his pace. The first spear hit just behind his foot, piercing the ground. Xander kept going, pushing his foot into the wall and using his momentum to run up a short length of it, just barely dodging the pierce of the second spear. Pushing just slightly off the wall, he balanced his footing on the spear lodged in the stone wall, ducking low before jumping from the spear and heading straight on the path of the third spear. 
Spinning his body to the left, he reached out and grabbed just below the head of the spear. Continuing the pivot of his body, Xander turned the spear around with some fancy hand work and sent it flying back at Sven before landing on his feet. Sven, seeing the approaching spear, abandoned his remaining ammo and dove from the pillar he was perched upon. 
He landed on his feet only a few yards away from Xander, who was still smiling. They stared each other down momentarily. Xander raised his arms to gesture to the move he had just pulled off. His brows rose, obviously impressed with himself. 
“Eh?” he laughed.
Sven rolled his eyes, crossing his arms as he waited for Xander to finish his gloating.
“Come on, I nearly got you,” Xander insisted. “Did you see that dismount?”
“Big whoop,” Sven huffed.
“Wh –“ Xander nearly choked at the lack of praise. His hands fell to his hips. “Big whoop?” he repeated in disbelief. Sven shrugged, making Xander smirk. “Come on then, old man. Let’s see if you can –“
Xander was interrupted by the sound of approaching growling. Both of their attentions fell to the noise, both of them grinning in response. Sven took a noted step back as Xander allowed his ears to guide him in his opponent’s direction. On his left, approached – on all fours – his guardian. 
The overgrown lioness was making her way over to the area of the arena in a low prowl. Her head low between her shoulder blades. Xander chuckled as she trekked forward, eyes sharp in her desire to spar. He made a gesture with his hands, encouraging her to run at him, which she happily complied. 
Loni’s padded paws came thudding down against the floor of the arena as she charged at Xander, who was gently bouncing from foot to foot in anticipation. When close enough, Loni dove for Xander, who twisted his body to the right, narrowly avoiding her clawed paw. 
He hollered a laugh, smacking her bottom as she landed, and getting a growl in response. Hitting the floor, she was quick to spin around and swing at Xander, who hopped back, curving his body in accordance to the paw. 
“Come on!” Xander shouted, egging the feline on.
Loni huffed as she rushed up to him again and swung her left arm at his legs, aiming to trip him. And as Xander jumped, she morphed into a woman, her sandy blonde hair swaying about her fact as she spun her body on the floor with the support of her hands. As Xander’s feet touched back to the floor, Loni’s now stretched leg was swinging towards them with the same goal, this time succeeding. 
Xander hit the floor with a thud, but before Loni had the chance to climb on top of him, he kicked her away. Not by much, but just enough to give him the time to get to his feet before she got to hers and charged again. Xander jogged backwards as she ran. 
And as she did, she reached to her right and yanked one of the spears that had pierced the ground, broke its head against the tiled floor, and held it firmly in her hands as she closed the distance between them. Xander rushed through an expression of surprise as he turned around and picked up his pace, getting a chuckle from Sven, who was watching from the sidelines. 
Xander rushed to the wall where the second spear had struck with Loni hot on his tail. Reaching the spear, he grabbed it and used his momentum to spin himself upwards, succeeding in a handstand on the spear just as Loni struck the wall with her staff. 
She stared up at him, scowling as he twisted his body, kicking down at the head of the spear and breaking it off, his foot continuing for an aimed kick at Loni’s shoulder. She backed away in time, grinning as she pointed her staff forward, and waiting for Xander to do the same with his. 
Xander snickered as he ran forward, his staff firmly gripped and ready to engage. The wooden staffs collided with a thwack, again and again, each of them taking turns in powering the other into moving back. Their bursts of energy lasted for minutes until they backed away from one another, each panting and trying not to show it.
Xander smirked, wagging his brow teasingly at his guardian. But his smirk faded when Loni smirked in return.
Noticing a bit too late that she had not charged back at him, Xander spun around, ducking as much as he could manage in the short notice, and just narrowly avoiding and strike to the back of the neck from Sven’s staff, that he had fashioned while watching the spar. Xander threw up his staff in order to back flip the rest of the distance away from Sven, catching it on its way back down.
He laughed at the two as they started to close in on him. He spun his staff between his fingers, bringing it around his back before steadying it in front of him. He rolled his shoulders, again, bouncing gently from foot to foot in preparation for the next round.
But then it occurred to him as they came closer, that it was time to change the playing field. He smiled as he threw his staff at Loni who ducked and swung at it, caught off guard. Sven’s attention was drawn to her for just a moment. And in that moment, Xander stomped on the floor, his foot, pointing in Sven’s direction, sending a shockwave along the floor to his body. 
Sven’s staff hit the floor as his body spazzed, absorbing the short-lived shock.
Remnants of the shock wave fluttered about the room, making Loni shriek as they frizzed her otherwise silky hair. She quickly morphed back into a lioness, opting out of the spar as she hurriedly licked her paw, before gliding it along the top of her head, trying to flatten her fur.
Sven scoffed as he gave his body a shake, loosening his joints from the shock they just endured. His bright lime green eyes opened with a hint of mischief as he smiled at his friend of similar abilities. Repeatedly, he balled his hands into fists as he rolled his shoulders, steadying his footing as Xander carefully placed his. Xander returned the smile, beckoning him.
“Come on, old man,” Xander mocked.
Sven laughed as he pulled his hands back, touching them to his clothed chest and summoning a voltage of his own. Not wanting to give him the time to charge, Xander took off in his direction, his hands building a wad of electricity in their palms. 
But just before he could get close enough to touch said palms to Sven’s skin, Sven pushed his charging hands forward with a grunt, sending several strings of electricity flying in Xander’s direction. 
Xander hollered as two of the strands struck him, sending him flying back with flailing limbs until he hit the ground with a thud. Sven didn’t give him the luxury of recovery as he charged for him – literally. His feet picked up increasing amounts of static as he ran, eventually leaving a trail of sparks behind him each time a foot left the floor. 
Seeing him coming, Xander pushed his charged hands at the ground, “whoa”-ing as the charge to the floor sent him soaring into the air in time to avoid a voltage-packed kick from Sven. 
Jerking his head up, Sven smirked as he did the same thing with his feet, launching him into the air with Xander, and making his flail in a pointless attempt to avoid collision. Sven took hold of Xander’s waving ankle with both hands, sending a shock through him before flinging him back into the floor. Xander landed on his back, his armor cracking the tiled floor from the impact. 
He grunted his exhale, his eyes squinting and blinking repeatedly as he groaned. They widened, seeing Sven coming in for his landing, his foot looking like it was ready to stomp down on his midsection. He rolled out of the way in time to avoid the impact, stopping on his hands and knees and looking back in Sven’s direction. Sven stood tall, looking over at his trainee with a smug grin and a cocked brow.
Xander huffed, standing and cracking his neck. He shook his hands, wiggling his fingers and drawing a current between them.
“Okay then,” Xander huffed. 
Loni whined as her fur absorbed the static that was flying around the room once again, making it stand and tickle her skin.  
And on the other end of the arena, with the doors to the place opening gradually, entered Seraphina. She pushed the doors open with the tips of her hands, calling a breeze to do most of the pushing for her with a single flap of her large, strong, white-feathered wings. 
Her pin-straight, nearly-platinum blonde hair swayed back as she stepped into the room, and immediately frizzed around her pale face, making it scrunch up in annoyance. Her hands immediately left the doors to pat down her hair, her wings flapping to shake the static from their feathers. She shrieked a womanly rage, drawing the attention of Sven, Xander, and Loni, who was sharing similar emotions as she worked on her fur.
“Ah! My wings! My hair!” Sera shrieked, shaking her head, her bare toes beating against the floor as she tried to shake herself of the static. “Stop it, stop it!” she demanded. 
Craning his head back to look at the angel, Xander rose his brows, his hands automatically abandoning their charge at the sounds of her shrieking. Sven, on the other hand, got a kick out of Sera’s cries, and actually sent a small zap to her wings, making her cry out again. 
Catching the game, Xander wasted no time in sending a warning flare in Sven’s direction. Sven laughed, but raised his hands in surrender as the angel ventured further in to the arena. 
“Ugh!” Sera groaned. “You brute, Sven.” 
She glared in his direction as she made her way over to Xander, who turned to properly greet the royal advisor. He nodded his head to her, as she gave a subtle bow, before composing her posture and continuing to fix her frizzing hair.
“You’re lucky Lilith isn’t here,” she whined at Sven. 
Sven raised his hands higher, resisting a laugh.
“Oh please, no. Not the angel-smitten demon. Spare me,” Sven jested. 
“Hello, Sera,” Xander greeted. “Sorry about …err, your hair?”
“And wings!” she pressed, having them span out dramatically, showcasing several of the feathers that had been disrupted. 
“And wings,” Xander added apologetically. “Is something wrong?”
Sera sighed, letting her wings fold against her back, and her hands to her sides.
“Your father wants to speak with you. Asked me to come get you.”
Xander raised a brow questioningly. He glanced at Sven, who returned his glance, also curious. 
“After training?” Sven inquired. 
“Now,” Sera cleared. “It’s about Saphora.”
Xander’s other brow shot up.
“Saphora,” he repeated. “What about her? Have they found her dead?”
“Alive,” Sera corrected. “She’s returned.”
“Returned?” both Xander and Sven said in unison. Sera smiled, nodding with obvious joy.
“Yes. Your father wants to speak to you about going to Kiran to see her.”
“When?” Xander followed up.
“That’s what he’s going to talk to you about.”
“Don’t you already know? Or are already able to tell me?”
“That’s not the point,” Sera frowned. “Do not keep the king waiting.”
Xander sighed, looking over at Sven as Loni made her way to his side, now on two legs. They gave each other a knowing grin, as their match was cut short. 
“Ah, well.  I guess it can’t be helped. Next time, old man,” Xander toyed as he turned to walk with Loni out of the arena. 
Sven scoffed, not bothering to answer as he rolled his eyes. Coming back down, they met the still glaring crisp blue ones of Sera. They stared each other down for a moment, before Sven flashed one of his devious smiles. 

Chapter 2

	Pushing open the door to his father’s private armory, he nodded to the guard that had escorted him, signaling to him that he was free to go. The door was pulled shut behind him, and Xander ventured further towards his father, Edmon. The king of the Oisian kingdom. 
He was sitting in one of the few stone windowsills in the room, watching one of his swords shine in the light of the sun as he turned it slowly in his hand. Hearing the door close, he sighed, setting the sword back into its sheath and setting it down on the floor, leaning it against the wall.
“Oh,” Xander called with somewhat of a chuckle. “Don’t stop on my account.” Edmon looked up at his son as he straightened his posture to lean back against the windowsill. “You know you look like a maddened blacksmith when you do that,” Xander warned.
Edmon scoffed a chuckle.
“Perhaps I am,” he countered.
“If you are, I’d be grateful not to know,” Xander sighed, making Edmon laugh. “So what’s this about Saphora? She’s not only alive, but on Athena? Did you summon me to reveal the joke?” Edmon subtly shook his head.
“It is not a joke. She is alive and well. And on Athena.”
“Since when?”
“Since the day before last.”
“Why didn’t we know sooner?”
“Vida didn’t want to overwhelm the girl – and for good reason.”
“Good reason?”
“She’d been on another planet this whole time. A planet called Earth. She lost her memory during the landing, and is still recovering it. She wanted to see how she’d handle simply being home, before bringing in another royal family.”
Xander grimaced at the mention of Saphora not remembering who he was – and quite possibly who she was in its entirety. 
“She doesn’t remember me,” he stated more than asked. 
“I can’t say for certain,” Edmon grumbled. “Nor can I for the rest of us.”
Xander’s head shook slightly at what that meant. He could be made to marry a stranger. Before Saphora’s departure, the kingdoms had agreed on their courtship, thus conjoining the two kingdoms. But hearing that Saphora no longer knew him … it was jarring. He had been wary of their marriage if she were to ever return with her memory. But without? 
“Then …” Xander started. Edmon glanced back at his son, his eyes having wandered. Xander frowned. “Father, you can’t possibly still expect –“
“Oh,” Edmon interrupted. “No. Your mother has already made sure of that. That would surely end in disaster.”
Xander let out a sigh of relief, his shoulders slumping. They almost immediately perked up with his follow up conclusion.
“So, I am once again a bachelor!” he exclaimed. Edmon rolled his eyes. “Or rather, I am now, seeing as though I technically never was.”
“Slightly more accurate. Though I wouldn’t get too attached to the idea,” Edmon advised with a smirk. “Your mother is already making alternative plans. She has been for some time.”
Xander’s shoulders slumped again, his eyes nailing themselves to the ceiling. His father laughed, slapping his hand against his shoulder, grasping it and shaking him.
“She’s arranged for you to meet some of her choices. Should be fun.”
“Don’t mock me, father. And why is it that I cannot choose for myself?” Xander demanded. 
“You are choosing,” Edmon argued. “From her selections,” he laughed. Xander groaned, frowning as he shrugged off his father’s hand from his shoulder. 
“And if I refuse?”
Edmon scoffed, crossing his arms as well as his ankles.
“You’ll have to deal with your mother. And without me.”
Again, Xander groaned, turning away from his father in annoyance. 
“Don’t worry. She’s also told me she would consider women you present to her,” Edmon offered. Xander shifted his body to look back at him skeptically. Edmon grinned. “Though I can almost assure it was said to settle any rage you may have towards her.”
“Wonderful,” Xander sighed, running a tensed hand through his maroon hair, which was clinging in strands from his vigorous training. “How generous of her.”
“You can’t necessarily blame her, you know,” came Edmon.
“Can’t I?”
“With the option of Saphora gone, time has become of the essence.”
“Time?” Xander scoffed. “I’ve just barely become of marrying age. Have you forgotten our lifespan, father? Or rather, has mother?”
Edmon chuckled. 
“It is natural for a mother to wish companionship for her children.”
“I suppose,” mumbled Xander. “But enough of my future. What of Saphora’s?”
“She is still to take the thrown.”
“With no king by her side?” Xander said with brows raised in what almost looked like shock. Edmon gave a subtle shrug of his shoulders.
“I cannot say. Though Vida did not object to breaking the agreement, she did not say anything of her plans for Saphora’s courtship,” Edmon sighed. “Though, given her history, I would think Vida would be inclined to letting Saphora decide for herself.”
“How just of her.”
“Mm, that is not to say that she will approve of whatever choice Saphora makes.”
“And she’d still allow her to make that decision?”
“Do you think the king and queen before her approved of her decision?” Edmon reminded, referring to Dolphus. Xander fell silent in realization, giving only a slight noise of response. “I could only expect her to have some empathy when it comes to something like that.”
Xander gave a slight nod. 
“I suppose,” Xander nodded. “And what of the war? Is she still expected to fight in it?”
“Fight in it,” Edmon scoffed with distaste. “They’re still expecting her to carry it. Though they’d never have the gall to admit it.”
“Carry it?” Xander repeated in disbelief. “You can’t be serious. She’s gone her entire life without training. And they’re expecting her to carry the war?”
“I don’t know,” Edmon groaned, waving his hand dismissively. “They consider her an asset. But I know their citizens are still dependent on her unseen abilities.”
“And their military?” Xander went on.
“If they are, they are foolish.”
“I would think they should know better. Will she receive any training at all? Is there even time?”
“I’m told Vida has already had her begin training.”
“With?”
“Dakota.”
“Hm,” Xander nodded. “She’s in good hands, then.”
“It wouldn’t matter if the Supremes were training her themselves. We’re too close to the brink of war for it to make a difference.”
Xander scoffed, crossing his arms as he looked back at his father.
“When did you become such a pessimist, Father?” he chuckled. Edmon raised a brow at his son, wondering how he himself was not. “So, when are we visiting?”

Chapter 3

	Walking through the elongated hallway to the throne room of the Kiran castle, Xander couldn’t help but let his eyes wander around the walls and décor of the structure. Though he’d been back to the castle sparingly, he hadn’t been to the throne room, or in its hallway since the first outbreak of war. And it was clear that this wing, possibly the entire thing had fallen under attack during the siege. 
The stone was brighter – newer than that in other places, and it seemed to even be reinforced. It was thicker than most, and had far more security. Which, for the most part, was a standard feat for the throne room, of course. But even to Xander, it seemed a bit excessive. 
The guards and sparse citizens bowed their heads respectively to the passing royalty. Aredelle and Edmon, his mother and father walking in front of him. They all gave nods of acknowledgement in return as they were lead to the throne room’s large wooden doors. 
Xander let himself admit to being excited to see his childhood friend. And was even more earnest in knowing that he was almost impatient to hear of her time on Earth, which he found himself more and more obsessed with with each passing moment. It almost pained him to stay at the steady pace set by his parents when Saphora was so close. When Earth’s secrets were just behind those doors.
And just as he thought to himself that he would just run past them to the room himself, they arrived. The large doors swung open with an ancient grace, revealing both Vida and Saphora, who had been talking inside. They both turned to see their entrance, and start the ritual of greetings.
“Almost on cue, Aredelle,” Vida giggled, walking to the doors with her arms open. 
Saphora turned around to see a woman a bit shorter than Vida coming into the room, followed by two men, one of which she somewhat recognized. The one by the name of Aredelle laughed as they embraced.
“Well, you know I have a knack for timing,” Aredelle complied, raising her own arms for their embrace. The intricate and elegant fabrics of their gowns mingled with one another as they wrapped their arms around each other.
“Indeed you do,” Vida laughed with her. “How are you?”
“Well enough with this handful of mine,” Aredelle giggled, gesturing to her son, the shorter of the two men, and the one Saphora had recognized. 
Xander felt himself smiling as he looked at Saphora, taking her all in at once. It was almost in disbelief, seeing her standing just a few feet away from him, and looking so very different than he had remembered. She’d grown taller than he expected, landing just shy of five feet and nine inches. Her hair had gotten longer, and was much more successful at framing her face, which had noticeably become more womanly, as well as her figure. 
Having always been a bit childish himself, seeing her as an all-together woman after being separated from the child he knew, it was almost jarring. But for some reason, he still found himself smiling.
She squinted at him while he stared at her. Finally, he gave a grin as he approached her, his hands in the pockets of his trousers. Saphora adjusted her posture as he approached, preparing to engage. 
He stopped about a foot in front of her, his heels clicking together as he adjusted his head to look down at her, nearly a six inches taller. There was a slight hesitation between them. Though it was more amusement for Xander. 
“Don’t tell me you’ve forgotten me, Saph,” Xander scoffed as he folded his arms. 
Saphora squinted at the nickname, it burning through in the back of her handicapped memory. It was like two magnets clicked together as her eyes widened, and half a smile tugged on her lips. Xander nodded arrogantly, a grin smearing his features.
“That’s right,” he said, stretching his words. “Let it all flow back.”
She looked at him with a new set of eyes. Ones that were warmer and more welcoming. 
“You grew,” Saphora commented, her eyes darting from his feet to his forehead.
He snorted, unfolding one of his hands to press his index finger into her forehead, trying to offset her balance, and almost succeeding.
“So have you, short stuff.”
Saphora stepped back to regain her balance, running her hand against her hairline self-consciously. 
“The plethora of nicknames are coming back to me now.”
Xander chuckled, nodding as he looked around the throne room once more. It seemed smaller than he remembered. But at the same time, held more importance. Coming so close to taking the throne himself, he wasn’t surprised. 
“That was one hell of a vacation you took, Saph,” he sighed jokingly, his eyes coming back to hers, which rolled at the humor.
“My ride home was a little late.”
He smiled, the white of his teeth contrasting with the rich mocha of his skin tone. He gave an amused nod as his arms crossed once again, the chatter of their mothers talking behind him.
“Just a little,” he toyed. “So, how was it? That planet.”
Saphora gave a shrug as her brow arched, then furrowed.
“Why is everyone so interested in Earth?” she asked, having been asked the same question, as well as related ones since she had arrived on Athena. 
On one hand, she couldn’t blame them, as she had many questions about Athena. But at the same time, knowing of Earth, and its far lesser wonders, she couldn’t help but wonder what it was about it that drew everyone’s interest.
“Uh, only because it’s where the long lost princess ended up and thrived,” he scoffed. “How could anyone not be interested in Earth?”
Saphora paused, not having thought of it that way. She laughed at herself, and her obliviousness to her own importance. Nonetheless, she shook her head.
“Very easily if they tried.”
“A bigger question would be why you don’t want to talk about Earth.” 
Saphora grimaced, but then played it off by nudging his folded arm.
“I mean, those weren’t exactly my golden years.”
“You don’t think so? I would give just about anything to explore another world.”
Saphora’s grimace became a little more noticeable upon hearing how easily Xander was willing to cast away his family just to get to a planet he knew nothing about. She scoffed, shaking her head again.
“Be my guest.”
“Saphora,” came the melodic call of Aredelle, Xander’s mother and queen of the Oisian kingdom. 
They both turned in her direction as she came towards her, her husband, Edmon, following closely behind. 
“You’ve gotten so big!” she exclaimed, her arms fanning out as she came closer. 
Xander stepped to the side as her arms came wrapping around Saphora’s back. Saphora returned the gesture of endearment, looking over at Edmon, who gave a small bow of acknowledgement. 
“She’s still a squirt,” Xander mumbled to himself with a bit of a huff.
Aredelle pulled away from the embrace to look Saphora in the eyes, smiling with joy.
“We’re so glad to have you back, darling.”
“Would you like a beverage, Edmon? Aredelle? Xander?” Vida offered, playing the role of the host. 
Edmon shook his head, as did Xander. But Aredelle’s hands left Saphora’s shoulders to turn around and accept.
“That’d be wonderful. A drink while we catch up,” she suggested, walking back towards Vida, who called in someone to fetch their drinks. 
The two queens gathered over by Vida’s private library, shortly calling the king over to leave the heirs to their own catching up. Xander nudged Saphora’s arm to bring her attention back after looking after the royalty.
“So? Are you going to tell me about Earth, or not?” he pressed. She gave an annoyed smile, turning to him.
“What’s there to tell? It’s got its good and bad, just like Athena does.”
“Do they have kingdoms? Kings? Queens?”
“Sort of. They’re called presidents.” 
“Presidents?”
“They rule over a certain amount of land, and their families are pretty much considered royalty.”
“Were you a president?”
Saphora laughed.
“No, they haven’t had any female presidents.”
“What?” Xander scoffed. “How do they expect to gain more?” Xander made a noise of appall. “Don’t tell me the males reproduce.”
Saphora laughed again.
“No. One man is president for four years, sometimes eight. The people of that country vote for a new man each time.”
“A new man? With a new family?” Saphora nodded. “What madness is that? And what happens to them when their term is done?” Saphora paused.
“You know, I’m not entirely sure. They go in the book of presidents, I guess.”
“Madness. There must be chaos everywhere.”
“Pretty much. But it’s an understood chaos.”
Xander scoffed.
“No chaos is understood. I can only imagine what the humans are like.”
“Why don’t you find out for yourself?”
“Right,” Xander scoffed. “Like mother would let me off this planet.”
“No, I meant … I brought two of them back with me. A boy and a girl. You could talk to them.”
“Oh? Are you planning on breeding them?”
Saphora’s mouth fell agape as she grimaced and slapped Xander’s arm.
“No! They’re my friends!”
“Oh … Are they young? Old?”
“The boy, Maverick, he’s around our age. And the girl, Lyla, she’s only nine.”
“Both fairly young, then.”
Saphora nodded. Xander gave an audible sigh as he slapped his hands together, sanding them against one another in excitement.
“Right. Bring them in!” he shouted to one of the guards at the entrance of the throne room. 
Perplexed, the guard looked over, at a loss of the exact direction. Saphora rolled her eyes, unable to help her snickering as she gestured to the guard.
“Maverick. Please?”
His expression changing to that of understanding, the guard nodded, bowing before running off down the hall. Xander looked down at Saphora in slight shock.
“Did you just beg a guard?”
“What?”
“You said please. To that guard.”
“And?”
“And, you’re royalty. You’re to be queen. You do not beg your servants.”
“I wasn’t begging. I just asked him to get Maverick.”
“You never need to ask. What have they done to you on that planet?”
“Given her the manners that you lack,” Aredelle called out with laughter, joined by the king and queen. Xander scoffed.
“The day will never come that I ask anything of my subjects.”
“And that is why you’ve yet to take the throne,” Edmon commented. Xander grumbled, his folded arms tightening.
“Then what’s the point of the throne? If you cannot command?”
Edmon shook his head disappointedly as Aredelle frowned, her goblet rising to her lips. 
“It’s that which you need to understand. Tell him, Vida,” Edmon suggested, gesturing his hand to her. “Tell him how an attitude like that cost Ares the throne.”
Saphora’s eyes widened at the mention of Ares, while Vida’s narrowed. Saphora stepped towards the king and queens, hoping that Vida would comply and tell them just what he meant. Instead, she played it off, raising her own goblet.
“The children don’t need to hear such a story, Edmon.”
“Children?” Xander questioned, feeling his manhood under sudden attack.
“Yes, Vida. They’ve grown quite a bit. Aren’t they old enough to hear?” Aredelle insisted. 
Vida’s eyes lingered on Aredelle’s, their grey orbs giving silent refusal. Aredelle’s face twisted in confusion as to why her friend was ruining their good fun, and then it dawned on her. 
“Vida, don’t tell me,” she began, as if scolding a child. Vida stood before Aredelle could finish, slowly stepping away from the library’s small table. “You haven’t told her?” Vida was silent. “What are you waiting for?”
“It’s not a matter of time, Aredelle, I assure you,” Vida argued as Saphora stepped forward, just as Dakota walked in. 
“Please, Mom?” Saphora pleaded. Vida scowled in disapproval as their eyes met, before bouncing over to Dakota.
“We’ve spoken about this, Saphora. Besides. It’s time for your training. Dakota’s here and waiting for you.”
Both Saphora and Xander’s attention shifted to the awkwardly waiting Dakota, who swallowed nervously. Xander turned back to face Vida, who was slowly making her way back to the small table.
“Now wait a minute,” Xander protested. “We just got here and you’re going to send her off –“ 
Vida spun on her heel, her eyes piercing into Xander’s and cutting him off. She rose a brow.
“What good is the throne if you can’t command?” she repeated. 
Xander held his tongue as his words were thrown back at him. And though he did not agree with how she was handling the situation, he knew better than to speak against a queen, regardless of the relationship between their families. 
“Exhibit your Earthly manners, Saphora. Don’t keep him waiting,” she insisted. 
All were quiet as Saphora looked from Vida to Dakota, who was silently regretting coming to check the status of their outing. And as Saphora struggled with the decision to go or not, the guard returned with Maverick, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. 
Xander watched as Saphora looked towards who he assumed was Maverick, hesitating before walking over to him and having a brief discussion. Before Maverick could even fully respond, Saphora had started rushing off down the hallway, with Dakota hurriedly heading after her. 
He frowned, glancing to Vida with disapproval as she continued sipping from her goblet. Aredelle closed her distance with Vida to proceed in scolding her. Xander made his way over to Maverick, who was still looking down the hall at Saphora until she left his sight. His shoulders slumped, before springing back up when Xander’s hand came clamping down on his shoulder.
Maverick slowly turned, his brown eyes meeting Xander’s purple ones and showing their apparent fear. Xander gave a cheesing smile in return, gently squeezing Maverick’s shoulder.
“Hello, human.”

Chapter 4

	“I never thought I’d see this day,” Sven chuckled to himself as he took a seat beside a wooden table that had been set up in the training arena with refreshments. 
Reaching over the table, he plucked a flower from the bouquet that had been arranged as the center piece. He held it up to his right shoulder, where a hummingbird had perched. His in fact Guardian, Anavae. Seemingly painted with brilliant hues of red, yellow, green, and blue, the humming bird chirped, dipping down into the flower and taking the nectar from within. 
Standing across from him was Seraphina, who had stayed in the arena to speak with Sven about Saphora’s return. They were both interested and surprised at the information, and seeing as though they could not accompany Xander to speak with Edmon, they decided to talk amongst themselves. 
“Saphora returning?”
Sven nodded as he lowered his hand back to his lap. His Guardian squeaked in protest, its wings blurring as it followed the flower and perched on Xander’s index finger. 
“Kiran may not be lost after all.”
“Don’t be foolish,” Sera scoffed. “I highly doubt Ares has enough forces to take down two thriving kingdoms. Or have you forgotten that Oisian will be a part of this war, too?”
“I haven’t forgotten,” Sven insisted. “But I wouldn’t underestimate a daughter of Kiran.”
“Would you sooner underestimate us?”
“I just might.”
“Sven,” Sera scolded in distaste, while Anavae squeaked in agreement with her. 
“I’m just saying,” he chuckled, his hands raising in surrender, or perhaps apology. “She comes from a family that was able to bare an Ekechi. I’m not trying to mess with that.”
“I always knew you were a trader,” came the sharp voice of Ziva, who was walking in through the entrance on the other side of the arena. 
Her hips, covered, just barely by the hugging fabric of her black spandex-like pants, were giving a generous sway, as they always did. Her torso covered by a fashionable, just-functioning corset. Her skin, pale indigo in colour, was bare from her shoulders down, allowing her long, wavy, dark violet hair to contrast against it as it fell. 
Sven allowed his eyes to settle on the curve of her torso a moment too long before coming back up to meet her wicked rust eyes. They narrowed at his greeting. He smiled, his free hand flattening against his chest, late in response to the insult.
“I would never betray you, Ziva.”
“Only your kingdom,” Ziva scoffed, moving away from the arm he tried to loop around her partially exposed waist. 
She moved to stand closer to Sera, who noticeably tensed in response. Sven’s eyes dropped once again as Ziva walked away, before he flinched, being poked by the long beak of his Guardian. Sven shook the hand Anavae was perched on, mildly glaring at her. She flew over towards Sera, the three women now visibly sided against him. He rolled his eyes, raising his hands again in surrender as he explained himself.
“I’m just saying it wouldn’t be easy to defeat her,” he reasoned.
“But she will be defeated,” Ziva argued. “Ruining lives to take what is not yours is not acceptable.”
“It’s not like I’m not rooting for us,” Sven noted. “I’m just wary of what she’s got under her sleeve. And I know I’m not the only one.”
“No, I suppose you’re not,” Sera agreed, her arms crossing. “But you’re right. Kiran’s defenses will be considerably higher now that Saphora is back, regardless of her skill level.”
“Regardless?” Ziva repeated skeptically, sliding her gaze in Sera’s direction. 
“I’ve spoken to Hydra. She’s the one that delivered the message to Oisian. She’s told me some of the things she’s seen of Saphora’s power, as unexperienced as she is.”
“Like what?” came Sven.
“It’s quite interesting really. She told me that during one of their collisions with Tebias that her body defended itself.”
“What do you mean?” Ziva furrowed. 
“She was hiding behind this – one of their land vehicles, trying to protect its driver. And the vehicle exploded. Right there with her beside it.”
“Point-range explosion contact?”
“Yes,” Sera nodded. “Hydra had thought her dead. But when she washed over the area, Saphora had surrounded herself – and the driver, in a force field.”
“And? What’s so great about that? I’ve got a cousin that can do force fields,” Sven shrugged. Ziva was silent in her agreement.
“Because,” Sera pressed. “Saphora looked at it as if she herself was just as surprised to see it. She didn’t know she was doing it. That her body was protecting itself.”
“But bodies don’t do that,” Sven argued.
“Athenian bodies,” Sera pointed out. “We know nothing of an Ekechi body’s capabilities.”
“But I mean … the body needs the mind to function,” Sven went on.
“Haven’t you ever done something without realizing it?” Sera challenged. “Take breathing for instance. You hardly ever notice it’s being done until you call attention to it. What if her body’s self-defense – for her, is as subconscious as breathing?”
“Could such a thing be possible?” Ziva asked in almost obvious amazement. 
“Saphora may have just proven it to be.”
“But if that’s so … Would she not be unstoppable?” Ziva pondered aloud. But Sera shook her head in response.
“I’m sure everything has its limits. Even the Supremes are not immune to death.”
“Still. That’s pretty awesome. I don’t think my cousin can do that,” Sven admitted.
“I don’t think anyone can,” Sera agreed.
“Hm,” Sven mused, his hand finding his chin as he silently shifted subjects. “Now that’s Saphora’s back … Is the marriage still on?”
“Oh, no,” Sera answered immediately. “Aredelle and Vida have already spoken. And it would be immensely inappropriate on all of their parts if they were to continue as planned, considering the circumstances. Surely if the time she’d been away was not so vast, perhaps the arrangement could have been honored. But now?”
“No, I’m glad. I didn’t like the idea of them getting married, anyway,” Sven clarified. 
“Wanted her all for yourself?” Ziva said with narrow, but sarcastic eyes. Sven smiled.
“You’re the only one for me, Ziva,” he assured, placing his hand over his chest sincerely. Ziva rolled her eyes as he sat back up in his chair. “But I don’t think it’s a very good idea to have the only two respectable Athenian kingdoms joining together. What would that mean for the land? Would they attempt to move castles? Or have merely one? One kingdom? Leaving people with no area to choose their whereabouts is dangerous territory.”
“But there are people that are not bound to either Kiran or Oisian. What of them?” Ziva argued.
“I’m not talking about them. Not all citizens of Kiran get along with citizens of Oisian, and vice versa. And forcing them to coexist may do more harm than good. Resulting on a lesser scale of either party deciding to leave the kingdom altogether, or you could end up with kingdom-wide violence.”
“I doubt it would come to such a thing,” Sera scoffed, crossing her arms in skepticism. 
“And what would you call the new kingdom? Kirasian? Please. They’d have to combine kingdoms in order for them to sit side by side on their thrones.” Sven shook his head, waving his hand dismissively. “I just think it would have been a big mess.  And not to mention me not being a fan of the whole arranged courtship thing.”
“Well I guess it’s been avoided then,” Sera huffed. “I wonder how they’ll take the news.”
“I’m sure Xander will be jumping for joy, being a free man,” Sven laughed.
“And Saphora?” came Ziva.
“Meh,” Sven shrugged. “If what happened is still in any effect, I doubt she even remembers being engaged.”
“Xander knew because he was older,” Sera reasoned. “But I don’t think Vida had told Saphora about it before she was sent away. She was barely a child, let alone a young adult.”
“True,” Sven agreed. “She probably doesn’t know.”
“I wonder what Vida will do now,” Sera sighed. “I wonder what Saphora’s future will be like.”
“Welp,” Sven sighed, leaning back in his seat and reaching over the table to grab and vine of grapes. “We’ll see after the war.”

********

	“It’s not really just one person leading,” Maverick explained to Xander. “Even though they’re the present, they can’t make decisions by themselves. Other people have to approve it.”
“What?” Xander scoffed with narrowed eyes. He shook his head, waving his hand in disapproval. “How is it that the man in power must seek the approval of others? Does that not defeat the purpose?”
“Kind of, I guess … Especially since the people who have to approve never agree with each other.”
“With each other? Why does that matter?”
“Well – it’s complicated.”
“That, human, is an understatement.”
Maverick laughed, nodding. 
“I know. I don’t really fully understand it myself, either.”
“Madness,” mumbled Xander.
“I like it here, though,” Maverick admitted. “It seems a lot simpler. And people seem a lot happier.”
“People are happy,” Xander agreed, leaning back on the sofa bench that sat near the throne. Maverick nodded.
“I hope I can stay.”
Xander arched a brow.
“Why wouldn’t you be able to?”
Maverick snuck and glance at Vida, who was still chatting with both Aredelle and Edmon. Maverick’s eyes fell as he shook his head, trying to laugh it off.
“You never know, right?”
“Would you like someone to tell you your future? We have people that can do that, you know,” Xander offered. But Maverick was quick to shake his head no nervously.
“No, no. I’d rather not know.”
“If you insist,” Xander shrugged. “I have the same thinking. I’ve yet to have my future told.”
“Does it frighten you, too?”
“Frighten?” Xander laughed. “Of course not. But if I were to know everything, life would be so boring! Boring or stressful, if I spent the remaining time trying to change it.”
“Hm. There’s a story on Earth about that. Trying to change your fate and doing more harm than good.”
“A story?”
“Oedipus Rex.”
“Ha!  I have an uncle that goes by the first name there.”
“Yeah, well. He had holes in his feet.”
Xander’s eyes widened in sudden disgust, grimacing as he glanced away. Shaking the thought from his mind, he sighed, looking back at Maverick, who was fidgeting with his hands. 
“So, explain this whole president thing to me again,” Xander said to Maverick, who laughed in return. 
Their heads lifted when they heard the pitter patter of feet coming down the hall and the faint sound of yelling in the distance. It wasn’t long before they saw Lyla sprinting into the room, grabbing their attention.
“Lyla?” Maverick questioned. 
Xander peeked over him, leaning to the side to peer around at the little girl.
“Is that the human girl? She looks scared.”
Vida, Aredelle, and Edmon stopped their conversation to see the little girl running into the room, followed by the stumbling in of a confused and hesitant guard, who looked at Vida questionably. Lyla skid to a stop in front of Maverick, panting as she looking around him, her hands reaching out for him cautiously.
“What is it, Lyla?”
“Where’s Saphora? Arol?” she asked frantically.
“Saphora’s training in the forest with Dakota. Arol’s probably on his way to join them,” Xander answered, arching a brow as he looked down at her and her bare feet. “Are you the human girl?”
Ignoring the question, Lyla whined, her grip on Maverick getting tightening as she looked back down the hallway from whence she came.
“Why are you looking for them? What’s wrong?” Maverick asked, his concern obvious.
“Can you bring me there?” Lyla asked. Maverick hesitated, his head moving from side to side.
“I’m not so sure that’s a good idea. I don’t think it’s safe to interrupt their training.”
“Is it normal for you to go around without footwear?” Xander questioned, completely disregarding the apparent urgency of the situation. 
The bridge of Maverick’s nose scrunched up as he turned towards Xander in both annoyance and confusion.
“What?” Maverick asked.
Letting go of Maverick, Lyla spun around just as Dizabethere entered the correct hallway. She took off to the nearest exit, shouting, “Artemis will take me!” Maverick’s attention snapped to the running Lyla as he stood up and took a couple steps after her, his hand extended in her direction.
“Lyla?!”
“Is it a normal thing for humans to run off in the middle of a conversation?” Xander asked, folding his arms as they watched her run off. Maverick kept walking in her direction.
“I should make sure everything’s okay,” he said, more to himself than to Xander. But Xander’s hand came slapping down onto Maverick’s shoulder to assure him. 
“Don’t worry about it. She said Artemis was taking her. She’ll be safe with her.”
Maverick hesitated, considering the fact. He wondered if Xander had known. That Artemis was dead. A ghost protecting a little girl. Could she?
“Now then,” Xander cleared his throat, tugging on Maverick’s shirt. “Presidents.”

Chapter 5

	“Why the hell would you want to go to Earth?” Sven asked with crossed arms, leaning against the trunk of a tree.
Xander climbed a bit higher before finally picking a branch near the resting Loni to sit on. Loni’s tail thwacked in his direction as a mundane greeting as he situated himself.
“Other than the fact that it’s not Athena?”
Sven scoffed. “And they call me the trader. What’s wrong with Athena?”
“Absolutely nothing,” Xander defended.
“Well, now that’s just optimistic. Or blind.”
“Nothing’s wrong with Athena. I just want to explore another world. I want to see their culture.”
“And why are you so interested all of a sudden? What’s got you hooked on the human culture?”
“None other than the humans, of course. I spoke to one of them yesterday. Two, almost. She kind of ignored me, though.”
“Oh, right. The visit. How did that go?”
“Eh.” Xander laid down against the length of the thick branch, looking up at the rest of the tree. “Vida sent Saphora off to train when we started talking about Ares. And Maverick ran after her after there was some crisis with the human girl, who went looking for her. Big mess.”
“And this,” Sven laughed. “Makes you want to learn their culture.”
“It doesn’t make me not want to.” Sven laughed. “Besides. It was relatively important. The forest beside the castle was covered in flames and smoke. Ares’ work, no doubt.”
Sven shook his head, rolling his eyes before looking up at the sky. His eyes quickly zipping to the left to follow the swift movements of his guardian, who was coming to land on his head. Sven smiled, reaching his finger up for her to perch on.
“Good luck getting permission for that voyage.”
Xander sighed a groan, resting the back of his hand on his forehead. 
“I know,” he grumbled. “She’s going to kill me.”
“Better come up with a better reason to go than exploring. Especially with war so close on the horizon.”
Xander paused on the thought, struggling to come up with a reason that would prove to be good enough in his mother’s eyes. He frowned, not coming up with one on the spot. His frown deepening when his thought process was disrupted by the high frequency squeaking of Anavae. Sven raised a brow to his feathered friend, listening to her considerately.
“Hm, good point,” Sven hummed. “Xander, did Hydra bring back Saphora’s escape pod?” Anavae squealed again. “And/or Arol’s?”
“No,” Xander said, matter-of-factly, his frown vanishing. “The human told me that they had left some of Hydra’s things in his living space, too.”
“Well, maybe you can say you’re going to get the stuff. I’d think it would be a good idea to have it back.”
“I doubt she’d care about one or two pods,” Xander scoffed.
“Well, it’s better than saying exploring.”
Xander fell silent in consideration. Mischievous consideration.



	“Hear me out, Mother,” Xander said, stepped up behind Aredelle as she sat before her vanity, brushing her long, muddied pink locks. 
She raised a brow at her son in the reflection of the large, elegant mirror as her brushing slowed to a stop. He had come to her chambers specifically while his father was away so that he would not be lulled into her decision on his request. Aredelle’s full lips tightened into a somewhat hard line as she turned her head in his direction, skepticism written all over her features.
“You sneak in here without so much as a greeting?” Aredelle scolded. “And without your father.” Her chin remaining high as she turned to face the mirror again, her eyes lowering to her lap. “I don’t like it already.”
Xander rushed over to her, wrapping his arms lovingly – strategically around his mother’s shoulders, leaning down and kissing her cheek. She couldn’t help but grin at the affection as he took her brush from her and sat it atop the vanity’s surface. She glanced over at him as he laid another peck along her jaw, making her giggle.
“Enough, Xander,” she laughed, swatting him away. “I’ve just brushed my hair.”
“And you look as ravishing as ever,” Xander complimented. Aredelle laughed, shaking her head as she turned her body completely to face him.
“Calling your mother ravishing,” she scoffed with a giggle. “People will talk, you know.”
“I assure you I’m not here with such intentions,” Xander said with somewhat of a cringe. Aredelle smiled, shaking her head once more, as a mother would to their playing and fumbling child.
“What is it, Xander? It’s late.”
Xander held up his hands in compliance, backing up towards the bench that sat in front of his parents’ bed, plopping down on it when he’d reached it.
“You’ve got to hear me out on this, mother.”
“Don’t make me repeat myself,” she sighed, resting her forearms on her knee, which was propped over her other. Xander nodded, again raising his hands.
“Earth,” he said bluntly, while remaining perfectly still. 
He watched for her reaction before continuing. Aredelle arched and finely trimmed brow, watching her son in question. Her head shook slowly, almost distractedly.
“Earth,” she repeated, as if to ask what about it.
Xander took in a breath, his shoulders dropping as he moved his hands to his knees, his eyes squinting somewhat, almost wincing.
“I want to go there.”
Aredelle’s face dropped as the fog was suddenly whipped from her perception. Her brows immediately furrowed, her lips parting in the beginnings of a long protest.
“Hear me out,” Xander begged, his hands rising once again. 
“Absolutely not,” Aredelle scoffed, turning away from him. Xander stood and walked up behind her again, looking at her from the reflection in the mirror. 
“I wouldn’t be by myself. Loni would be with me, and –“
“You told Loni about this?” Aredelle questioned, her eyes snapping up to his in the mirror. “And she didn’t tell me?”
“Not …” Xander shrugged his shoulders, rocking his head from side to side. “… Exactly.”
“Xander,” Aredelle grumbled.
“Just listen to why I –“
“I know why you want to go to Earth,” Aredelle argued, turning to face him once again, and setting down her brush that she had picked back up. “Have you forgotten who I am? I raised you, Xander.” Aredelle stood up, making Xander take a step back. “You want to go exploring. Adventuring. Conquering, even. I won’t have it.”
“Mother, I –“
“Kiran is in the face of war, and you want to go exploring.” She scoffed, shaking her head in motherly disappointment. “They are our allies, Xander. Our family. We will fight beside them. Whether you are to be married or not.”
“I know that we are fighting with them. I’m not trying to avoid fighting. When the final days of preparation are upon them, we will return.”
“Xander –“
“Just …” he sighed, frowning some before immediately shifting it to an optimistic and honest smile. “During our visit. I spoke to one of the humans. You saw him – Maverick. He said that in the rush to leave Earth, Hydra had left things in his now unattended living area. She left them there – on Earth, Mother.” Aredelle continued to frown, not seeing why that was of any importance. 
“What if they’re found? What about the escape pods Saphora and Arol were sent in? They were not returned. What about Tebias’ weaponry? His ship? Vasuki’s ship. What about Vasuki? With Tebias dead, there’s no way that she would have been able to leave Earth, and I doubt Ares would care enough about her to send for her.”
Still, Aredelle frowned.
“What if the humans find them? Like they found Saphora? What if they were to somehow find Athena?”
Aredelle’s face paled, finally breaking her expression – or rather, enhancing it.
“What if they were to somehow track our planet … our atmosphere by using our technology left behind? Those ships have return coordinates.”
“They aren’t that intelligent,” Aredelle asked, more than commented. 
“They were able to contain Arol for the amount of time that they did. Imagine what they’d do with our technology.” 
“This isn’t a joking matter, Xander,” she warned.
“Would I be bringing it up to you if it were?”
Aredelle turned from him to face the mirror, her hand clutching her necklace’s sapphire stone that rested on her collarbone. Her mind was changing. Xander could see it. In what direction, he wasn’t sure. 
“Where is your father?” she asked him, glancing at the chamber’s doors. 
“What are you going to do?”
“We’ve got to tell Vida,” Aredelle insisted, facing Xander again. “Have Saphora go back.”
“Go back?” Xander scoffed. “You really think Vida is going to let Saphora go back to Earth after only finally getting her back?”
“Hydra, then,” Aredelle countered, the growing panic evident in her voice.
“And then what? How is Hydra going to bring back all of their ships? If she lands on that planet with a ship bigger than our smallest, she’ll raise alarm. And she can only fly one back at a time,” Xander reasoned.
“We’ll send others with her.”
“If you send a fleet, do you not think it will cause the same thing?” Aredelle frowned at the problem that had presented itself. “Let me go. I can hold the ships to ours with my magnetic pull. And if I can’t, I can rip them apart. Store them in the cargo of the ship, and reassemble them upon our return.”
Aredelle grumbled, turning away from him with a shake of her head. Her hands squeezed at her biceps as she crossed her arms. 
“Loni can trace the scent of where they’ve been and find our tech.”
Aredelle’s eyes darted about the room as her mind raced. She stepped to one side, then to another, all the while holding her arms close to her. Xander was patient, letting her brain work out the needed kinks. He watched with a held breath, hoping that his reason proved to be good enough, and that she would allow him to go. Because while his reason was a very valid one – Xander indeed wanted to explore. Finally, Aredelle turned to face him again, her frown even more prominent. 
“Go get your father.”


Chapter 6

	
	“This is where she lived,” Loni groaned with an obvious layer of disgust as she carefully trekked through Fran’s house, closely behind Xander who was exploring without a care in the world. She tiptoed around the wood floor while Xander stepped freely.
Xander chuckled, giving a nod as he looked around the living room of the house, his eyes catching each and every picture and every piece of décor. He was consumed by the indulgence of his curiosity as he ventured future, his excitement getting the best of him. 
He was finally on another planet. He was finally seeing more of the galaxy as his father had told him he would. And even though he was merely in Fran’s living room, it was almost too overwhelming for him to take. He found himself wanting to touch and feel everything. Wanting to go out and explore the area around him. See the humans in their natural habitat. 
“I know. Just look at it,” Xander mused, not bothered by the appearance in the slightest. Loni scoffed.
“To think the princess was living in such a place,” Loni said in disapproval.
Xander gave the room another once over before heading towards the kitchen.
“It’s small,” he agreed. “But I’m almost positive that the woman that raised her was not royalty, Loni.”
“Regardless,” Loni argued. “You couldn’t possibly raise an Athenian, let alone an Ekechi in a home such as this.”
Xander rolled his eyes.
“She wasn’t an Ekechi while she was here. Heck, she wasn’t even an Athenian. She was a human with extraordinary gifts.”
Just then, there was a rattling coming from a corner of the kitchen. Both their heads snapped in its direction. Xander’s brows were raised in wonder, while Loni’s were furrowed in what almost looked like fear.
“What was that?” she asked, scuffling over to huddle against Xander, peaking from behind his arm in the direction that the noise had come from. 
Xander gave a light shrug as he took a step forward. But was stopped from taking another by Loni’s death grip on his shoulder. 
“Don’t,” she insisted, pulling him back by his shoulder and stepping in front of him. She reached into the pouch that was attached to her hip and pulled out a small, but powerful gun. “I’ll go,” she reluctantly offered, not wanting to let her fear and disgust get in the way of her protective nature as a Guardian. Seeing the weapon, Xander hurriedly reached forward and pressed his hand on top of hers, preventing her from firing.
“Loni, wait,” he urged more than ordered, not wanting to destroy the house with less than five minutes of being in it.
As Xander lowered Loni’s gun, a small white cat crept out from the shadows of the kitchen’s corner. With a brown spot in the middle of its forehead, the cat peered up at them with its large blue eyes, its tail slowly flickering about. 
Xander’s body eased its tension, seeing the size of the creature. While Loni’s noticeably grew more wary. Her hand snatched the gun from Xander’s re-aiming at the cat’s head.
“Out of the way,” she hissed, taking a step towards it and making it crouch low defensively. Xander rushed to push down her gun again, frowning at her lack of compassion for the creature.
“Loni,” he asserted. “Honestly. What could it possibly do to hurt you?”
“You don’t know what it’s capable of. What if it’s a Guardian? It could morph in the blink of an eye,” Loni argued. 
“Into what? An infant? Look at its size.”
The cat mewled, its posture beginning to relax as it crept forward towards them. Loni’s eyes widened as she stumbled backwards, abandoning her gun in Xander’s hands and heading back for the living room. Xander rolled his eyes, his hands, one holding the weapon, falling to his waist as he turned to see her flee.
“Loni,” he chuckled. “Powerless planet. Remember?” Xander looked over at the cat that had waltzed over to sniff at his boot. “Look at it,” he insisted, reaching down and scooping up its small body in his large hand and holding it up in front of his chest. “It’s downright adorable.”
Loni watched from what she considered to be a safe distance inside the living room. Her features held a permanent scowl as she glanced over the cat’s features. The cat wriggled in Xander’s grip, its claws latching onto the fabric of his shirt. Loni’s eyes widened as she hesitated to move forward.
“It’s got you,” she warned, glaring at the cat as it mewled.
“Honestly,” Xander sighed, as he titled his head to look into its eyes as it mewled. “I think it kind of looks like you, actually,” he suggested, looking more closely at its feline features. “It may even been a relative of your species.”
“Don’t insult me so blatantly,” Loni disputed. The cat turned to look back at Loni, making her stiffen and take another step back. “Hurry up and dispose of it,” she pressured, waving her hand at it dismissively. 
“What? No way,” Xander protested. “That’d be like killing a tinier you. And I made it clear – or rather, Saphora made it clear that we’re not to harm anyone or anything unless it is of self-defense.”
“How would she know its dead?”
“Are you going to lie to the future queen?” Xander pressed with an arched brow. 
Loni frowned, rolling her eyes and turning away from them both, making her way back towards the front door, which they had carelessly left open.
“I don’t care what you do with it. I’m going to go secure the ship and calculate the locations they’ve been. You’d be wise to start your research as well,” Loni advised, not giving Xander a chance to respond before she left the house, closing the door behind her.
Xander sighed, prying the cat from his shirt and setting it back down on the floor. It mewled again before darting off back towards the shadowed corner of the kitchen. 
“You go on to live another day.”


Xander spent the next several hours searching the house. Not for anything in particular, but instead, exploring. He took his time walking through every room, every hallway, looking at all the décor and furnishings. Most of which were very new to him, while others seemed almost familiar. He took in as much as he could, feeding his curiosity with everything the house had to offer. 
He collected a few pictures that had been framed of Fran and Saphora, thinking that it would be a nice gesture of thanks to bring back something of value to Saphora.
After having explored Saphora’s room, he walked into Fran’s, which was only slightly bigger, but much more formal-feeling. Everything was in its place, unlike Saphora’s room, which had been left in the state following Saphora’s levitation practices.
He stepped up to the wardrobe that was against the right wall of the room. Opening it, he was greeted by the clothing that was inhabited by the average woman, as well as the average man. Fran had kept sparse clothing from her late husband. Most of which were now out of date. 
Xander took out a couple of things that looked as though they would fit him and held them to his chest. He used the full-sized mirror that was attached to the inside of the wardrobe’s left door to view himself. First viewing himself with the clothing, and then without, in his own attire. 
He grumbled at the significant difference. But the thought of being able to go out into the local community to fix the problem excited him. He smiled, setting the clothing back inside the wardrobe, closing the door soon after.
“Time to start my research.”



	Heads turned, photos were taken, and mothers held their children a little closer as Xander roamed the wide, populated hallways of the local mall. Xander’s chin was high, ignoring most of the stares, as his eyes were on other things. 
Everything, to be exact. His eyes passed the people, yes. But they were also on the floors, the high ceilings, the stores – of all types, and the décor. He took in the various scents of food. Spicy, sweet, organic, all fusing together, and yet all distinct. He was watching their fashion, as well. Some things catching his eye almost immediately, while others darn near startled him. 



Chapter 7


	Nora panted, her lungs struggling to catch up with her as she ran through the woods on the outside of Clemming. Constantly, she’d look back behind her, seeing how close Richard had gotten to catching up to her. And to her dismay, she now saw a glimpse of him running behind her, his eyes locked on her swiftly moving figure. 
Nora whimpered as she pushed her body to go faster, fearing capture. She pivoted and looped around the trees she ran past, hoping the dense forest would be enough to slow Richard down, or even discourage him from continuing his pursuit. But to her dismay, Richard was anything but ready to give up. He’d volunteered to go after her himself. And he’d be damned if he was going to give up because of a little nature. 
Nora looked back again in the mists of her running, and when she did, her foot caught beneath an uprooted root, causing her to fall forward into the ground. She landed with a thud and a loud grunt, her hands digging into the ground to try and stop her skidding. 
When she finally did stop, she did everything she could to hurry to her feet and keep moving. But when she looked up to run, her honey eyes met the crisp steel ones of Richard, who was now standing in front of her – a smug grin smearing his features. 
Her body tensed as they stared each other down, each expressing silent words. Of pleading. Of power. Richard’s grin cracked into one of his infamous smiles as he raised his hand slightly, as if to gesture.
“You shouldn’t have left, Nora,” he said condescendingly, with a slow shake of his head. Nora frowned, her eyes darting around him before returning to his cold eyes.
“Richard, please,” she begged. 
“You know I don’t make the rules,” Richard reasoned, crossing his arms. 
“But you don’t have to follow them,” Nora insisted. Richard scoffed.
“And then I’d be in your situation. Which doesn’t look too good, might I add.” Nora grimaced as he took a step forward. “Why don’t you just come back with me? Maybe the doc can arrange a desk job for you. You wouldn’t have to be in the field,” Richard seemingly sincerely offered. But Nora took a step back, making him frown. 
“And watch him make more monsters? Kill more people? I’m not going back, Richard,” Nora protested. Richard’s eyes narrowed as he took two more steps towards Nora. 
“Is that what you think you are? What we are? A monster? Monsters?” Richard scowled, taking another few steps, and making Nora take another wary one backwards. 
Richard shook his head, a grin appearing once again as he raised his arms. And as he did, metal tentacles, along with some wires protruded from his back, swaying and curling like serpents. 
“We are superior. We are the future,” he insisted. 
“A future I no longer want any stake in.”
Richard glowered, stopping his advance towards her. There was a moment of tense silence as they stared one another down, each realizing the other’s decision in their motives. And finally, Richard broke the silence. 
“What a waste. Suit yourself. Allow me to remove you from it,” he cruelly offered. And as he did, two tentacles went whipping towards Nora with the intention to strike. 
Nora swayed and bent to the side, avoiding the first slash of the tentacle, then swayed to the other side, narrowly avoiding the second. She grunted as she bent back, her back arching dramatically as her hands flattened against the forest floor. Her legs flipped back, dodging the grasp of another tentacle as her feet met the ground, allowing her to stand back up. Richard chuckled as she exhaled, her body in a ready stance, preparing for more evasive action. 
“I see you took the training courses seriously,” Richard commented. “I wonder if it was to escape.” Nora secured her footing, her eyes saying that she was prepared to put up a fight. Richard shook his head. “You were never much of a fighter. Last chance.”
“I’m not going back.”
Suddenly, almost cutting her off, two more tentacles came charging at Nora. Reacting two late to physically dodge, she stomped her foot into the ground, summoning a wall of compact dirt to spring up, colliding with the metal and stopping them from reaching their target. 
Nora grit her teeth as she gave a rough push against the dirt wall, charging it at Richard while summoning another compact wall behind him. Richard glared between the walls, his tentacles shooting out in both directions to keep them from crushing him while Nora made a run for it. 
The town was in her sights now, and she had a spark of hope that she might actually succeed in reaching the people. The police. But that hope shattered, almost audibly when she heard her dirt walls crumble, followed by the enraged groan of Richard, who was now racing to catch up with her. 
She decided not to look back at him, seeing how that ended up before. Instead, she poured her energy into running faster. Concentrating as best she could, she lifted roots from the trees behind her, hoping that one might succeed in tripping, or at the very least, delaying Richard. 	
 But he was ruthless. He was using his tentacles to latch onto the trees and catapult himself forward, closing the distance between then quicker than Nora would have liked. And before she could use the same technique to speed her escape, she felt the crisp, cold, hard metal of Richard’s tentacle come clasping around her midsection. 
She felt the air be knocked from her as her momentum was suddenly cut short. Her body curled around the tentacle at the abrupt stop, her chestnut hair swaying forward to frame her face. Her lips parted in a breathless exhale of shock as she was dragged back towards her captor. 
Her hands clawed at the cold metal that was continuously squeezing her midsection. Her feet desperately tried to reach the ground and provide some sort of anchor against Richard’s force, but she was only brought higher as she was turned around to face him.
“Richard,” she wheezed, her face scrunching in pain as the metal coiled tighter. 
“You cannot stop the future, Nora,” Richard cooed.
“Look at what he’s doing, Richard!” Nora pleaded. “What you’re doing. What you’re becoming … Richard please, we can’t let him do this,” she wheezed. 
“It is the future.”
“It’s human extinction!”
“It’s human evolution!” Richard corrected in a bellow. Nora let out a breathy sob.
“Evolution,” she wheezed. “And Sarah? Was death her evolution? Have you forgotten your own sister?” Nora shouted at him. Richard’s lips fell into a hard line at the mention. He was silent for a moment too long before saying,
“I’m a strong believer in Darwinism.” Nora’s eyes widened at the statement, her shock slowly morphing into fear and disgust. “I’m offering you your life because you were friends. Come back with me, Nora,” Richard offered once again.
Richard felt the wet slap of saliva on his cheek. 
“You really are a monster,” Nora spat.
His closed eyes slowly opened to see Nora’s defiant face, almost immediately shifting into that of pain as the metal arm squeezed harshly. She cried out as she felt the strain on both her bones and organs. Her breathing became short as she desperately clawed at the metal. Her eyes watered at the intensifying pain as it became increasingly harder to breathe. Their eyes met, and she knew that she had been given her last offer.
Her eyes darted about, her brain racing to find a way out with what oxygen it had left. She focused on the ground below them, wincing as the tentacle harshened its grip. 
“Don’t make me do this,” she coughed. 
But he didn’t grant her a response. His gaze remained cold as he waited for Nora’s final breath. Seeing that she had no choice, Nora said a silent goodbye to Richard as she called forth a summoning. Within the instant, two halves of a hollow sphere shaped themselves from the ground and came to hover on either side of Richard. He looked around skeptically, but before he had a proper chance to react, Nora slapped the two halves together around him, crushing the tentacle that held Nora and allowing her to fall to the ground.
She sent vines to wrap around the sphere as she sealed it, before slapping her hands against the ground and launching the sphere into the earth. When the dirt and dust had settled, the sphere was beneath the now smooth surface, trapping Richard within it. 
Nora panted as she laid on the ground, the sting from Richard’s relentless squeezing still very much present. Overwhelmed, she exhaled several sobs as she stared guiltily at the ground and whom now lay beneath it. 
That is, before it shook.
Nora’s body flinched as she felt the tremor below her. She rushed to her knees as her hands felt around on the rugged surface of the forest floor. A crack ripped through the space between her hands, making her gasp and scramble to her feet. She swore under her breath, making a b-line for the town.

********

	“Has he gotten anything yet?” the clothing store manager asked optimistically. 
But his employee shook her head no. Her arms crossed, and her expression, as she watched Xander, turned more and more into that of resentment. The manager had been on her case for the past day, making sure that she was the epitome of sale associates. 
“No,” she grumbled with a sigh, her fingers drumming on her arm.
“What happened yesterday?” he asked, watching as Xander picked up and put down different shirts. 
“I don’t know. He got some call from some women and booked it.”
The manager gave a nod of understanding, glancing at his wedding ring. 
“I know how that is. Well, get over there and see if he needs help. He looks like a fish out of water,” he urged, nudging her forward. 
She sighed, reluctantly making her way over. Xander was holding up a navy collared shirt to his chest, and looking down at it considerably, as he had done to many others before setting them back down.
“Finding everything okay, sir?” she asked with trying politeness. 
He spun around to see her, the shirt still being held up to his chest. He straightened his posture a bit and nodded.
“Ah, human, there you are. What do you say to this?” he asked her, flattening out the shirt against him.
“Nani,” she corrected with just a hint of annoyance. 
“Nani?” Xander asked with some confusion. “What is that?”
“My name.”
“Oh. I don’t think that answers my question.”
Nani’s regrettable slew of insults were interrupted just in time by the collective screaming of several people outside the store. Both Xander and Nani, as well as everyone else inside the store, turned towards the glass walls of the store’s entrance to see the slowly forming crowds of people running to the right. The small crowds soon became swarms, causing the floor to tremble and the people inside to panic. 
“What’s going on?” Nani breathed, taking a few steps away from the front of the store, while a few people rushed to join the crowd. 
The lighting in the store flickered, as did the lighting in the rest of the mall, which drew Xander’s attention – as well as his curiosity. The people continued in large numbers for several minutes before finally they began to trickle down into a small mob. Xander placed the shirt he had been holding in Nani’s hands as he walked towards the open doors of the store, which some people were still running out of. 
He looked in the direction the people had been running from, listening intently for anything out of the ordinary. And when he heard a thud, his eyes sparked with curiosity, encouraging his body to move towards the area of panic. Nani looked on in disbelief, taking an instinctive step forward out of shock.
“H-Hey!” Nani called out to him as he walked in the opposite direction and reasoning. “Hey!” she shouted again when he fell out of view.

	Walking towards the area of panic, the structure of the mall seemed to get worse and worse, like a bad horror movie. The lighting had gotten dim, there were wires hanging from lighting fixtures, and there were what looked like pieces of the stone walls, as well as glass, scattered about the floor. Xander’s eyes couldn’t look around fast enough there were so many disturbances to analyze. 
But his thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a woman screaming. He lazily looked in her direction, waiting for what he thought to be another citizen come running in the opposite direction. But instead, he heard the cutting of air – of something being passed through it. With furrowed brows, he looked up towards the scream, and was shocked to see a body being thrown his way. 
Immediately he ran back, arms open in preparation to catch her. Which he did, just barely, as she fell towards the floor. He grunted as they made contact, his feet skidding against the floor to a stop. He bent over her, his strained eyes looked down at her scuffed and bruised body. Or what he could see, anyway, from between her green t-shirt and sage brown pants.
Slowly, her eyes fluttered, before popping wide open, looking up a Xander in shock, mostly from the fact that she was not unconscious on the floor. Her hand rushed up to grip at Xander’s clothing, as if to be sure that he was real.
“You … caught me?” she asked, stunned. 
“Are you alright?” asked Xander as he nodded to her question. 
He set her down, making sure that she could stand alone before letting go of her completely. Nora stared at him for a moment longer, almost in a daze before vigorously shaking her head in realization. Her hand gripped at his clothing again, this time trying to push him away.
“You have to get out of here,” she urged. 
Xander frowned as he swatted her hand away. But before he could question her behavior, or why she had been tossed through the air, the answer presented himself. Richard sighed as he stepped on what was left of one of the halved statues that decorated the fountain in the middle of the mall, whose water was slowly flooding the floor from the now cracked and damaged rim. 
“You shouldn’t have come to town, Nora,” Richard sighed as he hopped down into the now shallow water of the fountain.
Xander squinted at the man in silver, before his eyes glanced to the now cowering woman, who was taking small, but noticeable steps behind him. Two and two clicked, and Xander frowned. 
“Are you the one who threw this woman?” Xander asked bluntly. Richard raised a brow in amusement.
“That’s right, Romeo,” Richard answered honestly. “And I plan on doing a lot more. So I’d hightail it, if I were you.”
“I was going to say the same to you,” Xander countered, getting a scoff of laughter from Richard. 
Nora pulled on Xander’s clothing in disbelief as he took a step towards Richard.
“No!” she yelled in a whisper. Xander looked back at her with a slight frown. “He’ll kill you,” she warned. Xander gave a reassuring smile, but to her, it seemed as if he’d gone mad, seeing him so calm.
“A human cannot kill me,” Xander assured. But Nora shook her head frantically.
“You don’t understand,” she started.
“I’d listen to her if I were you,” Richard advised, hopping down from the fountain’s bowl with a splat. “Cause I ain’t no human. Not anymore,” he said with a smile as his metal tentacles started sprouting from his back. 
Xander looked on in admitted shock, his brows arching as he watched. Nora pulled on his sleeve again, again gaining his attention momentarily.
“Please,” she pleaded. “Please, you have to run and get help!” 
Xander tugged his arm away from her, turning around again and stepping towards Richard with a gaze of defiance.
“I am help,” he indicated. 
Nora looked on with her mouth agape as Richard laughed, taking a step forward to accept the challenge. 
“Richard, don’t,” she begged.
“Can it,” he scowled. “He walked into this and decided to stay. Let the man fight. His blood will be on his own hands.”
And in that moment, two metal tentacles sprang from Richard’s back, shooting towards Xander with the intent to kill, while another snaked towards Nora. Seeing them all, Xander reached back and hurriedly took Nora into his arms, making her scream as he tossed her up into the air. 
While Richard’s attention drifted momentarily to Nora’s body, Xander hopped up on the first tentacle as it dug into the ground. Then the second, and finally the third, grabbing Nora as she fell and landing a ways away from the tentacles, placing the shaken Nora back on the floor. 
Xander’s violet eyes were still locked on Richard’s steel ones as they crinkled above a smile. Slowly, he turned to face the two. Nora was now gazing up at Xander in amazement, though her fear for his life was still prominent. 
“Alright, Hercules. Not bad,” Richard chuckled, giving his kudos. 
“Leave while you can,” Xander warned, getting another laugh from Richard.
“You’ve got some balls. What do you think this is? Comic Con? This ain’t some reenactment, buddy,” Richard toyed.
“And I’m not your buddy,” Xander responded. Richard sighed, rolled his eyes. At least he could say he tried.
“Whatever,” he mumbled as he sent another wave of tentacles streaming their way. 
Xander readied himself, ready to take another stance, when a compact wall of dirt and concrete came shoving up through the floor in front of them, blocking the attack. Xander took a step back, startled as he heard a growl of anger come from Richard.
“Stay out of this, Nora!” he bellowed from the other side. 
Xander blinked repeatedly as he looked back at Nora, whose hands were slightly raised, and covered in small vines. He stared at her in awe as she pleaded.
“Please,” she whispered. “You have to get – ah!” she cried as a tentacle wrapped around her waist. 
Xander reached out to grab her, his eyes widening before she was forcibly flung out from behind the wall and into one of the cement pillars of the mall. 
Her body fell limp to the floor as another tentacle crashed through the compact wall, ripping it apart. Xander quickly ducked out of the way of the tentacle, jogging a few paces towards Nora’s body before he was stopped by another. Xander frowned as he turned to face Richard, who held a smug grin across his face.
“She never listens,” Richard sighed.
“That’s enough,” Xander said firmly, stepping towards Richard again. “Leave her alone.”
“Can’t do that, lover boy. But you can join Juliet in death, if you’d like,” Richard taunted as he readied his assets. 
At once, two metal arms came charging at Xander. Holding his stance, he latched his hands onto them, letting them coil tightly around his arms with a grunt. Richard laughed.
“Got you now,” he breathed.
But it was Xander who had Richard. He glared, his violent eyes narrowing as a spark was seen within them. A spark that traveled through his body and into his hands. Richard’s expression wavered just slightly as he noticed the spark, and then dramatically as he felt it. 
All at once he felt the high voltage Xander shot through his from his own tentacles, the water beneath them acting as a magnifier for its power. Richard’s body spazzed for a few moments before falling limp with a splat onto the damp floor. His tentacles slumped from their vice-like grip and joined him on the floor beside Xander.
Xander let his arms fall to his side as he watched Richard’s still body, waiting for any movement or signs of striking back. When he found none, he turned back to Nora, who still laid motionless on the floor behind him where the water had yet to reach. He made his way to her, kneeling down to scoop her up into his arms.



Chapter 8

	At the old abandoned house, Loni was beginning her job of analyzing each and every place that Saphora, Hydra, or Arol had spent any significant amount of time in. And with the house being the point of impact for Saphora, it was no surprise that it was on the top of her list. 
Most of the house had been covered in yellow police tape. Not wanting to brush up against anything, Loni had done most of her snooping as a lioness, providing her with a much higher level of agile movement.
Reaching the kitchen of the house, she ducked under a couple of haphazardly placed lines of tape before leaping up onto the dusty marble countertop. She sniffed about its surface, her nostrils flaring periodically as she exhaled. 
She craned her neck up towards the hole that ripped through the kitchen ceiling and through the deteriorating roof. Again, she sniffed, but again she did not catch the scent that she was hoping for. 
At this point, she had searched the entire area, along with its surrounding area, and there was still no sign of the escape pod that Saphora had been riding in. There was the possibility of course that they had landed in separate areas. But Loni was skeptical, even though Saphora was an Ekechi, that she would have survived such a fall from such a distance if the escape pod was not nearby. Which left the other option.
That it was taken.
Her thoughts were interrupted by the ringing of her communicator in the pouch she had left by the front door. Or doorway, rather. The door had long been kicked in. Loni leapt down from the countertop and stealthily made her way over to the pouch before morphing, reaching in, and answering.
“Loni,” she answered officially.
“Loni,” Xander repeated, always being one to call out the name he wished to speak to. Loni’s head nodded exaggeratingly slowly, never understanding why he had to repeat her name when she had just said it, in addition to the fact that they could see one another.
“Yes, Xander,” she somewhat sighed in mild annoyance. “What is it? I’m busy.”
“We may have a problem,” he started, dragging out his words. Loni pinched her brows together with a slight groan. She’d left him alone for under 48 hours, and already there was a problem.
“What kind of problem?”
“I think I may have found something.”
“Something like what?”
“Well … Someone. Two of them, actually. But where they’re two, I’m sure there are more.”
“What are you talking about?”
Xander hesitated before moving the communicator to the side, capturing the view of Nora, who laid unconsciously on one of the sofas in Fran’s house. Loni’s eyes squinted as she leaned forward, trying to get a better look of the woman unknown to her.
“Who is that?” asked Loni.
“I rescued her. I don’t know who she is.”
“Rescued her from what?”
“Who,” Xander corrected, adjusting the communicator to face him. “He wasn’t human, and neither is she. It looked like he was trying to kill her. I don’t know why.”
“Where was this?”
Xander hesitated, not wanting to give away where he had been visiting for the past two days.
“At … one of the human’s local communing buildings.”
“What were you doing there?” Loni scolded. “We’re supposed to be –“
“Don’t worry about why I was there. Worry about what I found, and what’s laying on – urgh!” Xander grunted as a thick vine suddenly latched around his neck. 
He dropped the communicator and immediately reached his hands up to tug at the thick plant. Loni’s eyes widened as she suddenly viewed Xander from beneath him, where the communicator had fallen.
“Xander?” Loni screamed, waiting for him to break free from the ambush. “Xander!” she screamed again when she was not answered.
Stuffing the communicator back into the pouch, she zipped it back up before morphing, taking the small bag into her mouth and taking off, using her exceptional speed to hightail it to the house.


	At said house, Xander had been turned around to face the now awake, alert and disarrayed Nora. She had her honey eyes locked on Xander, her body curled up at the far end of the sofa in what almost looked like paranoia. The vine that was wrapped around Xander’s neck was coming from her wrist, as he could now see. He patted it, almost lovingly as he coughed.
“It’s okay. You’re okay,” he wheezed. “It’s me – the one that came to help you.”
It took a few seconds for his words to sink through the jumbled mess that was Nora’s mind. But once they did, her eyes widened, and the vine retreated, letting Xander fall to the floor. Nora rushed off the sofa to his side as he rubbed his red neck with his hand. Her hands hovered apologetically over his body.
“I – I’m so sorry,” she whimpered. “Are you okay?”
“Move,” Xander coughed in response. Nora’s brows furrowed in confusion as he moved onto his knees.
“What?”
“Move!”  he shouted as he pushed her back onto the carpeted floor.
She looked up at him in disbelief as he hurriedly got to his feet and spun around. Almost on cue, his body collided with the overgrown lioness that came charging into the room. Loni snarled as she attempted to claw around Xander’s body at Nora, who squealed and promptly crawled back. Xander’s heels dug into the floor as he was pushed back from Loni’s force. His arms tightened around her torso as he fought against it.
“Loni, stop!” Xander ordered. “She didn’t mean it!” Loni roared again as she tried to move Xander out of the way. But Xander was persistent. “Loni!” Xander bellowed.
Loni morphed, swooping down to take her gun from her pouch and aim it at Nora, who was cowering against the far wall of the living room.
“What are you?” Loni demanded.
Xander still stood partially between them, though didn’t stop her, for he was curious of the answer as well. Nora, eyes wide, almost scoffed at the question as she looked over the woman’s body which had just moments ago been the body of a lioness. 
“What are you?” Nora countered.
Loni hesitated against the comeback as the grip on her weapon tightened. Xander placed his hand on the gun, eyeing Loni warningly.
“Ladies …” he started, glancing between the two fair-haired women. Mother help me, he thought to himself. “We all have some explaining to do, okay? Why don’t we just … put the gun down? Loni? And introduce ourselves,” Xander suggested as he successfully lowered his guardian’s hand, taking the gun from her.
Loni and Nora stared each other down as Xander slowly placed the weapon back in the pouch that sat on the floor. He carefully placed himself between them, keeping more of an eye on Loni than Nora.
“Right then … I’m Xander. And this …” he gestured to Loni with one hand. “… is my guardian, Loni. She can get a little protective when she sees someone trying to kill me. So excuse her hospitality, or lack thereof.” There was a short moment of silence before Xander continued, this time gesturing his hand to Nora. “And you are?”
“Nora,” she answered flatly, her eyes still glued on Loni’s tense body. 
Xander nodded, giving an encouraging smile as he sighed. 
“Okay. See? That wasn’t –“
“What are you?” Loni asked again, cutting Xander off. “You aren’t human,” Loni pointed out, having heard it from Xander.
This time, Nora hesitated, anything but trusting of Loni. She glanced at Xander, seeing his expression of admitted curiosity. Her lips fell into a hard line as she averted her eyes. This wasn’t how she imagined exposing herself and the operation that the doctor was running. But at this point, she was in need of any help that she could get. And if Xander had helped her once, maybe he as willing to do it again.
“He calls us Chimera.”
“Chimera?” Loni repeated.
“He?” Xander asked, more interested in the man behind the curtain. 
Nora gave a hesitant nod as she adjusted her back against the wall she sat against. Xander’s eyes instinctively roamed her body, driven by curiosity. He wondered how a mutation could be so subtle. He’d seen the humans – plenty of them. And Nora, she didn’t look anything out of the ordinary when he compared their appearances in his head. His eyes narrowed as he analyzed again. She looked just like any other human. Heck, she could pass as an Athenian whether or not she kept her vines to herself. 
“Chimera or not,” Loni glowered, pushing Xander’s hovering arm away from her as she bent down to pick up her pouch. 
They both watched her carefully as she turned around and began stepping towards the front door that had been carelessly left open.
“I want it out of here.”
“Hey,” Nora complained in response to being called out of her name. Loni spun on her heel to pierce her eyes once again.
“It won’t be so easy to stop me next time.”
“Loni –“ Xander pressed.
“We don’t have time for this, Xander,” Loni scolded. “You know this. Bring her back to wherever you got her from, and get your work done. We didn’t come here for this.”
Xander kept quiet during the foreseen scolding. He expected as much from Loni in regards to anything other than research he mentioned. And admittedly, Nora was a big anything.
“And keep this door closed!” Loni shouted before slamming the door behind her. Nora flinched at the abrupt volume, her brows furrowing as her eyes rose to Xander’s face.

Back at Clemming’s City Mall, there were officers crawling all over the area of the broken fountain, tagging and bagging anything they thought they’d need. There was yellow tape all over what was left of the fountain, which was crackled and crushed against its raised edges. 
The rubble was scattered about the scratched and dusty floor. There were little triangular tags around various pieces of rubble, as well the wall that Nora had put up, for Richard to tear down. The mall had been closed since the incident a couple of days ago. 
With a heavy sigh, Agent Elba crossed his arms, his feet spread a fair distance as he gave the area a once over. A grimace took over his features as his thoughts caught up with him. He’d gone nearly a month with no leads, no answers, and no convictions since Saphora. 
Both Fran and Maverick had disappeared without a trace, but he had believed that wherever they were, they were with Saphora. Whom they also could not find. The agency was getting tired of having no answers. 
In the time they had to rethink and analyze what happened with Saphora, they realized that how they handled the situation was not best. But there were still questions that needed to be answered. Reasons that needed to be given. And without Saphora, they had no chance of getting them. Or so they thought.
Walking up to him, with a clipboard and pen in her hands, was his partner, Agent Whitestone.


	“So, you know her? Like, know her?” Nora asked, leaning forward on the sofa. 
Her eyes and body language were clearly showing off her interest in the current subject matter. After things had calmed down after Loni’s departure, Nora finally felt up to speaking, having gotten understandably skeptical of her company. She and Xander had spent the last few hours talking about themselves, and sharing various information about where they lived. 
Xander had gotten some information out of Nora about Earth, but the conversation always seemed to curve back into Athena and its inhabitants. Which Xander had no particular problem with. Only he was eager to learn more about Nora and the Chimera that she had mentioned, which they still had not gotten to in full detail. 
Every time they had, Nora had found a way to relate it back to Athena, or to change the subject to Xander and his people. Eventually they had fallen on the topic of Saphora, and her connection with Earth, having lived there for such a large portion of her life. This triggered more interest in Nora, having seen Saphora several times on the news when she was still Earth-bound. 
Xander smirked, nodded in response to her question. He was to wed her, but he didn’t think it was necessary for her to know such details. 
“I do,” he simply put. “Our families are very close.”
“But then … why was she here? And why was she killing people? And talking to dragons?”
Xander grimaced at the accusation. Saphora had mentioned the human’s refusal to believe what had happened with the man, Gary Jones, while she was there. Until it was too late.
“She did not kill him,” Xander corrected. “Tebias did.”
“Who’s Tebias?” Nora asked with scrunched brows, never having heard the name in reference to Saphora before. “Another Athenian?” she guessed. 
“Yes. He was sent here after Saphora to kill her.”
Nora’s eyes went wide at the blunt and unexpected answer.
“What? Why? Because she was on Earth?” 
“Yes,” Xander paused. “But not in that context. She wasn’t an outlaw, mind you. She is a very powerful asset to the Kiran kingdom in an approaching war. Tebias was sent to kill her while she was young and vulnerable. But she acquired memory loss, and her power signal was low enough to avoid him for some time, giving her the time she needed to survive and return.”
“There’s a war going on?” Xander nodded. “Then why are you here? Aren’t you allies?”
“The war hasn’t actually started,” Xander clarified. “And when it does, I will be called back to Athena to fight.”
Nora fell silent at the sudden realization that Xander would not be staying to help her. She held back the urge to frown. She had been foolish in thinking that one act of kindness would continue throughout her entire mission. Her eyes lowered, which was noticed by Xander. He chuckled, misinterpreting, and said,
“Don’t worry. I do not see death in my future. I am fairly capable,” he gushed proudly. Nora gave half a smile.
“I hope so. I’ve never been in a war, but I’ve learned about them.”
“Oh? Have there been wars here as well?” Xander asked curiously. Nora scoffed, nodding. 
“Plenty. Even now, this very minute,” she said solemnly. She thought of the wars going on in her own mind, which would soon enough manifest themselves in the world. Xander’s brows rose in shock, hearing of ongoing wars so casually. 
“And we sit here idly? Why do you not fight if you know of them?” he asked, obviously perplexed.
“There are militaries – soldiers that go out to fight. While we stay here, awaiting the outcome.” 
“Waiting – That’s ridiculous. Everyone fights on Athena. At least in our kingdoms. Most everyone is trained in some level of combat.”
“Really?”
Xander nodded.
“And how can you just sit when you know that there is war around the corner?”
“No,” Nora corrected. “They’re not actually here. Our troops go to other countries. Other nations and fight. We haven’t had a foreign war on our soil in some time.”
“Hm,” Xander thought aloud, considering the tactic. “I see.” he said, rubbing his chin with the palm of his hand. 
He was juggling a handful of questions, from which he was trying to choose. But Nora beat him to it.
“So Saphora is going to fight, too?”
“Of course,” he answered. “She is their secret weapon.”
“What do you mean?”
“Her power, once fully tapped, will be unmatched by any living Athenian. And quite possibly Guardian.”
“Why? Why is she so powerful?”
“She is an Ekechi,” he pointed out, his index finger raised theatrically. “A cross between an Athenian and a Guardian. The first of her kind, and quite possibly the only.”
“A cross between …” Nora trailed off, thinking of Loni. 
The lioness. Her brain struggled to process the explanation, before the fitting term of bestiality struck her. Her face scrunched in disgust and she instinctively leaned back, physically rejecting the conversation. 
“Ew!” she exclaimed. 
Xander’s brows rose in wonder, before furrowing at the exclamation. His head shook just slightly, his expression demanding an explanation.
“You people mate with animals?!” she squawked. “And reproduce!”
Xander stared blankly at her, his mind registering the comment as idiotic. Of course they didn’t. That wasn’t how it worked. And then he realized, possibly for the first time, that looking in on the outside that they in fact did. His hands shot up, eager to explain the misunderstanding. 
“No, no,” he rushed. “Not in their born form! As Guardians – when they can change their physical anatomy to match ours.”
“But you –“
“It’s not a common practice, mind you. In fact, it’s forbidden,” Xander made note. “All before Saphora’s mother have died either during pregnancy or childbirth. And the offspring have never survived before Saphora. She is the only exception.” Nora’s face was still a mess of twists and frowns. “And they’re not just animals, as you’ve clearly seen. They are people. They are Guardians. With emotions and compassions and thoughts of their own. Capable of providing and receiving love. Just as you and I.”
“But they’re still –“
“It is forbidden for that reason,” Xander noted, more to himself than to her. “Saphora is the only exception. We do not know why her, or Vida survived.
Nora fell silent, her opinion of the subject a little less clear as she took his explanation into consideration. If she had not seen Loni as a lion before she came barging into the house, she would have never known. She would have thought she was a person. Part of her still did.
And thinking about it, until she saw her as a lion again, she would most likely continue thinking of her as a person. She could only imagine that it was at least similar on Athena, to those who have been living with them for so many generations. Her expression fell somewhat in the beginnings of understanding. 
“I guess …” she trailed off, “So, wait. That dragon that was at the zoo that everyone thought Saphora was trying to talk to. Was she actually talking to it? Was it like … Like Loni?”
“A Guardian,” Xander nodded. “His name is Arol, and he is her guardian. Perhaps one of the strongest our kingdoms have seen thus far, and he is also fairly young. They are quite the duo.”
“Are they … a couple?” Nora asked timidly, trying to grasp at strings of comprehension. Xander’s brows furrowed in confusion of the term. Nora averted her eyes, feeling her cheeks grow hot as she struggled to explain. “You know …” she said, gesturing her hands together. Clicking, Xander’s eyes shot open as he understood. He burst into a fit of laughter, shaking his head. 
“No, no,” he urged. “Goodness, no.”
“Oh …” Nora fizzled, embarrassed. “Wait so then, why was he at the zoo?”
“I can’t say,” Xander frowned, the laughter ceasing. “Your people attempted to imprison him. Him,” he scoffed. “A dragon. Your people are foolish.”
“So … That giant thing could turn into some guy?”
“Yes. And I’d say he still has some growing to do.”
“All that,” Nora repeated, somewhat in denial. “Into one person.” Xander raised a brow, repeating his answer in silence. “How is that even possible? How do they do that in the first place? And why would they chose to look like that?” she whined, finding herself overwhelmed once again with the anatomy of the Guardians and their lack of consistency.
“No,” Xander offered. “Taking our form is not their immediate decision. It is because they choose us as companions, that they take our form,” he explained.
“So …” Nora began. “If like, Loni’s companion was a tree?”
Xander laughed but nodded.
“Then her form of choice would be a tree, though not very practical.”
“So if I were to go to Athena could I get a Guardian?” she asked, her eyes brightening at the thought of the possibility. Xander chuckled, seeing her profound wonder.
“It is possible, yes. Though it takes years to be able to create a bond strong enough to have the link made between us. Athenians go large portions of their life without so much as beginning. Some, anyway,” Xander explained. “Most are able to find a connection, on average, by their eighteenth year.”
“Why? Is it like a rite of passage, thing?”
“No,” Xander shook his head. “It just happens to be that most Athenians have mastered some level of their power at that age.”
“How old were you?” 
“Sixteen,” he gushed, obviously proud of his somewhat early blooming.
“How old was Saphora?”
“Six,” he grumbled. He waved off the fact nonchalantly, trying to move on. “But she had an unfair advantage,” he said waving his hand around. “Being an Ekechi and all.”
“So then … What do they do before they get a companion?”
“Hm,” Xander pondered. “I suppose nothing. I’m not heavily involved in their field of study. I’m not sure if they roam as they are, waiting for their companions, or if they are able to morph at will. I’ll have to ask my father.”
“And what if their companion dies?”
Xander frowned, his hand lowered from his chin.
“They lose the ability to morph to that form. The link between their anatomies is broken. The brainwaves necessary no longer exist.”
“And what about for the Athenians? Does anything bad happen to them if their Guardian dies?”
“We become significantly weaker. And vice versa. The bond between us makes us stronger. The closer we are to one another, physically, mentally, and spiritually, the stronger we both become. When one link is broken, we steadily grow weaker.”
“Can you get new ones? Like, new Guardians or companions?”
“It’s very rare for Athenians to bond with another Guardian. And even more so for Guardians to find another companion,” Xander explained. “In fact, it’s yet to be recorded – Guardians taking on another companion. Though when speaking to those that have lost them, they say it is based on a sense of loyalty and grief, rather than an incapability. So the answer remains unclear.”
Nora nodded slowly, taking in the information. She couldn’t help but be continuously overwhelmed, as well as curious. At first, she had tried to reason with herself and convince herself that what she saw with Loni was an extensive magic trick, and that Xander had been lying about being an alien. 
But hearing more and more of his culture, there were entirely too many facts to keep track of for the lie to be so complex. And then there was of course, Loni, who, while she was learning more and more about her species, seemed more and more real. 
And now Nora was stuck with the unbelievable fact that the man sitting next to her was a full-fledged alien. And that he wasn’t at all trying to abduct her, or conduct tests on her, or do anything of the things Hollywood had suggested. He was just a guy, studying the planet, and possibly helping her save it.
“At any rate,” Xander exhaled, readjusting himself in the sofa cushion. “We’ve gotten off subject again.” He raised a brow, catching Nora’s sudden tension in her body language. “Chimera.” Xander demanded. Nora frowned, averting her eyes. “I suggest that if you wish to continue having my protection, that you enlighten me on just what I’m getting myself into.”
Nora sighed, but knew he was right. It was only fair to give him a fair warning of what was about to go on, and what she was planning on doing. She wouldn’t assume that he would go as far as to tag along on her mission. But as far as protecting until said mission took off, he was right in wanting to know just what he would be up against if the time should arise.
“You said ‘he’ called you Chimera. Who is ‘he’, exactly?” Xander asked, starting the first of many questions. 
Nora hesitated, grimacing. She knew that she was about to give away information she had sworn not to. And she knew that giving the information would make her more of a target than she already was. And while she was fearful of her life, she no longer cared for the oath she took. 
That was before the change. That was before the manipulation and the lies. That was before she found out what the doctor’s true intentions were. That was before the danger for the future. And most importantly – it was before Sarah. She took a deep breath, taking her first plunge. 
There would be no turning back.
“He was our therapist. His name is James Lupin.”






Chapter 9

 “How did he do it?” Xander asked.
“He told us it was a new breakthrough in therapy,” she scoffed. “A new drug designed to cure you personally. And we believed him.”
“Was it a malfunction?”
“No. He knew it would mutate us. I don’t think he knew how, though. He was after a uniform mutation, wanting the same results every time. But that’s not what he got. He was after an ideal. But ended up with us.”
“What do you mean?”
“He told us it would cure whatever disorder or problem we were seeing him for. But instead, the mutation manifested them, and we became their embodiment.”
“What was yours?” Xander asked after some hesitation. “Why were you seeing him?”
“They called me a hippie. A tree hugger,” she scoffed, laughing harshly. “I felt a connection with nature that people called unnatural.” She turned her hand over, looking down at its palm as she allowed the beginnings of thin vines to merge from her wrist and crawl up into the palm of her hand. Her eyes were solemn, even as she handled the wines with care.
“Now the connection is more than emotional.”
Xander watched her movements, unable to help but feel for her. He easily got a sense of the hope she had for the treatment, in hopes that maybe she would be more accepted by her peers, only to find herself moving further and further away. 
And now, being as she was, he could feel her sense of hopelessness, while at the same time, the determination to do something about it. 
“Why did you leave?” Xander asked.
“Because I can’t let him keep doing this to people. Lying to them, and then making them pledge their loyalty – their lives to him. And for what? These … powers? That bring nothing but chaos –“
“Would it be so bad? If you could just break their alliance to him, perhaps. But Athena gets along perfectly well with a fairly large spectrum of power. Would it be so different here?”
“No,” Nora sighed. “This planet – humans aren’t ready for such a change. There are wars and death for such trivial things now. And far lesser forms of power. I fear to imagine an Earth of only this. And what’s more, the death that would follow when attempting.”
“Death?” Xander repeated. Nora had yet to mention Sarah, and the realization made her sulk. 
“The treatment – serum. It’s not stable. Not everyone’s body can accept it. And if it doesn’t …” she trailed off, her eyes lowering.
“I’m sorry,” Xander spoke up. Their eyes met in the moment of mourning. He frowned. “You’ve lost someone to this.” Nora looked away again, though grateful for the compassion.
“She was seeing Lupin for anxiety, among other things.” Nora gave a soft laugh at her recollection. “We met in the lobby of his office.” She felt her eyes water and sting at the guilt and rage that welled up within her. “She was his sister. Richard’s. And he didn’t even bat an eye,” Nora said, her vocal cords straining. “He said he believed in Darwinism,” she spat, her eyes glaring at her balled fists, one reaching up to wipe her eye before the tears could spill over. Before Xander had a chance to comfort her, she continued with renewed animation. 
“That’s why I’m going to stop this. I’m not going to let more people be victims just because he wants to continue this experiment. He wants to infect the globe,” she said with disgust, looking back up at Xander. 
She could see his expression of discomfort and worry, and she sighed, forcing what she thought was a smile to stop the expression of disappointment from claiming her features. 
He looked as though he regret saving her, hearing exactly what he was to expect from the other side. And Nora expected as much. Even she thought she was mad for even trying to escape the base. 
“Well,” he sighed. Nora lowered her eyes, her hands tightening in their fists. She awaited the demand for her to leave, and to take her cloud of death with her. “As far as help goes, I think you’ve found the best you could possibly get,” he chuckled. 
Nora stared at her paling knuckles, her brain struggling to accept the commentary. But when her brain finally pushed through the lag of denial, her head snapped up, and her eyes went wide. And then immediately after, narrowed. 
She paced her thoughts. She hadn’t dared to assume that Xander would help her on her crazed mission to save the world. She felt her heart thud against her chest with hope, despite her better judgment and caution. 
“What?” she asked before swallowing, her throat suddenly dry.  
“My help,” Xander repeated. “As far as help goes, I think I can do a hell of a lot,” he bragged with a nod, almost optimistically.
“Helping …” Nora trailed off, with a slight shake of her head. “Me?”
“I’m certainly not talking about helping that man,” Xander scoffed. And despite Nora’s increasingly growing joy, she furrowed her brows, unable to help being skeptical as well.
“Why?”
“Why?” Now it was Xander whose eyes squinted in wonder. “Why do you question benefits to you? Because I do not dislike you. And it is not in my nature to turn away from someone in dire need. You are risking your life for the greater good of your home – you’re people. And being a prince, I am bound by the same morality. So,” Xander huffed. “I will help you, Nora of Earth. To avenge your friend, and save your planet.”
Nora stared with lazy eyes and disbelief. Her bottom lip quivered as her heart thudded against her chest. Almost immediately, she felt the sting of her eyes watering, and the beginnings of her chest heaving. 
She’d been so hopeless. She’d thought that with the first mentioning of her crisis, that she’d be cast away. That no one would believe her. Or worse, that they would, and would refuse to help her instead. That they would capture her and drag her away. Experiment on her, and selfishly use her for science instead of heeding her words of the grim future. 
But instead, in the first run at an explanation, she’d not only found help. But the help of another power-wielding being, accompanied by another. It was like God had personally heard her prayers and hopes, and sent Xander in the form of an answer.
Seeing Xander’s sudden stiffness in body language, Nora realized that the tears that had threatened to spill over had actually done so, and were now dripping down her face and into her hands. Hands that rose to wipe her eyes apologetically.
“Sorry,” she wept, leaning over her lap as she pointlessly wiped away tears that kept falling. 
Xander’s jaw tightened as he was suddenly faced with a crying woman. He shook his head, not understanding the sudden overflow of emotion – especially not that of an apology. 
“Why are you –“
“Thank you,” she sobbed, cutting his nervous questioning off. “Thank you,” she repeated, gripping onto his hands that were slowly reaching towards her in awkward hesitation. Xander flinched upon the contact, the corners of his mouth falling downwards as their eyes met. 
“There’s hope,” she exhaled, letting go of one of his hands in order to wipe her eyes again. “There’s hope now.”




	“I can’t believe Maverick just quit like that,” came the annoyed pitch of Liz, who was standing behind the checkout counter of the café with her arms crossed. 
Jared was wiping down said counter, sighing when she mentioned the disappearance of his good friend – or so he thought. He’d been thinking the same thing for the past few weeks. There was no phone call, no passing of messages to the manager. Maverick had just up and vanished. Quitting without so much as a goodbye or a two-week notice. 
He’d become increasingly more impatient to hear something from Maverick. A call, a text. Hell, he’s settle for an email if it explained what had been going on. Ever since he had started hanging out with Saphora, he’d been seeing less and less of him. Until finally, they arrived at the basis of Liz’s conversation of the afternoon.
“Yeah,” Jared said nonchalantly. 
Or trying to sound as much, anyway. But Liz wasn’t about to drop the topic any time soon. She wanted answers, and she was convinced that Jared had them. She popped her gum, obviously not satisfied with his response. 
“What happened to him?” She demanded, more than asked.
“How should I know?” Jared grumbled, whipping his rag from the now shining counter and stuffing it back into his uniform apron, sporting a steaming cup of what could have been tea or coffee in the center of it. Liz scoffed.
“Aren’t you guys friends?”
“And?”
“And you should know why he quit,” she reasoned.
“Well, I don’t. Okay? I don’t have any idea why he quit – or where he is,” Jared admitted, taking the rag back from his apron and slapping it into the sink behind the counter against the wall. 
Liz popped her gum again, studying Jared’s body language as he leaned up against the edge of the sink and crossed his arms. Her brows rose, seeing his apparent frustration. And her tone quickly went from that of annoyance to gossip.
“You mean you really don’t know where he is?”
“I haven’t talked to him in weeks. He won’t answer my calls, or anything,” Jared confessed.
“Oh my god …” Liz breathed, her hand raising to her chest. Jared scoffed, looking over her dramatized posture. 
“Oh, don’t act like you actually give a shit,” he jeered.
“But Jared,” Liz said, her voice dropping considerably. “What if something happened to him?”
Jared’s mocking expression fell through to shocked realization within the instant. He stared blankly at Liz for a moment too long, before his brows furrowed.
“What?” he scowled.
He’d spent so much time angry with Maverick for not returning his calls of texts that he hadn’t stopped to think that maybe he was in some kind of trouble. That maybe something had happened to physically stop him from getting back to him. A wave of guilt washed over him, only to be made worse by Liz and her compassionless curiosity.
“What if he’s dead?” she went on.
Jared’s face paled at the possibility.
“What if that weird girl took him away and murdered him or something? You saw her on the news, right? Whatever the heck she was doing to that dragon thing. What if she –“
“Shut up, Liz,” Jared groaned.
“But what if she did?” Liz urged, leaning closer to Jared, whose conscious was now eating away at him. “Neither of them have been here since that dragon thing happened. And it escaped!” she shouted in a whisper. “What if she like summoned it, and she fed Maverick to it?”
Jared turned away from her, not wanting to listen to anymore of the absurd, but jarring possibilities. Liz pulled on the edge of his apron, egging him on.
“What if there are pieces of his body out in the woods somewhere and they just haven’t found him yet?”
Jared groaned in annoyance, swatting her hand away, almost in desperation.
“Will you shut up?” he nearly shouted. And to his surprise, she fell silent. 
He closed his eyes, hoping for the silence to last. And when it did, he sighed with relief, slowly opening his eyes again. He stared up at the ceiling, as if to look through it to a God above, sending his silent prayers of denial. His shoulders slumped as he slowly turned back around to thank Liz, who was now staring ahead into the shop with somewhat wide eyes and parted lips. 
Jared’s brows furrowed as he studied her expression, his words trailing off as he suddenly noticed the deathly silent atmosphere of the café. His head whipped around to look in the same direction with sudden paranoia, and his breath caught in his chest upon what he saw. 
Waltzing into the store, on all fours, was Loni. The people of the silence-stricken café remained deathly still as the lioness made her way inside. She was quiet, her head lowered close to the ground and her nostrils flaring out. She was searching. But to the people of the café, she was hunting. 
When Loni had gone a decent distance past the people towards the front of the store, they jumped from their seats and ran out of the cafe, hurrying as fast as they could to get as far away as they could.
Loni paid them no mind as she continued to roam around the café, more and more people scurrying from the building as she continued. In contrast, there were also people gathered around the entrance and front windows of the café with their phones and other devices out, recording the whole thing. And then of course, some had the sense to call the police and animal control.
Reaching for Liz’s arm with as little movement as the action would allow, he glanced down at her and her petrified posture.
“Panic … Panic button,” he urged, nudging her wrist. 
Liz’s eyes snapped from the intimidating figure of the lioness, over to the counter in which she stood in front of. Her hand leapt for the underside of the counter, her fingers desperately feeling around for the shape of the little red button.

Chapter 10


	“I don’t know how he did it, but I swear. I had him, and then out of nowhere, I feel this voltage surging through me. And then the next thing I know, I’m waking up in the mall and they’re gone,” Richard explained, hoping that by some miracle he would be believed. 
He stood in front of a large oak desk, which acted as separation between him and the doctor, who was facing away from him. He was sitting in a leather swivel chair, which was large enough to accommodate the most intimidating mafia lord. 
One could argue that it was done on purpose, to make him seem more intimidating than he really was. And for whatever reason, it was working. Big bad Richard was standing a safe distance away from the desk, silent after having spilled his information on why Nora was able to get away.
“Electrocuted, you say,” came the grave voice of Dr. Lupin. 
He refused to face him, as he was trying to keep his composure. This was the first of his Chimera that chose to rebel that was able to escape and make it into town. And that fact was seeping under his skin – fast. 
He didn’t exactly know how to handle the situation, seeing as though it had never been a problem, and that he had never prepared for it. He didn’t think he’d have so much of a problem with rebellion with his subjects. 
His project hadn’t fully come to its full potential yet, and having things constantly going south was slowly getting to him. But that didn’t mean he was anywhere near throwing in the theatrical towel. Every experiment had its back lashes, and his was no different.
“I swear,” Richard nodded.
“With what?”
“I –“ Richard huffed, reaching his hand back to scratch the back of his head nervously. “I don’t know. It’s like it came from his body. And I know how full of shit that sounds, but –“
“His body …” Lupin murmured to himself, before succumbing to one of the many memories of Saphora. 
Particularly the day they had all ventured up to the woods to view the fallen tree. He remembered that wave of energy that came off of Saphora’s body when he reached out to her. Could there be another? If there was, it was imperative he knew for his research.
“Did another Chimera escape? Maybe it’s one of the rebels trying to help her,” Richard wondered aloud.
That’s when Lupin turned around. With an expression just shy of livid. It was one thing to have Nora run off. But Lupin knew the reason behind it – the running off, anyway. Sarah. The loss had become personal. But would that be enough to drive Nora to try freeing the others? Launch a full-fledged rebellion? And with that man helping her …
“Pull the humans from the sites. I want trained Chimera taking their place,” Lupin ordered.
“The sites? You think that guy is going to show up at the sites?”
“Not by himself,” Lupin grunted as he stood from his chair and turned to look out one of the wall-scaled windows. 
“With Nora? Wait – So is he a Chimera? Cause if he is, I think we’ve got the right to –“
“He’s not a Chimera,” Lupin asserted. “I want those Chimera switched in immediately,” he continued, staying on subject. “Halyn and the twins. I want them posted within the hour,” he ordered.

********

	“And for the record,” Xander spoke up. “I don’t see anything wrong with having a respect for nature.”
Nora, having been toying with her vines, her facial expression shifting from disappointment, to disgust, to shame, and all over again, looked up at Xander, who had just taken his seat on the sofa behind her. Not quite following, Nora’s brows furrowed as her neck craned. 
“What?” she finally uttered after some moments of confused silence. 
Xander gestured towards her vines, which had slowly began retreating back into the underside of her wrist. 
“Your mutation,” he explained. “I don’t see anything wrong with it. In fact, I think you’re very lucky to have such a connection with such an important part of every world.” Xander nodded with a bit of a chuckle. “You and Avani would make great friends.”
“Avani?” Nora’s head tilted to the side.
“Hm,” Xander hummed with a nod. “Mistress of Earth, daughter of Mother Nature.”
“Daughter?” Nora scoffed softly. “Of Mother Nature.”
“Yes … Why do you laugh?”
“Well … Because she isn’t a person. She’s a phrase. It’s a phrase. Mother Nature.”
“Maybe here – to you,” Xander argued. “But on Athena, she is very much real. She is one of the three supreme beings.”
“Supreme being?” Nora questioned.
Xander paused, trying to recall his human terminology.
“What’s the term …” he though aloud. Nora pondered as well, her curiosity having been drawn in.
“Gods?” she guessed.
“Yes!” he exclaimed, his finger shooting forward. “She is what you would call a God, yes. Or rather, Goddess.”
Nora’s face flattened somewhat as she searched his eyes for the joke that she felt was obviously being played.
“A God,” she repeated skeptically. This time is was Xander’s face that flattened.
“Why do you keep repeating me like that? You think I’m lying to you? What reason would I have to lie?”
“Because … You have a God? Gods? That like … walk and talk?”
“We call them supreme beings,” Xander corrected. 
“But like – they’re living,” Nora reiterated. Again, Xander nodded, slowly this time, sending Nora further into the deep end. “And you – like, what, pray to them?”
“What? They do not grant wishes. We are not fairy tales.”
“I mean like, worship them,” Nora rephrased.
“No,” Xander scoffed. “We acknowledge them for their greatness. Their power and existence. But they are not beings that require our worship.”
“So, what do they – what are the other two?”
“Who,” Xander corrected. “They are Mother Nature, Father Time, and Necrovidere.”
“What do they do?”
Xander chuckled, amused with the simple, yet vast questions.
“Their jobs cannot be so simply defined, Nora.”
“But like, Mother Nature … She’s like, in charge of nature isn’t she? The trees, the animals …” 
“Mm,” Xander nodded, rocking his head gently from side to side. “Something along those lines.”
“And Father Time? Isn’t that like … The Sand Man?”
Xander shuddered at the mention of, what was on Athena, a horrid species.
“Be grateful he is not here to hear you speak so poorly of him. Sandmen are awful beings. And Father Time is not among them.”
“So then what –“
“Nora,” Xander interjected, raising his hand to stop her, and resisting the urge to laugh at her profound interest. He wondered if this was how he sounded to his mother and father in his youth. “Even Father Time himself could not determine the amount of time it would take to thoroughly explain each being and their existence.”
Nora’s shoulders slumped at the, however subtle, rejection of information. She sighed, her bottom lip beginning to curl in what would have been a pout.
“But … Do you talk to them? Can you like –“
Xander laughed outright, unable to help himself.
“One does not simply talk to a supreme being when one wishes. You cannot just call them over for dinner. Don’t be absurd.”
“But … Have you ever spoken to one?”
“I can’t say that I have.”
“Well do you know where they are?”
“I do not.”
Nora scoffed, throwing her hands up and letting them fall back into her lap.
“Then how do you know they’re real?”
“Because I have met their sons and daughters,” Xander supported. “And I will,” he pressed. “Learn their whereabouts, as have my parents, when I am king.”
“So … no one else knows?”
“They know of them. But their locations are limited knowledge. Only to be passed between royalties.”
“Why?”
“It is for the supremes’ protection. If their whereabouts were to be discovered by the wrong people, they could become endangered.” Before Nora had the chance to call out a possible contradiction, Xander raised his index finger. “They are immortal, not indestructible.”
“So why does royalty get to know?”
“So that we may call on them in a time of crisis. And only of crisis. They are never to be summoned otherwise.”
Nora nodded, staring in awe at the crash course of the beings. Her shoulders slumped again, for another reason entirely.
“Cool …” she exhaled.
Xander chuckled, nodding.
“Yeah, I suppose it is.”
Nora looked down at the palms of her hands, slowly twisting them as she stared at them, and the vines within them with new appreciation.
“Avani,” she mumbled to herself, coming back to the comforting thought that there were others out there like her. And that one of them was in fact God-like. She looked up from her hands to meet the patient eyes of Xander, smiling as she took his silence to mean that she was allowed to continue her prying.
“What are the other children?” she asked. Xander raised a silent brow at the question. “Of Mother Nature,” she added.
“Oh, well there’s Avani. Then there’s Ardea, the Mistress of Fire. There’s Mizuko, the Master of Water. Then there’s Zephyr, the Master of Wind.”
“Do they have Guardians too?”
“They do,” Xander nodded. “In fact … It was Hydra, the guardian of Mizuko that came to bring Saphora back to Athena.”
“Wow … What’s Hydra?”
“A water drakon.”
“What about the others?”
“Avani’s is a giant tortoise. Ardea’s is a tiger. And Zephyr’s is a hawk.”
“Wow … Are all animals on your planet Guardians?”
“No,” Xander chuckled. “They are their own species, though related to others.”
“Oh … Wait,” Nora said, shaking her head as a thought occurred to her. Xander tilted his head, calmly waiting for the calamity of thoughts. “Avani’s the Mistress of Earth?” she asked. Xander nodded. “So then … Isn’t that like having two Mother Natures?”
Xander smiled, surprised to have her catch such a detail. 
“In theory, but Avani does not possess all the elements, as Mother does.”
“Then how is it in theory?”
“If anything were to happen to Mother, Avani would take her place.”
“But isn’t she immortal?”
“But not indestructible,” Xander reminded.
“So … What if something happens to Avani?”
“Mother will call forth a new Mistress. In essence, she will have another child.”
“What if something happened to them both?”
Xander frowned.
“Then Athena might just need a “God”.” 
Nora fell silent at the sudden grief Xander expressed. Her expression fell as they made eye contact. Noticing, Xander covered with a grin, gesturing with his hands.
“Another reason their whereabouts are unknown to the masses.”
“I guess it is a good reason,” Nora nodded. “Have they ever been attacked before?”
“No,” Xander answered gratefully. “And we intend on keeping it that way.” 
He scratched the back of his head before stretching his arms across the back of the sofa. He looked out through one of the windows in the living room. He caught himself yawning at the sight of the sun setting over the houses on the street. But Nora was still raring to go.
“Can I meet her?” she asked. Xander sighed.
“Who?” he asked, thinking that it was Mother Nature she was speaking of. But her answer surprised him, though not by much.
“Avani.”
“Avani? Why Avani and not Mother Nature?”
“She’s like me,” she answered bluntly. “Just earth,” she added.
There was a slight pause in their conversation, before Xander melted down into a smile as he nodded. “I will arrange for you two to meet one day.” Xander stretched again, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “Now, I don’t know about your species, but mine requires sleep when the sun goes down,” Xander teased.
“What?” Nora said, her eyes widening some, taking the joke a little too seriously after the brief discussion of anomalies. “You’re not like, going to shut down, are you?”
Xander scoffed, glancing up at the clock that hung over a wall shelf, which held various framed photographs of Fran and Saphora.
“In about 38 seconds.”
“What?!” she squawked, scrambling to her knees and reaching for Xander. 
Xander laughed outright, playfully swatting her hands away and standing up to showcase his heath. Nora watched him with anxious eyes, worry and fear written clear across her gullible features. He rolled his shoulders and stepped away from the sofa, stretching his arms backwards as he looked up the staircase.
“You,” he said, glancing at her with a pointed index finger. “Are fooled entirely too easily.” He pointed back up towards the stairs, making a gesture with his head. “You can sleep in Saphora’s room. I’ll take the woman’s.”
Nora frowned. Not because she had been tricked, but because he had said that they would be sleeping in separate rooms. They had spent nearly every minute together since Xander had saved her from the clutches of Richard’s wrath – Xander keeping an appreciated watchful eye, even though they had not left the comfort of the house.
And during that time, Nora had felt safe – secure. Even in the presence of the enraged and temperamental Loni. She hadn’t realized just how safe she felt until the abrupt mention of separation. Her body language and facial expression changed almost immediately, a chill running through her. She made a quick glance towards the front door, before returning to Xander’s calm violet eyes. 
“But …” she whined.
Xander’s brows rose, in what was quite obviously amusement. 
“What? Did you want to lay together after such a short time?” Xander chuckled, turning fully to face her again as he leaned his arm against the railing of the staircase. “I wasn’t aware that your species –“ 
Xander was cut off by the sudden collision of Nora’s shoe with his face. Xander flinched, throwing his arm up a moment too late, and seemingly cowering behind it as he looked at Nora with alarm, the amusement gone from his features from the sudden assault. Nora’s face, on the other hand, was burning in colour from the embarrassment of the assumption. 
“I wasn’t going to say that, you pervert!” she screeched.
 Xander’s arms inched down, leveling with his shoulders, his eyes still holding a certain level of uncertainty. Nora hesitated a bit, now embarrassed by her sudden fear of being left alone. Xander sighed, thinking that she wanted to keep talking about Athena, his arms dropping to his side.
“Look,” he sighed “We can keep talking tomorrow. Right now –“
“No, it’s not that, either …” Nora mumbled. Xander’s brows furrowed, looking over her body momentarily.
“What is it, then? Are you hurt? In pain?”
“What if Richard finds this house?” she finally asked after another moment of hesitant silence. 
She averted her eyes to the door, almost ashamed of her paranoia. Xander paused, looking at her blatant fear, and sighed. One hand found his hip as the other raked briskly through his hair.
“You’re afraid,” he somewhat laughed. Nora frowned, her eyes snapping back to his and threatening to water from the mockery.
“It’s not funny. If he finds me, he’ll –“
“Have to go through me,” Xander finished, crossing his arms. “No one’s going to get you. And if it makes you feel any better, I’ll stay down here, and keep an eye on the door. If he does manage to break in, I’ll be here waiting.”
Nora gnawed at the inside of her lower lip at the offer. While it was true she was scared, she didn’t want to endanger Xander’s life just so that she could feel at ease. That would be doing the opposite, if anything.
“Hey,” Xander called, seeing the look of hesitation and the beginnings of guilt on her face. “I beat him before, hardly even trying. I’ll be fine.” Xander walked over to the seemingly paralyzed Nora and pushed at her back, guiding her to the staircase. “Now come on. We go to your authorities tomorrow. You need to sleep.”



Chapter 11

	“Why is she still here?” Loni asked, coming into the living room of the house with a half-eaten powdered pastry in her hand. 
Xander was sitting in the middle of the sofa. Nora was to his right, staring up at her with an expression that was half distaste, and the other half shock. Xander had his elbows perched on his knees, hands folded, with his chin resting on their intersection. He stared ahead at the television that Nora had shown him how to use. 
Gradually, Xander turned to look at Loni. Loni looked back and forth between them, her pastry stopping inches away from her mouth before lowering. She frowned.
“What?”
Xander gestured to the television, which was broadcasting the latest in breaking news.
“The special must have been catnip yesterday at local Clemming café as an overgrown lioness decided to stop in for a treat,” one male reporter said to the camera man.
The footage then showed a shaky recording from someone’s phone of Loni entering the café, followed by the immediate departure of several customers inside. The footage then panned back to the reporter, who was standing in front of the now famous café.
“Many customers fled the scene, fearing for their lives, while others stayed to record, take pictures, and call animal control.”
The footage then switched to another shaky recording of Loni inside the café, sniffing and slowly walking about. Stopping after what seemed to be a few minutes, after she had searched the entire building, Loni came up to stand in front of the counter, where Liz and Jared stood petrified in their uniform aprons. Loni sniffed at the glass on the side of the counter, protecting the pastry treats inside.
She gently pawed at the glass, before smacking it and roaring up at the two employees. They both flinched, shuffling some before Jared hurriedly knelt down, took out a small cake from the glass and placed it on the counter. Loni stood on her hind legs, her front paws resting on either side of the counter. She sniffed at the delicacy before biting into it, picking it up, and heading towards the entrance of the café. 
The footage then shook as the crowded people hurriedly tied to get out of the way. The camera then moved back to the reporter.
“Clemming zoo was contacted about the loose lioness shortly after the sighting. The owner had this to say.”
The footage then switched over to the owner of the Clemming zoo, who was standing with a grim expression. The beginning of his speech was muted as the camera switched, his hand signing feverously to compliment what he was saying.
“- Wasn’t ours. All of our animals are tagged. The exhibits have undergone a new safety regulation after the loss of our latest edition …” Old footage of dragon Arol escaping from his exhibit played while he spoke. “… and I can assure you that no other animals have escaped,” he ranted. The camera switched back to the reporter.
“Be that as it may, citizens are still skeptical that the zoo can properly contain their animals, and it’s got many people spooked.”
The camera switched to a local citizen. A Hispanic woman in her late thirties. 
“I mean this is ridiculous. I can’t go out to get a cup of coffee now without worrying if I’m going to be mauled? What are they doing over there? This is crazy,” she complained.
The camera switched to Jared, still wearing his café uniform, and still sporting his pale expression.
“I … I don’t know,” he shrugged. “I’m just glad it didn’t hurt anyone.”
The reporter held the microphone back to him.
“Don’t you think it was strange that it took the cake?” he asked, trying to lighten the mood. Jared gave half a laugh and another shrug of his shoulders. “Is catnip your new secret ingredient?” Jared laughed again, this time a little more whole heartedly. 
“If it is, we’re definitely removing it.”
The footage then came back to the real-time shot of the reporter, who lagged slightly before speaking again.
“The lioness fled the scene when animal control came onto the property, and was lost when entering the thick of the woods just outside of town. It has yet to be captured, and an advisory is currently in effect until the lioness is found.” The reporter nodded. “This is Stanley Green, reporting for channel 17, eye-witness news. Back to you, Mike.”
Back in the living room, Loni’s face captured her astonishment and slight appall. She’s nearly dropped what was left of the cake she had taken from the café. She glanced back at Xander, whose face held both annoyance and disappointment. Her hand slowly lowered the pastry onto the back of the sofa.
“Oh,” she mumbled. 



Chapter 12

“Professor, can you tell me what happened here?” came the accent-coated voice of Officer Glover. 
He and Officer Roland had been called in to investigate a crime scene. One that had happened at Clemming Community College just a few hours prior. The Professor, Professor Hughes, was still pretty shaken up. He had come in to the lab to find two of his colleagues dead, and almost all of the equipment being stolen. For whatever reason, his life was spared, and he was left to report the tragedy to the police. 
“They took it all …” the Professor stammered. He looked over at the two covered bodies of his young female colleagues, his face twisting into that of despair. “She killed them. Christ, Cynthia has children,” he wept. Glover gripped his shoulder, trying to steady the man and keep him focused.
“Focus, professor. This is how you can help them now,” Glover offered. “A woman did this?”
Hughes shook his head, recalling the events that happened only a few hours ago.
“Not alone. She had Cynthia’s neck in her hand when I walked in. I caught the end of it … I watched Cynthia’s body fall to the floor beside Paula’s.” 
“Did she take the equipment? Who was with her?”
“I didn’t see the men that moved the equipment. But I heard them speak to her on an intercom. She answered them, walked up to me, winked, and left.”
“What did she look like?” Glover asked, taking out his small notepad and pen.
“Tall, long black hair. She had fair skin, and blue eyes.”
“How old would you say she was?”
Hughes shook his head.
“She didn’t look a day over twenty.”
Glover nodded with some hesitation. Someone so young being able to pull something like this off. Was it possible? He patted Hughes’ shoulder, giving his best look of compassion.
“Thank you, Professor. Please, go home and be with your family.”
The Professor nodded, shakily pushing up his thinly framed glasses. He thanked Glover before walking away towards the lab’s exit, taking a last look at his colleagues before leaving with his head low. Glover sighed as he stuck his notepad into his back pocket, while making his way over to his partner, who was kneeling beside the bodies.
“Got anything we could use?” asked Roland.
Glover crossed his arms, giving a shrug.
“He gave me a decent description. We’ll have to call him in for further questioning. He’s still pretty shaken.”
“Yeah, well I don’t blame the guy. Get this. Cause of death?” Roland said, unzipping the body back he was knelt in front of to reveal Cynthia Brown. 
Her once firm, mocha skin was now pale and wrinkled, riddled with moles and imperfections. Her once raven black hair was now grey, and slightly curling around her aged face. Her skin sagged, and her body looked frail. On her lab coat, her ID badge was clipped onto her left breast pocket. Her photo captured her in her youth, which was only hours ago. Her skin firm and glowing, her smile and eyes bright and inviting. Roland looked up at Glover’s shocked expression before standing up to join him.
“Old age.”



	Standing in the slowly rising elevator of Maverick’s apartment, Jared’s thoughts were beginning to race. After his conversation with Liz, he’d finally taken it upon himself to check in on Maverick at his apartment. He hadn’t returned any of his calls, and for him to just disappear like that had him spooked. He felt he was obligated to at least see if he was okay. Of course, there was no guarantee that Maverick would even be there, but Jared wanted to see if he was at least still a resident of the apartment. 
The elevator dinged, and Jared stepped out into the artificially lit hallway, looking down into the end of the hall at Maverick’s front door. He wanted to get this over with. He wanted to hear what Maverick had to say for himself. But reaching the door, he found himself hesitant to knock.
What if Liz was right? What if Maverick was dead? What if Saphora had killed him? It would certainly explain Maverick’s disappearance. Would he be the one to discover Maverick’s body? Jared suddenly found himself tense and unsure of what to do next. But not knowing, he decided would be worse than finding a corpse. 
“Maverick?” he called out, then waited a few moments. “Maverick!” he shouted again when he heard no response. 
He listened intently, leaning towards the door in order to try and pick up on any movement from within. And to his relief, he heard it. It was very faint, but he could hear the footsteps on the other side. He smiled, waiting for the door to open, relief washing over him at the sign of life. But after over a minute of being left outside, Jared’s relief soon turned into anger. 
“Come on, Maverick. Open the door,” he bellowed loud enough to be embarrassing. 
But this time, he was met with silence. The footsteps had stopped, and so had his patience. He scoffed, stepping closer to the door. 
“I know you’re in there. Open the door!” he said before raising his balled fist and banging it against the door. 
And when he did, he was surprised to see it swing open. It hadn’t been locked. Hell, it hadn’t even been closed all the way. Jared’s face spiraled from confusion to embarrassment as he realized that maybe Maverick had been waiting for him to come in. He placed his hand on the edge of the door, opening it further as he stepped in before closing it behind him with a gentle click. But as he looked around, he didn’t see Maverick, and his understanding of the situation fell apart again.
“Maverick?” he called out unsure. 
He stepped further into the mists of the messy living room, which was covered with scattered books and water jugs. Again, there was no answer, and again Jared felt his anger boiling. 
“Come on, Maverick. Enough of this. Get out here,” Jared demanded, tilting his head to the side to peek into his empty bedroom. “What’s with you, anyway? It’s like you –“ 
Jared stopped in the middle of his sentence when hearing the hollow thud of a jug falling to the floor. Jared spun around, ready to catch Maverick in the act of sneaking. But what he saw made his blood run cold. There, on top of the island counter, was Loni, the overgrown lioness that had found her way into the café. She was perched low on the counter, her breathing slow and steady as she stared Jared down. His breathing went from angered to panicked in the instant as he took an uneasy step back. Immediately, his hands raised, offering the feline peace. 
“W-Whoa there … Nice tiger,” he pleaded. Loni snarled, dipping her head forward. “Lion! Lion … So sorry,” he corrected in a plea. “Nice lion. Lovely lion.”
Loni gracefully leapt down from the counter, her eyes never leaving his. Jared shook his head taking another step back. His foot crushed a water jug, startling him with the sudden noise and making him fall back onto the floor, hitting the back of his head on the coffee table in the process and rendering him unconscious. 
Loni paused, stared at the now limp body that laid on the floor before slowly going closer. She lowered her head, starting from his hand and making her way to the curve of his neck, sniffing along the way. She didn’t smell anything of Athena on him, rendering him useless. She did however, notice his face, as the human that gave her the powdered cake. She morphed, now kneeling beside him with a look of only slight disgust.
“Hmph. Stupid human,” she mumbled to herself.

********

“Will someone tell me just what the hell is going on in this town?!” Officer Johnson bellowed as she stormed into her office, where officers Glover and Roland were waiting. 
Roland shot to his feet from the chair he was sitting in, wiping his face clean of what was left of the powered donut he was eating. Glover turned around to meet Johnson’s angry eyes. He smiled at her, his arms crossed.
“I take it you’re having just as lovely a day as we are,” Glover teased. 
“I’ve got human wrecking balls taking down malls, I’ve got lions roaming the streets, and I’ve got twenty-four year old women dying of old age! I’m having a splendid day,” she spat. “I’m losing control of my town, and I want to know why,” she demanded. 
That was when the calm and collective voice of Agent Elba filled the room, drawing Johnson’s attention behind her. He closed the door behind him, from which he had moved in front of as he sighed.
“You’re not the only one,” he agreed. 
Johnson’s shoulders slumped upon seeing him. She groaned, exaggeratingly rolling her eyes as she perched her hands on her narrow hips. 
“Oh, great,” Johnson exclaimed. “You, again. Are you here to tell me that more aliens are behind all of this? Because that would really make my day.”
“That’s exactly what I’m here to tell you,” Elba nodded, folding his hands behind his back and standing with a military swagger. Johnson groaned, turning back around towards her team and throwing her hand in the air.
“Great,” she huffed. “More un-file-able paperwork. Make my job harder, why don’t you. I still have Jones’ family up my rear end. And now I’ve got to explain to tax payers why they need to shove out money for the mall – and their community college. Only I can’t because there’s no paperwork!”
Elba waited patiently for Johnson to finish before he stepped closer, her lips pursed in ill consideration.
“We’ll take care of all that,” he offered. Both Roland and Glover looked over at the Agent with raised brows, while Johnson took her time in turning back around to look at him. Her eyes showed her obvious skepticism.
“You’ll take care of it,” she repeated almost mockingly. Elba nodded. “For what price?” she questioned knowingly. Elba shrugged, stepping forward again.
“Cooperation.”
Johnson scoffed, nodding somewhat.
“With what?”
“We need to make some house calls to our foreign friends.”

********

	“This will have been my third outing for this, you know,” Xander pointed out as he followed Nora down the streets of Clemming towards a clothing store she wanted to take him to. 
Xander was still in need of clothing, as it was made apparent by the turning heads of the people walking beside them. Mothers pulled their children away from him as he waved. He frowned, looking at Nora, who was looking straight. 
“Your people fear me.”
Nora scoffed, shaking her head.
“Have you seen your outfit?” she countered. Xander looked down at himself, studying his own attire. He frowned again, arching his maroon brow. 
“What’s wrong with my outfit? I’ll have you know that this is the finest fabrics on my side of –“
“It’s not about the fabric. It’s about the style. Which here – you don’t have. But don’t worry, I’ll help you.”
Xander scoffed. 
“I beg your pardon. And what training have you to dress a man of royalty?” he asked skeptically as they approached the door of the small shop. 
Nora opened it, holding it open for him to walk through. She rolled her eyes, shaking her head as she looked around the quaint clothing store. She let the door close behind her as Xander stepped in, immediately overwhelmed with the mixture of culture in such a small area. 
His mouth fell almost theatrically agape as he stepped further into the shop. He spun slowly around, taking in all the different types of clothing and people that suddenly surrounded him.
“More than you – trust me,” Nora assured under her breath as the door clicked. 
She watched him with somewhat of a smirk as he continued looking around. 
“How can you choose anything out of all of this?”
Nora gave a shrug and a slight sigh as she gently pushed Xander forward.
“Oh, will you just shop?”
“There are entirely too many choices,” Xander complained as he was lead towards the male area of the store, getting several looks of curiosity and wariness as he went.
“Find something you like,” Nora offered.
Xander grumbled as Nora’s hand left his back, allowing her to walk around and stand beside him. He glanced around at the small, but overwhelming selection before him. He picked up a random shirt, holding it to his chest and looking down at it. Nora raised a brow, watching him in admitted amusement. 
“You look like a fish out of water. You think you can handle finding your size while I look around?” Nora teased, getting a look of defiance from Xander as he put the shirt back. 
He shooed her away, making her giggle as she walked off towards the women’s section. She made her way to the small selection of wigs with a sigh. Scanning them over and their wacky colours – pink, blonde, orange, blue. She wondered what she would look like in any of them. Then frowned when she thought about the fact they she may need them moving forward. 
She grimaced, crossing her arms and glancing to the side, catching the watchful eye of an employee. They shared eye contact for a brief moment, before Nora looked away, back at the wigs, and picked up the blonde one.
She gripped the blonde wig firmly, studying the artificial hair. The blonde locks reminded her of Sarah’s. Her eyes lowered to the crown of the piece as her thumb stroked against it. Her face contorted in reminiscence of her friend and her untimely demise. And she couldn’t help but feel some guilt towards it. Towards losing her. The memory of her transmutation failure flooded her thoughts, making her cringe. She threw the wig back onto the counter, sighing with distaste. 
Glancing back towards the employee, she saw that she was no longer looking in her direction, but off to the side. Unable to help being curious, Nora followed the woman’s gaze, and was shocked at what she saw. Back in the men’s section of the shop, Xander was removing his clothing, in order to try on others. His torso, lean and muscular, was bare as he looked around once again at his selection from which to choose from.
Her eyes widened as her body spazzed, making a mad dash back over to him. Arms flailing, Nora nearly leapt into him, trying to get his attention. Xander stumbled to the side, looking back at Nora in question. Her face, flushed, was scrunched in disbelief as she smacked his bare arm.
“What are you doing?!” she scowled. 
Xander raised his arm to defend himself, his brows pulling together in confusion and annoyance. He easily blocked her next hit, taking a step away from her. She frowned, taking her wrist and lowering it away from him.
“What? You told me to –“
“I didn’t tell you to strip!” Nora squawked, trying to avert her eyes from his body while covering him from the customers’. “Put your shirt back on!”
Xander gently swatted at Nora’s attempts to cover him again as he scoffed.
“And how do you expect me to see if anything fits? On top of my own clothing?”
“There are fitting rooms!”
“I waited an entire minute and no one has come to escort me. So I took liberty of my own.”
“Escort?” Nora groaned, her shoulders slumping in aggravation. “You’re not a prince here, Xander.”
Xander frowned, hearing his royalty in question.
“Wrong. Upon visiting Kiran, I am no less of a prince than I am in the walls of my own castle,” Xander pointed out, and then set the shirt he was holding down with a shake of his head. “And regardless of my status. What are the workers here being paid for, if not to escort and assist their patrons?” 
Nora put her hands up frantically, hearing his tone rise in distress. She urged him to remain quiet with her body language. 
“Okay, okay,” she shushed. “I’ll take you. Just get what you were going to try on and follow me.”



	********

It had been nearly two hours since Jared had fallen unconscious in Maverick’s living room. Loni had since made three trips from the apartment to their ship, bringing back everything that belonged to either Saphora or Hydra in the process. She had stayed afterwards, despite her better judgment, to tend to the boy, and make sure he didn’t go blabbing about what he saw. She’d already been scolded once about wondering around as a lioness, and once was enough. She wanted to make sure it stayed that way. 
She stood behind the island counter with her elbow perched, and her chin resting in the palm of her hand. She watched Jared’s slight movements with impatience, waiting for something to trigger his consciousness. Finally, growing tired of waiting, she reached over, grabbing one of the ceramic mugs that had been left on the counter, and threw it against the wall, as if it were nothing. 
Jared sprang awake, his eyes immediately darting about and searching for the commotion that woke him. But his eyes stopped upon seeing Loni. As did his flailing. They stared each other down, Jared a bit more delicately as his eyes trailed lower, before being cut off by the horizon of the countertop, preventing him from going any further.
“Awake finally?” Loni asked, causing Jared’s blue eyes to snap back up at Loni’s golden ones. 
Dumbfounded, he found himself at a loss for words for a moment, until his brain caught up with him. He glanced around, as the memory prior to his unconscious kicked in. He searched for the lion that had caused his fall, almost frantically. Loni frowned, recognizing the panic.
“Looking for something?” she interjected.
Again, Jared looked up, noticing her presence. But before Jared could spazz about the sighting of the lioness, and urge her to call animal control and see what the security in the building had seen, he was once again caught up in the sight of her. This time, he was now fully aware and realizing that she was standing in Maverick’s apartment with him, and that he did not know who she was. Jared’s posture straightened as he adjusted his clothing, suddenly feeling the need to. 
“Hi,” he breathed. Loni arched a brow. Not getting a response, Jared continued. “Who are you?”
“Who are you?” Loni countered, not at all feeling obligated to reveal her identity. But he answered right away, to her surprise.
“Jared. I’m a friend of Maverick’s. Are you?”
Loni scowled, her face scrunching up in distaste. 
“Certainly not,” she spat, standing straight behind the counter and setting her hands down against it. Jared’s brows pinched together in confusion.
“Then …” he stood a little straighter. “Who are you? Are you robbing the apartment?” he asked with sudden skepticism, feeling defensive of Maverick even though he still felt angry with him. Loni frowned, rolling her eyes.
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“Then who are you?” Jared demanded. Loni’s eyes narrowed at his tone.
“You’d be wise not to raise your voice at a Guardian,” she warned. “I am Loni.”
“Guard – What? If you don’t know Maverick, then –“
“I’m an acquaintance of Saphora’s. And I’m here gathering things she’s left behind.”
Jared’s eyes widened at the mentioning. He took steps towards her, making her raise her level of awareness. 
“That girl?” he exclaimed. “Where is she? Does she have Maverick? What has she done with him?”
With each question, he grew closer, and with each step, Loni grew more wary. She held back the urge to growl at him as she took a slight step back. She slammed her hand down on the counter, somewhat startling Jared enough to stop his advances. Her lips were in a firm line, warning him of his abrasive actions. There was a moment of silence among them.
Before Loni could tell him of his tone and approach, there were footsteps at the door. Unheard by Jared, but not to Loni’s supreme hearing. Her eyes glanced towards the door just as the suited officer kicked it in, startling Jared and making him trip backwards again. This time sparing the back of his head. His arm caught himself on the armrest of the sofa, helping him get back to his feet as officer after officer swarmed into the apartment. 
“Whoa!” Jared shouted, raising his hands defensively. 
But before he could fully get to his feet, there were men upon him, pushing him onto his chest on the floor and pulling his wrists behind his back. Loni watched with a scowl, her eyes snapping back to the men approaching her. They didn’t say a word as they approached, swiftly surrounding her. But her expression remained calm as she silently counted the numbers of her ambush.
They stood around her and the counter, all standing still for several moments before one, directly in front of her, made a move. He lunged at her, and Loni immediately responded, her speed considerably greater than his. The palm of her left hand connected with the underside of his jaw, practically knocking him off his feet and dropping him onto the floor.
The man to Loni’s right followed the assault, moving towards her. Her eyes snapped to him, her right hand following them and hooking around the back of his head. Her hand sticking to the smooth surface of his helmet, as she passed momentum through him. Within the instant, the man’s head made contact with the counter, cracking its surface. Some of the broken pieces fell to the floor with the man as he landed on his fellow officer. 
“Whoa,” Jared grunted as he watched from his held position on the floor. Captured by awe at her skilled combat.
Before the majority of the other officers could react fully, Loni spun around, her elbow connecting with the collarbone of the man behind her, making him grunt and stumble back into another officer. Loni followed up with a kick to his stomach as the man behind him tried to steady them both. They both fell to the floor as Loni leapt onto the counter, eying the rest of them. They took several wary steps back as their commanding officer stepped through the doorway. Their eyes met, and Agent Borges’ narrowed. 
“Taze her,” he ordered. 
The man closest to Loni nodded as he reached for his tazer. Loni glanced over at him, not at all concerned as he aimed it at her and fired. The clips made contact with her skin, sending the jolting shock through her nerves. It tickled her, making her squint and smile. She reached for it, shocking the man as she ripped the clips from her skin, looking back at Borges. 
“You call that electricity?” Loni mocked. 
Borges grimaced as he silently gestured to the woman beside him. She nodded, reaching back outside the apartment and dragging a large gun back into the room, barely able to hold it. Loni’s eyes widened at the familiar technology, her body tensing in instinctive preparation. She raised her hand defensively, while Jared cried out in disbelief as they aimed the gun at Loni.
“W-Hey! What are you –“ 
Jared shouted as the gun went off, knocking Loni clear off the counter and into the men behind her. She winced and growled as they caught her, immediately moving to restrain her while she was wounded. Jared’s motivation to struggle against his restraints was suddenly reanimated when seeing them capture Loni.
“What the – Are you crazy? You trying to kill her? Who are you people?!” he yelled at Borges, whose expression had remained the same. He glanced at Jared, who somewhat stilled when meeting his eyes.
“You walked into the wrong place at the wrong time, kid,” he huffed, turning around and walking out of the apartment into the hallway. “Bag ‘em.”

********

	Each time Xander stepped out of the fitting room, Nora became more embarrassed with the outfit that he’d come up with. He stepped out, smile wide, as he showcased his latest fashion statement. Which was a neon lime green muscle shirt, brick red capris, and a navy blue cardigan that looked to be a size too small. There were a few giggles from the girls who had gathered to watch his changing process. Nora rubbed the bridge of her nose in embarrassment as her head lowered. 
“What do you think?” he beamed, slowly turning so that Nora could fully appreciate the creation. 
Nora winced, thinking of the appropriate response to give him without upsetting the self-proclaimed prince. But she hesitated, once again, a moment too long, tipping Xander off to her silent opinion. He frowned, stopping his twirl.
“Now what is it?” he complained. “I’ve added colour, just like you instructed.”
Xander’s previous outfit had made him look like something out of the dark ages. All he needed was some excessive eyeliner and painted nails. So Nora skillfully suggested that he add some more colour into his next outfit. But she hadn’t expected him to come out looking like a circus addition. 
“I know – and they’re all good colours,” she assured. “It just … It might be a little too much.”
Xander huffed, crossing his arms. He was growing frustrated. This was now his sixth attempt at putting together an outfit that was pleasing Nora, and he was beginning to think that it was impossible to do just that.
“Well what do you suggest I do? I’ve done this six times now. And each time you’ve told me something different. I’m growing tired of this.”
Nora sighed, rolling her eyes as she raised her hands, gesturing for him to calm down. 
“Let me pick out the clothing.”
Xander scoffed.
“Don’t be ridiculous. A simpleton? Picking out clothing for a –“
Nora cut him off, standing from her seated position on the carpeted floor. Xander placed a foot behind him as she stepped towards him. He raised a brow, waiting for her to strike him. But instead, she merely maintained threatening eye contact. Which proved to be more unnerving than if she had actually hit him. His other brow raised, feeling the unsettling aura of an angered woman. He raised his hands, taking a step away as he averted his eyes.
“Wonderful idea. Carry on.”


	Forty minutes later, they were ready to check out. Nora had picked out a simple wardrobe for Xander, which consisted of the heather grey tee and denim jeans he was wearing. As well as a few other plain tees and jeans. Nothing flashy, which she had to convince him of to begin with. But eventually he gave in, letting her put together his wardrobe. 
They approached the cashier counter together, Xander carrying all of the clothing. Nora had decided against the wig, the blonde reminding her of Sarah too much, and the others just being too ridiculous of a colour. 
Placing the things on the counter, Nora sighed, glancing up at Xander while the cashier fiddled with something with their back to them. Xander returned the glance with a raised brow after feeling her gaze on him. His expression suggested a question.
“So, how are you paying for all this? I’m sure you didn’t expect me to,” Nora asked, crossing her arms.
“Of course not. Does your species’ currency accept gold?”
Nora nodded with raised brows of her own.
“You have gold?”
Now Xander nodded. Nora huffed, throwing her arms up.
“Then we didn’t have to shop here!” she whined. Her increased volume made the cashier turn around, revealing the all too familiar face of Nani. Nani’s eyes widened as she saw her, Nora’s face almost immediately mimicking hers.
“N-Nani,” Nora stammered.
“Nora?”
Xander looked up from the pile of clothes he was shifting through for the fourth time, seeing the familiar human face. He smiled, his posture straightening in recognition. 
“Human!” he greeted with joy.

Chapter 13

	Walking in through the door of Fran’s house, Nora held herself as she walked further in at a rather quick pace, while Xander followed lazily behind, kicking the door shut behind him. He sighed, shifting the pile of clothes in his arms as he stepped a little closer to the pacing Nora.
“So, explain this dating thing to me. What is it?” he asked curiously as he set the pile of clothing down on the back of the sofa. 
He watched her, waiting for a response. But it soon became clear to him that she was getting further and further into her thoughts. Thoughts unpleasant, by the look on her face. 
She was pacing around in circles, her eyes focused on her feet. Seeing Nani for some reason had jarred her. Being face to face with her past, when she didn’t know if she could reconnect to it again. 
Nani had given her a piece of her mind back at the store about how she felt about her sudden disappearance, and Nora not being able to give a reason for it only made things worse. They had to leave the store before Nani caused a scene, and Nora had been replaying the conversation the entire way back to the house.
The response she’d gotten from Nani – it made her think. About her own family. How would they react to her disappearance? Would they accept her the way she was now? Would they understand? How could she expect them to, when she didn’t?
“Nora?” Xander asked softly, watching the slow deterioration of her brain. 
Her head spun, and she felt her footing begin to falter. What if she’d made a terrible mistake? What if she couldn’t handle what she had set out to do in the first place? Forget about her family accepting her. What if she couldn’t save them? What if she couldn’t stop the doctor in time? And they were subjected to this life? The life of a mutant? Of a Chimera? What if they died in the process?
“Nora,” Xander said again, a little more firmly as he stepped towards her. 
Nora’s hands had found their way to the sides of her temple, and she was beginning to make soft whimpering sounds. When he wasn’t answered a third time, he gripped her by her shoulders and gave her a firm shake. 
“Nora,” he said again.	This time Nora’s eyes fluttered, before refocusing on Xander’s face. He frowned. “What is it?”
Nora was silent for a moment, as her mind recollected itself. Her eyes darted about as she pieced together an answer, trying to remember where she was. And then, having it all mash together, her eyes watered, somewhat surprising Xander.
“What if I can’t do this?” she finally said. Xander’s frown deepened.
“What?”
“This,” Nora said, gesturing to the room and confusing Xander further. “This … Rescue mission. What if I can’t do it? There’s no way that I can. Richard almost killed me – twice. I can’t go up against all of them. I don’t even know how many there are,” she ranted as the tears began to fall. “And what about the police? What if they won’t help me? What if they lock me away forever to be tested on instead?”
Xander squeezed her shoulders, trying to calm her.
“Stop,” he ordered. “What are you saying?” Nora sniffled, reaching up to wipe her eyes at the question. “You keep saying ‘I’. When I, a power-wielding alien have already agreed to help you with this,” Xander reminded, letting go of her shoulders with a sigh. Nora wiped her eyes more hurriedly as he shook his head.
“But what if it’s not enough? What if –“
“Don’t insult me,” Xander frowned. “I’m more than enough to help you save your little power-queer planet.”
Nora sniffled again, her breathing coated in soft hiccups. 
“Just stop crying. You do that too often.”
Nora’s head snapped back up in disbelief of the insensitivity, her eyes watered again as she raised her fists. Xander flinched as he suddenly felt the wrath of Nora’s hands against his arm, making his curl away from her.
“Well excuse me for being human!” she whined just before Xander caught a hold of one of her wrists. 
He laughed, making her frown and flail about, trying to get her hand free to continue hitting him.
“That’s good,” he said, catching her off guard. 
Her fury slowed to a stop as the words paused her onslaught. She looked at him, at his smile, before pulling her hand away from him.
“What?”
“You said you were human,” Xander noted. 
Nora’ eyes broadened as she realized. She lowered her fists from their hitting positions and she realized he wasn’t laughing at her.
“So?”
“So. You think you still are, don’t you? Despite calling yourself a Chimera yesterday, or whatever it was.”
“I’m not human,” Nora insisted, her eyes lowering. “Not anymore.”
“Aren’t you? Just because you’re like this now, doesn’t mean you’re not, does it?”
“It doesn’t work like that.”  
“I know, genetically, you may not be considered human anymore. But does that really make you any less of one? Saphora is, by genetic structure, an Ekechi. Yet she remains an Athenian. I think it’s the same for you.”
Nora fell silent at his kind words, taking them to heart. She felt her chest heave, and somewhat of a weight slide from her shoulders, hearing what she had longed to believe. That she was still human. A smile cracked her features as her body lunged forward into his, her arms wrapping around him and catching him by surprise. His body stiffened as he his arms immediately raised in caution as she nuzzled against him.
“Thank you,” she sobbed. He grunted as she squeezed, before groaning, hearing the strain of her voice.
“Crying,” he groaned. “You’re crying again,” he complained as he reached down to take her by the shoulders and attempt prying her off. She whined, tightening her grip to stay where she was.
“I can’t help it!” she whined.
“Alright, alright,” Xander cooed, still tugging at her shoulders. “Here, you bring the clothes up to Saphora’s room, and I’ll fix some Athenian food, huh? Okay?” he offered. 
Immediately, Nora’s eyes dried as she took a step back from him in order to look up into his face. She wiped her eyes.
“Really?”
Xander nodded and Nora spun around, grabbing the pile of clothes on the sofa and flying up the stairs, nearly tripping over herself in the process. Xander chuckled to himself watching her go.
“Emotional, that one,” he mumbled to himself before turning to enter the kitchen and trying to remember where he had stashed the food. 
There were so many cabinet and cupboards it could have been. He sighed, slapping his hand to his face when realizing he hadn’t the slightest idea where he had left anything. They’d been eating Earth’s food for the past few days, and his memory was faulty. He stood there, hands on his hips as he scanned the kitchen, concentrating on each door and trying to recall his last actions. 
It was then that he heard movement outside the kitchen. He glanced at the ceiling, as if to look through it into Saphora’s room. Had Nora rushed to finish that quickly? That’s when he heard it again, coming from not just outside the kitchen, but outside the house. 
Footsteps. 
Thudding, as if there were several. His eyes narrowed as he spun around, eyeing the window next to the door and seeing the moving figures. Perhaps it was Richard? He’d found them and brought reinforcements? 
He stepped back outside the kitchen, eyeing the door. Meanwhile, upstairs, the door to the closet Nora was inside slowly closed shut. Xander called on its magnetic properties to secure the door’s lock, unknown to Nora, who was still busy putting the clothes away. He frowned, coming back into the living room and watching the door with anticipation. 
With sudden force, the door came crashing in, startling the focused Nora upstairs. She tensed, instinctively ducking and covering her head as she heard the crack. Her eyes shut tight as she whimpered, listening for the sound to continue. She peeked one eye open, her face scrunching into wonder as she questioned exactly what Xander was doing. But her thoughts of Xander being the cause quickly faded as she heard several voices. 
“Richard?” she gasped, whipping her head around to look at the closed door. 
She listened intently, her eyes darting about. But she didn’t hear Richard’s voice, she heard Xander’s, followed by the loading of a weapon. She gasped again, hurrying to her feet. 
“The police,” she breathed, just before hearing the weapon fire, followed by a grunt of pain from Xander. “No!” she cried, running to the door and twisting the knob, only to find that the door would not open, despite not being locked. “What?” she said aloud as she continued to tug and pull on the doorknob.“No!” she cried again, realizing it was Xander that was keeping the door closed. 
She went to pull harder, but was met by a slight, but large enough shock. It knocked her off her feet onto the carpeted floor. She groaned, rushing back to her feet to try the door again, but flinched when she heard the weapon go off again. Slowly, her hands lowered from her ears as she awaited more noise. But what she heard made her blood run cold. 
Silence.
Silence rang in her ears for what seemed like ages before she heard the dragging of a body, accompanied by grunts from the police. Nora’s face paled as the magnetized door slowly creaked open. She watched it like she would a ghost, before rushing out of the room, shaking her head. She darted to the open window in Saphora’s room, falling to her knees and peering outside from its corner. 
With bated breath she watched as the men and woman dragging Xander’s passive body into one of the black vans. She gasped as she saw the blood that stained Xander’s new shirt, as well as a portion of his jeans. She whimpered as their eyes met. His seemed to be telling her to stay where she was. Demanding it, even. She shook her head in protest, but his gaze remained unwavering as he was shoved into the vehicle, arms cuffed behind his back.
It was then that she heard footsteps reenter the house, making her spin around. They were quick paced, and headed in all directions – including upstairs. They were searching the house. Nora’s breathing sped up as she searched the room for a place to hide, her scan ending with the bed. With an almost thrust of her body, Nora crawled under the bed in time to hide her body from the entering officers. 
She clamped her hand over her mouth, fighting the whimpering cries her body evoked. She watched the men’s feet pass on each side of the bed, listening to them speak amongst themselves as they began searching.
“Think this guy knows where Saphora is?” one of them asked another.
“I don’t know, but Elba’s gonna find out,” the other answered.
Just then, the horn from one of the cars blew from outside, signaling that the group’s search time was up. The men huddled together as they left the room, leaving Nora to sob quietly under the bed, hand still over her mouth. She waited until she heard the slam of the front door to let out her sobbing pants, while digging her hand into her back pocket to get her cellphone.

	Chapter 14

	      With lethargic eyes, Xander looked around at the room they had put him in. They had bandaged his wounds, cuffed his wrists together in front of him, as well as his ankles, and sat him down in a wooden chair behind a metal table. The room seemed to be some sort of metal as well. The walls were covered in some sort of metallic paint. The light from the single naked florescent bulb in the center of the ceiling gave the room a cold atmosphere, and did nothing to lift Xander’s spirits. 
Which were not actually too low. Although he had been wounded and apprehended, he was, nonetheless, curious as to why. He wanted to know just what was going on, and why he had been captured. He hadn’t harmed anyone – aside from Richard. But that was self-defense, as Saphora had instructed. But his inquiries would soon be answered with the presence of Agent Elba. 
The door to the room, previously locked, slowly swung open, revealing Elba’s tall and muscular figure, hidden beneath the tailored suit he wore. The sleeves of his white button down were rolled up to his elbows, lined with the tip of his red tie. He kept his eyes averted from Xander as he closed the door behind him, waiting to hear the sound of it locking before turning around and making his way to the metal table, which had an empty chair, identical to Xander’s, in front of it.
Elba sat down with a sigh, setting the manila folder he was carrying down in front of him, slightly to his left. Xander sat in silence as he adjusted himself, scooting the chair forward and resting his folded hands on the table. Finally, Elba’s brown eyes rose to meet Xander’s violent ones, a slight grin raising his bottom lids ever so slightly. 
“Hello,” Elba greeted wholeheartedly. Xander cocked a brow, almost warily. “I’m Agent Elba,” Elba introduced, gesturing for Xander to do the same. Xander eyes glanced to the side momentarily before returning to Elba’s.
“Xander.”
“Xander,” Elba nodded with a sigh. “Sorry we had to shoot you,” he apologized with a slightly wider grin.”
“Are you?” Xander challenged. Elba raised a brow. “Your people said nothing when barging in and proceeding to attack me,” he explained. “It doesn’t seem like a very apologetic course of action.”
Elba gave a small nod. 
“Would you have gone with them if they’d asked?” Elba asked, remembering Saphora’s resistance to as little as questioning. But Elba’s surprise, Xander complied.
“Of course.”
Elba’s brows rose.
“Really.”
“I’m assuming you’re – you and your people, that is, are the reason Saphora’s time on Earth was so unpleasant,” Xander noted.
Elba grimaced, more out of confusion than disapproval.
“And assuming this, you would have still gone? Seems foolish.”
Xander smiled, shaking his head.
“Knowing that does not make me afraid. Merely aware.”
“And how do you know your time with us would not have been as unpleasant?”
Xander hesitated, thinking of how to phrase his words.
“Saphora was not confident in her abilities, which resulted in fear. The case is not so with me.” The change in Elba’s expression was slight, but did not go unnoticed by Xander. Xander leaned forward a bit, folding his own hands. “So, before you do whatever it is you’re going to do, I suggest you keep that in mind.”
Elba’s face flattened at the subtle threat.
“Right,” he hummed. “So, let’s start. You’ve already admitted to knowing Saphora. That’s more than good progress.”
“Am I being charged with something?” Xander interjected. Elba paused, almost hesitated to answer.
“Sorry?”
“That’s what this is, isn’t it? People are brought to this … facility when ‘charged’ with something. A crime, perhaps,” Xander went on to explain. Elba couldn’t help but grin as he nodded.
“Ah, so you’ve been doing some homework.”
“I’ve got a tutor,” Xander agreed proudly, pleased to show of his knowledge of the planet.
“Did your tutor mention homeland security? Or the ‘do whatever you want and get away with it’ badge?”
Xander’s smug expression faded just slightly.
“We didn’t get to that yet”
“Yes, well,” Elba chuckled. “I’ve got one of those. So, let’s stick to the topic at hand.” Finding no come back off the top of his head, Xander let him continue. “A few days ago, you were in Clemming’s City Mall, correct? For multiple days, actually.”
Xander was silent, immediately calling the memory of Richard and the condition he’d left him in when encountering him. Elba took Xander’s silence as a signal to continue. 
“And during your last trip, there was a little incident,” he said as he reached into the manila folder, pulling out a handful a pictures taken from the mall’s security footage. 
He sprawled them out in front of Xander, each of the photos showing a different angle of the event. One of Xander walking towards the damaged fountain. Once of Xander catching and holding Nora, whose face was not in the shot. One of Richard standing in the fountain, facing them both. One of Xander and Nora standing behind the compact wall she’d summoned to protect them. And two more of Xander fighting Richard. The last photo showing static interference, most likely from the electric waves Xander was emitting. 
Elba let Xander look over the dispersed pile of photos before continuing, watching his reaction to them. Xander finally looked up at Elba, their eyes meeting.  Xander leaned back in his seat.
“You have these, so you know that my actions were brought on defensively, where as his were offensive,” Xander pointed out.
Elba nodded.
“Yes,” Elba agreed. “We can see that.”
“Then why he is not being contained? Questioned?”
“Simply because we don’t know where he is.”
“And you think I do?” Elba paused, and Xander scoffed, shaking his head. “Why would I know where he is? Don’t you think I’d be doing my best to avoid him?” Elba gave a light shrug.
“Then maybe you could shed some light on why this happened, and who he is? As well as the woman here that you appear to be helping. Are they more of your kind? Like Tebias? Saphora” 
Xander laughed.
“No,” he said. “He’s human.” Elba frowned, confused and in immediate denial. “Or, I suppose, was.”
“What do you mean?”
“I couldn’t really tell you,” Xander sighed, resting his folded hands in his lap. 
“We’re going to need a little more than that, Xander,” Elba egged. But Xander shrugged.
“Sorry. That’s all I know.”
“And what about the woman? The one in the photos.”
“Not giving her up,” Xander answered bluntly. “You’re wasting your time.”
Elba paused, watching Xander’s nonchalant body language with a tremor of aggravation. But he maintained his composure, remembering the ace he had up his sleeve. He gave a sigh, opening the folder again as Xander glanced around the room. Taking out another photo, he carefully - calmly placed it in front of Xander, drawing his attention. Xander’s eyes lowered, looking over the photo once quickly, then again more carefully. His body tensed at what he saw. 
It was Loni. A photo taken of her from someone’s cellphone the day she had wondered into the café in town. She was waltzing out of the café with the cake she taken in her mouth. Xander’s jaw clenched, but he fought with his body to remain still, not wanting to give away a reaction. But Elba had already seen.
“Just wondering. Is this your lion? You know, since Saphora had a dragon and all. And it isn’t the zoo’s. We were wondering if it was yours,” Elba asked casually.
“I don’t have a lion,” Xander lied, keeping eye contact with Elba. 
Elba gave a slow nod, as if to dismiss the question with that answer. He then pulled out another photo, and slowly placed it directly on top of the previous. This one was of Loni sitting behind bars in the cell, unknown to Xander, that was directly below him. Her eyes were glowering at the camera and its ower. Her body was spotted in blood, and her hands were also cuffed. Xander’s hand twitched.
“Is this your lion?” Elba asked again with emphasis. 
Xander’s eyes snapped from the photo to the cocky glint in Elba’s eyes. Xander hands slowly balled into fists as he attempted to keep his composure. 
“Where is she?” Xander demanded.
Elba sighed, leaning back in his chair with crossed arms.
“How about this?” Elba suggested. “You tell us where that woman is? And we’ll give you back your lion.”
“This isn’t a game,” Xander pressed.
“No,” Elba agreed. “It’s not.”
“Where is she?” he asked again.
“Give me an answer, and you’ll get yours,” Elba assured.
“You’re regretfully mistaking my demeanor for tolerance. Or what’s worse, weakness.” Xander stood up, making Elba a little more than aware of the failure of the stake. “Or worse still – disloyalty.” Xander glared down at Elba, who was slowly backing away from the table in efforts to stand up. “I’ll ask once more,” Xander offered, as he applied a magnetic property to the cuffs he wore, and the walls that surrounded him. 
Within the instant, the cuffs broke apart, each half zipping to either side of the room and sticking to the walls, leaving his hands and legs free. Elba’s eyes darted to either wall as he shot up, stepping away from his chair as the naked bulb flickered. 
“Where. Is. My. Lion?”

********

“So, like, are you tazed on a regular basis?” Jared asked Loni.
They had been sitting in a cell in the same building that Xander was being investigated in. They were both cuffed, both injured – though one significantly more than the other. Loni was sitting on a bench with Jared, after they had been taken in from Maverick’s apartment. Neither of them had been pulled aside for questioning, and just sitting in the cell with Jared was being to ware on Loni’s nerves.
“And where’d you learn to fight like that? You like, broke the countertop with that guy’s face! Well, helmet, but –“
“Human,” Loni breathed. “I will maul you,” she warned.
“And why do you keep calling me human? Is that something you do when you’re mad? Are you mad?”
Jared couldn’t help his excitement – and curiosity. Being in that type of situation, it was the only response he could think of to keep him from thoroughly freaking out. If he had been sitting in that cell alone, he would have surely begun to lose his sanity. Having someone to share the experience with – whether they were engaging or not, was a buffer for him. 
Loni groaned at his continuous questions. She was sure she would have no remorse in killing him. The fact of the matter was that she didn’t want to hear Xander’s mouth about it. But she was reaching her limit of patience.
“Do you think they’re going to kill us?” Jared suddenly asked. “You don’t think they would, right? Is your stomach okay? Is it still –“
“Do you want death?” Loni asked with sudden enthusiasm. Surely Xander wouldn’t be angry if the human as wishing for death. “I can give you death, human,” she genuinely offered.
Before Jared could answer, one of the on-guard security men banged their stick against the bars of the cell, causing a moment of silence. And before Loni could protest the treatment, she saw the flicker of the lights above them. It was slight, but noticeable. The first wave went unnoticed by the others. But the second wave was a lasting one, with the lights turning off completely for seconds at a time before flickering again.
Loni slowly stood, her neck craned to look at the lights. Jared looked around at the lights, not particularly concerned by them, but waiting for them to stop. The guards however, seemed to be shifting in their confidence, catching Loni’s attention. She brought her gaze to the wall to her left, in time to see a spark of electricity crawl down the dull stone wall and scatter about the floor. Jared’s feet shot up from the floor to rest on the bench as he looked on with wide eyes.
“The hell was that?” he shouted. And when he asked, the flickering stopped, leaving the group in darkness. 
There was a stillness that fell among them, as they awaited the lights to come back on. Jared flinched when hearing a low growl, which immediately registered as a lion in his mind. Slowly, his eyes trailed up Loni’s body, speechless when meeting her illuminated, golden feline eyes. 

********

	“Hang on, hang on,” urged Elba, with one hand raised submissively towards the fuming Xander. “Calm down. She’s fine,” he assured.
“Where is she?!” he bellowed, moving towards him. 
Elba took a step back, raising his other hand. He was admittedly surprised by the sudden switch. Though really he shouldn’t have been, given the circumstances. He had grown accustomed to Saphora’s reluctance. He now realized he had taken it for granted. Before he had the chance to give up the lion’s whereabouts, his thoughts were scrambled by the sound of screaming men – and a roaring beast. 
Both men stopped their interaction to listen, Xander more intensely than Elba. His eyes squinted as Elba slowly turned towards the metal door. He then snapped back towards Xander when hearing him laugh.
“You kept us in the same building?” he laughed wholeheartedly. 
Elba jumped when hearing the pounding come to the interrogation room. The roaring was prominent now, and he was realizing how quickly his situation was spiraling. He glanced up at the gun that Xander had magnetized to the ceiling as he continued to step back away from the door, which was growing weaker by the moment.
Xander couldn’t help but grin as he patiently waited for Loni to make scrap metal out of the door, coming to his rescue. But looking at Elba, Nora words rang in his head. Immediately, he frowned, the realization that his death was not practical, coming into play. 
Nora needed him, and surely whomever he was associated with. Xander looked back and forth from the creaking and thudding door to the anticipating Elba before scowling and hurrying to move in front of him as the door was broken down. 
Immediately, Loni went charging for Elba, oblivious to Xander’s position until she collided with him. Xander’s arms locked around Loni’s torso as she snarled in disbelief. She clawed around his body as Elba stumbled over himself, falling to the floor and immediately crawling backwards towards the wall. 
“Loni!” Xander growled through the force he was fighting against. 
He dug his heels into the floor, using his magnetic pull to plant his feet firmly as he pushed Loni back. She back-stepped, glaring past him at the shocked Elba. She darted in his direction, only to be caught in a headlock from Xander and tossed onto the ground. 
Loni rolled back onto her feet, her glared now directed at Xander, who was also on his feet, crouching low in preparation. He was still standing protectively in front of Elba, who was still shuffling nervously about. Realizing that Xander was protecting him, he spoke up.
“Control your pet,” he urged, making Loni’s eyes snap back in his direction. Xander groaned in frustration as Loni charged again.
“Not helping,” he grunted as he moved up to collide with her again. 
Again, Xander’s arms came wrapping around her, this time applying force to bodyslam her onto the metal table, causing it to bend downwards as they landed on the floor. Loni gave a low growl as Xander gave a groan of pain, hurriedly sitting up to watch her.
“Loni,” he breathed. “Stop.”
Morphing, Loni stood up, her hands in fists by her sides as she looked into Xander’s eyes. Elba looked on with amazement, seeing the transformation up close and personal. 
“Have you got a death wish? Because I’m starting to think I should grant it,” Loni spat, fed up with his cries of wolf. 
“They had you somewhere. I was trying to scare them into giving you up,” Xander explained as Loni stepped closer. 
“Well, now I’m here,” she huffed, glancing down at Xander’s torso, which she noticed had also been bandaged. Her eyes narrowed. “And we’re both injured.” Their eyes met. “And you’re protecting them.”
“Nora needs –“
“Nora?” Loni scowled. “This planet’s quarrels are not of our concern.”
Xander frowned.
“I made a promise.”
Just then, a group of three men came into the door way. The one in the middle was carrying the weapon used to stun and capture them, while the other two were standing on either side of him, ready for action. Elba held up a hand to them, signaling them to hold off on firing as he waiting for Xander and Loni’s conversation to continue. Loni turned to look at the weapon with cautious and enraged eyes.
“You protect them even while they attack us?” Loni scolded, looking back at Xander. 
“You came in here to protect me. Is it so direct for them to protect him?” Xander answered. Loni scoffed. “Loni. You know as well as I do that that is not their technology. Would it not be beneficial to us to study their adjustments and alterations to the weaponry?”
Loni was hesitant to answer as she looked back once again at the altered Athenian technology. She grimaced at the point that was presented to her.
“And what if they’re not the only ones who have it? What if it has something to do with Nora’s condition?”
Again, Loni looked at Xander. She grumbled, glancing over at Elba, who had slowly made his way to his feet, still wary to the situation. Loni frowned, narrowing her eyes at him as he straightened his suit. She stepped towards Xander, her index finger jabbing into her companion’s chest.
“I’m doing this for science,” she clarified. 
Xander smiled, giving half a nod.


Chapter 15


	“You expect me to believe that? That you’re a mutant and he’s an alien.”
Nora grimaced at the condescending tone in Nani’s voice. Her shoulders slumped as she turned away from Nani’s skeptical gaze. She sighed, raising her hand to wipe it down her face in exhaustion. She’d been trying to get Nani to believe the story of her situation for the past several hours, and Nani was only becoming more and more unconvinced. Nora was becoming aggravated. She had wanted to hurry and leave to attempt helping Xander, and possibly Loni.
“Yes,” she groaned.
“Nora –“
“I’m not lying!”
“– just because you put on some contacts, doesn’t mean that you can pass as a mutant.”
“I am!” Nora insisted.
“Just tell me where you were, Nora. Was it rehab? I know you were in therapy –“
“Nani, stop it. What reason would I have to lie to you about being a mutant? Huh? What possible reason?”
“How about your disappearance for nearly a month?” Nani bluntly offered. “I mean, it’s one hell of an excuse, but –“
“And what about Xander? How else do you explain him?”
“You’ve been to comic con! Nora, honestly. I’ve gone with you! Stop this bull and just tell me where you were.”
Nora gave a groaning sigh as she gripped the sides of her temple, thrusting her neck back to look up at the ceiling. She stepped away from Nani again, trying to compose herself, holding back the tears of frustration and rejection. 
“Ugh! Nani!” Nora groaned. Nani shook her head in disapproval.
“Why are you egging this on so much? You’re wasting time. Where is he, anyway?”
“I’m wasting time?” Nora scoffed, rushing back over to Nani and shoving her wrists in her face. Vines immediately starting sprouting from them, bending back and latching onto her arms, crawling their way up towards her shoulders. Startled, Nani started crawling backwards up the steps, trying to get away from her.
“What the –“
“Do you believe me now? We could be saving them! Is this enough? Huh? Do I have turn into a giant tree for you to –“
Nora’s rant was cut off by the sound of the front door opening. She spun around, her eyes wide and her mouth agape as the door opened, revealing Xander on the other side. He looked down at Nora, before looking over at Nani with a raised brow. And after several moments of what seemed like disbelief, Nora exhaled, her hands slowly reaching towards Xander as her eyes watered.
“Xander,” Nora breathed. Her breathing quickly turned into sobbing as she moved closer to him. “You’re alive,” she cried. “I thought … I – I was coming to help you. B -But she wouldn’t … She –“
Xander sighed, placing the palm of his hand onto Nora’s forehead, stunning her long enough to get her to stop crying.
“You’re crying again,” he mumbled. Nora’s bottom lip quivered.
“B -But –“
Again, Nora’s whines were interrupted, this time by Loni’s low growl as she walked in beside Xander, her head, level with Nora’s thigh, wedged its way between them. Xander rolled his eyes, nudging his guardian’s neck with his own outer thigh. Nora breathed a laugh as she knelt down, now eyelevel with Loni, who took a slight step back in surprise, her nostrils flaring. Her fangs made an appearance when Nora’s arms suddenly came wrapping around her neck.
“I’m even happy to see you, Loni,” Nora admitted as she nuzzled her head against Loni’s fur. Loni noticeably stiffened, her jaw closing and her eyes snapping up to Xander with concern. He couldn’t help but let out a laugh as he crossed his arms.
“You thought we were dead?” he laughed, reveling in the sight of Loni’s discomfort. Nora pushed herself back onto her feet, wiping her eyes.
“I saw blood when you left. I thought –“
Again, Nora was interrupted by the clearing of Elba’s throat as he stepped around the lioness. 
“Yes, I believe that was our fault,” Elba apologized, stepping around Loni and straightening his suit before looking up. His eyes found Nora’s vine-covered arms before they found her honey eyes. His movements slowed considerably as his face scrunched in confusion. “What in the hell …” he mumbled under his breath.
Realizing, Nora quickly hid her arms behind her back, her vines immediately retreating as she stood alert. Elba held a slight frown as he glanced over at Nani, who had fainted in the mists of all the commotion. What with the revealing of her mutant ex-girlfriend, the alien prince, his pet lion, and a government agent, she couldn’t really be held at fault. Elba sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose with a slight shake of his head. 
“I’m getting too old for this crap.”



	“Chimera,” Elba repeated. 
Nora nodded hesitantly, her hands shifting nervously in her lap. She was finally doing what she needed to – informing the authorities about what was on the horizon. And she was doing it without the feared gun to her head. Xander stood beside her to make sure of that, while Loni roamed the premises with agent Borges keeping a close eye. 
“How many of you are there?”
“What do you mean?”
“What do you mean what do I mean?” Elba grumbled. “Chimera. How many are there?”
“There are victims and there are recruitments, agent Elba,” Nora clarified with a stiff upper lip. “It’s crucial to know the difference.”
Elba paused only briefly as he exhaled, his lips forming a frown.
“I asked how many there are, not whose side they’re on.”
“Well I don’t know an exact number. I left. I don’t get newsletters.”
Elba crossed his arms.
“That you know of.”
“Eight,” Nora sighed. “Including myself.”
“And the ‘victims’?”
“Three.”
“Including yourself.”
“Yes.”
“And just how many more Chimera do you think this guy plans on making?”
Nora grimaced.
“He won’t stop.”
Elba expression hardened, silently keeping track of the military force that could possibly be needed if the numbers got too great.
“He plans on taking this nationally?”
“Globally,” Nora grimly corrected.
“And what for? What’s the motive? World domination?”
“He wants a revolution,” she explained. “An evolution. Mankind’s next evolution.”
“What, he thinks he’s helping?” Elba turned to his left in his seat, turning on the confiscated security footage of the lab at the community college. 
It featured the Chimera known as Stephanie with her hand wrapped around the late Cynthia Brown’s neck, visibly draining the life from her. Her colleague was already dead on the floor. Elba stopped the video just as soon as he had stared it, his eyes narrowed in aversion as he looked back at the slightly cringing Nora.
“He calls this helping?” Elba re-uttered. “I call it murder. And so does the majority of the population.”
Nora frowned, staring at the frozen footage.
“They call it Darwinism.”
“Victims. Where are they and what are their abilities?”
“He’s got them in volts in the far ends of the forest – heavily guarded. There’s Eleanor – she can see truth. Sense it. A human lie detector. Or – well, not anymore. And Theodore – the mechanical shapeshifter. He can transform any or all parts of his body into any weapon he knows the ins and outs of.”
Elba gave a slow nod, re-crossing his arms in consideration.
“I can see why they’ve got him locked up. But you? Eleanor? A tree hugger and a woman that can’t lie.”
“It doesn’t matter what we can do,” Nora argued. “it’s the fact that we’re against him.”
“And I wouldn’t underestimate the power of nature – nor truth,” Xander spoke up. “I’ve heard of your ‘natural disasters’, and it seems you do that quite often.”
“Touché,” Elba complied. “I’m assuming you were locked up as well,” he said, directed towards Nora.
“Yes.”
“How did you escape?”
Nora paused. “They confined me in a place of nature and expected it to contain me.”
“Right … Well, do you think you could lead a team to these locations to recruit the other Chimera?”
“Why do you want them?”
“Don’t you? If we’re going to stop this guy, I’m guessing using his creations against him will do some damage.”
Nora hesitated, glancing up at Xander who seemed to be agreeing with him. Her hands tightened in her lap.
“I need your word that you won’t hurt them. If they’re any level of afraid as I was, any sense of a threat will only –“
Elba raised his hand to stop her, giving a nod and a slight grin of understanding.
“Yeah, we’ve learned the hard way about that. With now two Athenians.”
“And two Guardians,” Xander added.
 “We won’t make the same mistake with Chimera.”
Nora gave a slow nod of easing relief.
“That’s why you and spark plug here are going to go get them,” Elba continued.
Nora’s face fell, while Xander’s perked up. 





Chapter 16


“Are you sure this is it?” Xander asked, blindly following Nora through the shockingly dense forest, far on the outside of town. 
Nora grimaced, keeping her pace. She actually wasn’t sure. But it was her best bet of direction in where the vault was. 
Nora was to be stationed at the South end, furthest away from Clemming because of her outspoken protest against the project, and her verbal threats to expose it. 
Theodore was stationed at the west end, which was where they were headed now. And Eleanor was stationed at the east end, which was their next stop. 
“I know it’s somewhere in the west of the forest,” Nora stated, glancing back at Xander. “We can’t be too far.”
“Why don’t you climb a tree and see over head?”
Nora’s neck craned upwards as she looked at the sky. A chill ran through her as she gave her head a shake, and picked up her pace. Nature-woman or not, heights were not her thing.
“It’s not far, now. Any minute we should see some sort of –“
Nora was cut off by the sound of a distant, but warning growl. Far bigger, and far louder than anything that was normally found in the wooded areas. They both froze in their steps, Nora’s eyes far wider than Xander’s. Nora looked back, slowly, cautiously, at Xander, who was curious of the sound more than anything. 
“Is … Loni joining us?” Nora asked, hopeful that the frightful noise had at least come from a source that could be controlled. But seeing Xander scoff in laughter made Nora’s blood run cold. 
“She’s with your authorities.”
Nora sighed, her eyes closing momentarily as that glimpse of hope fell away. She had stopped walking, while Xander slowed to a stop beside her, wondering why.
“What was that?” he questioned, looking out into the distance, which with the appearance of the low growl, seemed to be that much closer. 
“Not Loni.”
“What?” Xander’s brows furrowed. “I’ve just said that it’s not –“
A rustling in the near distance interrupted Xander’s miniature rant. They both looked its direction, Nora taking a step back upon seeing the figure of Halyn. She smirked, her head tilting some as she stepped away from and in front of the tree beside her. 
“Well, I’ll be damned,” she said in amusement as she took a few more steps towards the two. She glanced between them, slowly nodding. “You’re really trying to go through with this,” she scoffed. “And you brought help. Where’d you find this poor fool?”
Xander’s brows rose in offense, followed by his challenging step forward. Nora grabbed onto his sleeve warningly, not wanting to prematurely underestimate the situation. Halyn snickered. 
“And he’s eager to die.” She crossed her arms, shaking her head. “Lupin’s got a bounty on you, Nora.”
Nora was silent as her gaze shifted between Xander and Halyn. Xander was still glancing about, as well as studying her, in search for the source of the noise. She stepped back, closer to Xander, making Halyn snicker. 
“You’re in over your head. You should have gone back with Richard. Or at least let him finish you off. At least he would have made it quick. I won’t be so nice.”
The blunt threat drew Xander from his nonchalant posture, his eyes hardening into a glower. He stepped forward, and as a reflex of wanting protection, so did Nora. She gripped his sleeve as she saw his lips straighten into a hard line. 
“Xander …” came the sheepish voice of Nora. She knew enough to know that threats were not taken lightly by Xander.
“Richard mentioned you,” Halyn commented as she stepped forward, matching Xander. “The walking sparkplug. Are you one of the doctor’s?”
“Like hell I am,” Xander practically spat. Halyn’s head rested on a tilt. 
“Hm. Regardless. This is where your rescue mission ends,” she said, inching forward towards them. 
Xander matched her steps, while Nora continued tugging on his sleeve, desperately wanting to avoid the confrontation. 
“We’ll see.”
“Xander,” Nora complained, standing back as he stepped forward to accept the challenge. “What are you going to do, kill her?”
Xander paused, looking back at Nora with an arched brow.
“Would you prefer her alive?”
“Well – if we could get her to –“
“To change my mind?” Halyn laughed. “Let me be the one to suggest the ladder.”
“Halyn, you don’t have to do this. You don’t have to side with him,” Nora pleaded.
 “You’re ungrateful, Nora,” Halyn argued. “You’ve been given a gift.”
“Not everyone will be so lucky.”
Halyn shrugged. 
“We’ve all got to go sometime.”
Nora grimaced as Xander continued his slow pace forward, the two closing the distance between each other. Xander stopped a couple of yards from Nora, slightly turning back to look at her for her decision, which he would respect, regardless of what it was. Still she was hesitant, not wanting it to have to come to her death. Xander gave a soft sigh, understanding.
“Prisoners, then,” Xander concluded. Halyn laughed.
“You’re pretty confident.”
“While I’m dealing with her, you continue to the vault,” Xander instructed. 
Nora straightened her posture, becoming alert at the command. She gave a tense nod as Xander and Halyn began to circle one another. Halyn didn’t bother to give a response, her mocha skin darkening, highly contrasting her lightening hazel eyes. Opening her mouth to grin, her slightly extended canines were revealed. 
Her changing appearance perplexed Xander, causing him to slow down in their standoff. His eyes narrowed, and then widened as her body began to shift. Nora took several wary steps back as she saw the appearance of the black jaguar, the golden nose ring she had been sporting now in her left ear. Xander eventually slowed to a stop to watch the feline prowl around him, admittedly amazed. 
The connection between the sound and Halyn dawned on him as she snarled, her fangs barring as her head ducked below her shoulders. And he couldn’t help but smile, the comparison of the black feline to his tan one almost uncanny. Loni had Halyn beat in size. But that expression of ‘I’m going to kick your ass’ was anyone’s call.
“Fascinating,” Xander breathed, watching her every move as she circled him in agile steps. Nora frowned.
“Focus, Xander,” Nora warned. “I highly doubt your curiosity is going to kill the cat.”
Xander’s brows scrunched at the phrase, his literal comprehension failing him. He turned towards her, frowning at, what to him, was stupidity.
“What?”
But before Nora could explain or dismiss the saying, they were both alerted by the much louder growl of Halyn as she charged at Xander, leaping when she felt she had closed enough distance. Xander pivoted his body back and to the left, narrowly escaping a clawed blow to the face. 
He laughed, backing away from Halyn as she landed, hurriedly turning around and growling as she began stalking towards him again. Xander bounced from foot to foot, his hands raising in slightly curled fists, imitating a boxer. 
“Too slow,” chimed Xander. “My cat’s faster than you.”
Halyn snarled and charged again, this time sticking to the ground. She lunged forward with an open jaw, wanting to bite down on Xander’s calf. Nora whined at how close she got before Xander jumped over her, kicking off her back and landing back on the ground, bouncing again. 
Halyn spun around and charged without pause, but let out a howling whine when she was struck with a volt of electricity. She tumbled to the ground, her body spazzing momentarily. Nora watched with wide eyes, unable to look away from the anxiety-building scuffle. But Xander snapped her back into focus.
“Nora!” he shouted as Halyn struggled to get back to her feet. 
Nora’s eyes snapped to his, before she took off in the direction of the vault. Halyn growled in response, violently shaking her head to rid her of the aftershock of the voltage. Her eyes narrowed at the cocky Xander as Nora was seen running off into the distance. 
“They’re going to be picking you out of my teeth,” Halyn snarled. 
Xander’s eyes widened in amusement, his lips spreading to house his smile.
“You can talk!” he shouted in marvel, before spinning out the way of another attempt to charge at him. 
She swung her forearm out when he moved, this time successful in nicking him in the side. Xander winced as pivoted again to avoid another blow. He frowned at the sting he felt along his ribs, shooting another volt into her body. Again, she howled as her body spazzed against the ground, her pupils dilating. 


	Meanwhile, Nora as steadily approaching the vault containing her friend – the human war-tank, Theodore Rossey. Periodically, she’d look back over her shoulder, making sure that Halyn wasn’t closing in behind her, thereby signifying Xander’s defeat, an most likely her own. But each time, she saw nothing. And even still, each time she looked, she felt the need to push herself further – faster. 
Until finally, she came across a large metal vault – cube-like in design. It looked as though someone had dropped a giant safe in the middle of the woods. Down to the tumbler on the door – which was now unguarded. Nora exhaled a breath of relief as she came upon the clearing. She ran right up to the door, practically colliding with it. Her hands came slapping against it as she panted.
“Theo?” she called out. “Theodore!”
From within the solitary vault, Theodore, chained and bolted to the vault’s bare floor, heard the muted calling of his name. His head slightly turned in the door’s direction, his eyes full of both hope and caution. His body shifted, rustling the chains that held him. Hearing his name again, the voice registered with him, making his heart thud against his ribcage with sudden adrenaline.
“Nora?” he croaked, just above a whisper.
“Theo, you in there?” Nora shouted, banging against the vault’s door repeatedly. 
Theodore shifted again, rising to his feet – the chains connecting his collar to the floor straining and testing its length. He grunted, shuffling about to comfortably use the length of the chains.
“I’m here!” he said after clearing his throat. “I’m here!” he called desperately.
Hearing a response, however low it was from inside the dense walls of the vault, Nora sighed, her hands shifting on the door’s surface with hope.
“Hey, Theo,” she said with somewhat of a relieved laugh. “We’re here to bust you out.”
Theodore’s brows furrowed, his eyes bouncing around the inside of the vault in wonder.
“We?”


********

	“What are you?” Halyn spat at Xander, her body constantly twitching from the several volts of electricity she had been made to endure.  Xander was still bouncing lightly from foot to foot.  
“Not a Chimera,” Xander taunted. 
Halyn growled, her eyes narrowing at the avoidance of her question. She was stumped as to how Xander was doing what he was doing. She had only one idea, and he had insisted on shooting it down, which was proving to cause irritation. The doctor hadn’t said anything about another run-away Chimera, which she was almost certain Xander was.
“Lies.”
“Truth,” Xander insisted. 
Halyn stomped her paw into the ground, as a means to appear threatening. But Xander merely stood, looking at her, waiting for something to happen. And indeed, it did. Her body began to morph again, this time taking a bigger form – one of a black bull. Xander’s brows rose, almost in shock as Halyn huffed, the golden nose ring she had been sporting now fashioning as a thick bullring. Her hoof dug into the ground, grinding against it as her head shook, her tail whipping behind her. Xander gave a slow nod.
“Very fascinating. I don’t think Loni can do that.”
Halyn huffed, beginning to charge. Xander winced in anticipation, his confidence wavered ever so slightly.
“Don’t think her fangs are that long, either,” he added, glancing at the size of her horns.
He ran to the side, being followed by the clearly enraged Halyn, who had come accustomed to easy prey. She swerved with his movements, trying to impale him in the process and failing. 
He couldn’t help but to laugh off his nerves as the bull constantly charged after him, leaving him little to no time to come up with a counter attack, or aim for one, for that matter. And just as he had set up a stance when sparing with Sven and his spears, Xander came up with the idea to head for a wall – in this case, a tree. 
And Halyn, being so focused on impaling Xander’s body, didn’t even notice. Not until Xander ran up the thick trunk of the tree, leaving Halyn to pierce her horns into its bark, stabbing clear through to the other side. Xander, holding on to a branch above, watched as Halyn huffed and roared in rage as she tried to jerk her horns from the tree.
Xander dropped down on Halyn’s head, his hands lowering to her bullring and taking hold to send another volt of electricity. Again her body spazzed about, letting out a whine of pain as Xander leap from her back onto the ground. And when he turned around, he was looking into her eyes, now held by the body of a black bear, the nose ring now fashioning as a golden fang.
Again, Xander looked on in amazement at yet another change.
“It’s really a shame you’re on the wrong side,” he said with genuine disappointment.
Halyn gave a roaring growl as she ran at Xander again. Xander frowned, both amazed and troubled at her resiliency. He couldn’t up his voltage, less he risk killing her as Nora feared. But with the levels he was currently dishing out, it would take several hours to properly ware her down enough to contain her. 
And so, he thought of killing two birds with one stone, so to speak. Seeing as though Nora had not yet returned with her friend, he figured that she too was in need of some assistance. He sighed, quick stepping to the side with a bounce, rocking back and forth between his feet before leaping up over Halyn’s attack.
“Come on, you overgrown teddy bear,” he mocked, stepping down on her head and using it to push off of to sprint into the thick of the woods. 
Halyn snarled, whipping around and charging after him. He lead her into the direction Nora had taken off in, hoping that the vault was close. 

********

	“I don’t know if I can do that,” Theodore regrettably called to Nora, who was working on a way to get him out of the vault. 
She had suggested that Theodore change into a machine big enough to break the walls of the vault, but Theodore was second-guessing his abilities. 
“You’ve got to try, Theo. We’ve got to get you out of here.”
“Who’s we? Is Eleanor out there with you?”
“No, we’re going to get her next. I’ve found someone to help. To help us.”
“Who? What makes you think they can help us?”
“Well … He’s –“
“Come on! Is that the biggest you’ve got?” hollered the voice of Xander. “I’ve seen bigger turtles!”
Nora turned in the direction of his shouting, her brows furrowed as she squinted into the distance. Her eyes drifted around the area before widening, as her feet felt the sudden trembling within the ground. She stepped back against the door of the vault, her eyes now glued to the ground as she watched the bouncing of small rocks. Her head snapped back up when hearing the screeching of what sounded like an elephant, her eyes widening further as the trembling grew more violent. 
“Nora? What is that? What’s going on?” Theodore called from the inside, also feeling the tremble in the floor of the vault. 
Nora shook her head in denial as she saw the trees within the denser area of the forest shake violently as they approached, some of the trees even falling. She let out a shaky breath, her own body mimicking the trembling of the forest floor as Xander came running through the opening of the trees. 
She stared in disbelief at the wide smile on his face as he rushed towards her. She shook her head, backing up further into the vault’s door as his arms opened. Her eyes drifted away from Xander, moving up to the large black elephant, one tusk of ivory and one tusk of gold, that came charging through the trees towards them. Again, Halyn screeched as she reared her head to the side, aiming her tusks for an attack. 
Nora whimpered as she stood frozen, until Xander used the magnetic property on her belt to fling her into his arms. He adjusted her properly before throwing her into the air, running up the wall of the vault and launching himself into the air after her with its magnetic repel. 
The now screaming Nora landed in his arms as they flew higher, out of reach of the stampeding elephant. She flailed as he wrapped his arms around her, hitting against his chest, damn near in tears.
“N – Wh – You’re crazy!” she screamed at him over the sound of crunching metal. He merely smiled at her as they swayed in the air. 
“Got the box open, didn’t I?” Xander chuckled as they began their freefall back down, causing another scream from Nora as she was adjusted once again in his arms to be slung over his shoulder. 
She shut her eyes from the fall as Xander carefully landed on the head of the now grudging Halyn. In her blinding rage, she had charged right into – and through the vault, leaving Theodore standing in shock and terror. Xander knelt on Halyn’s head, flattening his palm against the crown and sending one final, significantly larger volt of electricity to her skull. Presuming the mass of her current form, he figured she would be able to withstand it. And he was right. Her body, remaining in the form of an elephant fell limp against the ground, but sustained its pulse. 
Sensing the stillness of Halyn’s body, Xander gently set Nora down beside him as he looked around at the damage and the man standing in the middle of the exposed vault. He sighed, smiling as he nudged the trembling Nora against her shoulder before waving to Theodore. 
“Hello,” Xander called to him. Theodore gave a hesitant wave, hands still shackled. “I’m Xander.” 


Chapter 17


	“Alien, huh?” Theodore asked again, his southern twang smothering his words. 
He, Xander, and Nora were making their way over to Eleanor’s vault, and making good time. They had gotten Theodore ahead of schedule, landing them around noon. Xander, though injured, insisted on continuing the retrieval instead of wasting another day. Xander had offered Theodore to go back to the base when they came for Halyn, but he insisted on coming along, wanting to repay them for rescuing him. Nora had explained to Theodore what they’d intended to do, and he was all too happy to participate in stopping Lupin from ruining more lives. 
“Is it really so hard to believe?” Xander asked with a bit of a chuckle as they hiked through the forest.  
“Almost as hard as believing we’re mutants.”
“Well, see – I don’t have a hard time believing that at all.” Theodore paused at the response. “So what’s your story? What brought you into the doctor’s office?” Xander asked, granting Theodore his curiosity. Theodore frowned, averting his eyes. 
“Trauma,” he said bluntly.
“What kind of trauma?” Xander asked shamelessly. 
Nora stopped ahead of them, looking back at Xander and catching his attention. She held a scolding stare, making Xander bounce his eyes between them. Theodore kept walking, passing Nora as she continued to stare.
“What?” Xander asked as he would his mother. Nora shook her head.
“Let’s just focus on getting Eleanor, okay?” she suggested.
Xander walked up to Nora’s side.
“But I was just –“
“They’ll both tell us their stories when they’re ready to. Don’t pressure them about it. I’m sure they’re all very personal.”
“But shouldn’t we know?”
“We will. It doesn’t have to be right this minute.”
“I was just making conversation.”
“Well, choose a different topic.”
“Guys,” came the grim voice of Theodore, who had stopped several yards ahead. 
Both Nora and Xander looked in his direction – Nora’s anxiety immediately kicking up a notch. 
Just in front of Theodore, lay the evidence of the two Chimera that were guarding Eleanor’s vault. What was once a lush field of various plant-life, was now scattered with snow and thin sheets of ice – the areas spreading. The wind picked up as Nora and Xander made their way to Theodore’s side. His frown was prominent as he looked on at the two Chimera that were smiling in response. 
One, Yang, identified by his silver hair and black eyes, was standing directed in front of the vault, arms crossed as he leaned on its door. While the other, Yin, identified by his raven black hair and silver eyes, was off to Yang’s left, somewhat in the foreground. He was responsible for the abrupt change in weather.
“Shit,” Nora breathed as her eyes met Yin’s. 
Xander glanced at them both, not particularly bothered by either. Though he would have preferred to stay in the nice temperature. He felt the subtle sting of his wound protesting the cold. 
“You owe me twenty,” Yang said to his other half. Yin scoffed, stepping to his right, more in front of Yang.
“Halyn can never do anything right,” Yin scowled with a slight shake of his head. “Hello, Theodore.” His eyes bounced to Nora with a devilish smile. “Nora.”
“And Xander,” Xander brazenly added. 
Yin raised a brow, giving a fraction of a nod as he looked over Xander’s features. 
“And you, oddly-coloured individual.”
Xander’s face twisted, his mouth flopping open in silent protest. 
“Oddly –“ Xander’s index figure jabbed in Theodore’s direction. “We are the same complexion!” 
“Not the colours he was referring to,” Yang spoke up, pushing off the wall and stepping forward to line up with Yin. “But we’re getting off subject.”
“Ah, yes –“ Yin agreed, nodding.
“— your deaths,” Yang finished. 
Xander shook his head, lowering his hand and glancing over at Nora, who was standing noticeably still next to Theodore, who looked like he was ready to put up a fight.
“Why – What is it with them and killing? I just fought a big cat, an elephant, a bear, and some other horned animal to keep that woman –“
“You’re disrupting the master’s plans,” Yang interrupted. 
“To make more Chimera?” Theodore questioned.
“To give mankind the revolution it’s been waiting for,” Yin answered.
“The evolution that will change everything,” Yang added.
“Not everyone will make it, Toji,” Nora pleaded. 
“It’s Yin and Yang, now,” both Yin and Yang corrected.
“People die every day. This is no different,” Yang added.
“You know that’s not true!” Nora shouted, taking an unconscious step forward into Xander’s arm, which he had raised to keep her at bay.
“You know it is, and you’re trying so desperately to find a significant difference,” Yang insisted. 
“It’s murder.” 
Yang shrugged.
Nora pressed against Xander’s arm. He moved closer to her, almost surprised at her sudden aggression.
“Nora,” Xander warned, 
“You guys got any other people coming along to help us?” Theodore asked warily, slowly making his way closer to them as Yin and Yang drew closer together. Xander looked in his direction. “We may need it.”
Xander raised a brow, giving a slight scoff as he glanced back in the twins’ direction.
“Amazing you still find the need to underestimate me,” Xander answered, lowering his arm from Nora’s rising chest. Her eyes still locked on those of Yin’s. 
“You may be the one underestimating us,” Yang cautioned as he extended his hand out towards Yin, who did the same. 
And as they did, there were two lines of what looked like coloured winds that flew between them, sparking Xander’s attention – as well as Nora and Theodore’s. From Yin’s hand came a stream of an almost silver white – similar to the snow he had been laying down previously. From Yang’s hand came a stream with a reddish tint. The conclusion of heat was only made relevant when the snow at his feet began to melt, while the snow around Yin’s feet began to thicken.
Theodore scowled as he took a step back while Nora and Xander stood where they were, looking on. Nora’s eyes were filled with angst, while Xander’s were filled with wonder. He couldn’t help but feel a sense of astonishment at seeing the Chimera in action. Especially these two, which seemed to have sprouted from the same human, and result with two completely separate bodies. 
It took the wind picking up around them for Xander to snap back into the mindset of preparing to fight. He nudged Nora, who blinked rapidly before looking at him. He nodded to her, before looking over at Theodore who returned his glance.
“You guys are joining in this time.”
Nora sighed with reluctance as Theodore nodded in understanding, his gaze falling back to the twins. He raised his arms, which promptly turned into large barreled guns. Xander’s eyes widened for a moment before he laughed, giving an exaggerated nod. An excited current sparked his arms as he pumped his arm in premature victory. 
“Awesome!” he exclaimed.
“Xander!” Nora screamed as she raised her arm, summoning a thick wall of compact dirt in front of them both, blocking the large spear of ice from hitting its mark. 
Xander’s eyes locked on the shield of dirt as he bounced from heel to heal, breathing short breaths as he mentally pumped himself up. Nora grimaced at his seemingly carefree attitude. And although he did manage to take down Halyn, she was still wary about Yin and Yang. 
“Xander, be –“
Before Nora could finish her warning, Xander was climbing up the dirt wall. He dug his foot into the top of the wall before jumping over it and charging for the two across the clearing. Nora gasped and lowered the wall, cracking the ice spear in half as a result as she looked on in horror, he hand outstretched. 
“Xander!” she shouted after him.
“Come on!” Xander shouted out at he ran closer. 
Yin smirked as he approached, shifting both his hands and aiming them at Xander. Yang narrowed his eyes at Yin when he broke the connection, scowling disapprovingly as he built and launched another ice spear.
“Bring it,” Yin taunted, moving closer. 
Xander picked up his speed, ducking forward to doge the incoming spear, which sent it towards Nora as a result. She gasped, moving to throw her hands up to cover herself, screaming when the spear was shattered by the sudden piercing of a bullet from Theodore. She exhaled, gratefully looking towards Theodore who was coming up beside her, his gun-arms pointed straight and aimed at the twins. 
Yin fired spear after spear, aiming for the approaching Xander who was closing the distance between them with every step. He raised his hands, charging them before firing some electrical attacks of his own aimed at the both of them. Yin moved to the side, summoning a sheet of ice to rise in front of him and deflect the voltage. While Yang rushed to move away from the flying spark.
“Yin,” he scowled, wanting to reconnect to enhance their power, only to be ignored.
Yin wanted to show off against this new enemy. After forcing the sheet of ice back into the ground, his dug his fingers into it, and let the ice spread along the surface of the ground, almost covering its entirety – aside from the immediate area around Yang. 
Xander’s eyes widened as he suddenly felt himself slipping uncontrollably. He frowned, gritting his teeth as he tried to regain control of his movements. Yin smirked as he saw the slip in control, and sent another round of spears hurtling towards him. Xander flailed as he tried to move out of the way, though unable to do so. 
Seeing this, Nora rushed forward, gearing her hands upwards repeatedly to summon several walls of compact dirt to stop what spears she could. And those she could not reach in time were shot down by Theodore, who was rushing forward for his shot at Yang at the same time. 
Yin scowled at the help provided while Xander smiled, regaining his footing and using the ice to aid in his speed. He rushed at Yin, who leaned back in disbelief, his arms coming up to defend himself as they collided with one another to fight face to face. 
“Cheap trick,” Xander scoffed as he threw a punch. 
Yang took several steps back as he prepared for the collision with Theodore, who had begun firing his shots towards him. Yang shot small, but powerful rounds of fire to meet each bullet, causing them to explode before reaching him. But Nora called out to Theodore, stopping his gunfire.
“Don’t kill them!” she urged, carefully stepping onto the ice in Theodore’s direction.
Theodore frowned, hesitating before complying with Nora’s wish and returning his arms back to their natural state. Yang smirked, snickering as he slowly started making his way towards Theodore, the ice beneath him melting with each step he took.
“Quite the gentlemen,” he’d compliment.
Theodore’s eyes narrowed as his hands gripped into fists. He huffed, looking down at the ice, trying to think of the most efficient way to reach him. He glanced over at Xander and Yin, who were brawling amongst themselves. Both parties under the watch of Nora, who was also trying to think of a way to rid the ground of the troublesome ice. 

She glanced down at it, her foot spreading out against it. Concentrating, she pressed her foot down against the sheet, not hard enough to crack it, but enough to steady herself for what she was about to try and do. It took a moment, but soon enough, the grass from beneath the ice began getting thicker, accompanied by several roots that she had begun bringing to the surface. Together they started cracking the ice in various places, and providing at least some areas of travel for Theodore.
Noticing the opening, Theodore made his way closer, being egged on by Yang, who had given up on reconnecting with Yin, and was instead focusing on his own battle. His hands heated up as he paced forward, his steps being matched by Theodore’s as his hands shifted into that of two large mallets. 
Meanwhile, Yin was slowly lacking in his ability to keep up with Xander’s punches. He’d yet to send another shock, as he was enjoying himself in their hand to hand. He was admittedly impressed with Yin’s ability to keep up with the speed he was going. Which, granted, wasn’t his fastest, but was still faster than a normal fight.
“I gotta give it to you guys,” Xander said between shuffles. “You know how to hold your own.” 
“Did you think we’d go untrained?” 
“Who trained you?”
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” Yin mused as he swiveled a round-house kick towards Xander’s chest, coating his foot in a strong sheet of ice as it made contact, knocking Xander off his feet and onto the ice-coated ground. 
It cracked under his weight and force, and was further disturbed when he rolled out of the way of another downwards kick. It was when Yin’s foot made contact with the chilled ground that Xander rolled back and took hold of his ankle, sending a round of volts through his body. 
Yin shouted in pain as his body crumbled to the ground, grabbing Yang’s attention in the process, who was focusing on dodging Theodore’s attacks. Seeing Yin’s fall and spazzing body, he scowled as he aimed his hands at Theodore, who was cocking his hand back for another attack. 
From Yang’s hands came an immense amount of hot steam. Hot enough for severe burns. Theodore cringed away from him, immediately feeling the intensity on his skin. During his retreat, Yang rushed over towards Xander as he got to his feet, Yin still twitching on the ground.
“Hope that wasn’t too much,” Xander mumbled to himself as he watched Yin, who was beginning to grunt as he tried to gain control over his nerves. 
Seeing Yang charging over, Nora shouted a warning to Xander, getting him to look up as he bent down to pick up Yin. Immediately he raised his arms in defense as Yang blew another pocket of steam, this time funneled into a wind to knock Xander away. 
“Get up,” Yang scowled, looking back and down at his other half, who was on his hands and knees, body twitching as she struggled to get to his feet.
“You guys are like opposites,” Xander commented, getting back to his feet and slowly approaching the two. 
“My body,” Yin complained, wincing as he was unable to stop the spazzing in his nerves. 
Yang’s eyes narrowed at Xander, before glancing around at the other approaching duo, and then down at Yin. He grimaced, knowing and having seen enough to know what the outcome of the battle would be. He stepped back towards Yin, grabbing his arm and yanking him up onto his feet.
“I don’t think the doctor knew how this was going to turn out. This isn’t going to work,” Yang mumbled to Yin.
“What? We can’t just –“
“Listen. She’s not worth it. They’ve already got Theodore. This is pointless. We need to get out of here while we still can.”
“No, we can do this. Just cover –“
“Yin!” Yang hissed, firmly jerking his arm. “You can barely stand. We need to – argh!”
Yang was cut off by the interjection of his own screaming as he was suddenly dragged to the ground by multiple thick vines. His arms outstretched towards Yin in an attempt to pull himself back, but Nora had him. Several more roots and vines came to join the capture, coiling around him like a constrictor as he struggled. 
Yin reached for him, almost falling where he stood at the sudden lack of support. He rushed to freeze the vines and roots that were capturing Yang, aiding him in breaking those he managed to freeze, but not fast enough to freeze the amount that Nora was summoning.
Knowing this, Yang waved Yin off, accepting the outcome and choosing to conserve his energy.
“Go!” Yang shouted at him.
Yin stopped in a moment of hesitation, unsure of what to do. His body was still recovering from the shock that Xander had delivered, and without the backing support from Yang to face the three advisories. He grimaced, looking around at the three, two of which were beginning to close in on him.
“Now!” Yang ordered. “Tell Lupin! Go!”
“Theodore!” Nora shouted, signaling him to go after Yin before he could run off. 
But in that moment, Yin decided to listen to Yang, a sheet of ice starting a slow crawl onto his feet and up his ankles. He shot a surrounding layer of ice spikes along the ground around him, keeping Xander and Theodore at bay just long enough for him to shot up into the air on a pillar of ice. He shot up from the pillar firing himself into the air and away from the area. Theodore shot at the traveling ice beam, hoping to shoot through it and cause Yin to crash. But enough of the shots missed, allowing Yin to escape.
“Dammit,” Theodore scowled.
“At least we’ve got two of them,” Xander offered, crossing his arms and walking over to the bundled Yang who laid on the ground in his wad of nature. Yang kept his eyes averted from them, his facial expression calm and collected.
“Yeah …” Nora mumbled to herself, glancing up in the direction that Yin had taken off in.
Xander turned around to face the vault before glancing back over his shoulder at Yang.
“What’s the code to this thing?” he asked him. 
Yang remained silent, refusing to look at or answer Xander, to no surprise. Xander paused a moment, giving him the opportunity to change his mind about answering. He gave a slight nod, pouting his lips in consideration as he looked back at the sealed metal vault.
“Fine. Don’t tell me,” he accepted. “I’m going to need you both to back up a bit.”
It was then that Yang looked up at Xander in curiosity and an underlining level of suspicion. Nora and Theodore shared his expression as they looked to one another.
“What are you going to do?” Theodore asked, remembering how he had manipulated Halyn into crashing through his own vault. 
Xander gave a soft shrug, rolled his shoulders as he raised his hands to focus on the vault and its contents. He sensed Eleanor’s figure inside, and was able to detect the only metal she had on her person – the clasps on a pair of pearl earrings. He left their magnetism alone and began focusing on the four walls and ceiling of the vault. Not getting an answer, Nora grew wary, looking from the vault to him.
“Xander?” she pressed.
“She’ll be fine.”
“But what are you going to do?”
“I’m going to tear this thing apart.”
“But Eleanor’s –“
“Haven’t you learned to trust me, yet?” Xander said over his shoulder.
Nora swallowed, staring intently at him, before her eyes drifted to Theodore. He made no gesture of assurance or skepticism – merely looked to see what she wanted to do. After a moment Nora gave a stiff nod, taking several steps back and moving Yang with her. Theodore followed, his eyes locked on the vault before them. Yang looked on in pure curiosity, wondering about the power that Xander was about to show. He couldn’t help but wonder what Lupin wasn’t telling him. What he wasn’t telling anyone.
Xander rolled his shoulders again, getting back into the focus of aiming his power after securing Nora and the others of his intentions. He eyed the metal vault, spreading his fingers evenly as he got a sense for the metallic density of each side of the vault.
Slowly, Xander’s fingers coiled into the palms of his hands, creating two fists. As they did, the sound of the bolts and screws that held the volt together tightening and creating pressure could be heard. The metal bucked and clanked in protest to the violation. Xander pressed his right foot into the ground, taking a deep breath as he slowly began to change each of the walls’ magnetic properties. He was turning them against themselves, causing them to want to push away from each other. 
And then with a sudden surge of strength and precision, Xander’s hands jerked to his sides, and all walls of the vault flew from one another, the ceiling flying up and landing with the back wall. The front of the vault, which held the door came flying towards Xander, but stopped just six inches away. It stood tall for a moment, before falling back onto the ground with a thud, and providing a view of Eleanor, who stood in the center of her former prison. 
She stood, resembling a child in her bewilderment. Standing at around five feet and nine inches. A wild mess of ginger hair, curling, bending, twisting, and folding around her face and mid-back. Her pale skin caught the sunlight it had been deprived of, almost glowing, and further illuminating her piercing ivory eyes. 
She stood with her hands at her pelvis, wrists bound together with the cuffs that were chained to the floor of the vault that remained. She blinked rapidly, the gust of wind and debris from the wreckage to blame. Her eyes fell upon the small group – to the captured Yang, and then to Xander, Nora, Theodore.
Nora smiled as she slowly raised a hand to provide some sort of comfort and greeting, her heart thumping from the sight she’d just been given. Xander straightened his posture, staring at the woman with approval, not seeing any sign of injury, and noting that her earrings were still intact. He gave a nod and a sigh of content and slight exhaustion.
“That should do it.”


Chapter 18


	“I want one,” said Agent Whitestone as she came to stand beside Agent Elba. 
He was standing with his feet firm and arms crossed, staring ahead at the now contained Halyn. She had been placed in an incubator tube, and was being constantly injected with sedations to keep her dormant. They weren’t sure of the limitations of extensions of her abilities, and they didn’t want her morphing into something big enough to escape and/or wreck their facility. So keeping her under seemed like the best option aside from killing her. 
Elba looked down at her, his lips in their usual hard line. Whitestone giggled as he shook his head.
“Oh, come on,” she insisted. “A pet that could change into any animal you wanted? That’s like owning your own personal Beast Boy.”
“She’s not a pet. She’s an abomination,” Elba pressed. 
“She’s a person,” came the harsh voice of Nora, who was stepping up to join them in front of the holding cell. “That was lied to and given false hope.” Nora looked up into the regretful eyes of Elba, her own fierce in their testimony. “We all are. We just made different decisions afterwards – some better than others.”
“Nora this woman – hell, all of these people tried to kill you.”
“He hasn’t,” Nora argued, patently pointing to Theodore, and then Eleanor. “And neither has she. What about us? Are we abominations?”
“You,” Elba clarified. “Have a moral standing.”
There was a pause between her and them, as Loni waltzed up beside Nora. Arms crossed, she stared at Halyn with distaste, anger prominent in her features. She had tended to Xander’s wounds, but was anything but forgiving to their cause. And knowing that it was a pair of claws – similar to her own - that did the damage, bothered her even more.
“I’m going with you this time,” she announced. 
The group adjusted their attention. Nora nodded with a slight sigh of relief.
“Most likely a good idea.” 
Nora glanced in Xander’s direction, who was sitting with Theodore, lifting up his shirt to examine the bandages that wrapped from his chest around his shoulder. He didn’t even seem bothered by it. And it was apparent by his body language. He was saying something to Theodore, laughing about it, while poor Theodore looked at him like the mad man he was. 
“He seems pretty mellow,” Whitestone commented. Nora turned to her, and followed her fixed gaze on Yang, who sat in a holding cell beside Halyn. 
“I don’t like it,” said Elba.
“Would you rather him thrashing about the place?”
“Almost. He’s too calm. Like he’s plotting.”
“Careful. He might hear you,” Whitestone teased, nudging his arm before walking over to Xander and Theodore. 
“Lupin will send for them,” Nora said gravely. 
Elba’s head whipped back around, his eyes locking in on Nora. Whitestone had turned back around as well, and was watching for Elba’s reaction, more so than her own. Lupin’s eyes were sharp, the connection instantly presenting itself. Nora’s body tensed, seeing the abrupt change in Elba’s body language. She prepared herself to take a step back as he moved forward, his face twisting in his apparent anger.
“Who?”
Nora was hesitant in answering, her discomfort around the man of authority coming back in play. But Elba didn’t need to hear the name again. It made perfect sense. All the things he’d been asking for, pestering them for. The continuous probing for information. Elba grimaced, exhaling and turning to the slightly frowning Whitestone. He raised his arm, before slowly lowering it back down with the addition of his index finger.
“Suit up,” he nearly hollered. Both Xander and Theodore looked towards Elba with somewhat of a twitch. “We do this today.”



	“You getting this, Elba?” Whitestone asked as she, Loni, and Theodore slowly approached the entrance of Lupin’s base.
The facility was made for camouflage – built behind a large waterfall. The cliff the waterfall was protruding from stretched back beyond their view point. There was no telling how deep or intricate the layer was. They had no idea what Lupin was capable of, since they had since decided that to be a whopping nothing. 
Back at the Hive, Elba was staring at the projected screen – showing the journey through the lens of the small camera that was strapped to the choker that Whitestone wore. His signature frown was a little less firm as he glanced around the empty halls of the facility. The onslaught of attacks that he was expecting was nowhere to be found. And while Elba found that to be a relief, Nora, who was standing beside him, was growing increasingly paranoid from its absence. Her head shook slightly, her eyes narrowing and squinting as she searched every area of the camera’s view. 
“Looks like we got lucky,” Elba said gruffly. “No interruptions. Search the place. Every room. No stone left unturned.” 
“Right,” Whitestone responded. “You’re up, Theodore. Guide us.”
“Where is he?” Nora asked more to herself than allowed. 
Nonetheless, the question was heard. Elba dipped his head, glancing over hers. His brow rose in question.
“Problem?”
“Lupin,” Nora clarified with some distress. 
“Gone. Most likely fled when you and Xander were making your rescues. Count your blessings that we don’t have to deal with the rest of the Chimera.”
“But why? Why would he –“
“The man’s scared. He’s been caught,” Elba somewhat bellowed, a little put off by the questioning of the situation.
“Then why is it still standing?”
Elba paused, taking a moment to register the question. His brows pinched, while Eleanor, behind them, stood from her seat, the question raising some concern.
“What?”
“The base? If he’s running, why is it still there? He wouldn’t have left his work to be studied by someone else. Or anything.”
“She’s right,” Eleanor commented, stepping forward. “He would have burnt it down.”
“What if it’s a trap?” Nora suggested in panic, looking up at Elba as his eyes shifted back to the projected screen. 
“She has a point,” came Whitestone’s voice into the microphone. “Maybe it’s a little too quiet.”
“Quiet?” Loni said with some distaste. “Do you not hear that?”
“Hear what?”
“I hear it too,” Theodore agreed. “Spilling liquid of some kind.”
“Busted pipe? Maybe he did some damage after all,” Whitestone suggested. 
“No … It’s not constant.”
“What’s going on over there?” Elba demanded with caution, glancing around the area again in search of the source of the noise they were describing but falling short. 
Whitestone pulled her earpiece from her ear for a moment, letting her ears hone in on the sound, studying it. The group stopped moving to study the sound. Loni’s bright, feline eyes darted about, her ears twitching time and again.
“It’s moving,” she noted. “Towards us.”
Immediately, Whitestone reached for the gun hooked on the back of her belt, preparing herself for any sudden movements or actions. She held it downwards, taking a weary step forward as she pushed her earpiece back in.
“We may have company, Elba,” Whitestone warned.
“Stay alert. We need that serum.”
“What are you going to do with it?” Nora demanded, more than asked at its mentioning. 
“Study it. Maybe there’s a cure.”
Both Nora and Eleanor’s eyes widened at the mentioning of a cure. At a vague shot of hope at being able to return to their normal lives. Their normal functioning’s. But Eleanor’s eyes narrowed, sensing mislead in Elba’s delivery. She stepped closer to them.
“And what else?” she asked. 
Both Elba and Nora turned her way, Nora’s eyes returning to Elba soon after in skepticism. Elba’s eyes lowered before returning to the projected monitor.
“Like I said. Study. If there isn’t a cure, perhaps there’s a way to contain it.”
“There,” came the voice of Loni.
The group, both in the hall and at the Hive fell silent as attention was called to the end of the hall, where the source of the sound had been found, almost as soon as it stopped. A deafening silence filled their ears before the startling hollow thud of a gas container hit the floor, skidding across the tiles towards them. Their eyes fell to it in observation, Whitestone’s shoulders slumping upon seeing the red jug.
“Shit,” Elba grumbled.
The sound of clicking heels came into play as a figure stepped casually from the darkness. The white cat suit she wore hugged Stephanie’s curves purposely, her open frontal zipper braggingly showing off her supple cleavage. Her chin rose as she emerged from the peculiarly placed shadows at the end of the hall, her figure taking on a pose as she came to a stop, her hands perching themselves on her hips. 
Her painted red lips curled into a smirk as she looked over the small group before her. Her hand rose to brush her raven locks behind her shoulder before returning to her hip, her eyes trailing to her left at the arrival of Richard, who had been carrying the jug and leaking its contents. He stood beside her, crossing his arms with a sigh. Theodore grimaced at his arrival, as did Nora, who was looking on with the group at the Hive. 
“Well, well,” Richard exhaled, drumming his fingers on his arm. “You’re a little early.”
“Sucks for you,” came Theodore.
“Well,” Richard sang. “I’d argue it’s the other way around.”
Theodore took a threatening step forward, only to have his arm seized by Whitestone.
“Cool it.”
“They are burning it down,” Nora announced. Elba tightened his crossed arms as Eleanor began to fret.
“The serum,”
“Whitestone,” Elba signaled.
“Yeah, I know,” she answered, glancing towards Loni, who was easing herself into a crouching position. “Loni.” The guardian glanced in her direction. “Think you can track down the serum?” Loni gave a nod, her eyes focusing on the two before them once again. “Then you’re up.” 
“Richard,” Stephanie called, her eyes falling on the slowly moving guardian. “Is that one of ours? Look at her eyes.” She asked.
“Don’t know.”
It was then that Loni made a mad dash towards the end of the hallway. Her form blurred into that of the giant lioness, catching both Stephanie and Richard off guard as she rushed to the side of them.
“Richard!” Stephanie bellowed in frustration. 
He immediately responded, his metal tentacles wiping out and lashing towards Loni. She dodged one, and the other was chopped clean off at the midsection by Theodore, who had rushed forward, his forearms taking the form of two battle axes. Richard scowled and stumbled to his right as Loni pummeled past him, pivoting around the corner and following the trail of gasoline. 
“You’re gonna regret that, hero,” Richard threatened, glaring at Theodore. 
“Doubt it,” Theodore countered. 
“Guess I’ve got blondie,” Stephanie said with a soft sigh, giving Whitestone a wink. 
“Like hell,” she grimaced in response, raising her gun, which was seen in the projected monitor, raising alarm in Nora.
“Don’t! Don’t kill them!” Nora cried, making Stephanie wince at the frequency in her earpiece. 
“What? Why?” Whitestone questioned, pressing against the earpiece as she steadied the gun in her other hand. Elba grimaced.
“Right. We’ve got a Chimera activist over here. You’re gonna have to show off those combat skills you’ve been bragging about, Vivian.”
“Alright transformer,” Richard taunted as he stormed towards Theodore, who eagerly accepted the challenge.
“Finally,” Theodore groaned as he swung his blades around in preparation.
“Careful, Theo,” Whitestone warned, keeping her eyes on the Chimera.
“I wouldn’t focus my attention on them, sweetheart,” Stephanie san as she approached, while Theodore and Richard began their brawl. Whitestone frowned, stepped back as Stephanie drew nearer. She rose her hands, her gun now holstered. Seeing Stephanie approaching from her view on the projected monitor, Nora shouted a warning.
“Don’t let her touch your neck!”
Again, Whitestone cringed from the frequency in her ear.
“Right. Unless you want to die of old age in the next five minutes,” Elba agreed.
Whitestone nodded with a groan, her head tilting from side to side in mild intimidation. 
“Right. The grim reaper’s wife,” she noted.
“How old are you? You don’t look anything over 18. Such small pores …” Stephanie gawked.
“And you? How many years have you stolen?”
“Me? I’ll be 21 forever.”
“Uhuh,” Whitestone hummed, starting a gentle bounce from heel to heel to raise her reflexes. “There’s a store for that.”
“Where do you think I got this suit?” she taunted before jumping into a running sprint at Whitestone. 
She opened the combat with an aimed kick to her midsection. Whitestone swerved to the side, throwing her forearms up to block a follow-up round of punches, before throwing her own. 
They were avoided when Stephanie ducked down and back. Whitestone quickstepped after her, trying to land a punch to her jaw. But Stephanie took hold of her wrist, stopping it before it could make contact. 
“That’s my money-maker you’re aiming at,” Stephanie chirped as she shot her hands forward, attempting to grab hold of Whitestone’s neck. It was then her hands that took Stephanie’s wrists, fighting to keep her hands at bay.
Meanwhile, Richard was going at Theodore as he had Nora, and Theodore was responding as Xander had. Tentacle after tentacle was sliced off by Theodore’s axes. But more were spawning to take their place, while Richard drew closer, waiting for the opportune moment to switch up his attacks. 
And when Theodore pivoted enough during a chop to cause a delay in correcting his stance, Richard seized his chance. In the instant that Theodore sliced through one tentacle, another swooped in, wrapping around his torso and one of his arms, another wrapping around the other. 
Theodore grunted in pain as the coils constricted. Richard chuckled as he pinned Theodore to the wall, glancing around at the pieces scattered about the floor. He shook his head as Theodore grit his teeth in discomfort and anger. 
“When did you get so violent, Theo?” Richard taunted. “Thought you were a peace-maker now. War hero gone soft.”
“That was before you became terrorists,” Theodore spat through the pain in response.
“Terrorists!” Richard laughed. “Is that what you’ve told these people?”
“Killing innocent people. I went to war against people like you!”
“No,” Richard laughed. “You haven’t.”
Theodore glared, his body producing multiple layers of spikes along his body, piercing the tentacles. Richard backed away as the spikes expanded into blades, slicing through the metal again and allowing Theodore to slide down the wall. As his feet touched the ground, his arms took the shape of guns, aiming at Richard. He responded by wrapping several layers of tentacles around himself, providing a shield for the round of fire that came soon after. 
Seeing his shots deflected, Theodore took his weaponry up a level, his chest shifting and taking the shape of a bazooka and firing immediately. Stephanie’s attention whipped around when hearing the impact the cannon made, and the sounds of pain and injury Richard shouted in return. Richard had been roughly thrown against the hallway wall from the burst, and had fallen to the floor. And in that time, Whitestone made her move for an attack, connecting her foot with Stephanie’s midsection. Stephanie grunted as she skid across the tiled floor. Whitestone rushed over her, straddling her chest. Immediately, she met resistance, Stephanie’s hands coming up to claw at her. Whitestone reached for her wrists, only able to grab one. She pushed it to the floor, scooting up until she was more or less sitting over Stephanie’s neck, one calf holding down the pinned arm, and the other squishing her arm against her head. 
“You’re pretty feisty for an old broad,” Whitestone panted as she reached for her back pouch attached to her belt. 
She was reaching for her tazer, but it was short lived when she felt Stephanie’s calf hook around her shoulder and violently tug her backwards. She groaned as her back slapped against the floor, stinging her spine and the back of her head long enough for Stephanie to make the same move. Whitestone grunted as she felt Stephanie’s weight on her chest, grimacing as she looked up at the baby-faced reaper. 
“And your reaction time sucks for a spring chicken,” Stephanie taunted in response. 
Whitestone’s arms flailed about as she grunted upon the contact of Stephanie’s hands around her neck. She gasped as she felt the draining shock immediately kick in, her hands wrapping around her wrists in an attempt to pry them from her neck. Stephanie smiled, her lids falling as she felt Whitestone’s youth travel through her fingertips, up her arms, and into her body. 
She gritted her teeth as Whitestone struggled, tightening the grip around her neck. Whitestone, hissing as she pulled at her, raised her leg up, kneeing Stephanie in the back hard enough to break her grip on her neck. She immediately rolled over, coughing. She leaned over her arm, her blonde pixie cut swaying beside her cheek, now sporting a gray streak. 
She hurriedly reached behind her in a second attempt to reach her tazer. But again it was interrupted by the pulling of her hair. She shrieked as Stephanie jerked her back towards her, getting a groan from Whitestone as she turned towards her.
“Give me your youth!” Stephanie hissed as she yanked. 
Whitestone gave a sharp jab of her elbow into Stephanie’s ribcage, knocking her away as she held her hand to the roots of her hair.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Whitestone complained as she moved towards the recuperating Chimera, who was flashing hunger in her blue eyes.
“Careful,” Elba ordered, having seen the succession of the attack. “On your toes.”
“Yeah, no shit,” Whitestone scoffed as she and Stephanie slowly circled one another. 

	Reaching the point where the trail of gasoline curved into an open room, Loni slowed considerably as she approached. Her nose crinkled in discomfort. But not from the smell of gasoline in a close space, but because of the lingering and intensifying smell of injury. 
Of blood.
Stopping in front of the open room – whose door was labelled “PROJECT EVOLUTION”, Loni lowered her head to the floor, her nose hovering as its nostrils flared in its observation. And it wasn’t the blood of a Chimera that she was picking up on as she stalked into the room.
There were numerous amounts of file cabinets, computers, and lab equipment spread about the relatively small room. Most of the cabinets had been emptied, computers wiped, and equipment damaged. The damage was not intentional – the computers and equipment. But rather from trial and error. Experiments gone wrong and tests that had failed and backfired. 
Venturing further on two feet, Loni looked around in discomfort, trying to place the smell that she had noticed. Looking around, she was also searching for some remnant of the serum she was told to retrieve. And on one of the tables, she found just that. A puddle – lilac-pink in colour. Inching towards the table, Loni’s eyes narrowed perplexed by the liquid’s colour and odd texture. It was thicker – denser than water, but only barely. 
Loni leaned towards the spill to get a better whiff of it, sniffing about as she would a feline. And almost immediately as she did, she flinched away from it in appall. Her eyes widened in horror as the backside of her hand rose to cover her nose and mouth. Her eyes darted around the room with new and horrific understanding.
“No …” she breathed, reaching for her communicator.

Back at the Hive, Xander’s began to ring. The group turned to look at him as he answered it.
“Loni?” Xander asked, wondering why she was taking the time to contact him in the mists of the mission instead of getting back to Whitestone and Theodore.
“Xander,” Loni urged with a shaky voice. “We have to stop him. We – We no longer have a choice. The option to fail.”
“What are you talking about? Where are you? Did you find the serum?”
“This changes everything. We have to stop him. We can’t – If this gets off this planet –“
Loni’s voice shook in desperation, jarring the normally easy-going Xander. He glanced up at the approaching Elba with a furrowed brow as he listened to his guardian speak.
“Loni. Explain. What are you talking about?”
“Xander, he’s … It’s Saphora. This man is using an Ekechi’s blood to make this serum.”
Xander’s scrunched face paled as it fell in blunt realization, his eyes slowly shifting from the communicator’s screen to Nora and Eleanor. Looking at them with a new set of eyes – and a new underlining of fear. Elba stepped closer, his expression clearly showing distress.
“What did she just say?” he demanded.
But before he could get an answer, the sound of a gunshot, having come from the projected screen, drew their attention. The camera, momentarily blocked, began to show a recognizable body – that had been blocking it. Whitestone grunted as she pushed Stephanie’s still body from atop hers, coughing as she rolled to the side. Her free hand reached up to rub her neck where Stephanie’s hands had been, scowling as she looked at the gradually aging woman.
“Sorry, Nora,” she wheezed. 
“Stephanie,” Richard growled, arms still locked with Theodore’s as Stephanie’s body immediately began to deteriorate, revealing its true age. 
Her skin blotted and wrinkled, her hair thinned and greyed, and her weight and posture fell significantly as she bled out in a whispering silence. Whitestone got to her feet, holstering her gun as she looked on warily at Richard and his worsening temper. He glared in her direction, jerking Theodore from him in a rough shove. Whitestone took an instinctive step back, ready to pull her gun back out.
“Loni,” she called in question, feeling that they’d overstayed their welcome, and also wondering where the lioness had gone.
Richard glanced at them both, now feeling increasingly outnumbered. He scowled, thrusting one of his metal tentacles against the tiled floor with enough momentum to start a spark. The spark leapt onto the gasoline, igniting it on contact and unleashing its flames. Theodore scurried away from the flames, while Whitestone rushed to her right, allowing Richard to dart past her towards the exit. She turned back around as Theodore got to his feet, backing up near her.
“Loni!” she screamed again.
“Loni, the fire. Get out of there!” Xander ordered into the communicator. 
Loni looked behind her, listening to the approaching flames. She looked around swiftly, looking for some way to collect the liquid. It was then she saw a standing case of open shelves, home to two small dented cases, and one open and damaged one, reveal remnants of the pink serum. She grabbed one of the dented cases, stuffing it in her pouch as the fire began crawling into the room. Shutting her communicator and doing the same, she made a mad dash on all fours out of the room, and back towards the group.
“She’s going. They’ll make it,” Xander assured when the communicator’s screen went black.
“The serum?” Nora asked.
“She grabbed something. Most likely.”
“What did she say about the serum?” Elba asked again, staring Xander down. Xander looked up at him at a loss of what to say. He knew he had heard what Loni said, but the gravitation that the situation now provided. He had no idea how to proceed, or how to even combat something like this. Elba frowned, seeing the look of despair on Xander’s face.
“I’m going to ask you again. Where is Saphora?”


































Thank you so much for reading!
I hope you enjoyed. If you did, leave a review on Amazon or shoot me an email on my site!
Saphora vol.3 Redemption is the next in the timeline, followed by Xander vol.2 Revolution.
And now, a sneak peak to Saphora vol.3!


Saphora vs Nessa

Saphora's body flinched every few moments at the sound of weapons clashing and various parts of the castle being under attack. The sound of men and women screaming. Guardians colliding with one another with snarls, growls, and roars of anger. The sound of pain -- death. Saphora's eyes bounced around the walls of the throne room, her chest rising and falling with anxiety. With distinguished fear. And finally, her face a canvas of despair, Saphora turned around to face her mother, who was sitting still on her throne -- eyes fixed forward, full of what looked like sorrow.
"Mom," Saphora practically wept. "What do we do?"
Vida held her expression, not meeting her daughter's pained eyes. 
"What we are doing now."
Saphora's chest heaved in disbelief and refusal.
"We can't just sit here! Will we not help them?"
"I do not have the strength …" Vida solemnly admitted.
"And me? All that training for me to idly stand?"
"Mere weeks of what should have been years."
"Listen to them!" Saphora begged.
She was growing beside herself, shocking both her and Vida. She would have thought she would be happiest tucked away during the hours of war. But standing in the lavishly decorated surroundings of the throne room while listening to her friends and family fight and be killed was tearing her apart. Even if it were solely to die, she wanted -- she needed to get to the battlefield. She needed to contribute. She cringed as her mother's eyes met hers.
"Listen to them," she begged. "We have to help them."
Vida frowned, but said nothing in response. What could she do? She had no doubt that either of them would be the target of many once leaving the safety of the castle. And while she'd be able to defend against a handful, she could not against the masses of Ares' army. And for that reason, she had chosen to stay hidden. For if her people were to see her fall, all hope would be lost to Ares. 
And as for Saphora … if Vida were to see her fall, all her hope would be lost. Keeping her in the throne room with her was selfish attempt to keep her alive. After moments of silence, Saphora turned from her. Vida winced, calling out to her forgiveness.
"Saphora?"
Saphora began her quickstep to the throne room's large double doors. Vida's eyes narrowed as she went.
"Saphora, stop this."
"I can't just stand here. I have to do something -- anything," she insisted, reaching the doors. 
But when she pulled on them, they did not move. They were not locked mechanically, but rather magically. Saphora paused, staring at the doors in question before roughly tugging on them again. 
"Saphora," Vida warned, having been the one to enchant them. 
"Open them," Saphora demanded, continuously pulling on them with growing determination. "Open them!"
"I need you to understand what is happening here," Vida beckoned, beginning to stand. "Come here."
"Open them!" Saphora continued to demand. 
She groaned after failing to pry them open and pushed back from them. Her eyes were dark and tearing as she stared at the thing stopping her from helping her friends. The echoes of the screaming people and clashing fire rang in her ears -- drowning out her mother as her chest heaved. She wouldn't stand by for more death. Slowly, her hands rose and aimed towards the doors. Vida's eyes widened as she watched in realization.
"Saphora!"
With a thrust of her hands to her sides, the doors cracked open. Vida winced, stumbling back into her throne as the enchantment was violently broken. The left door smacked against the inner all of the room, while the other was torn in half, the pieces sliding along the floor -- splinters flying. 
Vida's arm rose to protect her face. When it lowered, she was burdened with the sight of Saphora running down the empty hall. Her hand reached out to her, her face pained as she pushed off the throne and haphazardly rushed down its steps.
"No!" Vida winced, rushing forward. But a voice all too familiar stopped her from going any further. 
"Let the girl go, Vida," Ares encouraged with a taunting voice as she came to stand in another -- less noticeable -- doorway in the side of the room. Vida stood still as Ares walked further into the side of the room. Head high, smirk present. "Don't you want her to meet the rest of her relatives?" Slowly, Vida turned to face her sister. Eyes both grave and wary. Ares smiled, almost giggling. "Or must we all be secrets?"

********

Turning hall after hall, Saphora finally reached a stretch of hallway with multiple bare windows. She skid to a stop in front of one of them, giving a quick glance behind her for her mother or any guards before turning towards the window. Her intention was to jump and fly down to the battlefield. But upon seeing it, Saphora was stopped in her tracks. 
She stood frozen, the breeze of war blowing her hair to her left. And there it was -- the image everyone had been telling her about for some time finally in front of her. Everyone was fighting. She saw every man, woman and guardian fighting without so much as a momentary hesitation. Hydra and Enya, Dakota and Hades, Avani and Ardea. Saphora heard her heart in her ears as it thudded against her chest. Her breathing, in comparison, was short and strained, though panting. 
Her ruby eyes darted about the scene, her hands constantly gripping and releasing the stone windows, her body hesitating to carry out its initial plans. When suddenly there was a tremor in the castle's walls, making Saphora flinch and adjust her attention.

********

"I've kept a secret for quite some time now," Ares said, venom in her tone as she snaked closer to Vida, who stood still. A smile slithered across Ares' lips. "You're not the only one with a secret weapon anymore."
Vida's brows furrowed at the information, momentarily confused before her eyes went wide in dismay and sheer horror.
"Ares," she breathed, shaking her head. "You didn't."
"Oh, but I did."

********
Saphora took several steps back as she peered into a mirror image of her ruby eyes. She felt strange -- her body tense -- as her eyes stared at her from a girl far younger than she. And somehow she knew who she was looking at -- what was stepping off the enlarged black widow. And it terrified her.
And Nessa knew what she was looking at -- who was standing but a few yards away. And as she planted her feet down on the floor, facing her, she knew that the moment her mother had been sculpting her her entire life for was finally here.

Hydra vs Enya

Landing in a pillow of flaming dust, Enya touched down on two legs, smirking at the sound of the innocent creatures that went scurrying away. She spread her finger tips, her hair igniting and sending flames traveling down her arms into her hands to fling fire forward onto the ground, aimed at the creature’s feet. She’d dropped Hades off for his battle with Dakota, and had gone off to do her own thing. Not knowing that that thing would involve Hydra. 
The sound of a landing mass evoked Enya to turn around, her brow raising in curiosity as Hydra landed a short distance away, shrinking back down to a woman, a wave crawling from her feet to sooth the fires that had spread around them. The smirk Enya held flashed into a smile as she turned complete to face her opponent.
“I was hoping you’d be here.”
“Likewise,” replied Hydra, stepping forward.
Enya raised her arms, almost giving a shrug as she matched Hydra’s steps, gradually closing the distance between them until they stood a mere yard away from one another. The tension between them could be cut with a knife. Hydra wanting noting more than to exact vengeance for Artemis, and Enya wanting Hydra to give her her all, and shoot it down and prove her power. Enya, still ignited, let her head give way to a tilt.
“Care for the first blow?” Enya offered with her hand out-stretched. 
Hydra didn’t bother to answer as she dug her foot into the ground, pivoting her wrists and launching a round of ice spears in Enya’s direction, each one larger than the last. Enya giggled as she danced around them, her flames licking each one that past, until finally setting a blaze the last, confident that it would reach an un-harmable size when it got to her, which it barely did. 
“Another game of fire and –“
Enya was cut off by Hydra’s sudden appearance before her, the barrage of spears a diversion for her to close the remainder of the distance. She jerked back in time to miss a spiked knuckled blow to the face, but not in time to miss the second blow to her shoulder. She winced, quick-stepping back and swinging a flaming punch towards Hydra’s jaw. 
Hydra ducked, swooping under her fist and jamming her own under Enya’s chin, knocking her off her feet and onto the ground. Hydra stopped, allowing her to collect herself on the ground. Enya, looking up at Hydra in a momentary frantic crawl backwards, scoffed, wiping the corner of her mouth and rising back to her feet. She gave a nod, straightening her posture and rolling her shoulders. Again she scoffed, snickering to herself as she re-ignited her limbs, her eyes brightening significantly as she prepared herself for a more serious combat – the joking manner she had approached the challenge with long since vanishing.
“Right then,” she grumbled. 
Hydra raised her hands, beckoning Enya with narrowed eyes as water streamed around her fingers. 
They were upon each other. Fire and water skittering with every move they made to strike one another. Some hits landed, some didn’t. And with each missing attack, their next one grew more intense, the both of them wanting nothing more than to seriously injure the other – for whatever motivation. 
Enya was almost waiting for some sort of declaration from Hydra, some comment of claiming her life. That she would kill her. That she would have revenge for her fallen comrade. But she was silent in her attacks. Almost painfully so. It sent Enya’s playful manner to the back burner- and made her nerves stand on edge at the tone the battle was taking. 
And somehow, it made her rightfully aware of the situation she was in. It wasn’t until that moment that she realized her life was truly in her own hands. For the first time, as she narrowly dodged hit after hit, getting closer to closer to an impact, she began to doubt herself. And in feeling that brief moment of doubt, she let out an overgrown burst of fire to allow herself to back away from the guardian and compose herself. 
Hydra turned her head to shield herself, but remained standing where she was. She was only panting slightly, while Enya’s chest heaved rather noticeably with the growing adrenaline. She smirked, only to meet the indifferent expression of Hydra, who remained incredibly focused. She was not at all how she was the day in the forest – blinded by rage. Instead, she had taken that rage, and used it to hone her vision into precise strength. 
“You fight like you mean to do some damage,” Enya mocked, straightening her posture.
Still, Hydra remained silent. Enya scoffed, frowning at the silence as her flames traveled to her legs. Her pupils dilated as her entire body began to ignite, her arms expanding and taking the shape of wings.
“To the skies then,” Enya growled, bending her knees before taking off into a leaping flight, her figure following the transformation of her arms until she was airborne, feathers of flames fluttering about her.
Hydra looked up at the phoenix, almost seeming hesitant in her choice to join her in the air. But she was not left the make the decision on her own as Enya exhaled a breath of fire upon her. From the cloud of flames, rose the figure of a water drakon, charging up into the sky after her, jaws open, claws barred as her wing swatted away a section of the flames for her entrance through them.


Vida vs Ares

"You could just surrender, Vida," Ares taunted, closing in on her sister, who was continuously retreating from her attacks. "Spare yourself and the kingdom," she offered.
Vida deflected another bolt, stepping up onto half of the broken door in the process, her gown trailing in front of her. She glared, her wrist flicking with a sudden counter attack, surprising Ares with its strength. She stopped walking to block the shot that was aimed at her chest. She smiled as Vida abruptly decided to stand her ground.
"And have you do what with them?" Vida asked, sending another bolt. Ares deflected, moving her foot back. "Lead them into meaningless wars?" She sent another. Ares took a step back.
"Oh, I assure you. This war is not meaningless."
"If you fight for a throne instead of the people bound to it, then you are not worthy of it," Vida spat in disappointment.
"If you will not fight for your throne, then allow me to take it from you," Ares countered.
"You'll have to kill me."
Ares gave a harsh laugh.
"So bet it."
Vida grimaced, her hands coming together in somewhat of a pattern. White ribbons o ran energy began to flow around her hands, drawing Ares' attention and encouraging her to do the same. 
"So be it," Vida solemnly agreed as the figure of a wolf began to form out of the white energy. The wolf stalked around Vida as its body formed, its eyes black as it howls protectively. Ares scoffed as her hands cased themselves in black energy. She shook her head as the wolf stood its ground slightly in front of Vida.
"How quaint," Ares mocked.
"Fight with me now, Dolphus. For our kingdom -- our people -- our child."
The wolf barked in response, flashing its fangs as Ares' energy configured into the body of a bear. Vida scowled at the painfully familiar figure of their mother's guardian. Ares snickered at her sister's expression. 
"Since we're being sentimental," Ares shrugged.
Vida gave an aggravated scream as the wolf took off towards the bear. And as they collided, Vida went for Ares, taking the initiative in the attack. Again Ares laughed, happily engaging her sister in combat. Their hands glowed with hot energy as they proceeded with hand-to-hand. And even in her weakened state, Vida was able to keep up with Ares' attacks, almost landing some herself.
The black bear roared in pain as the wolf's jaws clamped down on its neck. It held on tight, only releasing when it was through against the floor. The bear stomped down on the wolf's side, causing a howl of pain in response. It growled, reaching up to claw at the bear's face as a counter.
"You're a fool if you think you're going to win this, Vida. You were lucky before. For if I cannot win the war, she will," Ares threatened, almost bragging.
"You're wrong, Ares. She will fail," Vida argued, trying to warn her. "And her blood will be on your hands."
"She will destroy anything that gets in her way!"
"She will destroy herself!”




Guess what?
You’re in for a treat.
Another sneak peak! This time of an upcoming romance, Chambermaid.
Enjoy!

“What do you mean you met Hunter?” Annie asked in a low voice the next day. 
She had decided to pair up with Penelope to get the gossip. They were making their way across the second floor. Penelope shook head, preferring not to remember the encounter at all. She picked up a nearby vase and began wiping it down. Annie stood across from her, leaning against the wall. 
“Come on, speak up,” she insisted, crossing her arms. Penelope looked up at Annie with a reluctant face, a slight shake of her head as she turned the large case around in her arms. 
“Oh come on. What’d he do, ask you to sleep with him?” Penelope’s eyes widened as she set the vase down.
“What?” she said, disturbed by the assumption. Annie shrugged.
“He did, didn’t he? It’s not a big deal. He’s slept with tons of the maids. You should feel-“
“He did not ask me to sleep with him!” Penelope clarified, walking past Annie to the next end table to wipe down the lamp. She scoffed as Annie joined her. 
“And even if he did, I wouldn’t allow it,” Penelope insisted, giving a huff. Annie scoffed, putting her hands on her hips and standing to the side of Penelope.
“Come on. You wouldn’t sleep with him? What, did he have a bag over his head when you met him?”
A faint blush rushed to Penelope’s cheeks as she averted her eyes. Her lips pursed as her arms fidgeted about.
“I was hardly focused on looking at his face, Annie.”
“Was he naked?”
Penelope’s blush spread as she looked at her loosely titled acquaintance with appall. 
“Annie,” she practically hissed. Annie rolled her bulging eyes and shrugged, dipping her head forward.
“Well come on! I didn’t tag along with you to actually clean. Out with it!” Annie shrilled just under her breath, stomping her heeled foot. 
Penelope sighed, shaking her head in disapproval of the gossip that she knew was about to happen. But at the possibility of losing the only woman who had spoken to her, she surrendered. 
“He startled me.”
“How?” Annie followed up immediately. Penelope gave a look of grief as she slowly walked past her to the next vase on the next end table. 
“Well if you would let me speak.”
“You’re speaking entirely too slow, Pen.”
“Pen?”
“A nickname. Do people call you Penelope every time?” Penelope paused, considering the question, before nodding with strained eyebrows.
“Well … Yes.” Annie’s brows shot up as her lip curled back, revealing her gritted teeth.
“Yikes. Anyway, don’t change the subject.”
“I wasn’t.”
“Speak!”
“I went into a room I wasn’t supposed to, apparently, and he caught me. Yelled at me.”
“What room did you go in?”
“It was labeled Hank Jerald.” Annie gave a small gasp, catching Penelope’s attention. Her eyes searched her face in question, somehow alarmed by the slight intake of air. “What?”
“The brother,” Annie breathed.
“Brother?”
“Hunter’s older brother, Hank.” Penelope was silent, not really seeing why that would justify his behavior towards him. “Hunter looks up to him, though he’d never let Hank know that. He takes care of that room himself. What were you doing in there?” Penelope gave an innocent shrug. 
“I was going to clean it.”
“Did you touch anything?” Penelope was silent. Annie grinned. “You did. What did you touch?” Penelope looked up from her head tilted position, her eyes slightly resentful at the amount of fun Annie was having with interrogating her. She turned away, leaving the vase and moving on.
“I’m not talking about this anymore. You’re going to stand there and tell me how much trouble I’m in for doing my job. Well I won’t-“
“Penelope?” came the curious voice of Bentley. 
Penelope turned back around, cut off from her small rant. Her eyes, a deer caught in the headlights. She wanted to take a breath of relief when seeing Bentley, but the stern look on his face kept her from doing so. She glanced at Annie, who had her brows high, just as curious as to why she was being called.
“Yes?” There was a slight pause in his response.
“The young master would like to see you.” Penelope’s heart skipped a beat, her hand threatening to drop the rag it held.
“The … Young master?” she asked, with hope that Bentley had been mistaken. But her heart sank upon hearing the word, “Yes”.
“He’s waiting for you in his study. Asked me to send for you.” 
Penelope’s eyes went to Annie again, now pleading, as if she would be able to help her escape the requested meeting. Annie’s lips were pursed. Apologetic, almost. “Allow me to escort you,” Bentley said, turning his body slightly and gesturing down the hall he had come from. Penelope’s eyes fluttered as she felt her body chill.
“Very well,” she managed to say, stepping towards him. She extended her hand to Annie, giving her the rag as she moved past her. Annie squeezed it, turning to watch her go.


Entering the study backwards, Penelope gripped the handle tightly as she closed the door, being as quiet and careful as she possibly could. Despite her efforts, the door clicked, and she felt the tumbling of the gears in her very skin. Her breath was short, quick bursts. Her hand shook as she released the handle, and turned to face the horror that was Hunter Flynn. He was leaning against the edge of his desk with his arms crossed. His eyes, a striking blue, were intensely focused on Penelope. His jaw, covered by a rough shave, was fixed.
Penelope stood against the door, her eyes wide and cautious. If she was lucky, she wouldn’t be made to sit in front of him. She kept her shaking hands behind her, clasping the door’s handle.
“You wanted to see me, sir?” she spoke up, keeping her eyes averted. 
They stared straight past his head. He was silent for a moment, his fixated on hers. They looked as if they were going to burst into tears at any given moment. And then they traveled. Slowly trailing down her slender body. They paused around her breasts and her thighs, taking the deliberate time to analyze them. The lingering silence drove Penelope mad. She silently begged for him to speak, and for it not to be what she was expecting to hear. She couldn’t lose this job, this security. The security of a home and income. If she was made to live with her step-mother, she wasn’t sure what she would do with herself. She didn’t think she could bare it.
Finally, Hunter exhaled, and pushed himself off of the edge of his desk, taking a step forward. And suddenly, Penelope found herself at a loss. She pushed herself forward in response, her hands reaching forward to place themselves on Hunter’s chest. She cringed, her eyes pleading as they finally looked into his.
“Please! Please don’t fire me. I’m sorry. I didn’t know it was your brother’s room. I swear I’ll never set eyes on it again – please!” Penelope begged, her hands tightening their grip on his black cotton shirt. “I can’t live with her again. Please don’t fire me, please!” she sobbed, her eyes quickly filling with tears. Hunter’s hands stayed parallel to his shoulders, patiently waiting for her plea to finish.
Seeing his look of what seemed like discomfort, Penelope quickly backed herself away, covering her mouth with one hand, and holding her wrist with her other. She wiped her eyes, which were threatening to spill mascara down her cheeks. Ashamed at her outburst, she lowered her head. 
“Forgive me, sir. I didn’t mean to put my hands on you,” she said between sharp intakes of breath. 
Hunter slowly lowered his arms, his look of confusion slowly creeping into that of amusement. He shook his head once, lowering it to hide his chuckle.
“No … That’s quite alright,” he mocked in a whimsical tone. “Miss Lawrence?” he questioned, tipping his head back up, the smirk that had made its way onto his lips now a full blown grin. Penelope’s head rose as well, her eyes watering again as the grip on her own wrist tightened. Her body shook, as she anxiously awaited his next words. He shook his head slightly, his dirty blonde locks swaying just slightly. 
“I didn’t call you in here to fire you,” he said, slowly stepping towards her. Her hand began to lower, her eyes widening not from fear, but from relief. She let go of her held breath.
“No?” she questioned, wanting to make sure that it wasn’t some sort of cruel joke. Hunter shook his head again to reassure her, his grin spreading as he came closer.
“Nope.”
Penelope let out a nervous laugh, standing her ground. She expected him to pat her shoulder to comfort her fears. Hunter chuckled, sliding his hands into his jean pockets as he now stood in front of her, over a head taller. Penelope ran the back of her index finger under her eye, getting the last of her tears as she continued to giggle.
“My god. I was so nervous. I thought you were going to-“
“You know, you look a lot better in the maid uniform,” he said, cutting in. 
He allowed his eyes to travel again. But this time, Penelope was painfully aware of it. She suddenly felt very exposed, her hands coming up to adjust her dress. Her eyes lowered while she did, and by the time they rose to peer apologetically into Hunter’s, her face was caught in his hands, and her lips were seized by his own. 
It took her brain a whole second to register what was happening before her eyes widened, and her hands rushed up to push him away. She stumbled back, nearly fumbling over one of the chairs that was in front of the desk. She held onto it and stood on the other side, using the chair as a divider between them. Her face flushed as the smug look of accomplishment sprawled across his face. She found herself startled, and frankly, enraged. 
“What … What was that!” she uttered, her hand warily coming to her assaulted lips. 
“A kiss,” Hunter chuckled, smiling as he slowly stepped to move around the chair. But Penelope mimicked his movements to maintain the distance. Hunter’s brow went up as he noticed, and his hands moved in question. 
“Your first one?” 
Penelope’s mouth fell agape as she moved from behind the chair to in front of the desk.
“That’s hardly the point,” the pointed out, only to get a laugh from Hunter. Her eyes narrowed as he came closer, making her realize her mistake of coming in front of the desk.
“Like I said. I didn’t call you in here to fire you,” he said in a husky breath as his hands found the desk on either side of her, forcing her to lean back against its edge. 
As he titled his head to attempt another kiss, Penelope grunted and raised her hand to cover his mouth while turning her head. Her other hand pushed against his chest until she was able to move him, and step away from both him and the desk. Hunter stayed leaning on the desk, looking at her with a mixture of disbelief and entertainment. 
She was out of breath after such a small exertion, but adrenaline was keeping her standing. Hunter gave a scoff, as he looked straight at the chair behind the desk for a moment. He gave a light shrug as Penelope composed herself, before standing straight. 
“So you like to be chased, huh?” he said with a tight smile. Penelope glared, straightening her posture and storming for the door.
“I wish you had called me here to fire me,” she hissed under her breath as she reached for the handle. 
But Hunter was hot on her trail. Just as Penelope pulled the door open, Hunter pushed it shut. And in a flash, Penelope found herself trapped again. Immediately, her hands came up to keep a distance between them, her eyes glaring up into his coy ones. 
“Be careful what you wish for, tuts,” he warned, smirking. 
Penelope’s face paled slightly, at what sounded like a threat. Her bravery wavered for a moment. But only a moment, before her dignity took hold. She pushed him back again with a bit of a shriek, her hair swaying in front of her face momentarily. He let himself be pushed back, enjoying the game of cat and mouse. Disgusted, Penelope opened the door again, and rushed out of the room. Hunter chuckled, coming up to lean against the doorway. 
“Let the chase begin.”


	



Thanks again for reading.
Stay tuned!








	
	




