What others are saying about Xhazul's Box: The Rainbow Sphere


"This is a must read.... it will keep you on the edge of your seat...loved it!! (5-Star Review on Smashwords)

-- Vicky Hawkins

"This story is a real nail biter as the reader grows to care about these college students whose lives become entangled in a mysterious, deathly web woven by the sins of the fathers. I loved the way Castle managed to show the struggles of the heroine, Erinn Forester, who tries to maintain an appearance of normalcy even though she has every reason to believe she's losing her mind. The irony of the legend and the artifacts behind Xhzul's Box and the Rainbow Sphere as it relates to Erinn reels the reader in, and the twist at the end is enough to leave this reader looking forward to the sequel! -- (5-Star Review on Amazon)

-- BJ Wood

"I really enjoyed this story. The writing is great and the story brings the reader in and doesn't let them go until the story is finished. Great Job!! -- (5-Star Review on Amazon)

-- P.S. Winn



Xhazul’s Box: The Rainbow Sphere

by Jon Castle

Copyright © 2013 Jon Castle (Jonathan Gemoets)

Smashwords Edition



This book is completely fiction.  Any characters, events, objects, places, names, places, and incidents are utilized in a fictitious manner and from the imagination of the author.  Any similarity or resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or events are by pure coincidence.


All rights reserved.  Published in the United States.



Credits for illustrations/editing:



Editor: Brooke Bowman
The Portal House: Stéphane ESSEAU.
Vortex/Portal: Stéphane ESSEAU.
The Rainbow Sphere (cover): Peter Wood.
Sphere in bonus section: Ben (Grasshopper3D).
Vartan (villain): Stéphane ESSEAU.
The Tentaculace: Tanya Rodgers



To Corena, Tamara, my editor for inspiring me to start writing, and all of my future readers.



Contents



Title Page
Copyright
Credits for Illustrations
Dedication
Prologue

Chapter 1: The Girl in the Tomb
Chapter 2: Truth and Dare
Chapter 3: Sea Salt
Chapter 4: Date Night
Chapter 5: Dinner and Something Else
Chapter 6: Fact or Fiction?
Chapter 7: The Portal House
Chapter 8: Searching and Entering
Chapter 9: Freaking Out?
Chapter 10: Voices
Chapter 11: The Clock Starts
Chapter 12: A Message from Beyond
Chapter 13: Drugs, Sex, and Crashes
Chapter 14: Trapped
Chapter 15: Writing is in the Air
Chapter 16: Monday Midterm Meltdown
Chapter 17: Discovery by Design
Chapter 18: Without a Trace
Chapter 19: The Truth Key
Chapter 20: Tying Loose Ends
Chapter 21: A Trip Down Memory Lane
Chapter 22: The Awakening

About this Author
Bonus Content
Connect with Jon Castle



Prologue



Everyone has a past; some are filled with broken dreams, others with sorrow, even others with regrets.  Rarely can one be content with the past even though we know deep within our psyche that it is what transforms our lives to mold us into our potential future selves.  It is known that yesterday's mistakes and failures perpetuate tomorrow's successes. The maxim "One man's trash is another man's treasure” can be applied to this theory if we consider that others may instinctively know how to profit from our mistakes and use our "treasure" to their advantage.  In fact, it is a key – a key to unlock a golden future by not making the same mistakes as that person made.  One can use that key, like one found on a map, to avoid taking the same path to tragedy and devastation and, instead, detour themselves onto an alternate path to a potentially better future. 
However, to obtain said key would require that someone took the wrong road in the first place.  That road can be one of many, but the most unfortunate path can be the one followed by those who have a boundless curiosity. Deciding whether to take the path that will unveil the truth or the one that keeps us in the dark is a fork in the road that must be tread with caution. A legend can be real or a tall tale passed down through generations, but those bold enough to seek out the truth may find that their curiosity will be an adventure without the proper map.



Chapter 1: Girl in the Tomb



Her screams for help echoed off the walls and pierced the darkness.  Flickering lights.  Dead silence.  The time was 8:39 pm. on Day 5.



Chapter 2: Truth and Dare



The autumn leaves fell delicately onto the grass and streets, carried there by a cool breeze which danced within the trees so much as to create a symphony that only one who stopped to listen could really hear or enjoy.  Commercial billboards screamed “Halloween,” an indication that candy, costumes, and haunted houses were just around the corner.  Houses were decorated with air-filled Halloween figures, carved pumpkins, and orange lights that signified the coming holiday.
Erinn Forrester, a twenty-two year-old sophomore at the University of Southern Lake (USL), sat in her psychology class, brushing her long, blonde hair from her beautiful green and blue eyes that had made many a man melt with just one glance.  She stood five feet five inches with a body that was complimented by voluptuous curves on her front and back; there have been plenty of days that she had made heads turn faster than the advertisement signs on the streets promising to save money by switching to a different car insurance company.  She lived with her parents, Claire and Mark, and her brother, Phil, and sister, Ashley, both of whom were still in high school. She was a psychology major who was fascinated with the mind and how it works.
The small town of Southern Lake, Indiana had a population of around 2,500, not including the 6,000-plus students attending the university.  It was a tight-knit community and everyone knew or had heard of everyone else. People talked, and muffled whispers were picked up by alert ears at hair salons and bars.  Eyes were everywhere with the help of the neighborhood watch group. 
If only they had seen it coming…
It was Friday, September 15, 2012, and classes had dissolved for the weekend.  Erinn left class as she was putting her child psychology book into her backpack and met up with her best friend, Lisa Moore.  Lisa was Erinn’s height, with a dark complexion, and even darker hair straightened to her shoulders.
“Hey, girl!  You looking fresh today!  You got another date with Brian tonight?” asked Lisa in her excited demeanor.  Lisa had been Erinn’s best friend since fifth grade.  Maybe that sounded like a cliché, but Lisa had always been there for Erinn.  Many thought of her as Erinn’s other half, and whether or not that was a good thing depended on the perceiver.
“Thanks, Lisa,” replied Erinn, “and yes, we have our third date tonight.  We are going out to dinner and then headin’ to the movies.”
“Girl, you like him!” exclaimed Lisa, makes kissing noises with her puckered, red lips.  “Tell me somethin’.  Have you and him... you know...?” asked Lisa, thrusting her hips forward and aft to symbolize the metaphor for the birds and the bees.  Erinn couldn’t help but giggle and laugh while shaking her head as if to think it was absurd of Lisa to ask such a question.
“Maybe... ha ha,” chuckled Erinn. “I mean, he’s cute, muscular, funny, charming...”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” chimed in Lisa. “Tell me... was it big? Or small? Or huge like Daniel Kessler’s?”
Erinn, stumbling to find the words, put up both of her hands and twisted them around an invisible cylinder saying, “Let’s just say I needed both of my hands!” And with that, both girls burst out into laughter and walked to their cars just three minutes away while discussing the usual day’s gossip.  Once they reached their cars that were parked next to each other, Lisa told Erinn to call her once she was done with her movie.  Erinn agreed, and she got into her car, turned the key in the ignition, and headed up the street to the bridge that linked her house to the University.
It was a fifteen minute drive to her house from the University, which she made three times a week.  The loneliness and silence were always broken up by the Pandora app on her iPhone.  Through her peripheral vision, rows upon rows of trees wearing autumn colors became a blur viewed from the Volkswagen she drove at more than 65 miles per hour before she was forced to slow down.  She noticed that cars were coming to a halt before the bridge as it was that time again.
About once a week Erinn found herself caught at the opening of the draw bridge.  This allowed river passage for cargo vessels and other boats while bringing cars to a stop as if they had nowhere else to be.  It was Erinn’s lucky day as the boats were over halfway under the bridge.  Music blaring, head swinging from side to side, she looked left out of boredom.  In her direct line of sight was a medium sized, yellow house with blue shutters.  The curtains were peeled back with a face staring through. 
 It’s face.  
 Erinn did a double take, but it had disappeared.  She wondered, for a brief second, if she was losing her mind.  
Here’s where it gets crazy:  Not really. 
Erinn thought back to what she had heard through the grapevine about the legend over the years:
That same face had been mimicked, as well as talked and whispered about, for thirty-two years.  Many told of seeing it for only a few seconds before it vanished… but the legend went farther than that.  The police had been contacted many times, the local paper had received a myriad of letters, and the local television station had received just as many calls regarding these paranormal sightings.  Yet, the reports concluded that all stories were the result of pranks, drugs, and alcohol.  Were the reports right?
Over the years, the legend had been told two different ways.   According to the first story, a voodoo doctor named Muhammed Portalle from the Caribbean killed his wife after finding out that she bore another man’s child.  Ever since then, he was cursed to live as a ghost among us.  There was a problem with the story though: No one had ever found his wife’s body.  The last time she was seen was the night of her disappearance when she was working at the local 7-Eleven store.  Some said he burned it, others thought he buried it and hid it.  The point was that no one had found it, and no one had even seen the voodoo doctor since that day thirty-two years ago, or so they thought.
The second version of the legend contended that an alien or devil-like entity was spit out from the depths of the Bermuda Triangle to wreck havoc on the community.  They said it used the Bermuda Triangle as a vortex or teleporter and traveled back and forth as it wished.  Now this seemed far-fetched – but, Erinn wondered, could it be true?
Throughout the years, different testimonies were collected from the locals, but all of the stories had two things in common.  First, the “thing” had been seen only in Southern Lake and had never been spotted anywhere else.  Second, of all the sketches that had been completed, there had been consistent details: The “thing” was reportedly large, typically described as slightly over six feet tall and weighing in at about 320 lbs with about four tentacles for arms.
Also, the sightings were always between September 10 and around October 18 – but oddly enough, it has never been witnessed on Halloween. Plus, when he came around, things went missing – and not just regular objects disappeared.  Some had witnessed streetlights, people, cars, and even buildings vanish.  One person went to the police over his car being stolen and when the police ran the plates through the DMV, it was discovered that the car never existed in the database.  Never existed at all?  Then, three months later, that same car appeared off the east coast.  Was it a coincidence or something more?  Some, including Erinn, went with the latter.
Lastly, there had been accounts of salt water that could be smelled on the nights “it” was seen.  Those who reported seeing it, swore that it was wearing goggles on its round face, while others recalled seeing a deep-sea diver’s helmet on its head.  Some have even said that it was wearing a diving suit or skin described as a dark rubber with red seams.
All that could be said was that at that split second when Erinn thought she saw that deathly face, it was enough to spook her pale.  She let out a quick, panicked breath, but when it disappeared, so did her wits.  She scanned the area of cars, trying to spot anyone who may have looked like they witnessed the face as well.  No one seemed interested in anything but the bridge returning to normal.  Six minutes later, the drawbridge closed, and Erinn was safe to push the gas pedal until she reached her home.



Chapter 3: Sea Salt



“Let me out!  Let me out of here!  Who are you!?” yelled Erinn as each light flickered from above.  
She looked around the room and a sense of fear rushed through her.  Her heart sank.  All around she saw blood smeared on the walls, a table with straps, and bones on the floor.  Hanging above the table was a serial killer’s wet dream: Scalpels, saws, needles, hammers – the weapons of torture.   Oddly enough, the table had never been used for that, and those grueling weapons of terror had never been used to maim or kill.  No, it was saved for something much worse.  
In a sudden flash, the lights went out, and the aroma of sea salt filled the air.  It was 8:43 on Day 5.



Chapter 4: Date Night



Day 0. After arriving home, Erinn parked her car in the driveway, turned off the car, and just sat there.  During the whole drive home, her mind kept returning to what she had seen.  However, the thought was still in the back of her mind: Was it real?  Was it a hallucination or the aura of Halloween in the air?  Or was it simply superstition or something unexplainable?  She thought whatever it was, it couldn’t be real.  Of course she had heard the legend but, like any good psychology student, she learned to question that which defied or challenged reality as she knew it.  Sitting there in the car, she realized it was probably nothing, and shrugged it off as an event that need not even be mentioned.
Walking up the driveway, she threw a quick glance around behind her, to the street, to the neighboring houses, just to make sure everything was ordinary.  To her satisfaction, everything looked just as it did when she left for school earlier that day.   
Her three-story house was the biggest on the street with five bedrooms, three bathrooms, a large kitchen, and a very decent sized living room.  It was painted egg-shell white with black shutters.  In the winter time, it was a sight to see as her family was heavy into decorating with Christmas lights.  Their neighbors liked to joke that this grand seasonal illumination could be seen by anyone who might happen to be inhabiting other planets in the Milky Way or traveling in a space shuttle outside of Earth’s orbit.  A candle was placed into all seven windows that were visible to passersby.  
Erinn walked up the front pathway which had the presence of a natural airport runway lined by shrubbery and colorful flowers.  She reached the front door holding its space beneath two columns supporting the archway above it.  She turned the doorknob, walked inside, set down her backpack at the foot of the stairs, and headed into the kitchen.
“Hey, mom, what’s up?” asked Erinn as she reached into the fridge to pull out a Dr. Pepper bottle.  
“Nothing much, just preparing my famous seafood pasta in fettuccine noodles.  Will you be staying for dinner tonight?”
“No,” replied Erinn in a low, sweet voice that would signify to anyone that she had a crush and Cupid’s arrow had struck deep into her heart.  “Bryan and I are going out on our third date and he is taking me to Le Parreu’ tonight!”  With the mention of the restaurant, Erinn threw up both of her arms and began to twirl around and then curtsied as if she was royalty.  
Her mother just laughed and replied in a sarcastic tone, “Ohhhhh, a third date, huh?  Well, then, shall we start planning the wedding now or next week?”
“Ha ha, very funny.  I think you would like him, mom.  He isn’t like the rest of the boys.  He treats me right.” With that declaration, Erinn’s mind phased to the breakup with her last boyfriend three months prior.  Nothing special about it; he hardly talked to her, was hardly ever around and, after five months of dating, decided he was gay.
Snapping back to reality after that three-second trip down memory lane, she told her mom that she loved her and went upstairs to her room to get ready.
Erinn walked into her room, which was quite atypical for a college student as it was a bit messy, yet quite clean compared to the aroma of beer and the sight of bottles and dirty clothes in many of her college friends’ apartments.  There were a few clothes scattered on the floor and it was littered with school books, sticky notes, pens, and flash cards.  Normally, they were just pushed to one side, but today, they were on the floor instead of on the dresser.  There was a large mirror on her dresser stand, with her make-up supplies and an old maple-red jewelry box on the left side, which she has never figured out how to open, even to this day.  Her brush was on one side of it while her pictures of Bryan and her on their first date on the other.
Erinn jumped on the bed, pulled out her phone from her back pocket, and started texting Bryan to see when he was picking her up.  She turned on the Pandora app and The Offspring “Cruisin' California” started playing, which happened to be her favorite song.  Erinn glanced at the mirror to check herself out and to see how much make-up she had to paint her face with when she saw a dark figure in the lawn.  A puzzled look shot across her face, and she walked with haste to the window, but it was gone.  Her eyes scanned the lawn, wondering what she might have eaten or drank that had made her hallucinate so much today.  To her disdain, she saw nothing.  She shook it off, stared into the mirror with her arms propping her up against the dresser, and knew she had work to do before her big date.
After about an hour or so of her Pandora app blasting music from her phone and straightening her hair, she did her makeup while simultaneously texting Bryan and telling him what she was wearing and what she may not be wearing later.   She then reached into her closet to find the tightest jeans to accentuate her ass and the perfect bra to lift up her C-cup breasts. Next, she found the hot pink sweater that her grandmother gave her last Christmas, put it on, and sat down on the bed to put on her tennis shoes.
Out of the room she went and ran downstairs to grab the keys she left on the table. She told her mother that she was going out, kissed her on the cheek since her hands were too busy cutting the red and green peppers for the pasta, and closed the door behind her as she left the house. 
Erinn then hopped into her Volkswagen, started the car, and backed out of the driveway. She turned right onto Hollow Drive, and then left onto Summer Crest Avenue, where she would pass The Portal House. 
A little way down the road, while listening to music and taking in the sight of the terracotta, red, and golden colored trees, she looked left as she passed the house, the house that, as legend had it, is where the voodoo doctor had lived.  Some have said that he and the creature resided there while others believed it was just haunted by the doctor.  All in all, it was a great place for Halloween thrill seekers or as a boredom cure for those who loved to frighten unsuspecting friends.  
It was a run-down, two-story building which appeared to be black, with green vines growing from the ground to wrap around the house, as if to drag it to hell where it belonged.  Those who had been inside have said that everything creaked. They also said that the smell of mold and dust, which was first detected from the front door, wafted throughout the house, as if no one had lived there for decades.  Remember the part about the legend that was mentioned earlier where people believed that buildings had disappeared and vanished without a trace?  Well, this was supposedly that building.  People claimed to have driven by and seen it vanish into thin air while others said they had passed by in the morning and it was not there; then, at night, it was suddenly back as if it never left.  One thing was certain: No one in their right mind dared to go in there for fear of ending up missing.
No one, that is, unless you were with your friends because you missed “a movie.”
After glancing at the house and thinking of the craziness she had been witnessing throughout the day, Erinn wondered if she was just tired and if that was what had been causing her to see things.  The sight of the house and its dying willow did cause her to shutter, but the thought of being in her lover’s arms that night brightened the gloomy.  She drove onwards to Le Parreu’ which was right beside the mall in town.  After about eight minutes of driving, she reached her destination: The most exquisite French restaurant in Indiana.  It had a waiting list of about three weeks – that is, unless you were Bryan Moss, the nephew of the owner of this establishment.  For him, a day’s notice was sufficient.
Erinn turned off her engine and, as she stepped out of the car, she tripped over the curb and fell to the ground.  Thanks to gymnastics, her quick reflexes and instincts took over as she forced her hands to hit the ground before her beautiful face.  She looked up, with her head two inches from the concrete, and saw boots with water dripping from them, along with a hazy fog around the ground.  Getting up quickly, she looked three car lengths down in an attempt to spot what she thought she saw.  No one was there.  She shook her head in disbelief, and then she felt a hand on her right shoulder which startled her so much she thought her heart was going to leap out of her chest.
“Hey, don’t worry, it’s just me,” said Bryan Moss, hugging and comforting her.
“Sorry, I thought I saw someone over there,” replied Erinn in a soft voice.
“Really? You need me to go kick their ass or something?” asked Bryan as he pounded one fist into his hand.
Erinn answered, “No, I thought I saw something, but I guess not.  I’m glad to see you!”  She exclaimed as she gave him a kiss with a hint of tongue right there in the parking lot.
“Well, hello to you, too!  You look stunningly beautiful!” exclaimed Bryan as he wrapped his hands around her waist, pulling her closer to steal another kiss, but this time for longer.  Bryan was every girl’s dream; he was very attractive at six feet five inches with a chest that stood out due to rock-like pectorals.  His eyes were just the right length apart on each side of his cute, little nose, with little dimples that surfaced when he smiled.  The dream boy had on his light blue-green polo, loose-fitting jeans, and black and white Etnies.
After quite a few seconds of steamy passion, Erinn broke away to thank her admirer for the compliment and the both of them headed inside. Bryan, the gentleman that he was, opened the door for his date to let go in first, but not without staring at her butt swaying side to side as she entered the five-star restaurant.
The two of them waited at the podium for not less than a minute before hearing, “Welcome to Le Parreu’ – the best restaurant in Indiana.  Do you have a reservation?” asked the host.
“Yes,” replied Bryan, “my name is Bryan Moss, and we should have a table for two.”
After skimming the waiting list, the host spotted their name.  “Yes, here it is.  Mr. Moss, party for two.  Right this way, please!”  Bryan and Erinn looked at each other, smiled, and accompanied the host to their table.



Chapter 5: Dinner and Something Else



The two of them arrived at their table and were told that their server would be with them shortly.  They nodded and thanked the host, and then the two of them looked into each other’s eyes.  Erinn broke the ten-second silence by asking, “Can I help you, sir?” in a flirtatious tone.
Bryan responded, “No, I was just admiring you.  I never thought I would catch a girl like you.”
Erinn seemed puzzled, and then asked, “Why do you say that?  It’s not like I’m a celebrity or something.”
“No, it’s just that I have never gone out with someone like you.  You know, down to earth, intelligent, sexy, and beautiful.  Most girls just think I am some kind of jock and that all I want is to get into their pants.  At least you gave me a shot, and a peek into yours,” and as he said this, he winked at Erinn, who could do nothing but smile bashfully while winking back at her stunning date.
“Well, at first I did think you were a jock and I heard things—” 
Suddenly, the waiter came with a complimentary glass of champagne for the nephew of the restaurant.  The waiter took their drink orders and insisted on some dinner specials, but the two love birds had yet to look over the menu.  The waiter poured Erinn’s glass half full with champagne, then moved on to Bryan’s, who gestured to the waiter to fill it to the top.  
After the waiter left, she continued, “Like I was saying, I had heard things, like how you were just in it for the lay, how all you talked about was football, you were egocentric, stuff like that.  Then a friend of mine, Lisa, had told me you weren’t like that, so I decided to give it a shot.  I mean, heck, what was the worst that could happen?  I get a free dinner out of you and you get to go home with nothing?” And with that, the two of them laughed and stared at each other once more, each taking a sip of their champagne.  Erinn picked up the menu and started glancing at the main courses.
“So, how long have you been at USL?  You’re a freshman, right?”
“No,” replied Erinn. “Sophomore.  I spent a year at a community college and then transferred here.  I’m not good at test taking and the SAT’s were kicking my ass. I had taken them about three times and could not score over a 1000.  Yet, I made straight A’s and B’s in high school.  So after a year at the community college, I transferred and this is my first year here.  What about you?” asked Erinn after taking a sip of her champagne to calm her nerves.  “What’s your story?”
“Well, I am a junior, came here about two years after high school, and been here ever since.” He paused to take a hefty sip from his glass, and then started again.  “I used to play football in high school, but I stopped for fear of really injuring myself.  I got two concussions the two years I played, so I’m not taking any more chances.  I am majoring in business and accounting.  One day, I hope to open up my own restaurant.”
“Oh, you cook?” asked Erinn, now more interested than ever since food was her favorite subject.
“Yeah, I love to cook.  I can cook about anything.  I learned how to from cookbooks and my mom—”
They were interrupted by the waiter asking if they were ready to take their order.  Bryan motioned to Erinn to go first, and she decided to get the Tour de France, which included portions of escargot, linguini pasta in Alfredo sauce and white wine, steamed assorted vegetables, and all you could eat breadsticks.  With a surprised look at finding someone who wasn’t as vain about her weight as the rest of the world, he then looked up at the waiter to order the steak and lobster combo, jokingly asking for his “cow cooked medium rare.”
“Thank you very much.  Your order will be put in right away and will be up in about twenty minutes.”
“Thank you,” said Bryan, very politely.  Next, he turned his attention back to his eye candy of the night.  “So, are you having fun so far?  Am I what you expected?” he asked with an inquisitive tone in his voice.
“Yes, I have had a lot of fun with you.  I haven’t met someone who actually likes ice-skating as much as I do!  I used to go every weekend when I was in high school.  Eventually, I just gave up on it when I started college.”
“Yeah, I started when I was about six since we grew up on a lake.  So, every winter, we would break out the skates or buy new ones to hit the ice with.  I fell in once, only because my brother decided to be funny and thin the ice with his lighter.  He had a black eye for about a week!” And with that, they both laughed hysterically, with her, of course, giggling as if she was in high school again and crushing badly.
About fifteen minutes passed by, the food came to the table sizzling hot and looking scrumptious.  The food was dispensed to the two diners and as if they had not eaten in days, they chowed down at their meals like there was no tomorrow.  The only thing that could be heard was the sounds of “mmmmmm” and silverware scraping at their plates.
Bryan was the first to break the silence: “How’s your dinner?”
“Good,” said Erinn with a mouth half full of salad with Italian dressing.  After swallowing, she then asked Bryan how his steak and lobster tasted.
“Outstanding, cooked to perfection!  Wanna try some?”
“Sure!  I have never had lobster before.  Is it good with butter or without?”
“Oh, I always dip it in butter.  Here!” and with that, he cut off a piece of lobster, dipped it in butter, and fed it to Erinn.  Her eyes looked as though they were trying to analyze the food as she chewed, and finally she let out a satisfying sound.
“You know, if I was the niece of the restaurant owner, I would have this every day!” stated Erinn with a kind of pretentious tone, as if she was a celebrity.
“Ha ha, yeah, being a nephew does have its perks.  I only eat here about once a month, and if it makes you feel any better, I normally have to pay for my food!” said Bryan with a matter-of-fact tone.
And with that, the both of them attacked their plates once again.  About ten minutes later of some side conversation and mouth filling, the two of them completed their dishes.  The plates looked as if they had already been put through the dishwasher!  The two of them relaxed their silverware on the plates, folded their napkins and threw them onto the silverware, and sat back in their chairs moaning with the feeling of euphoria that was brought on by the food coma.
“Man, I am stuffed.  I can’t even eat dessert, unless you want some?”
“No thank you!” replied Erinn, grasping her stomach as if it was going to explode.  “I can’t eat another bite either.”
The two of them chatted about what the weather was going to be like next week, all the while barely stealing a glance at the sneaky waiter coming to swoop the plates away to the kitchen.  After coming back and getting rejected on the desserts tray, the waiter swept away to retrieve the check.  Bryan told him to put it all on one.
The waiter returned shortly after and Bryan, without skipping a beat, said, “You can give it to her! She makes all the money.”
“Uh, as if!” replied Erinn, with her hands on the hips.
“Hey, I heard through the grapevine that you had a habit of paying all the time.”
“Well, I did, when I had a dead-beat boyfriend who lacked a job or a car!”
Bryan handed the waiter his credit card that he had held in his palm during the whole joke about Erinn paying and the waiter let them know he would be right back.
“Thanks for dinner,” said Erinn while smiling at her date.  “I haven’t been on a good date in a very long time.  It’s nice to know not all guys are the same.”  And with that, she stared deep into his eyes and saw them transform from their normal blue-green, to solid black pupils.
“Oh my god!” gasped Erinn, wiping her eyes with both hands.
“What!?” asked Bryan, looking worried.
“Nothing,” she sighed, “Today has been so weird.  I keep seeing strange things… weird things.  I dunno, I think I’m going crazy or just tired or somethin’.”
“Like what kinds of things?”
“Oh, it’s nothing.  I’m probably just tired or somethin’.”
“Yeah, I know what ya mean.  If it makes you feel any better, I’m feeling a bit weird also…”
“You mean like sick, like from the food?”
“Nah,” replied Bryan, holding his head between his hands, “It feels like something is inside of me, controlling me cuz I can’t stop talking – ha ha.  Maybe it is just nerves cuz I do get nervous when I talk to you and when we go out.” With that comment, he blushed, and Erinn was able to squeak out an “awwww” as she caressed the side of his face.
“If it makes you feel any better, I’m a little nervous around you also.”  Then the two of them leaned in to kiss each other on the lips, only to be interrupted by a text from Lisa.
Leaning back from the kiss into her seat, she reached into her back pocket to get her iPhone.  Like any girl in this millennium, going anywhere without her phone could lead to panic and anxiety.  Looking at her text from Lisa who asked what movie they were seeing, she glanced at the time, realized it was almost 8 o’clock, and noticed they were probably late for the movie.
“Oh, shit!” screamed Erinn, looking around to make sure no one heard her, only to find that a couple of people had heard the outburst and were glaring over at their table.
“What?” Bryan asked, sounding concerned.
“We gotta hurry or we will miss the movie!”
After saying that, they both hurried up, grabbed their coats, and headed for the door.  He held the door open for her and as she passed by him, he gave her bubble butt a nice slap.  Looking over her right shoulder, she gave him a smile and a wink, and didn’t hesitate to say, “Mmm! Save some of that for later.”
With that, both of them headed for their cars and drove to the movie theater which was within walking distance, but not before stealing a long, deep kiss as if he was at an airport waiting to deploy overseas.  They both drove over to the theater and walked up to the ticket booth.  While at the window, they scanned the times and discovered they had missed them all!



Chapter 6: Fact or Fiction?



“Well, that sucks!” stated Erinn. “I really wanted to see Grown Ups 2!  Oh well, my friend Lisa wanted me to text her after the movie, so I guess I’ll see what she’s doing.”
“Yeah, my friend Darrell said it was funny as fuck.  You know, we can try tomorrow or next weekend if ya want!  I mean, I’m not going anywhere anytime soon.”
He put his arm around her shoulders as she was texting Lisa, asking where she was and what she was getting into tonight, but of course, in the language of habitual texters, so it looked a little something like, “Hey, where u at? Wut u doin 2nite?”
Before she knew it, two hands covered her eyes and before she could jump, a familiar voice screamed out, “Guess who, bitch!?”  And before she knew it, Lisa jumped in front of her, followed by about four friends.  All of them started dapping each other, giving fancy handshakes, and for the girls, hugs and kisses on the cheek.  They were all friends from the university, and if one would have ever thought of a group of college kids as mischievous and colorful, this would be the one.
First, there was Darrell, who was always the leader of the group.  He stood at six feet and was black and muscular, with an attractive face complimented by dark brown eyes.  The black stud was wearing his pink, lime, and yellow Ice-Cream shoes and an orange hoodie and blue jeans.  He majored in criminal justice, with a minor in psychology, which meant he had a few classes with Erinn and Lisa.  Darrell also was in the same honor fraternity as Bryan, both of whom had been in the same pledge class two years prior.
Next was Xavier, a whopping five feet nine inches of lankiness with brown shaggy hair and two ears that stuck out like a car with its doors open.  Yet, he was as bright as they come.  He had on his light yellow hoodie, green and blue-plaid long-sleeve shirt, white khaki pants, and white shoes.  With straight A’s and a 1397 on the SAT’s, he majored in history with the hopes of one day teaching in a high school, although many wondered what would be the point of teaching in a place where students would just want to skip class, smoke “funny things,” and drink alcohol, with no interest in learning how our great nation came to be.
Then there was Jasmine, a good friend of Lisa and Erinn.  They had known each other about five years since she went to high school with the two of them.  Jasmine used to be on the high school newspaper staff with Erinn, and they had fun trying to spice up the boring news about the cafeteria or some conspiracy about the students passing classes they should have failed.  
She had a very pretty face with green eyes and brown hair that she had straightened and then put into a ponytail.  Jasmine was wearing a purple and blue sweater with white diamonds, along with hip-hugging jeans and white tennis shoes.  Her major was computer science and she had taken a few classes in hacking in hopes of finding a good job providing Internet security for some Fortune 500 company.
Like Erinn, Lisa also majored in psychology.  She was wearing black yoga pants and a double extra large grey hoodie.  Normally, it was Lisa coming up with the crazy ideas about what to do.  She was the “suggestor” of the group and when an idea was shot down, she was quick to recommend something else instead to ensure boredom never dawned on any weekend night.
Last, but not least, there was Kyle.  Kyle was “that” guy in the group whose job was to make everyone laugh – even if that meant making a fool of himself.  He was wearing a grey and red Element hoodie, beige khakis, and red and silver D.C. skateboarding shoes.  Kyle was a history major with a minor in anthropology, but also enjoyed everything paranormal, weird, and theory based.  If it had to do with a legend, theory, or alien account, Kyle would be the one to investigate it.  He had been fascinated with paranormal subject matter ever since he was little, despite the name calling and ribbing he received for all of it.  Yet, you couldn’t find someone as funny as he was.  This group of misfits and brainiacs never seemed to have a dull moment together.
“Hey, girl, I was just texting you!” said Erinn.  “We missed the movie cuz we didn’t finish dinner til’ about eight minutes ago.  What are you all getting into to?”
“I know girl!  We saw you drive up and we just got out from seeing Grown Ups 2 –”
“Uh, you lucky bitch!  We were going to go see that one!” shouted Erinn.
“Yeah, it was hilarious as hell!  Now we got nothing to do.  What are you all doing tonight, besides each other?”  When Lisa asked this, both Bryan and Erinn and couldn’t help but look at each other and smile.
“Ha ha ha!” shot back Erinn. “We are in the same boat as you all.  Now that we couldn’t make the movie, we were seeing what you all were doing and if you guys wanted to do something.”
“Well,” replied Darrell, “if you all want, we can go find haunted houses, like the one on Summer Crest Avenue!  I wanna do something fun tonight.”
After he suggested “that” house as the landmark they should visit, everyone looked at each other with a hint of fear in their young faces.  Darrell was a transfer student from another state.  The rest of the group was from southern Indiana except for him – and outsiders didn’t really know too much about the house, as it was rarely spoken of.  Therefore, if ignorance was bliss, then Darrell’s knowledge about the house could be considered euphoric.
“You mean… The Portal House?” asked Erinn, with the most puzzled look on her face.
“Yeah, why you all trippin’ like that?  You all scared or something?” inquired Darrell.
“Apparently, you have never heard of The Portal House, have you?” cut in Xavier, pointing at Darrell as he asked the question.
Darrell shook his head while replying “No,” and Xavier then stepped aside and used his arm to introduce Kyle.  “Kyle my man, take it away.  He knows everything,” and then with his tone raised, “I mean everything about the house.
“This is true,” chimed in Kyle. “Now, The Portal House, which is actually pronounced “Portalle –”
“Wait,” interrupted Darrell with a confused look on his face, “then why is it called The Portal –”
“Don’t worry, I’m getting to that,” Kyle said.  Then, taking a big breath and lighting up a cigarette, he continued: “The Portalle house used to be the house of the voodoo doctor, Dr. Portalle.  They say he killed his wife because she had an affair and was going to have someone else’s baby.  Then, out of nowhere, she disappeared…”
Here, Kyle paused to take a drag of his cigarette, and blew out the smoke before adding, “Never…to be seen…. again…”  He waved his arms around as if trying to be spooky and cried “woo woo” in  an attempt to mimic a ghost.  
After the laughs died down, Kyle was ready to continue:  “Now, of course, there is more,” he said as he took another puff of his menthol cigarette. “There is much that has been said about that house.  Oh yeah, by the way the voodoo doctor hasn’t been seen again either.  I forgot to mention that – ha ha.  Okay, some say that this house has appeared, on some days, to have vanished completely.  Gone!” Kyle said in a loud, booming voice, “Without a trace.  Some have thought that it was just invisible, while others have walked to where the house has been, and have reported they could walk through the area where it once stood.  So, that theory is out the window.  Then, on the same day, or sometimes the next night, it would appear back in the same exact spot, as if it never even left.  The legend goes that it is a vortex, or transporter, if you wish,” he said as he pointed with his arm to Darrell, “to a place unknown.”
With this, all eyes were on Kyle, as wide and surprised as if opening their gifts on Christmas morning or having just received an A on their exam.  “ Now, I’ve heard it goes to The Bermuda Triangle, while others have reported of it going to an alternate reality, and others swearing that it goes to the moon or Kansas, or some other weird fuckin' place like that.”  
Kyle paused yet again to finish his cigarette, and then quickly jumped right back in: “All of this is hearsay, as it has been passed down from generation to generation.  I’ve never heard of any reports or found any evidence to suggest any of this.  Personally, I have never even seen this house disappear.  Every time I have passed it, it has been here at this exact spot.  So, I really don’t believe in any of the stories or testimonies I have heard.”
“Wait, what do you mean… testimonies?” asked Darrell, with a desperately inquiring expression.
“Well,” answered Kyle, “I love this kind of stuff, so when I hear about things like this, I like to investigate.  Dude, I’m a nerd, I know, but I have interviewed and talked to the police about what people have said in my spare time and have talked to different witnesses that swear they saw something, and a lot of it seemed off.   My parents even paid for me to travel to Africa to do some anthropology work for school and spoke to some of the natives, as the voodoo guy was from Kenya, but had moved to Louisiana.  They had heard of him, and said he was bad news, you know, practiced the voodoo magic and stuff.  I even asked about Xhazul –” 
Kyle stopped himself, looked around, and added: “I mean, all the natives just seemed like they didn’t want to speak about him much.  Other than that, they made no mention of someone being able to make a house disappear or of any alternate reality.  I just think these people watch too much TV.  Enough with the SYFY channel!!!” he said and threw his arm with a fist into the air and shook it as if to curse the gods.  Everyone burst into laughter.
Then, despite all the voodoo talk, Darrell proceeded to ask, once again, “So, are we gonna check it out or what?”
Everyone looked at each other, and came to the same consensus by nodding: There was no way they would pass up an opportunity to see the house for themselves but, of course… from the inside.



Chapter 7: The Portal House



After deciding what their fun would be for the night, all that could be heard were the running of footsteps and the shouts of who could take who in their car.  Lisa, Darrell, and Xavier rode together while Bryan, Kyle, Jasmine and Erinn rode in Bryan’s Jeep.  It was a 2013 Jeep Wrangler with enough room to fit four and enough power to take on any terrain, which Bryan knew well since he had thoroughly broken the Jeep in over the past few months.  Once everyone piled in, both cars peeled out of the theater parking lot and took a left to leave for the outskirts of town in order to reach the haunted house.
While inside the car, Kyle lit up a cigarette, and right as Bryan saw the spark from the lighter, he was quick to shout, “Hey, no smoking in my car, man!”
“Are you kidding me?” asked Kyle, making a sound to indicate Bryan’s demand was ridiculous.  “This is an off-road jeep.  You take it through water, grass, and mountains.  A cigarette burn is the least of your worries to ruin the upholstery –” 
“I don’t care, put it out!” Bryan told Kyle, raising his voice.
“No, make me,” said Kyle as he threw up his arms in a manner as if to challenge and fight him, all the while forgetting that his cigarette was between the index and middle fingers of his right hand.  At that moment, ash and ember fell from the ceiling and a spot was left that burned a little above Kyle's head. 
 Bryan then yelled, “Are you fucking kidding me???  I’m gonna kill you when we get there!”  
Suddenly, the jeep swerved as Bryan’s anger got the best of him, and everyone inside caught their breath as they narrowly missed a tree.  “Sorry, sorry,” said Bryan, trying to calm himself down and focus on what was in front of him.
“You mind keeping your baby on the road?” asked Erinn, smiling and trying hard not to laugh, unlike Kyle who was still laughing from accidentally burning his ceiling.  Bryan, with his face still full of rage, managed to smile at her comment and then turned his eyes to the rear view mirror to glare at Kyle.
After his laughter died down, Kyle squeezed out an apology and assured Bryan he would give him money to cover the cost.
“It’s not about the money, dude,” shouted Bryan, “It’s about you acting stupid after I told you not to smoke in my car.  Then you think you can do what you want and end up fucking up.”
Everyone started laughing, and Kyle just sat there, blushing after being ridiculed by Bryan.  He just held his arm out the window with his cigarette pressed between his fingers, not ready to give in to the pressure to put it out.
“Well, baby, do you mind if I have a cigarette?” asked Erinn, in a child-like tone as if asking for a new toy in the store.
“Yeah, no point in stopping it now!” chuckled Bryan.  Erinn asked Kyle for a cigarette and he threw her a menthol.
“You got a lighter also?” questioned Erinn.
“Yeah, I can smoke it also if you like!” he returned and threw the lighter Erinn’s way.
“I got something you can smoke for burning my fucking ceiling!” shouted Bryan.  Laughter filled the car, along with smoke, while Kyle started handing out beers.  No one had ever seen Kyle not drink on the weekend, so it was no surprise he was able to conjure up some adult beverages.
“Here, we could all use a little bit of big boy juice to relax a little and have some fun!” Kyle said as he reached into his beer case to grab some.
Beers were tossed all through the jeep, and Bryan made sure no one forgot about him since he shouldn’t be excluded from the fun.  Next, the sound of caps popping from the bottles and carbonation could be heard throughout the vehicle.  Then came the sounds of sighs of enjoyment in the cold, refreshing taste of their drinks.  Kyle rolled up the window after finishing his cigarette and shivered a little.  The night was not particularly cold, but there was a bit of a chill in the air, enough to see one’s breath via ringlets of smoke emitted from their lungs every few seconds.
“Almost there…” stated Kyle in an eerie voice, looking around at everyone to see if anyone was getting scared or excited about what the night might hold for them.
“Oh yeah,” said Erinn, “you getting scared, Kyle? Jasmine? Bryan?” She asked, looking at each person as she said their name.  Everyone agreed that they were getting a little freaked out, but they just kept drinking to calm their nerves.
“Turn here!” shouted Kyle since Bryan almost passed the house, which was on the left.  Suddenly, they found themselves in the driveway to The Portal House.  A few seconds later, as they were driving up to it, the rest of the crew turned into the driveway and followed suit.  The house was about 700 feet from the road, yet both cars crept up the driveway slowly, as if afraid something was going to happen, such as a monster popping up from the bushes or a twister appearing out of nowhere.
After about a minute, both cars had stopped at the side of the house and turned them around, just in case anything were to happen as most of them did think, deep down, that there was every possibility that something could occur.  After turning around, everyone got out of the cars and huddled around, still gripping beers in their hands.  Kyle finished his and threw it to the side, almost hitting the stairs of the house.
“Man, we thought you were about to take a detour off the road, dude!” Darrell said as he hit Bryan in the chest.
“Yeah, no thanks to that dumb fuck.  After telling him not to smoke in my fuckin' jeep, he does it anyway and thinks he’s badass, then he burns my ceiling!” stated Bryan, with anger in his voice.
“I said I was sorry, dude.  I’ll give you some money. I always do!” Kyle said and winked at Bryan, although no one knew why he winked at him or even paid much attention to his comment.
“Yeah, whatever, I’m still gonna kill you for that,” said Bryan, who started chasing Kyle around in a circle while everyone was just pointing and laughing, perhaps some of them secretly wishing Kyle would get what he had coming to him.
After about a minute of Kyle ducking and dodging Bryan, they stopped, the both of them panting heavily.
“So,” started Jasmine, “this is The Portal House, huh?”
“Yup,” said Kyle, still panting. “Ain’t she a beautiful wreck?”
Everyone turned to look at the house with its dark presence and the green vines that were wrapping around its haunted exterior.
“So, this is the infamous ‘haunted house?” asked Darrell, making sure to put the words “haunted” and “house” in quotes using his index and middle fingers.
“Yeah, but oddly enough,” answered Kyle, as he lit up yet another cigarette, “no one really has ever seen a ghost in here – at least no one that I have talked to.”
“So, who’s first?” asked Darrell, so anxious to see what the entire buzz was about with this one house.  “Ladies first!” said Darrell who chuckled as he motioned his arm toward Bryan and Kyle to signal them to starting walking inside.
“This thing looks creepier up close!  Kyle, you got any more beer?” asked Xavier, rubbing his hands together to keep warm since his paper-thin hoodie wasn’t doing the job.  After restocking some beers in some empty hands, the group began to head inside, with Darrell at the lead, followed by Lisa, Bryan, Erinn, Jasmine, Kyle, and Xavier.



Chapter 8: Searching and Entering



Darrell turned the dark-looking doorknob and pushed his way in with a little bit of force, while the others followed him into the dark house.  The students pulled out their smart phones and opened the app with the flashlight so that their phones together lit up the doorway.  They all shined their lights in different directions and spaces as they walked forward into the creepy house.  The smell of mold was definitely present and the sounds of creaking floorboards could be heard echoing throughout the house.
“Damn, this place is creepy.  Blllluuuhhhhh,” Darrell said as the haunted atmosphere sent a chill down his back.
“You ain’t lying!” started Xavier.  “It’s so quiet and…. kinda scary.  This must be the living room.”  They all made their way into the living room.  It was quite a big place with a few pieces of furniture that included two arm chairs, two couches, a piano, and two staircases that led to the next floor.  To the right, the fireplace looked like it hadn’t been used in ages, yet there was wood beside it.  Above it was a painting of what looked like a village with some small huts surrounded by natives wearing brightly colored masks and with what appeared to be tribal symbols painted on their faces and bodies.
“Does anybody notice that it got warmer as we moved inside?” asked Erinn, now moving closer to Bryan for comfort and safety.
“Yeah, I did!” said Jasmine, followed by Darrell and Lisa who also acknowledged that they felt the same thing.
Everyone took a seat on a piece of furniture, with Erinn sitting on Bryan’s lap and Lisa sitting on Darrell’s.  The crowd sat speechless, just looking around at the different items around the room: Pictures of what looked like the last inhabitants of the house with his wife, pictures of friends, a dramatic red, yellow, green, and black tribal mask, and a very exotic-looking gold and purple oriental rug.  Everyone was thinking the same thing – it was probable that no one had been in this house since the owner’s demise since the expensive-looking objects would not have still been there.
“You wanna go check upstairs and… explore?” Bryan asked Erinn, winking and giving her butt a squeeze.  Erinn nodded and they said they would be back.  The two of them headed up the staircase holding hands while the others got up and started looking around.  Xavier started peering into the cabinets in the large kitchen and then suddenly screamed.
“What? You okay?” asked Jasmine.
“Yeah, I saw mice.  This house freaks me the hell out!” shouted Xavier.
“Dude, chill.  It’s okay. We are the only ones here.  Let’s just keep looking and when we find nothing, we’ll bail,” said Darrell.
Lisa just stared from the kitchen entrance, let out a big laugh, and backtracked to the living room and then searched around for a bit in the desk drawer and the coffee tables.  Then she started to head to the bathroom when she heard a girl’s laugh, and knew exactly who that was.  She turned around, and saw the others listening also, and they couldn’t help but grin.
Back upstairs, Bryan and Erinn were in one of the bedrooms, which looked like a spare since it was not very big and only contained the bed and a small nightstand.  Bryan had his hands around her waist while he was kissing her down the neck, then stopped to nibble at her ear.  He slid his hand over her ass and to her breasts, the both of them breathing hard, slowly undoing the button to her pants.  He dropped them to the floor while taking off his.  The two of them jumped on the bed, and she pinned him down, slid on top of him, and started going up and down; first slowly, then picking up speed.
Meanwhile, downstairs, the rest of the party kept searching, only stopping briefly to hear the sound of the creaking floor caused by the bed being rocked, while laughing and cheering them on.  Then, sounds of moaning could be heard from the upstairs bedroom.  Ten seconds later, Kyle appeared, with his arms behind his back.
“White boy, where have you been?” asked Lisa, only to notice that the creaking and banging had quickened its pace upstairs.  “We haven’t seen you or even heard your ass since we got here!”
“I’ve been looking around,” said Kyle suspiciously.   
“What you got behind your back?” asked Lisa.
“Just a book I found,” said Kyle, giving Darrell a book while stealthily slipping another book under his hoodie and halfway into his pants without anyone noticing as they stared at the book in Darrell’s hands.  However, Xavier was watching Kyle the whole time and noticed him slip the book under his clothing.  “Turn to page 249.”
Darrell turned the book to the respective page and saw the picture of a box.  “Xhazul’s Box, by Dr. Lannen,” whispered Darrell.  He looked up at Kyle, and he made a motion to keep reading.  “A rare artifact, it is said that this box has the ability to absorb powers from others – for example, witches, wizards, and those that practice voodoo and dark magic – and store them inside of it in order to put the powers into one’s body.  That is for humans.  However,” and with this, Darrell looked up while everyone looked eager for him to continue. 
 “However, this functions as something else to those who dabble in black magic and voodoo.  Anyone who practices black magic or voodoo can use the box for something else.  Once known, it has been said that one can activate its ability to do anything the owner desires.  Legend has it that it could be used to travel through space, time, and even to a hidden location at the bottom of the sea that is said to be the home of something rare and mystical.  Something that has been said to have been sought after by many, but found by none… except one.  His name was Xhazul Mijnak, the founder of the mysterious box.
“It is said that Xhazul was betrayed by his wife, so in his agony and with his magical powers, and a sacrifice that no one could ever make, he crafted three artifacts: the box (Xhazul’s Box), a key for opening it, although it has been said that it does much more than that, and the rare item called The Rainbow Sphere.  All three items would lead to the secret place.  He actually built the secret location and left no clues to find it, except that once the box and key are found, a clue would be found, although no instructions have been passed on for how to find the clue.  Xhazul did say that ‘At the hidden place lies the item that men would kill for, women would give up their first born child for, and one would end their life for.”
Darrell looked up as if his mind was blown, shook his head in disbelief, and continued on: “The box’s whereabouts are unknown and the key has been shrouded in mystery.  I have written more about the key in another book, but mainly, it is said to be found in The Rainbow Sphere.  Through the codes and texts, it is believed that the sphere is not what it appears to be – a riddle to drive even the sanest men mad searching for the artifact.  
However, it has never been seen except by the maker himself, so all of this is speculation and details of those who have tried their whole lives searching, including myself.  The only reason I know about it is because I stumbled upon the ultimate clue: A relative with whom Xhazul shared the secret.
“Through years and years of searching, turning Africa on its head, I discovered the woman, a distant cousin who shared the love of black magic.  I swear the translation was correct, but she was as clear as day: ‘The artifact of which you seek is a riddle that when spoken, the answer he gives to me.  Reveal its true identity.’  That was all she would say.  So after thinking, and some wine, and more thinking coupled with more wine, I had discovered the answer.  Oddly enough as it is clever, it was simple:  The Rainbow Sphere was…”
With that, Darrell looked up while the others were almost at the point of shouting for him to carry on with the story.  
“I can’t,” replied Darrell, looking as if he had just seen a ghost.  “As I was reading, I was reading ahead and noticed the words were disappearing fast, like slowly phasing off of the page as I got close to the word ‘sphere.’”  And with that, he showed everyone the book and the part where the words had started to disappear.
Suddenly, everyone was startled by footsteps on the creaky stairs, and they turned around in unison only to see Erinn and Bryan walking down, both looking as though they just had the wildest time of their lives.  “Hey, guys, what’s up?” asked Bryan, smiling from the left side of his face to the right, with his dimples showing like craters in the moon.
“Trying to read this haunted book about a box before the words disappear,” shouted Darrell, still holding the book open.  Erinn caught a glimpse of the book and had the most puzzling look on her face when she saw the picture of the box.  She started heading closer to it until Darrell closed it quickly and threw it.
“Man, I’m not reading any more of that freaky shit.  This place creeps me the fuck out.  I’m about to leave,” stated Darrell, pacing back and forth with both hands interlaced on the back of his head.
“What’s wrong?  What’d you see?” asked Bryan to Erinn as he put his hand on her shoulder.
She stepped back to him, stepping back into his arms, and said, “Nothing.  I thought I saw something in the picture, something familiar.  What was in that book?” she asked to the rest of her friends with a confused look on her face.
“Nothing really, just some crazy mumbo-jumbo about an ancient box and a key that could give you magical powers and take you somewhere secret.  Then apparently the words started disappearing – so Darrell is freaking out,” said Xavier, laughing when Darrell shouted that it wasn’t funny and started towards him.
Bryan, a little more muscular than Darrell, stepped in between him and Xavier, and shouted, “That’s enough.  Chill out, bro.  Everything is okay.  We’ll bail in a few, alright?”
“No!” shouted Kyle, “We can’t leave until we find it.”
“Find what?” interrupted Lisa.
“The Rainbow Sphere.  It’s here, I know it is.  I’ve done my research and got a tip that it would be here!
“Are you kidding me?” asked Lisa.  “You actually believe in that voodoo crap?  White boy, you are so far gone—”
“Look, it is here, I know it is.  It exists.  If you don’t believe me, ask Darrell what happened on the pages of that old ass book!” said Kyle as he started looking around and turning over everything, from the fireplace to the couches to the table to the curtains.  He turned around after noticing everyone was looking at him as if he were mentally disturbed, and said firmly, “Come on!  You all going to help or what?”
“We don’t even know what we are looking for!”
“I do,” said Kyle as he pointed to his chest with his index finger.  “It is a sphere-like thing that is about ten inches by ten.”
“And colorful, like a rainbow, right?” questioned Xavier.
“Ha! Sure…” said Kyle in a mysterious voice.  “Actually, that is wrong, I believe.  Think of the riddle: ‘The artifact of which you seek is a riddle that when spoken, the answer he gives to me.  Reveal its true identity.’  Think about it!
“What do you mean?” asked Darrell, stopping and standing up to look at him.
“Okay, I’ve thought about this for a while.  ‘The artifact that which you seek’ means of course The Rainbow Sphere.”
“Yeah…” and Xavier motioned for Kyle to continue.
“And the rest, ‘a riddle that when spoken, the answer he gives to me.  Reveal its true identity.’  Now, I thought long and hard over this.  It came to me when I went to high school to pick up my little brother.  I saw some Goth kids.  Then it dawned on me: Why would someone like Xhazul like colorful colors?”
Everyone looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders.
“Because he wants to trick those that want to find his box.  The answer is in the riddle because he practices voodoo magic which is very dark.  What better way to disguise something than to describe it as something it is not.  What is the one color that is not a color in a rainbow and that symbolizes his life?”
There was a three second pause, and then at the same time “Black!” was shouted by Xavier, Jasmine, and Lisa.
“That’s right!  The Rainbow Sphere is black!”  
Suddenly, at that very moment, everyone heard a “thud” in the middle of the living room.  There it laid, moving from side to side until it quit... remaining motionless.  As black as night, a sphere-like object lay on the floor with each of the blocks on the bottom and sides of the sphere touching the ground.  There were indentations on all sides of the sphere due to every other square protruding.  Everyone darted their eyes to each other but stood frozen in place.  They all wondered how that appeared out of nowhere: How did this get here?  Did someone pull a secret lever?
“Now, that is spooky!” shouted Lisa, moving closer to Darrell.  
Still frozen, everyone just looked at Kyle.  He kept staring at the artifact, all the while a smile starting to move across his face.  He began to move towards the sphere-shaped box, reached out, and grabbed it.  He lifted it up to his face, examining it closely with his eyes, which seemed to twinkle with inquisitive satisfaction.
“I can’t believe I found it.  It does exist!” he said while smiling and laughing.
“That is crazy,” said Xavier. “This can’t be possible.  Magical shit doesn’t exist and neither can this.  This is a dream.  Wake up, wake up!” he said as he starting hitting the top of his head with his hand.
Kyle started twisting and moving the artifact in his hand, trying to figure out how to work it or how to open it.  
“What are you doing?” asked Jasmine while staring at the black sphere and watching it rotate and turn in his hands.
“Trying to open it.  Any suggestions?”  Kyle asked, looking up at everyone, but no one had any ideas.  Someone suggested throwing it in the air.  Lisa said he should try and say some incantation while Erinn suggested pushing on the blocks.  
Kyle suddenly appeared to be leaning to his right side, as if listening to someone whisper something into his ear.  He then smiled and tackled the puzzle.  With both of his thumbs and middle fingers, Kyle first searched through the symbols on the blocks and then pressed four of them all in at once.  There was a brief pause.  
Kyle looked up at everyone, smirking as if he discovered the lost city of Atlantis.  The next thing everyone knew, every color of the rainbow emitted from the sphere and Kyle released it… yet it was floating.  While it was floating, the beautiful colors swirled around the black, floating sphere and then spiraled up to form a figure of a dark-colored mask with glowing green eyes and blood-red designs on it.  
Erinn thought the figure appeared to be about as big as her Volkswagen. Everyone looked at it in horror and shock, and then it started speaking with a bellowing, bone-chilling voice: 
“Thou hast awoken Xhazul’s Guardian.  I am responsible for keeping all that is his hidden from the world.  The artifact of which you seek is a riddle that when spoken, the answer he gives to me.  Reveal its true identity.”  After it spoke, everyone looked at each other with confusion.  They thought they had solved the riddle, and now there was more?  Then all eyes centered on Kyle, looking for answers from the nerd of the group on this sort of stuff.  
Kyle shrugged innocently and then said in a whisper-like voice, “I dunno what to say.  I thought we solved the riddle?  I don’t know what we are supposed to say or what the answer is.”
Darrell walked up to it and examined it from side to side, front to back.  The huge figure, just floating and staring straight ahead with those glowing-green eyes, did nothing while being examined in great detail.  He finally worked up his courage in an attempt to touch it, but his hand just went straight through, which caused him to lose his balance.  After regaining his balance, he got the courage to ask the dark mask, “I thought we answered the riddle.  Are you telling us there is a second one?”
As he ended his question, Kyle started yelling “No” and walked towards Darrell, but it was too late.
“That is not the answer.  You will not go unrewarded.  The power of 7 shall guide the 8th.  You all will receive your part.  The time starts so you can wait.  At the five days end, it will be shown to 2 of seven.”
Once finished, all seven individuals were lifted into the air as if they weighed nothing and beams of light shot to each person, each streak of light representing each color absent from the sphere: Red, blue, green, pink, yellow, orange, and purple.  After the light finished passing into each human being, they all fell to the floor and the dark figure disappeared back into The Rainbow Sphere, which then dropped to the floor.  The individuals got up slowly and looked at each other, still shocked at what just happened.  All of them patted themselves to see if they were dead or alive, and then Jasmine pointed everyone’s attention to the sphere.  It had turned from black to a multi-colored sphere.
“Whoa,” said Darrell and Xavier at the same time.
Kyle picked back up the sphere and tried to push the same buttons he had before but to no avail.
“Kyle, put that thing down!” shouted Bryan, with a hint of fear in his voice.
Everyone was speechless.  No one said a word for about a minute, and no one ever really moved from their spots.  Still trying to wrap their heads around what had just happened, it was no surprise that everyone was thinking the same thing, but Erinn was the first one to break the silence: “No one will ever believe what just fucking happened!  I gotta sit down; there is no way that just happened!” and with that, everyone agreed and followed suit.  The time was 8:38 on Day 1.



Chapter 9: Freaking Out?



Erinn, Bryan, Kyle, Darrell, Lisa, Jasmine, and Xavier all sat silently.  Bryan was caressing Erinn’s head that was resting on his lap.  Xavier just stared blankly while rubbing his glasses with his shirt.  Lisa’s head was propped up on Darrell’s shoulder.  Jasmine and Kyle were sitting next to each other with one of his arms around her shoulder.  No one dared say a word, but they were all thinking about what had just taken place in The Portal House.
Finally, after several minutes of silence, Jasmine’s soothing voice cut the thick silence: “So, are we not going to mention this to anyone?”
“Are you serious?  Who the hell would believe us?” snapped back Xavier.
“Yeah, I’m with him.  There is no fuckin' way I’m saying shit to anyone,” added Darrell, shaking his head from side to side.
Kyle then got up from the couch and grabbed the colorful sphere and started pushing everywhere on it while shaking it, as if it would open.
“Dude, Kyle, put that creepy thing down before it comes back and puts more stuff in us!”
Kyle ignored Darrell and kept trying to make the artifact open up somehow.
“And by the way,” continued Darrell, “what did it mean that we would go unrewarded and give us all ‘our’ part?  And the power of 7 will guide the 8th?  That makes no sense —”
Then, all of a sudden, Erinn felt the house begin to shake violently and their bodies started to vibrate with the floor.  Parts of the ceiling started to fall and a green flame ignited in the fireplace.  The girls began screaming and the guys panicked just as quickly.  Everyone shot up and started to run while trying to avoid the falling ceiling fragments and keeping themselves from falling into the holes created from spaces disappearing on the floor.  While trying to make their way to the door, they were stopped by the mask that had lain on the ground before.  It floated up and hovered at the entrance to the hallway, its eyes glowing dark red.  
“This way!” screamed Lisa, pointing to the kitchen.
They detoured through the dining area and into the kitchen where the drawers were rattling with silverware.  They looked up to see knives shaking in the air, and Bryan told everyone to run and duck.  They bolted through the room, trying to avoid the cutlery at all costs.  Darrell was not so lucky, as he took a chopping knife to the chest, yet continued to run like hell.  
Once they made it through the kitchen, they followed the path to the hallway.  Green and purple fireballs were shooting out from the living room, and more holes seemed to be appearing on the floor.  They had to almost play hopscotch to make it to the hallway in order to avoid falling through the holes in the floor.  Xavier almost didn’t make it, but missed as he jumped and started to fall through – until his hands grasped the floor’s edge.  
Right before it gave way, Kyle reached out to grab his arm and pull up his friend.  They bolted to the door, which was slamming open and shut, and in the distance, they heard the window glass break.  Rocks started blowing inside the house and then swirling around to form a cyclone of boulders.
One by one they started heaving themselves outside, and right when Erinn reached the door, it slammed shut.  Nowhere to go, she looked around for another escape route, yet there was none.  The Rainbow Sphere heaved itself into the air and started emitting light.  It seemed to be charging and it kept doing so for a few seconds while Erinn just sat there in shock.  
Then, with one big blast, a dark-shadow ball shot towards Erinn.  She looked left and right, but no path was visible.  One side was full of green fire while the other just dark from where the floor used to be.  Then, before Erinn could react, the fireball got within inches of Erinn.  As it got closer, she quickly noticed that it almost resembled Lisa’s face…
“Hey, Erinn!?” Bryan shouted sternly, massaging her shoulders.
She looked around at everyone that was huddled around her and went from face to face, with a terrified expression written on her face.  “What.... what happened?” she asked the group.
“Girl, you were day dreaming or something and making all kinds of crazy noises! And then your mouth filled with some kind of white light.  You okay?” Lisa asked with her face only inches away from Erinn’s.
“Yeah,” she replied, seeing that she was surrounded by Lisa, Bryan, and Darrell.  “I just had a bad dream.” And with that, she explained what she had just witnessed, from the house coming alive to the floors disappearing to the green fire.  She then asked, “What happened to Kyle?” after seeing Jasmine and Xavier huddled around Kyle across the room.
“You and Kyle were doing the same thing – both of you looked like you fell asleep, and then you guys started making sounds as white light appeared in your mouths.  We thought you all were dying or freaking out or something.”  After Bryan explained what happened, they all agreed it was time to leave that forsaken house and call it a night.  Erinn just sat there staring at Kyle who had the same scared look she did.  He stared back at her, shaking his head with wide eyes as if he was making an attempt to say he also could not believe what had just happened.
“Aight, this is getting way to fuckin' creepy for me. I'm out!” Darrell stated.
“Yeah, me too!” Xavier and Anna said.  
“Yeah, this shit is whack!  Let's dip!” shouted Lisa.  The rest of the group agreed and started heading towards the front door.
They all filed outside and Jasmine, being the last one out, shut the door behind her.  Since they had entered the haunted house, the grounds had become submerged in fog as moisture had arisen from the nearby river while temperatures had dropped about twenty degrees.  They all jumped into the cars they came in, and Kyle started passing out beers to everyone.  No one turned down a beer, especially after what they all had just witnessed.  Kyle lit up a cigarette after they started out of the parking lot.  Then Erinn, and even Bryan, asked for a menthol cigarette, which Kyle gladly passed up to each of them.
The whole trip was shrouded in darkness except for the lights from passing cars momentarily shining on their faces.  Not a peep came from a single person in Bryan’s jeep.  Ten minutes later, they reached the movie theater, and everyone hopped out of his Jeep, including Erinn.  She went to Bryan’s side and gave him a kiss goodbye, with the blanket of silence still wrapped around the thrill seekers.  She told him that she would text him later.  He agreed with one more peck on the lips, and Erinn and the others walked to their cars.  
The rest of the group arrived, and everyone waved and said “bye,” but that was about it.  Everyone mentioned texting later, and then Erinn got into her Volkswagen, put her hands on the wheel, resting her head on them.  After about a minute, she started the car and headed home.



Chapter 10: Voices



“Erinn, we are with you.  You have nothing to worry about!  We love you and will be at your side,” said the voices in her head.  
She still sat on the floor, with her arms wrapped around her knees, almost in a fetal position.
Then she got up and starting shouting, “Who are you!? What do you want with me!?” she screamed and shouted so desperately that she started coughing and choking.  “Why don’t you answer me?  What are you afraid of?” 
There was no answer except for the sound of her voice echoing off the walls and the ticking of the lights going off and on.  The time was 8:47 pm.



Chapter 11: The Clock Starts



Saturday, Day 1.  After an intense and electrifying night, she woke up to her brother and sister fighting over who was going to use the bathroom first.  This was the normal morning routine in the Forrester household, although worse on school days.  After rolling over and throwing the blanket across her head in attempt to block out the outbursts coming from the hall, she looked over at her phone to see what time it was.
She read a text from Bryan which lay on the surface of her iPhone: “Good morning, beautiful!  How r u doin today?  What a crazy nite we had!”  She smiled and giggled, then responded back, “Hey handsome, im good.  Yeah, I woke up and thought last nite was a dream.  Wut r u doin?”   She then rolled out of bed, opened her door,  pushed her siblings out of the way, and slammed the bathroom door shut, turning the lock.
“Hey!” the two of them shouted simultaneously, yet were ignored.  They started calling “Mom!” to complain about Erinn when they heard the shower faucet turn on.
After using the bathroom, showering, and brushing her teeth, she unlocked the door and came out with just a red towel wrapped around her.  Her siblings were just sitting against the wall, although they could have just used the other bathrooms downstairs.
Erinn headed to her room and shut the door behind her.  After whipping off the towel and throwing it on her bed, she grabbed her phone and brought it toward her bare skin to read the reply from Bryan: “Not much, just chillin’.  U wanna do sumthin 2day?”  She then wrote back: “Sure, wut time?”
After answering his text, she threw the phone onto the bed and went into a dresser drawer to pull out a pink thong and blue, tight-fitting yoga pants.  She sat on the bed to put them on when she felt the bed vibrate.  She reached for her phone and saw the text from Bryan: “Idk, I don’t have n-e-thing planned.  How bout 3?”  She answered his text and got ready to see her date in about three hours.  She planned to just wear the yoga pants and a hoodie that she bought the other weekend.
After getting dressed and before heading downstairs, she texted Lisa and asked her how she was doing.  Then she went downstairs to make some toast with grape jelly and butter.  “Hey there, how was your date last night?” asked her mom, sipping coffee and reading the morning paper.
“It was good.  We went to Le Parreu’ and saw a movie.  The movie was hilarious,” she lied, “and then we met up with some friends.  I’m gonna meet him at about three and we will hang out for a bit.”
“That’s nice!  Just make sure to keep your grades up and study!” said her mom with a tone that suggested she better study and maintain her marks.
“I know, mom!” replied Erinn with a tone that hinted she had been told this before.
“Well, your father and I are going out tonight, so make sure you are home by seven o’clock so you can watch your brother and sister.”
“Okay,” she said as she rummaged through the refrigerator to find some orange juice.  She went to the cabinet to pull out a glass and was reminded of the night before when she was searching the cabinets in The Portal House, looking for The Rainbow Sphere.  She poured the orange juice while thinking about all that had happened the previous night.  She noticed that Lisa had texted her back, saying that she was still freaked out and that Darrell and her were hanging out.  Erinn texted her back: “Girl, u all hang out an awful lot for two people that are ‘friends’ and nothing more.”
She then put her phone in her pocket and brought the orange juice with the toast to the living room and turned on the television.  Their living room was quite big: There were two brown and green vases above the chimney, paintings of a river and their family around the room, family portraits on each table, a 52-inch flat screen TV, and a surround sound system that would make any viewer feel as if they were right there in the movie they were watching.  Her mom sat at the computer on Facebook while Erinn surfed through the TV channels, with her dad sitting on the chair beside her reading one of his novels.  She continued to eat and text Lisa, discussing who they had told about the night before, what mid-terms they had coming up, and how classes were going.  Then she received a call and noticed on the caller ID that it was Kyle.
“Hey, what’s up?” asked Erinn, but there was nothing but heavy breathing on the other end.  
Then, she heard a voice: “Hello, Erinn,” the voice said, but it was not Kyle’s.  She thought that it sounded deep and calm, yet sinister.  All of a sudden, static could be heard and she ended the call.  
“Weird,” she thought and then tossed the phone next to her and continued eating her toast and channel surfing since it was just one more strange incident in a string of recent paranormal occurrences in her life.
About thirty minutes later, she noticed that her mom was done with the computer.  After eating and finding absolutely nothing to watch on TV, she decided to fire up the Mac desktop and began searching for an answer from last night.  Up popped the main screen, with its stunning visual quality of the Milky Way in the background.  She opened up Safari and typed in Google to start looking for any information on Xhazul’s Box.
Her fingers typed in “Xhazul’s Box” with lightening fast speed and within seconds thousands upon thousands of search results came up, although not all were even related to the search item in question.  She clicked on the first search result and waited for the page to load.  The page loaded and soon a picture of the box appeared with writing below it.
Erinn stared at the box and thought it looked very familiar, as if she had seen it before.  It was a maple-colored box with black writing on the bottom that said “Xhazul.”  The box looked as if it were a machine of some sort, with pulley systems and cogs on it.  Erinn started reading:  “Xhazul’s Box can be described as a legend that was once popular but now thought of as folklore.  Once said to be the box created by Xhazul Mijnak, it was believed that it contained mystical powers that is divided into two: One power, that is, for those that practice voodoo/dark magic, and the other for regular humans.  But there has been talk of a third power it possesses: The power to find a secret location with a rare item possessing a force unknown except by its maker.  The box is said to only be able to be opened by two keys – both keys being found in something called “The Rainbow Sphere.”  Legend has it that there is a riddle surrounding the keys and rumors have surfaced that one of the keys is not even a physical key, whatever that means.”
Erinn stopped reading for a moment to ponder the phrase.  “One of the keys is not even a physical key,” and then continued reading: “The box throughout the years has had many different descriptions, but one writer who claimed to have had knowledge about the artifact, made a statement in one of his books that were called preposterous over the years: Without the vision, Xhazul’s Box will appear ordinary, like a reddish box with his engraving at the bottom.  To one that holds the key, the true form will be revealed.”  Erinn read a little more, but the rest of it was what either she already knew or accounts from others that seemed to be nonsense.  After discovering there was no real information left to learn, she clicked the back button and tried another page, which basically said the same thing.
She then scooted the chair back, stood up, and went back over to the TV to kill some time before seeing Bryan.  She reflected on the previous night and what she had seen and dreamt.  None if it made any sense, and she decided to drown out her thoughts with some boring reality shows.  She flipped from channel 169, to 170, to 171, and stopped on 172 as the remote dropped from her hand and hit the floor.  She just stared at the TV, looked at her dad, who was still reading his book, and then back to the TV.  Her jaw dropped as far as it would go, and she continued staring at the TV with a look that suggested she was equally confused and terrified.	



Chapter 12: A Message from Beyond



“4 More Days, Erinn.”
The words were showing on the black TV screen in bold, red letters.
 “Dad, do you see this?” asked Erinn, interrupting her dad from his book as she kept her eyes fixed upon the TV.  
He looked up at her, glanced at the TV, and said, “Yeah, I can’t believe that someone would take a gun to school.  Kids nowadays have their lives threatened when others bring weapons to school.  I hope he gets expelled!”
Erinn looked back at the TV to see the breaking story about a kid getting in trouble for bringing his dad’s gun to school.
“What?” Erinn asked herself as she turned the channel up and then back down.  “No, it showed my name on the TV and… never mind,” sighed Erinn as she put the remote down, stood up, and said she was going to her room.  
Once in her room, she closed the door behind her, jumped on her bed, and started texting Bryan and Lisa about what had just happened.  Lisa called her right away, and she started going on about what appeared on the TV screen and how it was a result of the previous night’s encounters.  Lisa assured her that it was probably just her imagination and that a broadcasting station wouldn’t interrupt its normal programming to send her a threat of “4 More Days.”
“Look, I know what I saw, Lisa!  I didn’t imagine it, it was real!” said Erinn, her voice getting louder and growing with annoyance.  “Have you seen anything strange since last night?”
“Nah, girl.  I’ve been talking to Darrell and he hasn’t mentioned anything about any crazy shit happening.  We goin’ to the mall later so I can find me a new winter jacket.  What you gettin’ into tonight?”
“Hangin’ with Bryan—”  At that moment she was cut off by the sound of a door bell.  Then her mom shouted for her, and she told Lisa she had to go.  Suddenly, someone knocked on her bedroom door and she opened it: To her surprise, it was Kyle.
“Hey, you mind if I come in?” asked Kyle.
“Yeah, sure.  What’s up?” replied Erinn.
“Did you get my call earlier?” he asked as he was entering her room.
“Yeah, but I heard a voice that wasn’t yours, and all it said was hello and my name.  Then, I heard nothing but static and I cut it off.  Was that you?”
“Nah, I tried calling you but I just heard a voice and it said ‘four more days,’ which I have no idea what that means!”
“Are you serious? That wasn’t you?”
“Nope.” he answered, looking around the room from her bed to the closet to the dresser.
“That is crazy, because '4 more days' appeared on my TV!”
“No way!  It’s true!” shouted Kyle, staring at her dresser.  Erinn thought he looked as though he had just seen a ghost.  “Oh my god, I gotta go.  I’ll talk to you later!”
“Wait, what’s wrong?”
“Nothing,” he said, walking down the hall and down the stairs, “I just remembered something.”  He bolted out the door and drove off quickly.  
Erinn just stood there in confusion, looked at her dresser, and rolled her eyes and said, “What a freak!”  With that, she jumped back on her bed and laid her head on her fluffy, satin pillow.



Chapter 13: Drugs, Sex, and Crashes



She received a text from Bryan saying that he was on his way and would be there in seven minutes.   She replied back to him that she would be ready and then pulled up her hair and dabbed some makeup onto her beautiful face.  She headed outside just as Bryan pulled up in his Jeep, this time with a little bit of mud on it.  He got out of the car wearing his red t-shirt that accentuated his bulging biceps and blue jeans that did him justice.  He gave Erinn a big kiss while grabbing her butt and giving it a squeeze.
“Mmmm, how you doing, sexy?” she asked.
“Good and you?”
“I’m good.  Kyle was just here, but he left freaking out and acting weird, like he saw something in my room.”
“Really?  That’s weird.  So, I was thinking, how about we stay here tonight?”
“Nah, not tonight.  I gotta babysit my brother and sister, so we won’t get any privacy, if you know what I mean…” flirted Erinn.
“Oh, I won’t mind! Really, I won’t,” insisted Bryan.
“Not tonight, babe.  Come on, let’s go.”  So they got in his jeep and they pulled out of the driveway.  
Bryan looked a little disappointed, but he wiped the look off his face and said: “I know a place we could go where we can get privacy.”  Erinn agreed, and they drove about seventeen more minutes to a spot that overlooked the city.  On the way, he said, “You look a little bit out of it.  Anything wrong?”
“Just thinkin’ about last night.  I’ve been seeing some crazy stuff over the past few days, even before we went to The Portal House.”
“Seen stuff like what?”
“Well, I thought I saw a figure of a dark man in my yard, like a shadow.  Then, before I saw you at the restaurant, I fell out of my car and saw a creepy fog some cars down, but when I got up, there was no one.  Then today, I saw ‘4 More Days’ on the TV, but my dad never saw it.  I’m just freaking out and a little scared.  Not to mention the house almost killing me, yet none of you all saw the house come alive.”
“Kyle described the same thing you did, so if you all saw something, you both saw the same thing.  It’s okay – you just need something to help you relax.”  Bryan reached into his center console and pulled out a joint.  Erinn smiled and asked for a lighter.  He handed it to her and told her to start it up.  She put the “funny cigarette” to her mouth, sparked the flame, and inhaled.
She let the smoke hit her brain for a few seconds, and then exhaled, passing it to Bryan.  “God that hit the spot,” she stated, leaning her seat back and interlacing her hands behind her head.  Bryan smiled, and the two of them finished the joint before reaching the love location.  She just stared out the window as he turned into the spot, the effects of the weed making her feel high and good.  “Well, we’re here,”  he said as he put his hand in her lap and leaned in to kiss her ear.
“It’s beautiful,” interrupted Erinn.
“What?  The sight?”
“Yeah.  Everyone living their lives and going on about their business, not knowing what is in this fucking town.”
“Well, I know what’s in this town,” he said as he cupped her tits with one hand while undoing her seat belt with the other.  She smiled and laughed as he was kissing her neck.
“Sorry.  I’m just high as fuck right now – it feels good,” she said as he started kissing her breasts and cupping her ass cheek with a firm grip.  The windows and the windshield began fogging up as they started kissing passionately.  Soon enough, their clothes came off one by one.  From the outside, one could see the car shaking and the sounds of the shocks could be heard, with Bryan’s head going up and down, matching the rhythm of the car.  Moans could be heard from a couple of feet away from the car and about five minutes later, they shifted positions so that she was on top, only wearing her hoodie.  Six minutes later, they finished and started getting dressed.  With their clothes back on, they moved to the front seat, rolled down the windows, and lit up their cigarettes.  Relaxed and still sex-drunk, the two of them sat in silence while peering out the breath-stained windshield to the city.  
“God, you’re good,” Erinn said, breaking the silence.
“Thanks, you’re not too bad yourself,” he replied, smiling and winking at her gorgeous beauty.  Then she grabbed his non-smoking hand and held it tight to her chest.  For the next two hours, they talked more about their lives so they could get to know each other more, especially since what they had could evolve into something more.
“Well, we should get you back home.  It’s almost seven!” Bryan said.  He started his jeep and pulled out of the parking space and headed towards her house.  The sun was just beginning to set, and some cars they passed had already started turning on their headlights.
A few minutes down the road, Erinn saw a car start to pass on the left side of another.  With her eyes squinted, she tried to see how fast it was going as it seemed to be getting closer by the second.  It was coming pretty fast – and then green fire appeared to engulf the oncoming vehicle. 
 “Bryan, look out!” she shouted – but before he could react, the car collided with the jeep, sending them over the edge of the guard rail separating the highway from the mountain drop.  Down they went, both screaming in horror, as butterflies started to fill their stomachs.  Down and down they went, 300 feet down, crashing and crashing.  Right before they reached the bottom, Bryan exclaimed, “Erinn, Erinn!  Snap out of it!” while shaking her thighs.  She looked around, sweat appearing on her forehead and arms.
“Oh my god, did we miss it?” she asked him with terror in her tone.
“Miss what?”
“The car!  The car that caught fire!”
“Erinn, what are you talking about?  Nothing happened,” he said, with a confused look on his face. “You acted like you did last night. You had a blank stare in your eyes and white light was coming from your mouth.  You were like that for about a minute, and I was trying to wake you the whole time!”
“So, we didn’t go off of a cliff?”
Laughing hysterically, he finally answered, “No, we left about five minutes ago.  You’ll be home in ten.  You really need to make sure you get some sleep tonight!”
“Yeah, I did have some bad dreams last night.  But I wonder where the white light comes from and why it keeps on appearing.”
“I dunno, but it’s scary!”  exclaimed Bryan.
She put her arm on the window and rested her head on her hand.  Soon they had arrived at her house.  The two of them said their goodbyes with kisses, hugs, and gropes, and then Erinn walked inside.  She was able to make it home before her parents left for their date night.  Then they said goodbye to their kids and left, each kissing their offspring on the head.  Once the door shut, Erinn turned to Phil and Ashley and said, “Just make sure you dorks don’t bother me for the rest of the night!”
Then they looked at Erinn with dark eyes and said jointly in voices sinister and foreboding, “Erinn, where is the key?”  
“What?” she said as they kept on asking her the question, with fear and confusion all over her face.
They kept repeating it and as Erinn kept looking at them and realizing what they were asking, she screamed at the top of her lungs and bounded upstairs, making sure she skipped every other stair step.
The two of them heard the door slam and then looked at each other, shrugged their shoulders, and Phil said, “What’s her deal? I just asked what was for dinner!”  Then they went in the other room and turned on the TV to watch Nickelodeon.
The rest of her Saturday night included studying for her child psychology mid-term exam, only to be interrupted through the night by the texts of Bryan and Lisa; Bryan was just sexting while Erinn described to Lisa what she had done and seen earlier that day.
After her parents got home, she decided to go to bed.  She just stared at her ceiling, thinking about all of the crazy events that had happened and how she felt like giving up.  Tears started coming from her eyes after realizing that she must be going crazy since no one else could see what she saw.  Soon enough, her tears and whimpers subsided and she fell asleep while thinking of Bryan.



Chapter 14: Trapped



Erinn paced back and forth, trying to wrap her head around what was happening and pleading for someone to let her go.  Little by little her voice was getting raspier and fainter from all the time she spent screaming at the ceiling and walls.  She noticed that the smell of sea water was getting stronger and stronger by the minute.
Suddenly, something thrashed on the bars that held her imprisoned, causing almost the whole room to vibrate.  There it stood with its beady red eyes, tentacles flaring on each arm, a scuba helmet and dark wetsuit with red seams.  It was a horrific sight even before the weird purple, green, and red spiral appeared behind the creature and began growing at a fast rate.  
Then all of a sudden: CRACK!  
Out from behind the creature sounded a voice that would sound chills down the devil’s back himself: “Don’t worry, the Tentaculace won’t hurt you unless I command it,” came a calm, sinister voice from the darkness that sounded strangely familiar.  “Erinn, how are you?”
Erinn looked puzzled and tried to understand what was happening… for she thought this was all a dream.  But there stood the beast and a figure that appeared to command the Tentaculace.  “But who was he?” she wondered.  The figure was dark, like that of a shadow silhouette, with slicked back hair that was not hair at all, but rather smoke that was serving as hair.  His wardrobe was simple – a pitch-black robe that went all the way to the ground and bore strange-looking symbols on the back that appeared to pertain to black magic.  He was floating about five inches from the ground, and he moved towards Erinn where he hovered closer to her cell.
“Who are you?” she asked with a hint of fear in her voice.
The figure chuckled for a moment, then replied, “In due time, Erinn, in due time.  That is not of importance right now.  My name is Vartan and I need your help, Erinn!  My focus,” Vartan paused for a moment to correct himself, “I mean, OUR focus is simple.  I need your part, Erinn.”
“Part,” she asked with confusion written all over her face. “What do you mean – part?”
Vartan laughed, then stated, “I’m sorry, I meant parts.  One you have, the other I will need later.  You have a piece of the map, Erinn.  And I am going to need that from you so we can find it!  So you can take us there.”
“Take us where?” Erinn asked.
“To the Island of the nUkRar doennwa!”
“Where is that?  I have never heard of it before.”
He laughed hysterically and then shouted, “Of course you have never heard of that island before.  Let me show you why!” and with that, he held out his hand and turned to his left and blasted green and grey fireballs at the gray bricks in the wall multiple times.  After a few seconds, Erinn stared at the wall to see that he had burned “Island of the nUkRar doennwa” into the bricks.  She looked at him with a puzzled look and shrugged her shoulders, signifying she did not understand.
“Now do you understand it?”  he asked her with a deep tone as he waived his hand in a strange motion, pointing his finger to the wall.  She stared at the wall with her eyes wide and mouth open, shocked at what was happening: The letters were re-arranging themselves on the wall – shuffling and jumping over one another to burn their place into the wall where they were commanded! 
 “Together, Erinn, we will find it!”  
Erinn could not help but keep her eyes fixed on what was now written on the wall: Island of the Rare and Unknown.
The time was 8:51 pm.



Chapter 15: Writing is in the Air



Sunday, Day 2. Sunday rolled around, and Erinn woke to the sunlight hitting her eyes and the simultaneous vibration from a text.  It was from none other than her knight in shining armor, Bryan.  He texted: “Good mornin’, sexy!  How r u doing?”  She replied back in a chipper manner.  After getting a good night’s sleep and waking up around noon, she felt relaxed and rejuvenated.  She stretched her arms and legs as far as they would go, and then proceeded out of bed and to the bathroom.
She did the usual morning shower and brushing of the teeth.   Down the stairs she went and into the kitchen to pour herself a bowl of cereal with whole milk; Erinn had always been blessed with a good metabolism, which she definitely used to her advantage.  She then headed to the living room where her mom and brother were.
“Where’s Ashley and dad?” she asked.
“They went to the store to pick up some things for dinner.  We are having meatballs and rice.”
“Awesome,” exclaimed Erinn, feeling that today was going to be a good day since she loved meatballs and rice. “I’ll be there!  I’m gonna be in my room most of the day studying for my social psychology midterm exam tomorrow.”  She then took a spoonful of Fruity Pebbles in her mouth and watched “House Hunters.”
“Oh, well good luck on the exam tomorrow.  I’m sure you’ll do great,” her mom said.
They continued to watch TV until Erinn finished her cereal.  She went to the kitchen, washed out her bowl, and put it in the dishwasher.  She proceeded to go upstairs to her bedroom when she heard her phone go off.  She then ran upstairs, only stepping on every other step, and closed her bedroom door.  She grabbed her phone and saw it was Lisa, slid the green icon to the right and said, “Hey, girl!  What’s up?”
“Not much, just getting home from some shopping.  I’m ‘bout to study for our child psych test on Friday.  You study yet?”
“Oh shit, I totally forgot about that.  I’ll study a little after I cram for my social psych mid-term I have tomorrow.”
“Girl, don’t sweat it!  You know it’ll be easy cuz all the tests are.  Dr. Paul just takes all the questions from the study guide and puts them on the test.  He doesn’t even re-arrange the words or anything.  So, all I do is study the review questions and bam, A+!”
“Yeah, that’s true.  You wanna study on Thursday?”
“Word.  That should be good.  I ain’t got nothin’ planned.  I’ll prolly come over around six o’clock or so after dinner.”
“Okay, that works!”
“So, you have any more crazy hallucinations or dreams?”
“Yeah, I had one yesterday when Bryan was driving and it seemed so real!  I saw that we went over a cliff while trying to dodge this one car that was on fire.  It was crazy.  Then Bryan woke me and said that I had white light coming out of my mouth.”
“You sure that was ‘light’ coming out of your mouth,” she asked while laughing.
“Ha ha ha, yes it was light!” Erinn replied sternly.
“And you said it was a dream?” she questioned, raising her tone at the end.
“Yes, Lisa, but it felt so real!”
“Damn, that is carazy!  Hey girl, I gotta get off and take my brother to the movies.  I’ll see you tomorrow, okay?”
“Okay, that’s cool.  See ya tomorrow!”
“Okay, bye,” said Erinn. She disconnected the call, threw her phone on the bed, and grabbed her social psychology book from the floor.  She hopped on the bed with it and started studying the chapter on how social psychology and criminology overlap.  After about an hour or so of studying, she looked at her phone and saw that Bryan had texted her.  “Hey, girl, you mind if I come over?”  She then texted back, “Sorry, I’m studyin.  I will see u at skool tho!”  She waited for a response and after a minute, she turned back to her book to read the highlighted portions some more.
As she returned to reading, the words suddenly started to shake violently and they started popping off of the page as they shot up to the ceiling faster than the speed of light.  Erinn shoved the book away from her and down onto her bed as she gasped.  The words formed what looked like to be a language that she had not seen before.  Erinn looked harder and saw the words seemed to outline a sort of map, but she couldn’t make out what kind.  She looked at the words for a few moments, and then shouted, “Mom!”  No footsteps could be heard coming up the stairs, so she then screamed louder, “Mom!!!”  
While she was still staring up at the words floating in mid air, her mom burst into her room: “What’s wrong, honey?”
“Look!  Do you see them?”  She pointed to where the words were hovering above her bed.
Her mom shook her head and replied, “No, what’s wrong?  Did you see a spider?”
“You don’t see anything right here?” she asked, outlining the spots where the words are.
“No, sorry, I don’t see anything.”
“Never mind.  Sorry.  I thought I did see a bug or something.”
Her mother left the room and shut the door behind her while Erinn threw her psychology book on the floor.  She then closed her eyes and covered them with her hands and shouted, “It’s all a dream, it’s not real.  Get it together!”
When she reopened her eyes, the words were gone.  She sighed and picked up her phone to check on the text she got from Bryan: “That’s OKAY I can help u study!   R u hiding something in ur room u don’t want me 2 see?”  She re-read the text and wondered why he was so adamant about seeing her room.  hell, Kyle ran from it and was acting weird when he came in, so she didn’t know what to think.
“Not 2day.  N y do u wanna c my room so bad?”  Erinn responded.  A few moments later he replied back: “I don’t.  I just wanna have sum fun ;)”  She texted him back “2morrow babe” and hit the books again, hoping that she didn’t have another episode.  She got to thinking about Kyle and texted him, asking why he ran from her room the day before.  He never responded to her, although she eventually forgot about sending the message.  The main thing on her mind was her favorite dinner being ready in a couple of hours.
When the sun was almost completely set, dinner was ready and she was called down to attend.  She ran downstairs with excitement and sat at the table while everything was getting prepared.
“What do you want to drink, Erinn?” asked her brother, Phil.
“Water, please.” she responded.  After saying grace, the family tore into the meatballs and rice.  For the first few minutes, all that could be heard was food being chewed and silverware working its magic on their plates.  
“So,” her dad asked, “are you ready for your mid-term tomorrow?”
“Yeah, I think so.  Social psych is easy, so I’ll prolly get an A or B,” she said with food in her mouth.
“Sweetie, don’t talk with your mouth full!” her mom demanded, tapping her lightly on the wrist.
“Yeah, don’t talk with your mouth full!” her sister shouted, only to be tapped on the top of her head by her dad.  
Erinn chuckled, then after finishing, went into the family room to put on a movie.  One thing that was not lacking in the household was DVD’s.  This family would buy a new DVD every time a new movie came out.  Their collections spanned approximately 1,428 movies, although a majority of them were in the spare bedroom.
Erinn decided to pick out Inside Man, which was one of her favorite movies.  She then ran upstairs to grab the psychology book and studied while watching the flick.  A couple hours later, she studied a little more in her room and then at about half past nine, she set her alarm and hit the sack.  She had a hard time going to bed since Bryan, the midterm, and the haunted house were all racing through her brain.  Finally, she fell asleep with her mind exhausted from way too much thinking.



Chapter 16:  Monday Midterm Meltdown



Monday, Day 3.  At a quarter to nine, Erinn woke up to her alarm which was accompanied by a text from her lover boy.  She opened the text and read it out loud: “Hey girl, wake up!  Good luck on ur exam!”  She replied back “thnx” and then went to the bathroom to shower, brush her teeth, and to get ready for her midterm.
She spent a majority of her morning prep in a steamy shower thinking about the midterm she was dreading and about the weekend’s fiasco.  Finally, she turned off the water, wrapped a towel around herself, and went to her bedroom to finish getting ready.
Down the hall she walked, leaving behind wet footprints before arriving at her bedroom.  Closing the door behind her, she went to her dresser, dropped the towel, got a hair band and pulled her hair up into a pony tail.  She then proceeded to her closet to pull out some jeans and a DC hoodie, the one that Bryan had let her use on their second date.  After putting on her underwear, jeans, socks, and hoodie, she grabbed her child psychology and social psychology books, threw them in her backpack, along with some pens and pencils, and put on her shoes.
Out the bedroom she went while slinging her backpack over her right shoulder, kissing her mom good-bye, and seizing some pop tarts for breakfast.  She then rushed out the door and into her Volkswagen, started it up, and headed towards the university.  The recently harvested Indiana fields went by quickly as she flew seven miles over the speed limit and managed to make it over the bridge to avoid being stuck in traffic as she had been on Friday.
At around a quarter past nine, she arrived at school with only minutes to spare, which she used to find a parking spot across the street from the campus next to a 7-Eleven store.  Erinn got out of her car and headed onto campus, passing by the Bryce Hall, the business and administration building, and Walter Hall, the fitness center.  She then proceeded past the SLU fountain, which was a magnificent sight: A concrete fountain that shot up crystal-blue water and was enclosed by a garden with mums and hibiscus.  She passed by an area with park benches and autumn-colored leaves that crunched beneath her feet.  She turned right, down a path to Hunter Hall, the psychology and social sciences building.
She pulled open the door and walked up two flights of stairs to reach her classroom.  Big enough to hold 30 people, it had the egg-shell white walls with a blue strip at the bottom, which was typical of all classrooms at the university.  The projector screen was still down, blocking the white board, probably left over from the previous class session.  She was the fourth person to arrive; the others were sitting in their desks, studying for the midterm that was about to take place in seven minutes.  She walked three desks down the second column of desks, dropped her backpack, sat down, and pulled out her social psychology book.  She opened it to the midterm study guide and scanned it over in an attempt to retain last-minute information.
Minutes later, the rest of the class started to pile in along with the Dr. Christian, a 35 year-old, tall, skinny professor with spiked hair and sideburns down to his jaw line.  Everyone loved this teacher because of his ability to relate to the students and the humor he interjected into his lessons.  Breaking away from the line of students herding through the door, he headed to the podium and set his worn, leather satchel on the nearby table.  He then opened it up methodically and retrieved the documents and scantrons.  Using both hands, he tapped them against the table to stack them up neatly.  He then went to each column of desks and started passing out the scantron sheets.
Erinn awaited the forms, silently watching the professor as he made his way closer to her side of the room.  He arrived at her side and handed the scantrons to the first student in her row.  She watched anxiously, with nerves shot, as the forms made their way to her one by one.  She received them, grabbed one, and passed the remaining two behind her.
Dr. Christian, after handing them all out, headed to the front of the room and while holding the tests, asked the class: “Anyone have any last minute questions before we start?”  The students looked around without saying a word to each other, waiting for someone to break the silence and ask a question.  No one made a peep, and he continued: “Okay.  Good luck and remember, no talking, texting, or cheating while taking the test.  Once you are finished, come up and drop your scantrons here,” he commanded while slapping his hand down on the left side of the table.  “And your tests here,” he said while slapping his hand on the right side.
He then added, “Then you can leave, and don’t fuckin' come back until Wednesday.  I’m dead serious.  I don’t wanna see your ugly faces for two days!” he added while holding up two fingers.
He then proceeded to hand out the tests. Erinn felt her heart racing so fast that it could have burst out of her chest.  She finally saw him stop in the row in front of her, hand the first student the packet of tests, and then watched anxiously as it slowly made its way towards her.  She got the packets, took one, and while looking at it, slowly extended an arm behind her to give the other two students their copies.  She filled out the scantron with her name, grade, and test type, and then opened her test packet.  Question one: “This is the definition for everyone witnessing an event and not doing anything/helping the person because they believe someone else will jump in to help.”
Erinn scanned the four possible choices and then went to bubble in “C” on the form when she noticed that it was already bubbled in for her.  She looked up, left, and right, and just brushed it off.  She thought she was just so nervous that she was having a mental breakdown.  Then she read the next question: “True or False: Social Psychology has nothing to do with Criminology.”  She went to bubble in “B” for false when she saw that it was already bubbled in!  She got up and told the teacher that her first two answers were already on the form, and he looked just as puzzled as she was.  He reached on the podium, examined the scantron, and then handed it to her.
She proceed back to her desk, sat down, and picked up her pencil to start bubbling in C for the first line and “B” for the next when she saw the bubbles turn a neon green and then, seconds later, they were filled in.  She jumped from her desk and scraped it against the floor.  Looking down at it and everyone else, the teacher then asked, “Everything okay, Erinn?”
She just stared at everyone and said, “Yeah, I thought I saw something.”  She sat back down slowly and picked her pencil back up.  She noticed the rest of the bubbles started glowing green and then were filled in with dark, pencil-like matter.  “Whoa,” she whispered under her breath, watching as her test answered itself for her and then cracked a smile.
She made sure to double check her answers and to her surprise, they were all correct! Or at least they seemed correct for the answers she may not have known to some of the questions.  She then set the scantron aside and grabbed the test packet, looking for the essay section.  She read the essay question and, within a minute, words jumped from the page and arranged themselves into the correct answer.  Erinn spent no time in copying the answer that the “test” deemed was the right one.  With her neat handwriting, she swept every floating word to the paper with her felt-tip pen, making sure that she left no word untouched at the end.
After copying the essay question answer that was provided to her, she put her utensils back into her backpack, slung it over her shoulder, and grabbed the two forms to drop off at the desk, making sure they went into their respective piles.  “Damn that was fast.  You sure you don’t want to check your answers?” he asked while scanning her scantron and essay form.  She shook her head “No” and was the first out of the classroom.  As she left, a couple of students looked at her, surprised that she was able to finish so quickly.
She went down the stairs to the first floor and out of Hunter Hall, walking towards the dining hall.  She was texting Lisa as she walked, looking up every few steps or so to make sure she was not about to run into anyone.  She reached the dining hall in a few minutes, walked inside, and saw Lisa, Jasmine, and Darrell a few tables in front of her.  Lisa stood up and waved, then sat back down to eat.
Walking toward the table, she started taking off her backpack, set it down next to a chair, and sat between Jasmine and Lisa.
“Hey, girl, how was the midterm?” Lisa asked.
“Aced it!  You guys wouldn’t believe how I got the answers!” she replied.
“You cheated?” Jasmine said in a hard, whisper-like tone, looking around to make sure no one was listening.
“No,” Erinn said, checking her surroundings to make sure the coast was clear. “Check this out.  You all know I’ve been seeing crazy stuff, thinking I was paranoid since what happened on Friday.  Well, I was taking the midterm.  I started reading the questions and on the scantron, the bubbles started glowing green and were filling in, as if a ghost was taking the test for me.  Then, on the essay part, the words formed the answer, so I wrote what it wrote.  It was like… freaky!”
“Shit, that is weird.  Wish a ghost would take the test for me!” Darrell said, along with the two others at the table.  Everyone burst out into laughter, but Erinn didn’t mind.  She was a little thankful to be given the answers, and she thought that most would kill for this type of gift.  After everyone stopped laughing, she saw out in the distance that Kyle and Bryan were standing next to a pillar, arguing over something.  She couldn’t make out what exactly was being said, but Kyle looked worried and kept pointing and poking his index finger into Bryan’s pectorals.  After staring for a little, Kyle noticed that Erinn was watching them, said something to Bryan, and then the two of them looked at her and came over to the table.
“Hey, guys, what’s up?” Kyle asked, acting as if everything was okay.
“Hey!” Jasmine shouted.
“What’s up, man?” Darrell asked.
Bryan came over to Erinn’s side and gave her a kiss on the lips, and then pulled over a chair from another table.  “Hey babe, how did the midterm go?”
“Awesome, you wouldn’t believe what happened!” Erinn then explained for the second time how she was given the answers to the exam.  Everyone was intrigued, but had no idea how it had all happened.
“Have any of you all had anything happen, like the shit that has happened to me?” Erinn asked.
Everyone basically said "No" except for Kyle.  He replied how he had some hallucinations, but he couldn’t tell if that was due to his drug use or what occurred on Friday.  So, Erinn was left feeling like she was the only one in the group to experience her “psychotic flashes,” the term Erinn used to describe the spooky occurrences that had happened over the past few days.
“So, how about we celebrate your “A” in your room… on your bed… under your sheets!?” Bryan asked Erinn.
“What is it with you and my room?  Can’t we go to your apartment?” she shot back.
“Nah, it’s too dirty and my dumbass roommates will be home.  I hate them, and I’m sure they would just annoy us –”
“And so would my brother and sister!” she rebutted. “Plus, my parents will be home, so we got either your apartment OR your jeep again,” she stated, winking as she mentioned the jeep.  He just smiled and winked back, kissing her on the neck.
“Fuck, guys, get a fuckin' room!”  Kyle shouted.  The group laughed and after it subsided, Erinn mentioned she was going home.  She kissed Bryan on the cheek, said her goodbyes and walked off to the 7-11 to get her car.
She arrived home and popped a homemade frozen dinner into the microwave for lunch.  Then she went into the living room and turned on the TV.  No one was home since her parents were working and her siblings were at school.  She turned it to the History Channel and then to the Cooking Channel, hoping to find something interesting she could make one day.
Bite by bite she finished her lunch after staring at the TV and watching all the restaurants that were visited on one of the shows.  Erinn knew not to watch the Cooking Channel without eating or having eaten.  Otherwise, it was as bad as going to the grocery store on an empty stomach.
She then put the dinner tray in the trash and headed over to the computer.  She started it up and soon connected to the Internet to bring up Facebook.  She signed in and spent the next hour checking out everyone’s status updates, relationship status, and comments.
After seeing that Darrell and Lisa posted about The Portal House, she decided to get off Facebook and try Google again to see what could be causing her hallucinations.  Typing “hallucinations, causes” into the search bar brought up Wikipedia as the first site suggestion, which she selected.  She read through the possible causes but noticed nothing out of the ordinary since hallucinations were attributed to either drugs or illness, none of which she had to worry about today.
Next, she tried her luck looking up “Xhazul’s Box, hallucinations” to see if she would get what she was searching for.  She clicked on the first page and read on about Xhazul’s box.  To her surprise, there was nothing new about the box from that which she already knew or had read.
She then turned off the computer with a sigh of disappointment and went to her room.  She hopped onto her bed and laid her head in her soft pillow, where she drifted slowly off to sleep.

Erinn woke up a few hours later and went downstairs to grab some leftover dinner.  She had crab cakes and salad, a dish that was rarely made in the Forrester house.
“'Bout time someone decides to get up,” her dad said in a moderate voice. “How did the exam go?”
“It went good,” she replied, still half asleep and reaching for some salad. “I think I got an A.”
“Well, that’s good.  We are so proud of you!” said her mom.  After dinner, Erinn went back to her room and after looking at the mess on the floor, she decided to clean it.  She started picking up papers and books and pens from the floor and organizing them in cup holders and putting the books on her shelf.  She laid her hairbrush on the dresser and looked at her jewelry box.
“Why did my mom have to lose the key?” she thought to herself.  It was a beautiful box that she had never been able to use because when her mom gave her the box, she had told her that she didn’t have the key since it was very old and rare, and no one makes that kind anymore.
After cleaning a little more, she put on her headphones and laid down with Pandora blasting in her head.  Soon enough, she passed out with nothing but the sweet sound of music to soothe her mind into dreamland.



Chapter 17: Discovery by Design



Tuesday, Day 4.  Morning rolled around sooner than expected.  She looked at her phone to see that she had overslept and was almost late for class.  She bolted out of bed and to the bathroom to brush her teeth and pull her hair up.  After getting ready, she got her backpack, filled it with her notebook and child psychology book, and darted downstairs.  She went outside, locked the door, then rushed into her car and sped off.
On the way, she was worried about the bridge being open and prayed that she would make it in time.  Luckily, she made it and was able to find her usual parking spot next to 7-Eleven.  After grabbing her belongings, she locked her car and walked at a quick pace across campus, past the fountain, and through the quad to Hunter Hall.
She shoved the doors open and made her way into the building, rushing upstairs to the third floor. She reached her destination, room 343, and opened the door, only to be a couple minutes late.  She quickly found a seat next to Lisa while the students and professor watched her.
“Glad you could join us, Ms. Forrester,” the teacher said with a sarcastic tone. “We were waiting on you to start class.” The students, including Erinn, laughed.
She started pulling out her textbook and notebook when Lisa whispered to Erinn, “Girl, where have you been?”
“I overslept,” she whispered back, darting her eyes between the textbook and the professor in hopes that he wouldn't catch them having a secret conversation. “What’d I miss?”
“Nothing, we were really just sitting here.”
“Okay, good.”
Class went by with the teacher talking about child development and how they start mimicking everything the parents do: “So it is crucial that the parents understand that the child’s mind is like a sponge that will absorb anything and everything it sees and hears.  The main thing to remember is that Xhazul’s Box has two keys and that one is physical while the other is not.”  Erinn shook her head and closed her eyes as she was caught off guard at what the professor was saying.
He continued talking, each second his voice getting deeper: “The power of seven shall guide the eight.  You all will receive your part.  The time starts so you can wait.  At the five days end, it will be shown to 2 of seven.”
“Do you hear what he’s saying?!” Erinn whispered loudly into Lisa’s ear, nudging her arm with her elbow.
“Yeah, something about neurons and their connections.” she replied.
“No, he just talked about Xhazul’s Box—”
“I’m sorry that I’m disrupting you all from talking.  Please, continue,” the professor exclaimed sarcastically while staring at Erinn and Lisa and folding his arms across his chest.
Erinn buried her face into her hands and her face started to blush.  The classroom door moved and Professor Christian poked his head into the barely opened door.
“Excuse me, professor.  Do you mind if I have a word with Erinn Forrester?”
He shook his head and motioned towards Erinn, and then Dr. Christian motioned for her to come outside, saying, “Can I have a moment with you, please?”
She looked around at everyone, and then Lisa while she proceeded out of her chair and into the hallway.  “You can grab your stuff,” he insisted.  She turned back, grabbed her supplies, and went to join Dr. Christian.
“Hey, what’s up?” she asked nervously.
“Follow me, please,” he said firmly.  They started walking and all Erinn could think about was being accused of cheating on his recent exam.  She was determined that she was going to plead her case since breaking the honor code could get you expelled from the University in a heartbeat.  The two of them walked to the fourth floor and down the hall to a door that was marked for the “Dean of the Psychology Department.”  The professor told her to go in and if she had any more questions that she could find him in his office.
She walked in and stopped a few feet before the door.  “Hi, you wanted to see me?” she asked timidly.
“Yes, please, have a seat, Erinn,” the dean said, pointing towards one of two seats.  She took off her glasses and set them on her desk, and said, “So I have heard you have been doing really well in Dr. Christian’s class.  He just told me you actually aced his exam –”
“I swear I didn’t cheat!” Erinn exclaimed.
“I never said you did, and neither did he,” said the dean.  Do I need to know about something?” she asked in a curious tone.
“No, not at all,” she said as she shook her head from side to side.  “Then... why did you want to see me, Dean?”
“Oh, call me Dr. Shifflet,” she insisted.  “Dr. Christian has recommended you for a special class we will be offering dealing with psychology and it is a special topics class.  Only eleven students are allowed in it, and I wanted to ask you in person.”
Erinn sat there pondering and trying to absorb what was going on.  She stared all around the room while the dean was discussing what was going to be taught in the class when she noticed a degree from a Texas State University for a bachelors in history hanging on the wall.
“I’m sorry,” interrupted Erinn after seeing the history books taking up two rows on the book shelf, “did you teach history?”
“Oh, heavens no!  I got my history degree from Texas and then switched majors to psychology.  I didn’t like it that much.  I even tried anthropology, but I didn’t like coming home covered in dirt every day.”
“So, you know a lot about history, right?”
“Yes, I believe I do.  I still read about it from time to time.”
“Do you know much about legends and artifacts?” Erinn inquired, leaning forward as she asked her question.
“Well,” the dean said, a little confusion surfacing on her face, “I guess I know a good deal about some and have heard others that were more or less… strange.  Why do you ask?”
“Do you know anything about something called... Xhazul’s Box?” she asked, forcing herself to say the name for fear that she would sound crazy.
The dean sat there in silence for a few moments, got up from her desk, and pulled a book from the book shelf.  She then returned to her seat, put on her glasses, and started flipping through the book.  “You mean this box?” she asked, with the box showing on a page where she had turned to.
“Yeah, that’s it!”
“Please tell me you aren’t trying to find it,” she said with a tone of someone whose life was wasted on trying to find the item in question.  She thought back to how she had spent eight years of her life with her professor in an attempt to discover the legendary artifacts, but had failed.  Knowing all the things she could have done, such as write a book or travel the world, instead of spending her years chasing something that she feared never even existed.
“Well, we think we did, or found something called The Rainbow Sphere.”  Erinn went on to tell her about what happened on Friday and about her crazy hallucinations since they opened the sphere.  After fifteen minutes of explaining, she sat there, embarrassed and afraid of what the dean would think.  
After wiping her face with her hands in a downward motion, the dean said, “I can’t believe it’s real.  I had heard about it for so long; I even searched for it myself.”  She sat there, shocked and mystified about what she just found out from Erinn.  “The box does exist, and apparently so do the keys and the hidden island.”
She sat back in her chair, putting her index finger to her mouth, when she started tapping it against her lips.  
“Island?” asked Erinn.  How do you know it’s an island?”  
“Would you like some coffee, dear?” Dr. Shifflet asked as she poured a cup of coffee from the coffee maker to her right on a table against the wall.
“Yes, please.” Erinn replied.  
Dr. Shifflet reached for a Styrofoam cup and poured the coffee into it.  “Would you like half and half or sugar?”
“No, thank you!” Erinn responded.
The dean handed her the cup of coffee and then drank her own.  After taking a big sip of coffee, Dr. Shifflet started talking again: “I found out about the box in my history class.  My professor, Dr. Lannen, and I talked after class every day about history and folklore and of course, legends.  He is the one who introduced me to the legend of Xhazul’s Box and sucked me in.  He asked if I was into that stuff, and I told him I enjoyed a good tale, and I also loved traveling.  He is the one who told me about how he had once tried looking for the box, but had never been able to find clues as to its whereabouts.  
He spent time in Africa and Egypt, since those were supposedly the alleged areas where Xhazul had been seen.  Well, he had found successors who had searched and some who even claimed to have found it, and offered him some insight: The box was supposed to be cursed or something, but with the artifact, you could find the secret location.”
She stopped to take another sip of coffee when Erinn asked, staring deeply in thought, “To find the thing that holds the ultimate power?”
“Yes,” the dean said, with a look that that suggested she was very surprised Erinn knew that.  “Yes, to find that which contains the ultimate power – the power that Xhazul himself created when he was ‘betrayed’ by his wife.  They say to get the power though, you need to make a sacrifice, three to be exact, which Dr. Lannen was looking into before his disappearance.”  
She stopped, looked down, wiped her eyes, and continued: “Now, Dr. Lannen learned after years and years, and after tracking down those that knew and sorting them out from those that just lied about knowing, that you need three things: The two keys, the box, and The Rainbow Sphere.  He thought he found the sphere, but not the keys that were supposed to be inside.  He knew there was a way to open it, but never figured it out.  He said there were symbols that he had never seen before, and therefore, couldn’t crack the code.  He told me there were days that he wondered if it was all a hoax, but nonetheless, he persisted at trying to open the magical sphere.
“As for the box, he described it as a type of machine-like matter that could only be activated with the physical key, which is said to be in The Rainbow Sphere.  The ‘regular people’ that have seen the box describe it as an ordinary, mahogany-maple colored item.  However, those that possessed special abilities have seen the box’s true form, which is believed to be a machine-like artifact with pulleys, cogs, and metal things in it.  The only reason he knew it was machine-like was because that is how it was described to him.  He never found the mysterious artifact, but that never stopped him from looking.  It is supposed to be triggered and come to life when opened, but to this day, only Xhazul knows what is inside.
“Now, to find the secret place, you need all three items and once you do that, it is supposed to be shown to you.  There is another version that says you need the four items, with the fourth being a so called ‘riddle key,’ and that is said to open the sphere itself.” The dean stopped, folded her hands, interlacing her fingers, and asked, “And you all opened the sphere?”
“Well,” Erinn replied, “it came, like… alive and a mask-like thing came out and asked us a question and we didn’t know the answer.  So then we all were lifted into the air and it shot some magic light at us.  That’s all that happened.”
“The power of 7 shall guide the 8th.  You all will receive your part.  The time starts so you can wait.  At the 5 days end, it will be shown to 2 of seven.”
Erinn shouted, “Yes!  How did you know?”
“I have memorized that riddle since it was told to me.”
“Any clue on what it means?”
“Well, my friend had told me that you had to have the answer to the riddle to figure it out.  If you did, then you would get the key.  If you didn’t solve the riddle, then you were shown a map of some sort.  But, of course, this is speculation.   I spent years, about eight to be exact, trying to find what Dr. Lannen attempted, but I got nowhere.  The last thing I had received from him was a book that was going to tell me how to find the sphere, but the words kept vanishing when I tried to read it and then it was stolen –”
“Oh my god – we found that book in The Portal House!”
“Really?!  I have tried to search that house in hopes that it was there, but I could never find it.  But that was ages ago though.  Erinn, I would be careful about who you tell because most people would think you are crazy.  Dr. Lannen was called a quack until he found The Rainbow Sphere before he disappeared.  But he was intelligent enough to know that it was not rainbow-colored, but rather black!”
“Dr. Shifflet, where is the box said to be now?”
“Nobody knows.  The last anyone heard was the voodoo doctor who left thirty-two years ago had it, but no one had ever seen it, since most would break into his house in an attempt to find it... including myself and Dr. Lannen.”  The dean pulled out a photo from a safe she kept under her desk. “This is a drawing he had made of Xhazul's Box from the accounts of the natives of Africa and Egypt of what they believed it looked like."
Erinn looked at the photo for a few moments, eyes squinting.  Then, her mouth dropped open and she felt a chill run all the way down her spine.  She grabbed her backpack, headed out the door and shouted, “I have to go” over her shoulder.  She bolted down the stairs and out into the quads to make her way to her Volkswagen.  “I can’t believe it!” she thought. “There is no fucking way…”



Chapter 18: Without a Trace



Erinn arrived at her house within ten minutes and saw the front door was already ajar.  She walked into the house with caution and saw the place was an absolute wreck.  Erinn bolted upstairs to her bedroom, opened the door with a huge thrust, and stood there puzzled and confused:  Her room was turned completely upside down!  Her mattress was on the floor, papers and things were thrown all over the room.  She walked to her bed, turned around to scope out the living quarters, and shook her head in disbelief.  She noticed her pictures hung crooked on the wall.  She went to one of them and straightened it.
Then she turned and cast a glance at her dresser to see that her jewelry box was gone – Xhazul’s box was gone!  She had it the whole time and never even knew!  She looked everywhere in her room under the mess to see if it was still present, but it was nowhere to be found.
She just put her hands on her head, still in disbelief over what was happening.  She spent the next hour trying to clean up her room and after a while, she heard the door open and someone scream, “Oh, my goodness!”
Erinn walked downstairs and told her mom what had happened – how she got home to find the door open, the house a mess, and her jewelry box stolen.  As she was describing what she arrived home to find, her mom and dad just stood there, looking around at the scene that appeared as if a hurricane had just ripped through their home. 
“Mom, dad, I gotta ask you something.  Remember that jewelry box that you gave me – you know, the one that I could never open because there was no key – where did you get that?”
Her mom put up her hands to signify that she was clueless and said, “I dunno.  Your father gave that to me.”
 “I got that at a garage sale,” he said, laughing with a little bit of guilt.
“A garage sale?” Erinn asked with a tone that instilled disbelief. “Where at?”
“At… um… ” her dad started, then wiped his face with his right hand and started over:  “Okay, I didn’t get it at a garage sale,” he said, with his wife shooting him a puzzled look.  “I stole it a long time ago.  A group of us went to that haunted house when I was in college and stole it –”
“You mean you and that ‘Discovery’ group or whatever you all called yourselves?”
“Wait,” Erinn chimed in, “you were in the Discovery?”
“Yeah, me and about four others.  We were looking for the legendary Xhazul’s Box and we thought we found it, or at least I thought I did.  So we all tried to open it but without some ball or something or other, we got nowhere.  So I just kept the box, thinking that it wasn’t the real one, and gave it to your mother, who then gave it to you.  I doubt it’s even the real thing.”
After her dad’s surprising admission, Erinn’s parents walked around the house, still shocked at what had taken place in their home.  Her father pulled out a camera and started taking pictures while her mother walked around, describing the scene to the police over the phone.  Once she was finished on the phone, they started cleaning up the floor, picking up pictures, glasses, and broken vases.
Ten minutes later, the police arrived and took their statements about what happened and what they saw.  After describing what she saw when she got home, Erinn told them what was taken, not mentioning Xhazul’s Box, but rather, a maple-colored jewelry box.  The officer took notes and then moved on to her parents.  After their statements, the officer talked to them a little longer, advised them to call their insurance company, and then gave them a copy of the police report.
A few hours later, right after cleaning the house and getting it back to normal, the school bus could be heard coming to a stop to drop Erinn’s siblings off. Her mother and father instructed Erinn not to say anything and she nodded her head “Okay.”  After saying “Hi” to the pair, she went upstairs to finish straightening up her room.  Once upstairs, she texted Lisa and Bryan to tell them what happened.  
After texting them, she sat on her bed and just thought about the past few days and how much had happened.  She was reminded of when Kyle freaked out in her room and left.  She thought long and hard about what and where he was in her bedroom when remembered that he looked at her dresser – at her jewelry box, Xhazul’s Box!  She covered her mouth as she gasped and texted Bryan asking if Kyle talked to him about it or if he knew anything about it being stolen.
After about twenty minutes of waiting, with no answer, she called Kyle and, again, no one answered.  After having dinner and trying to wrap her head around the theft, she headed to bed without studying or talking to anyone.  She never got a response back from any of her friends, and she felt more and more as if she was losing her grip on reality.



Chapter 19: The Truth Key



“Why do you wanna go to the island?  What’s it to you?” she asked, her body pushed up against the bars of her cell.
“Because I am the only one who knows how to get to it, how to use the items correctly... because I have the right to it,” Vartan shouted, shooting some sort of beam at the wall, breaking a chunk off. “It is mine, all mine!  Let me tell you a story, so get comfortable!” and with that, he held his hand out and Erinn was pushed back onto a chair that magically appeared behind her.
“My mom died when she gave birth to me -- the wife of the voodoo doctor in town with no special abilities.  Well, come to find out, the voodoo doctor was not even my real father.  My mom decided to be with another man in secret, though he did possess abilities beyond belief.  Well, this didn’t fly too well with my father, as he found out about it while reading her mind one day after she overheard her speak on the phone to one of her good friends.  He kept it a secret from her until the time was right.  So, he decided to put an end to her life when I was out of her womb, never allowing her to tell her side of the story.  Can’t say that I blame him. I probably would have done the same.  
Well, to my surprise, I was a twin.  The other didn’t make it, so my father buried it in their backyard, never telling anyone.  All those years he looked at me with disgust and shame, as if I were some sort of disease.  I always wondered why he even kept me alive.  The only reason I know I had a brother is because he told me before he left, or rather, before I killed him.” He stopped to think of the murder, and then smirked while ushering in a small, sinister chuckle.
Erinn just stared at him with confusion in her face, and he continued: “If you are wondering why I killed him, well it is simple: I was afraid he would do the same to me as my mother if I didn’t act first.  His looks towards me, the way he talked to me – it was as if I was some orphan who wandered into his house without asking.  He had taught me how to use my special powers that I never knew I had until one day I made a glass break just by looking at it.  I had asked him how it happened, and he told me that the power ran through my veins and I could harness how to use its true potential.  
“Through the years, day by day, he taught me the ways of black magic and what to do to levitate, conjure up unthinkable creatures, and so on.  We even practiced on each other, and I knew how deep his hatred towards my mother and I ran on a particular day when he made the ground sink and almost me along with it.  The only reason I am living is due to me teleporting out of the quick-sinking floor and into my room.  
“Anyway, one day he got real mad at me for practicing my powers in the house without his supervision, mainly in the kitchen.  I got the urge to blast him into the counter and levitate a knife into his head as he was yelling at me, rage and fury in his eyes.  Well, he started to come after me so I threw a firewall into his direction, but he blocked it and slammed me back with a tidal wave.  Next, I threw my hand up and he flew into the counter, and I motioned for a knife to hit him right between the eyes.  There he laid, bloody and staring up at the ceiling with his stiff body.  Well, I couldn’t leave him there, so I teleported him to my secret hiding place, my own universe.
“Well, I was left to fend for myself over the years, all alone in that dark house, going out at night to hunt and kill for my food.  Through the books in the house that my dad had left when he ‘passed away,’ I was able to learn black magic all by myself.  I was able to conjure things, make things disappear.  hell, I was able to make that whole house…disappear.” He paused for a moment, and Erinn thought about how she had heard before from Kyle that people have seen the house vanish and then re-appear, realizing now that this was all true and she now knew the reason for it disappearing on rare occasions.
Vartan continued: “Well, after traveling all over the world in an attempt to figure out who I was and increasing my special abilities, I had stumbled on an interesting concept: The island of the nUkRar doennwa.  I had learned of what lie on that island by interrogating those that claim they knew information and torturing those that didn’t.  Through my ‘interrogations,’ I learned of the three items: Xhazul’s Box, The Rainbow Sphere, and the key –”
“You mean two keys.  Not as smart as you thought, huh?” she interrupted, with a tone that hinted that she was a little surprised that she knew something he didn’t.
Vartan only laughed, and then answered: “No, one key.  Since I have practiced black magic, I don’t need the ‘other’ key because I know the answer to the riddle and how to work the sphere.  The one key I need, which is called The Truth Key.”
“What is The Truth Key?” Erinn chimed in when he paused to take a gulp of air.
“The Truth Key is said to be the item that will show the truth to the selected few, and that means that the physical key will be shown.”
“And that is the key to open Xhazul’s Box?” she asked.
“Yes.  Anyway, I discovered the knowledge about the items in question, but then soon learned, to my dismay, that I could not venture to that island since I would not be able to get two of the artifacts: Xhazul’s Box and The Rainbow Sphere.  The reason I could not access them is because they are hexed by Xhazul Mijnak himself.  He put a hex on it that anyone who practiced betrayal, aka his wife, the one he was really hiding his creations from.  I would not be able to touch the artifacts until the hex was broken.  Now I discovered that the hex is only broken once each artifact is activated, though one of his stupid uncles said that even then, they will still not be able to be used by those that have betrayed, meaning I wouldn’t be able to hold it –”
“Why not?  Did you betray him?”  Erinn jumped in, intrigued at his sorrowful story.
“No, my bitch of a mother betrayed my father!  And for that, I can’t even get within five feet of the artifacts!  They would just look like regular items to my eyes!” he screamed ferociously.  He stared at Erinn, huffing and puffing, looked around, and motioned over his face that he was calming down.
He then continued: “Well, I soon found out that Xhazul’s Box was never found after he made it and The Rainbow Sphere was undetectable.  So, after years and years of searching, I found a professor from this very University that had claimed to have found it.  I paid him a visit and he told me that he published it in his book his findings and theories, though when he did, the words were disappearing from the book, along with his memory.
“Well, I was able to extract his memory before I left him to rot, and I had learned of the sphere’s secret: that it was black.  Black!  I pondered over this, not believing that the clues were so simple.  So after at least finding out about the sphere, I searched all over Africa, asking and reading the minds of anyone who could have known, but nothing.  Then, I found a merchant who said he sold it to a voodoo doctor for some food and a house to live under.  Come to find out, after searching his mind for the image of that seller, the voodoo doctor was revealed to be my father, or at least, supposed father whom I had killed.  Of all people, what a coincidence, no?” he threw his arms up, as if talking to himself.
Erinn just kept her poise, though she was afraid for her life under her thick skin.
“So I searched and searched my father’s house, never finding the sphere… until I thought back long and hard to when I was a teenager: A group of college kids came and ransacked the place, looking for something.  Well, as I heard them talk, what they were searching for was the legend’s artifacts.  Well, they found it alright: It was right under my nose, but due to the curse, and my,” and with this, Vartan spit the word “mother” out with disgust, and continued: “I was not able to even see it.  They played with it, throwing it around, thinking it was an old orb or something.  They threw it to the side, not knowing its power or identity.  
“So it made me wonder: If they could see the sphere, it meant that Xhazul’s Box couldn’t be far.  I see one of the boys take something from the hallway closet, but just let them do what they please as I was outnumbered and not skilled enough to use my powers on a group that size.  Then, to my surprise, I find out that only days ago the box was not very far at all.  In fact, it was within my grasp.  I couldn’t touch or see it, but I knew a regular human could.  I knew I had to take back what was stolen from me.  He was part of that group, the ‘Discovery’ group – a boy who went by the name of Mark Forrester... your father!”
The time was 8:53pm.



Chapter 20: Tying Loose Ends



Wednesday, Day 5.  Erinn found herself in the kitchen after her usual morning routine and looked in the refrigerator for the eggs and bacon.  After conjuring up breakfast, she checked her phone yet again to see that no one had responded to her, not even Kyle.  She still found it odd that he bolted from her room after seeing the box, and Bryan had been pushing to come over ever since then.
She found it all coincidental, but at this point, she also knew nothing seemed impossible, or what it appeared to be.  She texted Bryan and Lisa to see what they were doing, and to her surprise, still no response.  After breakfast she got dressed and decided that she was going to Bryan’s apartment.  Out the door she went and drove to the bridge, which was open.  After waiting about ten minutes, she crossed over and headed up the road and down a street, arriving at his apartment.
She got out of the car and walked up three flights of stairs while wishing he didn’t live on the third floor.  She arrived at 219-B and knocked on the door.   After waiting a few moments, she then knocked again, this time with more force.  One of his roommates opened it and she asked, “Hey, is Bryan home?”
The short, pudgy boy with glasses answered, “Nah, he left with Kyle about twenty minutes ago.”
“Okay, thanks,” she said, walking back down the stairs.  She got in her car, put both hands on the steering wheel, and sighed.  She thought to herself: “Well, I kinda know where Kyle lives, so I might as well check there.”
She peeled out of the street and up the road a few moments.  She arrived at Kyle’s apartment and noticed that Bryan’s black jeep was parked outside.  With an inquisitive and puzzled look, she got out of her Volkswagen and headed to the door when Xavier came walking up from her right.
“Hey, Xavier, what are you doin’ here?” she asked.
“I have been trying to talk to Kyle all morning but he keeps on bailing and ignoring my texts.  So I thought I would come to see what was up cuz we got a project due tomorrow!  What are you doin' here?”  
“I can't get a hold of Bryan and I went to his apartment and his roommate said he left with Kyle, so I thought to try here.”
And with that, Xavier went to the door and pounded on it with force, only to see that it opened inward a little.  They both looked at each other and proceeded to enter.
The two of them looked around and Erinn yelled, “Kyle?!”  After listening and observing that there was no movement in the apartment, they continued to his room.
“Kyle, dude, you in there?” he asked, knocking on the door.  After no answer, he looked at Erinn, turned the doorknob, and entered the room.
To their amazement, they noticed that his room was a wreck, with pictures of Xhazul’s Box littered everywhere: There were print outs, clips from old articles – and the book from The Portal House.  Xavier picked up the book, noticed that it was the book that Kyle tried to hide from the others, and started reading the highlighted portions out loud: “The Rainbow Sphere is an object that is so undetectable, no one has figured out how to find it or what it looks like, except me.  The sphere is black, and not rainbow colored as everyone is tricked into believing.  With this subtle clue, I have located the sphere but was unable to open it.  They say Xhazul Mijnak is the only one with the power to crack the code, which is a series of symbols and engravings that mean nothing to me.  Although it is not that simple because once you get past the ancient password, you still need to solve a riddle to even get inside.  That is believed to be the “mental key,” which is one that has no shape or form.  
“As I traveled over Egypt, I found someone who was a descendent of Xhazul himself.  He told me – after I gave him $1000 American dollars and about $200 worth of food – that the riddle was simple: Exchange the word ‘HIS’ for ‘Xhazul’ and the word ‘you’ for ‘I.’ Therefore, the riddle would read: The artifact of which I seek is a riddle that when spoken, the answer Xhazul gives to me.  Reveal its true identity.”  I do not know for certain if this is correct because the man was crazy from thirst and driven mad by hunger, so I’m sure he would have said anything to get food and money.  However, once inside, it is said to contain an object known as The Truth Key that can open Xhazul’s Box.  Once inside, one would be able to access information on the secret location.  Now in order to access the location, one needs to…”
A puzzling look shrouded Xavier’s face while Erinn asked, “Hey, Xavier, why’d you stop reading?”
He looked up at her and showed her the book as he said: “Because the words started disappearing, just like the last book Darrell was reading in the house.”
Erinn anxiously looked around the room and saw on the floor a picture that looked like it was ripped out of a book.   She stared at it and said, “This is it!  This is what was stolen from me from my room!”
“Your room?  You had it the whole time?” he asked.
“Yeah, it was taken from me.  Someone ransacked my house to find it.”
“Are you kidding me?  So you had it the whole time?  That’s wicked.”
“Yeah, my dad stole it from The Portal House when he was in college.  Then, he gave it to my mom who then gave it to me.  No wonder why I could never open it.”
“Where do you think they are now?” asked Xavier.
“I guarantee that they are at that damn house, trying to get into that Rainbow Sphere to get the key thing,” Erinn said, trying not to stumble over her words.
“You mean the –” he said, looking back at the book, “The Truth Key?”
“Yeah.  Plus, he isn’t answering our texts, so I bet you him and Bryan went there.  Text Jasmine and Darrell, and I’ll text Lisa."
They bolted out the door as Erinn dropped the picture from the article.  It floated to the ground like a leaf falling off a tree.  It laid flat on the floor, not just an ordinary, jewelry-looking box, but rather an evil machine that appeared as if it was created by the devil himself – the true form of the artifact.
The two of them raced to The Portal House, with Xavier convinced by Erinn to go seven over the speed limit.  The two of them wanted to beat Kyle and Bryan to The Portal House and prevent them from opening The Rainbow Sphere.  Jasmine, Darrell, and Lisa had responded and agreed to meet them at the house as soon as possible.
Within a few minutes they found themselves turning into the driveway of the haunted house, only to see Kyle’s car there along with Darrell’s mustang.
They hurried to the haunted house, got out of the car, and heard Lisa’s mouth instantly: “Girl, why you trippin’?  How come you wanted us all here?”
“Because Kyle stole Xhazul’s Box from me and plans to open The Rainbow Sphere.  I had the box the whole time and never knew it.  He found the sphere book and it had the answer to the riddle we couldn’t figure out before.  We gotta get inside!”
Everyone looked equally as confused, but they all started running inside.  They saw Kyle and Bryan in the living room, with Kyle holding the sphere in his hand.
“Have you opened it yet?”  Erinn asked Kyle with a stern voice.
“Not yet.  I figured it out though –”
“Yeah, with the book you stole from here,” shouted Xavier.
“Hey, I found it here.  And he showed me,” Kyle stated.
“Who showed you?”  Darrell questioned.
Kyle laughed, and then said, “Guys, this is bigger than us.  He told me what it could do and he showed me The Rainbow Sphere the first time.  Now, I’m just finishing what I started.”
Erinn looked at Kyle’s feet and saw her jewelry box. “Hey, that’s Xhazul’s Box!  You stole it from me, didn’t you?”
Kyle, ignoring her demands for him to answer her with an evil grin, started looking for the symbols from before when suddenly what felt like a gust of wind started up in the living room.  Suddenly, out of nowhere, green fireballs were shot in every direction.  Everyone was struck with fear and Darrell yelled, “Run!”  Everyone bolted for the door, but it slammed shut as if possessed.  Then, Jasmine tried to jiggle the doorknob but it wouldn’t open.
“Stand back!”  Darrell yelled as he and Bryan counted to three and thrust their muscular bodies at the door, cracking it from the hinge.  They all ran outside, off the porch and onto the dirt-covered land.
“What the fuck be goin’ on?!”  Lisa asked, hunched over with her hands on her knees.
“I dunno but I’ve had enough of this.  This fucking shit is getting way too weird,” Jasmine said, looking at the colorful sphere in Kyle’s hands.
“Dude, Kyle, there is no way we can go back in there!” shouted Bryan while pointing at The Portal House.
Then, with a flash of light, the hurricane-force winds seized the house’s interior, and the fireballs could no longer be seen.  The group just stood there, looking at the house with fear and adrenaline running through their veins.
“We have to, Bryan, we gotta get that box!”  Kyle shouted.
Suddenly, Kyle’s mouth filled with white light and a green shade shrouded his eyes.  His whole mind went blank and then a vision appeared, as if it was a clip from a movie:  He saw Erinn standing there, in front of him, asking what he intended to do with The Rainbow Sphere.  Then, and a few seconds later, Vartan appeared and cast his hands into the air, which made Erinn drop to the floor.  Before anyone could react, he had teleported her into the house, making the two of them and The Portal House vanish into thin air.
Suddenly the vision stopped, and he looked around at the others, and then focused on Erinn who stood in the same position as she was in the vision.  She asked him with a stern tone, “What did you plan on doing with The Rainbow Sphere?”  
Kyle felt a tingling sensation run through his spine when he was realizing what he had envisioned was unfolding before him, but without skipping a beat, he shouted: “Erinn, run!”
It was too late.  Vartan appeared out of thin air at the left side of Erinn and waived his hand in a strange motion, rendering her unconscious.  Next, he mumbled something under his breath that made a green and purple gateway appear that teleported her out of the area with a crack as the portal shut.  They then appeared within a cell and within a split second, Vartan teleported out of sight, leaving her to lie there alone in darkness.
About fifteen minutes later, she woke up from her trance.  Confused as to where she was, with no memory of how she got there, she started screaming for someone to let her out of her prison.  She went to the bars and pushed her weight against them, shouting at the top of her lungs.  After shouting all she could, she started coughing.  She then crouched down against the wall and tried some more, determined to get someone’s attention.  Her screams for help echoed off the walls and pierced the darkness.  Flickering lights.  Dead silence.  The time was 8:39 p.m. on Day 5.



Chapter 21: A Trip Down Memory Lane



After discovering that Vartan knew of her father being the one who took Xhazul’s Box from the house, Vartan watched Erinn’s mouth suddenly fill with white light and a green cloud blanketing her eyes like Kyle’s had in The Portal House.
She then saw a vision:
Kyle and the others were panicking in the lawn of The Portal House, wondering what they should do.  Go to the police?  Tell Erinn’s parents?
Kyle started to march off shouting, “It’s not my fault she got taken!”
Then, smoke started to spiral around Kyle while the others watched, backing off slowly to avoid contact.  At an instant, the dark smoke took the form of Vartan.  When Vartan appeared, he levitated the sphere into his hand and he extended the other one to Kyle’s head, and then it turned from a human hand into a ghostly hand that became transparent.  It passed into his skull and extracted a beam of light that flowed into The Rainbow Sphere.  With a smile on his face, he whispered into Kyle’s ear, “You’ve done well.  I have no more use of you.”  With that, Vartan retracted his arm and blasted Kyle into the street with an invisible force, hitting an oncoming truck head on as it came around the corner full speed.
The others saw what happened and someone shouted, “Run!” and they all started scrambling.  At that moment, Vartan summoned a spell that lifted them all into the air and drained from them the beams of light that had been given to them the previous Friday by the figure they summoned.  After draining each of them, they fell to the ground and a portal opened up that looked black with a swirling purple haze inside of it.  He stepped inside and disappeared in an instant, just as it closed.  
As Erinn's vision ended, Vartan stared at her and said, “Did you see what I’m about to do?”  With that question, he vanished out of sight, returning minutes later with the sphere, which Erinn noticed was now drained of all color – except blue.  “That didn’t take long, now did it?  But of course, you already know what I did because you had the vision, didn’t you?”
“How did you know?”  she asked inquisitively.
“That is the part of the riddle, that two of the seven will be shown the truth.  I’m sure you have been seeing things over the past few days.  Well, what you were seeing was the truth in an alternate reality -- the answers to the test, Kyle’s fate, the location of the key.  You and Kyle got to see what no one else could… the truth behind your world.”
Staring at him with fear, anger, and confusion, she asked, “What did you mean that you had no more use for Kyle?”
“Oh, you don’t know?” Vartan asked with a sarcastic, high-pitched tone.  “Here, let me show you!”  He held out his arm and a string of dark rope started spiraling towards Erinn.  Then, before she could react, the end of the rope-like matter turned to transparent tentacles, wrapping around her mind.  At that moment, she lost control of what she could think and in turn was replaced by what Vartan thought.
The memory he chose for her shifted to Vartan discovering Kyle in his house, snooping around the living room.  “Can I help you?” he asked, scaring Kyle so badly that he froze with a terrified look on his face.
Kyle just stared with fear as Vartan stood there, hovering closer to him.  “Fine, I can play that game.” Vartan held out his arm and a red and purple spiral appeared and got larger, taking aim at Kyle’s head.  Evil filled Vartan’s eyes when Kyle replied, “I’m…I’m…looking for some – something.” Vartan put his hand down, the glowing magic disappearing from the end of his hand.
“And what might that be?” he asked with inquisitive playfulness in his voice.
Still scared and defenseless, he said, “I’m looking for Xhazul’s Box.  I-I-I have been told that it’s here and that there is special powers it holds.  Look, I’m sorry for breaking and entering, I’ll just leave –” With that said, Kyle started running towards the open door.  
Vartan whipped his hand in the air and the door slammed shut.  Kyle looked back in fear.  Vartan’s head was lowered, with his face looking down.  In a dark tone, he uttered, “It’s not here.”  Kyle shot him a puzzled look and started walking towards him to the living room.  He stood in the center, his eyes still looking towards the floor.  As Kyle got closer, he raised his head to lock eyes with the fearful boy.  
“It was stolen from me almost twenty-three years ago.”  Vartan’s face then turned from gloom to one whose countenance suggested he had just gotten the idea of the century.  “Your life… ” he continued, “your life spared if you help me acquire it again.”
“Do you know where it even is after all these years?”  he asked timidly, still shaky from Vartan’s appearance and abilities, being careful not to set off his rage again.
“It’s close, I know it is; I can feel it,” he hissed.  “I will continue searching this damn town until I discover it!”
Then, Vartan's memory changed and through a hazy mist, a world began unfolding and taking shape.  Erinn saw the next vision:
Vartan was summoning his powers to help guide him to the location of Xhazul’s Box.  He was roaming the community as if he was being guided by a tracking force, and he looked into a house and saw in a mirror the true form of the relic.  Erinn then watched herself in the memory and saw that it was her house that he was peeking into and it was her house that he had discovered what he was searching for.
The memory twisted and stretched into one with Vartan and Kyle in The Portal House, “She has it!  Your friend, Erinn Forrester, she has Xhazul’s Box!  You must get it!”
Kyle nodded in agreement, and then the memory changed, phasing into Kyle and the group in The Portal House.
Kyle searched the house and Vartan pointed him in the direction of where to find the book on Xhazul’s Box.  “Why do I need it?” he asked, searching the cabinets in the kitchen.
“Because it will help you with locating it!” screamed Vartan.  Next, she saw the vision fast forward as if watching a movie.  Erinn saw Vartan whispering the ancient password into Kyle’s ear as he was holding The Rainbow Sphere, but she didn’t remember seeing him when they were all at the house.
Next, she saw the vision change and mold into a new secret memory: “I saw it!”  Kyle shouted at Vartan with excitement in The Portal House.  “It’s at Erinn Forrester’s house!”
Vartan, with a pleased look on his face, uttered, “Good work, Kyle.  Excellent work.  I need you to get it and bring it to me.”
“Why can’t you get it or zap it here or whatever?” Kyle asked him.
“Because it is cursed and I can’t use my powers on it since it is immune to them.”
“I can’t just go into her house and sneak it out.  There is always someone home.”
“What about her boyfriend?  Tell him to get it for me!” demanded Vartan
“Yeah, okay, that would fly over well: ‘Hey, man, can you steal your girl’s ancient jewelry box for me?  Thanks!’ ”
Vartan held out a hand in which Kyle saw $500 appear.  “Take it and give it to him for his services, but only when he retrieves Xhazul’s Box,”  Vartan demanded with a sinister glare.
Erinn was then taken out of the past and the memory took a new form, this time with Kyle and Bryan arguing in the dining hall, with the group in the background, Erinn staring at them.
“Dude, what’s taking so long?”  Kyle asked with a stern voice.
“She isn’t letting me come over.  I keep asking but she keeps shooting me down, saying she is too busy studying or offering to come to my place.”
“Damn, man, use your charm or something.  I need the box, and I need it now!  You don’t get paid until you do.  Just hurry up!”
“She is watching you all,” whispered Vartan, invisible to all but Kyle, as he stood beside Kyle.  Kyle threw a glance at the group, hit Bryan on the chest to motion to him that their meeting was over, pointed in Erinn’s direction, and they started towards their friends.
Erinn got sucked out again and landed in another location: This time it was a memory of Kyle’s room, with him and Vartan inside.
“I’m impressed, young one.  There is hope for you yet!” he said, staring at Xhazul’s Box in Kyle’s hands.
“Yeah, it was easy.  I sat across the street until everyone left.  Then, I just jimmied the lock, which was easy as fuck.  Then I went to her room and there it was when I saw it before, on her dresser.  I snatched it and then I destroyed the whole house to make it seem like it was just targeted randomly to be vandalized or something.  Then, I left as soon as I could,” he said while holding the box and observing it’s shape and form, admiring it’s dark yet beautiful quality.
“So, this has another form, right?” he asked Vartan.
“Yes, one that can’t be seen unless you practice the type of powers I have.”  Vartan looked around Kyle’s messy room and looked at all the books, papers, and photos of the legend on his floor.  “You’re not hiding anything from me, are you?”
Kyle laughed nervously, then said, “No, why?”
“No reason.  Discover the answer to the riddle, that is your job.  You know how to find me once you do.”  After making his demand, he saw Vartan vanish into thin air by means of a dark portal sucking him in faster than the blink of an eye.  However, Erinn saw that Vartan never left; he was standing there in the corner, invisible.  She watched as Kyle called Bryan over.  He arrived within ten minutes and Kyle opened his door to let him in.
“Did you get it?”  he asked Kyle hastily and with curiosity.
“Yeah,” he replied, showing him the box. “All I need is that Rainbow Sphere now.”
“Are you going to give it to that ghost or whatever he is?”
“hell nah, I’ve got my own plan.  See, I’m gonna sneak in, take the sphere tomorrow, and then I will use it myself.  I found the answer to the ‘riddle’ in this book!”  He showed Bryan the book he had snuck out of The Portal House.  “Here it is, the answer!”  And with that, he showed Bryan the part of the book with the answer and closed it.  “This can be big, Bryan.  You and me, discovering the secret location.  I just can’t believe this is real!  Who would have thought, right?”
She saw Vartan’s face crack an evil smile as he continued to hear out the secret plan to defy him. “Tomorrow, I’ll lure him out of that house, we go in, and snatch the sphere.  We will come back here and use it.  We will make history, buddy!  You and me.” After that, they both shook hands and Vartan teleported out secretly.
Erinn felt herself being pulled from the memory and back to reality as Vartan retracted his arm, with the dark rope shrinking back to form his dark, ghostly hand again.  Erinn just stood there, stunned at what she had just witnessed: Her friends’ betrayal.  One of them stealing from her to further their own agenda and the other was pretending to like her to get closer to the ancient artifact she possessed.  After thinking she had found someone, a decent guy, he turned out to be only with her to obtain Xhazul’s Box.
“It’s a cold, sorrowful feeling, isn’t it?” he asked her, with a deep, dark tone while looking towards the ceiling.  Then he continued: “Kyle was of use until he started thinking he could open the box and use the sphere on his own, without my permission!  So, he served his purpose, until his death.”
She just looked at him, tears in her eyes, and asked, “How did you know my dad is the one that took it from your house?”
“I know everything.  When they were in my house, I tapped into his mind and saw who he was.  However, I could not do much back then since I was still a teenager with little ability.” Erinn saw nothing but pure evil in his dark, cold eyes, and she knew that this was not going to end well for her.  He looked to her, his eyes narrowing on her presence.  “But that is the past, and together, Erinn, we can obtain the ultimate power.  All I need is your part.  The part to guide the eighth…” he said with a stern voice and then, smiling widely, he exclaimed, “Me!”
Erinn looked at him in silence, pondering on the riddle and how he said “eighth.”  “There were seven of us, so the parts are…?”
“The map, of course!  The map to the hidden location:  The island of nUkRar doennwa.  We both want to find it. We both desire it, want it, need it!”  After shouting, he waived his hand in an upward motion, and the cell opened slowly.  She stared at it, walking forward a little until she was free from her prison.
“All I need is your parts, Erinn.  It’s that simple.”
“What do you mean…'parts?' ” she responded, with her shaky voice.
“You have a part of the map I require.  The other will come later.”
She started backing towards the door she had noticed behind her.  He walked towards her, slowly approaching with patience.
“It’s okay, you don’t have to be afraid.  Come.”  And with that, he motioned towards him, with the sphere in his left hand, still black except for one color showing: Blue.
After his gesture, she ran toward the door and opened it.  He just watched, with an unconcerned look on his face, knowing that in a matter of seconds she would see what was behind the door.
She stood there as fear injected itself into her body.  Her body felt frozen from the sight: The outside of the house was as if they were on a stranded, floating island in the middle of a purple and black universe.  The whole world seemed to be going around and around at a static speed.  Erinn noticed the golden symbols that stood for black magic were imprinted all over their world and glowing bright.  She stood at the edge of the house as it was surrounded by a dark swirl with stars shooting through the sky.  She felt like she was getting dizzy, and then, within seconds, it changed to a whirlpool surrounding The Portal House, with pirate-looking ships caught in the water, going around and around.  
She watched as it changed again to a dark space with a purple haze all around, and symbols in the air that were unfamiliar to her.  Green meteors shot through the sky, then formed into a spiral of smoke that went around and around.  It started heading towards her and it took the form of the Tentaculace flying at her.  She ran back instantly and tripped over her own feet.  It came inside the house and hovered over her, with those goggled eyes staring at her and the tentacles on the arms flaring out every which way.  She screamed and then heard from behind her, “Don’t worry, you don’t have to be afraid.”
The Tentaculace jumped next to Vartan, planting itself there while staring at Erinn.
“What is outside?  Where are we?” she asked, shouting her question at Vartan.
“This is my hiding spot, a place to go and think and practice my special powers.”  He held out his arms to make a red arc of fire go from one arm to another, and then closed his hands and thrust them forward, turning the fire into a green rope, pulling Erinn closer.
“Now, for the piece of the map, please!” he demanded as he put his hand to her head, his fingers turning transparent, and gliding into her mind.  The blue beam of light left her and flowed into the sphere, turning it completely black.  Next, Vartan used his shadowed fingers to enter the ancient password using the blocks on the sphere and corresponding symbols and transcriptions.  The colors shot up from the sphere, floating in mid-air, and the dark mask appeared again with its green eyes and red designs.
“Thou has awakened Xhazul’s Guardian.  I am responsible for keeping all that is his hidden from the world.  The artifact of which you seek is a riddle that when spoken, the answer he gives to me.  Reveal its true identity.”
Vartan looked up at the figure and responded, “This should be easy as I stole the information from Kyle's memory before I killed him.  The artifact of which I seek is a riddle that when spoken, the answer Xhazul gives to me.  Reveal its true identity.”  The mask’s green eyes glowed bright and then changed to a golden color.  They colored slits of the eyes shot out and swirled together and shot down into the sphere.  It fell to the floor and Erinn and Vartan both stared at it, wondering what had happened.  He moved closer to it and picked it up, examining it.  He then took off the top and looked inside of it.
There it was, a golden key with red rupees and blue gems down the center.  The key end was in the shape of a triangle circumference in a circle with a lightning bolt running down the center from top to bottom.  He grabbed it and with a twinkle in his eye, he admired the key as if he was visualizing his promising future.  He snapped his fingers and made something appear on the ground.  It was Xhazul’s Box, but it started transforming into a dark, machine-like box: The ancient artifact started showing the evil-like quality of the dark creator, with the cogs and pulleys looking as if they could start moving at any moment.  Vartan put the key into the lock, twisted it, and opened the box.
Peering inside, Erinn noticed that there was a space that appeared to be reserved for the Rainbow Sphere.  Vartan stared at it and put the black sphere in the box.  It started to turn the cogs and pulleys and he backed off a little.  She realized she had a chance at preventing him from attaining the ultimate power now that he wasn’t near the box anymore but a few feet away.  Without skipping a beat to think it through, she quickly reached for the sphere, threw it out, and stole the key.  She moved back to the door and said at the top of her voice, with the key firmly in her fist as she dangled it out of the house in the abyssful universe, “I’ll drop it!  Let me go or I’ll drop it!” 
Vartan responded, “Erinn, don’t be afraid.  I can’t let you go. Only you can let you go!”
She shot him the most confused and puzzling look on her face, and then asked, “What the fuck are you talking about?  How can I let myself go?  By giving you the Truth Key?”
“No, don’t you see?  Here, let me help you.”  He reached to the Tentaculace and pulled off his helmet. 
She stood there shocked, confused, and scared at the same time: It was her face.  She blinked a couple of times in a row and then said, “How…how…can that be…me?”
“Erinn, he is you, I am you!  We are all the same – the evil, the innocence, the fear.  All three of us will find the secret island.  It is what you want.  For all of us!”
“No, I am not you!  It can’t be… there is no way that I am that thing!”
“Yes, Erinn, let me show you.”  Vartan brought his arm across his body and transformed.  Erinn watched as she was looking at herself, as if through a mirror.  Then Vartan’s voice changed to that of hers and said, “Erinn, don’t be afraid.  Just give me the key, and we can obtain what we have been searching for decades to find!”
“No!” she shouted, and the Tentaculace, or herself, started to reach its tentacles out to grab the key when Erinn leaped out of the door.  She fell, with the key clenched in her fist, through the dark space, past the symbols, and down to an approaching ground that was lit brightly with white light.  She hit the ground with a huge thud and the key flew from her hand, landing a few feet away from her.



Chapter 22: The Awakening



The room was dead silent except for sniffles.  Erinn's mom and dad were on the couch, comforting one another.  Her siblings were on the couch beside of them, hugging each other, huddling close, and praying for the best.  Bryan was picking out a dirt-like substance from his fingernails with a 10-inch hunting knife and Lisa was on Facebook with her Samsung Galaxy S4.
Erinn opened her eyes, but her vision was blurred by the bright light above her.  Moments later, she was able to focus and the reality of her surroundings came into focus.  She saw her mom, dad, brother, and sister sitting on the couch.
“Mom… dad... ” she started, trying to move her limbs when her mom, who began to cry, rushed to her side.  Her dad followed suit, with her brother and sister.  Bryan put his knife down on the counter and Lisa set her phone in her pocket, both staring at her with tears forming in their eyes.
“Oh my goodness, oh thank god – she’s back!  My baby’s alive.  Oh, Mark, she’s alive!” she screamed, reaching over the bars on the hospital bed to hug her daughter.
“Oh, Erinn, you’re back!  I love you so much, sweetie!” her dad shouted, kissing her head.
“What… is going on?” she asked in a low, hesitant voice.  “What happened?”
“Oh, baby,” her mom began, as she continued sniffling, “you have been in a coma for about three weeks, since August 28th.  Oh, thank God, you’re awake!  We have been so worried for weeks!  We were so afraid we would… oh, Erinn!” she said and kissed her on the head, followed by the cheek, all the while clasping her desperately.  The rest of the family followed suit as Erinn looked around the room at the get well cards and flowers.
“A coma?  What do you mean I have been in a coma?” she questioned her family, struggling to sit up with all the tubes and straps on her arms and head.  
Her dad put his hand on her chest to stop her, and said, “Take it easy, honey.  You need to relax and not strain yourself.”
“You were in a car accident and have been in a coma ever since the end of August.  We thought you would never come out of it!  We tried so hard to fight but the doctors suggested that if you didn’t wake up today… well, I’m so glad we had waited!  Oh, my baby!” her mom exclaimed as she smothered her some more.
A doctor and nurse excitedly burst into the room. Erinn noticed their name tags: Dr. Darrell and RN Jasmine.  She thought back to the dream she had while she was in a coma for three weeks, but couldn’t remember too much except for those names.  
Her mom then said: “Phil, honey, I’m so glad our daughter’s back!”
“Mrs. Forrester, we need to let Erinn get some rest,” said Dr. Darrell. “However, I will allow five more minutes of visitors and after that, we want her to recuperate.” He then turned to Erinn, “Hey there, how are ya feeling?”
She shrugged her shoulders and said, “Okay, I guess.  So, I was out for a few weeks, huh?” she asked the doctor.
“Yeah, and we are all glad you are back, Erinn.  And see, you have a lot of admirers!”  He stated as he pointed to the flowers and cards.  “Erinn, you remember Lisa, your best friend, and Bryan, your boyfriend?”  the doctor asked.
“Yeah, how could I forget them!” She said as she hugged Lisa and gave her a kiss on the cheek.  Bryan went in for a kiss and Erinn pulled her head back a little, feeling a little scared of her boyfriend.
“Erinn, what’s wrong?  Don’t you remember me?” he asked with a questioning expression.
“You tried to scheme against me with Kyle –”
“Erinn,” he interrupted, “what the hell are you talking about?  And who is Kyle?”
“The one we went to The Portal House with!”
“Erinn,” Lisa chimed in, with a worried and matter-of-fact tone, holding her hand, “we never went to any house.  Bryan never tried to plot against you or anything.  You have been here for the past three weeks.”
“So, it was all, I mean, it was just a dream?” she asked, trying to separate her coma from reality and adjust her head to it all.
“Yes,” she said, tears filling her eyes, “Erinn, we are so glad you are back.  I can’t believe that you were almost gone!” Lisa shouted.
“What do you mean?  Why is everyone saying that?” she asked with an irritated voice.
“Babe,” started Lisa, “I don’t want to scare you, but if you didn’t wake up today, it was suggested that they, you know, pull the plug.  We didn’t want to, but the doctors said if we didn’t, we could have lost you forever and you’d be in a vegetable state or something.  Don’t worry over it.  You’re back.  And plus, we were fighting to keep you safe all along, so just relax and get some rest.”  The doctor and nurse came in and told everyone to leave for a while, adding that if they wanted, they could come back later.
Bryan stepped in and kissed her on the lips and said, “Welcome back, babe.  I’ll see you later.”  Erinn smiled and told the two of them to text her later so they could come back.  Her family wished her well and gave her more hugs and kisses, and then left the room.  Everyone left except the doctor and nurse, who were checking her machines and vital signs.
“You’re a lucky girl, Erinn.  Not many people come out of these types of things.  Your signs look normal and surprisingly good,” the nurse said while checking her blood pressure.  Erinn smiled, glad to be back in what seemed to be the real world.
“Okay, sweetie, we will be back in about twenty minutes to check on you.  Are you hungry?  Do you need something to drink?” the doctor asked.
“Yeah,” she said, with a soft and beaten voice.  “And I’ll take some water, please.”
“Okay, I’ll be right back.”  With that, the two of them left the room and Erinn just laid there in silence, taking in all that had happened.  She barely could remember the dream she had, the coma, or even the accident she was supposedly in.

A week later, she felt no pain in any part of her body.  She noticed that her phone was charging on the counter near the sink. She got up and used her vital sign machine to walk to the bathroom.  She used the bathroom and then laid back down.  About an hour later, after regaining some strength and flipping around between news channels, she made it to the counter, pulled off her phone from its charger, and decided it was time to announce she was ready to return to the world of the living by posting on Facebook, “I am back, World!”   

A few days later, after many visits from family members and friends, she was told that she could go home.  
Erinn’s mom was the last family member in the room with her that day. “We will be waiting outside in the car for you, honey,” her mom said before kissing her on the forehead.  “The nurse will bring you out after you get dressed.  See you in a little bit!”
After getting dressed and waiting to be brought the wheel chair, she heard a knock at the door.  Shocked since she wasn’t expecting anyone besides the nurse who normally stated her name before entering, she beckoned, “Come in!”  
The door opened and she gasped with fear!
Vartan entered the room, holding The Rainbow Sphere in his hand, and hovered inside the hospital room door which started to close on its own as he entered.
“Hello, Erinn.  I need your part!” he demanded in his deep, bone-chilling voice.
Erinn froze.  She thought she must still be dreaming because he – or even The Rainbow Sphere for that matter – couldn't be real.
“You stay away from me! You’re not real!” she shouted, screaming for help, “Nurse! Doctor!”
“No one can hear you, Erinn,” he assured her, motioning his hand in the air.  A portal of dark matter with purple spirals and mysterious, red symbols inside appeared instantly.  “It’s time for us to go obtain the seven pieces.  You saw them in your coma, which was of course more than a coma, Erinn.  They are all over the world, through space and time, and only you know where they are.”
Erinn, thinking back to her “dream” and remembering the ancient artifacts, asked, “And what about Xhazul’s Box?  You will never find it!”
“That is of importance, but also you were shown where it was at.  In due time, Erinn.  But for now, we need the seven pieces to find it.”  
She backed away from him and saw on the counter that Bryan left his large hunting knife.  She grabbed it and shouted: “Come any closer, and I’ll fucking kill you.”
Vartan laughed, and out of the vortex came the Tentaculace.  Fear rushed down her spine at the sight of her coma becoming reality as the beast lunged at her, its tentacles reaching for her.
She defended herself and swung the blade from shoulder to shoulder, slashing the air in an effort to stop the beast.



Thank you for reading!  I really hope you enjoyed the book and make sure to leave a review.  You can comment on what you liked and didn’t like.  Feel free to express your opinion and share it with your friends.



About this Author



Jon Castle, or Jonathan Gemoets (real name), twenty-six years of age, is the author of Xhazul’s Box: The Rainbow Sphere. He has learned Arabic, German, and Spanish and enjoys learning new languages. He has always like to write poetry and songs (in which he loves to play on his 5-string bass) and when he was writing a book on how to learn Spanish (coming in 2014), he was given excellent feedback on the introduction. His love of languages and writing translated into this, his first novel, which he hopes will touch others who find as much enjoyment in reading it as he had in writing it.




Bonus Content



This section is comprised of illustrations/concept art created from different sections of my book and of a sample chapter for my upcoming book, Deathbed Confessions: S.E.C.R.E.T.S. Revealed (2014). The concept art and illustrations are from talented artists at fiverr.com and I included them here so you all could see how I envisioned some of the parts in the book in my mind.  I always wanted to put thought to paper, so I did, and then decided to share it with others. Think of it like a DVD with uncut and additional bonus content, but with an eBook, and you get concept art and a free sample chapter of my book that will be published next year.  Enjoy!


Vartan




The Tentaculace




Alternate Reality




Portal





The Author




Alternate Cover





Deathbed Confessions: S.E.C.R.E.T.S. Revealed
Chapter 1

“Henry McDurum- My Life Before Death,” Allen typed, with a cigarette in his right hand, smoke surrounding his body as he started to type his grandfather’s autobiography on his Mac laptop.  After he typed the title, he paused for a moment to run his hands through his soft, thick hair.  He clicked on “new document” to start a new page in Microsoft Word and typed, “Chapter 1- Born into this World.”  He then sat back in his comfortable, leather-covered writing chair and reached his arms up and interlaced his fingers from both hands behind his head and sat there, staring at the ceiling while thinking about his grandfather and the task he had bestowed upon him earlier that day:
He and his family were at the hospital visiting Allen’s grandfather after he was recovering from a heart attack.  It was Tuesday and the incident happened the previous Saturday.  It was a sad, yet familiar scene as this was his second one; the first was about seven years ago at a Christmas party.  Carol, his beautiful wife with shoulder-length, brunette-colored hair with blonde highlights, stood beside Allan at the hospital bed, holding his grandpa’s hand while observing the poor, old man that had been spared no mercy by time.  Allan put his hand on top of hers, which was on top of his grandfathers, and just nudged his head against hers, both now looking down at the floor as if to find the answer to what the future would hold for Henry in the floor design.
“Poor man.  He has been through hell these past few years,” she said while thinking of all the years she had known him.  Tears in her eyes, she wiped them with both hands and hugged her husband tightly.  Allen put his arms around her, still looking at Henry.  
Allen saw his grandfather's eyes start to open and his head turn towards them: “Hey, grandpa,” Allen said with a soft, heartbroken tone. “How ya feeling?”
“Like I’m dying!” he said, raising his voice and laughing.
Allen and Carol chuckled and shook their heads, the two of them surprised at what he had said.
“Hey, there is no use denying it!  Where is my great-granddaughter?  Where’s Corena?” he beckoned, trying to look around his grandson and his wife.
“I’m right here, grandpa!” she shouted as she got off the couch and ran to his other side.  She wrapped her arms around him and he attempted to put his arm around her.
“Honey,” Carol started, “make sure to watch out for his tubes.  You don’t want to lean on them.”
“Oh, she is fine, Carol.  She can’t hurt me anymore than I already am,” he said with his slow, wheezy speech.  “I wanna hold–” he began, but was interrupted by a coughing spell.  After he stopped, he started again: “I wanna hold my great granddaughter while I still have time–” the ongoing coughing and hacking interrupted him again, but this time, for only a few moments.
“Henry!” Carol exclaimed, glaring at him with her eyes wide, then went to a whisper.  “Don’t talk like that in front of her.”
“What?!” Henry asked as he coughed once again.  “She deserves to know.  You people nowadays just don’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings so you hide behind the truth–” but before he could finish, his coughing arose again.
“Babe, I think it’s time to go and let him rest,” Carol said as she turned to her husband with an aggravated expression painted across her face.  He nodded in agreement and she turned to her daughter, and told her, “Corena, sweetie, go get your jacket and toboggan.  We are going to leave and let grandpa relax.”
After Corena put her jacket on, Allen went to the hospital bed and grabbed his grandfather’s hand.  “We will see you late, gramps.  Hang in there,” he said while secretly thinking of the worst that could happen during the holiday season.
He started to walk away, but Henry shouted in his whispery voice, “Wait!  I want to talk to you.  Can you stay for a minute?”
Allen looked at his wife with an expression that showed he wanted to grace Henry’s request to stay for a moment, and she nodded and told him, “Sure, we will wait in the car.  We will see you later, Henry.”
“Bye grandpa!” shouted Corena as they opened the door and closed it softly.
“I love Carol and Corena.  You did good, boy,” Henry stated.
“Thanks, old man,” Allen said as he laughed.  “What’s up?”
“Grab a seat, boy.  I wanna talk to you about something important.”
“Sure,” Allen said as he grabbed the chair from the corner and brought it close to the hospital bed.  He sat down in it, leaned forward and asked, “Okay, what do you wanna talk to me about?”
“Well, as you know, I am dying and I don’t know how much more I have to live.  There is always something I wanted to do, something I feel I need to do–” suddenly, he started coughing and wheezing a little, while Allen just stared and looked away, feeling sorry for his grandfather.
“The doctors don’t know what is wrong with me and don’t know if they can even cure what I got.  So with the days I have left, I want to do something, and I will need your help.”
“Okay, what can I help you with?” Allen asked with curiosity flooding his mind and across his face.
“I would like you to do my autobiography and make it a book!  You know, about my life and my achievements…” Henry started wheezing and then ushered to finish, “and the skeletons in my closet.”
“An autobiography?  I-I guess…” he nodded, a little confused and stunned over his grandfather’s request.  
“You are the perfect candidate to do one.  You’re a writer, so I know it won’t be a problem.  Look,” Henry stopped a little to take a couple of deep breaths, as if he was in the water, gasping for air, and being plunged back under.  “I know I haven’t always been there for you.  I have been distant and almost non-existent in your life up until recently, and I am sorry for that.  I want to tell you everything I have done, even if I don’t condone what I have done.”
“It’s fine, grandpa.  Really, I know you were busy with your job when I was growing up and all that stuff–”
“No!” he shouted, and then began coughing.  After it ceased, he continued:  “No, I should have been there for you all, and those are years I can’t get back.  I will tell you everything about my life – the good and the bad – and you can put it in my autobiography.”
Henry reached for his glass of water and Allen helped him out by grabbing it for him and placing it in his hands, making sure to help the straw into his mouth.
“Thank you, Allen,” he said as he took a gulp of water.  “So, will you do it for me?”
“Sure, I can do it for you.  When would you like to start?” Allen asked as he glanced at his G-Shock watch.
“Boy, we gotta start as soon as possible, you know, before I buy the farm.  How about now?”
“Okay, sure.  I gotta run to the house and get my laptop and recorder.  Then we can get started once I return.”
 “I do have to warn you, though.  There are some things that you can’t write down or put in the book.  Also, you can’t record it also with your thingamabobber,” Henry said in a deep, soft voice.
“What do you mean?  Why not?” Allen asked with an inquisitive tone.
“Because there are things that I should not even be telling you, but I need to get them off my chest.  I was sworn to secrecy, but hell, I’m on my last dying days, so what more could they do to me?”
“They?  Whose they?” Allen asked.
“I’ll get to that, boy.  Don’t worry!” he said as he laughed a little, with the laugh turning into a cough.  “Like I was saying, you can’t record or write some things.  But don’t worry, I will tell you the parts that have to be kept just between us.  Let me tell you, your father doesn’t even know about what I will be telling you.  And for now, let’s keep this autobiography thing between us.  What do you say?"
“Yeah, that’s fine,” Allen responded, still at a loss for words.
“Promise me you won’t even tell Carol,” Henry demanded.
“Yeah, old man,” chuckled Allen, “not even Carol.”
“Good.  Now, before I kick the bucket, go get your fancy gadgets so we can get this started.” Henry said, sipping more water.
“Okay, gramps.  I’ll be back in about 25 minutes.  Get some rest.  Here, watch some western channels.”  Allen turned the channel to the Encore channels so his grandfather could watch the old western movies.
“I hate westerns.  They are fake!  Plus, I’ve already seen ‘em all!”
“Okay, grandpa.  Here, you pick the channel.  Watch the news or something,” he said as he handed him the TV remote.
“I can’t stand that damn propaganda!  It just talks about shit that is biased depending on what party you belong to!”
Allen just rolled his eyes and told Henry he would be back in a moment.  He left the hospital room and closed the door quietly.  He walked down the hall while blankly staring ahead of him, thinking of the project his grandpa bestowed upon him, wondering what secrets he would discover about his grandfather and his mysterious past.



Connect with Jon Castle



Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/jgemoets
Twitter: https://twitter.com/joncastle4
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TheRainbowSphere
MarSocial: http://marsocial.com/jgemoets/profile
WordPress: http://joncastle2.wordpress.com
LinkedIn: Jon Castle


