Drac Von Stoller’s   Bio
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition
Author-Drac Von Stoller
Drac Von Stoller's imagination and fascination for the Horror genre began when he was a little boy watching his favorite actors such as Vincent Price, Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Bela Lugosi on his little black and white television alone in his dark room. Drac would watch these horror movies for hours and build model kits of his favorite characters like Dracula, the Wolfman, Frankenstein and even the Munster's car from his favorite television series. Then as time went on and nothing was left to the imagination in the new horror movies, Drac still loved watching the old movies he so loved as a little boy. Then as Drac became an adult he decided one day that he would write a short story in the horror genre and let some of his friends read it and see what they thought. Drac's first short story was titled "Death in the Wilderness," which would be considered flash fiction, but this would be Drac's test to see if he was destined to be an author. Sure enough when people read "Death in the Wilderness" they loved it but couldn't understand why Drac didn't keep on with the story but Drac knew all along that if what they read was so good then Drac has succeeded. This gave Drac the confidence he needed to keep on writing more and more short stories. The rest is history Drac has now written 124 short stories in the course of a 2 year span. Drac doesn't want to write a story unless it moves him in a way that he would want to read his own work and say any horror or ghost fan would not be disappointed.
Drac Von Stoller has finished Volume II, III & IV of “31 Horrifying Tales from the Dead”
Drac Von Stoller has 50,000 plus downloads on Smashwords.com and other sites since he started with their site in December 2011 from all over the US and 16 Countries Canada, Australia, Great Britain, South Africa, Sweden, Germany, India, Italy, Russia, Spain, Brazil, Switzerland, Mexico, New Zealand, Japan and Egypt on individual stories from “31 Horrifying Tales From The Dead.”
Drac Von Stoller’s 124 Short Stories are currently being produced on Audio Books through Amazon.com, Audible.com and iTunes which has sold over 1,186 to date.  Drac Von Stoller came in 4th place in Sales during Audible’s Halloween Promotion in 2012 out of 30 Authors and was the only Author to have 5 of his Audio Books featured.
Drac Von Stoller's Short Stories "The Haunted Mirror" has been #1 Six times on iTunes "Top 20 Free Horror eBooks and "Don't Go In The Woods" was number 3 and "Rise of The Zombies was number 12. Drac Von Stoller will be featured in Infameus New App in iTunes soon. Drac Von Stoller will be promoting his eBooks and Audio Books through XM Radio in October 2013. 
Drac Von Stoller is using 10 Narrators- Michael Adashefski, Aaron Tucker, Rich Crankshaw, Peter Jude, Mike Vendetti, Jonathan Waters, Luke Smith, Ted Brooks, Bruce Donnelly, Michael Ward
Drac Von Stoller’s next step in his project is TV and Film.
Drac Von Stoller’s   Audio Books and Short Stories can be found on these sites listed below. 
Audible, Diesl, iTunes, Kobo, Smashwords, Baker & Taylor, Amazon, Sony, Google Books, Google Play, Lulu and Page Foundry.
31 Horrifying Tales From The Dead Volume IV
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition
Author-Drac Von Stoller

Aren’t You Glad You Didn’t Turn On The Light?
Be Careful What You Wish For
Chainsaw
Dead Body Under The Mattress
Don’t Flash Your Headlights
Don’t Wake The Dead
Drac Von Stoller Has Risen From The Dead
Evil
Flesh Ripper
Horror In The Wax Museum
Humans Can Lick, Too
In The Forests Of The Night
It Was Just An Accident
Kill Me Dead Or I’ll Be Back
Killer Dummy
Living With The Dead
Medusa Rises From The Dead
Night Visitors (Alien Abduction)
No More Mr. Nice Guy
No Trespassing!
Possessed
Screams Down Long Hollow Pike Road
666
The Babysitter And The Man Upstairs
The Cards Of Death
The Gallows On Hell Hill Island
The Place Where There Were No Graves
The Portal To Hell
The Vanishing Hitchhiker
Voodoo Doll
When Death Comes Knockin





Aren't You Glad You Didn't Turn On The Light?
Author- Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition



Meg was happy to finally have the chance her other sister's didn't, and that was going to college. Meg's sisters helped her move in to her new dorm. Her sisters were introduced to her roommate Samantha. Meg and Samantha got along really well, and helped each other in their studies. Samantha needed the most help with her homework because she liked to party and Meg always had her head in the textbooks. Midterms were just around the corner, and a big party was being held at a good friend of Samantha's house, and of course, Samantha wasn't going to miss the party over a midterm exam. Samantha said, "Meg there is a party at one of my friend’s house and there is a guy I would like you to meet. What do you say? You want to come or are you going to stay inside this boring dorm studying all weekend?"
"Well it sure sounds tempting, but I really want to keep my average at an ‘A’ in every class," replied Meg.
"Ok, Meg, but this guy is really cute," said Samantha.
"I'm sure he is. You go on, and have a good time at the party, and thanks anyway for the invitation, that was really kind of you to think of me," replied Meg.
Samantha went on to the party and didn't arrive back at the dorm until after midnight. Samantha opened the door to the dorm room, and noticed it was pitch black inside, but she was too drunk, and too tired to turn on the light switch, so she just went on to bed.
The next morning Samantha looked at her alarm clock and said, "Oh My Gosh! Its noon and I've missed two of my midterms. She noticed Meg was still in bed and thought that was odd she wasn't at her midterm exams. Samantha got out of bed and came over to wake up Meg, but she didn't move. Samantha said, "Quit playing around, we're going to be in big trouble for missing some of our exams. Samantha pulled the covers off of her, and screamed. There was a pool of blood in her bed and her limbs were hacked off. Then Samantha looked at the wall beside the bed and noticed red writing on the wall. She went over, and touched writing, and screamed again, and said, "Its blood!"
Then she read the message on the wall in tears. It said, "Aren't you glad you didn't turn the light on?” Ha! Ha! Ha!
Be Careful What You Wish For
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Have you ever out of anger wished someone dead or hurt in some way?
This is exactly what happened in the town of Deadington. Sarah Phillips was teased by the townspeople because of her hideous face from a fire that destroyed her family. Sarah was placed in a foster home where she was abused on a constant basis by the sons of the family she was living with. Sarah finally reached her boiling point, and one late night when she was running from her foster brothers fearing for her life.  Sarah came upon a cabin in the woods and fell to her knees out of breath knowing in her heart this was probably the last time she would take her last breath. The brothers were hot on her trail and wanted her dead because their parents were spending more time with her and the boy’s jealousy took over and they both snapped and planned for this night to be Sarah's last. Just as the two brothers were ready to pounce on Sarah and do her in an old woman stepped in front of the two boys and said "Is there something I can help you with?"
The two boys laughed and said "Don't you have some knitting to do?"
The old lady looked over at Sarah and said "What would you like me to do with these two boys?"
Sarah replied "I want them dead!!"
"How would you like them to die?" asked the old lady.
"I want their heads to twist off of their shoulders," said Sarah in an angry voice.
The boys were laughing hysterically at Sarah and the old woman.
Then the old woman said an incantation, and the two boys heads twisted right off of their shoulders. Then their dead bodies dropped to the ground. Sarah was in shock. The old lady told Sarah to stand up. Sarah did as the old lady asked and Sarah said "Why did you do that? I didn't really want them dead, I was just mad at them for tormenting me."
The old lady answered, "Haven't you ever heard someone tell you to be careful what you wish for?"
"Well yes, but I never thought it would happen to me and especially not in an evil way like this," exclaimed Sarah in a nervous voice.
"Well it did and now you have to live with what you wished for," replied the old woman laughing hysterically.
Sarah said "You're crazy old woman, you're crazy!!"
Sarah ran as fast as she could back home as the old ladies laugh echoed throughout the woods. Come to find out the old woman was a witch that died hundreds of years ago at the stake for practicing witchcraft.
Legend has it, whosoever steps foot on the property where the witches cabin is and wishes for something, it is said to come true no matter how good or evil the wish is. That's exactly what happened to Sarah on that windy day in the woods.
Lesson to be learned you better think twice about what you wish for or you might end up running for your life like Sarah did. Just because Sarah thought running back home and burying her secret deep within her soul would keep her safe. She was dead wrong, because the witch has to take whoever made the wish soul to stay alive to keep her evil presence around for all eternity.



Chainsaw
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Bill and Sharon Timmons were heading down the highway to what was supposed to be the greatest moment in their lives, but ran out of gas in the pouring rain just miles from their honeymoon destination. As Bill pulled his car off the side of the road, Sharon was getting nervous and antsy about what are they going to do. Sharon said in a nervous voice, "Honey where are we, and why did you pass our exit which was ten miles in the other direction?"
"Sorry, honey, I just thought this road would take us back in the right direction,” replied Bill.
"That's why you were supposed to use the GPS stupid," said Sharon in an angry voice.
"I'm not stupid! I’ll get us out of this mess," exclaimed Bill.
As Bill was dialing the AAA service to give him roadside assistance his cell phone died.
"What are you going to do now genius?" asked Sharon.
"Calm down! I'll go get help. I'm sure there is a house close by." said Bill in a stern voice.
"Bill, please hurry!" said Sharon in a scared voice.
Bill kissed his new bride on the cheek and set out in the pouring rain to find help.

Just moments later a tow truck pulled alongside Bill's broken down car with his beautiful new bride all alone in the car scared stiff. One of the men got out of the truck named Bubba while his brother Joe stayed in the truck. Bubba came over to the driver's side window and knocked. Sharon rolled down the window and said "Thank God you're here to help me and my husband get our car fixed." Sharon had no idea these men in the tow truck weren't sent by her husband, but they played along with her telling her not to worry they would take care of everything. She also had no idea that her husband was already dead. Bill found help alright, but not at the right house. The men let Bill inside their filthy shack only to tie him down on their kitchen table and saw his body into pieces with a chainsaw. These men were ready to give this new bride the scare of her life before they lowered the chainsaw blade to rip her pretty flesh into pieces. One of the men helped the new bride inside their tow truck while the other hooked the car up to be taken back to their shack for some more chainsaw action. Sharon thanked the men for wanting to help them out.
The men took a swig of beer and wiped their dirty unshaven smelly faces off, and one man said "It's all in a day’s work mam."
As the tow truck was barreling down the gravel road to their shack one of the men started getting fresh with the new bride and she said "What do you think you're doing?"
The man said “It's been a really long time since I've been with a woman."
Sharon smacked him and said "Keep your hands to yourself, and if you don't stop, I'll tell my husband and he won't be very happy about this."
The man driving started laughing and said "Your husband is in no position to do anything right now."
"What are you talking about?" asked Sharon.
The two men laughed and said "Let’s just say your man is in quite a few pieces."
"If you've done something to my husband, I'm going to the police about this," said Sharon in an angry tone.
The two men just laughed and finished off their beers as they pulled in front of their shack.
"Well Bubba, I think it’s time to show this little lady how we like to have fun in this town."
Sharon started screaming, and one of the men jerked her out of the truck, and dragged her through the mud and into the shack as she screamed for her husband.
Bubba said "I think she would like to be alone with her husband."
Bubba threw her on the bloody kitchen table next to her husband's severed head, and she started screaming bloody murder then Joe picked up the chainsaw pulled the cord and waved the chainsaw in the air as the chainsaw was buzzing. Bubba said "Joe let me cut her into pieces, you got to do her husband?"
Joe said "Well alright, I'll just sit back and sip on my beer while the chainsaw is ripping into her flesh. This time I think we should celebrate by eating their flesh. In the past we just cut them up and put the body parts in trash bags and bury them in the backyard."
"That sounds like a good idea," replied his brother Bubba.
Bubba lowered the buzzing chainsaw down on her body ripping away her flesh as she screamed blood splattered all over Bubba and the walls. Her screams were unbearable for the average person to endure. Bubba and his brother Joe sat down at the bloody kitchen table eating away at the newlyweds flesh and washing down their flesh with beer as they laughed.
Lesson to be learned if your woman tells you to stop and ask for directions, just do it, because if you don't you just might end up like these two newlyweds cut into pieces over something that didn't need to happen in the first place.
The Dead Body under the Mattress
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Bill and Karen Stevens were so excited to get to spend a weekend away from their children. Bill was the top salesman of his company that year and was awarded a weekend trip at any four star hotel of his choice compliments of the company he works for. Bill and Karen packed their belongings and said goodbye to their children and headed to the airport to their destination. As their plane took off to the blue skies Karen said " Bill you sure are deserving of this trip and I'm so happy to be sharing this moment with you."
Bill replied "I too am happy to be sharing this moment with the woman of my dreams."
They shared a kiss together and dozed off as their plane soared through the blue skies to their destination. The plane finally landed and they were ready for a fun filled weekend without their kids. Bill and Karen held hands as they approached the front desk of the beautiful Four Star Hotel. The man at the front desk said "Could I help you?"
"As a matter of fact you can, me and my wife have reservations at this lovely hotel."
"Your name, please?" asked the man at the front desk.
"Bill Stevens."
"Oh, yes, suite number 13 the penthouse," replied the man at the front desk.
The man at the front desk handed Bill the key to the suite and Bill and Karen got on the elevator with excitement on their faces as their evening of passion slowly turned into horror. Bill put the key in the door and they both stepped inside their suite, and Karen walked over to the bed, and lain down, and looked around at the beautifully decorated suite. Then a foul odor surrounded her and she said "Bill, what is that odor?"
Bill replied "It's probably nothing then he got closer to the bed and said "My God! It smells like something died in this room."
Bill immediately phoned the front desk and asked to speak to the manager. Bill told the manager he and his wife were going down to the hotel's restaurant, and would be back in an hour or so, and would appreciate it if housekeeping would clean the room, and get rid of that foul odor."
The manager reassured Bill they would take care of everything.
When Bill and his wife came back from dinner ready to relax and watch TV, once again they entered their suite and sure enough when his wife approached the bed the foul odor was back again. This time Bill phoned the manager more upset than before and said "If you don't get that smell out of here soon we want another room.”
Again the manager apologized and said housekeeping would go over every inch of the room, and take care of the problem once and for all. Bill and his wife went down to the gift shop for a little while then went for a walk to pass the time while their room was being cleaned. After they finished their walk, they went back to the hotel, and checked with the man at the front desk to see if their room was ready, and he said "Yes!"
Bill and his wife entered the room once again only to be disappointed. This time Bill had enough, and phoned the manager, and demanded another room, but they were all booked, and the manager told him he would check other hotels in the area, but they were all booked, because of the Presidential election that was going on. Bill said to his wife it looks like we're stuck for the night, but I will search this room from top to bottom. Bill searched all over, but always came back to the bed. So he told his wife to get off the bed and when Bill took the top mattress off, his wife screamed, and screamed again at the horrific scene under the mattress. There lie between the mattresses was a headless body, with maggots crawling out of the intestines. Bill and his wife ran out of the suite in horror, then ran out of the hotel without their luggage, and got a taxi, then headed to the airport to take the next flight home.
As for the decapitated body under the mattress, the police identified the body to be a woman in her twenties that was a prostitute. According to a witness, she overheard her and a man fighting over money. The witness said the yelling stopped after a few minutes, so the witness assumed they worked out their money issue. The following morning the witness seen the man leaving the room, and he smiled as he headed down the hallway to the elevators, and that was the last the witness saw him. Apparently, everything wasn't alright because the prostitute was decapitated and put under the mattress inside the box springs.
Bill and his wife will have nightmares and the smell of death for a very long time to come.
Don't Flash Your Headlights!
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


It was Halloween night and Jimmy was partying with a gang that he was excited about joining called the Demon Nights gang. There was only one thing that would prove he was worthy of being a part of the Demon Nights gang and Darren who was head of the gang would tell him.
"Jimmy you know it's not an easy thing joining our gang," said Darren.
"I know, but I want to be somebody and I'm not afraid of any challenge, so come on tell me what it is you want me to do?" asked Jimmy.
"Ok, but there is no backing out once I tell you and if you try to back out the only thing you'll be getting is a bullet in the back," explained Darren.
"Don't worry I'm up for anything," replied Jimmy.
"Here's what I want you to do. Follow me outside," explained Darren.
Jimmy and Darrin went outside to Darren's back yard.
"See that car over there," said Darren.
"Yes! I see it," replied Jimmy.
"Get inside and let me know what you think?" asked Darren.
Jimmy opened the driver’s side door and stepped in and said "Wow! This is a real beauty," exclaimed Jimmy.
Darren put his hand on the top off the car and bent over and said "This is where you come in. Your job is to drive this car down Willow road without any headlights on, and when the first car  flashes their headlights at you, you will turn your car around and chase them down running their car off the road. Then you will pull your car off the side of the road and pull out the shot gun that is in the back seat of the car and go up to their vehicle and finish them off with a shot to the head just to make sure they are dead. Then you will be accepted into the Demon Nights gang."
Jimmy replied, "I'm your man."
Darren patted Jimmy on the shoulder and said "I knew I could count on you."
Jimmy said "I'll do better than that I'll bring their head back for proof and set their car on fire."
"Ok then, I'll be waiting for you at my house at midnight," said Darren.
Jimmy started the car and asked Darren what the time was on his watch and Darren replied "7 pm."
Jimmy said "See you at midnight with their head," laughing as he backed the car out of Darren's driveway.
Jimmy drove off to get something to eat and then watched a movie to pass the time away. Jimmy stopped by his apartment to get his watch to make sure he left from the movie theatre by eleven to head to willow road and begin his initiation into the Demon Nights gang.
After Jimmy finished his dinner he arrived at the movie theatre by 9pm then left the theatre at 10:45 pm, got in his car and headed down Willow road to do what Darren told him to do.
As Jimmy was driving down Willow road without his headlights on a car was approaching and the driver said "That driver is going run off the road or cause an accident," so the driver flashed his headlights at Jimmy's car and as the driver passed by Jimmy's car, Jimmy turned on the cars headlights and rear ended the driver in front of him causing the driver to lose control of his vehicle and crash into a ditch.
Jimmy pulled his car off the side of the road and grabbed the shotgun from the backseat of his car and approached the wrecked vehicle he ran off the road. He pumped the shotgun and blew out the driver side window.
The driver in the vehicle barely conscious said "What do you want?"
Jimmy said "Your head!!"
The driver said "Please don't hurt me!"
Jimmy said "Shut up! This will be over real quick."
Jimmy raised the shotgun and shot the driver in the chest then pulled a hunting knife out of his back pocket and cut the driver's head off his shoulders.
Jimmy set the car on fire and brought the severed head back to his car and placed it in the front seat of his car and drove back to Darren's house to show proof that he followed through with the initiation and could now be a real gang member of the Demon Nights.
Jimmy sped off in his car as the drivers car burned with the decapitated body inside.
At the stroke of midnight Jimmy pulled into the driveway at Darren's house and took the severed head inside Darren's house and placed it on Darren's kitchen table and said "The deed is done now I believe I passed the test, and feel I'm worthy to be in your gang the Demon Nights.
Darren replied with excitement on his face and said "You really did follow through and I'm proud of you and for that being said you are an official member of the Demon Nights. Since you went way beyond what was expected you will be my right hand man. If I need some business taken care of, if you know what I mean, I have no doubt you won't let me down. "
Darren handed Jimmy a leather jacket with the Demon Nights gang embroidered on the back of the jacket.
Jimmy put the jacket on and said "I finally belong to a gang and have real friends that need me."
Jimmy finally got his wish on deadly circumstances.
If by chance you find yourself traveling down Willow road at night and a vehicle is driving without their headlights on it might be a good idea to just ignore it and drive on, or you might just end up like that poor driver that flashed his headlights and lost his head over it.







Don't Wake The Dead
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Being curious like little boys are, Jimmy had a hard time sleeping at night because of what lies beyond his backyard in the woods. Jimmy would be even more scared at night when it was storming outside. He would get out of bed, and go over to the window, and be able to get a glimpse of the cemetery because of the lightning. He could see the old wooden fence that was barely standing, that surrounded the crypt, and a few broken tombstones, but felt safe if he left the light on in his room, and the curtain closed.
One day when he was playing in his backyard he threw a rock at the crypt and said, "Wake up you bunch of lazy dead people. All you do is sleep all day and night. I wish someone would destroy the cemetery so I wouldn’t have nightmares anymore." Then as he was heading out of the woods he thought he seen a man coming out of the crypt, and could have sworn he heard his name called. Jimmy didn't wait around to see if it was just his imagination playing tricks on him. He ran as fast as he could to tell his parents what he saw. Jimmy's mother and father laughed and his father said, "There's nothing in that cemetery, but some old broken tombstones. If it will make you feel any better, I'll go with you, and check it out, and you'll see you're just imaging things."
"Thanks dad," replied Jimmy.
Jimmy and his father went back to the cemetery and found nothing, but just as they were heading back to their house the creaky door to the crypt opened, and Jimmy turned his head around, and said, "Look father the door to the crypt is open, by the time his father turned around to look the door shut. Jimmy's father said, "You need to stop this nonsense!"
Jimmy said, "I'm sorry, maybe you're right my mind is playing tricks on me."
Jimmy's father put his arm around his son and said, "How about some ice cream?"
Jimmy started running as fast as he could because he was excited about getting some ice cream.
The door to the crypt slowly opened, and the man Jimmy saw coming out of the crypt let out an eerie laugh that echoed throughout the woods, but Jimmy and his father were already inside the house, and couldn't hear the laugh, but the animals did and ran far away because they knew there was something evil lurking inside the crypt.
Jimmy ate his ice cream, and told his father he was going upstairs to play video games, and also said, "Dad thanks for going with me to the cemetery, I feel much better knowing there really isn't anything that will come out and get me."
"No problem son, now go play your video game and I'll see you later when it's dinner time."
Jimmy headed upstairs to play his video games, but as night came and a storm was rolling in, the dead man Jimmy thought was only in his imagination was going to pay him a visit with a few of his family members that were buried along with him in the crypt.
Jimmy's father and mother felt relieved that Jimmy was putting that nonsense about the dead man coming out of the crypt behind him. Jimmy's father and mother tucked their son in bed and said good night. The thunder and lightning was raging on and Jimmy couldn't sleep because in the back of his mind he couldn't shake off the fact, what if the man he saw at the crypt was real and coming for him. Jimmy got out of bed and slowly opened the curtain just to reassure himself there was no dead man coming out of the crypt to get him. Jimmy stared out the window as the thunder pounded and the lightning lit up the sky. His heart was pounding and after about five minutes of staring at the cemetery, and no sign of the dead man, he closed the curtain, and got back in bed, and pulled the covers over his head, and tried to go to sleep. Shortly after he closed his eyes, a rock hit his window, and Jimmy started shaking under covers, and said, "I'm just imaging things." Again another rock hit his bedroom window then voices called out to him saying, "Jimmy, come out you woke us up, I brought my family with me, and they want to know why you woke us from our sleep."
Again a rock hit his window, but this time the rock shattered the window, and the rain came pouring in, and the wind blew the curtains away from the window. Jimmy tried to scream out to his parents, but no words came out of his mouth.  Jimmy was really frightened and held the covers tightly over his head praying for the nightmare to end. Then all of a sudden his bedroom door flew wide open, and there stood at his doorway the dead man, and his family, ready to take Jimmy back to the cemetery to teach him a lesson that he wouldn't live to tell his parents about.
The dead man and his family members surrounded Jimmy's bed, and picked him out of his bed, and walked out of his bedroom unnoticed by his parents that were sound asleep down the hall from his room. The dead man and his family took Jimmy's scared little body inside the crypt and the creaky door slammed behind them. The dead man said, "Jimmy you woke my family from their sleep, and now you're going to have to pay for waking the dead."
Jimmy pleaded with the dead man and his family not to hurt him, but the dead said, "You should have thought about that before you threw that rock at the crypt and woke the dead."
The dead man and his family pulled Jimmy's arms and legs off then his head.
The next morning Jimmy's mother and father were frantically looking for their son. Jimmy's father finally said to his wife, "Maybe we should check the cemetery to see if he was playing inside the crypt and got locked inside."
When they got to the crypt the door was wide open and Jimmy's mother and fathers screams echoed throughout the woods. There lay Jimmy's body parts strewn throughout the crypt with a note written in Jimmy's own blood from the dead. The note said, "This is what happens when you wake the dead."
Looks like Jimmy was right all along the dead was really coming back for him. 


Drac Von Stoller Has Risen From The Grave
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


After Drac Von Stoller, and Nick Maundrell's takeover of the world in 666 days, Nick and his wife Isabella lived a simple life in Drac Von Stoller's old Castle for many years, but Nick wanted to be what Drac Von Stoller was and all that was on his mind was being the King of the Vampires. Nick just couldn't shake off the thought of just being Drac Von Stoller's right hand Vampire the rest of his life, so Nick decided to invite Drac Von Stoller to his Castle and poison him and drive a stake through his heart. With Drac Von Stoller out of the way Nick Maundrell would take over the throne and become King of the Vampires.
Nick sent the invitation by way of one of his henchmen on horseback. The henchman arrived a few days later and knocked on Drac Von Stoller's castle door. The rain was intense with a lot of thunder. The door opened, and Drac Von Stoller's servant answered, and said, 'May I help you?"
"Yes, I was sent by Nick Maundrell to deliver this invitation to Drac Von Stoller," replied Nick's henchman.
Drac's servant said, "I'll see that Drac Von Stoller receives the invitation."
Drac's servant entered Drac Von Stoller's study to deliver the invitation. The servant said,"Drac, I have an invitation that was just delivered by Nick Maundrell's henchman."
Drac placed his hand out, and the servant placed the invitation in Drac's hand, and Drac opened the invitation, and read it out loud. "Nick has invited me over to his castle for dinner tomorrow evening to celebrate our friendship and the takeover of the world."
Drac was excited to see his good friend Nick once again, but Drac's excitement about spending some time with his friend tomorrow evening would be short lived once Nick added a little poison to his drink. Drac told his servant he was going out for the night and would be hanging out with some friends at the Vampire Tavern. 
Drac hopped in his casket shaped car and sped off down the road to the Vampire Tavern. Drac pulled into his parking space that was reserved for him, and stepped out of his car, and entered the Vampire Tavern for a night of drinking, and live music. Drac stepped up to the bar and the bar tender said, "Drac what can I get you tonight?" 
Drac Von Stoller replied, "Make it a Bloody Mary on the rocks, Wolfman.” The Wolfman howled, and poured Drac Von Stoller his Bloody Mary, and Drac Von Stoller gulped it down, and wiped the blood from his mouth, and slammed his glass down on the bar and said, "Pour me another, Wolfman, and make it a little stronger." The Wolfman poured him another then Drac said, "I'll see you shortly I'm just going to listen to my favorite band, "The Ghouls of the Night."
"Ok, Drac, I'll see you around," as the Wolfman howled.
Drac partied hard as he always does at the Vampire Tavern, but Drac knew the fun had to end before the sun would start to rise. Drac checked his watch, and downed a few more shots of Bloody Mary’s, and said goodbye to the band, and staggered over to the bar, and said, "Hey! Wolfman, I'll see you tomorrow night."
The Wolfman replied, "I'll be here waiting to pour up some more Bloody Mary’s for you when you return."
Drac exited the tavern, and got in his coffin car, and drove back to his castle to sleep just before sunrise. Then when the sunset he would head on over to meet Nick Maundrell at his castle for dinner and celebration, but for Drac Von Stoller the only thing that would be celebrated at Nick's castle would be his death.
Night came, and Drac Von Stoller rose from his coffin, and said goodbye for the last time to his servant then got in his coffin car, and sped off down the road to Nick's castle as the rain poured down, and the lightning lit up the sky as the thunder cracked open the sky in the distance. Drac's eyes were red as fire as the excitement of spending time with his friend Nick was just moments away. 
Drac pulled up to the gate at Nick's castle and one of Nick's henchmen opened the gate to let Drac drive on through where death was waiting for him very soon. As Drac pulled up in front of the castle the henchman opened Drac's car door and said, "Hurry Drac, it's really pouring down hard out here. Nick's been expecting you." Drac shook off his cape and the henchman let Drac inside the castle, and Nick escorted Drac into his study while his maid servant's prepared their meal for their dinner. Nick poured Drac a Bloody Mary and Nick poured himself a Vamp Fire drink he concocted himself. 
"Well Drac, it's been a very long time since we've been able to sit down as friends and talk about our victory over the earth," said, Nick with a smile on his face.
"Yes, it has, and I couldn't think of anyone I would want to share this moment with," replied Drac.
"Why don't we toast to our victory over the earth? We could not have done this without our team of vampires," said Nick as their glasses touched together.
Nick watched with excitement on his face as Drac Von Stoller finished off his Bloody Mary drink that was laced with poison. Nick proceeded to open a wooden box on his desk which contained a stake to be used to drive through Drac Von Stoller's heart.
Drac said, "Nick, I'm having a very hard time breathing right now. Drac gasped for air once again and said "Nick Why?" 
Then Drac's head hit the top of Nick's desk, but Nick knew poison would not be enough to finish off a Vampire especially the King of Vampires. Nick called two of his henchmen to carry Drac Von Stoller down to the family crypt where Nick would drive a stake through his heart as he lie in a casket Nick had already purchased for Drac Von Stoller's final resting place.
As the two henchmen placed Drac's body in the casket Nick said to the henchmen "That will be all." The henchmen left the crypt, and Nick took the hammer, and stake out of the wooden box, and placed the tip of the stake on Drac's chest, and raised the hammer, and pounded the stake through Drac Von Stoller's heart as Drac tried to pull the stake out, but he just said, "Nick, you'll never get away with this."
Nick just laughed, and said, "I just did and now with you out of the way I will be the King of Vampires.
Nick closed the lid of the casket and called a meeting with all the vampires throughout the world to announce his takeover of the thrown and for proof that Drac Von Stoller was dead his casket with his dead body was on display for one day, so other vampires could pay their last respects to the King of Vampires.
Nick assumed his role as King of the Vampires that would be short lived because one of  Drac Von Stoller's servant's found out through one of Nick's henchmen when he was at the Vampire Tavern that Nick was keeping Drac Von Stoller's body sealed in a tomb in his crypt heavily guarded by some of his henchmen round the clock. Drac's servant told the henchman he could make him a Vampire with special powers not even Nick possessed. Then as the servant poured another glass of whiskey to the henchman he  pulled out a red bottle that only contained human blood and said, "Before, I give you this special potion that was kept locked inside a vault of Drac Von Stoller's, you must show me where Drac Von Stoller's tomb is inside Nick's crypt."
"If I show you, will you give me the magic potion?" asked Nick's henchman.
"Sure thing," as he was laughing under his breath. Drac's servant's magic vampire potion had no magic at all and all Nick's henchman would be getting for leading him to Drac Von Stoller's crypt would be a slit of the throat.
The henchman did as he promised and led him straight to where Drac Von Stoller's body was kept. Luckily, the two guards were passed out drunk that was guarding the tomb. Drac's servant thanked Nick's henchman, and handed over the vampire potion, and the henchman drank it, and said, "Now I'm going to be the King of Vampires.” That's when Drac's servant came up behind him, and slit his throat, and laughed, and said, "Stupid fool that was no magic vampire potion, it was just regular human blood."
Drac's servant came over to where the guards were passed out drunk on the floor, and slit their throats, then pushed the top off the tomb off exposing Drac Von Stoller's coffin hoping removing the stake from his heart will bring him back to life. The servant carefully removed the stake from his heart and watched with amazement as Drac Von Stoller was slowly coming back to life. Drac Von Stoller rose up out of his coffin and said "Thanks, you kind servant, you will be rewarded greatly for bringing me back to life."
Drac Von Stoller burst through the crypt door as more guards were approaching trying to stop him from leaving, but Drac Von Stoller's powers were too strong for them, and Drac was able to fight them off, and escape back to his castle unscathed.
Word got back to Nick about Drac Von Stoller rising from the dead. This infuriated Nick, and he knew his friendship was over, and it would be a fight to the death with Drac Von Stoller.
Later that evening, Drac Von Stoller and some of his loyal vampire friends stormed Nick Maundrell's castle out for blood. 
Drac Von Stoller burst through Nick's study window and said "Nick you must die for your betrayal of me."
Nick replied, "I was tired of being just your right hand vampire, and wanted to be King of the Vampire's, and the only way to be King of the Vampires was to kill you."
Then Nick and Drac battled to the death for hours, and Drac's powers were just too strong for Nick and Drac Von Stoller said, "It's a shame it has to end this way, but you leave me no choice."
Then Drac Von Stoller tore into Nick Maundrell's chest, and pulled out his heart, and squeezed the last drops of blood into his mouth. Then he dropped Nick's lifeless body on the floor of his study, and told his loyal vampires to spread the word throughout the world that Drac Von Stoller has risen from the dead, and now is King of the Vampires once again.
Drac Von Stoller decided there wouldn't be any more right hand vampires by his side, so he would be in total control of all vampires on the earth from now on.
Drac Von Stoller went on to be King of the Vampires for hundreds of years until he decided to pass on his title to the next great warrior vampire.
Evil
Author-Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Reverend Jesse West and his family resided in a town called Jacksport for the past thirty years and were well known in town. The Reverends wife taught bible school to young children at her husband's church while he wowed all the members of the church. The Reverend knew his bible inside and out and always helped anyone in need. Money was pouring in every Sunday and things were really looking good for the West family, but the Reverend West had a dark side nobody knew about not even his wife. The well respected Reverend of Jacksport had a love for blood. He thought drinking the blood from his victims brought him closer to God. He was able to hide his dirty little secret and always cover his tracks. The money that was taken up for collection went mainly to build the Reverend and his family a mansion with a secret room where his victims were led to thirst his quench for blood.
The Reverend was able to keep his secret hidden until he forgot to lock his sound proof room and his wife opened the door and caught him in the act. She said "What in the Hell are you doing to that girl?" in an angry voice. Her whole world was shattered seeing the man she thought was like a God to her, turned out to be the most evil man she ever met. Her husband turned around as blood was dripping down his chin and said "Honey, I'm only doing this to get closer to God."
"You're sick. I want a divorce?" said his wife angrily.
"You're not getting a divorce from me," replied her husband.
"Watch me, you are disgusting," answered his wife.
More heated words were exchanged and his wife ran out of the room telling him she was calling the police.
"Oh! No, you’re not,” said her husband as he was yelling and running after her down the hall to stop her from calling the police.
Right as she was dialing 911, he grabbed the receiver out of her hand and started beating her over the head with the receiver so hard he cracked her skull and broke the receiver. He yanked the telephone cord out of the wall and slammed the phone on the floor shattering it into a million pieces. He was pissed that his wife walked in on him. The Reverend dragged her barely conscious body to his secret room to drink her blood. As he was about to cut her jugular vein and fill his cup up with her blood, she said in a low tone of voice, "I hope you rot in Hell for what sins you have done." 
Then she slumped over dead in the chair. The Reverend proceeded with cutting her jugular vein as though his wife's death had no meaning.
About a couple Sundays later, and no word why the Reverend's wife was a no show in church, and Sunday school, some of the members were smelling foul play and decided to confront the reverend about his wife's whereabouts. He told them she was visiting relatives out of the country and won't be back until next month. They had a lot of respect for the Reverend so they took his word and let it go. The Reverend decided next Sunday he would make up a story that his wife got robbed and needed money to get back home. The congregation again bought his story and poured out their wallets. The Reverend knew it was time to pack his bags and get out of the country before his dirty little secret got out around town.
Just as the Reverend sat down in his seat on the plane that was going to take him far away from the sins he left behind. The police boarded the plane and arrested him for the death of his wife, and rape of some of the members of the church, and for stealing money from the church that loved him so much.
After his mansion was searched from top to bottom pictures of his victims were found in a wall safe behind a painting in his secret room. The more the police dug into the Reverend's private life, the secret got even dirtier and more disgusting. His wife wasn't the only murder he committed, another scrap book was found in a locked desk in the Reverend's study with at least fifty more victims being tortured. In each picture, he posed with his victim tied to a chair or bed with terror on their faces that showed him drinking their blood from a glass. Many of the photos were at least thirty years old. 
When the death sentence was handed down the judge asked the Reverend if he had anything he wanted to say to the family of the victims. He said "You've only scratched the surface of my killings, there are hundreds more. The bulk of my victims were runaways and prostitutes. Keep on digging. Go ahead and flick the switch, I'm ready to pay for my sins, and one more thing, their blood was so warm and tasty.” The Reverend was handcuffed and taken to death row to await his day to be fried in the electric chair. The day finally arrived for the Reverend to die and the families of the victims were rejoicing. It was midnight and the pastor asked the Reverend if he would like to say any last words and he said "You should have been there to taste their warm blood and hear their pleas." The guards placed the Reverend in the electric chair and strapped him in and the Reverend said "Are you men ready to smell some burning flesh?" The switch was thrown and the buzzing of the tens of thousands of volts traveled through the top of his head down to his feet, but the switch had to be thrown a second time for this evil man to die.
Sometimes evil can be found in good places right before our very eyes, and we not even know about it until it is too late, just as it was for the town of Jacksport for thirty years. Now that evil has left this town who will be the next to take its place will it be you or I. 
Flesh Ripper
Author-Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013  Smashwords Edition

Things down at the new Japanese massage parlor called "The Rub" were about to become a little messy because of customers leaving without paying their bill and making up excuses they'll pay at their next visit. That was about to change because there was a new masseuse  named Lamia meaning "Demon of the Pit" was summoned up to make these non-paying customers pay with their flesh.
The "Rub" was losing too much money and was on the verge of being shut down for good, but Lamia "Demon of the Pit" wasn't going to let that happen.
One of the "Rubs" most frequent non-paying customers was Gerald Tucker who stood six foot three and all the masseuses didn't dare cross him because of his mean temper and violent tendencies towards them. Mr. Tucker was in for a big surprise this time because Lamia was going to give him the massage of death.
As usual Mr. Tucker came in the parlor with his big ego and flashing his money around and bragging about his investments. This time Mr. Tucker was going to be put in his place for good and no money would get this cheap skate out of the trouble this time. Mr. Tucker was greeted by the receptionist with a big smile and told him he was going to get best the Rub has to offer.
As Mr. Tucker entered the room for his massage the room was dimly lit and Lamia was ready and patiently waiting Mr. Tucker's arrival. Mr. Tucker introduced himself and Lamia said "Good afternoon, why don't you take your coat and shirt off and lay on your stomach and I'll be with you in just a moment?"
Lamia came back to the massage table and said "I heard you've never paid for a massage."
"I don't have to pay for anything I own this town. Now why don't you shut your mouth and start massaging or I'll," replied Mr. Tucker.
"You'll what?" asked Lamia as she was slowly transforming into a demon.
Mr. Tucker said "What the hell in God's name are you?"
"I'm the Demon of the Pit and I've been summoned up from the pit to take care of pathetic pieces of crap like you," answered Lamia in a Demonic voice.
Mr. Tucker rose up from the table and shouted, "Is this some kind of joke?"
Lamia raised her hand as razor sharp fingernails over two inches long appeared out of nowhere and put deep gashes into Mr. Tucker's face. Mr. Tucker was begging and pleading for his life, but Lamia just let out a Demonic roar and started massaging Mr. Tucker with her razor sharp nails, peeling away his flesh as his screams and agonizing pain echoed throughout the massage parlor.
Lessoned to be learned, if you don't pay up you just might get a visit from Lamia the Demon of the Pit and have to pay with your flesh just like the cheap skate Mr. Tucker did at the Rub.

Horror In The Wax Museum
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


It was 1863 in a town called Cactus Jack and Dr. Henry Corbin who was the town’s doctor had grown tired of practicing medicine and was really interested in opening his own wax museum. Money was no object so he called on some of the best carpenters in town to begin the process. The wax museum was completed within a year and the only thing missing was the wax figures. Henry sat at his desk in his wax museum almost in tears. He said, to himself, "What am I going to do? I have no wax figures to put in my wax museum. I'll be out of business even before I open the doors."
Henry got up from his desk pacing back and forth trying to figure out how he was going to get some wax figures in his museum fast. Then he realized he had a friend of that had some mannequins in the back of his store and knew he wouldn't mind if he used them in his wax museum. Henry bolted out of the wax museum, and got on his horse, and rode off to his friend’s shop that was in the next town. Henry's heart was racing as his horse galloped through the desert. Henry checked his pocket watch and said, "This horse sure is a fast one, I made it here quicker than I thought I would."
Henry tied his horse to a hitching post, and stepped down off his horse, and went inside his friend’s store. Henry walked up to his friend Jack and said, "Hi! Jack, how is business?"
"Business couldn't be better. What brings you here?" asked Jack.
"Well, I've just opened a wax museum, and I need some wax figures to place inside my wax museum. I was wondering if you would let me use the mannequins in the back of the store for my displays," explained Henry.
"Sure, anything to help out a good friend of mine," replied Jack.
Henry and Jack gathered the mannequin’s together, and wrapped blankets around them, and placed them in a small wagon to take back to his wax museum. Henry rode back to his wax museum and dipped the mannequins in wax. Then he dressed them up as important figures of history, but on opening day the townspeople came in to check out Henry's wax museum only to make him a laughing stock of the town.
A good friend of Henry's said, "Henry, were you drunk when you dressed these wax figures, and started laughing as did many people standing and gazing upon Henry's disastrous wax works. The townspeople exited Henry's wax museum as quickly as they entered. Henry was sweating profusely and sought revenge for being laughed at by people he admired. All Henry thought about was making these townspeople pay for making him look like a fool. Henry said to himself, “They will all be sorry for laughing at me.” 
Later that night, Henry entered the saloon looking for a few people that wouldn't be missed to use as wax figures back at his wax museum. He hoped the townspeople would be set back at how lifelike his new wax figures looked. Henry came up to Bill who was easy prey and said, "Bill, I need you to do me a favor at my wax museum?" Henry filled up Bill's glass and Bill gulped down the booze like he hadn't had a drink all day. Bill was a little too drunk to find his way back to the wax museum so Henry gave him a bottle of booze, and told him to sit in the wagon, and he would make sure he got there safe. 
As Henry's wagon was traveling through the desert he noticed a woman with a broken down wagon, and the first thing that entered Henry's mind was another wax figure to add in his wax museum. Henry pretended her wagon wasn't fixable, so he offered her a ride into town and she accepted. Henry was seeing dollar signs, and couldn't wait to get these two people back to his wax museum, and throw them into the hot wax, and display them for his next grand opening of his wax museum in the morning. Henry helped the drunk man, and the woman inside his wax museum, and he told the woman he needed to show the drunk man something in the back of his museum, and would be right back. 
Henry and the drunk man went to a large room in the back of his museum. In the middle of the room was a large tub of hot wax that Henry put the mannequins in, but Henry was more interested in getting the townspeople's money he didn't care who or what he had to kill to make his wax museum a success. Henry pulled a full bottle of whiskey from his trench coat, and dropped it into the hot wax, and the drunk man said in a drunken state, "What did you do that for?" 
"It must have just slipped out of my hand. Why don't you try to fish it out with that broom over there?" replied Henry.
The drunk man said, "That's a good idea."
The drunk man staggered over to the broom and as he was trying to fish out the bottle of whiskey in the boiling hot wax, Henry kicked him in the back, and the drunk man fell into the boiling hot wax. Then Henry threw a lasso over his dead body, and pulled him out of the boiling hot wax, and laid him on the floor so the wax would cool.
Henry said, "Well, now I need to go check on the woman, and bring her back, and make another wax figure so I'll have two wax figures to show off when I reopen the doors in the morning. Henry left the dead drunk man lying on the floor then entered back into the front of the museum where he left the woman waiting for him and the drunk man to return. When Henry asked the woman to follow him to the back of the museum she said, "Where is that drunk man?"
Henry laughed and said, "He's passed out drunk on the floor. Maybe you can help me get him up off of the floor so we can sober him up?"
"I don't mind." said the caring woman.
When Henry and the woman entered the back of the museum, the woman said, "What's that large tub over there?"
Henry replied, "It's just a tub of water."
Henry and the woman went over to the tub and she said, "I feel heat rising from the top of the water."
Henry came up next to her and said, "You're right, and then he pushed her in the hot wax and laughed hysterically. The woman screamed as the hot wax covered her body from head to toe.
Henry said, "If things keep on going this way, I'll have this wax museum full of wax figures by the end of the week."
The next morning Henry opened his doors and showed off his new wax figures Napoleon and Marie Antoinette. The crowd of people were amazed at the great job Henry did with his wax figures to make them look so real. Henry told the crowd of spectators to come back the next day and he will have more to amaze them with.
Henry was having a lot of fun luring people into his wax museum only to end up as a wax figure for display. The money was rolling in, and Henry, was loving every minute of it, but like it or not all things must come to an end, and that's exactly what was headed his way.
The towns Marshall was getting too many complaints about people in town missing without a trace. He thought it was too much of a coincidence that when someone went missing, Henry added another wax figure to his collection at his museum. The Marshall decided to pay Henry a visit at his wax museum. As a crowd of people were gazing at the figures in Henry's wax museum the Marshall decided since Henry was busy bragging about his wax figure displays he would stay behind, and let the crowd, and Henry get farther away, so he would be unnoticed when he was taking a real close look at the wax figures to see if they were dead bodies covered in wax. The Marshall pulled out his knife, and cut into the wax figure, and blood started oozing out. The Marshall drew his gun, and approached Henry, and said, "Henry Corbin! You are under arrest for murder."
The crowd scattered and Henry made a break for the back of his museum as the Marshall told Henry to give up, but he just ran and the Marshall had no choice, but to shoot Henry. Henry was able to make his way to the area where the tub of wax was. The Marshall had Henry cornered and told him to give up, but Henry didn't want to be hung on the gallows for murder, so Henry dove into the wax and ended up just like the people he made wax figures out of. 
The wax museum was shut down and the people Henry murdered to make wax figures out of were buried in the cemetery not too far from the wax museum where they were led to their deaths to become one of Henry's wax figures.
Legend has it that screams, and moans could be heard, and apparitions of the dead that Henry killed could be seen walking inside the run down wax museum. So, if you find yourself traveling through this ghost town you might be able to hear the screams of the wax figures or even get a glimpse of one of Henry's wax figures.

Humans Can Lick, Too
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition



It was Kathy's parent’s anniversary and they planned a weekend getaway leaving Kathy all alone with her dog. Kathy didn't like being left alone, but she knew her parents had been planning this trip for a long time and didn't want to spoil it for them. Kathy was unaware that an inmate escaped from the local jail for attempted murder. She hugged her parents and they drove off to their destination. Kathy closed the front door and picked up her dog and sat down on the couch to watch a movie. The mood was set for a scary night for Kathy a storm was approaching and the inmate found his way to her house.
As the thunder and lightning got intense, Kathy held her dog tight in her arms shaking like a leaf. Moments later Kathy dozed off on the couch, and her dog heard a noise and decided to investigate. Kathy finally woke up about an hour later, only to find her dog was no longer in her arms. She called out to her dog, but was too tired to go all over the house searching for him. She decided to turn in for the night and left her bedroom door ajar so her dog would crawl under her bed and she would feel safe.
A few hours later Kathy awoke from a dripping noise, so she went into the kitchen and checked the faucet to see if it was dripping and it was so she shut it off, and returned to bed, and reached down to feel her dog lick her hand so she would feel at ease. She fell back asleep and the dripping noise started up once again. This time she thought the dripping was coming from her parents bathroom, so once again she turned the faucet off, and returned back to bed reaching down to be licked once again on her hand by her dog. Again the dripping noise started again and this time she thought the dripping was coming from her bathroom. She checked the sink no dripping, then she opened the shower curtain and got the shock of her life there hanging by a cord from the shower head was her dog dead as dead can be with a note that read "Humans Can Lick, Too." Kathy screamed and as she ran towards the front door to escape the inmate grabbed her and stabbed her to death.
Kathy had a good reason to be scared being left all alone in the house without her parents to keep her safe from the evil that was lurking outside the house. If only they never would have taken that long awaited trip Kathy might still be alive.
In The Forests of The Night
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Deep in the forest, stands a mountain that has claimed the lives of many daring mountain climbers, known as Death Mountain, which is one of the tallest mountains in the world, at an approximate height of 32,000 feet. The reason that so many climbers have lost their lives is because of health issues and extreme cold temperatures, as the climbers make their way through the jagged edges of the mountain. You can always count on an avalanche to be waiting for the next brave souls to risk their lives climbing to the top of Death Mountain. Not only is the mountain covered with mounds of snow, there is no hint of sunlight to light the climbers way, as they climb the treacherous journey to the peak of the mountain.  Of course, there is always some hot shot climbers that think they are the ones who will be the first to stand at the top of Death Mountain and yell out "We made it!, and congratulate the rest of the brave climbers for such a heroic feat. 
Here's where the story begins.
Jimmy Spencer and his friends Karen, Jackie and Tom were all avid mountain climbers and were always up for a challenge. They all dreamed of being heroes in their town. There wasn't much excitement in their town, so if Jimmy and his friends could climb the highest mountain and survive to tell about it, they would all be heroes. Jimmy knew the only way that would happen, would be if they could climb to the top of Death Mountain. The closest any one came to climbing that mountain was half way because of avalanches and extreme cold temperatures. It was too dangerous for helicopters or planes to fly above Death Mountain to search for lost climbers, so any search had to be done on foot. Jimmy and his mountain climbing buddies were used to climbing in extreme temperatures, so they all thought if anybody could tackle such a feat, they were the team of climbers to do it. 
Jimmy, Karen, Jackie and Tom decided they would all spend the night at Jimmy’s cabin which was about twenty miles from Death Mountain. In the morning they would stop by for breakfast at Dave’s Diner and discuss their history making feat on Death Mountain. Everyone piled into Jimmy’s van and set off down the road to Jimmy’s cabin to let their egos explode about how they were going to be famous in a couple weeks. The only fame these four mountain climbers would be getting is being splashed all over the major newspapers across the nation about their mysterious deaths.
As Jimmy was pulling into the gravel driveway to his cabin, the snow was coming down pretty heavy. Karen said, "I can't wait until morning comes so we can be the first team of climbers to make it to the top of Death Mountain." Jackie chimed in and said "This is going to be a dream come true since we've all been climbing mountains for over ten years and Death Mountain is going to make us all famous." Tom replied "I've never been so happy to be with the best climbers and friends, so this should be a breeze for us all."
"Ok, everyone, we’re here and we all know the drill. No alcohol and no staying up late because we have our toughest days ahead of us. My watch says 7:00 pm and I want us all in bed by 9:00pm and up by 6:00 am for breakfast," exclaimed Jimmy."
"Well, we have two hours before we hit the sack. Does anyone want to play some poker?" asked Tom.
Karen answered, "That sounds like a good idea to pass the time."
Jackie replied, "I'm game."
Jimmy chimed in and said "I'll get the fire started and you can count me in."
Everyone sat down at the table and the cards were dealt to every player. As the game progressed, Karen asked Jimmy, "You really think we can reach the top of Death Mountain alive to tell about it?"
"If I had any doubt about our abilities, we wouldn't be here right now planning this great moment in history," replied Jimmy.
Tom chimed in and said, "Look guys, it's about time to call it a night. I have to agree with Jimmy, we were all brought here for a reason and that reason is to be the first team of climbers to reach the top of Death Mountain and come back as heroes. So, Karen, don't worry?  You're in the company of some of the best mountain climbers, and I guarantee we're all coming back in one piece."
"Sorry, everybody, I'm just a little nervous, because no one has ever been able to come back and celebrate such a feat." exclaimed Karen.
"Ok, I think it's time to wrap up this poker game and get some sleep because our toughest days are ahead of us," exclaimed Jimmy. Everyone got up from the table and headed to bed dreaming of their history making days ahead of them. 
Morning finally arrived and the alarm sounded. Jimmy grabbed the alarm clock off the night stand and turned it off. Jimmy got out of his bed and walked over to wake up his climbing buddies and said "Get up everybody, it's time for breakfast. They all got up, showered, got their supplies together for the climb up Death Mountain. After their showers, Jimmy went through his checklist to make sure everyone was well equipped for the climb. Then they put on their heavy coats and piled into Jimmy's van and headed to Dave’s Diner for breakfast.
After breakfast, Jimmy told everyone to hold hands. Then Jimmy said a little prayer before they got up from the table and headed out of Dave’s Diner to Death Mountain. As Jimmy and his friends were traveling down the road in the snow, they were singing songs to pass the time. Finally, Jimmy pulled his van into Death Mountain, and everyone was overtaken by its beauty, but we all know beauty is only skin deep.
Jimmy said "Ok, everybody, let's get this party started. Everyone got out of the van and unloaded their gear from the van and started their climb up Death Mountain. The snow was pretty intense and as they were ascending up the mountain, Jimmy turned around and said "Since the snow is putting a damper on our ascending up Death Mountain, I think we should set up camp in about an hour. That way we can at least get a couple hundred feet behind us. Then in the morning, if the snow lets up, we can edge our way up the mountain before we set up camp again."
Everyone agreed and proceeded forward with the climb. Karen chimed in and said "I can see why they call this mountain, Death Mountain. Then all of a sudden Karen screamed out "Jackie hold on!" Karen, Tom and Jimmy rushed to Jackie's aid as she was clinging to dear life on the mountains edge. Tom and Jimmy grabbed hold of Jackie's arm and Karen wrapped a rope underneath Jackie's arms as a precaution in case Tom or Jimmy lost their footing on the edge of the mountain. Luckily, with Jackie's friends quick thinking saved her life. Jackie thanked her friends and they all hugged and pressed forward.
Finally, Jimmy and his friends reached their first destination to set up camp for the night.  Jimmy and Tom got the tent set up and Jackie and Karen gathered firewood to build a fire to give them warmth for the night.
The first night was a breeze, but night two would keep these four climbers sleeping with one eye open. Strange noises were echoing in the distance and their tent started shaking violently, causing panic inside the tent of not knowing what lurks outside of their tent. Karen and Jackie were clinging to Jimmy and Tom for dear life, screaming as the tent was shaking, then silence. Tom and Jimmy told the girls to stay inside the tent while they would try to find out what caused the tent to shake, but as Tom and Jimmy searched for at least an hour, they couldn't find a single clue of what caused the tent to shake, not even as much as footprints in the snow. Tom and Jimmy went back to their tent shaking their heads at what just happened, with no explanation to ease the girl’s minds.
As Jimmy unzipped the tent, Jackie and Karen sat up waiting for the news, but there was no good news. Jimmy said "I'm sorry, but me and Tom canvased the whole area and could not find a single foot print or animal tracks leading up to the tent so, I'm just going to assume it was a gust of wind that caused the tent to shake."
Karen replied "That was no gust of wind I tell you. We've all camped out in many tents throughout the years and I know what wind can do to a tent and someone or something shook our tent to scare us."
Jackie chimed in and said, "Sorry, guys that explanation doesn't hold water, but I thank you for trying to ease our minds. Maybe, whatever it was won't be back and in the morning we can press forward in our climb far enough away that this thing won't be back."
"I suggest we try to get some sleep because we have a long day ahead of us," said Jimmy.
Everyone did their best to get a good night’s rest, but that was going to be difficult, because of the fear of whatever was out there, would probably be back, and this time their lives would be in jeopardy. All they heard through the night was strange noises echoing throughout the forest. 
When morning finally arrived the four climbers sat around their campfire eating breakfast and discussing what might have been the cause of the tent shaking violently. Tom said "Maybe it was a bear."
Jackie chimed in and said "I've heard legends about Bigfoot sightings on Death Mountain."
Jimmy laughed and said "Bigfoot, you've got to be kidding me. I was thinking more of Alien intervention."
"Karen, what do you think it was?" asked Tom.
"I think it was some jealous climbers that don't want us to make history, that's what I think," answered Karen.
"You know what, Karen, you're answer makes more sense than any of ours," said Jimmy.
Everyone started laughing and saying we're just making something out of nothing. After they finished their breakfast they all got their gear together and set off for the next campsite about fifteen hundred feet up the mountain. The further these climbers got up the mountain the closer they came to death. Again another climber lost their footing and came inches from falling to their death, but luck was on their side. Their luck would be running out as soon as they reached the third campsite, which would put the climbers at twenty-five hundred feet with only about seven hundred feet left to their destination. Finally, the climbers reached the third campsite as the snow was letting up. 
Jimmy said to the others, "We're getting closer to the top, but there is some heavy snow headed our way tonight and that is going to set us back a couple days."
Karen chimed in and said "That's ok by me I could sure use the rest."
Tom and Jackie both agreed. The four climbers got their tent set up and got a fire started for a night of terror. Everyone gathered around the fire to keep warm.
Karen said "Did you guys hear that?"
"Hear what?" replied Jackie.
"It sounded like a faint growl," said Karen.
"Stop kidding around, you know how scared we got at the first campsite. We don't need any distractions," exclaimed Jackie.
"Sorry, I was just having a little fun," replied Karen.
Jimmy said "This calls for a little celebration." 
Jimmy pulled a bottle of wine from inside his coat and popped the top, took a swig and passed the bottle around until the bottle was dry.
Tom said "Do you guys realize how close we are to getting to the top of Death Mountain?"
"Everyone yelled out, Hell yeah!"
"We are going to be the envy of every mountain climber when we get down from this mountain next week," exclaimed Jimmy.
"I think we all should get a good night’s rest because we'll have a lot of celebrating and picture taking," said Jimmy.
Everyone entered the tent for the last time. An hour passed and everyone was fast asleep, then all of a sudden all that was heard were blood curdling screams echoing throughout Death Mountain from the four climbers and then silence.
The following week the media was waiting patiently for hours for the anticipation of being the first to interview and take pictures of the history making climbers, but that would not be the case. A search party was called and when the four climbers were found the searchers got the shock of their lives. There was no sign of blood on or around their bodies. Their eyes were missing and their bodies were charred, but there was no sign of a fire near the bodies.
After further investigation by the local authorities and coroner’s office there traces of radiation that puzzled the coroner and their skin was that of a person that was over eighty years old. Their hair was white. Another piece of the puzzle that just didn't add up was that whatever happened must have been horrifying because their tent had been cut from the inside and they were armed, but none of their firearms had been discharged. This horrific incident left the media and local authorities scratching their heads. There were assumptions made by many of the townspeople saying that they were part of an alien abduction that went terribly wrong, and the aliens just tossed their lifeless bodies out of their spaceship like rag dolls when they were through with their experiment. Another assumption was that the climbers stumbled upon a top secret military experiment and the military discovered that these four climbers were no ordinary climbers and knew they had to be disposed of.
Who knows what really happened to these four mountain climbers on Death Mountain. They were so close, but yet so far to making history. I guess we'll never know what really happened to these climbers on Death Mountain. The climbers will always be remembered as being the only climbers to have been the closest ones to reach the top of Death Mountain.









It Was Just an Accident
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition

Susie Edwards found out at an early age how looks can be an advantage if you do something wrong. It all started with small things like the family pet. One day when Susie was out walking the dog, she wanted to see if she could get away with killing the dog. Susie took the dog about twenty feet in front of the edge of a cliff deep within the woods in back of her house and threw a stick and told the dog to go fetch it. The dog did as asked and went over the edge of the cliff to its death.  Susie thought this was really cool, but Susie didn't realize killing things isn't such a cool thing to do. Susie was such a likeable person who had many friends, but Susie was getting pretty bored with their company and never forgot about the rush she got when she watched her dog run off the edge of the cliff to its death.  Susie was ready to test the waters of death on her friends. Susie invited three of her closest friends over for a sleep over.
She asked Brenda, Susan and Jamie over and they said "Sure thing!"
Susie's adrenaline was pumping through her veins and she was working hard on planning her friends last night on earth.
Finally, night had arrived and Susie greeted her friends at the door. Susie wanted to make sure her friends were comfortable before the killing began.
Susie came up to Brenda and said "Brenda come with me I want to show you something."
Susie told Jamie and Susan they would be right back and to watch a movie.
The two girls sat down on the couch and watched TV while Susie and Brenda went outside for a walk. Susie told Brenda to walk with her through the woods. Brenda followed her to a tree that was about ten feet from the edge of the cliff. Susie had a Pinata hanging from the tree and told Brenda if she broke the Pinata into she would get the jewelry inside of it. Brenda was excited and Susie placed a blind fold on Brenda then spun her around until she was dizzy. Instead of Susie directing her friend in the direction of the Pinata she pointed her to the edge of the cliff and watched Brenda fall from the edge of the cliff as she was screaming for Susie to save her.  But all Susie did was laugh, as her friend plummeted to the ground to her death. Susie skipped along through the woods back to her house to plan her next kill. Susie knew she had to act fast, so she went straight to the kitchen and poured Jamie and Susan a drink laced with rat poison. Susie didn't quite put enough rat poison it which only made the two girls light headed. The girls asked where Brenda was and Susie said as she was crying, "She lost her balance and fell off the cliff. I swear it was just an accident."
Susan said "Is she still alive?"
"I'm not sure?" replied Susie.
All three girls headed into the woods to the cliff, but just as they were walking out the door to the woods, Susie picked up a baseball bat and kept it hidden behind her back so when they reached the cliff she would hit the girls in the back of the head and push them both off the cliff. That's exactly what happened. Both girls were next to the ledge and Susie swung the bat as the two girls were looking over the edge of the cliff for Brenda. Susie hit Susan so hard her skull about split in two pieces, and Jamie screamed for help and Susie swung the bat hitting Jamie across the head. Susie was laughing hysterically, but she would have to do a lot of explaining when her parents got a knock on their door the next morning asking questions about the whereabouts of Susan, Jamie and Brenda.
Morning arrived and sure enough the police came knocking and wanted to know if anyone might know where the three girls went when they left Susie's house. Of course Susie was as calm as a kitten and said "I guess they went home."
After the police were through asking questions, they left with no answers, but told Susie and her parents not to leave town in case they had more questions to ask. A week passed by and finally the girls bodies were discovered by two boys playing in the woods. The police came back to Susie's house asking more questions and Susie said to the officers "We were playing at the edge of the cliff and we all lost our balance because a piece of the ground gave way and Brenda pushed me back towards the edge and I was able to hang on to the edge and pull myself back up to safety. I wish I could have saved them all, but I couldn't. Susie was saying all this as fake tears were rolling down her cheeks. The three girl’s bodies were recovered and the skeletal remains of Susie's dog. The three girl’s deaths were all ruled as an accident and Susie was so happy and ready for some more killing.
The body count started piling up and this time too many fingers were being pointed at Susie to say it was just an accident. After the three girls deaths were forgotten about, Susie was ready for some more action. This time she decided to invite Doug, Johnny and Debbie over to camp out in the woods behind her house. As they were setting up the tent, Susie asked Doug if he would get some firewood, but she told him exactly where to find some and Susie dug a pit and filled it full of snakes, and placed loose branches over it, so it wouldn’t look suspicious. Doug ran over to where Susie told him to go, and Doug fell right in the snake pit and was bitten to death.
Johnny and Debbie tried their best to free Doug, but it was no use. Susie was laughing under her breath. Johnny and Debbie said "What are we going to do?"
Susie said "Don't worry you both stay right here and don't let Doug out of your sight and I'll go call the police.
Johnny and Debbie did as Susie asked, but Susie had no intentions on calling the police. All Susie was thinking about was killing Johnny and Debbie so they wouldn't go to the police, even though it looked like an accident. Susie grabbed a shotgun from her father’s gun cabinet and loaded it and set off back in the woods to blow Johnny and Debbie’s heads off. Susie slowly crept up on Debbie and Johnny as their backs were turned towards Susie and Susie raised the shotgun and shot Johnny in the back of the head and he fell in the snake pit dead. Debbie started screaming and running for her life, but Susie was so pumped up she wasn't going to let Debbie get out of the woods alive. Just as Debbie thought she was home free, Susie jumped right in front of her and pushed her to the ground. Debbie kept screaming, but the nearest house was a half a mile down the road so her screams went unnoticed.
Susie said "Shut up, this will be over in a few seconds."
Debbie was crying and pleading for her life.
Susie pumped the shotgun, started laughing and said "This is the only thing I do best in life and that is Kill people.”
Debbie replied "You're sick!!"
"I think it's time I shut your mouth for good!!" said Susie as she pointed the barrel at Debbie’s head. 
Susie pulled the trigger and Susie’s head was blown clean off her shoulders. Susie had this all planned out to a tee. Her parents were out of town for the weekend so what a perfect time for Susie to kill some more of her friends. Susie didn't realize her gunshots were heard by a passing motorist and the motorist stopped their vehicle and turned their lights off and got on their cell phone and called the police. Susie tossed the shotgun in the snake pit and headed back home, but Susie didn't make it home because the police stopped and questioned her, but Susie took off running home, but the officer chased her down and tackled her.
The officer asked her, "Why did you take off running when I asked you a question?"
Susie replied "It was just an accident, it was just an accident," as she was crying.
The officer said "What are you talking about?"
"We were camping out and Doug was drinking too much and went back to his truck and got a shotgun and came back and started shooting everybody and that's when I started running for my life. I just wanted to go home," said a teary eyed Susie.
The officer almost believed her, but decided to take her back to the scene of the crime and explain what really happened. Susie knew if she went back to the scene of the crime and tried to explain what happened he would never believe her. As they were walking through the woods, the officer called for backup and as the officer was distracted talking to another officer on patrol, Susie’s killer instinct kicked in and she grabbed his gun out of his holster and she opened fire on the officer killing him. Susie was in so deep now that no jury would let her off. Susie grabbed the officer by his ankles and dragged his body to the snake pit and the officer grabbed Susie by the ankle and she tried to get free, but he had a tight grip, so she shot him five times and then he released his grip. Susie wasn't laughing anymore, she was in panic mode. Then she pushed his body in the snake pit along with Johnny, Doug and Debbie’s bodies then covered the pit with branches. Susie high tailed it out of the woods, but three squad cars were blocking her escape route. The officers had their guns drawn and Susie opened fire on them and the officers returned fire wounding her. Susie was handcuffed and taken down to headquarters for further questioning, as the other officers searched for the officer that called in for backup.
After further investigation and all four bodies had an autopsy done on them, it was clear homicide was the cause of death. Susie kept to her story about all their deaths were accidents, but the police interrogator wasn't buying her story. Susie’s fingerprints were all over the shotgun and the police decided to dig a little deeper into Susie’s past and discovered three of her closest friends died while she was present.  Brenda, Jamie and Susan's bodies were exhumed to see what their cause of death was and found blunt force trauma to Jamie and Susan's head and traces of rat poison in their bloodstream, but couldn't find any evidence that Susie was the cause of Brenda's death.
In the end Susie was convicted of murder in the first degree of Jamie, Susan, Johnny, Debbie, Doug and the police officer and second degree murder for the death of Brenda. Susie was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. It wasn't even a month that Susie spent in prison that she decided to end her life because she could no longer be free in the outside world to kill again, so she hung herself in her jail cell. All the pain that Susie caused the family of the murdered victims was finally over now that this psycho killer ended her own life.





Kill Me Dead or I'll Be Back!
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


We've all heard this line before. "You better kill me dead, if you don't, I'll be back."
That's exactly what Tim said to these men that were terrorizing the town he was raised in.
These three brothers Dave, Tom and Jack were the most hated in the town of Hattiesfield.
Somehow these brothers didn't have anything better to do like have a job. They were always drinking heavily and getting into fights with the men in town because they would flirt with their women and carry it just a little too far.
One day when Tim was driving home a car pulled up right beside him and one of the men rolled down his passenger side window and said "Hey Tim do you want a race?"
Tim replied "Not interested."
"Are you chicken?" asked Jack, one of the passengers in Tom’s car.
"No! Why don't you guys leave me alone!" exclaimed Tim.
The men started laughing and calling Tim chicken. 
Tom decided to play chicken with Tim so he slowed the car down, and got behind Tim's car and tapped his bumper several times. Tim started driving faster, but Tom wasn't about to let up on the chase. Tim finally lost control of his vehicle and his car went off into the ditch and caught on fire. Tom pulled his car over and all three men got out of the car and pulled Tim from his burning car.
Tim said "Thanks! I was almost a dead man."
Jack said "Did you really think we pulled you out of your burning car to save your life. We only pulled you out because we're going to whoop your ass!"
Tim replied "Why?"
Dave chimed in as he took a swig of beer and said "We like terrorizing this town."
Then Dave started kicking Tim in his side. Tim moaned and said "You better kill me dead or I'll be back!"
Dave, Tom and Jack just laughed as they popped the tops of their beer cans and beat him severely. Before Tim passed out and finally took his last breath he said "I'll be back, mark my words. Jack said "I've heard enough and went over to Tom's trunk and got out a crowbar, walked up to Tim and started bashing his skull in as Tom and Dave laughed finishing off their beers. When they were through killing Tim they tossed his body on top of his burning car, then jumped back into Tom's car and sped off down the road tossing their beer cans out the cars windows. It wouldn't be long before Tim's last words would come true to Dave, Jack and Tom.
One night when Tom, Dave and Jack were driving through town looking for trouble Tim's ghost appeared in the backseat of Tom's car and said in an eerie voice, "I told you I would be back." Then all of a sudden Tim's ghostly figure vanished into thin air. They all looked at each other and said "It must be the beer." Tom just drove on as though it was just a dream, but the Hell they caused everyone in town was about to come to a deadly end for them all. Tim started appearing in Tom, Dave and Jack's dreams giving them all no rest or comfort throughout their days to come.
When Tom and Jack went over to Dave's house to pick him up for another fun filled day of terrorizing the townspeople, they found Dave hanging from the top of the staircase swinging back and forth. Tom and Jack rushed over to cut him down, but Dave was ice cold. The life had been choked out of him. Tom and Jack started calling out to Tim's ghost telling him they were going to get him for this. Then all of a sudden Tim was laughing and appeared right in front of Jack and Tom and said "You can't kill me, I'm already dead. I told you all to kill me dead or I'll be back. Apparently you didn't do the job right, so I'm going to kill you both soon, and there is nothing both of you can do to stop me. You're going to pay for terrorizing this town mark my words!"
Jack and Tom tried to tackle Tim to the ground, but they just collided into each other and fell to the floor. Tim let out an eerie laugh and said "Watch your backs because I'll be there every step of the way to prolong the Hell I'm going to put you both through."
Jack and Tom went out to Tom's car and sped off down the road looking to take out their anger on anyone that crossed their path. 
Jack said "Look there's Bill Edwards, pull over and let’s beat him to a bloody pulp."
Tom pulled the car over and they both got out of the car and knocked him to the ground, and as Tom and Jack raised their fists to punch him, Tim's ghost appeared out of nowhere, and grabbed Jack and Tom's fists and squeezed them so hard it crushed their bones. They both yelled out Tim's name and Bill said "What is going on?"
"Did you see him?" replied Tom and Jack.
Bill got up off the ground, and dusted himself off, and said "You both need help."
Tom and Jack pleaded for Bill to help them as their hands were mangled and bloody, but Bill just kept walking ignoring their pleas.
Tim said "I told you I will be everywhere you are until you both are dead!" Ha! Ha! Ha!
Tim also said "How does it feel to have the tables turned?"
Jack and Tom replied "Please let us go and we won't cause any more trouble?"
"Sorry, guys you should have thought of that when I pleaded for you to spare my life, but you all laughed, and threw my battered body on top of my burning car, and sped off down the road drinking your beer, and laughing about what you just did to me. So, I'm just returning the favor. I hope you both enjoy the Hell I'm going to put you both through,” replied Tim.
Jack and Tom just got back in Tom's car and drove down the road wishing this nightmare would end. Then as they were driving around town looking for someone to listen to them about a ghost haunting them from the grave, Tim's ghost appeared in the back seat of Tom's car, and put his cold hands on their shoulders, and said "Did you miss me? I sure missed you both. I know we're all going to have a Hell of a time together before you both take your last breaths." Ha! Ha! Ha!
"Leave us be! I told you we're not going to cause any more trouble!" exclaimed Tom.
“I'm sorry guys, I don't have anything to do, but cause you both Hell and I'm a ghost who lives up to my promise. I promised you both days and nights of Hell and that's what I intend on doing. So, just sit back and relax and enjoy the ride before you both die," said Tim.
As the days and nights wore on Tom and Jack slowly went insane and stopped eating and sleeping. Tom and Jack were pleading for Tim to end their lives, but Tim just said "Why? We're all having such a good time and besides I feel we're all becoming such great friends."
Jack finally said "I've had enough," and went out to the balcony of his apartment and threw himself over the balcony to his death. Tim laughed and watched Jack hit the pavement and said "Well it looks like just me and Tom now, and once I visit Tom, and watch him end his life, I guess I'll go back to my grave and sleep. Then the townspeople will have peace in their town once again."
Tim appeared in Tom's bedroom as Tom's weak body was lying on his bed and said "Tom, "Why don't you pull the gun out of the drawer and shoot yourself?" Tom reached for the drawer, but was too weak to open the drawer, so Tim opened it for him, and placed the gun in his hand, and helped him point it at his head. Tim said "Pull the trigger."
Tom didn't have quite enough energy left in his frail body to pull the trigger, so Tim said "Let me help you with that," and pulled the trigger and Tom's brain matter was splattered all over his bed and he was dead. Tim laughed and said "Well my job is done here, and now I can rest in peace, and so can this town.
Tim went back to his grave to rest in peace and so will the town that was once terrorized by three Hell raising men this town will never forget.











Killer Dummy
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Ted always dreamed that someday he would be a ventriloquist and that day finally arrived on his 50th birthday. One of his closest friends Bob decided since it was the big 50 and he would make his dream come true. Bob had his eyes on an antique ventriloquist dummy at his aunt’s antique shop. He told her to put it on hold so he could surprise his good friend Ted at his birthday dinner tomorrow. Bob was excited to be able to make his buddy Ted's dream come true. Bob gave his aunt the money for the dummy and got it gift wrapped. Bob called Ted on the phone and told him he wanted to take him out for his birthday tomorrow. 
Ted said "I’ll be there."
Bob said "I’ve also got a big surprise for you."
"Thanks good buddy, I guess I'll see you tomorrow," replied Ted.
The day finally arrived and Ted was having a great time with his buddy Bob. Ted opened his gift and was so excited he said “Bob, this is a dream come true and now I can share it with the world and I owe you big time.” Bob replied “Bob said “Don’t worry about it, you’re my best friend and I’m just happy I was able to make your dream come true.”  After dinner was over the two men shook hands and Bob said “You’re going to be famous someday and don’t forget me when you do.” Ted replied “Don’t worry I won’t.” Ted put the dummy back in its box and got in his car and headed home to practice with the dummy until his eyes were too tired to see.
As Ted was driving down the road singing along with the radio he thought he heard someone call his name. He just ignored it and kept singing along with the radio then it happened again. The voice said "Hey stupid get me out of this box I can't breathe."
Ted said "I must be losing my mind. I thought I heard a voice come from the box."
"That's right stupid! Now get me out of this box before I kill you! 
Ted cautiously opened the box and the dummy sat up looking at Ted directly in his eyes and said "You look as though you've seen a ghost."
Ted swerved to the side of the road and said "Dummies can't talk!"
"This dummy can talk and stop the car and listen to what I have to say?"
"You stupid fool you about got us both killed!" 
"I'm going to be the reason your career is going to be a success and when we're on stage together, I will tell you what to do. Got it stupid!" said the dummy in an angry voice.
"Yes, I got it," Ted said in a nervous voice.
Ted's career took off just like the dummy said it would. Their act was in every major venue, but the dummy had more than just laughs on his mind and one of those things was murder.
Ted had a girlfriend he was serious about and the dummy didn't like that one bit. 
One night while Ted was eating his dinner the dummy said "Hey stupid!"
"I wish you would stop calling me stupid that really bothers me," replied Ted as his hands were shaking trying to take a bite out of his sandwich.
"I call you stupid because you look pathetic and you have the brains of a jackass," exclaimed the dummy in an angry voice.
"If you don't stop calling me stupid I'm going to...." said Ted crying.
"You're going to do what?" asked the dummy.
"You'll see!" shouted Ted.
"Shut your damn mouth and do as I say and we'll get along just fine. Here's what I want you to do? I want you to get rid of your girlfriend," demanded the dummy.
"I can't do that, I love her and want to marry her," exclaimed Ted.
"Listen here stupid if you don't get rid of this blonde bimbo, I will," laughed the dummy.
"You wouldn't," said Ted nervously.
The dummy laughed and said "Watch me!” 
Ted said in an angry voice "Ok, I'll do it!” 
Ted did as the dummy asked, but Ted chickened out at the last minute.
The dummy found out the next morning that Ted chickened out because Ted's girlfriend called his house looking for him to meet her for breakfast at Jack's diner.
The dummy never answers the phone, but felt compelled to this time because he just knew Ted would chicken out. The dummy said "Ted overslept and wanted to know if you would like to come over to his house and have breakfast with him."
Ted's girlfriend said "Who are you?"
"I'm a good friend of Ted's and stopped by his house to look at his car because it wouldn't start. Come on over he's really sorry for not showing up and would like to make it up to you," said the dummy.
As the dummy was putting the phone down on the receiver Ted asked "Who were you talking too?"
"You're girlfriend and she is coming over for breakfast," laughed the dummy.
"Just to make sure you don't spoil my plan I put some sleeping pills in your coffee," chuckled the dummy.
Ted's vision was getting blurry and he tried to get his hands on the dummy, but fell to the floor and passed out. Then someone knocked on his door.
The dummy said “Come in,” as he sat beside Ted with a butcher's knife behind his back.
Ted's girlfriend entered and said “Ted are you ok?” but she got no response, so she rushed over to see if he was ok. She tried to wake him, but the dummy put enough sleeping pills in his coffee to keep him down for several hours.
As she was crying and holding Ted the dummy stood up and grabbed the butcher's knife from behind his back and came up from behind and stabbed her several times as her screams echoed throughout the house. The dummy decided Ted was no longer of use to him so he stabbed Ted to death and placed the butcher's knife in Ted's hand to make it look like a murder suicide.
The dummy said "So long lovers," as he laughed and got back in his box.
Ted's friend Bob heard the news of his friends passing and was sad that Ted had a short lived career, but was happy Ted did get to see his dream come true as a ventriloquist.
Ted's house was put up for sale and when the new occupants got settled in, they stumbled upon the killer dummy in the attic who was ready and waiting for the next poor soul to take him out of the box and unleash the evil once again that this killer dummy possesses.




Living with the Dead
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Henry loved his family so much he just couldn't bear to put them in the cold ground when they died knowing that would be the last time he would ever get to see and feel their warm embrace. 
Henry never told his wife Jane his true feelings about if her or their kids passed on what would happen to them, so he kept his secret bottled up inside.
Years passed and one by one Henry's three children and wife died under mysterious circumstances. Being that it was so long ago there was no such thing as DNA testing or great medical advances that would put Henry under suspicion. 
The period I'm talking about is the 15th century. Henry and his family lived in a Castle with over a thousand acres. If any tragedy were to happen at Henry's Castle it would take at least a week before a practicing physician could arrive by way of horse and carriage. It was evident that Henry was getting sicker and sicker as the days wore on, and he had no intentions of being the first to go and not see his dream come true. So, Henry decided he better act fast. Henry felt since his body was telling him he may not be around much longer he would prepare a meal and put arsenic in his family’s food then he would be able to fulfill his sick fantasy.
Finally, the moment had arrived and as Henry was preparing his wife and three children's last meal he added some special seasoning as in arsenic. Henry came out of the kitchen whistling and placed each family member's plate of death on the table and watched as each one ate the tasty meal of death that Henry so lovingly prepared for them all. About five minutes into their meal Henry's wife and children started gasping for breath, and they all turned towards Henry and asked “What did you put into our food?” Then their heads hit their plates and they were all dead.
Henry got up from the table and said "I just wanted to see you all for the last time before I joined you."
But Henry was a coward so putting arsenic in his food wasn't going to happen, so he sat his wife and three children up straight in their chairs and cleaned the food off of their faces and told his dead family he would be going into town to get more food and would be back shortly.
When Henry arrived with the food a friend of his wife was devastated at what she saw, and just as she ran towards the door to go get help Henry opened the door and dropped his food, then chased her through his Castle. Henry grabbed a butchers knife from the kitchen and didn't want her to get out alive to let his secret out. The neighbor’s screams echoed throughout the Castle. Henry finally caught up with her and grabbed her by the back of her hair and said "Nobody is going to destroy my family!" The woman screamed and screamed, but Henry knew if she were to escape, his dream would be shattered, so with one slit to her throat she was dead. Then Henry picked up her dead body in his arms as blood was spewing out of her jugular vein, and took her back down the steps to join the rest of his dead family at the dinner table.
As Henry sat his neighbor in the chair he said "Now stop bleeding all over the place my wife doesn't like to clean up someone else’s mess."
At this point Henry couldn't distinguish fantasy from reality and anyone that knocked upon Henry's Castle door it would be their last. Henry would let the person enter only to be killed and placed in an empty chair at the dinner table to join his family and the rest of the poor souls that entered Henry's Castle.  
Henry was a killing machine and he said "There's no stopping Henry the Killer."
Henry thought he was bullet proof, but Henry was running out of places inside his castle so he started hanging any new kills over the walls of the castle with a rope around their necks.
Finally, one day when Henry was hanging a dead body over the ledge of his castle he lost his balance and fell over the wall and hit head first on the ground ending his killing days forever.
Legend has it that some onlookers walking the grounds of Henry's castle have seen an apparition falling from the castle walls at the very spot Henry fell to his death. Others have claimed to hear screams and moans coming from inside the castle walls.
If you happen to be visiting Henry's castle you might hear a scream or two or even see Henry's ghost falling over the castle walls.

Medusa Rises from the Dead
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition



Karen had this idea that she would invite some of her friends over, and spend the night at the old forgotten desecrated cemetery in the woods a mile down the country road from her house. The cemetery dates back to the seventeen hundreds with many of the tombstones broken, and a sacrificial altar with blood stains on it where many unwilling participants took their last breath. Karen had no idea something evil was left behind at the cemetery that has been lying in dormant for centuries. Karen phoned her friends Pam and Cathy to invite them over for a fun night at the cemetery for telling some ghost stories around a fire with lots of drinking. The girls thought it was a cool idea Karen came up with, especially the drinking part. Karen picked out the night, so the forecast would be just right to set the mood for a spooky night at the graveyard.
The night finally arrived it was midnight and the girls piled into Karen's car with the music pounding. Karen said "Anyone ready for a beer?" They all said, "Hell yeah!"
As the beers were passed around, the girls rolled their windows down, and stuck their heads out of the car windows screaming, and gulping down their beers as the cool wind blew against their faces. 
Pam said, "I think I see the cemetery up ahead."
The wind was picking up as the thunder rolled in and lightning lit up the sky. The girls were getting pretty drunk, but didn't care about the thunder, and lightning all they thought about was getting drunk, and telling ghost stories around a fire. Karen parked outside the cemetery, and the girls grabbed the case of beer out of the trunk, and opened the rusty gate, then entered with excited on their faces making their way to the altar to set up camp for the night.
Cathy said, "Man this place sure is creepy!"
Pam chimed in and said, "Look girls, this must be the altar it still got blood stains on it. Those poor people must have suffered greatly, and thinking about it sends shivers up, and down my spine."
"We barely made it inside the cemetery and you're already scared," laughed Karen.
"No I'm not!" replied Pam.
Cathy came up behind Pam and said, "Boo!" Pam just about jumped out of her pants and screamed.
Cathy laughed and said, "Be quiet you might wake the dead."
"Ha! Ha! Real, funny replied, Pam.
"Settle down you two, let’s gather some firewood and get this party started," exclaimed Karen.
The girls forgot to bring a tent, but were smart enough to bring their sleeping bags along. As the fire was blazing and the girls were drinking their beer, and telling ghost stories in a drunken state of mind. Cathy said, "Look! Beside the altar it looks like a book."
Cathy got up to get a closer look to see if there really was a book lying on the ground next to the altar. Sure enough her hunch was right. Cathy picked up the book, and brought it back to the fire, and dusted off the dirt in case there was any writing on the cover. Cathy tried to make out the writing on the cover, but all she could see was, "The Book of the De.."
She laughed, and decided to open the book, and see if there was anything worth reading. Pam and Karen were giggling, and talking about some boy when all of a sudden Cathy said, "Wait a minute, listen to what this says? It says how to bring someone back from the dead. I know just the person, remember the story you told me about Medusa who could turn people to stone Karen?"
"Yes," replied Karen.
"Let's see if we can bring her back, "said Cathy.
"Medusa, why her?" asked Pam.
"I don't know, maybe it's because everyone either asks for "Bloody Mary'" or a dead relative etc., but I've never heard of bringing Medusa back from the dead," explained Cathy.
Karen chimed in and said, "Go ahead Cathy bring her back from the dead," laughed Karen. Cathy said the magic words, but after five minutes, and no medusa, she threw the book at the altar, and downed a few more beers with her friends, and said, "I think you guys are right about laughing at the idea of bringing someone back from the dead. Once they’re a stiff always a stiff."
"Let’s tell a few more ghost stories while were roasting marshmallows over this fire before we're too drunk to tell anymore," said Pam.
Then a few minutes later Karen passed out drunk. Pam and Cathy said, "It doesn't take much for Karen to get drunk." 
Then all of a sudden, a fog was rising behind the altar, and Pam said, "What's that smoke over there?"
"It's just smoke from the fire stupid," laughed Cathy.
"No! Really, it's more than just smoke, something is glowing in the smoke," exclaimed Pam in a nervous voice.
"Go check it out or are you too scared!" said Cathy.
"Yes! I'm too scared," replied Pam.
"Stay here chicken, I'll check it out," laughed Cathy.
Cathy staggered over to the altar with a beer in her hand, and said, "Come out, come out wherever you are?"
"See there is nothing," said Cathy as she gulped down her beer, and tossed her empty beer can at the smoke.
Cathy turned to go back to the fire then all of a sudden the smoke cleared, and Medusa's head appeared, and said, "Who has summoned me from the dead?"
Cathy screamed, but it was too late to run for cover. She made the mistake of gazing upon Medusa's face and turned to stone. Pam shook Karen as she was screaming, but Karen was passed out for good. Pam ran to the car to escape Medusa, but Medusa wasn't about to let her escape. Pam was able to make it inside the car, but Medusa's head appeared in the front passenger seat of the car. Pam screamed, and screamed again trying to get the keys in the ignition, but she was shaking too violently, and the keys hit the floor board. 
Medusa said, "Look at me!"
Pam screamed, "No!"
Medusa's power was too strong for Pam to ignore. She closed her eyes tight, and prayed for Medusa to spare her life, but her eyes opened wide, and she screamed, then she turned to stone. Medusa's head floated back inside the cemetery and made its way back to the fire where Karen was passed out. Karen finally woke from her drunken state, and as her eyes opened Medusa's head was inches from her face. Medusa said, "The dead isn't always dead as you think they are," Medusa laughed. Karen didn't have time to react and escape the Hell that was unleashed, so she turned to stone just like her two friends did.
Lesson to be learned if you open the book of the dead and think it's all a joke. Think again, this book is as serious as a heart attack and should be left alone unless you're not afraid of the dead.


Night Visitors (Alien Abduction)
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Sam and Brenda Matthews were old and eccentric that lived deep in the farm hills of West Haven. They didn't watch much TV or believe that there was life outside of our universe that may come to pay the earth a visit. All that was about to change when Sam and Brenda were returning home from vacation on a beautiful nightly lit sky with a full moon shining down on the road. As Brenda was gazing at the moon and stars a beam of light shown down on the Matthews car, blinding them both which caused their vehicle to drive off the road. Then all of a sudden the Matthews vanished from their vehicle. The Matthews were returned to their vehicle which only felt like a minute to them both, but in reality they were missing for three hours. The Matthews had no recollection of what just happened, but Brenda remembered her watch said ten pm. Her watch now said one am. 
Brenda said "Sam, I know my watch said ten pm not one am."
"Are you sure?" asked Sam.
"Yes! I'm sure," replied Brenda.
They both looked at each other in amazement, but just thought it was because of the long drive and they were both tired, so Sam just drove on. It wasn't long before the Matthews were having nightmares of being abducted by aliens and being experimented on. A friend of the Matthews suggested they both go under hypnosis to find out if it was all just a dream. While they both were under hypnosis both had similar recollections of what happened that night. Brenda told the hypnotherapist, "I watched as two grey aliens put a probe inside my husband’s body as he was screaming out in excruciating pain and calling my name, but there was nothing I could do about it. I couldn't move my body even if I wanted too. Tears just ran down the sides of my cheeks and I screamed out at the aliens saying what are you doing to my husband? The aliens just glanced over for a moment and then proceeded with their experiment with no feeling at all. I did notice a small metal object being put inside my husband’s arm and that's all I recall. Apparently, I blacked out then found myself back in the car with Sam at the wheel driving us home."
The hypnotherapist said "When I count to three you will wake up."
"One, Two, Three," counted the hypnotherapist.
Brenda snapped out of her hypnosis and said "What did you find out?"
"I'll let you know after I put your husband under hypnosis. If you don't mind stepping inside the next room there is a TV and magazines to keep you entertained for the next hour. I will come and get you when we're through with his session and then I will discuss my findings with you and your husband."
"Ok," replied Brenda.
Brenda went into the next room and sat down and waited patiently as her husband’s session started. 
After Sam's session was over the hypnotist told Sam he would get his wife and discuss his findings with them both. While Sam was under hypnosis Sam started shouting out "Leave her alone! Then Sam mumbled why did you have to do that?"
Sam wasn't quite sure what the aliens were doing to his wife, but he kind of felt like he knew.
The hypnotherapist said "Sam, I'm going to count to three and you will wake from your sleep.
"One, Two, Three!" said the hypnotherapist.
Sam awoke and then the hypnotherapist went to go get Sam's wife so he could discuss his findings with them. The Hypnotherapist brought Brenda back into the room with her husband and she sat down next to her husband holding his hand and nervous about what the hypnotherapist was about to tell them both. The hypnotherapist sat right in front of Sam and Brenda and said "What you both have witnessed is something that I can't explain or have all the answers for, but I will tell you this, from what I have gathered there is no reason to doubt what you both experienced that night was fabricated.  Both of your stories were similar, but I hope you're ready for what I'm about to tell you?"
"Go ahead doctor tell us we're all adults. I'm sure we can handle anything you throw our way," replied Sam.
"Ok! Here goes," said the hypnotherapist.
"While you both were under hypnosis, I noticed some kind of an implant in your arms, and sure enough each one of you had something underneath the skin."
"The most compelling thing is I think your wife may have been impregnated by one of the aliens, but because of what she told me under hypnosis, there may not be any truth to it. If I were you I would just keep a close eye on her, and if anything strange goes on let me know and I will do my best to help you both get through this tough situation or at least point you in the right direction," said the hypnotherapist. Sam and Brenda just laughed at the idea an alien got her pregnant.
"Thank you for shedding some light on these nightmares and we'll keep you posted if our conditions change," said Sam.
Sam and his wife left the hypnotherapists office and drove home laughing at each other aloud thinking they just wasted their money and the therapist was just a quack.
As months passed, Brenda started getting really sick and it was apparent maybe what the therapist said had some truth to it. Sam told his wife he thought it might be a good idea to see a doctor and see what was going on that made her so sick. After careful examination and an ultrasound the doctor said she was pregnant. Sam and his wife were bewildered because of their age and his wife getting pregnant at seventy years of age is pretty rare, but none the less she was pregnant and according to the doctor she only has three months left and whatever was in her belly was coming out and the Matthews weren't going to be excited when they gazed upon what was being removed from her belly.
Finally, three months had arrived and it was time for Brenda to deliver her baby. Sam helped his wife into the car and sped off down the road to the hospital to deliver their baby. Brenda was screaming the whole way to the hospital. Sam tried to calm his wife down, but it was no use the contractions were just too unbearable for her. Sam arrived just in time to the emergency room at the hospital because this baby was ready to come out with or without the doctor's help. Doctors and nurses rushed out with a wheel chair to their car to wheel her into the labor and delivery room. Just as a nurse was helping Brenda out of the wheel chair the babies foot tore right through her stomach exposing the babies foot into the foreign world it was about to be born in. The nurse screamed for help and just as Brenda was put on the operating table the whole room was so bright none of the doctors and nurses could see in front of their hands. Then the room went black for a moment and everything was back to normal. Two grey aliens appeared out of nowhere and said "We are here to take what is ours."
One of the grey aliens pointed a device in the air and a flash of light blinded everyone in the room for a few seconds then the aliens with their baby vanished into thin air and everyone in the operating room had no recollection of what just happened. When the doctor's questioned Brenda what she was doing on their operating table she said "I don't know."
The doctor's checked her over and couldn't find any reason for her to be there so they let her go. Sam helped his wife back into their car and drove home bewildered at what just took place. 
From this day forward the Matthews lived out the rest of their lives until their deaths about twenty years later without any more dreams about aliens or anymore abductions from aliens. Their abduction from the grey aliens died with them.




No More Mr. Nice Guy
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition
Author: Drac Von Stoller


Henry Bates had a very reclusive life, until one day the constant nagging from his wife made him snap, and things started dying. All Henry wanted was to enjoy his retirement like any normal hard working man, but his wife had other plans and retirement wasn't one of those.
One day when Henry was relaxing by the fire, his wife Marjorie came up to him and said "Henry, I thought I told you to take out the trash, sweep the floor and clean out the attic. This isn't a hotel and just because you have retired I'm not going to watch you lay around while things need to be done."
Marjorie went on and on for hours as Henry would get up from his recliner and do as she commanded, but as Henry tried to please his wife, the nagging still persisted. 
Henry said "That's it!" 
"That's what?" asked Marjorie.
Henry shouted, "You'll see!” 
"Henry, get back here this instant," yelled Marjorie.
Henry went into the garage and grabbed a shovel. As Marjorie was pointing her finger and calling him names, Henry swung the shovel, hitting her upside the head and Marjorie hit the floor. Henry knew if she got up off the floor she would have him arrested for assault and battery and attempted murder, so Henry said to himself, "What am I going to do?" as he was pacing back and forth in the kitchen. Henry decided to finish her off. So Henry gave Marjorie another hard whack upside the head. Then he knelt down to feel her pulse, but there was none. Henry said "I'm glad I finally stood up to that battle axe and put her in her place." Henry picked up his dead wife’s body and placed her in a chair in the attic and locked the door behind him. Henry was whistling as he was walking down the stairs back to his recliner to take a nap, as the warm fire calmed his nerves.
As the night wore on Henry started hallucinating about his wife coming down from the attic and doing him in. Henry's blurry eyes opened and visions of his wife with a shovel in her hands coming at him ready to do him in. Henry immediately broke out in a cold sweat and jumped out of the recliner and ran up the stairs to see if his dead wife was in the attic slumped over in the chair. Sure enough Marjorie's dead body was slumped over in the chair and Henry started laughing and said "It was just a dream."
Henry kissed his wife on the forehead and told her he would come back and check on her later and bring her something to eat. Henry told Marjorie that killing her was the best thing for their marriage. 
Then he said "Marjorie, this way we can be together forever and you won't have to nag at me about anything anymore. Should anyone try to take you away from me, they will be sorry."
Henry exited the attic closing the door behind him forgetting to lock it in case any curious visitors should stop by because of the stench coming from inside his house. Even though Henry hated his wife's nagging, he still loved her very much.  As the days wore on the terrifying dreams of his wife coming at him with a shovel only got worse and Henry could not distinguish between fantasy and reality. Henry wasn't getting much sleep and he was drinking excessively, trying wash away the death of his wife, but it was no use. Henry was a doomed man.
Then a knock at the door put Henry in panic mode because if he let anyone in his house the stench would cause them to run out of his house and cause the police to pay him a visit and Henry didn't want that to happen. Henry thought to himself, “Who would take care of his dead wife in the attic?” So Henry had to think fast and come up with a plan, and being that Henry wasn't a smart man, the only thing that came to his mind would be to silence anyone that entered his home. Henry told the person at the door to wait just a minute and Henry went to the basement rummaging through his tool box and came across a hammer. Henry grabbed the hammer from the tool box and put it in the back of his pants and proceeded up the stairs to greet whoever was at his front door. Henry cautiously approached the front door ready to let in the doomed person.
Henry opened the door and said "Aunt Claire, what brings you here?"
"Henry, I was hoping I could stay at your place for a couple days before I head back home," asked Claire.
Henry said "Sure thing."
Claire entered and Henry closed the door behind her and took her suitcase and coat then showed her where she would be staying the next few days.
Claire said "Henry, what's that smell?"
"Oh, it's probably a dead rat in the attic. I'll take care of that real soon," exclaimed Henry.
Thanks! I would greatly appreciate it," said Claire as she covered her nose entering her room.
"Henry, "Where's Marjorie?"
"She's out of town visiting some relatives and won't be back for a couple of weeks," explained Henry.
"Well, Henry, I've had a long drive and would like to turn in for the night, said Aunt Claire, as she yawned.
Henry said "I'll see you in the morning."
Henry went to his recliner and fell asleep shortly after watching is favorite TV Show Unsolved Mysteries.
About an hour later, Claire couldn't sleep because of the foul odor from the attic. Claire got out of bed and put her robe on to investigate the smell coming from the attic. Claire was about to get the shock of her life and should have left well enough alone, but Claire couldn't ignore the smell. The closer Claire got to the attic the more overwhelming the smell became. Henry woke from his sleep and noticed Aunt Claire’s door was ajar and decided to check on her. Henry flicked on the light switch in her room, but no sign of Claire. Then Henry ran to the attic and just as Henry entered the attic Claire was screaming. Henry realized he still had the hammer in the back of his pants.
Claire said "What did you do to Marjorie?"
Henry replied "You shouldn't have come up here. Now I'm going to have to kill you."
Claire started screaming as the claw end of the hammer Henry was holding in his hand, came down splitting her skull. Henry didn't want his Aunt Claire to suffer so he gave her a couple more whacks. The last whack Henry gave Aunt Claire with the hammer it got stuck in her skull, so he just left the hammer where he struck her. Henry picked up his Aunt Claire's bloody body and placed her next to his wife’s body in a chair and said "Look, darling, I brought you someone to keep you company, Aunt Claire. I think you two will have a lot to talk about. Well, I've got to go to the hardware store and get a new hammer. I won't be long. Is there anything I can get you both?"
As Henry drove off to the hardware store his next door neighbor wanted to find out what the screaming was all about. Henry just realized he had Claire's blood all over his shirt and turned his car around and headed back home to change his shirt. The nosy neighbor should have reported the screaming to the police, but instead decided to take it upon herself to make sure it wasn't just the television set. The neighbor called out to Henry, but there was no answer, and the neighbor said to herself, "What's that smell? I think it's coming from the attic."
As Henry pulled in front of his house, he noticed the front door was wide open. Henry knew he had to act fast, so he went inside the garage to get his shovel. Just as Henry grabbed his shovel, he heard screaming coming from inside his house. Henry bolted through the door that leads from the garage to inside his house and the neighbor ran down from the attic stairs and just she reached the bottom step, Henry swung the shovel hitting her in the head. Henry swung the shovel so hard he halfway severed her head.
Henry said "Why in the hell did you do that? Now look what happened."
Henry picked up his neighbors body off the stairs and brought her upstairs to the attic to join his wife and Aunt Claire.
Henry said "I wish everyone would leave me alone." 
Henry changed his shirt and got back in his car and decided this time he was going to buy a gun and shoot anyone that entered his home. As nightfall came, the nightmares were back again, as Henry was resting in his recliner. Every person Henry killed haunted him. He slept with his gun loaded by his side. The next morning, paranoid Henry jumped out of his recliner because of a knock on his door.
Henry opened the door and said "Leave me alone! I'm trying to get some sleep.”  
Before the person had a chance to say anything Henry immediately shot the person at the door, only to find out it was just the mailman. Henry dragged his body inside his house to join the rest of the dead in the attic. After Henry placed the postman’s body next to the other bodies, he said "I think it's time for a drink." Henry got back in his car and drove to the liquor store to pick up a case of Jack Daniels to celebrate the killings. As Henry entered the liquor store, he pulled up his pants and said to the cashier "Man, life is good and if you don't mind I'm kind of in a hurry to get back home and celebrate with my friends."
"What would you like sir?" asked the cashier.
Henry answered with a big smile on his face, "I would like a case of Jack Daniels Black Label."
The cashier said "Sure thing."
Henry paid the cashier with money he stole out of his dead victim’s pockets.
Henry told the cashier, "Have a nice day."
Then he sped off down the road with the driver side window down and reached in the case of liquor and pulled out a bottle of Jack Daniels, unscrewed the top and took a big gulp. Henry honked his horn as he was speeding down the road to his house while swigging down his whiskey. As Henry pulled into his driveway it started raining and lightning. He pulled his car in the garage and grabbed the case of liquor, went into the kitchen to get some glasses for his dead friends in the attic. Henry was excited as he was walking up the stairs to the attic. He flung open the attic door in a drunken state and placed glasses in their hands and poured each one a drink. Henry raised his bottle of Jack Daniels in the air and toasted to his dead friends then said goodbye to them and went downstairs to his recliner and passed out.
As the clock struck midnight, Henry's party days were about to come to a screeching halt because his dead friends were about to pay him a visit and this visit would not be a friendly one. Marjorie, Claire, the postman and the neighbor rose up off of their chairs and headed down the stairs calling Henry's name, saying they were coming to get him. Henry thought it was the same dream he had been having all along, so he just brushed it off as just another bad dream and fell back to sleep, but the voices were getting louder and louder chanting, "Henry we're going to kill you!"
Finally, it was Henry's day to die and like any killer most don't want to die, but that's too bad they should have thought about it before they killed. Henry didn't stand a chance. All the dead wanted was to tear into his flesh like a bunch of wild animals. The dead gave it to him good first with a shovel to the head along with a bullet and a hammer to the chest as Henry begged for his life. Then, if that wasn't enough, they were hungry and finished him off by eating his brain and flesh.
When morning arrived, a neighbor couldn't shake off the noises coming from Henry's house, so he called the police. When the police opened Henry's front door they could barely stomach the stench and as they entered the living room where Henry's recliner was, they were thrown back at the gruesome scene. There were four bodies lying next to Henry, and Henry was a bloody mess with his brain missing and chunks of flesh missing from his body like wild animal's had attacked him, but they would never find out what really happened to Henry. So the secret died along with Henry.


No Trespassing!
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Delbert Thompson lived all by himself on a farm deep in the country and never bothered anyone until a group of teen’s car broke down about a half mile down the road from Delbert’s farm. The teens were only looking to use Delbert’s phone to get help, but Delbert was in no mood for company, so the teens picked the wrong door to knock on for help. Delbert was sitting in his rocking chair on his front porch whittling a piece of wood when he stopped what he was doing and noticed a group of people headed his way.
Delbert said "They're not going to get my money.” Delbert ran inside his house and got his rifle out of his gun cabinet and sat back down in his rocking chair ready to kill anyone that tried to get his money. Delbert was really paranoid about his money under his mattress. He never believed in keeping his money in the bank. The teens made their way to the steps of his house and one of the teens Dan asked if they could use his phone to get a tow truck for their broken down vehicle.
Delbert replied, "You aint coming in my house and taking my money, can't you read the sign "No Trespassing!"
Dan asked "Come on let us use your phone?"
Delbert rose up out of his rocking chair and pointed his rifle at Dan's chest and said "Get off my property!!"
"Listen dude we mean no harm," exclaimed Dan.
Then Delbert said "I warned you all," and opened fire killing Dan instantly.
The other teenagers started running for their lives, but Delbert was a good shot and never missed. Delbert was able to take down the other two teens with a single shot to the head. If only the teenager’s car would have broken down somewhere else they may still be alive. Delbert was psychotic and didn't want anyone on his property. He had no problem pulling trigger and killing anyone of fear they would kill him and take all his money. Delbert took the three teens bodies inside his house and dismembered their bodies only to be eaten by Delbert. The only part Delbert didn't care to eat was their heads so he took their severed heads to his bedroom and put them on the four posts of his bed. Delbert lifted up his mattress and got a handful of cash and went over to each severed head on the four posts of his bed as he was waving the cash in front of their heads and said "I told you all you aint getting my money."
Delbert decided to lie down for a while, but wanted some flesh to chew on so he went to the freezer and pulled out a severed arm and cut out a piece of flesh and placed the flesh in a skillet. After the flesh was cooked to his liking he went over to the cabinet and opened a bottle of whiskey took a swig and started chewing on the flesh. Delbert started talking to the severed heads about how tasty their flesh was. Delbert went over to his bed and turned the severed heads facing him so he could talk to them. Delbert staggered back and forth next to his bed talking out loud which was all gibberish then he fell face first on his bed and passed out.
About an hour later Delbert was startled by a knock on the door causing him to go in panic mode once again. This time it was the Sheriff, Delbert didn't even ask who was at the door, he grabbed his shotgun and shot through his front door killing the Sheriff instantly. Delbert swung open his front door and the Sheriff was lying on his back on Delbert's porch in a pool a blood dead. Delbert grabbed both of the Sheriff's ankles and drug him inside and slammed the door and said "Why did you have to do that?  Now you're going to join those stupid teenagers who tried to steal my money." Delbert went to the kitchen and got a butchers knife out of the drawer and proceeded to chop the Sheriff's head off and place his head on the last post on his bed.
Delbert was really enjoying killing humans and was ready for the next poor soul to knock his door, but Delbert was too impatient to wait for a knock on the door so he decided to sit on his rocking chair on his porch with a rifle. Anyone that drove in front of his house would be shot on site. Delbert placed a strip of spikes on the road so any vehicle traveling in front of his house their tires would blow and Delbert would pick them off with his rifle and have a fire pit burning to throw their dead bodies covered with barbeque sauce in for a tasty meal.
Word started getting around town about strange things going on at Delbert’s farm. One witness that barely made it out alive said he seen Delbert drinking whiskey and eating what looked to be an arm while rocking in his rocking chair on his porch. Finally, the frightened eye witness called the police to investigate the strange goings on at Delbert’s farm. It's a shame this witness didn't come forward a little sooner because Delbert's sick twisted mind killing rampage went on for another six months and the police would have their work cut out for them.
When the police arrived this time to Delbert's farm there was quite a gun battle, but Delbert didn't stand a chance from all the fire power the police had. Delbert was filled with many holes which brought down his reign of terror. Any motorist driving by would be safe now thanks to the eyewitness coming forward and the police taking swift action. 

Possessed
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition



Molly`s parent`s had all they could take from their daughter screaming in the night and saying to them that they were coming to get her soul. When Molly`s parent`s came to check on her every night, she became more violent and would curse and spit on them and her voice was that of a demons. Molly`s father Jack decided it might be a good idea to call a priest to see if she was possessed.
Jack got in touch with Father Ryan who`s church is about a mile from where they live.
Jack`s voice was really shook up, he could barely get the words out because it was his daughter who he loved so dearly, and felt hopeless to save her from what was possessing her body. As Jack was discussing his daughters problem to Father Ryan over the phone he reassured Jack he has seen this kind of behavior before and would do everything in his power to rid his daughter from the evilness she was possessing inside her body.
Father Ryan said "Let me get my things together that I will need to perform an exorcism and I will be over shortly."
"Thank you so much," replied Jack.
Father Ryan knew time was at hand and there was no time to waste because the possession described by Jack over the phone would be enough to kill Jack's daughter before the night set in. He grabbed his bible, holy water and placed them in his bag, then got in his car and sped down the road to Jack's house ready to rid the girl of her evil demons. He pulled into Jack`s driveway and gathered his things and knocked on Jack`s front door.
Jack opened the door and said "Please hurry! She is speaking a different language and throwing up some green vomit and levitating off the bed."
Father Ryan and Jack cautiously entered her bedroom.
Molly said "Welcome Father Ryan come over and give me a big kiss." Then spit a red bloody substance at his body and said "I know you want to stick your tongue in my mouth." (Molly said all this in a demonic voice)
Father Ryan opened his bible and started reading verses and throwing holy water on her.
This just upset the demon inside of her. Then Molly`s feet touched the floor and ran towards Father Ryan pushing him to the floor on his back and started licking his face saying "I know you like it."
Father Ryan did his best to keep his composure, but this demon was out for blood.
holy water helped somewhat along with reading verses from the bible, but this demon was too strong and put both hands on the priest`s head then with a quick twist his head was severed from his body. The demon held his head in the air and let out a demonic laugh and said "Did you really think bringing a priest would stop me from destroying this girl’s body!! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Then the demon possessed Molly threw the head at her Father.
Jack`s wife Brenda started screaming and said "Please don`t hurt my daughter, take me instead," begged Brenda.
The demon said "Shut your damn mouth this body is mine because she is a virgin and nothing you say or do will change things."
Brenda dropped to her knees sobbing saying "She is our only child and has done nothing wrong to deserve this."
The demon replied "Ok! I`ve heard enough of your whining."
Molly`s possessed body walked to her mother and in Molly`s own voice said "Goodbye mommy." Then the demon took back possession of her body and placed both thumbs on each eye and pressed them in as far as they could go as she screamed bloody murder. Jack tried to fight off the demon, but the demon threw Jack against the wall so hard he fell unconscious. Molly tried to get enough energy to stop the demon from losing what was left of her soul, but it was no use. 
Then there was loud banging on the front door because Brenda`s blood curdling screams could be heard by her next door neighbors so the police was called out to investigate. The police got no response so they kicked in the door and as the demon was about to finish off Jack they entered the bedroom and told Molly to freeze as her cold demon hands were about to twist Jack`s head off of his shoulders. Again the police repeated "Freeze or we`ll shoot."
There was no response from Molly so the police opened fire killing her instantly.
Jack was all alone and lost the two most precious people he held dear to his heart. 
Jack was taken to the hospital for observation, but shortly after his release from the hospital Jack was lying in his bed drinking beer after beer and crying. He felt he just couldn't go on any longer without his wife and daughter so he pulled a revolver from the night stand and blew out his brains.
Sometimes when evil is at your heels no matter how hard you try to detour it, it just happens anyway leaving behind broken hearts that will never mend no matter how hard you try to block out the tragedy that unfolded right before your eyes.


Screams Down Long Hollow Pike Road
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


There's this old dirt road they say is the road to Hell, where many brave souls have ventured down after midnight, only to find once you've traveled to a certain point it turns into devils fork and there's no turning back.
The road I'm talking about is Long Hollow Pike Road. This road dates back to the mid seventeen hundreds when a family that dealt in the occult conjured up something evil that didn't want to be disturbed. From that day forward Long Hollow Pike Road has been cursed.
They say that after midnight when you stop and turn your car off and put it in neutral at devils fork, your car will start rolling up the hill and that's when the screaming starts. So far this is only legend that was told by an old man named Tom Watson that claimed to have chickened out, and just as he put his car in park he got out of his car and hid by a tree about twenty feet from his car watching his car roll up the hill. Tom claimed to have seen apparitions pushing his car up the hill and could hear screams echo in the wind. He said he thought these apparitions were the ghosts of many brave souls that were eager to find out if the legend of Long Hollow Pike Road was really real true or not.
So if you’re in to legends, drive down Long Hollow Pike Road after midnight and you might find yourself screaming and end up like these apparitions did dead and spending eternity behind many cars, pushing their vehicle up Long Hollow Pike Road, keeping the legend alive.


666
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition



Evil was about to fall upon the Delany estate that Mike and Samantha could never have imagined. It was Halloween and Samantha`s contractions were unbearable so her husband rushed his pregnant wife to the hospital to deliver their new bundle of joy. 
Mike told the doctor and nurse to take great care of his wife. The doctor and nurse reassured Mike they would take very good care of her and not to worry. Mike waited patiently in the waiting room as the doctor and nurse delivered their beautiful baby. After a few hours the baby finally arrived and the doctor entered the waiting room and told Mike to come in the room and see his new baby.
Mike entered and his wife was all smiles and said "Honey, it`s a boy!"
"I think he looks like a Johnny. What do you think?" asked his wife.
"Johnny sounds fine to me," replied Mike.
Mike was so excited and held his baby boy in his arms as tears rolled down his cheeks and said "Darling, I think he likes me."
Mike stayed the night in his wife's room with their new baby, but as they slept an unforeseen force came in their room that was about to change their lives forever, when they both woke in the morning. Morning came, and Samantha was discharged from the hospital, and time for their new baby to be raised in their new home. It wasn't until after little Johnny turned 6 years of age that things around the Delany Estate turned deadly. The first sign that Johnny had the mark of the beast was June 6. It was the 6th month, 6th day, and Johnny was 6. All the numbers represented 666.
Johnny's mother would be his first kill, as a demonic voice told him his mother was cooking in the kitchen and that she must die. Johnny entered the kitchen as she was cooking dinner for the family while the maid was doing their laundry. Johnny stared at a pan of grease on the stove as the demonic voice told him his mind could control any object, and make it do whatever he willed it to do. So the pan of grease fell to the floor causing his mother to scream out as the hot grease splattered all over her body. Then she lost her balance, and accidentally grabbed the butcher’s knife by the blade she was using to chop vegetables. The butcher’s knife put a big gash in her hand, and as she was lying on the floor bleeding, Johnny just stared at her as she pleaded with him to call for help. Instead, Johnny's evil will kicked in once more, and made the butcher’s knife release from her hand, and stab her through her heart killing her instantly. The maid servant dropped the basket of clothes when she heard screaming and rushed in to see what the commotion was all about. When her eyes gazed upon Johnny`s mother lying in a pool of blood with a knife in her chest, she screamed, and put her arms around little Johnny unbeknownst to her that he was his own mother's killer.
She asked Johnny what happened, and he cried, and said "I don't know?"
The maid servant phoned the police and Johnny`s father. Johnny's father got in his car all shook up over the death of his beautiful wife and hurried back home to see what the police found out. Johnny's father burst through the front door of his house as a white sheet was being placed over his dead wife's body. Johnny rushed over to his father in tears asking his father what happened to his mommy, even though little Johnny knew all along what really happened. After the police questioned the maid servant and Johnny, they were both cleared of any wrong doing. Samantha's death was ruled as accidental.
Shortly after Johnny's mother's death he started having dreams that seemed to be real from an evil force that told him he was the son of the Devil, and not to fear the word of the Devil. The next morning as the maid servant was through cleaning one of the upstairs rooms, she stood at the top of the stairs glancing over the top rail. There stood below, Johnny staring at her with blazing red eyes. The maid was fixated on his red eyes that she could not move. Then a demonic voice whispered in Johnny's ear that said "Johnny, tell her to stand on top of the rail and jump. Then tell her to spread her arms apart so she can fly like a bird." The maid did as Johnny asked, and jumped off the rail with her arms spread like an eagle, and fell to her death.
Later that evening, Johnny's father arrived home from a business trip, and got the shock of his life when he entered the door of his mansion. There lie on the floor in a pool of blood was his maid dead. He ran upstairs to ask his son what happened. 
Johnny replied "She climbed on top of the rail and said "Look Johnny, I can fly." Then she hit the floor in front of me, and I shook her and told her to get up, but she didn't move."
That's ok Johnny. I think the passing of your mother did her in and that's why she is no longer with us," explained Johnny's father.
Johnny's father started having dreams of Johnny coming in his bedroom while he was asleep trying to kill him with a knife, but he would wake up before the blade penetrated his chest.
One night while Johnny was sleeping, his father came to check on him before he turned in for the night, and noticed something that looked like numbers between his ear lobe, and decided to take a closer look with a flashlight. He couldn't believe what he saw. The numbers 666 were branded on his skin. He decided to call a priest and see if he should be concerned about this.
Johnny's father went to bed for the night and in the morning he phoned the priest to see what his thoughts were on the numbers branded behind his son’s ear was all about. The priest replied "I do believe you should have a lot to be concerned about. Those three numbers represent the mark of the beast and your son is possessed by the Devil. I will come over, and bless your house, and perform an exorcism on your son if needed."
"Thank you father, I will wait your arrival," replied Mike.
Right as the priest set off to bless Mike's house, Johnny appeared in the back seat of his car and said "Hey! Priest going somewhere?"
The priest swerved off the road and almost hit a tree.
Then Johnny said "I think it's getting hot in here."
Johnny started laughing in a demonic voice as car was engulfed in flames. The priest's car was burned beyond recognition along with the priest inside the car. Johnny's father went upstairs to tell Johnny that a priest was coming over to bless their house. When he opened his bedroom door Johnny was playing quietly with his toys. Johnny's father just smiled, and shut his door, and went downstairs to wait on the priest, but hours passed and no sign of the priest. Mike tried phoning the priest at the church to see if he just forgot, but another priest answered and said his car had been found in a ditch burned beyond recognition.
Mike said "He was on the way to my house to bless it because I found some numbers branded behind my son's ear that he said I should be concerned about."
The priest replied "What were those numbers?"
"The numbers were 666, the mark of the beast is what he said they stood for," exclaimed Mike.
"Now, don't be upset with what I'm going to tell you, but I think your son caused the priest's death. The demon inside of him was the cause not your son. Whatever you do, don't tell your son that I am coming over. I will help you rid your son of this demon inside of him,” explained the priest.
"Ok priest, I give you my word,” replied Mike.
They both hanged up their phones, and the priest got in his car, and headed to Mike's estate to confront the demon inside of Mike's son. When the priest entered Mike's home he knew right off there was something evil lurking inside the home and that he might have a battle on his hands that he couldn't win. He entered with caution opening his bible, and reading scripture, and entering each room blessing the rooms with holy water. Then a burst of wind blew open the door as he was reading scripture. He could barely hear the words he was speaking. Then he noticed Johnny was standing in the entry way of the room with blazing red eyes. Then all of a sudden the priest flew across the room with great force, and hit the wall, and fell dead. Mike ran over to the priest to try and revive him, but he was unresponsive. Mike knew then his son had the mark of the beast and would ultimately lose the battle with the Devil to get back his son. Being a loving father that he was, he would give it his all even if it cost him his life. With two priests, a wife, and a maid dead, he knew in his heart that the Devil wants his son's soul at any cost.
Mike did his best to stand up against the Devil by reading scripture from the blood stained pages of the dead priest's bible, but all Mike heard was laughter from the Devil. Johnny approached his father as his father was on his knees pleading with the Devil to let his son go. Johnny touched his father's forehead and said "It's time to die Daddy." Johnny squeezed his father's head with both hands shattering his skull causing sudden death.
Then the Devil said "Johnny it's time to come home where you belong."
Then the entrance to the doorway was engulfed in flames and the Devil said "Johnny step into the flames and join me in Hell.” Johnny stepped into the flames never to be heard or seen from again.
The Delany Estate burnt to the ground along with the Hell it once possessed.
The Babysitter and the Man Upstairs
Author: Drac Von Stoller 
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Jamie was thumbing through the newspaper in search of a weekend job for the summer. She was sixteen years old and needed the extra money to help save for textbooks when she starts college in the fall. She tossed the newspaper on the floor frustrated with no results. Then one of the newspaper pages flipped over to the last page of the classifieds and there it was in small print, "babysitter needed for the summer." She said, "How did I miss this, maybe, I passed over it because it didn't say weekends only."
Jamie called the number, and a middle-aged woman answered, and said, "May I help you?"
"Yes, you can. I am interested in a babysitting job, but wasn't sure if this was an everyday thing or just weekends only," asked Jamie.
"I'm sorry, but I meant to put weekends only, but I was in a hurry," explained the woman.
"If you're looking to babysit every day, I apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused you," said the woman.
"No, this is exactly what I wanted. When can I start?" asked Jamie.
"Well, can you start next weekend around five pm?" said the woman.
"That sounds perfect! I'll see you then," replied Jamie.
Jamie hung up the phone and was excited about having a job. That would ease her mind about how she was going to be able to pay for her textbooks.
The week passed by like a rocket, and it was Saturday, and Jamie showed up to her babysitting job right on time. Jamie knocked on the woman’s front door, and the woman opened the door, and said "You must be Jamie, so nice to see you." The woman introduced her children to Jamie and told her she would be back by six pm Sunday night. The woman said bye to Jamie, and her kids, then got in her car, and drove to her business trip.
Jamie played some games with the children then the phone rang. Jamie picked up the phone and said, "Who's there?" all she heard was heavy breathing, and she hung up the phone, and went back to playing games with the children. Jamie checked her watch and said "Oh my! It's eight pm, how time flies when you're having fun. Well children it's time for bed."
Jamie escorted the children upstairs to the bedroom that they shared together. She read them a story then a few minutes later the children fell fast asleep. Jamie got out of bed with them and turned the light out, then went downstairs to watch TV before going to sleep. As Jamie was eating popcorn and watching a movie called Halloween it started storming outside. Scary movies really scare the willies out of her, but she still liked watching them anyway. Then the phone started ringing, and she picked it up, and said, Hello!"
Then an eerie voice said, "Have you checked on the children lately."
She said, "Who is this?"
Then the caller hung up the phone.
Jamie just thought it was someone calling random numbers and playing a prank. Jamie just kept on watching the scary movie. Then the phone rang again, and she picked it up, and said, "Hello!"
This time the caller was persistent on her checking on the children upstairs. Jamie was starting to get really nervous, so she put her popcorn down on the coffee table, and headed upstairs to check on the children, and when she opened their bedroom door, and turned on the light, she screamed bloody murder. The children were hacked to death with an axe and the man said," I told you to check on the children didn't I."
Jamie screamed and ran out of the bedroom to call the police, but the axe wielding man wasn't about to let her reach the phone. He ran downstairs as she was screaming then as she put her hand on the receiver the axe split her skull wide open. Poor Jamie lay on the floor dead in a pool of blood. The man pulled the axe out of her head, and started giving her the axe until she was chopped into a million pieces. As he was giving her the axe he said "I thought I told you to check on the children and you didn't so now you're all dead because of it."
The axe wielding man laughed an eerie laugh, and took his bloody axe with him and slipped out into the stormy night leaving a bloody mess behind for the police to clean up. When the owner arrived home by six pm on Sunday she got the shock of her life. The two most important people in her life were upstairs axed to death and the babysitter that was supposed to keep them safe while she was gone on her business trip for the weekend was also axed to death. 
If the babysitter would have only did what the man upstairs told her to do maybe her and children would still be alive. I guess we’ll never know what if in this tragic story.



The Cards of Death
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Summer finally arrived and Jim Edwards and his friends Dan, Bob and Steve, all decided they would take a ride cross country on a 19th century train that was refurbished to attract tourists and show what it was like to travel on a train from that era. Jim wanted to celebrate their retirement together on a piece of history that has been forgotten.
Jim called Dan and told him to make sure Bob and Steve were at his house by three pm., because the train leaves out at four pm. The weather was beautiful outside, perfect for a train ride. Jim got out his suitcase and packed his belongings and loaded his suitcase in his trunk and drove to Dan's house to pick up his buddies, who were waiting his arrival. Jim pulled in Dan's driveway and honked his horn to let his buddies know he was outside waiting on them. Dan, Bob and Steve brought out their suitcases and loaded them into Jim's trunk and got in the car and drove to the train station for a fun filled week of gazing at the beautiful scenery as the train travels through the mountains of many states along the way. Little did these friends know that their retirement trip on the train would send them into a world of the unknown.
Finally, Jim and his friends arrived at the train station fifteen minutes before the train's departure, so they had enough time to check in their luggage and board the train.
Jim said "Is everyone ready for a great experience?"
Everyone said "Yes!"
Jim and his friends boarded the train and the train blew its whistle then slowly picked up speed down the railway through the tunnel. Jim and his friends were excited to be traveling together as friends on a 19th century train. Everything was going fine, until a stranger entered their coach seating compartment and put his carryon bag above Jim and Dan and said "I hope you all don't mind if I share your compartment because the other compartments are full."
Jim replied "I think that will be alright."
Steve chimed in and said "What is your name?"
The stranger replied as he chuckled, "Dr. Death."
Everyone started laughing and Bob asked "How did you get that name?"
"Because of these cards, as the cards spilled out onto the cabin floor." replied Dr. Death.
The men laughed and Dan stood up and got on his knees to help Dr. Death pick up his cards of death.
Dr. Death sat down on the seat and asked "Would anyone like to play?"
Steve chimed in and said "Sure, sounds like a lot of fun."
Dan said "I know what kind of cards these are. They’re Tarot cards and I've seen a fortune teller use these and I think it’s just entertainment. There is no truth to what these cards can do."
Dr. Death chuckled and said "No! You are mistaken young man. These cards are the cards of death, and if you play these cards will tell you how you will die."
Dan again replied "I'm not interested in your hocus pocus."
Bob said "I want to find out my fortune."
"Are you sure?" asked Dr. Death.
"Come on get on with it, old man!"
Dr. Death, shuffled the cards, and placed each card face up and said "Hmm, very interesting."
"What does it mean?" asked Bob nervously.
"The cards tell me you have a really bad gambling problem when it comes to poker," replied Dr. Death.
"So what!" said Bob.
Dr. Death proceeded to tell Bob that when he gets off the train and returns home he will head to the casino and gamble his life savings away and not be able to cope with such a tragic event and decide to hang himself.
Bob answered "You're out of your mind, old man. I've been gambling the better part of my life and not once have I ever lost my whole lifesavings and I'm sure not going to let that happen.  Old man, mark my words this will never happen to me in a million years!"
Dr. Death laughed and said "We shall see!"
Then Dr. Death pointed to Dan and said "How about you?"
Dan replied "Still not interested."
Steve, Bob and Jim said "It's just for fun."
Dr. Death chimed in and said "You all think this is a joke! I can assure you when each one of you steps off this train you all will be dead in a week."
Jim replied "What's my fate?"
Dr. Death started turning over each card one by one as he gazed into Jim's eyes. Dr. Death said "Jim you will be resting in your chair by the fireplace smoking and then you will pass out. Then the lit cigarette will fall out of your hand onto the chair and in minutes you will be up in flames with no one to come to your rescue."
Steve looked at Dr. Death and said "Well, Dr. Death there’s only two of us left might as well find out my fate."
Jim tried to reassure Steve that tarot cards are just for entertainment which sometimes can be taken out of context. Jim said "Steve, when we are through with this cross country train ride and plant our feet on solid ground back home, nothing is going to happen to any one of us."
Steve replied "You're right. I'm getting worked up over nothing."
Dr. Death explained to the men that these particular cards were not picked up at your local store. These cards were dug up from a grave that was buried with a demon witch that still has her blood stains on them. You can call my readings a hoax, but all Hell will break loose when your trip is over," laughed Dr. Death.
Steve said "Ok! I get your drift. Now tell me how I'm going to die?"
Dr. Death gazed into Steve's eyes and started turning each card over slowly and said "Your death will be the quickest of them all. 
When your feet hit the ground, you will be mistaken for a killer that snuck on the train back at the last train stop. When you reach in your pocket and pull out your cigarette lighter to light your cigarette, which is shaped like a thirty-eight special, a sharpshooter will have his scope pointed at your head and with one shot to the head you will be dead. Screams will be heard and people running for cover and as soon as the police get a closer look at you, they'll know you are not the killer, and it will be too late to turn back the hands of time and save you from your fate."
"Dr. Death, that was some kind of story," said Steve.
"This is no story, I can assure you," replied Dr. Death.
Dr. Death then turned towards Dan and gazed into his eyes and said "Looks like you’re the last one."
Dan said "Whatever, go ahead with your hocus pocus."
Dr. Death proceeded turning the cards over and said "This is a good one. Have you ever heard of spontaneous human combustion?"
"Yes! I have. What's that got to do with me?"
"As you arrive home from the long train ride, and witnessed the tragic death of your friends, you will lie down on your bed and you will fall into a deep sleep. Then after a couple of days of not showing up to work, the police will be called to check on you and when they get no answer, the police will be forced to break into your home, only to discover that all that's left of you when they enter your bedroom, is a pile of ash on your bed," said Dr. Death.
Dr. Death said "Well, gentlemen, looks like the train ride is over," as he was laughing then pulled a wig and mask off, and laughed.  Then said I'm not really Dr. Death. I'm the Demon Witch in the grave where these cards were buried with my dead body, but some nice person said the incantation on my gravestone and now I'm here to bring death to you all. (an eerie Ha! Ha! Ha!)
Dan, Steve, Jim and Bob got out of their seats and ran off the train and just as the Demon Witch predicted Steve stepped off the train because he was nervous about the Demon Witch’s prediction he reached into his pocket pulling out the pistol shaped cigarette lighter and then all of a sudden the sound of gun fire rang out followed by screams and Steve was shot in the head and fell dead.
After Steve was buried, Bob started to believe that the Demon Witches prediction was true. Bob couldn't get his friend Steve's death out of his mind, so he started drinking heavily and gambling his life savings away as the Demon Witch predicted he would. After Bob was thrown out of the casino for being sloppy drunk and threatening to kill everyone, he got up off of the sidewalk, got in his car and drove back home. Bob was at the end of his rope, so he hung himself just as the Demon Witch pictured.
The next morning Dan and Jim heard the news that Bob had hung himself.
After hearing the news that he lost another dear friend, Jim started pacing back and forth in front of the fire place. He was sweating profusely and knew that a cigarette would calm his nerves so he sat down in his chair and lit his cigarette then moments later drifted off into a deep sleep. After a couple of days of not showing up to work, the police were called to investigate and discovered a pile of ashes in his chair just as the Demon Witch said it would happen.  Jim was found with just one arm and two legs and the rest of his body was burned beyond recognition in his bed.
Lesson to be learned if a stranger pulls out a deck of cards with skulls on them and says I can predict how you will die it just might be a good idea not to play, unless knowing that what this stranger tells you might just come true doesn't bother you!
The Gallows on Hell Hill Island
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Hell Hill Island is what I would call a place of beauty and a place of death. Any visitor or resident that stepped out of line were sure to find themselves, swinging from the Gallows on Hell Hill Island. 
Hell Hill Island was founded in 1863 by Marshall Sam Tucker that didn't believe in a fair trial because of his short fuse. If you back talked the Marshall he would shoot you in both legs, then drag your wounded body with a rope he held as he rode his horse up to the Gallows to be hung high and when the Marshall was through watching the dead body swing back and forth on the Gallows he would set their body on fire and light his cigar from the flames off their body. 
Marshall Sam Tucker would leave the charred body hanging from the Gallows and ride his horse back to town to bring the residents to see the aftermath and let them know this is how they would end up if they stepped out of line.
Of course we all know there is someone in the crowd who would not learn a lesson from what Marshall Sam Tucker had to say. That one person was Jimmy Bellows and Jimmy decided to play a little prank on Marshall Sam Tucker.
Jimmy and a friend went up to the Gallows of Hell Hill Island and the plan was for Jimmy to be hanging from the Gallows with the noose around his neck and when Marshall Sam Tucker got ready to set his body on fire Jimmy would free himself from the noose and start laughing at the Marshall. Then Jimmy and his friend would run back to town to make a laughing stock of the Marshall, but Jimmy would play a trick on the wrong person that would prove fatal to Jimmy and his friend.
As the Marshall was squirting kerosene on his body Jimmy started laughing, but before Jimmy could free himself from the noose the Marshall said "Who do you think you're dealing with son? I think you and your friend should hang side by side as I watch both of your body’s burn."
Jimmy was crying and calling out to his friend to help him, but his friend decided to make a run for it and as Jimmy's friend was running the Marshall pointed his 30/30 Winchester at his back and down went his friend. Jimmy was losing consciousness and the Marshall dragged Jimmy's friend to the Gallows and put the noose around his neck and pulled the rope high and with a couple jerking motions Jimmy's friend was dead. Jimmy let loose of his grip and jerked a few times and was dead.
The Marshall set both of the boy’s bodies on fire and lit his cigar and said "Stupid boys, now I've got to go back to town and hopefully everyone will know I mean business."
The Marshall swung open the saloon doors and everyone got real quite then Marshall Sam Tucker said "Listen up everyone there are a couple bodies hanging from the Gallows that thought I was just joking about hanging anyone that got out of line. Hopefully, when you all see these poor boys bodies hanging from the Gallows you'll know this is no joke.
The townspeople followed the Marshall to the Gallows, and the look on everyone’s face was that of how could you kill two innocent young boys. The townspeople overpowered the Marshall and took his own gun from him and shot him in both legs and arms then strung him up high on the Gallows on Hell Hill Island then set his body on fire as his flesh was burnt to the bone.
Legend has it that in the wee hours of the night you can see the dead bodies of the Marshall and the two young boys hanging from the Gallows on fire. Another is that people from the town passing by the Gallows after midnight has been chased by the Marshall trying to bring them back to the Gallows to be hanged.
So if you’re in the mood to take a chance to get a glimpse of the Marshall and anyone that has been hung from the Gallows on Hell Hill Island come and stay at Hell Hill Island and maybe just maybe you too can get the willy’s scared out of you like so many brave souls that were lucky enough to see these poor burning souls that have never been laid to rest.
The Place Where There Were No Graves
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Dan Edwards was getting sick and tired of everybody dying around him and having to attend so many funerals. One night while he was lying in bed watching TV and daydreaming. He said aloud "I wish there was a place where there were no graves." So, he immediately got out of bed, and sat down at the computer, and searched for hours then just as he was about to give up he got lucky. There was a small island barely on the map that never buried their dead. Dan just had to find out for himself if this was too good to be true, so he got on the next flight the next morning.
Dan boarded the plane, put on his headphones, and listened to Drac Von Stoller's audio books on the way to his destination. The plane finally landed after thirteen hours, Dan removed his headphones and looked out the window in the plane and said "Wow! This island is beautiful. I can't wait to get off this plane, and meet these wonderful people, and ask them why there are no graves anywhere on the island. 
Dan stepped off the plane and was greeted by a tour guide so he wouldn't be lost and have to find things on his own. Dan boarded a bus for his tour of the island. The tour was very interesting and helpful, but Dan still wanted to know what happens when their loved one dies. Dan tapped the tour guide on the shoulder and said "Could I ask you a question."
"Sure!" replied the tour guide.
"If someone dies what happens to their body?" 
Then all of a sudden the bus swerved avoiding a collision with an animal crossing the buses path. 
Dan lost his train of thought so the tour guide didn't get to answer his question. The bus pulled into the Hotel where Dan would be staying the remainder of the week, until he decided one way or another, if he would remain on the island for the rest of his life. Before Dan got off the bus to get his luggage the tour guide said "Sir, be ready for dinner at 6:00pm. The bus will arrive at that time for a complimentary meal, as we do for all our guests that stay on our island. Don't forget to be out front of the hotel at 6:00pm sharp?" explained the tour guide.
"Don't worry, I wouldn't miss this free dinner for the world," replied Dan.
Dan gathered his luggage off the bus, and headed to his room to take a shower. Then after his shower he sat out on the balcony to feel the warm wind hit his face, and catch a few rays of sun light before the sun went down. Six pm arrived before he knew it as he dozed off in the chair. If he wouldn't have woke up when he did he might have missed his free meal, and been upset at himself, but he made it in seconds flat, and out of breath as he sat down in his seat on the tour bus.
The tour bus driver said "I see you made it on time Dan," in an eerie voice and laughed.
Dan said "How do you know my name? I never said my name and you never asked me either."
"Dan, we know everybody's name on this island," laughed the tour guide.
Dan asked the tour guide to take him back to his hotel. The tour guide just ignored him and drove faster to where Dan would be getting his meal to die for. Dan's love for the island grew weary and was ready to get on the next plane off this island, but the islanders had other plans for this tourist and leaving the island alive wasn't one of those.
Finally, after a terrifying bus ride and a change in the tour guides friendliness, the bus pulled into the entrance of a mansion. The tour guide said "I hope you're hungry because this will be the best meal you've ever had in your life."
Dan replied "We'll see about that!"
Unbeknownst to him the tour guide was a voodoo witch doctor.
As Dan and the voodoo witch doctor sat down at the dinner table Dan's drink was laced with  a paralyzing drug to keep him from trying to escape the horror that was about to begin. As Dan was drinking from his cup, the meal to die for was placed on the table, and Dan said "What's underneath that silver top?"
"You'll see!" laughed the voodoo witch doctor.
The silver top was raised off the plate, and Dan spit out his drink, and said "What in the Hell is going on here?"
"You were so eager to come to this island and want to know why we don't bury our dead it's because we believe that nothing should go to waste not even the dead," laughed the voodoo witch doctor. The voodoo witch doctor got up from his seat, and the waiter handed him a sword, and he came up behind Dan and said "Well Dan seeing that you know our little secret you're going to have to die."
Dan tried to move, but whatever the voodoo witch doctor put in his drink paralyzed his body. The voodoo witch doctor laughed and swung the sword cutting Dan's head clean off his shoulders.
Dan finally got his wish to find a place where they never have graves, but the reason cost him his head.


The Portal to Hell
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


The day finally arrived that Ted Jackson and his wife Betty and his two children Bobby and Susan have been waiting for years. Ted's Uncle Jack just passed away and Ted was the only living relative in the Will to receive Uncle Jack's farm. Ted and his family's new home would only unleash the portal to Hell that should have never been opened, but curious minds don't work that way, they just have to see if there is good or evil hidden inside. Ted and his family packed all their belongings, got in their rental truck and headed to their new home to Hell with smiles on their faces. As they were driving down the highway, the music was playing and Ted reached for his wife’s hand and said "Honey, I just can't believe this day has finally come. It's hard to believe that we were lucky enough to receive such a wonderful gift. We were so close to losing our home and this great opportunity came our way. It's as though my Uncle foreseen this event and didn't want us to lose everything, so he passed way sooner than anyone expected."
"I know your Uncle thinks the world of you and it was a blessing to him.  I'm sure to be able to do this for you because if any of the other relatives were around and you weren't, he probably would have just left his farm to the state," replied Betty.
"Dad, are we there yet?" asked Bobby.
"No, son, but only a few more hours and we'll be there before dark," exclaimed his father.
Susan just sat back with headphones on enjoying the music to pass the time by as her father drove down the highway to their destination. Betty read a book aloud to Bobby to take his mind off of the long trip so he would quit asking, are we there yet.
Finally, Ted pulled into the gravel road leading to his Uncle's farm, and said "Bobby! You can stop asking if we're there yet," but Bobby had fallen asleep about an hour into his mother's reading. Susan nudged Bobby and told him to wake up and get out of the car. Bobby yawned and rubbed his eyes and looked out the passenger side window, but instead of being overjoyed he felt as though there was something not right.
Susan said "Come on, Bobby get out so we can explore this place and maybe we'll find some hidden treasure on the property that had been buried long ago."
Bobby said "Ok! I'm coming."
As Betty and Ted were gathering the luggage from the trunk of the car, Susan and Bobby took off running through the vast farmland in search of treasure, but all they'll stumble upon is something they wished they never found. It was a beautiful day for Bobby and Susan to go exploring.
Bobby said "Look! Susan!
Susan came running over to see what her brother had found.
Susan asked "What is it!!
Bobby replied, "It looks like a Well, but there's a piece of wood covering the Well and it looks like there is some kind of writing on it. 
Bobby dusted off the dirt and Susan and Bobby tried to make out what was written on the wood, but the writing was in a different language. They did recognize the face etched on the wood. It was the face of the Devil.
Bobby said "Let's look and see what's underneath this piece of wood covering up this Well."
Susan said in a nervous voice, "Bobby, I don't think that's such a good idea. Why don't we get Mom and Dad and we all can look together."
Bobby said "Are you chicken!"
Susan replied, "No! I'm not."
"Ok, then, let's see what's underneath this piece of wood. Just don't stand there. Help me get this piece of wood off of here," asked Bobby.
As Bobby and Susan were removing the wood faint screams and moans were coming from the hole in the earth.
Bobby said "Susan, quit making noises."
Susan replied, "I'm not making noises. I think it's coming from the Well."
"Maybe it's an animal," laughed Bobby.
Just as they pushed the piece of wood off the hole the voices got louder and echoed throughout the hole in the ground saying "Let us out!"
Bobby and Susan took off as fast as they could, running back to the farm to tell their parents. When Susan and Bobby reached their parents inside the farm, they were out of breath and could hardly get the words out of their mouths.
Bobby's father said "What's the matter?"
Bobby and Susan said at the same time, "There's something in the Well." as they were both gasping for air.
Bobby's father said "If this is some kind of joke you both are in a lot of trouble."
"This is no joke!" exclaimed Susan.
Bobby and Susan's parent's followed them both to the hole in the ground. When they got there, they all got the shock of their lives. A Demon head with horns was peering out of the hole with blood dripping from its mouth and said "Welcome to Hell," and the Demon let out a roar that deafened their ears and echoed throughout the farm and frightened the Hell out of them all. Bobby, Susan and his parent's ran for their lives. They didn't even go back inside the farm house to get their belongings. They all piled into the car and sped off down the dirt road back to their hometown to never return back to this evil place. When they arrived to the town they left behind, Ted called the local authorities to report what they all witnessed, but the police thought they were all loony and told them to go back home. Ted decided to take things into his own hands and call some local paranormal investigators to see if what scared the Hell out of their family was not a prank.
Finally, after a couple days, Ted was able to bring the paranormal investigators to his farm to get to the bottom of things. The investigators consisted of John, Jack and Steve. As the paranormal investigators approached the hole with caution, and their ghost detector equipment ready to find some paranormal activity resonating from the hole, the Demon with horns slowly rose out of the hole. But this time he brought along some more demon's to take these paranormal investigators to Hell with them.
John said "Look everyone I think we have some company and they don't look very friendly."
The Demon that rose from the hole in the ground said in an eerie voice "I think my friends would like for you all to join us in Hell!" Ha! Ha! Ha!
The paranormal investigators and Ted took off running for their lives, but the Demons were hot on their trail as the thunder and lightning was intense. Just as the paranormal investigators and Ted were opening their car doors, they were surrounded by the four Demons ready to take these guys to Hell. The four Demons escorted the paranormal investigators and Ted back to the hole in the ground. Ted was begging the Demon's to let him go because he had a family that was worried about him.
The head Demon said in an eerie voice, "You should have thought about that when you opened the "Portal to Hell!" (Ha! Ha! Ha, Laughed, the Demon.)
Then the four Demons picked the men up as they were screaming and begging for their lives and threw them into the "Portal to Hell."
Ted's wife was getting really worried after Ted didn't show up the next day with the paranormal investigators.  Betty called the police and a car was dispatched, but after further investigation where the hole was said to be, was gone. After Betty found out from the police that they couldn't find a trace of the men on the property just their vehicles, they were all reported missing.  Bobby told his mom he wanted to show her and the police where the hole he and his sister found the Demon with horns coming out of what they thought was just a Well. When the police arrived at the farm with Betty, Bobby and Susan and Bobby showed his mother and police the exact spot where the hole was, it was gone, even the piece of wood that was on top of the hole was missing. As the police, Bobby, Susan and his mother were leaving in tears in the squad car, the hole reappeared and the Demon with the horns rose out of the hole laughing and said "Ha! Ha! Ha! You stupid fools, next time you come back you are welcome to enter the "Portal to Hell!" Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!








The Vanishing Hitchhiker
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


"I still remember the day as though it just happened today," said Bill Withers.
"I was traveling down Old Hatchet Trail road after midnight when this beautiful woman with golden long blonde hair was standing all alone on the side of the road. It was starting to rain and I just couldn't leave her there in the black of night. I just couldn't, so I stopped my car beside her and rolled down the front passenger window and said "Please get in out of the rain and I'll take you home."
The beautiful woman stepped inside his car and Bill was happy to help her out, but this woman he was giving a ride too wouldn't be around long enough for him to give her much comfort.
The reason being is that this woman has been dead for over fifty years because she was murdered with a hatchet by her jealous husband on the road Bill was traveling on. Since then the townspeople just called the road Old Hatchet Trail road. Bill heard of the legend of the vanishing hitchhiker, but how could this beautiful woman be a ghost. Bill was about to find out a hundred yards away from where he picked up this hitchhiker that the cemetery he was about to pass is where she was laid to rest so long ago. Bill and the woman talked a short bit about the rain, but before Bill had a chance to ask her why she was all alone on this dark deserted road, she vanished. Bill slammed on his brakes and jumped out of the car to see if she jumped out, but her door was locked because Bill locked his doors when she got in his car. He looked frantically around in the rain with the cars headlights shining bright. Bill dropped to his knees in front of his car as the rain was pouring down his head and body he called out to her and just realized he didn't even know her name. Bill got up off of his knees and got a flashlight out of his car to check out the area in hopes maybe she fell in the ditch, but there was no sign of her at all. Bill eventually gave up after an hour in the pouring rain and drove to the nearest gas station to phone for help.
Bill ran in the gas station dripping wet asking the gas station attendant for help and the gas station attendant replied, "Calm down sir, it's going to be alright."
"What do you mean calm down, there's a woman out there that needs our help." exclaimed Bill.
The attendant laughed.
Bill replied in a stern voice, "Why are you laughing?"
"I'm laughing because the woman you are talking about has been dead for over fifty years. Before you get upset, did this woman wear a white dress and have long beautiful blonde hair?"
Bill said "Yes! That's right! Mister, you're not the first or the last person that has come running in my gas station frantically trying to get me to help save this woman. The best thing for you to do is head straight home and tell your friends that you got to see an urban legend come true."
Bill replied, "Are you sure this was a ghost that I picked up on old hatchet trail road?"
"Yes, I'm dead sure. Let me ask you two questions, as you were traveling down the road did you notice a cemetery on the right side of the road? And as you were passing the cemetery, did you happen to glance over and notice she was no longer sitting in the front passenger seat?"
"Yes and Yes!! Oh my God she really was a ghost," said Bill.
Bill said "Sorry to have bothered you."
"Don't worry about it. I'm just glad you stopped by here first so you could clear your head of what really happened back there," exclaimed the gas station attendant.
Bill said goodbye to the attendant and got in his car and headed home to his family to tell the story to his children how he seen a real urban legend unfold right before his eyes.
Voodoo Doll
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


Dr. Phillips was an archaeologist that had a hunger for finding the big one. Meaning a dig that would put him in history books, but Dr. Phillips wasn't a very patient man and if anyone got in his way of finding something worth celebrating they were a dead man.
One night while Dr. Phillips was reading his newspaper and smoking his pipe he came across an interesting article that said there was a dig deep in the jungles of Africa, but no one has been able to recover the artifacts only to die trying.
Being that Dr. Phillips ego and temper was so big he wasn't afraid of anything, knowing that if he were to bring ancient artifacts back to the U.S., he would get his wish of being famous and in history books. 
So, Dr. Phillips chartered a plane and brought two of his closest colleagues along with him, Dr. Reeves and Dr. Smith. Dr. Phillips only brought his colleges along in case they were to discover the artifacts first only to be shot in the back and left in the jungle for the wild animals to have a feast on. Dr. Phillips and his colleagues arrived late afternoon at the dig site just to survey the area before the dig in the morning. Dr. Phillips could hardly sleep that night knowing in the morning the dig would begin and hopefully not take a week to find the ancient artifacts that would bring fame and fortune his way. Dr. Phillips paced back and forth outside the tent and decided to load his pistol and make sure he had enough ammo on him to stop anyone that got in his way.
Morning finally arrived and Dr. Reeves and Dr. Smith shared a pot of coffee on their portable stove outside their tent with Dr. Phillips before starting their dig.
Dr. Reeves said "Dr. Phillips do you really think we'll find anything worth bringing back to the states?"
Dr. Phillips replied, "I didn't come all this way for a weekend getaway and spend thousands of dollars for just the heck of it. You better believe we're not coming back home empty handed."
Dr. Smith chimed in and said "I've known Dr. Phillips many years and I've never known him to play around when it comes to something as serious as this."
"Ok, Dr. Reeves and Dr. Smith are we ready to make history?"
They said "You bet we are!"
The three Doctors set off into the jungle to start the dig.
Dr. Reeves asked "Who is that man over there?"
Dr. Phillips replied he's probably trying to steal the ancient artifacts out of that cave."
"What are we going to do?" exclaimed Dr. Smith.
"I tell you what we're going to do. I'm going to tell him to get off this property because I paid a lot of money securing this site," said an angry Dr. Phillips.
Dr. Phillips approached the man who was wearing a head dress and said "Excuse me sir! But you're going to have to leave because my colleagues and I have a lot of work to do, and I don't need anyone snooping around or disturbing this dig site. I'm only going to ask you nicely one time, if you don't leave this moment, I will be forced to shoot you and let the wild animals dispose of your body."
"The old man replied "I'm not going anywhere, you and your friends are the ones who will have to leave because this is my ancestors sacred ground not yours."
Dr. Phillips pulled out his gun out of his holster and pointed the gun at the old man’s head and said "I'll give you two seconds to leave if you don't you're a dead man."
The old man laughed and pulled out a doll that looked exactly like Dr. Phillips and took out a needle then poked it in the side of the dolls neck and Dr. Phillips dropped to the ground. The old man was really a witch doctor, twisted the dolls head off its shoulders. Dr. Phillips head rolled off his shoulders as Dr. Reeves and Dr. Smith stood in fear as the Witch Doctor pulled out two more Voodoo Dolls and put needles into their heads. The two doctors tried to run, but the witch doctor twisted the dolls heads off and the doctor's heads fell off their shoulders as their bodies dropped to the ground.
The Witch Doctor just laughed and built a fire then tossed the Voodoo Dolls into the fire and watched the three doctor's body’s burn to ashes.
Dr. Phillips ego and anger only got him and his two colleagues a death sentence.
Back in the states after a few weeks and no sign of the three doctors boarding their chartered plane they were presumed to be missing in the jungles of Africa.
A search was conducted, but turned up nothing or any leads to their whereabouts.
Dr. Phillips bit off more than he could chew by not listening to the old man that unbeknownst to him was a Voodoo Witch Doctor. If he only knew in advance that a Voodoo Witch Doctor’s ancestors were buried at the dig site maybe Dr. Phillips would have found another dig site, but that probably wouldn’t have stopped this egotistical doctor from going ahead with the expedition anyway.

When Death Comes Knockin
Author: Drac Von Stoller
Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition


We all know if you hear a knock on your door you're supposed to ask who it is or look through your peephole before you turn the doorknob to let who or whatever it is inside. Somehow the people in a little town called Spiritsville were in for an evil surprise.
Tom and Cathy Matthewson never got along with anyone in the town because their beliefs were not of what the town stood for. Tom and Cathy always dressed in black head to toe while everyone else wore expensive clothing and lived the Spiritsville life to a tee. Tom and Cathy could barely hold down a job because of being put down by their fellow employees.
Tom said "Cathy you know I'm really sick and tired of being ridiculed by the way we dress, and being accused of witchcraft. I think it's time we make these townspeople pay for what they've done to us. What do you think?"
"I feel the same way. Every time, I go to the hairdresser everyone stares at me and whispers to each other. Every now and then someone comes by and makes a derogatory remark about my looks. You know something I'm sick of it too," replied Cathy in an angry voice.
Tom and Cathy had acquired the book of the dead from a friend of the occult many years ago, but just placed the book in the night stand in their bedroom and never felt the need to read it until now.
Tom said to Cathy, "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
"You betcha," answered Cathy excitedly.
Tom went over to the nightstand and pulled the book of the dead from the drawer and blew off the dust from the cover and said "Let’s get this party started and see if there is something in this book that can turn Spiritsville into Hellsville overnight."
Cathy chimed in and said "Tom let me pick out the evil spell?"
"Go ahead be my guest, but make it a good one," exclaimed Tom.
"Don't worry!" replied Cathy.
"Tom, I know the perfect spell. Come look?" asked Cathy.
"This one says how to change into their loved one that has passed on," read Cathy.
"Wow! That's a good one. We can cover more ground this way if we both transform into their dead relative. That way they will open their doors and when we enter and kill them the police will see that it wasn't forced entry and will think someone in their own home killed them instead of an intruder," explained Tom.
"Well let's get on with it, I'm ready to raise some Hell in this little town," exclaimed Tom.
Cathy and Tom knocked on every one of their neighbor’s doors and transformed into a relative that had passed long ago. 
Shock and then screams echoed throughout the little town of Spiritsville after their dead relative transformed back into Tom or Cathy as their throats were slit.
The little town of Spiritsville would never be the same, so if you ever travel to this little ghost town you might hear a scream or two, or Tom and Cathy's ghost might come up from behind you and slit your throat.





