A Beautiful Soul

Chapter 1
  “I don’t want to move to Indiana,” shouted Shelly.  “It’s not fair! This is the worst birthday I have ever had “she said, as tears rolled down her face.  
Michelle Patricia Collins, known to family and friends as Shelly had just turned 11 that day and her parents informed her that they were moving to Harrison, Indiana.  Shelly’s mother was a manager at a Wal-Mart store in Santa Barbara, California.  She had been promoted to Vice President of Human Resources for the entire Midwest Region for Wal-Mart.  The job meant more money and stock options, but more important, it was a big step up on the corporate ladder. 
Abby Collins had been with Wal-Mart for 20 years and her work ethics and dedication to the company had been recognized.  Shelly’s father, John Collins raised horses, gave riding lessons and leased horses for trail rides.  He also taught piano lessons out of a small studio in their home.  When he heard Abby’s news, he was happy for her and he knew that he could move the horses to Indiana and continue teaching riding lessons as well as piano lessons in Harrison.  
  John and Abby Collins had located a house with enough land for the horses on the outskirts of Harrison.  It was June 5th, and school just ended that week.  Shelly had completed the fifth grade.  For Shelly, this news of the move was terrible.  This was the only home she had ever known.  All of her friends were here.  “How could she leave her entire life behind and start over somewhere else?” thought Shelly.  Shelly locked herself in her room and cried for more than two hours, before she came out.  “It isn’t fair!”  Shelly told her parents.  “Don’t I have a say in this?”  Her parents told her that this opportunity was too good to pass up.  
“Once we get settled into our new home, you will make some new friends,” said her mother. “I have to start my new job in two weeks, so we will be moving next weekend.  We will need your help to get everything packed,” said her mother.  
“Next weekend?” shouted Shelly loudly.  “What will I tell Elanna and April?  When will I be able to say goodbye?”  By now, Shelly was so upset, that she started crying again.  Shelly had known Elanna and April since they met in preschool eight years earlier, and had been best friends ever since.  
“Well, our flight to Indiana won’t leave until Sunday afternoon,” replied her mother, “so find out if Elanna and April can spend the night here on Saturday and you can have a going away slumber party.  Remember, that the furniture and all of our belongings will be packed, so make sure they bring sleeping bags and pillows.  We can go out for pizza and later get some ice cream.”  As Shelly talked to Elanna and April on the phone, and told them the news, it was hard for her to keep from crying.  
  All that week, as Shelly helped to pack boxes, she tried not to think about Elanna and April. Saturday afternoon came all too quickly.  When Elanna and April arrived, their mothers gave Shelly big hugs and told her that they would miss her.  Each of them had been like a mother to Shelly.  All of that afternoon and into the evening, the three girls reminisced about all of the good times they had shared over the years.  They were laughing and having a great time.  None of them wanted to talk about the move.  They were putting off saying goodbye as long as possible.  
When they went out for pizza, the girls finished off two pizzas by themselves, and drank a couple pitchers of root beer.  At one point, the girls were laughing so hard, that root beer came out of Shelly’s nose, which caused them to laugh even harder.  
As Shelly’s mother watched them, she was glad that they would have this evening as the memory of their last time together.  After going out for ice cream, they returned to the house.  
It was 9:30 p.m. when Shelly’s parents went to bed and told the girls: “You can stay up as late as you want.  Shelly can sleep on the plane tomorrow.”  The girls talked and laughed until the early morning hours, before they finally dozed off. 
  When they awoke, they had juice and doughnuts.  When April and Elanna’s mothers arrived to pick them up, it was very hard for the girls to say goodbye.  They hugged and cried, and promised to write and call as often as they could.  Elanna pulled out a wrapped gift from her overnight bag and gave it to Shelly.  
Shelly unwrapped it and found a photo album full of photos of the three of them over the past eight years.  Shelly always kidded Elanna about taking photos all of the time, but now, Shelly was glad that Elanna had taken so many pictures.  
Elanna had copied all of the photos and made the album for Shelly as a going away present. “I made this, so you won’t forget about us,” said Elanna.  
They hugged one last time and then Elanna and April, were gone. Shelly started crying as she watched the cars pull away.  Her mom pulled her close and told her. “I know it’s hard to say goodbye, but before you know it you will be making new friends in Harrison.”
On the flight to Indianapolis, Shelly wondered if she would fit in at her new school.  Shelly was small for her age, standing 4 feet 7 inches tall.  She had short brown hair, and freckles and she wore plastic framed glasses.  
Shelly was a tomboy and liked to help her father with the horses.  She loved to ride horses and had been riding since age four.  She had accumulated a large collection of ribbons and trophies that she had won in riding competitions. She had her own horse named Buttercup.  She also had a chocolate Labrador named Charlie, who was one year old.
  Shelly loved animals and she had a special relationship with them.  “It was a gift,” her father had once told her.  Shelly could play the piano quite well, as her father had been giving her lessons for more than eight years.  
Every night, she slept with a teddy bear named Rainbow Bear. She had received the bear when she was two years old and she could not bear to part with it.  
Shelly loved to listen to music, especially Christian, Jazz, Country and Classical and some soft rock.  She loved to watch old movies, especially the tearjerkers.  She loved to read books, swim, and work in the garden. 
  Shelly did not have any other family other than her parents.  Her dad’s parents were killed in a car crash when her dad was 17, and he had been an only child. Shelly’s  mom had not seen her family in more than 20 years, and whenever Shelly asked her mom  about her parents or siblings, her mom got very upset and wouldn’t talk about it.  She said that she would explain everything to Shelly when she was older.
 Shelly was lost in thought, when her mother shook her and said; “We’ll be landing in a few minutes, and then we can drive to Harrison and see our new house.” 
The furniture and their belongings would be waiting there for them.  Shelly’s father would arrive with their horses a couple of days later.
  “There was no turning back,” thought Shelly, and she decided to make the best of it.  
Chapter 2
  As they pulled up to their new house on the outskirts of Harrison, Shelly thought it looked like a mansion, compared to their old house.  Her mother explained that you could buy more land and a bigger house for your money in Indiana than you could in California.  
The house had five bedrooms, and two bathrooms upstairs. Downstairs, there were a large kitchen, dining room, living room, bathroom, laundry room, sun porch and a large room that her father would use as a music studio when he gave piano lessons. 
 Mrs. Collins would use one of the upstairs bedrooms for her office.  There was also a full basement that contained a large rec. room and a storage area.  
The house sat on 10 acres of land and besides the house, there were two large barns that been converted into stables that could hold 30 horses.  There was an enclosed pasture, as well as room for a large vegetable garden.  There were also several apple, peach and pear trees.  
  After helping to unpack for a couple of days, Shelly decided to ride Buttercup and go exploring around the property.  When she got to the fence at their end of their property, she saw a boy working in a garden on the property next to theirs.  
 The boy looked up, and when he saw Shelly, he headed toward the fence. “Are you the family that bought that house?”  The boy asked.
  “Yes,” replied Shelly. “I’m Michelle Collins, but everyone calls me Shelly.  We just moved here from California.” 
“My name’s Jesse Thompson, but I go by Jess,” said the boy. “How old are you?” he asked Shelly.  
“I just turned eleven last week,” answered Shelly. “I will be going into the 6th grade.  How old are you?” 
“I turned eleven in April and will be going into the 6th grade also,” replied Jess.  
Jess was approximately five feet tall and very lean.  If he were standing in a cornfield, he would look like a scarecrow from far away. He had brown curly hair, which was usually mussed.
Jess climbed over the fence and helped Shelly off of her horse and she tied the horse to the fence.  “You are a very good rider,” said Jess.
 “Thank you.  I have been riding for seven years,” said Shelly.
 Shelly and Jess sat under an apple tree and talked for a couple of hours.  Shelly told Jess about her old house, about California, her old school and she told him about her two best friends whom she had to say goodbye to.  She told him about her parents and about her dog Charlie.  Jess told her about the city of Harrison, Kennedy Elementary School, his golden Lab named Sampson, and about his family.
 Jess’s family had lived on the same land for more than 160 years.  The house had built more than 155 years ago by Jess’s great, great, great, great grandfather.  
Originally, there were more than a hundred acres, but over the years, the family had sold most of the land.  They still had 30 acres.  They leased 20 acres of it to local farmers.  
The Thompson family raised some alfalfa, corn and pumpkins.  They also had a vegetable garden for their own use.  They had two milk cows, some chickens and a few pigs.  
Jess’s parents were older that Shelly’s.  For many years, they had tried to have children, and were told it would not be possible.  Then, when they were in their early 40's, they were blessed with a son.  
Now, Jess’s parents were in their early 50's, while Shelly’s parents were in their mid 30’s.  Roger Thompson was a computer programmer.  In addition, he worked on their small farm, tending the animals and crops.  Nancy Thompson was a distributor for Mary Kay cosmetics.  
Jess and Shelly spent a lot of time together over the rest of the summer.  They rode horses and went swimming at a nearby pond.  It was too late in the year for Shelly’s family to put in a garden, so Shelly helped Jess with his family’s garden.  Jess taught her how to milk a cow and let her feed the pigs and collect eggs.
 As the summer ended, Shelly grew nervous about starting a new school.  When she mentioned it to Jess, he told her not to worry about it.
“I’ll introduce you to the other kids at school, and besides, you already have me for a friend,” said Jess. 
 As Jess stood there smiling at her, most of Shelly’s fears melted away.  Shelly asked her parents if she could get contact lenses, so that the kids at school would not call her four eyes.  Her mom told her “no contact lenses until high school”.  
When school started, Shelly felt like an outsider.  Most of the other kids at Kennedy Elementary, had known each other for 5-6 years or more.  The other girls in her class already had their own circle of friends.  Most of them had nicer clothes that she did.  
When Shelly asked her mom for designer jeans, Her mom told her she couldn’t see spending $100 for a pair of pants, when a $20-25 pair would do just as well.  
The one good thing about school was that Jess was in her class.  They had become good friends over the summer.  They saw something special in each other.  There was definitely an attraction between them, but not a physical one.  It was more of an attraction of minds and souls.  It was a very special friendship.  
  As the school year progressed, Shelly began to make a few more friends.  She constantly asked her parents for things that other kids had, such as cell phones, IPods, computers, etc.  Her parents wanted to keep her from obsessing about material possessions, and they turned down most of her requests.  Shelly knew that her parents loved her, but she thought they were old fashioned. 
 Jess and Shelly ate lunch together every day and they spent a lot of time studying together.  Shelly had never thought that she could be good friends with a boy, but it was true.  Jess was her best friend.  She could talk to him about anything, even when she could not talk to her parents.  Shelly knew that Jess was always honest and that he would not laugh at her, or intentionally hurt her feelings.  When Jess and Shelly were riding horses together, nothing else mattered.  They shared their dreams, their wishes, and while they were riding, their troubles vanished and they were free from worry and fear.  
  In the spring, Shelly helped her father put in a vegetable garden.  She helped to take care of it as well.  As school ended, the garden was in full bloom.  
Jess and Shelly were glad when school was over for the summer. After their chores were done, they would spend all of their free time together.  If one of them had more chores than the other, then they would help each other until all the chores were done.  They sometimes went fishing and Jess would always offer to clean Shelly’s fish for her.
 The summer flew by and soon it was time to start junior high. Shelly had lived in Harrison for over a year now, but she still exchanged letters with Elanna and April in California, though the letters were not as plentiful, since they were all getting busy with school and new friends. Shelly was determined not to forget her friends or her roots in Santa Barbara.			
Chapter 3
 On the Sunday before they started junior high, Jess and Shelly started Confirmation class.  Both families were members of St. Luke’s Evangelical Lutheran Church.  
Shelly loved the church services, as she loved learning about God and the bible.  Jess liked church but he occasionally grumbled because it sometimes cut into his sleep time.  Shelly and Jess had been looking forward to Confirmation class.  The two cool pastors of the church, Pastor Joe and Associate Pastor taught it.  They went to an early Confirmation class and then attended the church service with their parents. 
At the beginning of the first class, Pastor Joe told everyone to split up into groups of four.  Since there were 28 students, there would be seven groups.  Jess and Shelly went to be in the same group, but then Pastor Joe said that he wanted the groups made up of just boys, or girls, not mixed.  He explained that from experience, he found they paid more attention to the lessons that way.  Jess formed a group with Kevin, Pete and Jake.  Shelly formed a group with Stephanie, Rachel and Mara. 
Mara Patricia Louis had just moved to Harrison from New York a week earlier.  She did not know anyone and was a little shy.  Shelly knew how she felt and befriended her.  As it turned out, they would be in most of the same classes together. Mara and Shelly would become lifelong friends, as close as sisters.  
Confirmation classes would last for two years, and they would be confirmed in May of their 8th grade year.  There would be a couple of weekend retreats, as well as other events throughout the year. 
Shelly and Mara also joined a Girl Scout troop sponsored by their church.  Stephanie and Rachel were already members of the troop.
  The next day was Monday, the first day of 7th grade.  Shelly did not feel as nervous as she did the previous year, because everyone was new to junior high.  She stayed close to Mara, so that Mara would not feel so out of place. 
At Paterson Junior High, students were able to choose some of their classes.  Shelly picked Home Ec., taught by Mrs. Kay, and Child Care taught by Mrs. Gray.  She liked to cook and wanted to learn to make her own clothes.  She wanted to start babysitting, to earn extra money, and the Child Care class would help.  She also signed up to work on the school newspaper after school.  
  Jess signed up for Wood Shop taught by Mr. Martich and Orchestra taught by Mr. Nobles.  He wanted to learn to play the violin.  His great great-grandfather had played the violin and Jess’s parents still had his violin.  It was locked away because it was so valuable.  
Jess joined the basketball team and in the spring, he joined the track team.  He liked the basketball coach, Mr. Witt, because he let everybody play. Every morning, Jess got up extra early and would run a few miles before breakfast. 
One morning, Shelly looked out her window and saw Jess running.  She quickly put on a T-shirt, a pair of shorts and some sneakers and ran to catch up with Jess.  When she caught him, she asked, “Do you mind if I run with you?”  “It’s fine with me, if you can keep up,” said Jess.  So, from that day forward, Jess and Shelly would run together every morning.  Sometimes, they would let their dogs Charlie and Sampson run with them. 
Their lives were busier in junior high and they did not get to spend as much time together as before.  Now, they could be together as they ran.  They were still very close friends.  
On weekends, they would try to find a few hours to ride horses together.  Jess felt comfortable around Shelly and could ask her anything, or say anything to her.  When he tried to talk to other girls, he stumbled over his words and got all tongue-tied.  
Shelly liked the fact that Jess was very honest and open with her, even when it was something she didn’t want to hear.  Shelly knew that Jess’s opinion was sincere.  
Neither of them thought of their relationship as boy-girl, but as very good friends.  If one of them were sick, the other would pick up that day’s assignments so that they would not get behind.  They studied together when they could.  It was rare to see this close of a bond between two people at this age, or at any age for that matter.  
In early December, Shelly was given some news, which she was not very happy about.  She had to get braces on her teeth.  She was devastated.  She argued with her mom, but in the end, she knew she had no say in the matter.  
Shelly had still not started puberty and while some of the other girls in her class were starting to develop more curves, she was, “how did the cruel kids put it? -straight and flat as a board.”  Now, to top it off, she had to wear braces. “It had been bad enough to be called four-eyes, but now she would be a little four-eyed, metal-mouthed freak,” thought Shelly.  
A week later, they went to see Dr. Taylor, the orthodontist. The following week, Shelly came home from the orthodontist’s office wearing her braces.  She ran up to her room and slammed the door.  “I’m never coming out of my room,” she yelled.  
Later that afternoon, Jess went over to Shelly’s house to see her.  Her mom told to go on upstairs.  She told Jess “I don’t think she wants to see anyone, but you can give it a try.” 
Jess knocked on Shelly’s door.  Shelly told him to go away.  She told him she got her braces and that she looked horrible.  Jess refused to leave, and finally Shelly let him come in.  
When Jess saw Shelly, he let out a friendly chuckle.  This made Shelly furious.  “I thought you were my friend, Jess.  I didn’t expect you to make fun of me,” she said, on the verge of tears.  
Jess looked at Shelly and said, “I wasn’t laughing at you!  I was laughing, because from what you described, I expected to see wires and screws sticking out all over the place.  Shelly, your braces are hardly noticeable.  In fact, they make you look cute, especially when you smile” 
Shelly had calmed down by now and Jess continued: “I would never make fun of you Shelly, and anyone who does tease you, is not worth having as a friend” 
  Shelly knew that Jess was telling the truth.  He had cheered her up so much that before she knew what she was doing, she threw her arms around Jess, gave him a big hug, and said “thank you!”  
The hug took Jess completely by surprise and there was a moment of awkward silence.  
Jess was a little confused.  When Shelly hugged him, he felt a warm tingling sensation all over.  He had always thought of Shelly and himself as just good friends.  He did not want to ruin that by making more of their friendship than was there.  He quickly changed the subject and suggested that they go for a ride.  
When Jess and Shelly were riding horses, they felt like they were flying through the sky.  They loved the cool breeze blowing through their hair.  It was as if time stood still and nothing else in the world mattered. It was just their horses and them.
  When Shelly went to school the next day, she did not expect all of the teasing and cruel jokes that she heard about her braces.  She was so embarrassed and humiliated, that she wanted to crawl into a hole somewhere and die.  
At lunchtime, Jess looked all over for Shelly.  He finally found her behind the school, crying her eyes out.  Jess put his arm around her shoulders as Shelly told him about all the jokes and teasing.  
When she was finished, Jess spoke: “It doesn’t matter what anybody else thinks, or says about you.  It only matters what you think and feel about yourself.  The true beauty of a person is not on the outside, but on the inside.  It is honesty, integrity, compassion, kindness, love, sincerity, caring, empathy and sympathy that make up a pure heart.  It’s what’s in your heart and soul that matters.” 
As Shelly wiped away her tears on her sleeve, Jess continued.  He put Shelly’s fist over her heart and said, “Shelly, you have a pure heart, a heart of gold.  You are the most thoughtful, caring person that I know.  You have a beautiful soul.  Never let anyone tell you differently” 
By now, Jess was getting a little angry.  “Who cares what those spoiled brats say or think?  You are my best friend and I accept you totally, as you are, with glasses, braces, acne and all.  I know who you are inside and that is what matters.  I know that I am a much better person on the inside that a lot of people at school. They may be richer, have nicer things, and may be better looking than I am, but my heart and soul are more beautiful; as long as we know this about ourselves, who cares what others think?”
  Jess took Shelly in his arms and just held her, for a long time.  He could feel her hurt and pain.  After a while, Shelly started to feel a lot better.  
From that day forward, Shelly held her head up high and ignored the jokes and teasing. At lunchtime, when it started getting to her, she looked over at Jess, he held his fist over his heart, and she felt better instantly.
  Christmas was just ten days away, and Jess wanted to give Shelly something to cheer her up.  In wood shop, he had made a wooden shelf with ten pegs below, to hang something on.  He had been thinking of giving it to his father as a tie rack, but then an idea came to him.  He wrapped it up and put it under the Christmas tree. 
School was finally out for two weeks.  Both Jess and Shelly needed that break.  
Jess invited Shelly over to spend Christmas Eve with his family.  It was very cold outside, but there was still no snow, although snow had been predicted for Christmas.  Shelly arrived carrying a large plate of cookies that she had made in Home Ec. Class for Jess.  Jess tried one and said, “These are delicious.  I never knew that you could cook so good.”  He really did not want to share the cookies, but he gave one to each of his parents, and put the rest of them in his room.  
Jess took a present from under the tree and gave it to Shelly.  “Sorry for the way it looks,” he said, “I’m not too good at wrapping presents”
 Shelly looked at the present and said, “Did you use a whole roll of tape on this?”  She opened the present and found a wooden shelf with many pegs below.  
“I thought you could use it to hang all your ribbons you won for riding competitions on it and you could use the shelf for displaying a photo of Buttercup,” said Jess.  “It’s my first project, so it’s not as good as it could be.” 
“It’s perfect, Jess” said Shelly, “Thank you!” 
Jess’s mom brought hot chocolate for everyone and the four of them sat in front of the crackling fire and sang Christmas carols.  
When it was time for Shelly to leave, Jess walked her to the door.  “I’ll see you in a few hours at church,” said Jess.  He gave Shelly a quick hug and closed the door.  
As Shelly started to walk to her house, it started to snow.  “What a perfect Christmas this is,” thought Shelly.
  The rest of the school year passed quickly.  Shelly went to as many of Jess’s basketball games as she could and was always cheering him on.  When track season started, Shelly watched Jess run, and at the meets, she was at the finish line encouraging him to run faster. Jess loved the attention, and it worked.  Jess would get an extra burst of energy on the last leg of the race, knowing that Shelly was waiting for him.  
  Both Jess and Shelly finished the school year with very good grades.  Jess had two B’s and the rest were A’s.  Shelly had all A’s. Summer had arrived and 7th grade was finally over.  So much had happened this year that it seemed like it lasted two years.  
  Shelly still enjoyed the letters she received from Elanna and April.  When Shelly wrote to them, she told them about her life in Indiana, about school, about Mara and of course, about Jess.  
The friendship between Shelly, Elanna and April had survived over the long distance for two years, and Shelly knew that it would last longer with a little effort. She was making friends in Harrison and considered it home now, but she was not ready to let go of her past.
Chapter 4
 Shelly turned thirteen, two days after school ended. She was officially a teenager.  Jess had turned thirteen in April.  Shelly was still waiting for new body parts to arrive, but she was feeling better about herself and she had gotten used to her braces.  
  A week later, Shelly and Mara went to Camp Gallahue; a Girl Scout camp in Indiana.  Shelly was glad that Mara was with her, so she would have at least one person she knew at the camp. They also became friends with some new girls named Taylor, Kat, Elaine, Erin and Katherine. 
They had a blast at camp.  They swam, went canoeing, went on hikes, and even went camping.  In the evenings, they told stories by the campfire and toasted marshmallows and made s’mores. It was just what Shelly needed, to completely relax and release some stress from her life.  She also liked spending more time with Mara.  By the time camp was over, she and Mara were even closer friends than before.  
  After Shelly returned from camp, she spent a lot of time helping her dad with the horses, and helping her mom around the house.  She also got some babysitting jobs and was earning her own money.  
  Jess was also earning his own money.  He had passed out fliers around town and was doing odd jobs, and lawn work.  He was also helping his parents take care of the animals and the garden and the fields.  His family grew alfalfa, corn and pumpkins.  They used the alfalfa for their cows, and what corn they did not use personally, they sold.  They grew hundreds of pumpkins each year, and in the fall, they donated them to schools and churches throughout the city.  
  Even with their chores and jobs, Jess and Shelly still had time to spend with each other, whether it was riding horses, swimming, or having their parents drive them to an occasional movie.
Jess and Shelly both liked action movies, as well as comedies.  Shelly liked the romantic movies, but she could not get Jess to see one with her.  He was not interested in them yet. 
Toward the end of August, they went with their families to the county fair for a couple of days.  This was the first year that Jess and Shelly did not mind looking at all of the exhibits.  At the 4-H barn, Shelly got more information on the 4-H and signed up that day.  She figured it was a good way to learn more about animals. 
On the second day at the fair, Jess and Shelly were able to spend the entire day by themselves.  They immediately headed for the rides on the Midway.  
While they were riding the Ferris wheel, it stopped when they were at the very top.  Shelly got so scared, that she was cutting off the circulation to Jess’s arm that she was hanging onto.  To help calm her down, Jess put his arm around her and held her close.  After a while, Shelly started to relax. She felt safe in Jess’s arms.  It made Jess feel good knowing that she felt safe with him.  
  After a few more rides (closer to the ground), they headed toward the fairway where the games of skill were.  Jess tried a game of free throws with a basketball and won a clown doll for Shelly.  Later, they ate corndogs and cotton candy and drank pink lemonade.  They met up with their folks, just in time to see the nightly fireworks.  
  Soon, it was time to start school again.  It would be an important year for Jess and Shelly.  Besides being the last year of junior high, it was also the year in which they would be confirmed.  
Shelly babysat when she could and Jess did as much yard work jobs while the weather was still mild.  When the snow came, he earned money shoveling driveways and sidewalks.  
Shelly was active in 4-H.  In Home Ec., she did more cooking, and did some sewing projects, including making a shirt for her dad.  She worked on the school paper for the second year, and was elected secretary of the 8th grade class.  
  Jess took another year of wood shop and made his mother a spice rack and a birdhouse. He was one of the best basketball players on the team.  He was not as tall as the others were, but he was fast and determined.  Shelly cheered Jess on at games and took photos for the school paper.  In the spring, Jess ran track again and Shelly joined the swimming team.  
  Shelly noticed that many girls in the class were paying a lot of attention to Jess, and Shelly became a little jealous.  She was happy for Jess though.  
“Jess was very cute,” thought Shelly.  “The other girls could not help but notice.”  She felt confident, because she and Jess were such good friends.  
Jess had also noticed the other girls flirting with him. He liked the attention, but he was not ready to get serious about girls yet, and he was so busy, he did not have the time for a relationship.  
  Shelly’s Girl Scout troop was looking for a community project to earn their silver award.  Shelly suggested that they combine their community project with the annual cookie sales campaign.  They could get businesses and organizations, churches and ordinary citizens to donate money toward purchasing cookies to send to troops in the Middle East. 
As an additional bonus, the money that the troop earned from buying all the boxes of cookies could be donated to the reading programs in the elementary schools.  
The entire troop thought this was a terrific idea, including their troop leader Mrs. Ross.  Shelly volunteered to write the letter that they would copy and send out to all organizations and businesses.  
  The project was a big success.  In their wildest imaginations, the girls could not have dreamed of the success they had.  In all, they received donations of more than $575,000.  That was enough to send more than 190,000 boxes of cookies to troops in the Middle East.  The military had volunteered to ship the cookies for them. 
The troop recruited students from the high school, the junior highs, the elementary schools, as well as adults from civic organizations, to help create homemade cards to attach to each box of cookies, to cheer up the troops.  
The troop received more than $95,000 for their troop from the sales of all those cookies.  The troop used that money to help support the elementary school reading programs by purchasing books and supplies.  
  The project got so much press coverage, that the troop was invited to meet the mayor, and soon after, they were invited to the state capitol to meet the governor.  The entire troop was thrilled.
 Then, one day, after Shelly had arrived home from school, she answered the phone and just stood there holding the phone and not saying anything.  Her mom thought that there was something wrong with Shelly.  She looked like she was going to pass out.  Then Shelly started nodding into the phone, “Yes, yes sir. Thank you, sir. We would be honored.”  Shelly said good-bye and hung up the phone.  
  “Who was that?” asked her mother.  Shelly was very excited and had to catch her breath before she started talking.  She was jumping up and down.  
“That was the President,” she said at last.  
“The president of what?” her mother asked.  Shelly paused again to catch her breath and said “The President of the United States.”  At this point, she had to sit down and her mother got her a glass of water.
  Shelly continued; “The President has invited our troop to the White House next week, to meet him in the Oval Office.  He heard about what we did for our silver award.  He wants to talk to the nation about people doing more community service and he wants to use us for an example of good community service.  We’re going to be on television.”  
  The phone rang again and this time it was Mrs. Ross, the troop leader.  She had all the details of the trip to Washington, D.C.  The troop would go by bus early Monday morning and come back late Tuesday evening.  They would stay overnight for one night at a hotel. 
The government was paying for everything.  The school had given approval for the troop to miss school for those two days.  The troop leader told Shelly that since the idea for the silver award project was hers and since she wrote the letter that brought in all the donations, she would speak for the troop at the White House. 
After Shelly hung up the phone, the first thing she did was to call Jess and Mara and told them the news.  Mara was as excited as Shelly, to be going.  Jess was very happy for Shelly.  Then Shelly called Elanna and April so they could watch it on television on Tuesday.
  At school the next day, everybody was talking about the trip to Washington.  Shelly felt like a celebrity.  As Monday got nearer, Shelly started to get a little nervous. Not only was she going to meet the president, but also she was going to have to speak on live television.  Her mom told her not to be nervous.  “Just speak from your heart, and you will do just fine.” 	
Chapter 5
  Monday morning finally arrived.  The bus was scheduled to depart from the school at 5AM.  When Shelly and her parents arrived at the school, there was a large crowd of students and parents to see them off.  And, of course, Jess was there.  
Jess could see that Shelly was nervous.  He pulled her off to the side and tried to reassure her.  “You will do great, Shelly.  Just speak from your heart and you can’t go wrong,” said Jess.  Then, Jess gave Shelly a hug.  He suddenly felt a little embarrassed with all the people around.
  He told Shelly; “Ask the president to name a national holiday after the troop so that we can get a day off from school,” 
They both laughed, and said goodbye, and then Shelly quickly kissed Jess on the cheek before he could turn away.  As Jess’s face turned red, Shelly giggled and got on the bus.
On the bus ride to Washington, the girls sang songs, laughed and had a great time.  They arrived in Washington, D.C., in the early afternoon.  They checked into their hotel, and dropped their stuff off in their rooms.  Then they went to see as many sites in the city as they could.  
It had been a long day, and after dinner, they all went to their rooms to get some sleep.  Shelly could not fall asleep.  She kept tossing and turning.  She was excited, nervous, and afraid that she would say something stupid in front of the entire country, or worse, that she would get sick or trip and fall.  She finally drifted off to sleep around 1am.  
At 7:00 the next morning, they got up, ate breakfast at the hotel, and then boarded the bus to go to the White House.  
When they arrived at the White House, they were escorted to the Oval Office.  The president was not there yet.  Shelly was awestruck and overwhelmed.  She was standing in front of the president’s desk, with the Presidential Seal in front of it. 
 As the girls were looking around, the door opened and there he was; ‘The President of the United States’.  All of the girls had brought disposable cameras except for Shelly, who had brought a camera from the school newspaper.  All of the girls started taking pictures of the president and asking him questions.  All of them, except for Shelly, that is.  
  Shelly stood off in the corner of the room and was taking it all in.  She wanted to remember that moment for the rest of her life; the sounds, the smells, how everything looked, and how she felt.  
“I am in the Oval Office with the President of the United States.  He is the most powerful person in the world and he is just ten feet away,” thought Shelly.  This was a once in a lifetime opportunity for her.
 As Shelly was lost in thought, a voice startled her.  “You must be Shelly,” said the President.  “I’ve heard so much about you.  It is a pleasure to finally meet you.” 
Shelly felt like she was going to faint.  The president helped her to sit down -IN HIS CHAIR! Shelly was sitting behind the president’s desk in the Oval Office with the president standing beside her.  “How cool was that?” thought Shelly.  Shelly was suddenly so overwhelmed, that she started to cry.  She could not stop crying and that made her feel embarrassed. Shelly was at the age where she cried very easily.  
 The president had an aide take the rest of the girls into the outer office, so he could talk to Shelly alone. 
 “Are you okay, Shelly?” asked the president, as he handed her a glass of water. Shelly took a long drink of water before she answered.
  “It’s just that I am so honored and humbled to meet you, Mr. President.  Nothing this important has ever happened to me before in my entire life.  You are the president of the entire country and I am just an ordinary 13-year-old girl,” said Shelly.  
 “You may be a 13-year-old girl,” the President replied, “but you are far from ordinary, Shelly.  You came up with the idea that raised over half a million dollars.  Not only did you help boost the morale of thousands of troops in the Middle East with the cookies that your troop sent, but you also donated more than $95,000 to help kids learn to read.”
 “The reason I brought your troop to Washington, is that I want to inspire the nation to become involved, as you girls have done.  You got your community involved in helping others.  You are a very special young lady, Shelly.  Our country needs more caring people like you.”  
  “When I present your Girl Scout troop to the press this afternoon, would you say a few words to them?” asked the President. 
 “What would I say?” asked Shelly.  
 “Just say what you feel, Shelly” said the president, “Just speak from your heart.”  
“That’s exactly what my mom and Jess told me to do,” thought Shelly.  By now, Shelly was calming down and was feeling more relaxed.
  “Mr. President, I am a photographer for my school newspaper.  Would you mind if I took some pictures of you with the girls in our troop?”  Shelly asked.  
“Not at all” said the president.  
He let the rest of girls back into the office and Shelly started taking pictures.  She took some of the entire troop standing around the president as he sat as his desk, and some of the girls shaking hands with him.  Then, the President had his aide take some photos of him and Shelly.  
  The president said: “I want copies of these pictures, if you don’t mind.”Shelly promised she would send copies.  
Then, the president took the girls on a personal tour of the White House.  They met several Cabinet members, some senators and representatives.  They even attended a fancy lunch with the President, First Lady and the Vice President.  
  After lunch, it was time to get ready for the press conference in the Rose Garden.  Mara pulled Shelly aside, and said, “This is so cool.  I will never forget this day as long as I live.”  
Before they went out to the Rose Garden, Shelly asked the rest of the troop, if they were upset that Shelly would speak for the troop.  They all agreed that Shelly deserved to speak for them, because if it had not been for her idea, they would not be there and they would never have met the president. 
Chapter 6
  As the Girl Scout troop was escorted into the Rose Garden, Shelly began to get nervous again.  They were seated on chairs behind the podium.  There must have been more than 200 people from the press, with several television cameras and microphones.  
  The president went to the podium and everyone became quiet.  “I’ve said many times throughout my presidency, that our nation is full of compassionate caring people,” The president began. “This afternoon, I have with me, Girl Scout Troop 125 from Harrison, Indiana.  These girls exemplify that compassion.”  
“This year, the troop was looking for a community project to help them earn their silver award.  The troop sent out letters out to community organizations, churches, businesses, and handed out fliers to citizens, asking for donations, which the troop would use to buy boxes of Girl Scout cookies that they would then send to military troops serving in the Middle East.  From the cookie sales, their troop would receive $.50 per box.  The troop would use this money to purchase books and supplies for reading programs in the elementary schools.”
  “This project was so successful that they raised more than $575,000, which was used to purchase more than 190,000 boxes of cookies.  The girl scouts got the entire community involved in making handmade cards to attach to each box of cookies telling the troops, that the citizens of Harrison were proud of them and grateful for their sacrifice.”  
“From the cookie sales, they also raised more than $95,000, which was used to purchase books and supplies for the reading programs.”
  “This troop shows what community service and volunteering can accomplish.  I am very proud of these girls.” 
The president started clapping and soon the entire press corps was giving the troop a standing ovation.  All of the girls were smiling, and they were a little embarrassed. 
After the applause died down, the president continued: “I would like to read you a portion of the letter, which was written by Shelly Collins, age 13. ‘ Even though we are only 13 and 14-year-old Girl Scouts, we are doing our part, to help others.  Won’t you please help us brighten the lives of our military troops in the Middle East, by making a large donation?  We will use the money to purchase Girl Scout cookies to send to the troops, to show our support and our gratitude.  These men and women are far away from their families. Maybe we can send them a little taste of home, with these cookies.  Please help us to help others.  If each of us does a little, then together we can accomplish a lot.’” 
 After more applause, the president said, “I would like to ask Shelly to come up here and say a few words.” 
  Slowly, Shelly got up and started walking toward the podium.  She started out speaking softly, but gradually got more confident. “First of all, I would like to thank the President for inviting us to the White House.  We are all thrilled to be here.  This is a day that we will remember for the rest of our lives. Second, I want to say, that this is the most beautiful garden I have ever seen.” 
After more applause, Shelly continued: “I know that people are making a big fuss about what our troop has accomplished, but instead, you should be making a big fuss about what people are not doing.”  
“I do not mean to disagree with the President, but I think that our nation is lacking in compassion.  No one wants to get involved, to help others in need.  Citizens need to become more compassionate in their everyday lives.  Even good manners are missing from our society.”
  “Everybody is in such a hurry that few people take the time to hold a door open for someone, or give up a seat on a train or a bus for elderly, disabled or pregnant passengers.  When was the last time you saw a man, pull out a chair for a lady, or help her with her coat?  When people do hold a door open for someone, there is not so much as a simple thank you.  Men do not always remove their hats inside church or other buildings, and boys see this as acceptable behavior.  People do not even remove their hats in presence of the American Flag anymore.”
 “If everyone would start using good manners, and show each other respect and courtesy we could be on our way to an even greater nation.”  
  Shelly paused for a moment and took a drink of water.  The applause was deafening.  
A reporter for the New York Times asked, “Shelly, have you ever considered going into politics?”  Shelly hesitated and looked at the president.  
“Go ahead Shelly,” replied the President, “you can answer some questions, if you feel comfortable.”  
Shelly cleared her throat and began “I would never fit in as a politician; I care too much about this country.”  
 When she saw a few puzzled looks, she continued: “Let me explain.  A long time ago, people ran for office because they truly wanted to make our nation, our states and cities a better place to live, but over the years, it has become more about power, money, status, ego and fame.”
 “It is no longer about ‘what can I do to help the people.’ Instead, it is, ‘what can I do that will make me popular, or make a name for myself, or make me more powerful’.” 
“They care more about a million-dollar book deal, and how much money they will get for speaking engagements after they leave office. Congress gets to decide about the health insurance and the social security/retirement for all Americans, yet members of Congress get the best health insurance and retirement benefits, paid for by the taxpayers.  Citizens are losing their jobs and homes, while Congress can vote themselves pay raises, and they get free housing, paid for by the taxpayers.  In good conscience, I could not live like that.” 
  The entire press corps was on their feet and clapping as loud as they could.  They had never heard a child with so much spirit before, telling Congress how Americans felt.  No adult would have the nerve to say what she had said.  
Next, a reporter from Newsweek Magazine asked, “Shelly, what advice do you have for the government, to help make our country better?”
“Well, what I would tell the government has already been said many times” started Shelly, “Make housing and health care more affordable to everyone.  I would stop Congress from accepting money from lobbyists and private interest groups who buy their votes.  I think that Congress should be held accountable for their spending. Private citizens have to live on a balanced budget; why shouldn’t the government have to as well?”
“Whatever happened to living by the words: ‘of the people, by the people, and for the people?’  They might as well just change it to, ‘of the government, by the government and for the government’.” 
  Shelly looked over at the president, to see if he looked angry at what she had just said.  She could not tell.  
“He said to speak from my heart and that’s what I am doing,” thought Shelly.  
 Another reporter asked if Shelly had any advice for America.  Shelly hesitated and then began saying what came to her.  
“If you want to start making this nation a better place to live in, start with the children.  Parents need to start parenting.  If you truly love your kids, do not give them everything they ask for.  They do not need their own phone, television, IPod, car, etc.  If they want those things, let them get jobs and earn them.”
“ If you give your kids everything they think they ‘need’, then they will get used to that material possession lifestyle and when they are out on their own, they run up their credit card bills so high that they will have to file for bankruptcy down the road.” 
“Believe it or not, your kids will love you for just spending time with them.  Take them fishing, play catch with them, read to them and have them read to you.  Teach your kids to be self-sufficient, to respect others.”
“Listen to your kids, I mean, really listen to what they are saying.  Talk to them about drugs, alcohol, smoking and sex.  Answer their questions. If you do not know all the answers, then help them to find the answers.”
  “Set a good example for your kids to follow.  Be honest, truthful, and respectful of others.  Go to church with your kids and help them to get a strong base of religion to help guide them through their lives.” 
 Shelly was on a roll now.  She was saying things as they popped into her head. “If you want your kids to be healthy, then stop smoking and doing drugs.  If you want them to eat healthy foods, lead by example.  Take the junk food out of the schools. Is the money that schools make from vending machines, worth the resulting obesity and poor health of the kids?”
“Exercise with your kids, whether it is sports, running, bicycling, or just going for walks around the neighborhood.”  
“Make sure that your kids are properly restrained in the car, as well as yourself.”
 “Help your kids with their homework, do not do it for them.  Get involved with their teachers.  The education system works best when the parents, students and the teachers all interact.  The teachers cannot do it by themselves.” 
Shelly stopped to take a drink of water and there was more thunderous applause.  
  Shelly looked directly into the television camera.  “I would like to speak directly to you, America” she said.  There are children in our country who are starving and malnourished.  There are kids who do not have good role models.  There are kids who are failing in school, because we are failing them.  The crime rate for young Americans is rising.”
“Speaking as one of our nation’s youth, I am reaching out to all of you.  The kids need your help.  There are plenty of organizations out there to help the kids, but they do not always have the money to reach as many of them as they would like.”
“I challenge every major corporation to donate at least one million dollars to a charity that helps our kids.”
“I challenge every other corporation to make as large of a donation as you can.”  
“I challenge every family, every American, to give what you can to help our kids.  Do not wait until next week, or next month.  Please, write out that check today.”
“Finally, I encourage everybody, to help bring back basic family values.  With everybody’s help, we can once again be the greatest nation in the world.”  
 “On a personal note, I would like to thank my parents, teachers and my pastor, for helping me to become the person I am today, by giving me everything that I need to grow up into a decent human being.”
  As Shelly finished speaking, she received a standing ovation that lasted for several minutes, with cameras flashing all over the garden.
  When asked what she wanted to do when she was grown up, Shelly said that she wanted to work with animals, or with children.  
The president stood up and returned to the podium.  He put his hand on her shoulder and said, “Shelly, you are quite a remarkable young lady.  Your parents and teachers must be very proud of you” 
 Shelly’s mom was watching the press conference on television at work with her staff, and they were all crying.  Abby could not have been prouder of her daughter at that moment. 
  The president asked Shelly, if there was anyone that she wanted to say hello to on national television.  Shelly replied, “I’d like to say hello to my parents, to Pastor Joe and the congregation of St. Luke’s Church, to all my friends in Santa Barbara, California especially Elanna and April, and all the teachers and students at Paterson Junior High, especially Mara and my best friend Jess.” All of the other girls had the chance to said hello to their family and friends as well. 
  When they had finished, the president began speaking again. “Girls, we have a special surprise for you.  If you turn around, there are some people who would like to say thank you.”  
As the girls turned around, a large television screen came to life.  Through a satellite link to the Middle East, the girls could see thousands of military troops holding boxes of Girl Scout cookies and there was a huge banner which read “Thank you Troop 125 for the cookies and homemade cards, and more important, thank you for caring.”  
  Then, an Army general came on the screen and started talking to Shelly: “Shelly, we have been listening to you speak and you have touched the hearts of the troops here.  We like your idea of sending money to help children so much, that in the past forty minutes, we have collected more than $100,000, which we will be sending to Boys and Girls Clubs of America.  We want America to know that we are behind you 100%.” 
The troops began chanting “Shelly! Shelly! Shelly!” As people all across the country, were watching, a camera panned over to Shelly who cheeks.  
  A strange phenomenon began taking place around America.  In homes and businesses around the country, people were taking out their checkbooks and began writing out checks to children’s charities.  
In schools, kids started putting spare change in jars.  
At Paterson Junior High, Jess started chanting along with the soldiers: “Shelly! Shelly! Shelly!”  Soon, the whole school was chanting her name.  The principal; Mr. Leck told the students that when the girls returned to school, they would have an entire day of celebration, and no schoolwork.  
As the girls followed the president back to the Oval Office, they were filled with excitement.  They told Shelly what a terrific speech she made. Soon, it was time to return home.  As the rest of the troop headed out to the bus, the President asked Shelly to stay back for a minute, that he wanted to speak with her.  Shelly thought she was in trouble for some of the things she said.  
“I’m sorry if I talked too long, or if I said something I shouldn’t have said.  You said to speak from my heart and that is where that all came from.”  
“Shelly,” said the President, “I am not upset with you.  I am very proud of you.  You spoke what needed to be said.  It might not have been what many people wanted to hear, but it is what they needed to hear. It was the truth.  Never stop speaking your mind, Shelly.  I learned a lot from you today.  I learned that our youth have a lot of good advice, if we would only listen.” 
  “Shelly, when you are ready to go to college, you let me know. I will personally see to it that you get into the college of your choice.”
 Shelly thanked him and gave him a big hug.  The President asked Shelly, if there was any souvenir that Shelly would like from the White House.  
Shelly quickly answered: My friend Jess’s 14th birthday is next week and I know he likes autographs from famous people.  Could you autograph a photo of yourself for him, and since you have connections, maybe you can get some from other people in Washington?”  The President said he would see what he could do.  Then, they walked out to the bus, and Shelly hugged the president once more and the President said goodbye to everyone and they headed for home. 
  On the trip home, the girls talked excitedly as they relived the excitement of the day.  Shelly was so exhausted, that soon she was fast asleep, dreaming sweet thoughts. She awoke, just as the bus was turning into the school parking lot.  
It was about 8pm, but there were hundreds of people waiting for them.  Shelly’s mom and dad hugged Shelly and told her how proud of her they were.  
Jess gave her a hug and said, “Shelly, you were great.  I told you that it would be okay.”  He carried her stuff to her car.  Shelly knew that this would be hard to top as the greatest day of her life.  
Chapter 7
  When Shelly went to school the next day, there were banners everywhere welcoming the girls back from Washington.  The entire day was one big party.  
Mr. Leck, the principal showed Shelly the front pages of newspapers from New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago and Washington, D.C.  All of them had a big picture of Shelly with the president.  The headlines varied, from: “Shelly speaks her mind!” to “The Girl with all of the Answers!” to “Shelly Collins for President?” to “Honesty in Washington, What a New Concept!”  The principal said that Shelly was probably on the front page of every major newspaper in the country. 
As it turned out, she was also on the cover of more than 20 magazines over the next couple of months, including People, Time and Newsweek.  At first, Shelly liked the attention, but she wished everything would go back to normal.  
Graduation and Confirmation were about a month away.  Final exams were also approaching.  
  On Friday, the principal’s voice came over the P.A. system and interrupted classes for an announcement.  “I have a phone call that I think all of you would like to hear.”  The next voice they heard was from the president: “Shelly, I thought you would like to know, that donations have been pouring into children’s charities all over the country. As far as we can tell, more than five billion dollars have been received and the checks are still coming in.  You have made a big impact on the nation, and I am very proud of you.  You have done something that; even I have not been able to do.  Your plea for compassion is spreading across the nation like wildfire, and even to other parts of the world.”  
“Children across the country have started voicing their opinions and demanding better education, an end to child exploitation and better protection from child predators.”  
“On behalf of the nation, I want to thank you for waking us all up and getting us involved to help solve the problems that we should not have in America.”
  After the president hung up, the principal’s voice came back on: “Shelly, all of the staff and students at this school, are very proud of you.  You have shown us that a single voice can make a difference. Thank you!” 
Shelly could hear cheering throughout the entire school.  For a moment, Shelly just sat there, and then she started to cry.  She had never believed that what she had said would make a big difference, but it had, and she was filled with hope.  People were actually starting to change and she was the one that got it all started.  
  Shelly felt a hand on her shoulder, and turned to see Jess handing her some tissues, 
“Shelly,” he began; “I have always known that you were special.  Your beauty and goodness go deep into your heart and down to your soul”. 
 Shelly was glad when the day was over, and the weekend had arrived. She needed a break from all the publicity.  She had gotten calls from newspapers, magazines, and talk shows asking for interviews.  She even received calls from the Tonight Show and Oprah.  She turned them all down, telling them that she had said what she had to say.  Her message had been heard and that was the only thing that mattered.  
When Shelly got home from school, she told her parents about the president’s phone call.  “Oh, that reminds me,” said her mother, “you received a very large package today from the White House.”  
Shelly was ecstatic when she heard that and ran to open the package.
  “What is it?” asked her dad.  
“If it is what I think it is, it’s Jess’s birthday present,” said Shelly.  “And just in time too, tomorrow is Jess’s birthday.” 
When Shelly opened the package, she found a letter on top, from the President.  She read the letter aloud.
“Dear Shelly, This is one time that it pays to be the most important person in the government.  I know how much Jess means to you as a friend, and I think he will just love the enclosed photos.  My entire office staff was working hard on it.”
“ Enclosed, you will find not only personally autographed photos from my wife and me, but from the Vice President and his wife, my entire Cabinet, The Joint Chiefs of staff, All nine Justices on the Supreme Court, All 100 U.S. Senators, All 426 U.S. Representatives, all 50 governors and mayors from 200 of the largest cities in the country.”
“I also received photos from all five of the former presidents who are still living, and their wives.”  
 “In addition, there are some, from the former vice presidents who are still alive.  Jess should take very good care of this collection, as it is truly one of a kind.  It was a pleasure to do this for you Shelly.  I hope Jess realizes what a special friend he has”
As Shelly looked through the photos, she noticed, that all of them were personally addressed to Jess, and signed, wishing him a happy 14th birthday. 
  The next day, Shelly went over to Jess’s house to wish him a happy birthday.  She handed him a handmade card and kissed him on the cheek.  Jess blushed and thanked her.  Then Shelly said, “Your present is on the porch, if you want to get it.”  Jess picked up a very heavy present off the porch and brought it into the house.  
  Shelly and Jess’s parents watched, as he opened it.  He read the letter that the president had written to Shelly and he was speechless.  
 As he and his parents looked through the photos, His dad told him how valuable this collection was.  “This collection contains autographed photos from every single person in all three branches of the government, and the governors from all 50 states and more than 200 of the most important mayors.”  
Jess just looked at Shelly and gave her a long close hug and whispered Thank you, Shelly.” He was too shocked and overcome with emotion to say anything else.  
  At Confirmation class the next day, Pastor Joe spoke to Shelly privately.  “Shelly,” he said, “I am so proud of you for the way you spoke to the nation this week.  I have always seen something special in you, and now everyone else can see it as well.” 
Confirmation was only one month away, and there was a lot to do before then.
Shelly was glad to be busy with preparing for confirmation and graduation, and was glad that the press started leaving her alone.  Shelly wrote letters to the President and he always replied within a week. He was her pen pal.  
  The next few weeks passed quickly.  Soon, it was Confirmation Sunday.  Shelly and her mom had made a beautiful, but modest dress for the occasion.  
Jess had to get a new suit, because he had grown 3 inches in the past four months and the old suit was too small. 
The entire class of eighth graders was adorned with flowers, the boys with carnations and the girls with corsages.  As they proceeded into the church, the congregation turned around to watch them.  Although the students were glad to be confirmed, they would miss the good times they had over the past two years. 
For Shelly, that day was a very special day, because it brought her a little closer to God.  Shelly’s life was going great, and she knew that it was all due to God watching over her.  
Shelly had so much to be thankful: her parents, her friends, especially Jess, Mara, Elanna and April.  She was thankful for her dog, Charlie, and her horse, Buttercup.  She was thankful for her accomplishments, and her good grades.  Shelly was thinking about all these things, as she was confirmed by Pastor Joe. 
After the ceremony was over, there was a reception at the church.  Shelly’s mom gave her a bible that had been given to her by her mother, who had gotten it from Shelly’s great-grandmother.  The bible was more than 100 years old.  Shelly knew that she would always treasure it.  
  The next two weeks were filled with preparations for graduation from Paterson Junior High. Shelly was the valedictorian of the class and she had to make a speech, and study for finals.  At graduation, she thanked the parents and teachers for everything they had done for her and her classmates.  
On the evening after graduation, there was a dance at the school, where the graduates signed each other’s yearbooks and celebrated being out of elementary school.  After Jess and Shelly had gotten their yearbooks signed, and they had signed almost everyone else’s yearbooks, they sat down and had some refreshments. 
When the music started playing, kids started to dance.  Jess and Shelly danced to some of the fast songs.  They were having a good time. 
The last dance of the evening was a slow dance.  Shyly, Jess asked Shelly to dance.  As they glided around the dance floor, they did not talk much.  They just listened to the music.  After a while, Shelly laid her head on Jess’s chest, as they danced.  They were not just good friends, but best friends.  At that moment, neither of them had a care in the world.  They could have stayed like that all night.
Chapter 8
  As Shelly’s 14th birthday approached, she asked her mom; “Can I cook my “Coming of Age” dinner next Sunday?” 
 Her mom looked surprised. “I thought you said that it was a silly tradition,” she said.  
“I did, when I was 10, but now I’m older and I really want to do it,” Shelly explained.  
Shelly’s mom grew up in a family that was big on tradition.  One of them that went back five or six generations, was that before a girl turned 14, and entered into womanhood, she would plan, prepare and cook an entire meal all by herself. It was like a rite of passage. 
Shelly’s mom asked, “How about if we invite Jess and his parents over for dinner that night?”  Shelly thought that it was a wonderful idea.
  Shelly had been learning quite a bit in Home Ec. class and from her mom.  She had been experimenting on her own as well.  She made her mom promise that she would stay out of the kitchen while she cooked the dinner and not interfere. 
When Jess’s mom told him they were invited to dinner, Jess thought: “ Oh, great, an entire evening of boring grown-up talk,” but when his mom told him they were going next door to have dinner with Shelly and her parents, Jess was very enthusiastic.  
Jess told his mom; “I have to watch what I eat, though.  I am in training.” Jess was planning on going out for the high school football team the next fall, and he wanted to get a head start on a training regimen.  
  Sunday evening came, and Shelly had the table in the dining room set perfectly, with the fine china and crystal glassware, and the fancy silverware.  She had the linen napkins folded into fans on each plate.  For the meal, Shelly had prepared chicken and dumplings, asparagus with butter sauce, spinach and strawberry salad, hot biscuits, and for dessert: peach pie that she had made from scratch, from her own secret recipe.  As they sat down to dinner, Shelly’s parents and Jess’s parents complimented Shelly on how beautiful the table looked.  
  As everyone ate Shelly’s home cooked dinner, the four grownups kept telling her how delicious everything was.  Jess just nodded in agreement, as his mouth was always full.  
After Jess had finished a second plateful of the dinner, he was ready for pie.  With Jess’s big appetite, Shelly was glad that she had made three pies.  Soon, there was only one pie left. 
As Jess reached for his third slice of peach pie, his mom said, “Jess, I thought you were on a special diet because you were in training?”  
 “I’ll run an extra five miles each day this week,” said Jess.  “It will be worth it.  The dinner was terrific, but this is the best peach pie that I have ever tasted.”
Shelly had a big smile on her face.  She knew that grownups would say a meal was good, to be polite, but Jess had never lied to her before.  He always said what was on his mind.  
The fact that he had devoured two platefuls of dinner, and three slices of pie, told her that her dinner was a big success.  
Jess’s mom agreed with Jess: “This crust is so flaky and light that it melts in my mouth,” She asked Shelly for the recipe.  Shelly replied, “I’m sorry, Mrs. Thompson, but that is a secret.” “I understand,” said Mrs. Thompson, laughing.  
  After Jess and his parents had left, Shelly asked her mom; “Now that I am practically grown up, can you tell me about your parents and your family?”  
Her mom had been smiling, but when Shelly made her request, her smile quickly turned into a look of panic.  “I’ll talk to you about it when you get back,” said her mom.  
“Back from where?” asked Shelly.  
This time her dad answered. “We have a special surprise for you, Shelly.  You have accomplished so much and have matured quite a bit this year, so your mother and I are sending you to Santa Barbara for two months this summer.  You leave tomorrow, and you will be staying with Elanna and her family.” 
Shelly did not know what to say.  She was overjoyed.  “But, I won’t be able to spend my birthday with you and Mom” Shelly said.  
“There will be a lot more birthdays in the future, and besides, Elanna and April want to help you celebrate your 14th birthday,” said her mom.  “You deserve this vacation, Shelly.  We are so proud of the woman you have become.”  
“But, I will miss you both too much” said Shelly.  
“We thought of that too, and we have gotten you your own cell phone.  You can call us anytime, night or day, if you want to talk or just to hear our voice,” said her mom.  
“Thank you so much,” Shelly said as she hugged them both.  
  Suddenly, Shelly thought about Jess. “I have to call Jess and tell him.” she said. 
“You can talk to Jess about it in the morning,” said her mom.  “Your flight won’t leave until the afternoon.”  
  The next day, as Shelly told Jess about her two-month vacation in California, Jess tried to hide his disappointment.  
“That’s great, Shelly,” he said.  “I know that you really miss April and Elanna. I am sure you will have a great time there.  We can still write to each other, can’t we?” Jess asked.  
“Every day, Jess, and I can call you too.  My parents got me a cell phone.” 
“Wait right here Shelly, I have something for you” said Jess.  He went into his house and came out with a wrapped present for Shelly. 
 “Since I won’t see you on your birthday, I want to give you your present now, but don’t open it until you are on the plane.”
Jess gave Shelly a tight hug and said, “I’ll miss you, Shelly.”  
“I’ll miss you too, Jess,” said Shelly.  
  Shelly got into the car and her parents drove her to the airport.  Shelly was already missing Jess, but she was excited because she would soon see Elanna and April.  This was the first time that Shelly had ever flown by herself before, but the flight attendants helped her feel more relaxed.  They recognized her from television and magazines and they liked Shelly right away. Shelly would fly to Los Angeles, and then after an hour layover, she would ride another plane to Santa Barbara. 		
Chapter 9
  After the plane took off for LA, Shelly opened the present that Jess had given her.  It was an album with a note attached to it.  The note said, “Happy 14th Birthday Shelly, my best friend in the whole world.  One thing that you do not know about me is that I like to draw and sketch pictures.  The pictures that I have enclosed in this album are my best drawings.  I draw things the way I see them.  I see the beauty that the average person cannot see.  If you are interested in seeing my other drawings, you can, just let me know.”  The note was signed, “Friends always, Jess”
  Shelly opened the album.  The first picture was of her sitting on her horse Buttercup.  The picture was dated; June 15th.  It was the day that Jess and Shelly first met.  Jess had drawn the picture from memory.  “Jess is an excellent artist,” thought Shelly.  The pictures were in chronological order, all the way through graduation.  The pictures got better and more detailed, as Jess got older and more talented. 
Two pictures stood out as extra-special to Shelly.  Both of them were drawn the day after she had gotten her braces.  The first one showed Shelly with her glasses, braces, short hair.  Under the picture was written, “How others see you.”  The second one was of Shelly, but without her glasses, without her braces and with longer hair.  There was a radiant glow around her entire face.  There was a twinkle in her eyes and a big smile on her face.  
Under this picture was written, “How I see you.  Your true beauty radiates out from your soul.”  The other pictures in the album, were of events that Jess and Shelly had shared over the years, such as The Ferris wheel, Graduation dance, Confirmation, Shelly in Washington, etc., and, of people or things that meant a lot to Shelly, such as her parents, Pastor Joe, a self portrait of Jess, sketches of Mara, April, Elanna, Buttercup, her dog Charlie, etc... Jess knew Shelly almost as well as she knew herself.  Shelly started to miss Jess a lot. 
  When Shelly arrived in Los Angeles, she got off the plane and headed to the gate where she would catch the flight to Santa Barbara.  When she got to the gate, she found an empty seat and sat down.  Across from her were two women.  The first one was probably in her in her early 60’s and the other was in her 80's.  Shelly guessed that they were mother and daughter, because they looked alike.
As she was looking at them, they glanced at her and recognized her. “Aren’t you Shelly Collins, from Indiana?”The younger woman asked.
 “Yes, I am.”  Shelly answered her.  “Do I know you?”  
“No, we haven’t met before, but we saw you on television and have read about you in magazines and newspapers,” replied the woman. “For a girl of 14, you are very mature.  You made us proud to be Americans that day.  I mailed out a check for $5,000 to the Children’s hospital in San Diego that day, because I was so inspired by you.”
  Then, the woman said, “Where are my manners?  I did not introduce myself.  My name is Sarah Johnson and this is my mother Elizabeth Parker.”  
“I’m very pleased to meet you,” said Shelly.  Mrs. Parker whispered to her daughter, “Doesn’t Shelly look a little like Abigail?”  
Mrs. Johnson frowned as she had gotten some bad news.  Then, she changed the subject quickly.  “So, Shelly, how long will you be staying in the San Diego area?” she asked.  
“San Diego?  I am going to Santa Barbara to spend the summer with some old friends.”“But, this is the gate for the flight to San Diego” said Mrs. Parker. “The gate for Santa Barbara is two gates down.  You had better hurry.  Your flight leaves in ten minutes.”  Shelly thanked her and said goodbye to both women and ran to the correct gate.  She got on the plane, just before they closed the door.
Chapter10
 When Shelly arrived in Santa Barbara, she was met by Elanna and her parents, along with April.  When they saw each other, the three girls ran toward each other and hugged for a long time.  On the ride to Elanna’s house, April and Elanna told Shelly that they watched Shelly when she was on television.  They thought it was the coolest thing they had ever seen.  They spent the rest of the night catching up on the past few years.  
That night, when Shelly was unpacking her suitcase, she found four old notebooks and a note from her mother.  She read the note: “Dear Shelly, I’m sorry for the way I reacted when you asked me about my family last night.  It is time that you knew the truth.  These are my journals that I kept from age 14 to 18.  Read them carefully and when you return, I will answer any questions you may have.  No matter what, remember, that I have always loved you and you are the most precious thing in my life.”  
Shelly decided that she would read a little bit from the journals each night, so that she would have something to look forward to each night.  That night, however, she was too tired and she put the journals away under her clothes in a drawer and soon fell fast asleep. 
  The next afternoon, Elanna and April took Shelly to the pizza restaurant where they used to go when they were younger.  As they walked into the private dining room in the back, about 30 girls yelled surprise.  Elanna and April had arranged a surprise birthday party for Shelly’s 14th birthday.  They had invited all of the girls that Shelly had known when she lived there.  Shelly had the time of her life.  For a while, it was as if she had never moved away.  Shelly even forgot about missing Jess. Over the next month or so, Shelly, Elanna and April had so much fun, that it seemed like old times.  Every night, before Shelly went to bed, she looked at the book of drawings that Jess gave her, read the letters that Jess had written to her, at least two times and then she would write a letter to Jess.  At least twice a week, Shelly would call Jess and they would talk for hours. 
  Jess was writing to her as well, and she was looking forward to his letters. Jess was staying busy that summer.  He was up by 5am each day.  After running five miles, he would do his chores around the house, shower, eat breakfast, and then he would head out and start doing his yard work jobs for his customers.  That would take the rest of the day.
He had added on more customers that summer, and now he was glad he had, because it kept him busy and he had less time to miss Shelly.  He was glad that Shelly was having a good time, but he still missed her.
  Jess had also started a weight-training program, to get ready for football in the fall.  He grew a few more inches that summer, and he was now two inches shy of six feet, and still growing.  He was also putting on weight, mostly muscle.  The highlight of Jess’s day was when he checked the mail and found a letter from Shelly.  He also looked forward to her phone calls.  
 Shelly called her parents each night, and they never mentioned the journals.  Elanna and April asked questions about Jess, but when they saw how sad Shelly got after talking about him, they realized how much she missed him, and they would quickly change the subject. 
Shelly and her friends were so busy, and were staying up so late, that Shelly had forgotten about the notebooks.  It had been six weeks since she had discovered them and Shelly had not even opened them.  It was 10:00 p.m. and even though she was tired, when she found the notebooks in the back of the drawer, she sat down and started reading them.  
  The first entry was written on her mom’s fourteenth birthday.  Abby Johnson wrote about her “Coming of Age” dinner that she had cooked for her parents, grandparents and her four sisters.  Shelly had not even known that her mom had sisters.  Shelly couldn’t put the notebooks down.  She kept reading.  
  At age 15, Abby’s father walked out on her mother and the family.  He left a note saying he had to get away, that he felt too tied down.  The family was living in Los Angeles at the time.  Abby was very angry and hurt.  She adored her father, and could not believe that he would just leave them like this.  
  About eight months later, Abby’s mom started dating a man whom she had met.  Abby did not like this guy at all, but she did not say anything, because her mother was happier than she had been in quite a while. 
  When Abby was 16, her mother’s boyfriend moved into their house.  Late one evening, while her mother was working, Abby saw the boyfriend steal some money from her mother’s desk.  Abby knew that the money was her mom’s secret Christmas money.  The boyfriend turned around and saw Abby standing there.  Abby could see that he had been drinking. Abby had suspected he had a gambling problem for a while now.  He threatened that if Abby said anything to her mom, that her mom or her sisters may have an “accident.”  He suggested that it might be time for Abby to leave home for good. 
Abby was terrified, for herself, and what he may do to her family, if she did not leave.  She packed some clothes, and her journals, the bible her mom had given her for confirmation, and what little money she had saved up, and she left. 
Abby did not know where to go.  She got on a city bus and she tried to figure out what she was going to do.  She got off the bus at a park several miles from her house, and found and abandoned building and lied down and fell asleep. 
The next morning, she awoke cold and hungry.  She started walking and found a homeless shelter.  She said she was 18, and they believed her.  She got something to eat, and a room to stay in.  She called her house and her mom’s boyfriend answered.  Abby asked to speak to her mom.  He told Abby that she would be wise to never call again, and then he hung up.  
  Whenever Abby called over the next several days, the boyfriend would always answer and Abby would hang up. Abby started looking for a job, since she was almost out of money.  She was hired as a sales clerk at Wal-Mart, saying that she was 18.  She started saving her money.  After a few weeks, she tried calling her mother again.  Her mom’s phone had been disconnected.  Abby took a bus to her old neighborhood and found that her family and her mom’s boyfriend had moved away a couple of weeks earlier.  There was no forwarding address.  Abby was devastated.  
  Abby kept working, and was able to find a cheap apartment. She became friends with another employee at Wal-Mart, John Collins.  John was there for Abby.  He tried to help her find where her family had moved.  If John had not been there, Abby may have tried to end her life, as she had become very depressed.  
  Over the next several months, Abby and John became very close.  On Abby’s 18th birthday, John proposed.  Abby said she needed a few days to think about it.  She realized that if she and John were to have a chance of a happy life together, she would have to stop searching for her family.  It had been almost two years and she had searched for them with no success.
  Shelly was crying as she read her mother’s journals.  She now realized why her mom never talked about her family.  It had been too painful for her to relive those days.  Shelly began to read the final entry in the last journal. 
“Dear Journal, John asked me to marry him.  I really love him, and want to marry him.  If we are to be truly happy, I have to let go of my old life, and start a new life with John.  It is not fair to him, if I am always thinking about my lost family.  Therefore, I must say goodbye to my family for the last time.  It will be the most difficult thing I have ever done, but it is definitely for the best.  Goodbye to my old life, as Abigail Johnson, and hello to my new life as Abigail Collins.  Goodbye to my grandmother - Elizabeth Parker.  Goodbye to my mother Sara Johnson, I hope you find true happiness and I hope that someday you can forgive me for running away.  Goodbye to my sisters Becky, Colleen, Danielle and Emma.  I will always love you and I hope that someday, you will forgive me for abandoning you and not being there to protect you.”  
  Shelly put down the journals and started screaming: “I found them, I found them, Oh, my God, I found them.”  
It was 2am and Shelly’s screams had awakened everyone in the house.  April, Elanna and Elanna’s parents all came running into the room to see what the screaming was about.  
Shelly had not told anyone about her mom’s journals.  She quickly explained about her mom’s troubled teenage life. 
“But, why did you scream?” asked Elanna. 
 “When I was at the Los Angeles airport, the two ladies, who I talked to, were Sarah Johnson and Elizabeth Parker.  I was talking to my grandmother and my great-grandmother and I did not even know it.  It was not an accident that I went to the wrong gate.  I was destined to go to that gate, to connect with those two people.  I have the chance of reuniting my mom with her family.” Shelly explained, now out of breath.  
Elanna’s mom spoke up “But how will you find them?  You don’t know where they live.”
“They were flying to San Diego.  I can start checking telephone directories and the Internet,” said Shelly. 
Everyone was looking at Shelly as if she were crazy.  
“I have to try,” said Shelly.  I will do whatever it takes to help my mom become truly happy again.”
“Well, we will all help you, but after all of us get some sleep,” said Elanna’s mom.  Shelly did not think she could sleep, but eventually she dozed off.
Chapter 11
  The next day, the five of them started searching for Sarah Johnson and Elizabeth Parker.  They found nothing in San Diego, but when they started searching the surrounding towns, they found an address in La Jolla, California that had a listing for Charles and Sarah Johnson, and also for an Elizabeth Parker at the same address.  
“This has to be them,” said Shelly excitedly.  “We have to go see them today.”  
Elanna’s mom started to disagree with Shelly, but Shelly begged,
 “Please, this is very important to me.  A part of my mother has been missing for 24 years.  This is something that I have to do, not just for me, but for both of us.”  
Elanna’s mom finally relented.  “I’ll get the keys, we can take the van,” The five of them got into the van and headed to La Jolla.  Shelly brought the journals to help explain any questions that might come up.  
  When they arrived at the address, Shelly insisted on going into the house alone.  Shelly knocked on the door and a distinguished man with gray hair answered the door.  Shelly asked if Mrs. Johnson and Mrs. Parker were home.  
“They are out right now, but I expect them home any time.  You can wait for them if you wish,” said the man.  
  After they had sat down; the door opened and in walked Mrs. Johnson and Mrs. Parker.  When she saw Shelly, Mrs. Johnson asked, “Shelly, what are you doing here?  How did you know where we lived?”
 “It’s a long story” said Shelly.  I think we should all sit down first.” After they had all sat down, Shelly asked, “This may sound like a strange question, but do you have a daughter named Abigail Johnson?” 
 Mrs. Johnson got a strange look on her face and said, “Yes, we do, but she ran away more than 20 years ago, and we haven’t seen or heard from her since.”  Shelly started to get tears in her eyes.  In a very shaky voice, Shelly replied, “Abigail Johnson Collins is my mother.  I believe you are my grandmother.” 
 For a moment, no one moved.  They looked stunned.  Shelly showed them the journals.  Mrs. Johnson started reading them. She recognized her daughter’s handwriting.  She started crying and pulled Shelly close, and started hugging her. When Mr. Johnson hugged Shelly, she pulled away.  
“I ‘m your grandfather” he said.  
“I thought that my mother’s father ran out when she was 15," said Shelly.  
“I did,” he replied.  “It was the biggest mistake of my life. I finally found my family again and your grandmother gave me another chance.  That was 23 years ago, and we have had a happy marriage ever since.  We just celebrated our 42nd wedding anniversary last month.” After hearing that, Shelly gave him a big hug.
After Shelly hugged her great-grandmother, Mrs. Johnson brought out lemonade and cookies.  Then Mrs. Johnson answered Shelly’s questions.  
After Abby had left, Mrs. Johnson’s boyfriend had convinced her mother that Abby had stolen the missing money and ran away.  Shortly after that, he convinced Mrs. Johnson that they should move.  They moved to San Diego.  
Within six months, he was drinking and gambling so much, that Mrs. Johnson kicked him out.  Shortly after that, Mr. Johnson located them and they reconciled.  They had always hoped that Abby would contact them, but over the years, they had lost hope. 
Abby’s parents had a good life together, raising their four remaining daughters and made a good life for them.  
Shelly filled them in on her parent’s life for the past 25 years or so, as well as herself. 
“Do I have any cousins?” asked Shelly.  
“Yes, you have 13 cousins, eight girls and five boys, ranging in age from nine to fifteen,” replied her grandmother.
  By now, April and Elanna and Elanna’s parents had come into the house and Shelly made the introductions.  Shelly’s Grandmother invited them to stay there for the night.  
The next day, Shelly’s aunts, uncles, and all of her cousins came over for a big family gathering.  There were plenty of tears, and hugs.  Elanna’s parents drove back to Santa Barbara and let Elanna and April, stay with Shelly.  
Shelly had lived 14 years without having any extended family. She was having a blast. It was like one big slumber party.  Over the next two weeks, they stayed at her grandmother’s house, as well as the houses of her cousins.  Shelly was having the time of her life.  
  Shelly and her grandmother had agreed that they would explain everything to Shelly’s mom on her 40th birthday on August 10th.
Shelly called her mother and told her that she wanted her to come to Santa Barbara so they could be together for her 40th birthday.  Shelly told her mom that she had a special gift for her.  Shelly told her dad to make sure that they came.  Her mom agreed to meet Shelly at Elanna’s house on August 10th.  Shelly’s grandparents and great grandma would be hiding in another room and would come out at the appropriate moment.  The next day, they would all drive out to La Jolla to meet the rest of the family.  

Chapter 12
  The big day finally arrived.  As Shelly’s parents pulled up in front of the house, Shelly hugged her grandmother; they both had tears in their eyes.  This meant a lot to them, as it would to Shelly’s mom. Then her grandparents and great-grandmother hid in the other room.  Shelly opened the door and hugged her parents as they entered the house.
Shelly’s mom saw the journals on a table.  She got a nervous look on her face and asked, “Have you read these yet” 
“Yes,” answered Shelly.  
“Do you have any questions for me?” asked her mother.  “Yes,” replied Shelly.  “Why did you leave your family?” 
“Well,” her mother began, when your grandfather left us, your grandmother was devastated and it took her a long time before she was able to get on with her life.  When she found a boyfriend who seemed to make her happy, I knew I could not take away that happiness.  Just because I did not like the guy, I didn’t have the right to ruin her relationship.  I left because I was a mixed-up kid and when I did finally get the nerve to call, he would always answer and hang up.  By the time I got the courage to go by the house, they had moved with no forwarding address.  I tried to find them for a long time without success.”
  “Meanwhile, I had met your father and we had fallen in love.  I could feel a strain in our relationship, even though he said he wanted me to keep searching for my family, I thought I would lose him unless I put my old life behind me.  I was 16.  I made a few bad choices.”
By now, Abby was crying.  “It was the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do.”  
“Why didn’t you ever tell me all of this?” asked Shelly. 
“Because I was ashamed of what I had done,” said Abby.  “I abandoned my family.  I have lived with my mistakes, for the past 24 years.  My family must hate me”
By now, Shelly was wiping away her own tears. 
“Mom, I have the ultimate birthday gift for your 40th birthday.  You gave me the greatest thing in the world.  You gave me life and raised me to be a well-adjusted teenager.  Now, I have something to give you,” said Shelly. 
Behind Abby, a door opened and Abby heard a familiar voice: “We could never hate you, Abigail.  We never stopped loving you.”  
Abby spun around and saw her mother standing there crying.  Abby ran to her and threw her arms around her mother.  They were both crying like babies now.  
Then Shelly hugged them both.  Abby turned to her daughter and said, “Shelly, this is the best gift that I have ever received in my life.  Thank you!”  
  Then, Abby’s father came out and said, “Do you have any hugs for your old man?”  Abby was stunned for a moment, and her mother said.
 “It’s ok, Abigail, I forgave your father 23 years ago and we have been together ever since.”  
Abby hugged her father, then saw her grandmother standing there, and gave her a big hug. “Oh. Grandma, I missed you so much.”  She said.  
  The rest of the day was spent catching up on the past 24 years.  The next day, they went to La Jolla and Abby was reunited with her sisters and met her brothers-in-law, nephews, and nieces.  Abby felt like a weight had been lifted off her shoulders.  John had never seen Abby looking so radiant. He had never seen her so happy.  She had lived with the guilt for so long.  It was as if she had been reborn.  
  The next few days were like a blur.  Shelly had an extended family now.  Nothing could make her feel sad.  Then her parents asked her how she would feel about moving back to California. 
 Shelly was speechless for a moment.  Two to three years ago, Shelly would have said yes, at once.  “My home is in Harrison now,” she said.  “I am not moving again.”, “You took me away from my home and friends three years ago and at the time I hated it.  Now, I love my life in Indiana.  Everything is going great for me. I want to finish high school in Harrison.  If you want to move back to California after that, then I will be fine with your decision.  I can’t leave my friends especially Jess and I won’t leave them.”
  Shelly’s grandmother walked in the room.  She had heard the entire conversation.  “Shelly is right” she said. “You can’t uproot her again.  Your father and I are both retired now and we have done well for ourselves.  We live very comfortably.  We can spend 2-3 months each year In Indiana.  We will always be a part of your life now.  You also can come to California and visit us out here.”  
“Please do not uproot Shelly again.  When I first saw Shelly on television, I realized what a remarkable young woman she was.  That was before I knew she was my granddaughter.  Since I have gotten to know her over the past few weeks, I realize she is so much like you.  She knows what she is doing.”  
John and Abby knew that she was right. Abby looked at her daughter and realized that she was growing up.  In the past few months, she had gotten taller and her body had filled out.  She now stood 5'8" tall and she had a very attractive figure.  
“I think that we might persuade Dr. Taylor to take off your braces a week early, and if you still want contact lenses, we can get those as well,” Abby told her daughter.  
Shelly was ecstatic. “Thank you so much Mom.” 
Chapter 13
The next day, Shelly and her parents said goodbye to April, Elanna, and their parents. Then they said goodbye to Abby’s family and flew back to Harrison.  Jess and his parents were on vacation in New York.
  That week was very busy for Shelly.  After she got her braces off, and got her contact lenses, she and her mom went shopping for new clothes.  Then Shelly and her mom spent an entire day at a spa getting manicures, pedicures, haircuts and massages.  Shelly was feeling good about herself and life.  
  Jess and his family got back late Saturday night.  The first time Jess and Shelly saw each other was at church the next morning.  They almost did not recognize each other.  Jess just stood there and stared at Shelly.  She was taller, and the dress she wore outlined her new shape.  Her glasses and braces were gone.  Her hair was longer, and shining.  Her complexion had cleared up and was without a blemish.  He had never seen such a pretty girl.  
  “You are beautiful Shelly, like a butterfly who has shed her cocoon.”  Then he quickly added, “But, you are still more beautiful on the inside.”  
“Thank you, Jess.  You’re not so bad yourself.”  Shelly replied.  Jess was taller, and his chest and shoulders were more muscular.  
When Jess smiled at Shelly, with his big brown eyes, Shelly got weak in the knees.  
Jess and Shelly decided to join the church choir when they realized how much they liked singing.  
  After church was over, Jess and Shelly walked home together.  Shelly threw her arms around Jess, gave him a big hug, and said, “I’ve missed you so much.  Letters and phone calls just aren’t the same, as being with you” Jess admitted that he felt the same way.  
  The first day of high school was the next day.  All the guys were noticing Shelly as if for the first time.  Jess felt a twinge of jealousy, but he was glad to see her smiling and happy. “It‘s about time she was treated decently by the kids at school,” he thought.  
During their freshman year, Shelly took algebra, biology, home economics, P.E., English, keyboarding, and Yearbook; she was also on the newspaper staff as a photographer.  
  Jess took algebra, biology, wood shop, P.E., English, art, orchestra, and graphic design.  He played football in the fall, basketball in the winter and ran track in the spring.  
Shelly joined the swimming team and the girl’s track team.  Both Jess and Shelly joined the Equestrian Club.  Shelly was on the debate team, and Jess worked with the Drama Club; drawing and painting scenery.  
  Even though the school and teachers were new to them, high school was exciting and challenging for Jess and Shelly.  The staff was excellent.  
The newspaper advisor was Mrs. Arnolt.  Mr. Butz taught orchestra and Mrs. Hassler taught chorus.  The wood shop teacher, Mr. Jim Richards was patient and understanding.  The Home Ec. teacher, Mr. Tim J. Cooke used to be a chef before he became a teacher.  The math teacher, Mrs. Sue Barrett made algebra fun.  Ms. Ellen Tyler was the English teacher and had a way of getting everyone interested in literature.  The P.E. teacher Mr. Anthony Kirkman was fair, gave everybody a chance to play, and encouraged the students who were not as athletic.  Shelly had met the school nurse, Mrs. JoAnn Baker, when Shelly had slipped on a wet floor and hurt her ankle. 
When she started the school year, she met with the principal, Mrs. Sharon L. Gardener. Mrs. Gardener had wanted to meet Shelly after reading so much about her the previous year. 
There was one staff member who touched the lives of almost every student at one time or another.  She was Miss Louise H. Heald, the school librarian.  She was 70 years old had been at the school for more than 50 years.  Miss Heald gave advice without the students knowing she was giving advice.  
  In November of that year, one of Shelly’s horses was having a hard time delivering her foal, so Shelly’s dad called their veterinarian.  Shelly watched as the veterinarian saved the life of the mare and its foal.  When Shelly told the story to Miss Heald, she gave Shelly some books on veterinary medicine to read. It was at that point that Shelly knew she wanted to be a veterinarian when she grew up.  
  Jess and Shelly stayed busy with school, and choir at church. In addition, Shelly was also active in girl scouts and 4H.  Shelly also practiced piano and was very good.  
Jess was just as talented, on the violin.  They were active in sports and they worked odd jobs now and then.  Shelly babysat, and Jess did yard work and odd jobs for neighbors, and shoveled snow.  Shelly campaigned for and was elected 9th grade President.  
  Jess and Shelly were alike in many ways.  They both liked Christian music, dogs, horses, gardening, and singing.  They both volunteered at church and the public library.  
They were also different in many ways.  Jess’s room was always a mess and Shelly’s room was always neat and organized.  Shelly loved to cook, and Jess loved to eat.  
Neither of them was ready to date yet and anyway their parents would not let them date until they were 15.  After four years, Jess and Shelly were still best friends.  
  Their freshman year flew by, and soon it was over.  Shelly got a part time job working for a local veterinarian in town.  Besides assisting around the office, she learned more about taking care of animals.  
Jess was looking for a job, when the P.E. coach at the elementary school offered Jess a job helping to coach kids at a local camp that the coach helped run during the summer.  
Jess accepted the job offer and after a few weeks, Jess knew what he wanted to do for a career.  He had been thinking about going into graphic design, but now, he knew that he wanted to work with kids.  He wanted to be an elementary P.E. teacher when he got out of college.
 When he thanked the coach for the job, the coach told him to thank Miss Heald, since she was the one who recommended him for the job.  Another life touched by Miss Heald.  
 Jess and Shelly, still found time on weekends and evenings to be together, despite their jobs.  They went riding, swimming, went on picnics, listened to music, and went to the movies. 
Shelly’s mom had to work during the day, but her dad worked out of their home and Shelly helped him take care of the horses and sometimes she gave riding lessons to kids.
 For a week of the summer, they went with a group of kids from their church along with Pastor Jill to Biloxi, Mississippi to help repair homes in a poverty-stricken neighborhood.  Jess and Shelly loved going on these mission trips, as they really enjoyed helping others in need.  They were both filled with the love and compassion when they saw the gratitude on the faces of the people whom they were helping.  .
  Shelly’s grandparents spent two months in Indiana that year, one month in the fall and one month in the spring.  Jess had one grandfather in his 80's, who lived in Harrison, and another set of grandparents who lived in Florida, and visited for a few weeks in the summer.  
Shelly loved spending time with her newfound grandparents.  They met Jess and liked him immediately.  
Chapter 14
  The biggest excitement for Shelly and Jess that summer came to them by accident. Jess and Shelly were at Jess’s house in the den on the second floor, listening to music and they started to dance.  Shelly slipped and fell against a built-in bookcase.  The bookcase moved slightly. 
Jess and Shelly looked more closely and saw that they could slide it into the wall like a door and that there was a room behind it.  The house had been built in the 1840's by Jess’s great, great, great, great grandfather, but Jess was not aware of any secret rooms, neither was his father, or his grandfather. 
Together, Jess, Shelly, and Jess’s parents entered the room.  At one end, there were shelves with wooden boxes on them with dates written on the ends. 
Jess took down the first one.  It had the dates 1626-1675 on it.  The box was made of oak and it was polished.  There was a wax seal all around the box.  When Jess got the box open, he found stacks of papers and notebooks with writing on them.  They were journals.  The date the first one was started was April 2, 1626.  It was written by William Thompson.  It told of his decision to take his family to the new world. There were entries made for every important event in his life.  William Thompson was a direct ancestor of Jess.  The diaries continued with all of the succeeding descendants through 1930. 
Jess figured that the room must have been closed off in 1930.  This was a history of his family back to the year 1626.The journals covered the first Thompson to come to America in 1626, through the Revolutionary war, the Civil War, and up until 1930.  Jess’s dad had in his possession, journals dated from 1931- present.  Now, they had the complete family history back to 1626 in England.  
  There were other heirlooms in the room, including a bible published in 1530 in London with family names, dates and events listed through 1626.  Other items, included silver bowls and trays, and a silver tea service set from the 1700's to the 1800's. 
There were also U.S. postage stamps dating back to 1847.  Most of them were in mint condition.  There were several $5.00 stamps from 1893 commemorating the 400th anniversary of Columbus’s discovery of America.  There were also five of each denomination of coin minted from 1680 to 1930, all in mint condition.  
  Jess found a trunk in the corner that was smaller than the rest, and it was locked.  When he was able to pry it open, he got a big surprise.  It was filled with hundreds of baseball cards dating from the 1840's to 1930.  As he was going through some of them, He found that he had baseball cards that came in cigarette packages from 1909-1911.  The sets are referred to as T-205 and T-206 series. 
 One of his ancestors must have been a big baseball fan. Jess was also very excited to find that he had five cards of Honus Wagner.  One of those cards had recently sold at an auction for more than $400, 000.
  All five of his were in mint condition.  Jess’s parents let him have the baseball card collection, since his father and grandfather had already given him their collections, which were quite valuable.  Jess’s card collection was now worth a lot of money, not that he planned to ever part with them.  
There were also a number of family photographs from the 1850's to 1930, including tin type photographs.  There were also hundreds of photos of Harrison from the 1850's through the 1930's.
 On the other side of the room were six large cedar trunks.  Three of them contained old quilts.  In one of the trunks was a ledger with “quilt book” written on the cover.  Inside the book, a diagram of each quilt was shown, with the date it was made, by whom, and what garments were used to make it.  According to the book, there were 30 quilts made between 1840 and 1930, by six generations of women from the Thompson family.
  In the other three trunks, were old military uniforms some officer and some enlisted ones.  They dated as far back as the Revolutionary War through World War I. Attached to each one was a note with the name and rank of the family members that wore the uniforms, their dates of service, branch of service, and regiment/unit. 
  There were also clothes from the past 200 years, as examples of the era’s clothing. There was a large wooden box that was filled with dolls, some of which were home made, and someone had attempted to date them, as there was a piece of paper pinned to each of them with the approximate date it was from and who it had belonged. There were dolls from the early 1600's through the 1920's.  Shelly was fascinated by the collection.  Jess’s family must have been interested in preserving history.
  The family was excited about this treasure trove of family history.  Jess’s father had stamps, coins, uniforms and quilts dating from 1931 to present.  Jess’s father guessed that for some reason, his grandfather closed up the hidden room in 1930 and died before telling anyone about it.  
  The family decided to lend the quilts and uniforms as well as the historical photos of the town/county to the County Historical Museum, so that everyone could see these historical items.  Because the uniforms, clothing and quilts had been stored in cedar trunks in a dark place for so long, they were in remarkable condition, with the colors still vibrant. 
 Also, inside the trunk were some old tin soldiers, and some clay Trojan soldiers.  
  Mr. Thompson took the journals to a museum where the journals were preserved.  Each page was photographed onto microfiche as well as transcribed into type print.  The original journals were then put in safe storage.  After doing research, they discovered that the coins and stamps were worth well more than a million dollars.  They were put in safety deposit boxes until the family could decide what they would do with them.
  Jess and Shelly spent many days looking at all of the photos and journals.  Jess had never been too interested in history, but when history was written from his ancestors’ perspective and in their handwriting, Jess felt that he was reliving history.  
Jess and Shelly took turns reading the journals aloud to each other.  When Jess looked at the quilts that his ancestors had made over the past 150 years and the uniforms they had worn over the past 200 years, it made him feel proud to be a “Thompson.”
Chapter 15
  For Jess and Shelly, life was going great.  As they started their sophomore year of high school, everything was falling into place.  
Even though Jess was just a sophomore, he was starting on the varsity football team.  He was 5'11" and weighed 210 pounds, almost all muscle.  He was the best quarterback on the team.  He was first string Violin in the high school orchestra.  His grades were very good.  He had ended his freshman year with a 3.8 GPA.  In wood shop, he was making his mom a nice china cabinet.  He sang in the church choir and did volunteer work with youth sports on weekends.  He had a part time job tutoring junior high students after football practice.  
Shelly was elected class president, and was the assistant editor of the school newspaper.  She had a beautiful voice and sang in the high school choir which was taught by Mrs. Dwyer, and Dr. Dimmick (Mrs. Hassler had transferred to Paterson Junior High), as well as in the church choir which was led by Mr. Petty.  She had many solo parts in both choirs.  She played the piano like a concert pianist.  In Home Ec., she was cooking gourmet meals, and beginning to design and sew her own creations.  
Shelly was one of the fastest swimmers on the swim team.  
Besides taking a zoology course, she was reading as much about veterinarian medicine and animals as she could.  She had ended her freshman year with a 4.0 GPA, and was taking mostly honors classes.  Like Jess, she tutored junior high students.  She also babysat sometimes on weekends. Besides being active in her Girl Scout troop, she was also helping with Brownie Scout troop 215.  
  Shelly and Jess, had now both reached the age where they were allowed to date.  Shelly was hoping that Jess would be the first guy to ask her on a date.  It took her by surprise, when Joe McCormack, a junior on the football team asked her out to a movie and pizza.  She did not see any harm in it, and the guy was kind of cute, so she accepted.  
  Joe had his own car, and he would pick her up and drive to the movie.  Later that day, Shelly mentioned to Jess that she and Joe were going to a movie Friday evening. Shelly was hoping that Jess would be a little jealous. Jess felt like he had been kicked in the stomach.  He tried to smile and told Shelly to have a good time. Shelly was disappointed that Jess did not seem to mind that she was going out on a date with Joe.  However, in actuality, Jess was hurting.  He wanted to ask Shelly out on a date, but they were best friends and Jess did not want to risk losing her as a friend.  Now, he felt like a big fool for not asking her. 
  When Shelly and Joe went out Friday evening, everything went smoothly.  The movie was great.  The pizza was delicious.  However, then on the way home from the restaurant, Joe pulled the car into a deserted park, and started getting too aggressive.  
Shelly told Joe that she was not ready for any of that yet.  When Joe persisted, Shelly asked him to take her home.  
Joe drove her home, not saying another word to her.  Joe was angry that Shelly had pushed him away.  
  After football practice on Monday, Joe started making up a story about him and Shelly doing a lot more that they did. 
 Jess overheard the conversation and when he found Joe, Jess demanded that Joe take back what he said, and tell the truth.  Jess had not talked to Shelly since the date, but he knew that Shelly was a lady and would not do the things that Joe said they did. 
When Joe refused, Jess was so angry, he did not think, he just hit Joe in the mouth and then in the gut.  Joe got in a few punches, but Jess was bigger and stronger than he was, and Joe finally gave up and told the truth, to everybody there, that Shelly had pushed him away and that nothing had happened.  
  Shelly had heard rumors that Jess and Joe were in a fight, but she did not have all the facts.  When she found Jess, she demanded an explanation.  Jess knew that the truth would embarrass Shelly, so he just said that they just had a disagreement.  
Shelly got angry and said: “You can’t beat up a guy just because he takes me out.  If you had asked me out yourself, then maybe, I wouldn’t have gone out with him” 
Jess did not know what to say.  He was hurt that Shelly could even think that he would hit a guy out of jealousy.  Jess became a little angry, and before he said something he might regret, he just turned and walked away.  
  After school, Jess started running around the track.  He needed some time to think.  He was upset.  After all these years, how could Shelly think those things about him?  
Jess cared a great deal for Shelly.  The truth was, Jess was in love with Shelly and had been since the first moment they met.  In the back of his mind, Jess had always known how he had felt about Shelly, but he was scared of losing their friendship, if she did not feel the same way.
  Jess kept running around the track. He had run more than five miles before he had cooled down enough to walk home.  
 Meanwhile, after school, Shelly was telling Mara what a jerk Jess had been.  Mara was shocked to hear Shelly talk that way about Jess.
  Shelly and Jess were closer friends than Mara and Shelly were.  Mara told Shelly that Jess only hit Joe, to protect Shelly’s reputation.  She proceeded to tell her the entire story.  After she heard the truth, Shelly felt ashamed about how she had talked to Jess and wondered if he would ever forgive her. 
  She was going over the confrontation with Jess, in her mind, as she walked home.  She looked up just in time to see a small girl start to cross the street by herself.  
Shelly saw two cars racing each other toward the intersection.  Without thinking, Shelly ran into the street and pushed the little girl out of the way, just as both cars ran the red light.  The girl was thrown free, but one of the cars hit Shelly and she was thrown twenty feet into the air like a rag doll and landed, motionless in the street. Shelly heard someone say “Call 911,” just before she lost consciousness.  
An ambulance took Shelly to the hospital and Shelly’s parents were called as well.  They rushed to the hospital.  Jess’s parents waited until Jess got home from school, which was thirty minutes later.  They told Jess that Shelly had been hit by a car.  Jess was horrified.  Jess said he would drive, but his parents knew that Jess was in no condition to drive. The three of them drove to the hospital.
Chapter 16
	  When they arrived at the hospital, the doctor had just come out to talk to Shelly’s parents.  
“Mr. and Mrs. Collins, Shelly is still in surgery” said the doctor.  “She is in very critical condition.  She has a broken leg, broken ribs, internal injuries, a severe head injury and possible spinal injuries.  She is lucky that she is even alive.  The surgery will take a while. We will not know her prognosis until the surgery is over.  We are doing all we can for her,”  
As the doctor left, Shelly’s mom started to cry hysterically and Mrs. Thompson helped her to sit down and began comforting her.  Jess was in a state of shock.  He just stood there in disbelief.  “This can’t be happening,” thought Jess.  “Not my Shelly.” 
 Mr. Collins went over to Jess and his father and told them the details of the accident.  As he was talking, one of the teenagers who had been racing, the one who had hit Shelly, came up to Mr. Collins and started to say how sorry he was for the accident.  
Jess’s anger had reached the boiling point.  He grabbed the boy by the collar with both hands and slammed him up against the wall.
“Shelly may die because of your careless driving and stupidity,” he yelled. He kept slamming the boy up against the wall.  
If Jess’s dad and Mr. Collins had not pulled Jess off him, he may have killed the boy.  Mr. Thompson told the boy to leave while he had the chance.  
  Mr. Thompson held Jess tightly to his chest.  Jess started shaking and crying.
“She can’t die.  They have to save her, Dad,” said Jess between sobs. Mr. Thompson looked at his son and said, “You really love her, don’t you Jess?”  
“Yes” said Jess, “With all of my heart.  I think that I have always loved her, but I was afraid to say it aloud because I did not want to ruin our good friendship.  Now, I may never get the chance.”  
Mr. Thompson put his hand on Jess’s shoulder and told him: “The doctor’s are doing all they can for her.  All we can do now is to wait.”
  Jess got angry, slammed his fist on the wall and said, “No, I can’t sit here doing nothing.  God has to help her.  He owes her.  I am going to have a talk with him.”  
  Jess left the surgery waiting room and headed to the hospital chapel.  When he got there, he got on his knees and started praying as he had never prayed before.  
“God, I have tried to be the best Christian that I know how to be, but Shelly is even a better Christian than I am.  God, Shelly needs your help.  You cannot let her die.  She is closer to perfection than anyone else I know.  She is as decent and good of a person as they come.  She believes in you very deeply and loves you with all of her soul.  She attends church regularly because she loves to be in your presence.  She loves to sing in the choir, and praise your name.  She helps everyone she can.  Shelly does not have an uncaring bone in her body.” 
  Then, Jess started bargaining with God.  “God, I will do anything you want me to do.  I will be the best Christian that I can be.  Please let Shelly live.  Take me, instead of Shelly.  The world needs Shelly down here more than it needs me.  I know that you want angels in heaven with you, but we need angels here on earth too.  Shelly is my angel.  Please do not take her away from me.  Her parents love her, I love her, and almost everybody who knows her loves her and needs her.” 
  Jess’s emotions had taken over, and had turned to anger.  “Are you so merciless, that you would let this happen to her?  What kind of God are you that would let this happen to such a beautiful soul, when so many of the evil people of the world are allowed to live?”  
By now, Jess was shouting.  “It’s not fair.  It’s just not fair!”  Jess felt a hand on his shoulder and turned around to find Pastor Joe standing there.  He had been there for a while and had heard Jess’s prayers.
  “Why, Pastor Joe?  Why?  Why is God allowing this to happen?” asked Jess.  
“I don’t know Jess,” said Pastor Joe, “Maybe God has a plan for Shelly.”  Pastor Joe held Jess and Jess just let go of his emotions and started crying until there were no more tears left in him. 
Mr. Thompson came into the chapel and told them that Shelly had made it through surgery and that she was in the Intensive Care Unit.  She had only a 25% chance of recovery, because her head injury was so severe.  
When they arrived at the ICU, Jess saw Shelly hooked up to a bunch of tubes and IV’s.  She had a tube in her throat to help her breath.  
Mr. Collins told them; “Shelly is in a coma.  We just have to wait, and hope she comes out of the coma soon.” 
“What if she doesn’t?” asked Jess.  
“The longer she is in a coma, the lesser the chances of her ever waking up again,” said Mr. Collins.  
“Can I sit with her for a while?” asked Jess.  
The nurse started to say no, but the doctor saw that Jess was hurting and told him it would be o.k. 
Mr. Collins went to check on his wife, who had to be sedated because she had become so hysterical.  Jess sat in a chair beside Shelly’s bed and held her hand; He started talking to her, hoping that she would wake up.  Jess had never been so scared in all of his life.  If he lost Shelly, life would have no meaning for him.
  The next day, the President, who had been campaigning in Indianapolis, was informed of the accident, by his Chief of Staff.  When the president heard it was Shelly Collins, he immediately headed for Harrison.  When he arrived at the ICU, he saw Jess holding Shelly’s hand and he was talking to her.  
When Jess saw the President, he said, “Look who came to see you Shelly?  It’s the President.”  Jess was hoping that this would make Shelly wake up, but her body just laid there motionless.  Jess had been by her side almost constantly for the past 24 hours.  He looked exhausted and his eyes were red from crying.  
  “You must be Jess,” said the president, as he shook Jess’s hand.  “If there is anything I can do for you or Shelly’s family, just name it.
  “There is something you can do,” said Jess suddenly.  “I have been praying for the past 24 hours, and I do not think God is listening; Shelly needs more people praying for her.  Can you call a press conference, so that I can talk to the nation?”  
“There are a lot of people around the country who remember Shelly and, if they all pray together, maybe God would listen.”  
The President had talked to the doctors and they said that only a miracle could save Shelly now.  The president looked down at Jess holding Shelly’s hand and saw how much he cared about her.  There was no way that he could refuse his request.  
Chapter 17
  The press arrived and wanted to set up the cameras in front of the hospital.  Jess insisted that he would not leave Shelly’s side.  The doctors finally agreed to allow one TV camera in the ICU.  In Shelly’s room besides Jess, were her parents and her grandparents who had just arrived from California, that afternoon, Jess’s parents and Pastor Joe.  All TV stations interrupted their broadcasts for a special report. 
  The President addressed the nation: “I’m sure that most of you remember a girl named Shelly Collins, who got the nation’s attention two years ago, when, at age 13, she demanded that the country help our children.  In that first month alone, more than $50 billion was donated to children’s charities around the nation.  Now, Shelly needs our help.”
  “Yesterday afternoon, a four old girl wandered into a busy intersection, as two cars raced toward her.  Shelly, without thinking of her own safety, pushed the little girl out of the way and saved her life.  Shelly was not so lucky.  She was hit by one of the cars, and thrown 20 feet into the air, and fell to the pavement.”
 “After hours of surgery, Shelly remains in a coma.  Her prognosis is not good.  The doctors have informed me, that if Shelly does not wake soon, she may never wake up.  Shelly’s best friend Jess is with her and would like to say a few words to all of you.” 
The camera panned around to Shelly and Jess.  Jess was holding Shelly’s hand.  He looked at the camera and started to speak.  “You all know that Shelly is special, but you have no idea how special she is.  Shelly is kind, has a heart of gold, and would help anyone in any way that she could.  She has a beautiful soul and is the most gentle, caring, kind, generous, person that I have ever met.  She needs your prayers now.  I do not mean in an hour, tonight or tomorrow, but right this second.  Drop whatever you are doing, join hands with everyone else in the room and pray along with me.”  
In Santa Barbara, Elanna and April were with friends at a local pizza parlor when they saw Jess on TV.  Elanna told everyone to be quiet and hold hands.  Throughout the hospital, and throughout Indiana and around the country and at military bases around the world, millions of people from all lifestyles, rich and poor, Jewish, Christian, Muslim, Black, White, Hispanic, all started joining hands and praying along with Jess.  Jess’s parents, grandparents, the doctors and the President were holding hands.
  Jess held Pastor Joe’s hand in one hand and Shelly’s hand in his other hand, and then he began: “Dear God, please hear our prayers this evening.  Shelly needs your divine intervention to help her wake up.  These skilled doctors here have done all they can do.  The rest is up to you, oh Lord.  Shelly has so much love to give to the world, if she is only given the chance.  We love her and we are not ready to give her up yet.  She is only 15 years old.”
Jess began to cry.  “We beg you, God, to give Shelly another chance at life.  She deserves another chance. Shelly is the most beautiful soul I have ever known.  Please, dear God, don’t take her from us.  I beg you” 
Jess was now crying many tears, as was everyone else in the room, including the President.  Mara and Shelly’s friends in the waiting room and Elanna and April and their friends and people all over the world were crying as well.  Jess had never felt so helpless, and frightened. 
Then, Jess felt like someone had his or her arms around him.  He was suddenly filled with a calming peace he had never felt before.  Jess continued the prayer; “God, we place Shelly completely in your arms.  You know how we feel. It is all up to you now.  Amen.” Jess later swore he heard a voice say, “I hear you Jesse, my child.”  
Then, Jess felt Shelly squeeze his hand and he looked at her and she opened her eyes and looked up at him.  Jess hugged her and started crying and saying “Thank you God, for giving her back to us.”  Before the camera was turned off, Jess faced the camera and humbly thanked the nation for their prayers.  
“This proves what Shelly has always said, ‘that there is more ‘good’ in the world than ‘evil’.  You just have to look for it.’  Thank you all so very much.”  Jess said, through his tears.  Jess knew in his heart, that God had heard the prayers and had brought Shelly from the brink of death. It was a miracle.
Across the nation, there were plenty of hugs and a lot of crying.  People felt a renewed passion toward each other.  Jess hugged the President and thanked him.  The President told Jess and Shelly that they were lucky to have each other as best friends. 
 Shelly’s parents both hugged Jess and thanked him for never giving up on Shelly.  The doctor told Shelly he would take out the breathing tube out, but that she should not talk for a while, because her throat would be sore.  
After the tube was out, Shelly tried to talk.  Jess put his finger to her mouth and told her not to talk.  Shelly mouthed out the words “How is the little girl?”  
Jess replied, “She has a few scratches, and was a little shook up, but she is alive, thanks to you”.  Shelly let out a sigh of relief and smiled.  Shelly’s doctor examined her and said it was a miraculous recovery with no signs of brain damage or spinal cord injury.  
Then, he said, “I can’t take credit for this.  This was God’s work, not mine.”  Shelly was still weak and soon drifted off to sleep.  This time no one objected to Jess staying by her side.  He held her hand as she drifted off to sleep.  
Chapter 18
  Shelly’s voice woke Jess.  He had fallen asleep in the chair by Shelly’s bed, while holding her hand.  Shelly looked at Jess and smiled.
 “The President told me what you did for me, Jess,” she said.  “I want to thank you.”  She paused and then she continued: “I’m sorry for the things I said to you about the fight.  Mara told me the whole story.  I know that you were just trying to keep me from being humiliated.  Can you ever forgive me?” 
 “Only if you can forgive me for being such a jerk,” said Jess.  Shelly looked puzzled.  “What do you mean?” she asked him.  
  Jess looked more serious than Shelly had ever seen him look.  Jess began, “I want to say something to you that I should have said a long time ago.  The reason I didn’t, is because I didn’t want to risk our friendship.”  
  Jess paused for a moment, then took Shelly’s hand in his, looked deep into her eyes and said, “Shelly, I love you with all my heart.  I now realize that I have loved you from the moment we first met.  I almost lost you.  From now on, I promise to tell you my true feelings.  I have never met anyone as wonderful and special as you.”  
Shelly’s face started glowing with a radiance that Jess had never seen before.  “Oh Jess,” She began.  I’m so glad to hear you say that, because I have been in love with you for such a long time.” 
Just then, both sets of parents entered the room.  “Well, it’s wonderful to see you both smiling again,” said Shelly’s mom.  
Shelly spoke first, with tears in her eyes, “Mom, Jess loves me!” 
 “I know,” said her mom.  “I’ve known for quite a while now, after all, I am a mother”.  
  The doctor came in and said that he wanted to keep Shelly for a few days for observation.  She would have a cast on her leg for about eight weeks.  Shelly gave him a hug and told him thank you for everything that he had done for her.  
  Later that afternoon, while Jess and Shelly were talking, Joe McCormack walked into the room.  Jess got up and asked angrily “What are you doing here?  Haven’t you caused enough trouble already?”  
Joe looked like he was going to cry.  He looked at Shelly and said, “I want to apologize for the ugly rumor that I spread about you, Shelly.”
  Shelly could see that he was sorry.  Joe continued: “I also want to thank you for saving my little sister’s life.  She would’ve been killed, if you hadn’t pushed her out of the path of that car.”  
  Then, Joe’s mom and his little sister Caitlin entered the room.  Joe’s mom was crying as she thanked Shelly for saving her daughter’s life.  Caitlin came up, gave Shelly a hug, and thanked her.  She promised never to cross the street without an adult.  
  After they left, Shelly insisted that Jess go home, shower, get a decent meal and get some sleep.  She would not take no for an answer.
  Before Jess left, he leaned over and gave Shelly a gentle, but firm kiss.  Then he said, “This is not how I pictured our first kiss, but at least we will always remember it.  
The first thing that Jess did after he had gotten some much-needed sleep was to go to the bank.  He made a withdrawal from his savings account and had a cashier’s check made out to the hospital.  When he got to the hospital, he went to the director of the Pediatric Emergency Room and gave him the check for $8,000.  When the director asked, what it was for, Jess replied, “Shelly means more to me than anything else in the world.  I’d like to make this donation to the Pediatric Emergency Room, in her name.”  
  The director reluctantly accepted the check and thanked Jess.  Later when the director spoke to Jess’s parents, he told them about the donation.  
When Jess’s parents saw Jess, Jess’s dad asked, “Wasn’t that the money that you were saving up to buy a car?”  
Jess replied “Yes, but, I can save some more.”
“Are you sure about this?” asked his mom.  
“I have never been surer of anything in my entire life,” said Jess. 
 When the press found about Jess’s donation, they did stories on television news and in the papers.  Within days, more than $1 million in donations was received by the children’s hospital, all in honor of Shelly Collins.  
  Over the next several days, letters, cards and telegrams started pouring in from all over the world, for both Shelly and Jess.  There were so many flowers sent, that Shelly insisted they be delivered to children in hospitals throughout the city.  
  A week later, Shelly was released from the hospital.  Her right leg was in a cast.  She would not be able to participate in swimming or track for the rest of the year.  At school, there was always someone offering to carry her books, that is, when Jess was not there to do it for her. 
 Shelly went to all of Jess’s football games and later his basketball games and track meets.  They spent all of their free time together, listening to music, mostly Christian, but some Country, Jazz and soft Rock.  They also watched old movies on TV, and Jess even started liking the romantic ones as well.  Of course, they kissed and hugged a lot.  They could not have been happier.  
On the first Sunday that Shelly returned to church, Pastor Joe said a special prayer of thanks to God, for giving Shelly back to them.  The entire congregation welcomed her back.  
  Shelly got her cast off just before Christmas.  At the Christmas Eve service at church, Shelly sang a solo rendition of “Silent Night.” 
The church was very quiet as she sang.  The congregation had never heard the song sung more beautifully or with more feeling. Shelly’s eyes sparkled and her whole face was filled with love and devotion.  When she finished, she received a standing ovation.  The entire congregation was filled with love and compassion for each other.  
  The rest of the school year passed quickly.  Jess finished with a 3.84 GPA and Shelly maintained her 4.0 GPA.  That summer, Jess worked again as a camp counselor and coach.  Shelly worked for the same veterinarian as the summer before.  
For one week of the summer, they went with the church youth group to North Carolina, to help Habitat for Humanity build houses for the poor.  Shelly and Jess loved being able to give of themselves each summer.  
Chapter 19
  Before their junior year of high school had even started, Jess and Shelly were already getting scholarship offers from colleges around the country.  Shelly received them for her academics and leadership, and Jess received them for his athletic abilities as well as academics.  
Shelly got offers from Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Purdue and many others, including Oxford.  She eventually accepted one from Indiana University, for their strong Life Sciences program.  
Jess received offers from many schools, offering scholarships for track, football and basketball. He eventually decided on a basketball scholarship with Purdue University.  Jess was now 6'3" and still growing and weighed 220 pounds.  Later that year, when they took their S.A.T. exams, they both scored in the top 10% of the nation.  
  Their junior year started with a bang.  Shelly was elected vice president of the student body.  She was the editor of the school paper and president of the debate team.  She was still active in 4H, and the school choir.  She did not have time for sports, with most of her classes being honors classes. In Home Ec., she had become very good at sewing and design and was designing her own prom dress.  She was still a member of Girl Scout troop 125 and was an assistant troop leader of brownie troop 215.  
  Jess was in the orchestra for the third year, and a star player on the football, basketball and track teams.  Even though he was only a junior, he was made co-captain of the basketball team.  In wood shop, he was making his mother a dining room table and chairs to go with the china cabinet he had made the year before.  
He started a tutoring program at school, where students who were talented in certain subjects, would tutor other students, in exchange for free admission to sporting events, free lunch passes, etc.,  Jess and Shelly spent as much time together.  Even though they were now officially dating, they were first and foremost best friends.  They could not have been happier.


Chapter 20
The junior class met in February, to discuss Teacher Banquet Night.  This was a tradition at the high school, where each year, the junior class would prepare a dinner and entertainment for the faculty, administrative staff and their spouses.  It took place on the first Saturday in April.  In past years, the meals had been mostly simple dinners such as spaghetti, or hamburgers.
  This year the juniors wanted to do something with a little more class.  After several ethnic themes were suggested, Shelly suggested an international buffet theme, which would complement the several diverse cultures represented at the school.  Everyone quickly agreed. 
They had to prepare food for 250 people.  Chiaki and a few of her friends agreed to make Teriyaki chicken.  Athena and a few others volunteered to make Greek salad and pita bread.  Jess volunteered to make a large batch of barbecued pork from an old family recipe.  Other items on the menu included tamales, Filipino egg rolls, lasagna, fish and chips, bratwurst and sauerkraut, fried rice, curried lamb, and a few other dishes as well.  
The desert menu was equally as impressive and included baklava, tiramisu, cookies from many countries, and of course Shelly’s homemade peach pie.  The beverages would include coffee, iced tea, hot tea and milk.  
  As the month of April approached, the plans were coming together like clockwork.  One of the parents owned a formal wear shop and volunteered to lend out 50 tuxedos and formal gowns for the evening.  Anne, Lindsay and Lauren were in charge of the committee to decorate the gym.  Jess and Nancy drew the artwork.  Kevin, Sunny and Kimball made the centerpieces.  Stephanie, Rachel, Pete and Jake helped with the invitations.  Everybody was involved in the big night.  
  The entertainment would include musical numbers, famous couples throughout history, some spoofs on the teachers and staff and the grand finale would be the entire junior class singing “The Wind beneath My Wings” to the guests.  
  The big night finally arrived.  As each woman entered, she was presented with a corsage and each man received a white carnation. Students in tuxedos and formal gowns escorted each couple to their table.  
After Shelly welcomed everyone, the teachers served themselves from the buffet, and beverages were served at their tables.  Everyone was impressed with the variety as well as the quality of the food.  After everyone had been served dessert, the entertainment began.  
  The show started with musical numbers, singing, instrumentals, or both.  Jess and Shelly performed a musical duet, with Shelly on the piano and Jess on the violin, playing a classical piece.  Shelly also sang a solo of “Homeland.”  After she finished, the staff convinced her to sing another song and she chose “Let there be peace on Earth” for her next song.  .  
  The next part of the show was where the students did light-hearted spoofs of the teachers and staff.  The entire faculty and staff were practically rolling on the floor with laughter.  
Shelly did such a great impression of Miss Heald, complete, with a white wig and glasses, that Miss Heald had a tear in her eye as she hugged her.  
The final part of the show was famous couples throughout history.  The students dressed up and imitated famous couples, such as Napoleon and Josephine, Antony and Cleopatra, George and Martha Washington, George and Barbara Bush, and many more. They imitated more than 100 famous couples. 
 Shelly and Jess portrayed several couples including Abraham and Mary Lincoln, Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt, Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers and Roy Rogers and Dale Evans.  They received a stern look from the principal Mrs. Gardener when as Roy and Dale; they entered the gym on horses.  
The final couple of the evening was Jess and Shelly dressed as Sonny and Cher.  Shelly wore a long black wig and a sequined body tight dress.  Jess was on his knees so he would appear shorter than Shelly would.  However, with his costume, it appeared as if he was standing, and was much shorter than Shelly was.  They did a little comedy act and then sang the song “I Got You Babe” to each other.  They even sounded like Sonny and Cher.  The teachers and staff loved it.  
 Then, Shelly went to the podium to say a few words.  “It has been an honor for us to cook for you, serve you and entertain for you tonight.  You have taught us so much over the years and you have gone above and beyond what was expected of you.  We thank you.  We also want to thank your spouses for having to put up with all of the late nights you have stayed up grading papers and preparing lesson plans. As teachers, and staff, you have inspired us to find our purpose in life and then, you have helped us to reach our goals.  Long after we leave this school, we will remember all of you with fond memories.” 
While Shelly was speaking, the rest of the junior class had formed a semicircle behind her. 
Shelly continued; “We dedicate this final song to all of the hard working dedicated staff of Harrison High School” 
After the applause had died down, the entire junior class began to sing: “The Wind beneath My Wings.”  When they had finished, they received a standing ovation from the entire staff.  All of the women in the room had tears in their eyes as well as some of the men.  
  Jess, Mara, Shelly, and about 30 others stayed behind to clean up.  The principal, Mrs. Gardener came up to them as they were cleaning up and told them how proud she was of them.  “In my 20 years of coming to this event, this was the most heartfelt one ever.  The food was superb and the entertainment was fantastic.  It really made us feel appreciated.  
  Their junior year was coming to a close.  Shelly had recently been doubting her decision to be a veterinarian.  Since her accident, she had been thinking more and more about the doctors who had taken care of her.
  The idea of becoming a pediatrician had crossed her mind a time or two.  She was confused.  She talked to Miss Heald in the library about her dilemma.  Miss Heald told her “It comes down to a choice between working with animals, or with children.  You have to decide which one would make you feel more fulfilled and happy.” 
 Then, Miss Heald said “Try not to worry, Shelly.  The answer will come to you in time.”

Chapter 21
 One evening in early May, Jess asked Shelly if she would like to go to the Junior Prom with him.  
Shelly quickly answered, “Yes, you know I would.”  This would be their first formal dance.  Shelly had completed making her prom dress but would not let anyone see it until prom night, not even her parents.
 Jess wanted to make this night extra special for Shelly.  Many kids were renting limousines for the big night, but Shelly deserved something a little more personal and classy.  Jess finally decided on a horse drawn carriage.  
  He went to a place in town that rented them by the hour.  The cost of the carriage rental with a driver was more than the cost of a limo rental, but Shelly was worth it and he had a little money saved up.  The owner of the carriage rental business asked Jess for his name and the name of his lady friend.  Jess replied: “Well, my name is Jess Thompson and my lady friend’s name is Shelly Collins.”
The man behind the counter got a big smile on his face.  He said, “There will be no charge for the carriage, and you can have it for the entire afternoon and evening.  In fact, I will be your driver for the night and I will drive you and Shelly anywhere you wish to go.” 
Jess asked why it was free.  The man replied, “My name is Jack McCormack.  My daughter is Caitlin, the girl whose life was saved by Shelly.  My wife and I have been looking for a way to say thanks to her, and this will be just part of our gratitude.  We also own a flower shop in town.  My wife can help you put together the most exquisite corsage for Shelly, also free of course.”
  Jess offered to at least pay for the corsage, but was told that his money would not be accepted.  Jess and Mr. McCormack proceeded to plan the afternoon/evening of the Prom. 
The big day arrived.  Late in the afternoon, Jess and his parents walked next door to Shelly’s house.  Both sets of parents wanted pictures of them on this big night.  Jess looked quite handsome in his powder blue tuxedo.  As Shelly slowly walked down the stairs, Jess’s mouth dropped open and he was speechless.  When he finally got his voice back, he said “Wow! Shelly you are the most beautiful woman in the world.”  
  His parents agreed.  Shelly’s gown was even more elegant than the ones you would buy in a Beverly Hills boutique.  Shelly had a glow about her.  She was so happy to be going to the Prom with Jess.  
Jess opened the box with Shelly’s corsage, and pinned it on her dress.  “I thought this corsage was beautiful, but it pales in comparison to you.”  Shelly loved the corsage.  It was made with all of her favorite flowers. 
Their parents took what seemed like hundred’s of photos of the two of them.  When they had taken several photos, Shelly asked “Are you going to drive your parent’s car, Jess?”  
Jess answered, “Our transportation will arrive shortly.”  This made Shelly very curious, along with their parents.  A few minutes later, there was a knock on the door.  When Shelly answered the door, she saw a man wearing a white tuxedo with a white top hat.  “Your chariot awaits, my lady” the man announced. 
Shelly looked out in front of the house and saw a carriage being pulled by two white horses.  Shelly gave Jess a big hug and said, “Oh, Jess, I love it.  It’s perfect.”  
They both hugged their parents, said goodbye and then Jess helped Shelly into the carriage and sat down beside her.  Their parents caught everything on film.  Their first stop was at the lake.  Jess helped Shelly down and spread out a large blanket on the ground.  From the back of the carriage, he got a picnic basket and a CD player with some romantic CD’s.  The driver said he would be back in an hour and a half, and then he left. 
  Jess unpacked their dinner on the blanket.  The feast included homemade bread, assorted cheese, strawberries, grapes, fried chicken and lemonade.  The dishes were china and the glasses were crystal.  The napkins were linen.  There were extra napkins, to protect their clothes.  Jess put a CD in the player and they started eating.  Jess and Shelly had a great time.  They ate, listened to music and kissed.  After they were finished, they packed everything back up, and a few minutes later, their carriage arrived to take them to the Prom. 
The Prom was being held at a hotel in Harrison.  When they arrived at the hotel, the driver helped them down from the carriage, as several kids watched.  
Shelly felt like royalty as they walked into the Prom.  Several people complimented Shelly on her gown.  The room was beautifully decorated and the band was playing great music. Jess asked Shelly to dance and they headed out to the dance floor. 
They danced almost every dance, the fast ones and the slow ones.  Everything was just perfect.  Before they left the Prom, Shelly told Jess that she hoped the carriage rental did not cost him too much.  Jess told her the whole story about Mr. McCormack.  When he picked them up, Shelly thanked him for a wonderful evening.  
Mr. McCormack told Shelly “Caitlin is just finishing kindergarten.  She would not be here if you had not been there to save her.  We owe you so much for what you did.  This evening is just a small token of our appreciation.  We will never be able to thank you enough.” 
He hugged Shelly and then he helped her into the carriage.  It was a little chilly, so Jess got out a blanket and put it around Shelly and himself.  Then, he reached down and pulled out a thermos of hot chocolate and two mugs.  They drank the hot chocolate, as Mr., McCormack drove them around.  There was a full moon and it looked so big, they felt as if they could reach out and touch it.  The sky was full of millions of stars.  They went to a hill overlooking the city and looked out at all of the bright lights of the city.  Finally, they drove around the lake before heading home.  When Mr. McCormack dropped them off, in front of Shelly’s house, they both thanked him again, and then he drove off.  Shelly just stood there on the porch.  She was reliving the night in her mind.  She wanted to remember it forever.  She was thinking how perfect the evening had been when Jess put his arms around her and they kissed.  It was a perfect ending for a perfect evening.  
  Two days before school ended, Shelly and Jess overheard some disheartening news.  Miss Louise Heald, the high school librarian would be retiring at the end of their senior year.  
Miss Heald, was not just a librarian, she was an advisor, a counselor, someone who offered advice when needed, and just listened when someone wanted to vent.  She had been there for more than 50 years, and was as much a part of the school as the library itself.  
  Jess and Shelly knew that they had to something extra special to honor her, before she retired.  They came up with a plan and called a secret meeting of the junior class.  Jess and Shelly presented their idea to the class.  Everyone quickly agreed.  They had to keep it a secret from everyone, so that Miss Heald did not find out about it.  There was a lot of work to do and they could start working on it over the summer.  
Jess and Shelly met with the school superintendent to get permission to go ahead with the project.  Every year, the senior class had a project, which would leave some kind of legacy at the school to see for years to come.  The superintendent told them that for something this big, they would need to get the permission from the school board.  He arranged to set up a private meeting with them the next evening. After hearing their proposal, the school board president told them that they would have decision within two weeks.  
Chapter 22
  Soon, school was out for the summer.  Jess started working at the same day camp where he had worked during the two previous years.
  For Shelly, the summer would be quite busy, as she would have two part time jobs.  The first one was at the veterinarian’s office and the other was at the hospital that had taken care of her after her accident.  She would work in the emergency room as a patient transporter.  She was still trying to decide between a career in veterinary medicine and one in Pediatric medicine.  Hopefully, by the end of the summer, she would make her decision.  
  As it turned out, she would make her decision within a week. Three days after school was out, Jess and Shelly were taking a walk in the park in the late afternoon and they saw a boy of about twelve, fall out of a tree.  He fell more than 30 feet and landed on his back.  Jess and Shelly ran to the spot where he fell.  The boy was unconscious and his right leg was broken, with a bone sticking out through the skin.  There was blood spurting out from the leg wound.  From her first aid training in girl scouts, Shelly knew that this was arterial bleeding and was very serious.  
  Shelly sent Jess, to go call for help.  Shelly opened her purse, took out three sanitary napkins, opened them, placed them directly over the wound, and used the scarves that she was using for a belt, and tied the pads in place as tight as she could.  She slowed the bleeding down quite a bit.  Then, Shelly rolled up her jacket and very carefully slipped it under the boy’s neck and wrapped it around and tied it snugly to keep the neck immobilized, in case he had a neck injury.  
  The boy started gasping for breath and stopped breathing.  Quickly and carefully, Shelly opened his airway by pulling his jaw forward, without moving his neck.  She gave a few breaths and checked for a pulse.  The boy had a pulse, so Shelly kept giving him artificial respiration.  The boy started breathing on his own, just as Jess got there with the paramedics 20 minutes later.  Shelly told them that she had given rescue breathing for 20 minutes.  They put a tube down the boy’s throat to help him breathe better, and gave him oxygen through a mask.  They splinted his leg, and put more pressure dressings on his wound.  They put a cervical collar over the collar Shelly had made out of the jacket, and then slowly slid a backboard under him.  They loaded him in the ambulance and after getting Jess and Shelly’s names, the paramedics headed to the hospital.  
  Jess and Shelly ran home and then Jess got the keys to his mom’s car and they drove to the hospital.  When they asked the nurse at the emergency room desk about the boy’s condition, the nurse told him that he could only release that information to the boy’s family.
Shelly and Jess waited for two hours in the waiting room, hoping that someone would tell them how the boy was doing.  
  Finally, Dr. Owens came out to see them.  She asked Shelly where she had received her first aid training.  
“I learned first aid in the girl scouts,” said Shelly. “Will the boy be ok?”  
Dr. Owens was hesitant, but then she answered: “He is in critical condition, but at least he is alive, which he would not be, had it not been for your excellent care.  If you had not stopped his bleeding, and opened his airway and gave him artificial respirations, he would have died before the paramedics got to him.  You were wise to put your jacket around his neck to stabilize it, and to use the jaw lift to open his airway.  The boy has a broken neck, and if you had moved his neck at all, it may have severed his spinal cord and he would have died.  You did not move the boy at all, which was good, because he also has a broken back and he could have become paralyzed if you had moved him.  Not only, am I very proud of you, but, I am impressed with your ingenuity and resourcefulness as well.  Using, your scarf belt and pads to stop the bleeding was great, and using your jacket to keep his neck from moving, was perfect. 
You did exactly what I would have done if I had been in your place, and I have had years of medical training. You stayed calm and assessed the injuries in the correct order.  Have you ever thought about a career in Emergency Medicine?”  
  It was at that very moment, that Shelly had reached a decision about her future.  She replied; “I have been torn between Veterinarian Medicine and Pediatric Medicine.  However, after today, I have made my decision.  I want to become a physician specializing in Pediatric Emergency Medicine.”  
“You could not have made a better decision.  When you have finished medical school and are done with your residency, look me up.  I would be proud to work with you anytime,” said the doctor.
  Dr. Owens told Shelly and Jess to wait there for a few minutes.  When she came back ten minutes later, she had a man and a woman with her.  
Shelly and Jess recognized the man right away.  He was the school board president whom they had spoken with a few days earlier.  Dr. Owens introduced them to Shelly and Jess. 
 “Shelly, Jess, I’d like you to meet Brian’s parents Mr. and Mrs. McFall.  Their son Brian is the one who fell out of the tree.”
Mrs. McFall hugged Shelly so tight, she could not breathe.  “Thank you so much Shelly for saving our son’s life.  We’ve been told that if it hadn’t been for you, that Brian wouldn’t be alive now.”  
Then Mr. McFall said.  “Shelly, how can we ever repay you?”
  “There is one thing that I would like to ask of you as well as all of the medical staff,” said Shelly.  “I would like to have my name kept out of the newspapers.  Just say it was someone who wishes to remain anonymous.”  
Mrs. McFall spoke up, “But, you are a hero.  You should get a medal.”  Shelly replied.  “I am not a hero.  I was just in the right place at the right time, with the right training; knowing that I made a difference and saved a life, is reward enough for me.  Please, I have had my experience with the press and I could do without all that publicity.  Promise me!” 
Brian’s parents both agreed and Dr. Owens spoke up.  “I will make sure that all of the staff as well as the paramedics keep your name out of any statements they make to the press.”  
“Shelly, you amaze me.  You are more mature than people who are much older than you are.  You can work with me any time.”  
“Well, actually, I will get a chance to work with you,” said Shelly. “I start here tomorrow as a patient transporter.”  
Dr. Owens replied, “When you are not transporting patients, feel free to observe any of the doctors or nurses.  I know that they would love to teach you anything they can.”  
“Thank you!” said Shelly.  
  After the Dr. Owens went back to work, Mr. McFall said, “I wanted to talk to you both about your senior project.  The other board members and I have discussed it quite a bit and were concerned that it was too big a project for your class to take on.  However, after much discussion, we have decided to approve it, as long as the two of you are in charge of it.  After what has happened, I know we made the right decision.  I will send you the school alumnus database, so that you and the rest of your class can get an early start on it. I would like to make the first donation to the project.”  He then proceeded to make out a check for $5,000 to the Senior Project Fund.  
“I will help you set up an account for all of the incoming funds.  If there is anything else I can do, just let me know,” he added. 
“Remember, this is top secret,” said Shelly.  
“Mum’s the word,” he answered.  Then, both Mr. and Mrs. McFall hugged Shelly and Jess again and then went to be with Brian.  
  Shelly learned as much as she could from the doctors and nurses at the emergency room and they all took her under their wing and took a special liking to her, as did everyone who had the good fortune of knowing her.  
Shelly ended up quitting her job at the veterinarian’s office, so that she could work more hours in the emergency room.  The veterinarian - Dr. Rose, told Shelly that she understood, and that she was happy that Shelly had her career planned out already. 
  Jess and Shelly both took off two weeks from work, so that they could go with their church group to Mexico City, to help make repairs to school buildings.  Jess and Shelly both knew a little Spanish and spoke the language as much as possible while there.
Once they returned from Mexico, Jess and Shelly, as well as most of their classmates were hard at work on the senior project.  They were writing letters, making phone calls, sending e-mails and making a lot of deposits into the bank account that Mr. McFall had set up for them.  Jess and Shelly would be working together a lot their senior year.  Their common passion for the senior project brought them even closer together.
Chapter 23
  As their senior year began, there was so much going on.  Shelly had been elected president of the student council and Jess was elected president of the senior class.  
Shelly was the editor of the school newspaper, co-editor of the yearbook, captain of the debate team and president of the National Honor Society.  She still maintained a 4.0 GPA.  Add this to all of her schoolwork, and volunteer work at church, and overseeing the senior project, and she had no free time. 
 Jess was captain of the football team, and later would be captain of the basketball team and track team. Jess was one of the best high school quarterbacks around the state.  Jess had now reached his adult height.  He was 6'6'’ and weighed 230 pounds.  He was president of the Letterman’s club, and was in charge of the school’s peer tutoring program.  He was maintaining a 3.80 GPA.  
  Shelly and Jess were in constant secret meetings with the principal, superintendent, and the school board, as meeting with bankers, architects, lawyers and other important people around the state.  
Most of the senior class was involved in some aspect of the project.  They only had until April to complete the project.
  The football team won every game, including their homecoming game.  At the homecoming dance, Jess and Shelly were crowned Homecoming King and Queen.  
The team would finish the season, undefeated and then they took the state championship with the volleyball taking 2nd place in the state.  .  
  In early October, Shelly received a letter confirming their graduation speaker.  She was thrilled, but told no one except the principal, who agreed to keep it a secret, Shelly did not even tell Jess.  It was her big surprise for the senior class.  
  The boy’s and girl’s basketball teams both took state championships.  The senior project was really progressing.  Letters, e-mails and phone calls were coming in by the hundreds, as were the checks.  Soon, it was March and final preparations were being made for the big night. 
  On April 1st, Shelly told Miss Heald that there was a secret board meeting the next evening to discuss making cuts to the budget including cutting money from the library budget.  Jess and Shelly told her to show up at the school auditorium at 6pm. 
 At 6pm the next evening, Miss Heald arrived at the auditorium and found it overflowing with people.  Jess and Shelly met her at the door and had seats saved for the three of them.  
  At 6:30pm, Shelly and Jess got up on stage behind the podium and the crowd got quiet.  
“Before, we get started,” she began, “I want to apologize to Miss Heald for getting her here under false pretenses.  I hope she can forgive us.”  
Jess started to speak.  “Tonight, we are here to honor a very special lady, a lady who has worked at this high school for 60 years.  She has been a mentor, a teacher, counselor, advisor, and most importantly a friend.  Let’s hear it for our very own, Miss Louise Heald.”  The place went wild with applause.
  Everyone was on their feet clapping and stomping and yelling.  Miss Heald sat there stunned. She still had no idea what was going on. Shelly quieted the crowd and then continued: “For those of you who do not know how Miss Heald came to be a part of this school; let me tell you the story.”
  “Louise H. Heald was the oldest of six daughters born to German immigrants who came to America in the early part of the 20th century, to find a better life.  Louise and her five sisters were all born in Harrison, Indiana.  Her parents became American citizens and when World War II broke out, Mr. Heald answered the call to serve.  He joined the Navy and he was thankful that he was sent to Asia to fight the Japanese, and not to Germany, where he might have had to fight against his family.  In 1944, he was killed in the battle of Iwo Jima.”  
  “Louise was 15 at the time and left high school to help earn enough money to help keep her family together.  The other five girls stayed in school at Louise’s insistence.  Louise got a job working as the high school librarian.  At night, after helping her mother with the household chores, she would read books and learn as much as she could.  Louise helped put all five sisters through high school and then through college even if it meant picking up odd jobs.  Soon after, their mother died, and then, Louise was the one that her sisters went to for advice.” 
“Louise started working toward her high school diploma and then started taking college classes.  Throughout all of this, she kept her job at the school library.  Over the years, she earned her bachelor’s degree, her master’s degree, and recently, she had secretly obtained her Ph.D., in Education.  Yes, officially she is now Dr. Heald.”  
  There was much cheering, before Shelly continued.  “She didn’t mention it; because that’s the kind of person she is, thinking of others and not herself.  Over the past 60 years, Miss Heald has given advice to thousands of students, whether it was about what topic to do a paper on, or what career to pursue, to ‘Do these shoes match my dress?’  Miss Heald has always been an advocate of learning,” Shelly took a drink of water, and then continued. 
“I once asked Miss Heald, if she ever regretted not getting married and having children.  She answered: ‘But I do have children.  I have thousands of children.  All of the students at this school over the last 60 years have been like my children’.”  
At this point, Jess interrupted.  “That’s for sure, and take it from me; she is one ‘parent’ that you don’t want to tangle with.  When I was a freshman, I was in the library reading a book, with my feet propped up on a table.  Miss Heald asked me if I did that at home.  I was a smart aleck kid back then and I replied ‘Yes, I do’. Miss Heald replied, “Then, why don’t I call your mother and ask her.”  I thought she was bluffing, until she handed me the phone and my mother was on the other end.  My mother chewed me out over the phone for the next 10 minutes.  Believe me; that was the last time I was ever disrespectful to Miss Heald or any other teacher again.”  The entire auditorium burst into laughter.  
  When they had quieted down again, Jess continued.  “Miss Heald has been fighting the school board and the administration for a new library for several years, but has been told that there was no money in the budget for a new library.  This year, for our senior project, we decided to raise the money for a new library.  With the blessings of the school board and administration, we began contacting as many of the former alumni of our high school as we could locate, asking for large donations for a new library.  
  When they heard that we were doing it in part to honor Miss Heald, they responded in a big way.  We received thousands of donations.  To date, we have received more than $10 million.  The land adjacent to the high school has been generously donated to the school for the site of a new library.  In addition, as it turns out, the school has many very successful alumni.  One of them owns the biggest construction company in the state, and he has offered to build the school at cost.  Another owns a very successful architectural firm and with the details we provided her with, she has designed the new library.  Another person has donated more than 100 computers, with internet access and all of the safety features.  Many alumni have come through with the donations of thousands of books and other reference materials.” 
Miss Heald just sat there.  She could not believe what was happening.  
  “Miss Heald, would you please come up on stage?” asked Shelly.  Jess helped escort her up onto the stage.  
“Miss Heald” Shelly continued, “If you pull this rope, we will show you how much your many thousands of children love you,” 
As Miss Heald pulled the rope, revealing the model of the new library, Shelly said: “We are proud to present the future ‘Louise H. Heald Library and Computer Center’.”  
The crowd went wild. They were all up on their feet giving Miss Heald a standing ovation.  Jeff had to help Miss Heald sit down, because she was so overwhelmed. 
After the applause had died down, the lights were dimmed and Shelly started a slide show of what the new library would look like inside and out.  
On the outside, there would be a large plaque with a likeness of Miss Heald, listing the dates of her 60 years of service.  
The top floor would have 100 computer stations to be used for individual research, as well as for computer classes.  All of the computers could be monitored from the main office, as well by a computer in the classroom where staff could monitor any computer to see what site was being surfed. The computers all had the highest computer security and parental and safety controls.  
  The first floor would have space for more than a million books, and a special reference section contained in its own room, as well as a section for magazines and newspapers.  There were also several tables for students to read at, or do homework and research at.  
  “This project has the complete approval of the school board and construction will start next week.  It should be ready for dedication by next April,” said Jess.  Miss Heald was so overwhelmed.  She hugged Jess and Shelly both and told them how proud she was of them. 
  Shelly started speaking; “Miss Heald, there are several alumni who have joined us here this evening to honor you.  There are alumni of all ages, from some in their 70's to last year’s graduates.  They have come from all over the United States, to honor you.  
However, there are five former alumni here tonight, who owe you a lot of gratitude for helping them outside the school as well.  They would like to personally thank you for what you have done for them.”
As Jess opened the door leading off stage, in walked five elderly women.  When Miss Heald saw them, she covered her mouth and started crying as she walked over to them. 
Shelly introduced them: “These are Miss Heald’s five sisters, whom she helped raise and put through school.  They live all over the country and this is the first time they have all been together in more than 30 years.  
There was more applause and crying, as Miss Heald and her sisters hugged and kissed.  Her brothers-in-law joined them on stage.
  When the applause had died down, Shelly continued: “As most of you know, Miss Heald will be retiring at the end of this school year, after 60 years of service.  In all that time, she has not taken a vacation outside of Indiana, She has read books and seen movies about exotic places around the world, but it just isn’t the same as actually being there.”
“Therefore, as our retirement gift for Dr. Heald, all of the seniors have chipped in their own money, and we are sending her on a sixty-day world tour, a day for each year she has worked here. She will spend an average of 10 days on each continent.  The trip includes all expenses and spending money.  
  Because we know that Miss Heald would get lonely traveling by herself, a donor who wishes to remain anonymous has paid the way for Miss Heald’s five sisters and their husbands, to accompany Miss Heald on this trip, all expenses paid.”(Jess was the anonymous donor.  He had privately sold one of his “Honus Wagner” baseball cards).  “The trip will start in June.”
  Miss Heald and her sisters were so excited, that they were acting like a bunch of school girls. 
Jess interrupted: “Of course, Miss Heald, you will have homework.  We have set up a website, so that each day, you can download photos and write a journal entry.  That way, all of the students as well as the alumni can see the world through your eyes.  We have bought you a laptop computer and a digital camera to take on the trip with you. “
  Shelly got serious and said: “Miss Heald, you have given us so much of yourself to this school and its students.  You will never know how much you have meant to us.  We wish you a Happy Retirement, and Bon Voyage.” 
  After another standing ovation, Miss Heald was overwhelmed.  She went to the podium to address the students and alumni.  
After wiping away a few tears, she began to speak: “It has been my pleasure to work with this high school for over half of a century.  I have watched ‘my children’ mature into fine upstanding citizens.  You have all made me proud to know you.  I want to thank all of you for the great memories I have of this high school.”
  “I want to congratulate the senior class for the best senior project to ever come out of this school.  I want to thank them for this wonderful trip, as well.  I do not know what to say.  Words cannot convey how I feel at this moment.”
  After more applause, Miss Heald continued: “I want to give special thanks to Jess and Shelly, as I know that they were behind this whole thing.  This evening has been the best night of my life and I will never forget it” 
Then, she looked at Jess and Shelly and said: “I want you two to know, that if I had children of my own, they couldn’t be sweeter or more thoughtful than the two of you.”  She gave them both big hugs.  After more applause, Miss Heald started mingling with the alumni who represented the past 60 years of the high school.
  Jess and Shelly felt terrific.  They had pulled it off.  It had been a perfect evening.  They could tell that Miss Heald had loved the evening and all the appreciation from the community
				  Chapter 24
  Two weeks later, Jess, Shelly and Mara were at a local pizza restaurant with a bunch of other seniors, when a reporter came up and asked Shelly if she was Shelly Collins.  Shelly said that she was and from out of nowhere, came a man with a television camera.  
The reporter asked, “Is it true that you saved the life of a twelve-year-old boy last June?”  
Shelly did not know what to say.  Jess could see the look of panic on her face, and thinking quickly, said, “Shelly, I promised your parents that I’d have you home by 9pm, so we better get going.  I don’t want your parents mad at me.”  
For a second, Shelly looked puzzled, but then she caught on. “Right Jess, let’s go.”  They left as quickly as they could and Jess took Shelly home. On the way home, Shelly thanked Jess for his quick thinking. 
 When they went into Shelly’s house, they saw that her parents were watching the 9:00 news.  The top story was about Shelly, and how she saved the life of the boy almost a year ago.  This is why Shelly had made the doctors, nurses, paramedics and Brian’s parents promise to keep it out of the press. 
“I’m not a hero, as the news is making me out to be,” thought Shelly, She just happened to be in the right place at the right time, and she had learned medical first aid training in the girl scouts.  
The news reporter was interviewing Brian and his family on the news.  Brian’s father; Mr. McFall was explaining that they had promised Shelly they would keep her name out of the press, however, Brian had told a couple of his friends about what happened, and one of them had contacted the press.  
Mr. McFall said that he would only make a brief statement and after he told the facts as quickly as he could, he turned to the camera and said, “Shelly, if you are watching this, I want to say that we are sorry that this got leaked to the press.”  
  The next day at school, Shelly tried to avoid the crowds of students who wanted to hear the story how she saved the boy’s life.  The principal; Mrs. Gardener kept the press off the school grounds.  Jess stayed by Shelly’s side most of the day, to keep the crowds away from her.  Shelly was feeling claustrophobic and felt like running away.  She had so much on her mind, with her senior year ending.  She had final exams coming up, she was preparing the final edition of the school paper, she was trying to get the yearbook ready for printing, she had a valedictorian speech to write, and as student body president, she had many loose ends to tie up before the end of the year. 
Mrs. Gardener could see that Shelly was heading toward a breakdown, and she called Shelly’s mother.  They discussed the situation and they both decided that it would be a good idea if Shelly were to get away for a few days.  Mrs. Gardener also suggested that Jess could have a few days off as well, as he seemed to have a calming effect on her.  
  When Jess and Shelly got home from school, their parents told that all of them were going away for a long weekend.  It was Tuesday evening and they would go away until Sunday evening.  Shelly’s mom told her that the school had approved the time off, and that she could make up all of her work.  
“Where are we going?” asked Shelly.  
“You will have to wait and see,” said her mom.  So, with both cars packed, Jess, Shelly and the two sets of parents started off for a break from civilization.  Mrs. Gardener owned a four-bedroom cabin in Brown County, far away from the hustle and bustle of the city.  There was a lake nearby and the entire area was secluded. 
When they arrived at the cabin, Shelly got out of the car, and just listened.  She could hear birds singing, the wind blowing through the trees and some crickets chirping.  Shelly was already starting to feel better.  
After everything was taken into the cabin, Mrs. Collins and Mrs. Thompson began to make dinner, while Jess and Shelly went out for a walk.  It was still light out and they walked down by the lake.  Jess held Shelly and told her that everything would be ok.  When Jess held her, she felt completely safe and protected.  
They watched the sun go down behind the trees and enjoyed the time they had together.  As they headed back to the cabin, Shelly was glad that they had gone there.  
After dinner, Shelly was so worn out from the past couple of days, that she went to bed and was asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.
  Mr. Collins told Jess that they were glad that he was here.  “Jess, you have a very calming effect on Shelly and if anyone can get her to forget her worries and stress, it’s you,”  
  The next morning, Jess and Shelly were up early and went fishing at the lake.  As they fished, they talked.  It had been a while since they had been alone.  
They talked about graduation, college, their future.  Shelly told Jess that when they went away to different colleges in the fall, she was worried that they might drift apart.  
Jess turned and looked directly at Shelly and said: “Shelly, I have loved you since we first met, and that love has grown deeper over the past seven years.  I love you more today, than I ever thought it was possible to love another person.”  
“Someday, after we are out of college, I hope that we can get married and spend the rest of our life together.  I want you to know this: You will never lose me.  I am yours forever” 
Shelly had tears in her eyes.  She felt like the luckiest girl in the world.  This was the first time that Jess had ever mentioned marriage. 
Shelly wanted to marry Jess someday.  She knew that she was not ready for marriage yet.  She wanted to finish college and be accepted into medical school first.  She was relieved to hear that Jess felt the same way.  That brought her stress level way down.  
She gave Jess a great big hug, and said, “How did I ever get so lucky to have you come into my life?”  
Jess replied, “I am the lucky one.”  
Shelly now knew that she and Jess would be together forever and she could wait for as long as necessary.  Jess kissed Shelly and as he was holding her, she got a bite on her fishing line.  
They almost fell into the water as they both scrambled for the fishing pole.  Shelly had caught a 12" trout.  Together, they caught 13 trout, before they headed back. 
As they approached the cabin, they were laughing and talking.  When Shelly’s mom heard them coming, she started to prepare breakfast.  She had a huge campfire going outside the cabin. When she saw Shelly laughing, she was glad they had taken the trip.  
Jess and his dad cleaned the fish and Shelly and her mom cooked them.  The smell of fish frying over an open campfire was wonderful.  The six of them devoured all of the fish, along with a couple pots of coffee, and a large bowl of fruit.  
Shelly and Jess had a great time the rest of the trip.  They went swimming in the lake as well as fishing, several times over the next five days.  They took long walks in the moonlight, and went hiking.  They kissed, cuddled, and hugged as much as they wanted.  They talked for hours.  Shelly had not felt this good in months.  She did not want this trip to end.  However, by Sunday evening, she was ready to face the world again.  
  When Shelly went back to school on Monday, she spoke to the entire student body and told them the whole story about how she had saved the life of Brian McFall.  She also told them that she was sorry she had been stressed out about the whole incident.  Shelly agreed to do one interview, with a local television station.  She answered the questions with short clear answers, and then she considered the matter closed.  
  Jess and Shelly wanted to do something different for the Senior Prom.  They talked to the senior class and they decided on a 1920's theme for the dance.  They would dress up in 1920's style clothing and hairstyles, and even have some music from the 1920's as well.  
Jess and Shelly found some original 1920's clothing in the trunks in the secret room of Jess’s house.  The clothes had belonged to Jess’s ancestors.  Because Jess was so tall, his mom had done a few alterations, but it turned out perfect.  The dress Shelly had found seemed to have been made for her.  
Jess’s grandfather knew someone who collected old cars, and was able to obtain a 1925 Lincoln Fleetwood Limousine for the evening, complete with a driver.  Jess, Shelly, Mara, and her date would ride in it to the prom.  
At the prom, Jess and Shelly won a prize for the most authentic attire, as well as their skill at dancing the dances from the 1920's as they had practiced for a few days before the prom.  It was definitely a prom to remember. 

Chapter 25
  As graduation neared, both Jess and Shelly were a little sad about leaving the high school after four wonderful years there.  Jess was just finishing his 4th year on the track team. He had lettered in football, basketball and track all four years of high school.  
He loved pushing himself to the limits in any physical activity, and he encouraged others to as well.  To Jess, it was not always about winning, but to do one’s best, and always look for ways to improve. 
Both Jess and Shelly had done well academically.  Jess had a 3.82 GPA and Shelly had a 4.0 GPA.  Shelly was the valedictorian of their graduating class. 
  The night of graduation finally arrived.  The identity of the guest speaker was still a secret.  The only two people who knew were Shelly and Mrs. Gardener, the principal.  Security around the school was tight.
  The auditorium was packed with family, students, faculty and distinguished guests.  Everybody stood up as the graduates started filing into the auditorium.  After they were seated, Mrs. Gardener greeted the guests, and then introduced Shelly: “I don’t think that there is anyone who does not know this year’s valedictorian.  She is also the student body president, the editor of the school newspaper, co-editor of the yearbook and president of the Honor Society.  Here she is: Shelly Collins.”
  The audience started applauding, but not as loud as the senior class.  Shelly stood up at the podium after everyone got quiet, she began to speak.  “After tonight, we will be high school graduates.  The past four years have been great.  I know that all of my fellow graduates are anxious to find out who our guest speaker is.  Well, I think that our speaker is one person who will be able to end our four years of high school with a bang.  Therefore, without further delay, I would like to introduce him.  He has been a friend of mine for the past four years, since I met him in Washington.  Fellow graduates, parents, faculty, and guests, it gives me great pleasure to present to you, the President of the United States.”  
  As the President walked on stage, everybody was on their feet clapping and cheering.  
Everybody was surprised that the President would come to their high school.  
After several minutes, the applause died down and the president started speaking.  “When Shelly asked me last spring to be the guest speaker at this graduation, I was honored that she had asked.  I had also been asked to speak at Harvard University, and West Point Military Academy.  I chose to speak at this high school, because of the amazing things I have heard about your Senior Class, from Girl Scout Troop 125, who as 8th graders raised half a million dollars to help boost troop morale overseas, to the outstanding teacher appreciation dinner last year, to raising funds entirely on your own to build a state of the art library for your school while at the same time honoring your librarian for her form years of service.”  
“You have done great things, and you have the potential to do even greater things in your future.  As you go out into the world, hold your heads up high, and do not be afraid to succeed.  I know that all of you have the ability to succeed at whatever you attempt in life.  As I look out among you, I see future doctors, teachers, artists, engineers, leaders and public servants, who will help make this nation even greater.  I wish you all good luck in all that you do with your lives.”  
“Do not wait for opportunity to come to you.  Keep searching for opportunity until you find it. God bless all of you, and God Bless America.” The President received a standing ovation that lasted for several minutes.
 When it was quiet again, the President turned to Shelly “Shelly, I’ve known you for more than four years now.  I have watched you grow from a young girl to a young woman.  You have done more for others in those four years that many people could do in a lifetime.  You have convinced this nation to become involved in our future by helping our youth become more educated, and healthier.”  
“Youth organizations are still seeing large donations of money and volunteer hours. You were in charge of the library project, and have brought about other changes at your school.  In the past three years, you have saved the lives of two children, the first by risking your own life and the second, by using your first aid skills.  Shelly, you have a heart of pure gold, and as your friend, Jess said, ‘a beautiful soul’.  I think that you will make a fine physician some day.  I am so proud of what you have accomplished, and I know that whatever you do in your life, you will help make this world a better place.”  
The President then gave Shelly a hug.  Shelly’s eyes were filled with tears, as she received a thunderous applause from everyone.  Shelly could hear Jess yelling over everyone else and when she looked at him, he had his fist over his heart.  
  After the applause died down, Shelly went to the podium to give her valedictorian speech.  She wiped her eyes with a tissue and then she began: “What the president said is true.  We have accomplished a lot in the past four years, but we cannot take all of the credit.  We have many others to thank.”  
“First, we need to thank our parents, grandparents and extended family for doing a terrific job at raising us.  You have loved us unconditionally, which was especially hard to do during our teenage years.  You have guided us in the right direction, sometimes letting us make our own mistakes, but then helping us to learn from them.  You have taught us morals and principals and how to love others.  Because of you, we have become caring concerned adults.  We can never thank you enough, but hopefully, we will continue to make you proud as we enter the adult world and help to make it a better place.  We love you!”  All of the senior class was on their feet, looking at their families and yelling, cheering, clapping and crying, 
After a few minutes, Shelly continued: “Next, we would like to thank our ministers, pastors, priests, rabbis, and other clergy.  You have helped to teach us to live a good life morally and spiritually, how to live by the Golden Rule, and helped us learn about our creator.  Because of you, we make decisions more wisely, knowing the moral and ethical implications of our actions.  We thank you with our hearts and souls.”  Everybody applauded, and Jess and Shelly, and Mara as well as the other seniors from St. Luke’s Church looked at Pastor Joe and gave him two thumbs up.  
  Shelly continued with her speech: “We would like to thank all of our teachers, coaches, staff and administration from the past 13 years of school.  Thank you for teaching what we ‘needed’ to learn, not just, what we ‘wanted’ to learn.  We thank you for accepting each of us as individual students, and not as one classroom of students, realizing that we all have different strengths and weaknesses and that no one student is better or worse than the others are.  Thank you for helping us to become independent thinkers, and to stand up for our convictions.  Thank you for teaching us to be humble winners and gracious losers, on the field and off.  Thank you for allowing us to make mistakes and then helping us to correct them.  Thank you for not only teaching us the basics, such as math, science, language arts and  history, but physical skills as well, such as wood working, cooking, metal working, journalism, photography, just to name a few. Thank you for helping us to appreciate art, music, and literature.”  
“What we have learned these past 13 years will stay with us long after we leave this school.  You will not be forgotten.  We all realize that you could never be paid enough for what you do.  The fact that you are underpaid and over worked and yet continue to teach, shows us what dedicated professionals you are and how much you care about us.  We see you as priceless.  We will remember you fondly as the years go by, as our mentors, our heroes, as our ‘teachers’. We will not forget you!”
  Some of the teachers had tears in their eyes by the time Shelly was done.  The senior class and the entire auditorium was on their feet clapping as hard as they could for the staff. 
“Finally,” Shelly continued, “we want to thank the rest of the community for watching out for us, and keeping us from making too many mistakes, and for helping us to develop into upstanding citizens.  We want to thank you for supporting our schools with your taxes, and voting for bond elections to help keep our schools up to date and structurally sound.” 
After more applause, Shelly turned to the senior class and spoke to them:  “I would like to personally thank the senior class for a terrific four years.  We have made lasting friendships, and been through a lot together.  I am going to miss all of you.  We have had some great times, haven’t we?”The senior class started yelling and cheering.  
Shelly continued, “Let’s not wait till our ten-year reunion to find a reason to get together.  I love all of you!”  
Shelly had tears in her eyes as she finished, as did several classmates. Jess started chanting: “Shelly, Shelly,” and soon, the rest of the class had joined in.  This made Shelly burst into tears.  Mrs. Gardener handed Shelly some tissues and helped her to her seat.  
  Then, it was time to get their diplomas.  As they walked on stage, Mr. McFall, the school board president handed them their diplomas shook their hands and then they shook hands with Mrs. Gardener, and the superintendent.  When it was Shelly’s turn, she barely got through without bursting out crying again.  After the entire class was pronounced graduated, all of their caps were thrown high in the air.  
  After the ceremony was over, and friends and family congratulated the graduates, they got to meet the president and have their pictures taken with him as well as pictures of the entire class with the President and various group photos.  Shelly had photos taken of her with Jess and Mara and other close friends.  
Next fall, they would all be going to different universities.  Shelly would be studying pre-med at Indiana University. Jess would be at Purdue with Physical Education as his major and Music as his minor, and playing on the Purdue basketball team. Mara was going to studying pre-law at Harvard University.  April would be going to Stanford University studying Genetics, and Elanna would be going to UCLA to study Nursing.  
  That evening, Jess, Shelly and Mara made appearances at a half dozen graduation parties and did not get home until 3AM.  When Shelly got up at noon on Saturday, her parents had a graduation present for her.  It was wrapped in a little box.  
When Shelly opened it, she found a set of car keys.  She ran to the door and opened it.  There in the driveway, with a big red bow on it was a brand-new blue Honda Civic.  Shelly was very surprised.  “You shouldn’t have spent all that money on me.  You can’t afford that.”  Shelly said.  Her dad replied, “We had money saved up for you to go to college, but since you received a full 4-year scholarship, we used some of your college money to buy the car. You will need a car for college.”
  Then he added, “Besides, you deserve a car for what you have accomplished.  Your mother and I are so proud of you.”  Shelly hugged her parents and went to tell Jess about her new car.  
  When she showed the car to Jess, he was very happy for her.  He had bought a used car six months before, so that he would have a car for college.  
When they went back into Jess’s house, his parents brought out a large wrapped box for Jess.  “It’s not a car, but we hope you like it,” his dad said. Jess opened the box and took out a violin case.  Jess’s eyes got big and he was very excited.  
“Do you mean that this violin is all mine?” Jess asked excitedly.
  “Yes, you have earned it.  You have shown us that you are a very responsible person.  Jess carefully took the violin out of the case and after tuning it up; he played some notes on it.  Jess was such a good violinist, that when he played, the music was heavenly.  This was not just any violin.  This violin had belonged to Jess’s great, great grandfather.  It was more than 120 years old.  It was hand crafted and in excellent condition.  Jess thanked his parents several times over the next couple of days.  
  Shortly after graduation, Shelly, Jess and Mara went with the church youth group, to Montana, to help make repairs to a church and a school.  This would be their last mission trip for them.  They spent a week in Montana and worked long hours.  It was hard work, but they felt so good knowing that they were helping others in need.  
Chapter 26
  For Shelly’s 18th birthday, she and Jess went to a Back Street Boys concert, and then went out to dinner.  That summer, they took part time jobs, as they wanted to spend as much time together as possible, before college started in the fall.  Once school started, they would be over an hour away, and would usually see each other on weekends and holidays.  They both planned to live in dorms, so that they could save money, and go home on weekends.  
  The summer flew by fast, and soon it was time for Jess and Shelly to leave for college.  Jess went to Purdue and Shelly went to Indiana University.  Both Jess and Shelly wanted to start on the right foot, and they focused all of their time on their studies. Jess shared a room with Zack and Cody, and Shelly shared a room with Raven and Chelsea.  Jess had basketball practice every night and he had joined the university orchestra.  When they found out how well he played the violin, some of the music professors tried to get him to change his major to Music, but Jess was determined to be an elementary P.E. coach.  
Shelly tried to spend 8-16 hours per week working at Indiana University Hospital Emergency Room.  Dr. Owens, the Head of the Emergency Room at the hospital in Harrison had written a nice letter of recommendation for Shelly.  In the emergency room, she transported patients, and did some patient care with the nurses.  She also had occasion to observe the doctors.
  Even with all they had going on in their lives, their studies, basketball, working and  orchestra, the last thing they did each night was to talk on the phone.  They both had cell phones and they could always find each other.  The calls may have been an hour, or just 10 minutes, but they always talked, and said good night to each other and told each other “I love you.”  
On weekends, they would drive home and spend most of their time together.  They went to church each week.  Pastor Joe was a big influence in their lives. Jess and Shelly spent time with their families, but, they spent more time with each other, as much as they could.
 When their first year of college was over, Jess and Shelly returned to Harrison for the summer.  Jess got a job at the day camp where he had worked before, but this time he was Assistant Director of the camp.
  Shelly got her old job at the Pediatric Emergency Room and she was able to work with the patients more. They both worked hard that summer, but still found time to see each other.  
They also took a week off work and Shelly’s grandparents sent her two airline tickets for her and Jess to go to California.  April and Elanna finally got to meet Jess and they could see that Shelly and Jess were madly in love.  
  Soon, their second year of college started and they were back into their routine college life.  Their grades from the first year had been very good.  Shelly had a 3.9 CPA and Jess had a 3.85 GPA.  One evening in November, Shelly surprised Jess by driving to see him at Purdue in the middle of the week.  She had planned to take him out to dinner and a movie, but some bad news changed their plans.  
Shortly after she arrived, Jess got a phone call from his mother.  Jess’s dad had suffered a heart attack and they were taking him to surgery for a triple bypass operation.  Jess told his mom that he would be there in a couple of hours.  
  When Jess told Shelly what had happened, she hugged him and said that she was going with him.  She comforted him as much as she could.
  All the way home, Jess was thinking about his dad.  Shelly was talking to him, but he was only half listening to her.  He kept thinking back to when Shelly was in the hospital and he almost lost her.  
Jess started praying to God, asking him to help his father and to let him live.  When they arrived at the hospital in Harrison, they met Jess’s mother in the Surgery waiting room. Jess hugged his mother and she explained what had happened.  
Jess’s dad had been working more than usual, and was feeling very tired. A little while later, he started having chest pain and Jess’s mom dialed 911 and the paramedics took him to the hospital.  Dr. Belbutoski, the doctor in the ER, told Mrs. Thompson that her husband was having a heart attack and they needed to do a triple bypass heart operation.  Later, Dr. Reed, the cardiac surgeon explained the procedure and said it would take about three hours.
  A few hours later, Dr. Reed said that the surgery was a complete success.  He said that Mr. Thompson would have to take it easy for a while, start a cardiac exercise program, cut out fatty foods, and start eating healthier. 
A couple of hours later, Jess, his mom and Shelly were able to see Jess’s dad.  He was sitting up in bed.  He told his family that he had reached a decision.  He was going to retire.  
He was 62 years old, and the heart attack made him realize that if he wanted to be around for a long time to come, he would have to change his lifestyle.  He and Jess’s Mom had always wanted to see the world, so now they could travel.  
They had invested wisely, and put away quite a bit into retirement accounts.  Mrs. Thompson decided that it was time for her to retire as well.  
  Each week, Mr. Thompson was getting better and better. Within a couple months, Jess’s parents were taking a trip to Europe for two weeks.  They were enjoying their retirement.  
Jess was glad that his dad was better.  Jess’s parents were not his only family.  His dad’s father lived in Harrison in a retirement community.  He was 85 years old.  His Mom’s parents had lived in Florida for 20 years and they were both in their mid 80's.  He did not have any cousins or siblings.  His parents were his closest family and the thought of losing them this young, had scared him.  
  Jess and Shelly returned to college and the months went by quickly.  In the summers, they worked in Harrison.  Soon, they were beginning their senior year of college.  
Shelly had taken her MCAT exams to get into Medical School the previous spring, and had applied to a dozen medical schools.  In the fall of her senior year, she found that she had been accepted to all of them.
  She finally decided to go to IUSM (Indiana University School of Medicine), as she wanted to be near Jess and her parents.  Jess was working as a student teacher during his senior year, and he loved it.  He knew that he had made the right career choice.  He loved working with elementary school kids.  He made physical education fun for them, while keeping their minds and bodies healthy.  The P.E. teacher he worked with; Mr. Frizzi, was a good mentor, and Jess learned a lot from him. 
The year was going by so fast, that before they knew it, they were nearing graduation.  Jess had a lot on his mind. He had applied for a job at Cherry Tree Elementary School in Carmel, Indiana.  That would be close to IUSM where Shelly would be for the next four years.  
Jess and Shelly had talked about marriage, but both agreed to wait until after college was over before they made definite plans. 
Because of Medical School, they had agreed that they wouldn’t start a family, until Shelly was at the end of her medical residency.  Jess had been thinking of a way to propose to Shelly officially.  It had to be special, with all their family and friends involved.  In April, Jess was notified that he got the teaching job at Cherry Tree Elementary.  He would start in August.  
Chapter 27
  A month before graduation, Jess came up with a plan of how he would propose to Shelly.  One weekend when he was alone with Shelly’s parents, he asked for their permission to marry their daughter.
  After they gave Jess their blessing, Jess filled them in on his plan for his proposal.  Besides Shelly’s parents, the only people who knew of his plan were his parents and Mara.  
  At the end of May, Jess and Shelly graduated.  Jess’s three grandparents were there, as well as Shelly’s grandparents from California and her great-grandmother who was now 90 years old. They all attended both graduations, since they were on different days. Shelly was second in her class with a GPA of 3.94.  She received a BS degree in Biology. Jess was in the top 20% of his class with a GPA of 3.85 they had both done well. 
After graduation, Jess put his plan into action.  He had sent out invitations to all of his and Shelly’s friends, including April and Elanna in California.  
The invitations were for a surprise “birthday party” for Shelly’s 22nd birthday.  Everybody had agreed to come.  The next part of the plan was for Mara to “accidentally” on purpose let the surprise birthday party slip out to Shelly.  
Mara made Shelly promise not to let anyone know that she had found out about the party.  “Remember that you really have to act surprised.  Jess went to a lot of work to plan this party for you,” said Mara.  Shelly agreed.
  The party had a Mexican theme.  Mara and Jess’s parents helped him to prepare the food. 
The house was decorated in festive colors, and looked like a Mexican Cantina.  The next part of the plan entailed Shelly’s parents taking her out shopping for six hours on the day of the party.  
At noon, Jess picked up April and Elanna at the airport, and drove them out to his house.  The rest of the guests arrived by 2pm.Shelly and her parents would arrive at 4pm.  
When everyone had arrived, Jess told everyone the real reason for the party, that he was going to propose to Shelly and he wanted all their friends and family to be there.  
He explained that the piñata was the one key ingredient for the proposal.  Inside of it were many nice prizes, which the guests could scramble for and keep when the piñata broke open.  The only prize they were not to touch was a small purple box, which held the ring he would give to Shelly.  The ring had belonged to Jess’s grandmother.  Jess’s father then gave it to Jess’s mother, and now it was Jess’s turn to give it to his future bride.
  It was now 3:45pm.  As Shelly and her parents were driving home, Shelly’s mother casually mentioned that they were going to stop by and see Jess’s parents, as they wasted to have cake and coffee for Shelly’s birthday.  Shelly acted nonchalant and said that was fine.  
At 4pm, they pulled up in front of Jess’s house.  All of the guest’s cars were parked out back, so that Shelly would not see them. When they walked into the house, everyone yelled “Surprise” and “Happy Birthday.”  
Jess came over to Shelly and gave her a birthday kiss and a big hug.  “Happy Birthday, Shelly” he said. “I hope you don’t mind me throwing you a party.”  
“Not at all,” she replied.  “You really surprised me.  I was just expecting cake and coffee with you and your parents.”  Jess knew that this was not true, but his plan was working so far.  Shelly was shocked to see Elanna and April had flown in for the party and hugged them and chatted with them for a while.  
There was Fiesta music playing and everyone was having a good time.  Mara announced that it was time to play a game.  Everybody was given a pencil and a quiz about Shelly, to see who knew Shelly the best.  Jess had told Mara to make up a party game, and he had not seen the quiz before now.  Many of the guests got many answers right, but Jess was the only one who got them all right.  He guessed correctly that her favorite birds were “penguins” and that her favorite planet was “Neptune” - the king of the planets.  He knew that her favorite cartoon character was “Scooby Doo, and that her favorite wild cats were “cougars.”  He also knew that she thought “greyhound” racing was inhumane.  
  After the game, and after everyone had eaten, and had cake, it was time for the presents.  Shelly saved Jess’s present for last.  She was hoping it was an engagement ring.  When she opened his gift, she found a stethoscope and a doctor’s lab coat.  They were the best that money could buy.
“I hope you like them Shelly, or should I say ‘Dr. Shelly’!” said Jess.
Shelly was disappointed that there was no ring, but she gave Jess a big hug and said, “I love them, Jess. Thank you so much, for the gift and for throwing this party.”Then, Mara came up and said; 
“Jess, when are we going to break the piñata?”  
“I almost forgot,” said Jess.  
“Shelly you go first, since you are the birthday girl.”  He blindfolded Shelly and spun her around.  She swung the stick a few times and finally made contact with the piñata, but not hard enough to crack it open.  A few more guests had a try before Mara had her chance.  Jess tied on the blindfold, so that she could see through it.  She hit the piñata hard and it broke open, spilling its contents over the floor.  Everybody scrambled for the money and little presents.  
  Jess had watched where the ring box had fallen, and quickly dived for it and wrapped his hand around it.  As he started to get up, he acted as if he had a spasm in his back.  He was on one knee trying to get up.
  Shelly ran over to him and offered her hand to help Jess up. As Jess took her hand in his, the whole room got quiet.  
Jess looked deeply into Shelly’s eyes and said, “Shelly, I love you more that I have ever loved anyone or anything in my life.  I want to spend the rest of my life with you.  Will you marry me?”  As he said this, he opened up the ring box with his other hand and held it out in front of Shelly. 
Shelly’s eyes filled with tears.  She had waited so long for this moment.  She had never been this happy before.  She took a deep breath and said “Jess, I would be honored to be your wife.  Yes, yes I will marry you”.  
Jess stood up and put the ring on Shelly’s finger and then they kissed and held each other as the rest of the people in the room cheered.  
  Both Jess and Shelly’s moms were crying and Shelly’s dad was opening bottles of champagne Shelly’s parents hugged them both and then Jess’s parents hugged them.  After the champagne had been poured and everybody had a glass, Shelly’s dad gave a toast “To Shelly and Jess, whose love is eternal; here’s to a lifetime of happiness.”  Everybody drank and cheered again. 
Jess and Mara explained their conspiracy about the “birthday” party.  “I wanted to propose in a special way, and I wanted our families and friends to share this moment with us.  I hope you don’t mind.”  Jess said.  “I wouldn’t have wanted it any other way,” said Shelly.  
  The party went on for another two-3 hours.  By the time it was over, the only ones left were their parents, Mara, April, Elanna, Jake, Pete and Kevin.  Jess asked Kevin to be his Best Man and then asked Jake and Pete to be his Groomsmen.  They all accepted.  
  Shelly looked at Mara, Elanna and April and looked uneasy.  “What’s the matter?” asked Elanna.  Shelly replied, “The three of you are my closest friends in the world.  I want all of you in my wedding, but only one of you can be my Maid of Honor.  I don’t want the other two, to be mad at me for, not picking them.”  They all said that they would be okay with whatever decision Shelly made.  “Just decide with your heart,” said April.
Shelly turned to Mara.  “Mara, we have been friends for more than 10 years.  I do not have a sister, but if I did, I would want her to be just like you, because you are like a sister to me.  Would you be my Maid of Honor?”
“I would be honored,” said Mara as she hugged Shelly.  At the same time, Elanna and April both answered, “We would love to be your Bridesmaids.  
  Shelly’s mom asked Shelly, “Do you have any idea where and when you would like to have the wedding?” 
 Before Shelly could respond, Jess quickly spoke up: “I know that the bride usually does a lot of the planning of the wedding, but I would like to suggest next summer on June 15th, in back of the house.” 
 Shelly got a big smile on her face and said, “That’s perfect Jess.”  Mara asked what was so special about that day.  Shelly replied, “June 15th was the day when Jess and I first met.  I was riding Buttercup in the back of my house and Jess was working in their garden and when we noticed each other, he came over and hopped the fence and we talked for a few hours under that apple tree.”  
Jess added, “I think that I fell in love with Shelly at that moment, but I didn’t realize it was love until a few years later.”  Jess and Shelly both agreed that Pastor Joe would perform the ceremony.  
Shelly turned to her parents and said, “I want to thank both of you for not listening to a whining child 11 years ago.”  
“What are you talking about?” asked her mom.  
“Shelly answered: “On my 11th birthday, 11 years ago today, I told you that I didn’t want to move to Indiana, and I threw a temper tantrum.  I overheard you and Dad talking and I know that you considered not moving because of me.  If you had listened to me, we would never have moved to Indiana and I would never have found the only man I have ever loved.”  
  That summer, Jess and Shelly did not work.  They spent all of their time together.  They also started to plan their wedding and their future.  In August, Jess started his new job in Carmel, Indiana and Shelly started medical school in Indianapolis.  They found a house for Jess to live in that was half way between his job and the medical school.  Jess would live there by himself until after the wedding and Shelly would rent an apartment near the medical school for one year.  
In early July, Shelly had been contacted by a lawyer.  He informed her that a person who wished to remain anonymous had set up a trust fund of $500,000 to pay for all her expenses for medical school, including books, tuition, lab fees, etc.  After she graduated, she was to take what money that was left and use it for a foundation or other cause that she had an interest in.  
  Shelly was curious who the mysterious donor was, but the lawyer would not/could not tell her.  Shelly was very grateful for the money.  About a week later, Shelly bumped into Miss Heald and told her about her mysterious benefactor.  Shelly told Miss Heald, that she wanted to thank the person.  Miss Heald replied: “I’m sure that the person knows how much you appreciate it.  They must love you like a daughter.”
  As Miss Heald said that, Shelly recalled four years ago at the tribute to honor Miss Heald that she had said ‘If she had children of her own, she would want them to be just like her and Jess.’  
As Miss Heald headed for her car, Shelly suddenly realized who her mysterious benefactor was.  Shelly softly said “Thank you Miss Heald,” so that Miss Heald could not hear, as she knew that she wanted to remain anonymous.
Chapter 28
  The year leading up to the wedding was very stressful.  In July, Shelly started her first year of medical school.  It was hard, but she loved the challenge.  There was a lot to memorize and Shelly never realized how complicated the human body was.  
Jess started his job as P.E. coach in August.  After school started, it took him a while to get used to being called Mr. Thompson.  He kept looking around for his father, every time he heard someone say “Mr. Thompson.”  He loved his job, and the kids loved having him as their P.E. teacher.  
Besides their jobs, Jess and Shelly were busy planning their wedding.  Their parents were helping quite a bit also.  Pastor Joe was thrilled to be asked to perform the ceremony.  
  By the following June, everything was going according to plan.  The invitations had been sent out in the late fall and all of the RSVP’s had been received.  Their parents were taking care of the food.  
A woman at the church volunteered to make the wedding cake, a three tiered wedding cake with each layer shaped like a heart.  All of the final details were falling into place.  Elanna and April had arrived three days before the wedding. 
 Elanna had taken time from her job at the hospital where she worked as a RN.  April was working at a research lab in Southern California helping to map out DNA for genetic research.  Mara had just completed her first year of Law school at Harvard, and she arrived a day earlier.
  All four women stayed at Shelly’s house until the wedding and it helped to take away the pre-wedding jitters.  Jake, Pete and Kevin were staying with Jess at his house before the wedding.  
Jake was a manager of a rock climbing facility.  He planned to go for his Master’s degree and later his doctorate in geology. As a geologist, he hoped to do research with earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.  Pete was a police officer with the Harrison Police Department.  Kevin was a physical therapist in Indianapolis.
  At the rehearsal dinner the day before the wedding, Shelly and Jess’s moms were worried, because the weather channel had predicted rain for the next day.  Jess and Shelly kept telling them not to worry.
On the morning of the wedding, Shelly woke up and shouted, “I’ve got it!”  “What do you have?” asked Mara irritably, as Shelly’s scream had woke her up and scared her.  
As her mother entered the room, Shelly explained to all of them. “I have been trying to figure what to give Jess as a wedding present, but now I know.  I had a fantastic dream just now.  It was so vivid and real.”
“Jess and I were very old, and were celebrating our 75th wedding anniversary and were surrounded by our children, grandchildren, great and great, great grandchildren.  Jess and I were sitting at the table and one of our granddaughters was offering Jess a piece of cake.  Jess pushed it away and told her to bring him a piece of my delicious peach pie.  As I was watching him eat the pie in my dream, I suddenly woke up.  
  Would all of you all help me to bake 20 of my special peach pies for the reception?  I know that it sounds crazy.”  
“You are not crazy.  You are just in love,” said her mom.  “Of course we’ll help you.  They spent all morning making the pies while Shelly’s dad kept Jess and the guys occupied elsewhere, and hid the pies until the reception.
  That afternoon the skies looked gray, with the threat of rain hanging over them.  Shelly’s mom was getting very nervous.  
“It won’t rain, Mom,” said Shelly.  
“How can you be so sure?” asked her mom.  
“Because I have faith in God and I know that he is looking down on Jess and I right now.  
  At 1pm, the guests started to arrive.  Chairs had been set up near the place where Jess and Shelly first met 12 years ago to the day.  They were expecting around 400 people.  A portion of the fence between the two properties had been removed, for the ceremony.  The wedding was supposed to begin at 2pm.  The guests looked at the sky nervously expecting a downpour at any moment.  
  What happened next was called a miracle by many of the guests.  At approximately fifteen minutes before 2:00, the clouds started to move out in all directions away from above the wedding guests.  By 2pm, the clouds were far away.  Golden rays of sunlight were radiating down from the heavens, illuminating everything it touched.  The trees were full of birds and the air was filled with their music.  
 Kevin escorted Jess’ parents and grandparents to their seats, and then Jake escorted Shelly’s mom and seated her next to her parents with the rest of her family. 
Then, Pete, Kevin, Jake and Pastor Joe went to the front of the gathering.  From behind Jess’s house, Jess rode out on a white horse toward Pastor Joe.  Jess looked quite elegant in his black tuxedo sitting atop the horse.  When he reached Pastor Joe, Jess got down from the horse and the horse was led away.  
When everybody was in place, an eight-piece orchestra started playing music and everyone turned to see Charlie and Sampson, Shelly and Jess’s dogs walking down the aisle with ring pillows attached to the back of their collars, followed by the Caitlin McCormack, the flower girl.  
Caitlin’s family and Shelly had become very close since the Junior Prom and Caitlin and Shelly had become as close as sisters had. Caitlin, who had just turned 11, was ecstatic when Shelly asked her to be her flower girl.  
Next, came the Bridesmaids, Elanna and April wearing golden satin dresses that looked like sunshine.  Then came Mara, the Maid of Honor.
  When they had reached the front and had taken their places, the orchestra started playing the Wedding March.  
 Shelly’s dad emerged from behind the barn, leading another white horse, with Shelly riding sidesaddle.  They proceeded down the aisle.  When they reached Pastor Joe, they stopped and Shelly’s dad helped her down from the horse and the horse was led away.
  Pastor Joe began: “We are gathered here together under beautiful skies, to join this man and this woman in Holy Matrimony.  Who gives this woman in marriage?”  
Shelly’s father answered: “Her mother and I do.”  He then placed Shelly’s hand in Jess’s and sat down with Shelly’s mother. 
After Pastor Joe said the opening prayers, he began the wedding sermon. “Of all the marriages that I have performed over the years, this one brings me the greatest joy to be part of.” 
“I have known Jesse Thompson his entire life.  I baptized him when he was a baby, and watched him grow up to be a wonderful young man.  We have had our share of theological discussions and there were times he tested my patience, but it was genuine curiosity and thirst for knowledge on his part.”  
“When Jess started 6th grade, he had a new best friend, Shelly Collins.  Shelly and Jess met, for the first time, on this very spot exactly 12 years ago today.  They became friends from the moment they first met. 
In the 12 years that I have known Shelly, I have constantly been impressed by her compassion and her kindness toward all around her.  I had the good fortune to have both Jess and Shelly under my instruction for two years during Confirmation classes. Actually, with Mara, Jake, Pete and Kevin here also, it seems like old times.” 
“I have no doubt that the union between Jess and Shelly will be for their lifetime.  I do not think I have ever met two young people with the stronger bonds of friendship, and compassion as Jess and Shelly.”  
“Even though they have been in love for years, they did not rush into marriage.  They finished college and then started planning their life together.  I am honored that they chose to include me in this ceremony as they join and become as one.  May God continue to bless them as they start their new life together.”  Jess and Shelly have written their own vows for this special day.”  
 Shelly and Jess had written their own vows, but neither had heard the other’s vows until now.
 Shelly went first: “Jess, before I met you, something was missing from my life, but I could not put my finger on it.  Then, twelve years ago, on this spot, I met you, and deep inside, I suddenly felt complete.”
 “You accepted me and loved me for who I was, not what you wanted me to be.  You were always in my corner, on my side.  You have always known the right thing to say and do, and the right time to say and do it.  I can always trust you to be completely honest with me, even when it is not what I want to hear.”  
“From this day forward, I will try to make a home for us filled with love, respect, compassion and truth.  I will stand by you, when times get tough, as well as during the good times.  I have loved you from the moment we met, and I will continue to love you until the day I die.  I love you Jess!”	
  Jess had become mistily eyed and had to take a moment to collect his thoughts, so that he would not cry.  Then, he began: “Once upon a time, there was a young prince who thought he had everything he needed in life to be happy.  Then one day, he met a beautiful princess who had traveled a great distance from the West.”  
“Others looked at her and only saw a little freckle-faced girl with glasses and short hair, but the young prince could see what they could not see.  He could see inside of her and he knew that she had a generous heart, and that she had a beautiful soul.” 
As she got older, her outward beauty started to blossom, but it would take a while longer before others could see her inner beauty.  By that time, the young prince had fallen deeply in love with her.  He did not tell her how he felt about her, because he did not feel worthy enough to have her.”  
“Then, one day, tragedy struck.  It looked like the princess was going to die.  The prince prayed to God that she might live.  Then the prince begged all of the people in the land to pray with him.”  
“God looked down and saw how much the people loved the princess, and how she had taught them to love others.  God took pity upon them and restored life to the princess.”  
“The prince had a second chance and he told the princess how much he loved her.  From that day forward, their love continued to grow.”
  “Shelly, I was that prince and you were that princess.  Today, standing beside you, I feel like a king and you are my queen.  I can still see your beautiful soul, and your pure heart.  You still make my body tingle when I hold you.  I promise to take care of you and our family, for the rest of our life together.  I will love you for all times, until the day they put me in the ground.  Today, we become one soul forever, ‘A Beautiful Soul’.  I love you Shelly!”
  Both Jess and Shelly were close to tears. Pastor Joe continued with the ceremony.  After the rings were blessed and were placed on each other’s hands, Pastor Joe said, “By the power vested in me by the Lutheran Church and the state of Indiana, I now pronounce Jesse and Michelle to be husband and wife.”  
As Shelly and Jess kissed, sobs were heard among the guests, family and attendants.  Then Pastor Joe said, “I now present to you, Jess and Shelly Thompson.  Shelly and Jess could no longer hold back their tears of joy.  As they stood there holding each other and sobbing, they were one soul, one beautiful soul.
  Their reception immediately followed the wedding.  Their parents provided barbecued pork and ribs, and women from the church provided side dishes and drinks.  
At the reception, Jess’s parents provided them with a large envelope.  Jess opened and found the deed of the house signed over to them.  Before Jess could object, they told him that the house was getting too big for them to manage, and that they had bought a condominium in town. They said that they would take care of the house for them until Shelly was out of her residency, and they moved back to Harrison.  
Jess and Shelly were very appreciative and they thanked them both several times that night.  Jess and Shelly would raise their family in the house that his family had lived in for more than 160 years.  
Because they had almost everything they needed, they had printed on the invitations, that they requested no gifts, but if the guests wanted to, they could donate to the Harrison Children’s Hospital.  After opening all of the cards, later the next day, they had more than$35,000 in checks made out to the Children’s Hospital.  They even received donations from the President, the governor and the mayor.
Jess and Shelly shared their first dance as husband and wife.  Then, Shelly danced a dance with her father to the song: “Butterfly Kisses,” which made both Shelly and her father cry.  
Later, Jess and Shelly cut the wedding cake and shared a small piece.  Jess told Shelly that in a few days, they would leave on a 30 day honeymoon trip to Europe.  They would spend time in France, Italy, Greece, Spain and Portugal, all of the countries that Shelly had fallen in love with when she saw pictures that Miss Heald had taken in those countries.  That was his wedding present to Shelly.  
Shelly kissed her husband and told him that the only present she wanted was him by her side forever.  Jess had paid for the trip by selling more of his baseball card collection that he they had found in the hidden room.  
His parents had given him the stamp and coin collection as well.  Those two collections were worth more than two million dollars, and they were in a safety deposit box, if they ever needed them.  
  Jess and Shelly mingled with the guests and thanked them for coming.  Later, when Jess and Shelly were sitting down taking a rest, a woman from the church came over and offered them some more cake
.  Jess pushed it away, and then asked “Where is it, Shelly?”  
“Where is what?” asked Shelly?  
Jess replied “I smell your delicious peach pie.”  Shelly’s mom handed Shelly the peach pie. “This is my present for you Jess.”  As more of the pies were brought out, all of the family and bridal party had some.
  Jess’s mom said, “Are you sure you won’t share the recipe with me, Shelly?”  
Shelly replied, “I will share it with you, after all we are family now ‘Mom’” 
Mrs. Thompson gave Shelly a great big hug.  Jess was eating his second slice of pie. 
“This pie reminds me of the dream I had this morning, before I woke up.,” he said between mouthfuls of pie.  
Shelly got goose bumps on her arms as she asked Jess, “what dream, Jess?’.  Jess explained: “This morning, I woke up feeling more content and peaceful that I have ever felt before.  I dreamed that you and I were celebrating our 75th wedding anniversary surrounded by family and when someone offered me some cake, I demanded some of your delicious peach pie.  
 Shelly started to turn pale.  
“Are you ok, Shelly?” asked Jess.  
Both of their mothers were sitting there with them and Shelly’s mom answered: “Shelly was telling me that identical story about a dream she had this morning” Jess’s mom replied, 
“Jess told us about the dream when he woke up this morning.”
  Shelly started speaking: “Maybe it wasn’t just a dream, but a glimpse of our future?”  If so, they would have a long and happy marriage.  
  Soon, it was time for Jess and Shelly to say goodbye to their guests, and leave.  They had reservations at the Honeymoon suite at the best hotel in town.  At the end of the road, a quarter mile away, was a limo waiting to take them to the hotel.  The sun was low in the sky as Jess’s dad led a white horse to where Jess and Shelly were standing.  Jess helped Shelly onto the horse and then he got on behind her and as their family and friends cheered and waved goodbye, Jess and Shelly rode off into the sunset.  Everyone watched as two beautiful people who shared one beautiful soul disappeared down the road.
 
The End
 
Epilogue

  Did they live happily ever after?  Was their shared dream just a dream, or was it a glimpse into their future? We have the rare opportunity to look into Jess and Shelly’s future.  
  Shelly finished Medical School and when she graduated, her entire family was there.  Miss Heald was sitting in the front row.  After Shelly received her diploma, she looked at Miss Heald and said “Thank you.” 
 Miss Heald died six months later at the age of 85.  In her will, she left the bulk of her estate, more than $500,000, to Harrison Children’s Hospital.  
She had saved her money all her life and invested it wisely.  Shelly now knew what to do with the $150,000 that she was left over from Miss Heald’s gift.  She established a Louise H. Heald Scholarship fund.  The scholarship would be awarded to students, who lived up to Miss Heald’s high moral standards.  
  Shelly did her residency in Indianapolis, and then was offered a job at the Pediatric Emergency Room at Harrison Children’s Hospital, which she gladly accepted.  Jess got a job at the elementary school in Harrison where he had gone to school years earlier. They moved into the Thompson ancestral home, which was almost 170 years old. 
 One month before their seventh wedding anniversary, Shelly gave birth to a baby girl whom they named Abigail Louise Thompson.  
In the next six years, they would add four sons to their family.  As the years flew by, they became well known throughout the state of Indiana.
Jess was the P.E. Coach at Kennedy Elementary School until he retired after 43 years of teaching.  Several times, he was offered the job as principal, but he always turned the job down because he liked working directly with the kids.  Jess also coached Little League baseball and soccer over the years.  He was active in the PTA, and was a scoutmaster for the Boy Scouts for several years. 
He was named Teacher of the Year for the state of Indiana four times, and one year, he was named Teacher of the Year for the entire nation.  When he finally retired at age 70, the community threw him an unforgettable retirement party. After retirement, he continued to work closely with youth sports programs, and was elected to the school board a few times.  
  Shelly worked at the Pediatric Emergency Department until she turned 70 and then she retired to spend time with her grand children and great grandchildren.  She spent several years as scoutmaster of Troop 125 and taught first aid classes to girl scouts, boy scouts, as well as elementary and junior high students.  
Throughout her life, she continued to encourage the public to help support education, sports, and mental and physical health of the nation’s youth. She wrote several articles for Medical journals and had two books on Pediatric Emergency Medicine published.  She was also a part time professor at Indiana University Medical School. 
  Both Jess and Shelly remained active in St. Luke’s Lutheran Church, singing in the choir, teaching Sunday school, and serving on church boards.  
 We now fast- forward to several years later.  Family surrounds Jess and Shelly, as they celebrate their 75th wedding anniversary.  They are both 98 years old.  
Their family consists of five children, 12 grandchildren, 31 great grandchildren and 6 great-great grandchildren.  Their occupations are varied, but include doctors, teachers, artists, musicians, and even one who served as governor of Indiana before being elected to the U.S. Senate.  One of their great grandchildren, Kevin Davis, serves as Youth Pastor at St. Luke’s. 
At the gathering, Jess and Shelly announce, that upon their death, the Thompson house will be donated to the city of Harrison, to be used as a museum, which will hold among other things, all the family papers back to 1626, all the family quilts and old uniforms and the family doll/ toy collection.  
As a granddaughter offers Jess some cake, he pushes it aside and insists on a piece of Shelly’s delicious peach pie.  
Jess and Shelly have lived a good life and they live another five years.  On the evening, of their 80th anniversary, Jess and Shelly kiss each other good night for the last time, and fall asleep while holding hands. They are both 103 years old.  
They are buried behind the Thompson House where they had lived for almost 75 years.  There is one gravestone, which is inscribed: Here lies Jess and Shelly Thompson, two beautiful souls who will spend all eternity together.  
The house has been turned into a museum of local history and the property has been turned into a small parking lot, and a large area for picnic tables and play area for the children.  The rest of Jess and Shelly’s estate has been used to build a Children’s Oncology Center which now bears the name”: “The Shelly Thompson Oncology Center for Kids” 
  Jess and Shelly were generous and caring until the very end.  They will not be forgotten.  Their descendants will make sure of that.



