Dedication:
To my family. Thank you for always standing behind me while I pursue my dreams…no matter how strange they are.



A Common Language
By Caitlyn Bogart
Copyright 2013 Caitlyn Bogart
Smashwords Edition


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Table of Contents
Chapter one
Chapter two
Chapter three
Chapter four
Chapter five
Chapter six
Chapter seven
Chapter eight
Chapter nine
Chapter ten
Chapter eleven
Chapter twelve
Chapter thirteen
Chapter fourteen
Chapter fifteen
Chapter sixteen
Chapter seventeen
Chapter eighteen
Chapter nineteen
Chapter twenty
Chapter twenty-one
Chapter twenty-two
Chapter twenty-three
Chapter twenty-four
Chapter twenty-five
Chapter twenty-six
Chapter twenty-seven
Epilogue

Chapter one
Notes

Congratulations,
You have been accepted to the Music College of the University of the Arts in Cambridge, England.
Our world-famous campus is happy to welcome you into the ranks of our elite academy. We have reviewed your audition tape and believe you have great potential. We would be honored to include your unique abilities in our campus. Please arrange to travel to our campus, just south of Marshall Airport, Cambridge, to pick up your schedule, uniform, and room key at least three days before the beginning of the term on the 23 of August. We have included some personalized information for your convenience, including a bus schedule leaving the airport to campus and an explanation of our unique five-year program. Please be aware that we accept no late students, no excuses. Do not be late. Also note that every first-year student must try out for one sports team and every student, regardless of year, must be enrolled in the athletic program. Come prepared for try outs within the first few days of school. View the separate page and our website for more information about our varied extra-curricular activities or about your individual needs on campus. Please contact the Dean of Music Admissions, Thomas Allen, with any questions. 
Welcome. We are looking forward to a great year with your talent at UA,
Thomas Allen
The University of the Arts – Music College


Somewhere in Spain:
“My letter from the university came in today. They want me back for a fourth year. Isn’t that exciting, Mom?” Lupe announced to her mother at the dinner table, purposefully taking an oversized bite. She reveled in the disapproval in her mother’s gray eyes. She lived for moments like this. The university was where she wanted to be. Not this prison of a house.
“You can do what you want, Lupe, but you are paying for it. You know how your father and I feel about this…phase.” As if to make her point, her mother nodded towards her daughter’s UA shirt. “And get your feet off the chair. Just because your father is away on business doesn’t mean you can act the fool.”
“Fine by me,” Lupe finished her dinner quickly and packed what little she wanted to take from her ‘home’. The university was her real home--a home for the musically talented--with dorms. It was where she belonged. Talent was the only thing Lupe could rightly call her own. She was finished depending on her parents. After this year she wasn’t coming back.

Somewhere in Russia:
“Sasha. We got our ticket out of here, literally: UA is willing to pay for our plane ticket. Come on, there is nothing for us here. We have known that for the past two years. I say--after this year--we stay in England. Leave this place behind. We are all that we have left. England is safer for us anyway.”
“I know that, Demitri. I know that,” Sasha sighed, grabbed his bag, and packed the things his brother handed him, not bothering to look at what they were. He trusted him enough to give him the right stuff. It was habit by then; without trust they had nothing.

Somewhere in Japan:
“Masashi Sou!!” She had been yelling for him for the past ten minutes. He was ignoring her, trying desperately to drown her out with the words on the page. “Masashi!”
Masashi sighed and looked up from his music theory book. It wasn’t going to stop, was it?
“Do not make me come up and drag you down here! You know I will!” He swung his legs off his bed, making some unnecessary noise so she would silence herself for a moment. He calmly walked down the steep thin steps to see his bubbly and easily excitable sister, Miki, holding an open envelope and a white sheet of paper; he recognized the University’s emblem on the top of the parchment.
“What have I told you about opening my mail? Just because I am younger than you doesn’t mean you can ignore my privacy,” he said very calmly to her, knowing full well it would do no good. She did this all the time.
“You got accepted for your second year!” Miki was glowing, “Wait, weren’t you already accepted?”
“You have to audition every year to prove you are a good investment for the university to make and it helps with the scholarship process,” he explained, glancing at the letter, anxious to get his hands on it. She extended the letter towards him. “Thank you,” he said honestly, but with a touch of venom for her sake. He grabbed the letter and read it. She was right. He almost hit his head on his door frame as he went to pack his things. It was always hard to leave his family and he wanted to give himself as much time as possible.

Somewhere in Romania:
“Yo, Dragen! Put that guitar down for two seconds, you got mail,” Dragen sighed and headed to the back of the bus. “Looks like we’re losing our driver for another year, boys,” Stefan called to the rest of the band. Stefan was the drummer and unofficial leader of the band. He was the best at inspiring every member to work their hardest. And he always performed eloquently with crazy fans and interviews.
“Aw man, come on, Dragen. The last guy was awful!”
“Hey! It’s his dream, who are we to deny him the music that we taught him?” Stefan put the complaints to rest. “Well? What are you waiting for? Let’s get you packed.”
Dragen just nodded gratefully as Stefan cleared the way to his suitcase.

Somewhere in France:
“Percival!” His mother ran into the room smiling brightly. She wouldn’t look at him, keeping her eyes upwards.
“Mother, how many times do I have to tell you? I go by Percy now.”
“My apologies,” She curtsied with a smug look on her face. “Unfortunately I won’t get a chance to get used to that. Not for the next five years at least….” She let her sentence taper off to catch his interest.
“What in the Earth are you….” He caught a glimpse of the paper behind her back. She held it up for him to see. Watching the realization set in on his face, she smiled from ear to ear.
“You got a full-ride scholarship for all five years!”
“But, that has never happened before--not ever in the history of UA--I researched it,” Percy couldn’t believe his senses. This was not happening. Nothing this good had ever happened to him. This could be the fresh start he had been dreaming of.
“Look for yourself,” he said, handing over the ivory parchment. Percy read quickly; his mother hadn’t made a mistake. He ran onto the terrace and screamed like a mad man to the world that his dreams had come true.

Somewhere in the United States of America:
“Kallison Marie Hardford, get in here right now!!”
“What now?” Kalli ran down the hallway, her fuzzy socks slipping on the hardwood floor. Especially at times like these, distractions kept her young.
“What the heck is this?” Her mom was leaning against the kitchen sink holding up a thick piece of paper. Kalli recognized UA’s emblem on the top.
“Is that--?”
“It is an acceptance to….” She looked at the paper. “University of the Arts in Cambridge, England. It says here you got a full scholarship, 5 years. Wow they must want you really bad,” Kalli screamed and jumped around the kitchen. “You aren’t going,” Her mother’s voice crashed through her joy like a bundle of rocks over her head.
“What?” Kalli exclaimed, hardly able to believe her ears. “Mom, this is what I’ve been working for. It’s my dream! This is my life! Dad wanted me to go. He applied me before…” Kalli’s eyes slid to the floor. The past few weeks had been so hard.
“Well that wasn’t your father’s choice to make in his position,” her mom said. Her voice was cold. “You are not going to some school on the other side of the world. You are 17 years old. I’m not letting you go on some grand adventure to England. You are going to go to the college right here,” She added. “I was young once. I understand the appeal, but it’s not happening.”
“But, Mom!” Kalli protested.
“No ifs, ands, or buts about it. You aren’t going and that’s final,” Her mom went back to cleaning the dishes, turning her back on the tearing Kalli. Her decision was made and nothing her daughter said would change that.
“Fine!” Kalli yelled. She ran back to her room and slammed the door. She pulled out the already-packed suitcase from under her bed. This was her only chance. She was leaving tonight and that was final.

***


Chapter two
Prelude

Marshall Airport, Cambridge:
Kalli scrambled to catch the bus that was scheduled to leave for the campus in a few moments. It would be four hours before the next bus came, so she didn’t want to miss this one. She was a ticking time bomb just waiting to go off. She just had a very long flight resulting from an intense fear of flying combined with a screaming kid behind her. She was a complete wreck. The last strands of her ponytail barely caught in the band and her eyes wired from the plane’s coffee. Her luggage was heavy and slipping from her sweaty, stressed hands. She ran anyway. 
There were people all around her. Everyone seemed to be in a rush to get somewhere. She kept her eyes open for collisions; she got out of the crowd and relaxed a little. She was going to make it. The door to parking lot D was about 20 yards in front of her and the bus was waiting in a close parking spot. She quickened her pace. Out of the corner of her eye she saw a pale head covered in midnight black hair rushing in the same direction. She didn’t care until he ran into her right in front of the door, causing her to drop all her things.
“I am so sorry, Mademoiselle!” he said in a thick French accent. He knelt to the floor and handed her bags to her. Despite the collision, he was poised and graceful. Kalli felt a twang of jealousy which she attributed to her lack of poise on a good day. “I am terribly sorry.” He paused, taking a moment to look at her, “Well hello. My name is Percy.” He extended his free right hand politely.
He’s weird. I wonder if that’s how all French guys are? Well, I’m not gonna stay around to find out. “I’m in a hurry.” Kalli brushed past him and readjusted her bags as she walked towards the already nearly full bus.
“In-A-Hurry, That is an interesting name. I like it.” Percy easily caught up to her using the long legs of his 6-foot frame. “What’s the rush?”
“I have a bus to catch.” Part of her felt bad for being so short with him.
“Mind if I escort you? I’m headed to parking lot D.”
“Do I have a choice?” Kalli asked, frustrated. She really didn’t have the time, or the patience, for this clown. Who the heck is this guy? Why won’t he leave me alone?
“Of course, miss. If you wish for me not to, I will not.” His eyes were honest and wide.
“I prefer to escort myself.” She kept the words short and hard, making it obvious she did not want him around.
“As you wish.” He dropped behind her so she couldn’t see where he was headed, but she was not going to turn around to check. The last thing she wanted to do was encourage him.
Kalli barely made the 3 o’ clock bus. All the seats in the front were taken, so she walked to the back and sat next to the window. She closed her eyes for the first time in--what felt like--days. Maybe she could sleep on the way there. Exhaustion started to rush over her, inescapable like a storm.

Percy ran onto his bus just as it pulled out. “That was close,” he muttered to himself as he walked through the crowded aisle to the back of the bus. He rounded the corner to the main isle to see ‘in a hurry’ lying against the window. “Well, hello again.” Her eyes fluttered open and her smooth jaw opened as she stared at him. “In a hurry? Was it not? By the way it is generally not nice to stare, but I really don’t care if you do. Are you are going to UA as well?”
“Yes, obviously.” She faced the window again.
“That gives us something in common. Fate I believe they call that.” 
Kalli threw her head back in frustration. She regained her composure quickly. Was this guy following her? If so, how could she lose him? The last thing she needed was a stalker. “Let’s try something, shall we?” She smiled as nicely as she could muster. It was time for those years in theater to pay off.
“Of course!” His bright blue eyes lit up. He was happy to finally get some headway with her. He was poised on the edge of his seat. He couldn’t explain it, but he wanted to be her friend. He felt that he would need her at some point. And she would need him. Maybe it was just a feeling, but he was in the habit of trusting his instincts.
“Have you heard of a cannon or round? Like row-row-row your boat?” She asked earnestly.
“Gently down the stream?” He smiled his most charming smile.
“That’s the one.” She smiled back, convincingly.
“Yes, I have heard of it.” She noticed how startling his eyes were. The blue popped out against his pitch black hair and pale skin. He was young and trusting but old and wise at the same time.
“Well, I wrote one on the plane. Will you sing it with me?”
“Yes, but I must warn you I am not much of a singer.” Kalli wondered what his musical talent was. He struck her as a singer: relatively outgoing with good stage presence, something she recognized easily.
“That’s okay. I’m not great either. I’ll start. Here we go.” She sat for several minutes in silence before he began to wonder when he would hear her sing. He was terribly excited to see how talented she was.
“Uh… should we start?” he asked her softly and kindly, not wanting to offend her. He didn’t want to push her obviously thin patience.
“What are you talking about? We started a while back. You were doing so well at following along. But then you spoke and ruined the music.”
“Ha-ha,” he said with rich sarcasm. “You are rather humorous, miss.”
“And you are rather persistent, sir,” she said, imitating his accent poorly and smiling tightly before returning her concentration to the trees flying past the window.
“Are you making fun of my nationality? A lesser man would be offended.”
Kalli was silent, so he leaned towards the window to see what captivated her. She felt him shift, and his soft breath on her neck sent uncomfortable shivers down her spine. “Do you mind!? Goodness!” she pushed him hard in the chest to make him sit back. She was thankful that he stayed where he landed. She wasn’t sure what kept him there: fear, shock, or just obedience. Honestly, she didn’t really care as long as he didn’t try to talk to her again. At least he could understand such an obvious rejection.
Percy liked this one. She was a challenge. There was certainly something very special about this ‘In-A-Hurry’ girl.

“Maasaaaaaashiiii!!!” she cried, running eagerly to meet him and cherishing the warm hug his waiting arms gave her. 
“Lupe.” He greeted her calmly and pulled her into a tight hug; she was so small in his arms but not in a breakable way. She was too independent and strong minded to be breakable. Anyone who claimed otherwise didn’t have very long to live in this world.
“Are you still just as logical and calm, ‘Sushi?”
“As often as I can. How many times must I ask you to not call me Sushi? It’s Masashi.” He looked down into her gray eyes. They had a hint of lavender in them that fascinated him. His wrists rested comfortably on her waist as they always had.
“Sorry, slip of the tongue.” She smiled up at him, just happy to see him again. “How are Miki and Kaname?”
“Annoying as always,” he winked. She knew full well how important family was to him. They were the only people who truly got under his skin. Well…they and Lupe of course, because she refused to be left out of that club. “How was your summer?”
“Dull without you. Dad was gone most of the time and Mom tended to just look at me disapprovingly without much effort on my part. It’s sad when they stop trying to cover up that they’re disappointed,” She laughed. “Maybe I can move in with your family. They sound like a lot more fun.”
“You would be welcome.”
“Oi! You two! Am I going to have to hound you about public displays of affection again this year?” the head administrator of the dance college, Luke Stanley, said sternly. 
“I was hoping they would fire that guy,” Masashi sighed as he dropped his hands.
“Heard that!” Mr. Stanley said as a warning. It was his personal mission to keep the students of the Music College in check. No one knew why, but he seemed too invested in the Music College student’s behavior, maybe because the music program outshone his dance program every year. 
Lupe quickly changed the subject because she could see the danger in Masashi’s eyes. “Did you see who your roommate is for this year? Is he here yet?”
“Yeah, I looked into it; his name is Percival Delano. He is French--a first-year. Not great, but at least he’s not a smug fifth year like I had last year, and who knows,” he shrugged. “Maybe he’ll be interesting to mess with. Preferably quiet too.”
“You’re mean.” Lupe accused, but she was smiling so she knew he wasn’t completely serious. “I got a first year too. An American. Fresh blood,” She smiled almost demonically. “But, remember that Thomas wants us to try more to reach out to the younger grades, some kind of do-good kick he’s on. Oh! The twins called. They said they would be here by tomorrow.”
“Oh, good. More trouble,” Masashi muttered sarcastically. He wasn’t as fond of the twins as Lupe was. “At least Dragen will get here soon so there will be someone else with a logical bone in his body.”
“You could just say that you need someone to scare the living bejesus out of the twins for you so they’ll leave you alone. If you’re going to be mean you should just get to it, and don’t beat around the bush. If people annoy you so much, why don’t you just room with Dragen when he gets here?”
“Lovely as always,” He laughed lightly. “Dragen doesn’t want to. I brought it up last year, but if he can manage a room by himself he will do that every time. Nothing personal. He said he would be here the day after tomorrow. He called me yesterday to let me know,” Masashi flipped his new cell phone around his agile hand.
“Nice phone. How does that work, the calling thing? I have always wondered. I mean, he doesn’t really talk, so how do you know what he means over the phone?” Dragen was Masashi’s best friend. They fit together perfectly because neither of them liked to talk.
“Lupe, he is not a mute. He just prefers not to speak. He just told me like you would without all the excess babble,” He elbowed her. He had to bend over a little to hit her arm instead of her neck. What could he say? Lupe was short.
“Are you saying that I babble?” Lupe mocked hurt feelings and elbowed him hard in the stomach, but he barely felt it. After all year of her playful abuse, he had become immune to most pain.
“That is precisely what I am saying,” he grinned
“Some people never change,” She sighed. “Well, from what I can tell, this is going to be a very fun semester. I’m excited,” She did her little excited dance just to see his eyes roll.
“I know. I know, Lupe. I am too.”

***


Chapter three
Counterpoint

The bus pulled up in front of the large main building of the campus. Percy tried to help an unwilling Kalli off the bus since she was unsteady from the long bus ride. Not to mention, she just woke up and she had a tendency to not wake up happy and was stubborn as a mule to do things on her own.
“Careful, Mademoiselle. Let me help you,” Percy lifted Kalli off the bus easily despite her protests.
“Put. Me. Down!” She yelled. She hit his shoulders repeatedly. She had always been small for her age and all the guys loved to pick her up and move her around. At first it was nice that people were paying attention to her but it got old after a while. She didn’t need the help.
“I am sorry,” he said and quickly put her down and took a step back.
“It’s fine, whatever. I just know how to walk on my own.”
“It just looked like you could use some help.”
“Well,” she was shocked at his hesitant reaction. He was so confident but so concerned. “Thank you but I have it handled.”
“I am sure of that,” He smiled slyly. “Now if you will excuse me,” he took her hand and kissed it. “I must go take care of some business,” He walked to the boys’ line without turning back.
Kalli stood alone; frozen solid for several moments. No one had ever pulled that move on her. She had only seen it in movies. She finally recovered and walked into the girl’s line for the dorms to see what awaited her for the next year of her life.

The line moved slower than she expected. She found herself pacing back and forth about three feet side-to-side in her space in line. She noticed the girl behind her watching her intently. “Sorry. First time,” the girl behind her had dirty blonde hair that looked like it hadn’t been brushed in days. Kalli supposed she shouldn’t judge considering her hairband was barely staying in at the end of her hair.
“Mine too,” she responded then stuck her hand out. “Sara, Sara Sillin.” 
“Kalli Hardford, nice to meet you. Where are you from?”
“Sweden,” She nodded towards Kalli, asking her for a response. 
“America,” Kalli had stopped pacing and now could settle for simple rocking on her heels. “You excited to finally be here?”
“It hasn’t really set in yet,” Sara said. “You are excited, nervous?” her accent was thick and she had to struggle to form English sentences. 
“A little of both I guess. I think it will feel more real when the semester starts.”
“Next please,” the lady at the table said. Kalli stepped up and got her room key and schedule then waited for Sara as she filled out her paper work. 
“Where are you?” She asked.
“World Hall. You?”
“Smith Hall,” she said with a slight frown. “This is where we split.”
“We’ll see each other again. It’s a small school,” Kalli assured her. “See you around, Sara Sillin.”
“Nice to meet you, Kalli Hardford.”

Percy was on a straight line for Undersee Hall to check into his dorm. After years of pouring over the map, he knew before he arrived that it was next to the West Gardens. He had hoped to be put in Undersee for that reason alone. He hoped that perhaps being able to be in a garden every day would make him less homesick.
“Well, if it isn’t Mr. Percy Delano!” The man was middle aged and had distinct receding hair line and a red face. He took Percy’s hand and shook it vigorously.  “So nice to see that you made it here safely.”
“Thank you, sir. And you are…?” He said with a nervous smile.
“Oh, how very silly of me. I’m Thomas Allen, dean of the Music College. I reviewed your audition tape personally. I’m glad you are here. They are rare, talents like yours.”
Recognition flooded over him. “Thank you, Mr. Allen! Yes, I remember, we spoke on the phone last week. It’s such a pleasure to meet you in person.” 
“Yes, yes, yes. I’m expecting big things from you, Percy. Please call me Thomas. I expect we will be working closely for the next five years.”
“Alright, Thomas, I will do what I can to meet your expectations.” 
Mr. Allen laughed a hardy laugh and slapped Percy’s back. “That’s what I like to hear!” 

Lupe hated waiting for new roommates. Like a child, she needed constant activity or she started to destroy things, and her bookshelf was about to take a beating. All she could do was sit and wait for some little kid to arrive so she could say ‘Hi, nice to meet you, I’m Lupe. Bye now.’ Oh the struggles of being an upperclassman. She heard a key in the door. “Finally,” she muttered to herself. A young girl of maybe 17 or 18 years old opened the door. She hauled a suitcase about half her size; precariously wiggling its way into the room. She was small and innocent looking with long straight brown hair and wide, curious caramel eyes. But something about her expression was determined and strong. She huffed as she finally broke the suitcase through the doorframe. 
“Hi, I’m Kalli. I think you’re my new roommate,” She crossed the room and shook her hand.
“More like you’re mine,” Lupe corrected her. “First year, right?”
“I guess you’re right. I am the new one on campus,” Kalli pushed her hair out of her face. 
“You’re quick. I like you already. You know your place,” Kalli’s brown eyes widened. It could be a very long year with this girl as her roommate. She was hoping for someone kind and patient. The girl began laughing lightly. “I’m just teasing. Don’t be so tense. Welcome to UA. It’s great here. You’ll love it,” Her smile was pleasant as she shook Kalli’s hand. Kalli laughed with her, already feeling at home. “I’m Lupe by the way. It’s nice to meet you and I’m glad you are finally here.”
“Hi, Lupe. Sorry I took so long to get up here. I got held up in the line, and this thing,” she gestured to her monster case. “A lot heavier than it looks.”
“I understand that. I’m a fourth year and that blasted registration line is still just as unbearable every year,” Lupe flopped back down on her bed. “Well, I have something that I do with my roommate every year, a tradition of sorts. You up for it?”
“What is it exactly?” Kalli asked. Her caution sent Lupe into another roll of laughter. Kalli was a little offended by her outright mocking.
“Sorry, I find Americans funny and fascinating at the same time. Anyway, so, basically we sit down and learn everything about each other: how we got here, etcetera. You ready?” Her eyes were gray but had an odd purple tint added, which made her eyes sparkle with anticipation. She looked young for a fourth year but she had that look about her that said ‘don’t mess with me.’
“Yeah… sure why not?” Kalli had no real reason to say no.
“Awesome! Do you want to start or shall I?”
“Go ahead; show me how it’s done. Is it okay if I unpack while you talk?” Kalli asked, claiming the left side of the small dorm.
“Yeah, I guess, as long as you’re listening,” that wasn’t a problem for Kalli, but she ended up just sitting and listening anyway as Lupe’s voice pulled her so deep into the personal stories that she told. Lupe had grown up an only child. She said she had gotten anything she wanted… as long as she was seen as little as possible and heard even less. Her parents didn’t understand her need to express herself through clothes or hairstyles; the only thing they allowed to express herself was playing her violin. It became her escape until she sent in her application for UA. Her parents banned her from playing music saying she would never make a career out of it. But she played anyway and got accepted. Her parents gave up on keeping her home after her acting up and causing a fuss for their reputation for several weeks. So that was how she got to UA. Somewhat like Kalli did herself. Kalli looked at Lupe and suddenly understood her so much better; her chin-length spiky highlighted hair suddenly suited her. Her designer skinny jeans around her petite legs had a deep meaning behind them. Everything connected.
“Wow. I would have never… wow,” Kalli was awestruck by the small statured girl in front of her.
“Never would have guessed all that? Well, that’s the point of this: so there are no secrets to start out. It makes it easier to live together don’t you think?”
“Most definitely. I wish I could have done that with my mom before…” Kalli stopped mid-sentence
“Why did you stop? The point of this is to get it all out. I’m not going to judge you. Believe me, I have heard some bad stuff. I can handle it. What’s your story?”
“Well I ran away from home because my mom didn’t want me to come; said that it was no future for her daughter. My dad was the one who always believed in my music. He was the one who applied me--they were divorced, my mom and dad. But my dad had cancer and died three weeks before I got my acceptance letter. I haven’t played any music since then, but when I got the letter I couldn’t turn it down, not after everything my father went through for 17 years by supporting me. Besides, to turn down a full scholarship…it didn’t seem right.”
“Full scholarship? I am sorry about your dad, but you’re one of the two?”
“One of two? I’m sorry, I have no idea what you are talking about.”
“There were two extra talented students this year that got 5 year scholarships. That’s never happened before--when I asked all they would tell me is that there was one girl and one boy.”
“Wow I feel special,” Kalli said carefully.
“You should. You need to come with me,” Lupe grabbed her arm and drug her out the door, barefoot and all.

 “Ma--Masashi?”
“That would be me,” Masashi stood from his chair and book, extending his hand.
“Excellent. My name is Percival, I go by Percy,” He took the hand and smiled glad he had a nice roommate. He seemed distant though.
Masashi nodded. “So you are my new roommate?” Masashi looked him over. Percy seemed ecstatic. Even by first year standards.
“That’s me!” Percy looked over Masashi. His eyes were dark and guarded behind his thick glasses, yet he had a nice-looking face. They seemed to suit him. His black hair was straight and short not a hair rested on his face. The rims of his glasses obstructed his eyes just slightly. He noticed a small blue paperback book he held between his middle and fore finger with his ring finger holding a page about halfway through. “What are you reading?”
“Music and Theory, author unknown,” Masashi sat back down, giving Percy a chance to stop talking and unpack. He didn’t take the social cue.
“So you’re really into music?” Percy wasn’t sure if he should sit and get to know this guy or just leave.
“I am here am I not? Are you not ‘into’ music as well?”
“I love music. It is my life! And I’m good too! One of the best!”
Masashi looked up from his book suddenly interested. “How good?”
“I got a scholarship,” Percy said suddenly self-conscious.
“How big of a scholarship?” Masashi’s voice was all business; he needed to figure out what this guy could do. A lot of kids get scholarships. Masashi gets scholarships. Money is nothing to sneeze at but they don’t mean you’re the best of the best.
“Full 5-year.”
“You are one of the two?” Masashi couldn’t believe his luck.
“Uh…. I have absolutely no idea what you are talking about.”
Without a word Masashi grabbed Percy and hauled him out the door.

“So all your mangy kids are back I see,” Luke Stanley said, sipping his tea.
“Oh don’t go Scooby Doo on me. They aren’t bad kids. You just don’t like people,” Thomas Allen countered.
“Honestly, Thomas, I don’t know why you let those kids behave the way they do. Just this morning I caught two of your esteemed ‘Data Venia members’ nearly making children on school grounds. I mean, what is that? Why do you allow that?”
“I’m guessing by ‘making children’ you mean Mr. Sao’s hands were on Miss Gonzales’ waist.” 
“Thank the powers that be that I stepped in when I did, before things got too far developed.”
Thomas laughed. “Oh, Luke. Why don’t you just worry about your frisky little dance kids?”
“Because your kids are far more out of control. Besides, my kids are focused on bringing prestige to this University.”
“Well they do need to focus on that because mine obviously do that without trying--as they have for the past 20 years. How long have I been working here?”
“21 years,” he sighed.
“So with all due respect, Mr. Stanley, put a little sugar in that tea, take your pills, and leave my kids to do what they do best: making glorious award winning music.”

“Where are you?” Masashi was wondering about a garden talking on his cell phone. He kicked small stones off the path. “Coming to see me? I’m coming to see you… I have someone I want to introduce to you… what? Who?... Fine, just tell me where you are… I’m in the gardens by the guy’s dorms… Yes that one… Ok give me five minutes…Alright, great, I’ll see you soon,” He closed the phone. Percy was still confused as to why he was here and was even more puzzled after only hearing Masashi’s side of the conversation.
“Who was that?” He tried desperately to sound disinterested. 
“A friend of mine. We have a group of friends that I think you might fit well into. Apparently she wants me to meet her roommate. She’s ‘spectacular’ apparently,” Masashi rolled his eyes remembering all her word antics last year. She used to yell at him because he had such an expansive English vocabulary but he never used it.
“Cool. This is exciting. I never expected my first day here would be this busy. I thought I would just unpack and get settled like any other first year. But no, I get to be drug around by a guy I barely know to a girl I don’t know at all on an unfamiliar campus. How fun,” Percy’s voice was dripping with sarcasm by the end of his statement but Masashi paid no mind.
“Wait until you meet the twins.”
“Are they fun?”
“I guess you could say that. All I can say is that you will get used to not planning of your day ahead of time because they will do all in their power to make…havoc in your life,” Masashi smiled about how annoying they were last year. Maybe they grew up over the summer, but he doubted it. “There she is,” Percy turned to see a short girl with chin-length spiky black hair with lavender highlights. Behind her, trying to keep up was--surprise, surprise--‘In-A-Hurry’. He couldn’t stifle his hysterical laughter.
“What is so humorous, are you alright?” Masashi asked one eyebrow lifting slightly.
“I’m just fine,” He managed a bright grin at ‘In-A-Hurry’
“Are you following me?!” Kalli yelled at him in frustration. She thought she had lost him at the main building but no, here he was showing up again. Why was nothing easy anymore?
Percy shook his head and broke out into hysterical laughter again. “You two know each other?” Both Lupe and Masashi demanded at the same time, glancing only briefly at each other.
“No,” Kalli said dismissively. But, at the same time Percy said: “Yup. Met on the bus here.”
“So, technically we have met,” Kalli admitted, emphasizing the ‘met’ to show they were not friends nor did she have any desire to become so.
“But she won’t even tell me her name.”
“And he refuses to leave me alone!”
Percy fell silent for a moment. He was shocked at how strong her dislike was towards him. His voice lowered to a slight whisper. “Can we start over?”
Something about his bright, hope filled blue eyes made her a little sorry that she had been so harsh on him today but only a little sorry. “Whatever.”
“Hello, my name is Percy,” he said holding out a pale, thin hand. She swore his fingers went on for miles.
“Kalli,” she took it and shook it wanting to get her hand back as soon as possible but he held onto it far too long for comfort.
“That’s a good name. I like it much better then ‘In-A-Hurry’,” a smile crept onto his face, but he tried to suppress it.
“Thanks,” she tried on her hand again, but his grip was firm.
“You are very welcome, Kalli,” He smiled charmingly and Kalli couldn’t help herself. She smiled back. The way he said her name was musical.
“Well, now that that’s all sorted. I’m Lupe and this Masashi. We are part of a group at this school. It’s not an official group but most of the students and faculty treat us like one. We call ourselves Data Venia.  Basically, we are the best of the best. We don’t mean to brag but it’s the truth. We have the talent, we have the experience, and,” she smiled coyly. “We have the look. We think we have found our two new members for this year… We have heard what the two of you have accomplished.”
“The two of us?” Kalli asked, slightly confused by all of this. It had been a long day; she was pretty done with people being vague.
“You are the two full scholarships. A first for UA.”
Percy and Kalli looked at each other incredulously silently saying. “No way.”
“It is the truth,” Masashi said in a calm ‘duh’ kind of way.
“What are your focuses?” Kalli asked suddenly excited she found someone who actually could be of use to her as a friend here, despite how irritating he had been up to this point.
“Piano and music composition, what about you?” His sapphire eyes were sparkling with excitement.
“Piano and vocal performance.”
“I wouldn’t have pegged you for a singer, I can’t sing to save my life,” he admitted bashfully.
“Really? Wow.”
“Masashi?” Lupe interrupted the conversation.
“Yes, Lupe?” He answered just on principle because he knew exactly what her thought process was. After a year plotting with her, he knew what she had in mind.
“Are you thinking what I am thinking?”
“Yes,” he said. He smiled and pushed up his glasses. “Yes, I do believe I am.”
“You two,” Lupe said, harshly pointing at Percy and Kalli. “We shall hold a contest of talent. You are both focusing on piano, but who is better?” Both Percy and Kalli were suddenly very scared of the short-statured young woman. Lupe had a way of doing that to people.
Percy and Kalli tried to speak but they were again interrupted but this time by the quiet, and also terrifying, Masashi. “You don’t know. You have never heard one another play,” his supreme logic and calmness was outstanding to Kalli. He had the same bored, neutral expression on all the time.
“I don’t really care who is more talented,” Percy interjected his long, thin hands up in surrender.
“We do,” Lupe said, grinning wildly. She loved this kind of game. It was entertaining. Lupe grabbed Percy and Masashi grabbed Kalli. Percy eventually just decided it was useless to fight it. Kalli however, was a complete pain in Masashi’s side, literally, kicking and screaming the entire time. “Who wants to go first?” Lupe asked standing in front of a grand piano on a stage.
“I’ll go,” Kalli said reluctantly after a short silence. “Um… this is something I wrote for my audition tape,” she sat at the beautiful piano and spread her fingers over the keys. After that she didn’t have to think; her hands took over. That was part of her gift. She didn’t have to think about the music: it just flowed out of her like water from a pitcher.
Percy listened as the musical chords filled the room in a sweet softness that was the piano. Suddenly changed into a quick-paced, light and bouncy melody mixed with arpeggios and scales with an obvious melodic line through the entire piece it ended with a reprise of the soft beginning slowing to a soft ending. He couldn’t remember the last time he had heard something so beautiful. He looked at her face--it was happy and calm--no stress lines like he normally saw her plagued with. She was nowhere near this hall in her mind. In her music she was somewhere where she could just be happy and live.
Kalli finished before she knew she had started. Her fingers served her well. They knew the piano like she knew her old house in California: she could walk around in the dark and not hit anything. She stood slowly and jumped off the stage. Masashi wiped his eyes discreetly and said. “Your turn kid,” he pushed Percy forward lightly and he stumbled.
“You expect me to play after that?” Percy said.
Kalli walked over to where they were standing towards the back of the magnificent hall.
“I-- I just--ugh never mind,” he stammered and finally jumped onto the stage with amazing grace and ease.
“What was all that about?” Lupe asked Kalli, confused.
“I have no idea” Kalli replied quietly. She turned back around to see Percy sitting at the grand piano. He began playing what sounded to her like a lullaby; slow and peaceful; she felt like she was flying. She could see his lips moving as if he was singing to himself. He looked so unmistakably happy. He finished in a low cord that almost made Kalli cry of sadness because it was over.
Percy came off the stage and they all stood in silence proving one thing:
It was a tie.

***


Chapter four
Septet

Just after leaving the old piano building, the entire group was laughing and joking.
“Lupe!” she turned to see Mr. Allen coming up quick behind them. 
“Oh, hey there, Tom,” Lupe gave him a little curtsy in recognition. Kalli figured it was close as she could get to respecting authority.
“Thomas,” he corrected.
“You know how I am with names, Tom-y-poo.”
“Let’s not fall back into bad habits, Miss Gonzales,” she just smiled in response because she knew she had won. As always. “Oh good! I see that you two have met. I do hope that you two find ways to partner up on creative projects, with both of you being so talented.” Thomas looked over at Percy and Kalli, who were standing a safe three feet from each other.
“Actually, sir, we….”Kalli started.
“Oh already getting along swimmingly I see, yes, yes. I look forward to great things from the two of you,” he started to walk away. “Oh, Lupe. I am hoping you can find room for them in your group, to ensure they have effective mentorship.”
“Of course, Thomas,” he smiled and left.

The group was walking back to the community lobby when Percy and Kalli were pulled back.
Kalli was grabbed from behind by the waist and Percy from behind by the upper arms.
“Who are the new ones?” Two voices said in unison. The voices were similar. They had the same tenor and tone to them also they had the same young quality. Full of life.
Kalli turned quickly and grabbed the arms of her captor. She was about to kick him where the ‘sun don’t shine’ as the saying goes, but she paused. She was looking at probably the tallest, best looking, auburn-haired male she had ever seen. His surprised and amused green eyes looked down at her from over a foot over her head. In her surprise, he took the chance to take her hand that was holding his arm and begin stroking it.
“I apologize. I did not mean to frighten you,” his thick Russian accent was obvious.
“Leave her alone, Demitri,” Lupe said rolling her eyes. Demitri dropped her hand and moved over to Percy who was being held by the other Russian twin. Kalli couldn’t tell them apart other than knowing which one attacked her.
“What do we have here, Sasha?”
“I am not completely sure, brother. Black hair, pale skin, what color are his eyes?” Sasha asked.
“Bright blue,” Demitri said. He came down about six inches to be eye to eye with Percy.
“Where are you from?” Sasha asked. He put his head on Percy’s shoulder, still holding his arms.
“France,” Percy said. “Will you please get off me now?” Sasha easily removed himself and the twins both walked over to Kalli. They both took one hand and kissed it saying:
“Sasha.”
“Demitri.”
“At your service,” they said the last together as if it had been rehearsed but something told her that it just happened naturally. “And your name?” Sasha asked.
“Kalli.” She snapped and pulled her hands out of theirs. They didn’t seem to notice or get discouraged.
“Kalli. That’s a pretty name, American? We are Russian--and twins obviously--can you tell us apart yet?” Demitri said.
“No, I can’t, but I am trying to figure it out.” Kalli kept her jaw tense. 
“We like you already,” it was incredibly unnerving to hear them speak, such sweet voices speaking in perfect unison. It was unnatural yet it seemed right for them.
“I thought you two weren’t coming until tomorrow,” Masashi said, his fingers pinched the bridge of his nose like he had suddenly come down with a headache.
“We caught an early flight. Are you not happy to see us?” They said together. They circled him like two hungry vultures and studied him like he was a sculpture in a museum.
Masashi pushed up his glasses and regained his earlier calmness. “Overjoyed. You simply caught me off guard.”
“We have to give you this much, ‘Sushi: you are a dang good liar,” Demitri said. The twins turned around and hugged Lupe kindly from both sides.
“Ah!” Lupe screamed as both Sasha and Demitri took a turn picking her up. Kalli didn’t understand why she enjoyed it so much. She had enjoyed being picked up at the beginning of middle school but then it got old. Everyone wanted to pick her up and move her, it got frustrating. Percy looked at her with a knowing look. She wasn’t sure whether to smile or grimace. She decided on a neutral look, but when he smiled at her--like before--she couldn’t help smiling back. How is that she hardly knew him and really wasn’t fond of him yet he could elicit such a reaction from her? If Kalli were being honest with herself, it scared her a little bit. With everything that had happened, her heart had been cold and closed to anyone who tried to get close; somehow he was cutting through the walls she had put up with such diligence as easily as if they were ice and he had a flame thrower.

Sasha and Demitri had officially settled in by the next day; they had a habit of just making home of wherever they were because they often didn’t get much chance to stay in one place for very long.  The problem with the twins is that they constantly needed entertainment and the new first years were interesting to say the least.
“Percy is a predictable character he will always do the gentlemanly thing, but Kalli is a fighter--perhaps an interesting challenge--Sasha?” Demitri had always been the plotter. He had an expansive mind when it came to what he could do, but the planning part of it came as more a challenge. That was his brother’s job.
“With all due respect, dear brother, I believe you may be wrong about the Frenchman. I believe he could be a wild card in our game; I believe he will be unpredictable when it comes to his emotions. What say you?”
“Perhaps,” He shrugged. “Maybe we should go talk to her. Have some fun,” He motioned towards Kalli sitting at a dining hall table. They smiled at each other and made their moves. With amazing grace, they both jumped on the table and sat with their feet facing her sitting on the bench. She was stuck with one twin on each side.
“What are you doing?” Demitri asked picking up the sheet of paper under her pen that was momentarily pulled away from the paper in shock of the sudden visit. “Letters?” He handed one to Sasha’s ready hand. “What do these look like to you dearest brother?” His eyes were fixed on Kalli while he spoke; judging her reactions.
“Letters to home perhaps?” Sasha leaned into Kalli exactly mirroring his brother.
“Go away,” Kalli said weakly. She grabbed for her papers, but they held them out of her reach.
“Tell us who the letters are to,” They said together.
“That’s none of your beeswax,” Kalli said. She tried to close the conversation by standing from the table and walking away, but they followed her and each twin took one of her arms again trapping her in a no win situation.
“Come on, tell us!”
“Never. Let go of me,” she struggled even though it was no use. They were 6’7” and she was 5’6”. She had little advantage over them.
“We are just going to walk you to where ever you need to go,” Kalli couldn’t believe how innocent they sounded. They even sounded sincere to her untrusting ears. But in her heart she knew it was a lie.
“Fine,” she said. “I give. If you must know, the letter is to my mom. Big whoop.”
“Ah, ah, ah,” they said, persistent for the whole truth. “There are two letters. So if one was to your mom, who was the other to?” They were tormenting her on purpose; it was all a fun game to them. A sick game.
“My boyfriend back home. Drake,” a stir in the pit of her stomach made her think she was going to be sick. She hadn’t even said goodbye before she ran. She hadn’t even thought about it, she just acted. She hoped that a handwritten letter to both would mend the wounds she was sure that she had inflicted. But to be honest, she wouldn’t go back.
The twin’s eyes widened and the edges of their mouths raised slightly. “Boyfriend? What’s he like? How long have you been dating? Is it serious? How old is he? Where is he going to school? Where does he live? What’s his favorite color? Food? Game?...” They switched off each question but it still sounded like one person. They inched closer with each question until each identical face was dangerously close to her cheeks.
“Stop it!” She had to scream to stop them. “Both of you. Get out of my bubble right now!”
They both closed the gap and kissed her on the cheeks. They ran away singing: “Teehee, we kissed Kalli, teehee!”
“Ah!!” Kalli screamed after them. “Stupid Russian Twins!”

 “We kissed Kalli! We kissed Kalli!” The twins ran through the music hall where the Data Venia members were gathering. They jumped and sung as loud and high as their impressive ranges would allow.
“What…?” Lupe asked, confused, but not at all interested.
“It is just as we say… We kissed Kalli!” They continued their song.
“Well, actually, Sasha made the first move,” Demitri winked.
“I thought she was anti-guys,” Percy said. He doubted their story, but they had his interest peaked.
“Well not all guys. And what a shame it would be if she was. Apparently she has a boyfriend back home. Drake,” Demitri said the name slowly to let the mood sink in.
“Really?” Percy said, “Wait. So where in all of this does the kissing come in?”
The twins grinned evilly. “Well… in the act of trying to figure out who her boyfriend was, we realized she has space issues. Being in close proximity to others bothers her. So we leant in close and both took a cheek. She then futilely attempted to slap us as we skipped away singing,” Lupe began high-fiving them but Percy interrupted.
“Why would you do that? That is so mean! She deserves better than that!”
“Sensitive subject it seems. Why so concerned?” Sasha said. He and Demitri began circling him accusingly.
“I--I’m not concerned,” Percy recovered quickly. He wouldn’t let the twins get into his head. “I am simply worried about your egos”
“Oh believe, us our egos are intact and a big as ever,” They laughed at his concern and ran to share their news with a conveniently absent Masashi.
Percy didn’t know why he was so concerned for Kalli, but he knew he was very concerned indeed.

Masashi had successfully avoided the drama that was created in the wake of the twins. Kalli was angry for explainable reasons. Percy was quietly angry for unexplainable and illogical reasons. And the twins were insanely pleased with themselves for the wrong reasons. All caused a headache when he tried to sort through it all. They all had reasons. Some weren’t as clear as others though. It was aggravating to him. he couldn’t wait for Dragen to arrive; he was the only thing that scared the twins silly just by looking at them. He was so excited.

“It’s none of your concern, Stanley,” Lupe stopped herself before turning the corner and peeled her ear to hear.
“Your students are making a fool of this institution!” Luke said. It made sense to hear Luke with this rhetoric. He was up to his old tricks and preaching the same nonsense he normally does, but she worried that maybe this time he would be serious.
“Yes. My students! My jurisdiction!” 
“If this continues after the start of semester, they won’t be your students anymore, because I’ll see them all expelled,” that was all they said, Lupe took a deep breath before going back the way she came. They would all have to be more careful.

“Percy! Come sit with me,” Percy turned to see Kalli’s eager, brown eyes. She was patting the seat next to her at the normal dining hall table. “Hurry, before they get here!” She said and waved him towards her quickly. He walked towards her feeling used but willing. She tolerated him more now, but she still wasn’t one to invite him to be near her. 
“I am assuming this is over the twins,” He sat next to her at the edge of the table.
“Yes,” she paused and looked down. “And no.”
“No?” He and Kalli had bonded a little over the past few days with Data Venia forcing them to be near each other, but he was still looking for a crack in her armor.
“I just--I don’t want to talk to them, so yes, I guess it is about the twins, but not about the kiss--kisses,” She made it plural reluctantly. Percy guessed it was because she never wanted it to happen, much less twice at the same time.
“So it’s about Drake,” her head popped up in a mad, confused look. He shrugged. “The twins sang to me,” he gave a slight smile remembering the songs they had been singing the past couple of days. It was getting ridiculous. Though a nice distraction from all the other things that needed to be done.
“Uh!” She buried her face in her arms.
“Do you want to talk about it? Get it off your chest?” He searched for her eyes behind her arms.
“Are you willing to listen?” She murmured into her arms.
“Of course. I am always here for you,” he wanted to express how much he wanted to be close to her and be her friend, but he decided that it would not be good for his motives if he were to freak her out.
“Yeah, sure whatever,” she sighed. “Picture this: blonde hair, green eyes, tan, built, all and all gorgeous. Typical California boy, like the ones in movies,” Percy’s stomach turned but he maintained his composure. “So anyway, he isn’t only cute, he’s nice and considerate, but he knows when to give me my space. I really don’t deserve someone like him. When I got my acceptance letter, my mom said I couldn’t go, so I ran away. That wouldn’t be that bad when put by itself, but I didn’t even take the time to say goodbye to him. I just got up and left in the middle of the night.”
“Must have broken his heart, poor kid.”
“You say that like I don’t already know it. He’s probably pissed and never wants to see my face again,” Kalli sighed, her voice filled with guilt and misery.
“It will all work out, you will see,” that was all he could think of saying. He wished to hug and console her but she would not respond well to that, he knew that much. So he just sat there in agony for her, unable to do anything to help her. It was rare that he had no idea what to do but when it did come he felt useless.
He was useless.

***


Chapter five
Agitato

The girls’ dorm lobby had become a popular hangout of the entire Data Venia, which was perfect for Kalli. The couches were comfortable, the atmosphere was calm, and no one shushed them for talking. 
“I’m so excited for the winter formal! Normally I don’t like dresses and all that crap but, I don’t know, this time I am,” Lupe was going on about some dance at the end of semester while tuning her guitar in the lobby. Apparently ‘everyone is going to be at the formal’. She made it sound like some Hollywood red-carpet event where everyone who was anyone would show up looking fantastic.
“Isn’t it a bit far away to start planning for?”
Lupe tsked. “Kalli, Kalli, Kalli. We have to get dresses now because come that time of semester we won’t have time. Besides, it’s fun!”
“Formal? I don’t think I’ll go,” Kalli said plainly. She had no money for a fancy dress. Even if she did, dances were never her scene. Falling over in a dress didn’t seem like a good idea. Not most people’s idea of classy.
“Won’t go? Kalli, please, why not?” Lupe whined and her puppy dog eyes worked incredibly well despite her sassy personality.
“I can’t afford a dress. I ran away remember?” Kalli shrugged, sinking further into the lobby couch. She wanted to disappear.
“That’s right… at least come with me to try stuff on. I’ll need a second opinion. And, who knows, maybe we will find a nice dress on sale.”
“Lupe, that’s not likely at this time of year. Besides, my price range is free or they give me money to buy it. Otherwise, I can’t afford it. Sorry,” Kalli was sick of this subject.
“Hm, quite a predicament,” Percy flipped onto the couch beside Kalli. “Maybe I can be of assistance.”
“How…and why?” Kalli was suspicious she wasn’t in the habit of accepting favors from guys she barely knew. Nine times out ten they wanted a favor in return and usually it was something she wasn’t willing to give.
“My mother. She gave me 500 pounds for spending money that she had saved for my tuition. Since I got the scholarship she told me to spend it on what I see fit. And I see it fitting for you to go to the formal,” Percy sat next to her on the couch, a little too close for comfort--the normal in Europe. All the people here were a little closer than in America. Lucky for her, Data Venia had made a point of backing up a little to make her less on edge, conscious or not, she appreciated it.
“Why…?”
“Because you are my friend and I want you experience life. Is that not reason enough?”
“It is….” She still wasn’t sure she wanted him buying her a pretty dress. She didn’t like to feel indebted to people.
“Your voice sounds hesitant,” he accused.
“Never mind. Thank you,” it was terribly nice of him, but she was still suspicious of his intentions.
“What day are the two of you going to town? Masashi and I need to get our tuxes fitted. Perhaps we can escort you.”
“Thursday, the day after tomorrow,” Lupe said, finally stepping into the conversation. She felt left out of the spotlight. Kalli’s eyes widened a bit. How long had it been since she left? She silently tried to count on her fingers.
“Very well, I shall tell Masashi,” Percy sprinted towards the dorms and Kalli wondered why he was in such a hurry. Maybe he just enjoyed running.
“This has the potential to be interesting”
Kalli turned back to her and came out of her daze. “I’m sorry?”
“Don't worry your pretty little head. Just a passing thought,” Lupe said and went back to her guitar.

“You know I’m fond of you, Lupe, but you and the rest of Data Venia are still just students at this school. Now, you’re the upperclassman so I need you to keep you and your friends reeled in. Luke is looking for any reason to expel you so don’t give him one. Live by the rules and do as you’re told.”
“Sir….”
“I know you hate that but I need you to do it. For me.”
“Yes, sir.”

 “So, where do you ladies wish to start?” Masashi was always the gentleman. The emotionless walking robot gentleman, but kind none-the-less.
“There is a little boutique not far from here. I bought my dress there last year. And many of their dresses are reasonably priced,” Lupe gave Kalli a wink hoping that she would reconsider her refusal to go to the dance.
“Very well, lead the way Lupe.”
“Don’t you two need to do something with your tuxes?” Kalli was confused. Why would they walk with them? It’s a little weird to have guys waiting outside the dressing rooms.
“Yes, we are sure to pass that way but in this part of town we don’t want to split up,” Masashi explained kindly.
“I agree. This is not the best area to have two young Mademoiselles wandering alone,” Percy said completing Masashi’s dark thought.
“Are you suggesting that we can’t protect ourselves?” Kalli said sarcastically, pushing Percy’s shoulder. Over the past few days they had made a silent arrangement to pretend to be friends until it actually happened and it seemed to be working.
“Perhaps,” Percy said with a soft smack over her head. Kalli giggled and followed Lupe and Masashi to a small shop on a street corner. Lupe was short and skinny, this shop was perfect for her, but Kalli took one look and knew no dress in there would fit her thin, 5’6” frame.
“Are you coming or not?” Lupe paused.
“Nothing in there is going to fit me. I’m too tall,” Lupe looked inside and looked at Kalli and sighed. “Don’t worry, you go ahead. I’ll wait with the guys. Go on,” Kalli smiled reassuringly.
“Okay,” Lupe said slowly and walked gracefully into the shop.
Kalli leaned against the brick building and began to think about home, her mother, and Drake. She still felt terrible for not saying goodbye. What were they doing? Did they miss her? She bet Drake did, but not her mom. Her mom had probably disowned her, ‘Kalli who?’ she would say. Otherwise she would have called the university by now. It wasn’t like her disappearance was mysterious. The group sat in a comfortable silence for several moments before anyone spoke.
Percy broke the silence. “You are thinking about him aren’t you?” He said, but she didn’t answer. She was too deep in thought to hear him. “Hello? Planet Earth to Kalli. I’m speaking to you,” Percy waved his hand in front of her face, she flinched back, startled. She rubbed the back of her head where she had banged the wall.
“Yeah. Sorry. What?”
“I asked you a question.”
“Can you repeat it? I didn’t hear you,” Kalli said. She clicked her jaw. “I am not fond of your ‘tude either.”
“’Tude?”
“Yes. Attitude. Tone of voice. Disrespect. Pick your word. What was your question?” her voice was thin, she didn’t like people interrupting her thoughts. She rocked back and forth on her heels, waiting for him to answer.
Percy sighed in a desperate attempt to calm himself down, why was he acting like this? What would it matter to him if Kalli was thinking about Drake? “Never mind. It wasn’t important.”
“If it wasn’t important you wouldn’t have asked in the first place so spit it out!” Kalli was angry now. He had interrupted her thoughts and she refused to make that meaningless.
“Why don’t you just go back to your precious thoughts?” Percy snapped.
“Don’t mind if I do! I was having a very nice daydream!”
“Really? Well that isn’t surprising considering the way your face was,” he wiped his mouth with his sleeve.
“Excuse me?”
“It was about that boy, Drake, was it not?” Percy accused before he could think.
“Why do you care?”
“I don’t,” Percy denied and pushed himself away from the wall to stand only inches from her. She could hear his shallow breath and feel the heat of his chest. “I just don’t think you should hold onto him like this. You are here, he is there, end of story. Move on.”
“I don’t mean to interrupt,” Masashi stepped in. “But the two of you are making a scene,” Kalli and Percy ignored him.
“Move on? Do you mean to say you don’t think Drake and I can have a long-distance relationship?” Kalli demanded inching toward him closing the gap even further. Her eyes were narrow and her vision reddened.
“No--as a matter of fact--I don’t! Besides, didn’t you leave!? Whoever said he still wants to be with you?! Maybe he already moved on. Ever think of that?” Why was he saying these things that would cut her so deep? He knew how much it would affect her but he couldn’t stop himself.
“I…” Kalli had no comeback. “I hate you!” she slapped him--hard--across the face and ran down the street. Percy fell back the blow and his knees gave out against the wall. She was strong and his cheek stung.
“Kalli!” She ran from the voice, hot tears of anger running down her face. She ran as far down the street as her lungs would allow then turned down a thin alleyway between two shady-looking stores.
She dropped to her knees facing the dark brick wall and cried. She wanted to take it all back. She wanted to go home and kiss Drake, hug her mom, and make it all better. She wished she had never met Percy Delano.
Not even a second after the thought had passed her mind, that she realized that it was a lie. She didn’t hate Percy. She wasn’t even that mad at him. She was mad at herself. Percy had been right about everything. She couldn’t face him, not after what she had said to him, done to him. Why did she have to do that? Say that? She was not acting like herself. Maybe this was some kind of stress thing, but she hated herself for the way she was now.
“Hey, sweetheart. Need to get somewhere?” Kalli’s blood froze as a strong unfamiliar hand landed on her shoulder.

“Percival?” Masashi tried to lift Percy from the cobblestone ground but he pushed him off and got up on his own. “Are you alright?”
“Fine,” he said his hand rubbing his still stinging face. For such a small girl she had a lot of power behind her. He should have expected that with as strong as she acted; like nothing could touch her. Maybe he actually got past her thick skin this time and he wished he could take it back, despite the fire in his chest. He tried to breathe and shake the adrenaline out of his veins.
“We need to go after Kalli; this isn’t a safe area for her to be wondering alone,” Masashi looked around to see if he could spot her in the crowds.
“She can take care of herself!” Percy hissed under his breath. He was immediately taken aback by himself. He let his head fall and continued shaking his hands to cool off.

“Ah, the campus is so much more serene without your ruffians running about,” Luke stretched his arms over his head.
“If they bother you, why don’t you stay on your side of the school?” Thomas shot back. Only a week back on the job and Luke was already trying his nerves. 
“Maybe I should.”
“Yeah, maybe. Over there you could teach your kids how to dance.”
“My kids are fantastic dancers.”
“That’s not what your stats show. Why would you get into this job knowing you hate kids so much?”
He shrugged. “Money’s good, and I love to dance.”
“Why not just dance for a living?”
“My body couldn’t handle it.”

“Get off me you creep!” Kalli screamed pushing the man away from her.
“Creep? Oh dearie. I am no creep. I just want to help you out. Maybe we can help each other,” The light hair on his head shone as he stepped towards her again this time grabbing her waist and pulling her towards him roughly. He wanted more than a conversation from her. “I need a ticket out of here, and you just might do the trick. Quiet now and this will go very nicely,” He started to pull her out of the alley where two more men were waiting by a van.
“Let. Me. Go!” She screamed as loud as she could. The man covered her mouth with his large hands and she bit him, “Percy!” She screamed out the first name in her head, hoping he would hear.

 “Did you hear that?” Masashi tilted his ear towards the wind but the voice was gone.
“It’s Kalli,” Percy’s heart froze and pounded painfully with fear.
“Really? Are you sure? The voice sounded terrified, like something was after it.”
Percy’s blood pounded hot in his ears, his blood filled with a fiery fury and adrenaline that shot through his entire body. “She’s in trouble,” Percy ran and willed his legs to go faster; he never should have let her go, “Kalli!!”

“Who’s Percy? Stop screaming.”
“PER…cy…” she choked on the name; he had pulled her back into the alley and held her against the wall. She could barely breathe; her hands were useless against his iron hold.
“This would have been much easier if you had been compliant. I just need someone to drive me and my buddies out of the city,” He turned her around and locked her arm behind her back and pushed her back towards the van. Fear gripped in her heart. She didn’t deserve this after everything she had been through in the past few months. No one deserved this. Why her? She searched around for a way out, but the street was deserted.
“Get. Away. From. Her!” Kalli heard a vaguely familiar voice screaming at her captor but the sound came muted to her from the blood that was trapped in her ears. She felt something cold on her neck and saw Percy stop dead in his tracks. Percy put a hand out as if to calm the man behind her. “Put it down.”
“No way, mate,” The other two men came over to assist him.
“It doesn’t have to be this way. Let’s just talk about this like gentlemen.”
The man was desperate, but so was Percy. “There is no other way out of this for us. We need her,” the man took a new hold, his arm went around Kalli’s neck, choking her, and he held the knife to her face. 
Kalli’s hands went to his arm, trying to break free. “Percy!”
“Kalli! Kalli! Stop struggling! Please! Let me handle this,” He begged.
“Yeah, you’re doing great at that!” She screamed, tears running down her face. 
“Kalli, shut up! Please!” She was shocked into silence. “Why do you need her? Why her?” He stepped towards them. The man ran the blade across Kalli’s cheek, drawing a thin line of blood. Percy put his hands up and backed up again. “Why her?”
“We need her to drive us out of the city. We need to get away unseen.”
“So you’re fugitives?” His mind raced for a way to talk Kalli out of this. She was still crying. “Kalli, calm down, I won’t let them hurt you anymore.”
“That’s not a promise you can make, mate.” 
“Yes it is, because I need her too which is why you are going to take me instead. It doesn’t have to be her.”
“No, Percy!” She struggled again, raising her arm to try to loosen his grip. He replied with a long cut on her arm.
“Stop! Please! Just, let her go. I won’t fight. I’ll go with you. Just let her go,” the man loosened his hold. “Tell your guys to get in the van. Let her go and I will come and get the keys from you.”
The man nodded at his men and loosened his grip slightly. Percy waited for the men to be in the van and secured then his instincts took over. He ran at the man and knocked the knife out of his hand, freeing Kalli. He then punched him repeatedly in the face, cursing at him in French with every blow. The man was unconscious after such abuse. The other men drove off. Percy ran over to Kalli and did an assessment:  Her face was colorless and her normally pale neck was red with choke marks. Her clothes were wet with blood and her eyes were swollen from crying. She was hysterical. Her short, shallow breathes caused her to collapse. He caught her just before she hit the pavement. She looked like Hell ran over her with a shovel in hand. Masashi came running down the street.
“What happened?” he ran and took Kalli’s other side. He checked her pulse and sighed. “She is alive but her pulse is too quick, probably from exerting herself. And she is losing blood fast. We must work quickly.”
“Her arm is bleeding badly.”
“I can wrap it. I just need some cloth.”
Percy quickly undid his black button down shirt and took his undershirt and threw it at Masashi, “Use this to wrap her arm as best you can until we can get to campus. They have a good medical wing. She needs help as soon as possible.”
Masashi worked quickly and carefully on Kalli’s arm, trying his best not to jostle her too much. “I hate to put her through more pain but we need to move her.”
“I agree. I will take her back to campus. You have a phone?”
Masashi nodded.
“Put in a call to the police, find Lupe, and get out of here. I’ll see you back at the school,” Percy carefully lifted Kalli from the ground.
“Very well. Good luck,” Masashi flipped open a cell phone and started dialing. 
Percy boarded the bus and carefully carried Kalli to the empty back of the bus--ignoring the odd looks from locals--he set her thin legs towards the window, placing her head on his lap. She looked like she was having a terrible nightmare. He couldn’t blame her. He lightly brushed her bloody brown hair off her face. She was still pale and he imagined she was still losing blood behind the shirt.
“Percy,” she mumbled sleepily. She still looked asleep. It dawned on him she was sleep talking. He had heard of this but had never actually seen it.
“It’s okay Kalli, you’re safe,” He brushed her arm lightly to comfort her.
“So sorry.”
“It’s okay Kalli, I forgive you.”
“No. lied. Sorry.”
“I know Kalli, it’s alright,” What had she lied about? And why was it tearing her up so much.
“Alligator food,” She curled her body closer to him, wincing with pain. He couldn’t blame her for yearning for comfort.
“Pardon?”
She didn’t respond. She was silent for the rest of the ride. He carried her as quickly as possible to the medical wing severely confused. Why did she say alligator food?

***


Chapter six
Interpretation

Kalli was ready, she felt herself coming out of the water. She was ready to break out of her captors grasp. She was ready to fight. She planned to suddenly jump up and run out (wherever ‘out’ may be). Ready? 1…2…3…! She thrust her upper body up and attempted to get off the bed, but a strong pair of hands grabbed her shoulders and gently and pushed her back onto the hard, cardboard bed beneath her. She cursed in her head. There was no turning back now that they knew she was awake.  
“Kalli, Kalli, it’s okay. No one is trying to harm you,” A soft, sweet, caring, familiar voice whispered in her ear sending warm trills down her spine. Kalli’s eyes blinked open. Blinding light slowly faded into colors. The small room was painted hospital blue and dimly lit with lamps. She relaxed and Percy’s hands carefully removed themselves from her shoulders. She looked at him, his hair was all in his face and his normally bright blue eyes were somehow dimmer and fringed with red as if he had been crying or hadn’t slept, or both for that matter. Her heart sank, what had happened? Had someone died? He looked upset behind the mask of trying to be strong for her. Why would he be trying to be strong?
“Per…Percy?” her voice cracked but his face lit up with true happiness.
“Kalli,” His voice relived. “You’re okay. Thank the Lord,” His eyes were watering up. She realized, he had been crying for her. He was worried about her and it made her chest ache.
“How long was I down?” Kalli’s hand went to her hair. It was thick with grease, gross.
“Just 24 hours.”
“Golly!” She said and tried to sit up again, but Percy’s firm hands prevented that. She had never spent more than half a day on bed rest, and that was when she had broken her ankle playing tennis and her doctor didn’t want her walking on the cast yet.
“The doctor says you can’t get up yet. Maybe tomorrow, so he says. Don’t underestimate your trauma,” Kalli winced at the thought of staying in bed that long and she was reminded of the nasty pain in the back of her head. She must have bruised it when he had her against the wall. “What hurts? I’ll call the nurse.” Percy said quickly, picking up on anything she did. He was hypersensitive about her pain.
He reached out his hand for the call button and Kalli grabbed it. She was surprised how warm it was, “Percy, I’m fine. Really,” she assured him. “I’m just not fond of bed rest,” He relaxed and nodded, sitting back in his chair that he had pulled up right by her bed. He looked at his hand that she still held fast to. “Sorry,” she quickly pulled it back to her side.
“No. It’s fine, just surprised me is all,” He clasped his hands together and put his elbows to his knees.
“I just didn’t want you to call the nurse needlessly.”
He looked down at his shoes. “I am so sorry Kalli, none of this would have happened if--if I could control myself.”
“It’s not your….”
“Do. Not. Tell. Me. It’s. Not. My. Fault,” he defined and articulated each word clearly. “It is. And I know it,” he closed his eyes and brought his hands to his face ashamed of what he had done.
“Percy….” Kalli didn’t know how to fix this. This guilt was in his head and if his head was anything like hers, it was stubborn once it got stuck on an idea.
“I’m fine.”
“No you’re not. You look like you haven’t slept more than an hour in two days,” he smiled shyly--it was true--he had never left her side. “Percy!”
“What?”
“Did you leave here at all?” He shook his head. “Why?”
“Did you expect anything different? I couldn’t sleep without knowing you would be okay,” his blue eyes flitted back and forth. Too much caffeine on top of everything, perfect.
“That’s sweet,” She said and he smiled.
“Now go back to sleep.”
“Why? I just woke up,” Kalli protested.
“Because, 1. You need to rest, and 2. I need to rest.”
“Oh,” she paused looking at the dark circles under his eyes that were shaded even darker with his black hair and pale skin. “Okay, go to sleep.”
“Sleep well Kalli,” he said and leant onto her bed and laid his head down next to her shoulder.
“You too Percy,” She watched him as his head sunk into the bed in a deep sleep. He looked so peaceful, so young. People always look younger when they sleep. There is no wall, no attempt to keep secrets close. Though, at least to her, Percy seemed to always be honest.
She lay awake and thought about him. He had changed so much in her eyes from when she first met him. At first he was an arrogant, self-assured flirt out to get foreign girls. Now she knew him better and his original mask had fallen away a bit. He was a truly nice guy and a good friend. She was happy that he had been so determined to work his way into her life because now that she looked back, if he hadn’t, she wouldn’t have been friends with him and that would have been a grave loss. He sat by her side for two days just out of concern for her. Guys back home wouldn’t sit by her side for more than 30 seconds before moving on to the next new thing. His black hair hung over his eyes and nose. In a weird way, she had to admit, he was good looking, cute even. The more she thought about the argument they had in town, the more she thought perhaps he was right. Perhaps she should let Drake go. Maybe she wasn’t being fair to him by dragging him along. Maybe it would be best to end things happily than in a blazing fire. There was a pay phone in the dorm. When she got out of the infirmary maybe she would call him. Break it off? Could she do it? Her head hurt from thinking. The pain killers were starting to wear off. The pain made her eyes fuzzy. But it was new, different, she could feel it. It was real. She fell blissfully back into unconsciousness.

“Well now that you are allowed to move about, would you like to go for a walk with me?”
“Definitely, just let me go back to the dorm, change and take a shower, I feel disgusting,” Kalli said running her hair through her fingers. It was greasy and clumpy. She was amazed that it didn’t bother Percy. Maybe it did, but he did a dang good job of hiding it. Besides, her arm looked disgusting and she wanted to wrap it but she had to clean it first.
“Okay--uh--I’ll meet you in the west gardens in 45 minutes. Fair?”
“Thank you,” Kalli walked to the dorm quickly only to find the twins waiting for her at the door. “I’m on a schedule,” she said quickly, trying to push through them but it was no use. They were over a foot taller than her, with testosterone to boot.
“Excuse us, you were on bed rest for nearly two days and Percy wouldn’t let us see you so we deserve some Kalli-time. We’ve come to collect.”
“You deserve nothing. You may want ‘Kalli-time’ but, I already have plans for today.”
“What about tomorrow night? Are you free then?” Sasha asked.
“I don’t know,” she said checking her watch. She only had 35 more minutes. Why did it take her so long to get to this side of campus?
“It’s a date then,” they said. They strolled around her and kept going never turning back.
“Wait what?” They continued walking. She rolled her eyes and ran up to her dorm. She couldn’t worry about stupid twins right now. She looked around, the dorm seemed empty. “Good, I don’t have time for conversation,” She muttered to herself, though she really could use a girl to hug her and say it’s not ridiculous that she is shaken up by the attack. She grabbed a pair of jeans and a black tank top and ran to the showers.
She pulled her wet hair into a bun. It hurt her head but the pain subsided after a few moments. The cut on her face had healed up pretty well, most of it had sealed, which was more than she could say for her forearm which was now covered in gauze. She checked her watch; she was already 5 minutes late.
“Stupid twins!” Kalli ran down to the west gardens. She saw Percy sitting on a stone bench wearing black slacks and a black button down shirt; she smiled and ran up to him. He looked up startled as she said, “I am so sorry! The twins ambushed me and--” he stood over her and put his hand over her lips.
“It’s fine. I didn’t really expect you for another 15 minutes.”        
“What?” She checked her watch. It had been 55 minutes. “But you said…”
“I know. I said that so you would hurry, but I anticipated you being late,” he smiled understandingly. He was clever.
“Oh. I see,” Kalli was a little embarrassed that she didn’t give him more credit.
“Shall we?” He said, motioning towards the narrow sidewalk beneath their feet.
“We shall,” she tried rather pathetically to imitate his accent. He smiled and they began walking slowly through the brightly colored flowers of the gardens. “So what have I missed in the past two days?”
“Not too terribly much. Apparently Dragen arrived the day before the disastrous shopping trip and no one bothered to introduce us. I got to speak to him briefly when you were being patched up. They refused to let me in the room while they worked.” He was regretful of that, but she smiled putting his worries at ease.
“His name is Dragon? Did he seem nice?”
“I thought that at first too, but apparently it’s pronounced ‘Dray-gin’. It is hard to say about his temperament--he didn’t really talk back--he just nodded at everything I said,” Percy shrugged.
“Really? Did he not like you?” Kalli was confused. Percy was an easy person to talk to. Even she, who does her best to keep walls up, fell for his easy charm.
“According to Masashi he found me ‘acceptable’.”
“Interesting,” Kalli’s brow furrowed. “Maybe it’s a cultural difference, where is he from?”
“Romania.”
“I don’t know anything about Romania. I know where it is on a map but the culture is a mystery to me.”
“Same.”
“Interesting,” Kalli’s eyes glazed over as she went into deep contemplation.
“Yeah,” Percy changed the subject; he didn’t want her stressing about silly stuff if at all possible. “So are you excited for classes to start in a few weeks?”
“Yes, actually. I am.”
“Me too. Maybe we will get lucky and have some classes together.”
“Hopefully,” Actually pretty likely, she added mentally, considering one of our majors is the same. It will be nice to have someone to be lost on campus with.
Percy leaned towards a nearby bush and plucked a white rose from it. “For you, my lady,” he said and handed her the flower with a flourished bow.
“Well thank you, good sir,” She said giggling and curtseying to take the rose. He smiled brightly and they continued walking in silence. The rose smelled wonderful.
“There’s Dragen. Do you wish to meet him?”
“Of course. Will you introduce us?” Kalli was a little nervous about meeting the mysterious Dragen.
“Sure,” Percy read her thoughts and smiled reassuringly.
They walked over to a tan man with neck-long black hair. He was lying on a stone bench with his long legs hanging off the edge. He looked like he was sleeping or tanning in a full black ensemble.
“Dragen?” his eyes popped open and he gracefully stood, straightening his shirt. His eyes were a piercing black and attentive. They obviously were trained to observe his surroundings. “This is Kalli,” Percy said politely gesturing towards her, Dragen nodded.
“Kalli,” She said, out-stretching her hand.
“Dragen,” He said taking it. “It is good to see you are alright. Are you well?” Percy was shocked. Not only had he talked to her but he had asked her a question.
“Yes. I am much better. Thank you for your concern,” Was this the same guy who refused to talk to Percy? He didn’t seem talkative but not silent either.
He nodded. She gave herself a little mental pat on the back for having a somewhat normal interaction.
“It was very nice to meet you, Dragen. I think Percy and I should continue our walk. Doctor says light activity will help,” She laughed.
Another nod. “Until we meet again,” He bowed his head and to her surprise actually gave her a half a grin.
Odd.

“He talked to you? I have known him for a year and he has said maybe a total of 5 words to me. Never a full sentence, and especially never a question! How did you do it?” Lupe was sitting cross-legged on Kalli’s bed; she was hugging her own pillow in anticipation. She looked like a young child waiting for desert to be served.
“I don’t know,” She said sitting across from Lupe similarly grabbing her pillow. “I just introduced myself and he asked me if I was ‘well’,” Kalli shrugged. She didn’t think it was this big of a deal but apparently this was behavior never expected, and rarely received, from Dragen.
“And you said?” Lupe’s eyes grew even wider.
“That I was much better and I appreciated his concern.”
“Oh my, dear Lord,” Lupe mouthed. “So this could be big? Like, Apatosaurus big.”
“Apato-what?” 
“Proper name for a Brontosaurus.”
“How do you…never mind, I don’t want to know. Anyway,” Kalli shrugged. “I don’t know. I still have to figure out the Drake situation.”
“You mean the Percy situation,” she said as a statement of fact, rather than a question. Her old eyes stared into Kalli.
“Percy? What are you talking about?”
“Masashi told me how he completely flipped on you thinking about Drake. One can only wonder.…” She let the sentence complete itself.
“What? No! Ewe!! He’s like my brother! Besides, that was him not me,” she denied just a little too quickly for Lupe’s taste.
“Okay,” She put her hands up in surrender. “Why so defensive? I wasn’t saying you like him. But if you are so defensive…who knows?”
“Okay. Off my bed,” Kalli pushed at her with her feet.
“What? We were finally getting to the good stuff!” Lupe protested.
“Goodnight Lupe!” Kalli said pushing her off the end of the bed.
“Okay, fine. I will get to the bottom of this though,” She promised.
“Whatever. You think that as long as you like.”
“Goodnight, lover girl.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! ‘Lover girl’?”
“Goodnight,” Lupe began to breathe deeply; Kalli sighed and drifted off and dreamt of…

***


Chapter seven
Minor

The following morning Kalli found herself downstairs dialing Drake’s number. “Hello?” His voice was awake, but barely. What time was it there? She hadn’t even thought to check.
“Hey. It’s me.”
“Kalli? Kalli! Thank God you’re okay! What happened? Where are you?”
“At the University. I ran away ‘cause mom said I couldn’t come. I am so sorry.”
“You made it in? Good job!”
“Yeah. Full five year scholarship.”
“Oh,” he got quiet. “Five years. It’s good I didn’t plan on you coming back, I guess.”
“What? What do you mean?” Kalli demanded, worried she sounded too harsh.
“Your mom told me to let you go…so…I…I kinda moved on, I found some…someone else.”
Kalli’s eyes watered up. He had been cheating on her? “Oh. Oh I see. So I guess this is goodbye,” how long had she been gone? Maybe two weeks. Ten days? Less? Was that long enough to replace her after over a year together? Had he had someone lined up or had she been involved with him while she was there?
“Yeah. I guess it is,” his voice sounded so cold.
“Goodbye, Drake,” her voice cracked and betrayed her tears. She hung up and began to cry. Her chest felt like someone had punched a hole through it. She ran back up to her room. She ran to the corner and cried.
She wasn’t sure how she ended up with her blanket curled up with her in the corner, but it was there. She was still crying but no water fell from her eyes. Dry tears and sobs that hurt her entire body. But she couldn’t stop. Her heart hurt too much.
Around noon Lupe came in from a morning preparing for classes. “Kalli?” she looked around the room. She saw the red blanket in the corner was shaking violently. “Kalli? Kalli! What’s wrong?” Kalli shook her head, “Kalli! Talk to me. What do you need?” Kalli thought for a while, her eyes opening a crack. They were so swollen and inflamed from hours of crying.
“Percy.” Her dry voice croaked. “Get Percy for me.”
Lupe ran from the room and down the stairs. The twins were there lounging on the couches. “Where’s Percy?” she asked quickly.
“In the gardens, why?”
“I really need to talk to him, no time to explain,” She hollered running towards the gardens. She saw him reading on one of the stone benches. “Percy!! Come. Quickly! Kalli needs you! She won’t talk to me. Hurry!” She stopped and bent over to catch her breath. 
Percy jumped up the instant she said Kalli’s name. “Where is she?”
“The dorm. Do you want me to come with you?” She spoke quickly, adrenaline and worry pulsing through her body.
“I think it would be best if I went alone. Thank you, Lupe.” Percy was a gold medal track team star in grade school; he could do a mile in six minutes, but he sprinted towards the dorm faster than he ever had before. He burst through the front doors of the dorm building, not caring about everyone looking at him. He wound up the stairs skipping steps and down the narrow hallway crashing into Kalli’s unlocked room with all of the velocity he had gained.
Kalli looked up from her knees to see Percy standing in the middle of her room looking at her with wide eyes. He was panting and his face was flushed, but it was overcome with concern. She jumped up and into his unsuspecting arms. “Percy!” She half screamed at him curling her head against his warm chest allowing herself to be comforted by the fact he was there. His arms went around her and she felt safe in his arms.
Percy was shocked she came this close to him with her not liking to be touched, but he held her close nevertheless. “Kalli, What happened?”
Her vocal cords didn’t want to work. “I…I called…Him,” she stifled into his chest through her sobs that produced no tears, “he…he…broke up…he…was…with…someone else….” she shook with her pain.
Her words were broken and muffled but Percy understood and hugged her tighter. His heart reached out to her. “Oh, oh Kalli. I am so sorry.”
“It’s…It’s just…”
“Shh, shh I know. You don’t need to explain,” she cried on and on for a while. “Hey, Kalli darling, listen to me,” he gently lifted her chin from his chest so she could see his eyes. “He isn’t worth it. This child is a stupid jerk for doing this to you and letting you go. Do you understand? He doesn’t deserve your blessed tears just like he doesn’t deserve your pure heart. So what I want you to do is take a warm shower, change into the most comfortable pajama’s you have, relax, and take a nap. If you can’t sleep at least rest your eyes, okay? Tomorrow morning I will be here with a special remedy I brought from home,” Percy hugged her closer still. “You can get through this, and I will be here with you every step of the way,” He looked her straight in the eye and she nodded. “That’s my girl,” His lips brushed her forehead like her mom’s used to when she had a fever or was really upset like this. It comforted her.
Percy left after Kalli had pulled out a pair of old sweats and a ratty shirt her dad gave to her before he died. She crawled into her bed and let the exhaustion of heartbreak take her away to the land of her dreams where there were no pain or negative tears. Only happiness and love, good love and no lies.

 “Kalli! Kalli wake up!!” Kalli jumped. She had been re-experiencing the day’s events in her nightmares. She hadn’t gotten to Percy yet.
“Wha…what?” She asked, prying her heavy eyes open seeing Lupe leaning over her concern filling her purple-gray eyes.
“You were having a bad dream weren’t you?”
“Yeah,” she shuddered in remembrance. “What time is it?” she mumbled, trying to drag her mind back to the real world.
“5 p.m. I have to go to Music Building Two for a seminar but I’ll be back. Can you handle yourself for a while?”
“Yeah, yeah I’ll be fine,” Kalli said with a forced smile.
“I don’t believe you but I really do have to go. The girls next door will help you if you need anything or you can go find someone in Data Venia if you’d like. Just don’t do anything rash. I should be back within a couple hours.”
“Go. I’ll be fine,” Kalli assured her.
“Okay.…” Lupe said cautiously eyeing her before leaving the room.
Kalli lay back down. Despite all attempts not to, she thought of Drake and of his betrayal. He had been her last hope. She felt a warm tear run down the side of her face. A tear of pain and a hate that only lost love can create.
Thirty minutes later there was a knock on the door. Kalli pulled herself off the bed to answer it. The door swung open. It was the twins. “Lupe’s at music building 2.”
“We know,” They said together, as always.
“So she’s not here.”
“We know.”
“What do you want then?” Kalli had finally figured out the difference between the two, Demitri had a thin white scar just beneath his chin and Sasha didn’t.
“I think she forgot about us, Sasha. How rude,” Demitri pouted. “And after how long we worried about her.”
“I believe so. How depressing”
“What are you two talking about? I really don’t have the patience for this tonight,” Kalli said.
“The date? The night out? Our Kalli time?” Demitri crossed his arms.
“You know full well I didn’t agree to that!”
“It was implied,” they said simply.
“Well I don’t really feel up to a night out tonight,” but she had noticed in addition to their normal slacks and white button down shirts they both had on identical red ties. They had dressed up for her. She felt a little bad but after the day she had she couldn’t care about their feelings.
“We know, but you need to get out of the dorm. Even Percy said it was a good idea.”
“So you know?”
“Everything Percy knew, we made him tell us,” Kalli sighed in exhaustion. “Look Kalli, there’s a showing of Phantom of the Opera tonight in Music Hall Three and we don’t want you to miss it. So get your cute little backside into some public-appropriate clothes--because you look like a bum--and come down to the lobby. If you don’t meet us there in ten minutes we will come back up here and help you change,” Sasha’s voice seeped through her, breaking down her resolve.
Kalli knew by the identical look on their faces that they were completely serious. “Fine, ten minutes. No less,” She articulated clearly to make sure they understand she meant business.
“No more than ten,” the twins walked slowly down the stairs after Kalli slammed the door in their faces. She hurried. The last thing she needed was the twins trying to get her into a pair of jeans. She shuddered at the thought.

 “Have you ever seen this movie before Kalli?” Sasha asked kindly on her left. They were at some part with some guy being hung by the phantom.
“I don’t know. I think I saw it a couple of years ago but I honestly haven’t been paying much attention. My mind can’t stay in one place,” she said truthfully, giving him a sideways apologetic smile.
“Focus. The point of this is to distract you,” Demitri said from her right. She had noticed Sasha seemed to be more laid back and happy to let Demitri take the lead on things. Sasha seemed to think more than Demitri though. Demitri seemed like the kind of guy who heads into things without a plan but isn’t clever enough to come up with a good plan on the move.
“Demitri? Where did you get that scar below your chin?” She asked. She turned slightly to her right and to her surprise both twins tensed.
“That is a very long story….”
“Well a good story might distract me,” she reasoned.
“It’s not a good story, and this is not the time or place to share it,” Demitri said, his words tight and his face blank of emotion.
She turned to Sasha who nodded slightly in agreement with his brother. “Well, I guess curiosity will sufficiently distract me,” someone in the row in front of them shushed them. Kalli crossed her arms across her chest.
There was a silence as they watched Rouel sing to Christine. After the song was over Demitri whispered to Kalli. “I will tell you. Just not now.”
“Okay. I can deal with that--for now,” she settled.
Demitri smiled and returned his eyes to the movie.
“Hey, look!” Sasha said pointing towards the front of the room. “It’s Dragen, why is he always late to this kind of thing?”
“Maybe it doesn’t interest him all that much, or he read the start time wrong,” Kalli suggested but she was ignored as Dragen came and sat behind them.
“Hey-a, Dragen!” The twins said excitedly. Dragen simply blinked recognizing their existence. The twins frowned.
“Hello, Dragen, nice to see you again,” Kalli said kindly but causally.
He nodded politely. “Surprising you came. An event like this sparks your interest?” The twins’ mouths dropped to the floor.
“It doesn’t really. They drug me out,” she said pointing at Sasha and Demitri.
Dragen nodded understandingly.
“Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, are we missing something?” The twins half screamed coming between them. The crowd shushed them. Dragen sighed and Kalli turned around to face the screen. The twins didn’t relent. “What’s up? Spill! Why will you talk to her and no one else?”
“Masashi.” He raised his eyebrows to accentuate his point. “You never asked questions and I find you both annoying,” Kalli stifled a giggle as Dragen glared at them.
“Okay, just wondering,” They said quickly turning around and sinking far into their seats as if trying to disappear. Kalli was shocked, Dragen could scare them. She took a mental note; perhaps she could use that later. She began actually watching the movie.

 “Oh boo! I wanted the Phantom to win!” Kalli was complaining as the twins walked her back to the dorm.
“That’s life, sweetheart.”
“They should re-make it and change the ending.”
The twins chuckled, “it’s a classic. They aren’t going change the ending.”
“Gaaahhhh!” Kalli screamed in frustration.
“Well, here is your dorm,” they leaned against her doorframe. “Goodnight, Kalli,” they each hugged her kindly.
“Goodnight guys, thanks,” she stepped inside and they left.

After a night of restlessness, Kalli awoke to a pounding on her door. She looked at the clock, 10 a.m. “Holy crap! Why am I still sleeping?” The person at the door knocked again. “I’m coming!” She yelled her voice cracking slightly as she hurried to the door wrapping her blanket around her as she went. Percy was standing in her doorway with a large brown bag in his arms.
“Good morning,” he said smiling somewhat at her attire and hair.
“Hey,” again her voice was dry and cracked.
“Did I wake you? I waited as long as I could.”
She nodded and he smiled bashfully. “It’s alright. Come on in,” she stepped aside and noticed he had to duck slightly to get into the room. His tall frame didn’t fit the doorway very well. “What’s that?” She asked nodding to the bag in his arms which he made a point of keep above her eye level.
“Just a special ‘broken heart’ remedy I brought from home,” Kalli rose onto her toes to peer into the bag but he lifted it up further.
“What is it?”
“You shall see. But for now, go sit on your bed and relax,” she did as she was told and watched as he unpacked his bag. He brought out a heating pad (even though they were technically not allowed in the dorms, nearly everyone had one), a coffee cup, a little red box, a clear science beaker, a spoon, a bottle of filtered water, a strainer, another box, red with a small black heart for a clasp, and a brown stuffed bear.
“What the--?”
“No questions asked,” Percy interrupted her question, smiling sweetly at her. “I did this for my mom after my dad left. It helped her and she became happy again. And I have done it every time he came back and disappeared again,” needless to say, he had experience with healing broken hearts.
“Oh. I’m so sorry,” She could tell that the memories hurt him. She was learning just how much he wore his heart on his sleeve.
“It’s fine. It has been a while since he’s come back,” He poured the bottle of water into the flask and placed it on the hot plate to boil. He put a few spoonfuls of black, flakey stuff out of the first red box into the hot water, and it began to darken. Kalli realized it was tea. Percy poured the steeped tea through the strainer and into the coffee cup. He opened the black heart-clasped box and pulled out two chocolates. He grabbed the teddy bear, chocolates, and tea and sat next to Kalli. “An herbal remedy I made myself,” he said, carefully handing her the tea. “Chocolate covered cherries, because chocolate fixes everything. And a snuggly teddy bear to be a friend and listen to the secrets you don’t trust to other people,” the bear was possibly the softest she had ever felt. She felt like crying just because of how nice he was being.
“Thank you, Percy. Really, this is super awesome of you,” no one has ever done anything like this for me. This is the kind of stuff that happens in the movies, not in my life. This is so sweet.
“Drink up,” Kalli sipped the tea. It was an odd sort of wonderful; it was sickly sweet with an edgy kick to it. It woke her up. She felt the clouds over her eyes start to clear. “Do you want to talk about what happened with Drake?”
Kalli nodded and ate a chocolate; she had to get it out. “When I was at home, he and my dad were my number one supporters, and my mom didn’t even know that Dad applied me. It was supposed to be a surprise, but I knew only days after my father sent in my audition tape. He always was terrible at keeping secrets,” Kalli laughed. “Drake was planning a going away party for me. He knew I would get in and he had said on multiple occasions that even the Atlantic Ocean couldn’t keep us apart and that he would stand by me even when I was a thousand miles away.
“I went downstairs yesterday to call him so we could figure out the long distance thing. And he told me that my mom told him to forget about me and so he found someone else. Just like that. I had been away for twelve days and she meant more to him then I did after over a year and two months together,” She ate the other chocolate and drank some more tea. She blinked away the heat growing in her eyes. “She must be something special.”
“I don’t know who she could be that would be worth leaving you. If I were him I would be hanging myself off a cliff right now because I would know there is nothing I could do to deserve to have you talk to me again. Much less give me a second chance. He screwed up big time,” he gave her a tight side-hug. She felt her heart swell; starting to feel tears well in her eyes again.
“But I have to wonder if he has any remorse whatsoever for doing it. He sure didn’t sound like it on the phone. Twelve days is hardly enough time to find someone important unless they were already--important to you.”
“I don’t know this guy personally, but from what I do know of him it doesn’t matter if he does feel guilty or not, he will keep doing crap like this until karma comes to bite him. And I wish I could have front row seats to see that.”
Kalli laughed and laid her head on Percy’s shoulder. He wrapped his arm around her shoulder and rubbed it lightly. He was so good at this. Somehow he made things seem a little better. Like her world wasn’t crumbling around her.
“Thanks so much Percy.”
“I once told you I was always here for you. And I stand by that promise. Forever.”
“Thanks. That means a lot to me.”
They sat in silence until Kalli fell asleep.

***


Chapter eight
Exposition 

 “You owe me big time girl!” Lupe came crashing into the dorm with a lot of shopping bags swallowing her small arms. “Classes begin in a week and the formal is in three days. And I rule.”
“Yeah, so what? I already have all my school supplies and we pick up uniforms at the end of the week,” Kalli said, not bothering to look up from her book. She had brought school supplies from home and the uniform was part of her scholarship. Other than that she really wasn’t concerned.
“What about the dance? Do you even have a dress yet?” Lupe demanded dropping all her bags and putting her hands on her narrow hips.
“No, I don’t. I told you before: I’m not going,” Kalli articulated clearly trying to get her message across. It amazed her with how fluent Lupe was, how much the language barrier affected her when she wanted something. 
“But it’s gonna be huge! Not even huge, ginormous!” Lupe whined.
“That’s exactly why I’m not going!” Kalli said slamming her book closed and looking up at Lupe annoyed. She didn’t like big social events, much less ‘ginormous’ ones.
“But…”Lupe reached into one of her bags.
“It’s not happening, Lupe, no ‘buts’ about…what is that?” Kalli asked. Lupe was holding a white knee-length dress with silver and gold sparkles; it was far too tall for Lupe’s petite frame.
“Oh no! You didn’t! Did you?” Kalli snatched the dress and looked at the tag. It was her exact size. “I can’t believe you!”
“I thought you might reconsider if you had something to wear.…”
“Take it back to the store. It’s too much, too much money.”
“I didn’t pay for it,” Lupe taunted her.
“Who did?” Kalli played into Lupe’s game knowing full well it was the only way she was going to get any answers.
“Percy. In fact, he helped me pick it out for you.”
“And why didn’t I know about this?” Kalli demanded, standing from her bed and crossing her arms.
“If you had, you would never have let us,” Lupe said matter-of-factly.
“Well you’re right about that,” Kalli cried out in frustration. “Fine, I’ll try it on. No promises! But I’ll try it on,” She grabbed the dress roughly, but she was careful not to tear it. She fully intended to make Percy return it. This was just for Lupe’s sake.
“Yay!!!” Lupe began jumping up and down excitedly.
Kalli slipped on the white dress. It was the perfect size. It fit like a glove. “It’s perfect.” Kalli was out of breath at her own reflection. Amazing what a good dress can do.
“Wow! Percy has awesome taste! Turn for me,” Kalli did a full turn slowly. “Girl, in that dress you are the girl all the other girls are worried about stealing their boyfriends,” Kalli giggled even though it hit a little too close to home. She felt so beautiful. “Will you please come to the dance in that?”
Kalli deliberated her options. “Fine. I’ll go. But only because of the dress,”
“Yes!” Lupe was grinning wildly as Kalli slipped her jeans back on. She hung the dress up and put it on top of her closet door so it wouldn’t wrinkle. “Now you need a date.”
“Oh no! Just be happy I’m going, no date.” Kalli said firmly.
“Escort?”
“No.”
“Friend?”
“Why are you pressing this?” Kalli stared at Lupe whose eyes were growing wider and wider with hope.
“I don’t want you to not have a dance partner. It’s usually a lot of slow songs, some fast but only at the beginning. You can’t dance ballroom by yourself.”
“I can’t dance ballroom period,” Kalli pointed out.
“Then go with a guy who can dance,” Lupe said, as if it barely mattered.
“If someone asks me, then I’ll think about it. But other than that--no freaking way.”
“Fine. Whatever, I’ll take what I can. However, if someone asks you, be warned, I will know and I have no problem telling him you not only say yes, but scream like a school girl.”
“I am a school girl.”
She ignored her and looked at the dress for a moment; she couldn’t wait to wear it again.

“I feel like I owe you a compliment, Percy,” He cocked his head. He and Kalli were on their now-daily walk through the gardens. “You have excellent taste,” he smiled brightly at the praise.
“Well my mom taught me well. It was mostly just her and I when I was growing up,” Percy kicked stones off the path.
“If you don’t mind me asking--I don’t want to pry but--what happened with your father?”
“I don’t mind. Let’s just say, he disappeared for a very long time. He comes back from time to time, whenever things start to go right for my mom and me. He shows up, my mom takes him back, and he leaves again. It breaks her heart. I was seven the first time he left,” he looked down as if realizing how much taller he had gotten.
“I’m sorry. But I can relate to losing a father.”
“Really?”
“My dad was the main supporter of my music; my mom never thought I could amount to anything. They were divorced, my parents, I wanted to go with my dad, but my mom got custody. Anyway my dad brought me the brochure and applied me in secret.”
“So what happened?”
“He died of cancer three weeks before I got my acceptance letter.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Percy didn’t know what else to say.
“It’s ok. We had known for a while so it wasn’t a big shock. Just sad.”
“I understand. I appreciate you telling me. I feel like I understand you a lot better,” He gave her a crooked grin.
“Me too. Nothing explains the present quite as well as the past,” She grinned widely.
“Yeah. That is nice,” They continued the rest of the walk in silence except for comments on the scenery.

***


Chapter nine
Form

Classes started at ten and ended at four with an hour of lunch break at one, but Kalli woke up at six anyway. After nine years of school she still got nervous on the first day of school; she pulled herself out of bed as quietly as she could with the squeaky floors.
"What the...? What in God's-green-earth are you doing awake at this hour?" Lupe was a light sleeper apparently.
"Can't sleep, go back to your dreams Lupe," Lupe groaned and turned over. Kalli picked up her things and headed to the bathroom.
She let the quiet of the early morning and the warm water calm her anxious nerves. She towel dried her hair and took her time getting herself ready, getting her long hair perfectly straight before putting it into a sloppy bun. It was counter-productive, but it gave her shaky hands something to do. It was close to eight before she left the bathroom, by which time Lupe was dragging herself off the mattress.
"Do you mind explaining why you were in any state other than deep sleep at six this morning?"
"I couldn’t sleep, I never do before the first day of school," Kalli said very matter-of-fact and watched Lupe's face turn incredulous.
"You’re kidding right? I thought we were supposed to get over that after year four. Then the first day is supposed to become annoying and monotonous."
"It never got boring for me. I always get nervous and wake up hours before I need to. It’s not something I choose. It’s instinct, involuntary."
"That stinks for you," she said, shrugging and easily opening a new subject. "So--why do you keep speaking French in your sleep? I though Percy was the French native among us," one eyebrow flicked up.
"What have I been saying? In my sleep I mean?"
"You just keep repeating ‘Je t’aime, Je t’aime'. I didn't know you were that way..."
"That's something Percy said. I don't know what it means. Wait...what way?" Kalli's voice was suddenly demanding; she had a gut feeling Lupe knew what it meant.
"Percy said that? Are you sure you heard right? Was he talking to you, or did you overhear him?"
"Positive. He refused to tell me what it meant, you know. Tell me."
Lupe pursed her lips. "Hmm...Interesting, this is a new development," Lupe ignored her demands. "I didn't expect this as soon as it came. Good for you Percy," she ended her comment on a high note. The new freshmen never failed to amaze her; they were so...dramatic, in an endearing way.
"Are you gonna tell me what it means or not? I’m dying to know!"
"Why don't you go ask him what it means?"
"He won’t tell me! Don’t you think I thought of that? That’s why I’m asking you dummy!" There was a short rap on the door. “We will continue this argument later," Kalli said--feeling like her mother--and going to answer the door.
"Good morning Kalli! Is Lupe awake yet? I was going to take her for coffee..."
"I'm here! Bye Kalli!" Lupe rushed away from their argument and into Masashi's arms. Kalli grabbed her jacket as she was running out.
"We will talk later," she said severely before shoving it into her arms.
"Fine. But the ball's in his court on this one, I have no part in it," she said quietly before running to be with Masashi.
Kalli shut the door and looked around the blank room; she really needed to get some color in here. She sat on the bed and thought about what Lupe said. What did she see that she couldn’t? What did Je t’aime mean? What’s so significant? Why didn’t she remember anything from her year of French? She remembered learning that phrase, but she couldn’t remember--there was a light knock on the door. She knew immediately it was Percy. Everyone in Data Venia had their own individual knock; Percy’s was light and rhythmical. “One moment!” She called, checking her hair in the mirror before opening the door. His eyes brightened when he saw her face.
“Good morning. How are you this day?” he asked pleasantly.
“I’m fine. And yourself?” the polite answer to the question.
“I am doing well,” he smiled and stepped inside to hug her, a move that caught Kalli off guard. He usually held out his arms and waited for her to come to him, to avoid bubble issues, but oddly enough, she didn’t mind.
“Well this is unexpected.”
“Oh, I’m sorry..." he began to pull away but Kalli held onto him.
“No, I don’t mind, it just caught me off guard is all. It’s nice though, thank you,” she looked up into the ocean of his eyes; they had almost a silver tint in them, like liquid mercury. He hugged her even closer but it wasn’t close enough for her.
“That’s my girl,” he stroked her face lightly. Kalli was taken aback. This type of behavior was unlike him.
“Stop that,” she whispered, afraid any louder noise would break time and space.
“Stop what?” he asked just as silently watching her face, how beautiful it was, feeling the lines of her non-existent smile, imagining it was there.
“That,” she said backing away two steps but he filled the new space with one.
“Why?” he asked.
“What?”
“Why should I stop?”
“Because…It’s just…awkward..."
“Who’s making it awkward? I don’t feel any odd atmosphere.”
“Well I do. So please...just...please,” their eyes locked. He saw the utter fear in her eyes. He sighed and stepped away nodding. “Thank you.”
“Shall we then?” He asked.
“Yeah, sure.”
“Where would you like to go?”
“The gardens? The flowers will be opening. A good way to start off a day,” she smiled reassuringly showing him she wasn’t angry with him, but his behavior was still odd, somber somehow.
“Okay,” he turned and left. Kalli stood still. Percy turned back to her, his face perplexed. “Are you coming?” Kalli had gotten used to Percy taking her hand to lead her places; she had begun to rely on it. Something stable and constant in an ever-changing life. But just now he had turned and left without her. At least he had turned back for her. But his hand still remained shoved in his uniform pants.
“Yeah, I guess,” she said her voice soft and her eyes directed to the floor. She watched his black shoes step towards her and felt his warm pale hand lift her chin to meet his eyes.
“What did I do now?”
“You started to leave. But you normally take my hand first.”
“I thought you didn’t like that..."
“I didn’t. But I got used to it, and now I like it. It’s comforting.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” His eyes were searching hers
“I didn’t know you wanted to know.”
“I do. I want to know everything; every thought you have, every sight you see, every story that touches your heart, everything that you like and dislike, everything.”
“That’s a little creepy, but...ok. I can deal with that. So you want to know everything about me?”
“Yes,” Percy was sure there was no aspect of her that he didn’t want to know more about.
“Ok, then starting today, I will try to be more open with you. But you have to respect that there are some questions I won’t want to answer fully so if you catch me on that you might have to work or wait for a full answer.”
“Understandable. Shall we?” he took her hand and led her outside, asking her any and every question that came to his mind. Asking her to expand on every answer. She seemed willing enough, slightly embarrassed to answer some but her hesitation was slight so he didn’t ask why. But then he got to deeper questions. She seemed happy to answer these as well but she took more time to decide her answer.
“What do you feel right now? Describe everything and how it makes you feel.”
“I feel the cool early fall breeze running against the back of my neck and hair. It makes me feel free and I almost want to take my hair tie out and let my hair go free. I feel the stony path under my shoes. I hear them shift under my weight and it makes me feel careful but I feel your hand holding mine and the cool warmness of your skin. It makes me shiver and feel safe and protected, and also weightless and happy.”
“Shiver? I don’t know that word, can you describe it?” It was hard for her to remember that even with how fluent Percy seemed to be, English was his second language.
“Umm--it’s like, that cold sensation running up and down your spine. It can make your body shake. It can be from being cold, or from uneasiness, or from happiness, or discomfort, shiver.”
“Interesting, and I make you...shiver?”
“Of happiness usually,” Kalli smiled up at him. What she had said was the truth. His very presence made her so happy she sometimes shook of pleasure. He flashed a smile and continued his questioning.

“So--Percy and Kalli? I guess it’s to be expected.”
“How so?”
“It was kind of obvious how he felt. I am not sure of her feelings though. Here,” Masashi handed her a coffee and took the black tea for himself.
“I guess so. You don’t have the insane advantage of being her roommate. She talks in her sleep.”
“Really? What has she said lately?” His face was all business.
“Oh no," Lupe shook her head. "That’s confidential, girl-code. If you want info ask someone else. I’m not saying anything, it would be wrong,” Masashi was shocked but nodded; he knew it was useless to try to convince her to talk. “What about Percy? Other than his obvious actions are there any other clues as to his feelings?”
“No way, I get the Percy advantage if you get the Kalli advantage,” he thought of Percy’s sketchbook, filled with drawings of her.
“Fair enough,” Lupe shrugged and dropped the subject.
“So, which classes do you have this morning?”
“Mostly my core credits. At least after this year I am done with regular classes. Next year it will all be about the music.”
“Lucky, I can’t believe I have three more years of academics,” Masashi complained quietly.
“Hey! If I can survive it, you can. With your brains..."
“Let’s not make this about brains; you are just as clever as I am. I just find it really stupid we come to a music school to learn the same crap we would learn in a regular college.”
“Yeah, but with cooler teachers.”
Masashi laughed. “I guess you’re right.”
“Always am.”

“How are you?” Percy continued his questions through breakfast and the walk to the gardens.
“I’m not sure I understand the question.”
“You always say that you’re fine, but most days I’m not sure that’s completely true. I mean, I don’t understand how you could be fine. I don’t mean to be rude or overstep my bounds but you ran away from home just months after your father died, you were attacked in the place you ran to, when people should have been there to protect you. Right after you got out of the hospital from the attack, your boyfriend, your last thread of hope from home, leaves you in the dirt. And all the while you are in a new place trying to start a new life. How can anyone be ‘fine’ after all that?” His last sentence was barely a whisper. He didn’t like remembering all that she had been through. It was painful for him to remember that she was almost…hurt in town because he was careless. He wouldn’t make the same mistake again. He wouldn’t lose her.
Kalli sighed. “You’re right, I haven’t been fine. To be quite honest I have felt like I’ve been falling. Like I’m falling through oil, but there’s nothing, no feeling. But,” her voice lifted. “Every time I see you, I feel like I’m on a beach warming my toes in the sun. No pain--just like in the oil--but there’s happiness; a certain warmth that your presence emanates. A weightless feeling, does that make any sense?”
Percy was awestruck. “Not really, I don’t understand what I’m doing. But if it helps….”
“I don’t think it’s something you can think about. It’s just the way you genuinely care about people, about what you are doing in the moment,” she looked up into his deep blue eyes. They were vulnerable today. “It’s a rare quality.”
“I care about you,” he meant it, truly he did, but she still thought she was only a friend to him.
“I care about you too. You are the best friend I have ever had, and I have only known you for three weeks,” she thought back to when she had met him. She thought he was so cocky and full of himself, just like all the other guys she knew. But he changed--or her view of him did--he was sweet, considerate, and truly cared about what was happening in people’s lives.
Percy wanted to tell her so much, but she wasn’t ready to accept his affections yet. She needed to get her bearings first.
“No more questions?” Kalli asked. His silence worried her, made her feel self-conscious.
“Only a million,” he flashed a sideways smile. “What was your father like? If you are alright answering of course,” he wanted to know, but it wasn’t worth upsetting her.
“I’m fine. How can I even describe him? He was my father, my rock, my fan-club. He took me to all my lessons. He came to all my performances and competitions. He was just there all the time, right up to the end. He had dark brown hair, tall--like your height. He was funny, charming, kind, considerate, and loyal to those he cared about. He was the best daddy a girl could ask for,” Kalli paused. “But then, four years ago, my parent’s divorced and a few months later he was diagnosed with brain cancer. He was still active and happy though. He made a point of not letting the cancer get in the way of his life. Just before he passed, he sent in my application. He told me that if I got accepted I had to go no matter what. He had even bought the plane ticket for me and left it for me in his will. So he is the only reason I’m here. After he died I never wanted to play piano again. That first time you heard me play, was the first time I had played since he passed away. I only came here to honor his memory, but it turns out it was one of the best actions I’ve ever taken.”
“I wish I could thank him. You belong here,” he smiled. “He sounds like an amazing person.”
“He really was.”
“What did you call him? I mean for my father, I called him Papa,” Percy’s eyes remembered his father, but he was no father.
 “I won’t let him hurt you again Percy,” Kalli assured him but he turned and grabbed her shoulders speaking very softly and quietly.
“He won’t get within a kilometer of you, and you to him. Do you hear me? I will keep you safe,” His eyes were severe. “He won’t touch me. But you aren’t going anywhere near him!” His sudden mood change surprised Kalli. It made her happy that he cared so much for her safety, but disturbed her how much hatred he was capable of.
“You know I can take care of myself. Can I at least have my arms back? You’re gonna give me bruises,” the irony of her statement made Percy chuckle, but his eyes were still serious. He dropped his arms and stepped away slightly, but Kalli didn’t want the space. She stood so close to him she had to look straight up. “I’m fine Percy, and you don’t have to worry about me getting hurt. I’m a big girl. I can handle things,” His eyes sparked a blue fire; he closed them slowly so he wouldn’t have to look at her sure, beautiful face.
“You don’t understand. You don’t…even know what he is capable of. I do. I lived with him for the first nine years of my life, and then he came back every once and a while since then. Remember that man in town? He was a wimp compared to my father’s strength. I haven’t seen that man in a year and a half. I’ve grown since then and I still don’t even know if I can hold him off. You wouldn’t stand a chance.”
“Me being a girl, and therefore weak?” Kalli pointed out offended by his sexism.
“Yes…Wait, no! It’s just that you’re you and.…” He had been near a shout but his voice caught.
“And what?!” She was about to blow a gasket if he kept this up.
He closed his eyes again. “And I can't bear the thought of losing you again!"
“Again?” Her eyes squinted against the sun in confusion. Percy fell to the ground and Kalli knelt next to him. His face was whiter than normal, which was even odder against his pitch black hair, “Percy are you feeling alright?” she compared his forehead to the temperature of her own. He wasn’t running a fever.
He shook his head, “I cannot believe I said that. But it’s true, I couldn’t stand to lose you again,” he wasn’t looking at her but she knew he was trying to tell her something, but his meaning was lost to her.
“What do you mean ‘again’? When did you lose me?”
“I have lost you two times since I met you: when you got…lost in town,” Kalli shuddered, “And when Drake broke up with you,” both Kalli remembered. They were unpleasant memories. “I don’t want to lose you for good this time,” he leaned in closer to her, his voice barely a whisper. “And that, is why you will never meet my father,” Kalli pouted but she knew it was time to back down.
“Ok, fine. I will do all in my power to avoid your father,” his face was only inches from hers, but she didn’t care. Suddenly the look in his face changed from concern to something else. She couldn’t really tell but it looked like he might kiss her! He began to lean in ever so slowly, conflict in his eyes. Then suddenly there was a resolution. He leaned towards her faster this time. He broke eye contact and tilted his head, placing her cheek on his and whispered into her ear. “Thank you,” he broke away after a moment and stood quickly pulling her up with him, leaving her knees flimsy and weak. She tripped slightly, but Percy caught her and held her against his chest smiling. “We should get to class.”

***


Chapter ten
Ferocemente

“Sasha! You do realize it is the first day of school and we woke up late, right?” Demitri panted as they ran. Sasha didn’t reply. They had 30 seconds before first period started out they were just running out of the dorms. They were quick runners, but they weren’t that fast.
“Come on! Less talk, more motion!” Sasha picked up his pace. Everyone had the same class the first semester of every year. It just depended on what time of day they had it and which teacher they had. They ran into the Literature Hall about two minutes after the final bell had rung. “Ah, Mr. Papov…and Mr. Papov. How nice you could join us,” the professor sighed. “Gentlemen are we going to make a tradition of being late on the first day? Or am I just special,” Sasha and Demitri took seats near the back and tried to blend in. The twins, Kalli, Percy, Masashi, and Dragen had the same literature study class because they were all underclassmen. Underclassmen literature was more about discovering who you were as an artist than discovering who Shakespeare was. Kalli guessed a better name for the class would be Personal Psychology. The class only had about 30 people in it, but it seemed like a lot more to Kalli. It made her feel claustrophobic. “Okay fellas and ladies, I’m Mr. Kelley or Lancelot, whichever you prefer. No, that’s not really my first name but I really enjoy it and it beats my real name,” The class laughed and the twins looked at him knowingly. “This room has a lot of resources in it, books for the most part. In this class you will learn to use those resources to discover; to discover yourselves. Today’s assignment is to search this room for the origin and meaning of your name. Also, you must tell me what you discovered in the process and how you feel about your name,” he raised his hands up to the height of his shoulders. “Go,” the students scattered. Kalli and Percy were left standing alone. Mr. Kelley came over to them, “Was there some aspect of the assignment you were confused about?” his face was anxious and young Kalli would have guessed he was late 20s, if not younger.
“Oh, no. I just wanted to take a moment to let it sink in,” Kalli said quickly. There was something about the symmetry of his face that amazed her, she didn’t know what it was, but she felt like he knew everything about her even though he was a complete stranger. Something about the knowledge in his eyes. “I guess I should get to work then,” she turned around, dazed, and headed towards a bookshelf, not sure where she was headed other than away from the professor.
Kalli searched for her name, glancing around every so often to check on Data Venia’s progress. Percy seemed just as stressed as she was. The twins were chuckling proudly that they had figured theirs out. Masashi finished within the first 20 minutes of class, just after Dragen had, who apparently spent much of his time in libraries. Both excused themselves, Masashi to go check on Lupe, Kalli was sure. Dragen, she guessed, would find somewhere to be in solitude and think. 
Percy sighed, his name was so lame. “Did you find something new?” Mr. Kelley asked him when he approached.
“Yeah, I learned I have a lame name,” he sighed. “My name is Percival, it means ‘The Lord of Percival Valley’, lame right?”
“Not at all. French right?” Percy nodded. “It is a noble name, many famous people with this name. Now do you go by Percival or...?”
“Percy, I go by Percy.”
“Well I am glad you are in my class Percy. I have heard much about you,” he smiled brightly.
“Yeah, thanks,” Percy said glumly. He had hoped that he would be able to build his own reputation through hard work, but apparently everyone already knew who he was. He waited for Kalli; she found her meaning shortly after he found his.
“What did you learn something new, young lady?” Kalli got tense, back home when she was called ‘young lady’ she was in trouble, but this man’s face was kind. “What is your name?”
“Kalli. Apparently it means ‘beautiful’,” she laughed.
“Why do you laugh?”
“It’s just…Kind of ironic don’t you think?”
“How so?” he crossed his arms and leaned against the desk.
“My parents named me to be a beauty, and I ended up like this, and disappointing them. Not a terrible surprise.”
“Well if it means anything, I think you lived up to your name well. As to disappointing your parents, I understand. I do believe I understand your situation. I can see it. Your parents didn’t believe music was the best choice for you, but you or someone who cares deeply for you applied for you, and you came any way. Am I right?” He crossed his arms and leaned against his desk causing his light brown hair to shift across his forehead.
“How…how do you know that? Is it that obvious?” She was suddenly worried. What if someone told the school and they sent her home? It would be the end of her music career.
He laughed at her worried face. “You ran away. Don’t worry, I’m not going to tell anyone, as I said, I understand. I was that kid. Parents don’t believe in music so you get out. They disown you and once you hit 18 you’re free. Only a few months to go for you I imagine. Once you’ve been through it, you can see it in the way other people walk, talk, the way your eyes shift around the room on a regular basis. I see it all,” he understood what she was going through, it was obvious to him.
“Thank you, sir,” she said quietly.
“Not a problem, miss. My office is always open if you need somewhere to get away from all of this. I have jolly ranchers,” he smiled encouragingly and she walked back over to where Percy was waiting for her.

“So, Kalli, what does your name mean?” The twins were entertaining themselves by hanging over Kalli, prying any kind of information they could from her.
“Beautiful,” she said self-consciously.
“Told you so,” Percy smirked and leaned back against the wall, he had told her a while back that she was beautiful, but she didn’t believe him. Here was her proof.
“Oh yeah? What does your name mean Percy?” She retaliated quickly, his smile disappeared instantly.
He coughed and said under his breath. “Lord of Percival Valley,” Kalli started laughing and the twins began bowing to him saying ‘mi’lord mi’lord.’ “Oh yeah? What about you two?”
Sasha stood and showed his muscles. “Defender of Mankind,” Demitri struck a girlish pose, “Devoted to,” They came together like a couple acting out their own little play. “I will never desert you,” “I will defend you with my life,” they both said. “Oh I love you, dearest!” It was probably the oddest thing Kalli had seen in a while and she had seen a lot with these two in the past couple weeks.
“Glad someone was happy about the assignment,” Dragen said sneaking up behind them as silently as ever. The twins screamed and continued their play with this new twist. No one paid any mind.
“What does your name mean Dragen? You left class awful quick,” Kalli noted his severe glances as he left.
“Um,” He ran his head along his neck. “It means…Precious,” the twins were at least making an attempt to restrain their laughter. Poor attempts, but attempts none the less.
“Oh darling, precious Dragen! My dear precious!” The twins started.
“Okay, you two, leave him alone,” Percy said, rolling his eyes. But they, unwisely, didn’t listen and continued to torment him. It took Dragen all of .2 seconds to switch from his calm, emotionless position against the wall, to a flying, fighting position headed for the twins; taking both Sasha and Demitri at once. The empty hallway broke into a small battle field and Percy and Kalli were in the middle of it. All Kalli heard was the twins strained grunts and laughter and the contact of skin as Dragen’s, obviously experienced, blows hit right on target. Percy took a defensive pose in fear for Kalli, who was completely in shock; it was obvious she didn’t see many fights with experienced fighters. The twins were decent in a fight themselves, but they were nothing compared to Dragen. Despite their height and numbers, they were losing. Percy was thinking one thing: protect Kalli. He was confident in his own fighting skill, but he had no idea how he would measure up to them.
“Stop!” He yelled sticking his arms between them, his right in front of the twins, and his left held back Dragen. Four pairs of eyes locked on him, three of them angry, and one of them concerned. The twins were eager to continue the quickly failing fight, and Dragen, behind his ever-calm face, his eyes were surprised. He didn’t expect Percy to be able to stand up for something like that.
“Pardon?” Dragen asked calmly, but dangerous.
“I said: stop,” Percy’s eyes were hard, unmovable; Kalli had never seen him like this. “If you want to fight someone, fight me. At least I would stand a chance. But I would prefer we take this outside so we don’t break the building. I don’t want property damage on my tuition report,” his voice was calm and low, his eyes were locked with Dragen’s. They didn’t falter.
“As you prefer,” Dragen stood only slightly shorter than Percy compared to how far he was from the twins. There was still a two to three inch difference between them. “There is an empty field not far from here. Masashi and I sparred there last year.”
“Perfect,” Dragen led the way. Percy followed he heard Kalli’s feet following him and the twins behind her, he did a 180. “Kalli, I don’t want you to see this. I’ll catch up with you later. I want you to go somewhere far away from this fight.”
Kalli couldn’t believe it. He wasn’t going to let her come and help him. “What if something happens, someone gets hurt?” Percy gave her a look and a sigh. She was so oblivious to how things could be.
“We will be fine. Now are you going to cooperate or do I have to lock you in that closet?” He gestured to the janitor’s closet behind her. Her chin set in defiance.
“What do you think?” her arms crossed defiantly. He sighed and she thought, that’s what I thought, he wouldn’t dare--“Ahh!” Percy had picked her up and carried her across the hall. Despite her struggles, his arm was a cage. He even had a free hand to open the door, he set her down inside the small closet. “You can’t do this!!” she screamed, trying to get past him.
“Yes, I can. Sorry, I didn’t want to do this, but you aren’t going to that fight. I’ll come back for you,” with that he shut the door and locked the lock that was on the outside in this case, poorly built, but convenient for his purposes.
“Percy!! Let me out of here right now! Percy? Dragen? Sasha? Demitri? Help! Let me out right now!” Kalli banged against the door. Each bang on the door Percy felt like she was jabbing a blunt object through his heart: not as easy to ignore as a blade. Dragen noticed Percy’s winces with each noise she made.
“Come along, then,” he said, quickly turning and heading towards the field. Percy and the twins followed quietly. They all knew what was coming.

“Shall we Percy?” Dragen stood tall and lean against the tall trees that surrounded 90 percent of the clearing.
Percy shook off his uniform jacket and crossed his arms. He was ready. “Your move Dragen,” the twins itched to get into the fight, but both parties said that it would be just them. This wasn't just a fight. This was chess. A battle that meant more to both of them than anyone would ever understand.
The fists and feet were a blur after the first punch. They both had excellent form. Both appeared, to the twins, to be masters. Percy seemed to have the upper hand on Dragen. Something that had never happened. Dragen was supposedly the best fighter at UA.

“Do you think she will forgive you Percy? After everything, locking her up in a closet, do you truly think she will ever fall for you?” Dragen taunted Percy throwing a front kick to his chest.
Percy avoided most of the kick but scraped his arm on a branch. “Shut your mouth!” He punched towards Dragen’s gut but his anger made him clumsy and he tripped over a stone he had avoided before. He landed flat on his back.
“Besides, it doesn’t matter, I’m asking her on a date,” Dragen continued his mocking, leaning over a panting Percy. Percy closed his eyes. She liked Dragen enough to give him a chance, he knew that much. He couldn't lose her to him. But Dragen was right, how could she forgive him?
The twins were watching the fight. They had never heard of Dragen even being interested in someone, much less having the words to ask them out. It made them angry, but they didn’t know why. They found themselves tackling Dragen to the ground. Dragen fought back. Percy lifted himself from the ground to see the other three fighting again. “The fight is over,” he said just loudly enough for them to hear, and everything stopped.

 “Someone get me out of here!” Kalli screamed again, but just like the million past times, there was no response. “Percy! I am never forgiving you for this!” as soon as she said it she knew it wasn’t true. She would forgive him again and again if she had to. Just because he--she heard the door unlocking.
“Oh, thank you!” She ran out and hugged him. This hug was familiar, but it wasn’t Percy. “No,” she whispered. This wasn’t happening, not now. She pushed him away and ran outside; she had to get away from him.
“Kalli, Baby, stop being stupid,” Drake called, running after her somewhat annoyed with her reaction to seeing him.
“How do I lose him? Why is he here in the first place? Why now? Why can't he just go back home?” Kalli muttered to herself, running through the flowered courtyard.
“Kalli, stop! I need to talk to you!!” Drake was the faster runner and caught her by the waist, pulling her back to him, like he used to do in the hallways. “Just hear me out! Alright?”
“No!” Kalli jerked out of his grasp. “Not alright, not alright Drake! GO HOME!!”

Percy had an hour before he and Kalli had to be in their piano class. She was going to be angry, but he was going to let her out of the closet. He got to the top of the hill above the courtyard and looked down. One boy in particular stood out because he wasn’t wearing a uniform, just jeans and a black tee shirt. He looked at him with little interest, but then he saw who he was chasing: Kalli. He grabbed her waist and spoke, but she jerked away from him. She was angry. Who was this guy? But then he heard Kalli screaming at him. “Not…ght…Drake! Go home,” Percy’s brain switched: Drake. Anger and adrenaline sped through his veins. He ran down the hill towards them. Drake had grabbed her again, by the arm this time. Percy jumped over a stone bench. Everything looked like it was moving in slow motion to him. He grabbed Kalli’s waist and swung her behind him, grabbing Drake’s arm and it came off her. Percy’s right hand made a clean precise blow to Drake’s nose. He felt the bone crack under his fist; it was worth it to see that jerk grimace in pain in the way he had seen Kalli grimace after she learned the truth.
“Percy! What are you doing?" Kalli said.
“Who the hell is this?” Drake asked, gripping his bleeding nose.
“Percy, where are the other guys?”
“I said, who is this, Kalli?”  
“They went to class. Which we should too pretty soon,” Percy took Kalli’s hand to take her to class.
“I see. This is your new foreign boyfriend."
“No sir. I am not. I am her friend and you are a stupid, lying, cheating, hard-headed jerk. And because you are not a student at this school, I think you should leave.”
“I am not leaving until I talk to Kalli,” he cursed, holding his nose. “Dude, I think you broke my nose!”
“You have spoken to Kalli and regardless of your physical condition, you need to leave. No one wants you here, 'dude'."
Drake peered around Percy. “You’re really letting him talk for you. That’s not the Kalli I know,” he was right and he knew it.
“Percy? Can I talk with you for a moment?” Kalli said touching his shoulder to calm him.
Percy stepped away from the angry, bleeding Drake. “What?”
“Maybe I should hear him out, see what he has to say."
“You have got to be kidding. Kalli, do you not remember what he did?"
“Of course I remember,” she said quickly. “But maybe he has something of value to say. It could give me closure.”
“Closure?” Percy couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “Kalli, he cheated on you! There is nothing that he can say that would hold any value! Kalli, come on!”
“And what if you’re wrong?!” Kalli nearly shouted, she sighed. “Look, this is my life. I know how I want to live it. You can’t tell me what to do. I’m gonna hear him out. Then, I will make my decision,” Kalli turned to walk back to Drake, but Percy grabbed her arm.
“You are making a mistake. Make a decision right now: it you go talk to him, you lose me. If you consider taking him back, well, don’t come to me when he breaks your heart again.”
“Don’t…Percy…don’t make me make that choice.”
Percy dropped her arm and stepped back holding out his arms beside him. “I’ve made my point, make your choice,” His face and eyes were calm, unreadable. Kalli couldn’t speak. She couldn’t believe Percy was doing this to her.
“I…I am going to hear what he has to say…”
“Goodbye then,” Percy walked off his hands in his pockets, leaving Kalli alone. Kalli turned to face her decision.

“Masashi!” Lupe ran into his arms. He was surprised but caught her with ease.
“Why the sudden enthusiasm?” not that he wasn't pleased.
“I just missed you,” she smiled and looked up at him, her arms draped around his neck.
Masashi was confused but he swept his hand through her hair. “I missed you too,” he offered her his arm and they began walking. “So, which classes do you have this afternoon?”
“You do know that I’m aware that you stole my schedule this morning?”
He smiled, no guilt on his face. He was shameless. “I figured, but I want you to tell me any way.”
“Violin and musical composition with technology, you?”
“Vocal training and songwriting,” he sang lightly in her ear. His voice sent shivers down her spine. His voice was so sweet, but it had a nice edge to it. She had never heard a man sing like he could. It was why he was here.
“Mmm, I like it when you sing to me,” she laid her head on his broad shoulder, feeling how his voice vibrated his body.
“I know, that’s why I do it,” she felt his smile in the vibrations. This was where she belonged, right there, with him.

***


Chapter eleven
Crescendo 

 “Thanks for giving me a second chance, Kalli. I don’t deserve it.”
“You’re right. You don’t. And I’m not giving you a second chance yet. I’m giving you a fair trial.”
Drake looked disappointed. “I guess that’s all I can ask for.”
“You got it. But, don’t think for a second I have forgotten what you’ve done. I have a class starting in ten minutes, so why don’t you go get something to eat, fix up your nose, and meet me at the coffee shop here on campus at five. That should give you a few hours to think about your excuses,” Kalli knew it would be a rough afternoon. She had three classes, two of which she had with Mr. Make-a-choice-now-because-I’m-a-closed-minded-foolish-stupid-boy.
“Alright, but I don’t need excuses. I know what I want to say.”
“Whatever, Drake,” Kalli ran to the D wing, and into the--somewhat dreaded now--piano classroom.

 “Uh!! Why would I do that? I’m so stupid! I mean goodness, I left her alone with him of all people! I’m so angry with myself!” Percy was screaming out his anger at his pillow. “And now I have to go to a class with her! With those big brown eyes that will look at me saying, ‘Percy, please help me, I don’t know what to do,’ and guess what? I’m going to fall for it, because guess what? I’m an even bigger idiot than she is!” Percy sat up on the bed, “But why would she choose to stay with him? I don’t understand, he broke her heart and yet she wants to talk to him? It’s not as if talking will change the facts, she’s just going to get herself hurt. And of course I had to be an idiot so she won’t even let me know what happens so I won’t know how bad I have to break him,” Percy put his hands over his face, he had a headache, he was worried about Kalli, what if she did take Drake back? Where would that leave him? The truth was, he didn’t know. And he was terrified to find out.

Mr. Allen was in the position he always hated: having to ask someone to help him keep the students in check, “Lupe.” 
“Yes, Thomas?” She turned. If she was late she would just have to ask for a pass. He rarely pulled her aside during the week and most the time it was important. 
“I heard about your Data Venia members fighting on campus this morning. I know it’s difficult with a bunch of boys but it you could discourage that from happening again, that would be great. I would hate to take disciplinary action. Paperwork and all,” He smiled bashfully.
“Don’t worry. I’ll talk to them and personally take care of them if it happens again. I actually didn’t know there had been a fight.”
“Apparently Mr. Papov, Mr. Papov, and the tall scary one.”
“Dragen Kown,” She told him, not that it would help him remember. Dragen liked to stay in the shadows even being the star he was.
“Yes. Thank you.” 
“I’ll take care of it. Thank you for letting me know.”

Piano class lasted forever despite Mr. L’s attempts get her attention with the new knowledge he offered. Kalli’s mind was sitting at the piano next to Percy and everything was fine. Drake had never come, the fight between Percy, Dragen, and the twins had never happened. Percy was not disappointed with her. But her mental picture of how she wished things were couldn't change the situation. In reality she was sitting across the room from him, he was upset with her, and Drake was messing up her life again. She sat two seats from the front, but didn’t hear a single thing the professor said. She heard the bell ring and it took her a moment to realize that she was supposed to go to her next class. Violin, no Percy, less pain. She stood and gathered her things.
“Kalli?” She spun so fast it made her dizzy, but he ignored her stumble which was very out of character for him. “Kalli, have you changed your mind about talking to Drake?”
“No, Percy, I haven’t,” he turned to leave but she grabbed his sleeve, her face hidden by her bangs. “Don’t leave me Percy, I need you. I can’t do this without you and I feel so alone without you. Please, help me.”
Percy couldn’t believe how large her brown eyes could get. Here she was, the girl he was falling for. Begging him for his help and it broke his heart. She looked so vulnerable. She was scared. He could see it in her eyes “Kalli…” he shook his hair to clear his head. “You will be fine without me. You were fine before you met me. You can do it again, I’m sorry I’m doing this to you.”
“Then don’t! Don’t do this to me, Percy! Please,” he saw the tears swell up in her eyes.
He grabbed her hand from his sleeve. “Je t’aime,” he dropped her hand, looking at the floor, and walked away.
“Percy! Please no! St…” her voice caught as she fell to her knees in tears.
Percy ran down the hall, hoping that none of the other students saw the small silver tears running down his face.

 “Ok. Now that you have sufficiently screwed up my life, talk,” Kalli didn’t want chatter. She wanted to hear what she didn’t know, what she had lost her best friend for.
“I’m sorry…”
“Cut the crap. I want to hear the things I don’t know.”
“I cheated on you.”
“I know, again, I want to know what I don’t,” she clarified every word.
“Um…ok,” he sighed. “I came here to get you back.”
Kalli stood from the small table. “You are wasting my time. Go home, Drake,” she walked out of the coffee shop and he followed her.
“Kalli give me a chance!!”
“Drake, I gave you a chance! I saw you today! I didn’t let Percy beat the crap out of you! I lost my best friend because of you! What other chance do you want? Do you want me to die for you? Sit down and let you tell me everything I already know? What, Drake, What?”  Kalli felt hot tears run down her face. She had given him every chance, but he didn’t convince her he was worth her time. She was done with him.
“I want you to hear me out!”
“Percy was right. Nothing you say can ever hold any value. Go home! You have finished your business here," Kalli started to leave more quickly, but Drake grabbed her shoulders. She turned towards him, trying to break free, but his grip held.
Everything changed at once. Drake’s arms were removed from her shoulders. She felt herself pulled back by a new pair of hands on her shoulders and two arms resting on her head. She saw a dark form appear in front of her. Data Venia was here. Lupe walked in, patting Kalli’s back between Masashi’s hands. “So,” she started kindly, “I hear you have been messing with our girl.”
“Guys, what are you…?” Dragen’s hand shot out behind him and his index finger landed softly on her lips, causing immediate shock to her nervous system due to his harsh gentleness.
“Your girl?” Drake looked offended but it was immediately replaced by the shock of the size of the twins leaning on her head. Drake was about 6”2’ but these guys…
“Yes, she is our girl. We all are a group and we look after our own. I’m her roommate. I was the first to find her after she got off the phone with you. I want to prevent anything like that from happening to her again, if you don’t mind.”
“I do mind as a matter-of-fact!”
“Well, what a wonderful person you are, you want to see her go through that kind of pain? Well then sir, you do not have her best interests at heart. You don’t love her. Therefore, you will not be able to pursue a relationship with her which means the only logical solution is for you to leave. You have no goals to accomplish here other than to make enemies and make a fool of yourself,” Masashi said, as logical as ever. "And believe me: you have already made enough of an ass of yourself so I would stop while you're ahead."
“What is with you people? I mean Kalli’s alright, but the way you are defending her you would think she was a goddess,” his words opened Kalli’s old wounds. She hadn’t known just how little respect he had for her and he just summed it up in one sentence. What did she ever see in him?
Dragen shot in. “She is a goddess to us, and you are an..."
“Dragen!” Masashi stopped him short. to Kalli’s surprise Dragen just grimaced and remained silent.
Lupe sighed. “The point is: you got to speak to Kalli. What else did you want after the way you treated her? And still are treating her?”
“I…I want her back. I’m in love with her,” Drake stuttered out.
“No, you are not,” the twins interjected this time. “You are in love with the prize. She is not a prize. She is a wonderful, loving, caring, sometimes rather clueless person. She is not a thing to be won and you are looking for a victory. You will not find what you want here. As for Kalli, she is a strong independent woman and she will be just fine without you.”
“But…I…I..."
Masashi stepped forward. “Sir, while you still have some pride left, I believe it is time for you to leave. You have overstayed your welcome. I will walk you to the gate,” Masashi led a mentally-battered Drake to the front gate.
After Drake was out of sight, Kalli lost control of her legs, she fell. The twins caught her, holding her upright. “Thanks guys,” They all made a group hug around her. And despite her dislike of people being close to her, she loved this hug. When they released her she was facing the hill. Her heart plunged to her stomach. Did she imagine the top of that black shaggy head walking down the opposite side of the hill?

 “We aren’t celebrating?”
“We have school tomorrow. We will celebrate this weekend, besides, I need to talk Kalli about something,” Lupe rolled her eyes at the twins childishness. “Besides, you two are on lock-down for fighting on campus. Idiots.”
“What about, Lupe?” Kalli asked over the twins complaints.
“Stuff.”
“I hate that answer.”
“I know.”
Percy was rather pleased with himself. His plan had worked. He had hoped Kalli would choose him instead of Drake, but her loyalty stayed with the jerk, so he had sent Data Venia in after her in that way he could protect her without changing his ultimatum. He was happy Drake was gone, but his happiness drained as he thought of how much he had hurt Kalli. He had heard her cries of pain echoing in his mind like a bad record player. He hoped she could somehow forgive him, find it in her heart to forget this horrific first day, the first day of school. Odd, in the past it was always an exciting day. True today was exciting, but it was misery. He hoped it was all in the past. Percy’s mind flashed--his father--it wasn’t over. He would come. Percy knew that for a fact. He shook his foggy head. He would worry about that later and right now he needed was sleep and hope that Kalli would be Kalli and understand.
Percy wished on a star that night. He wished for peace.

Lupe closed the dorm door behind her. “Alligator food.”
Kalli’s eyes widened. “I’m sorry? I don’t follow,” her heart started to pound a little harder.
“You say it often in your sleep. I figured out what it means. I find it interesting. At first it was Dragen, Sasha, Demitri, and Percy that you would say it to, but lately it’s stuck between Dragen and Percy.”
“It’s late. We should get some sleep,” Kalli said quickly wanting to drop the subject. She made motions to make her bed.
“I want to hear your alligator food story first.”
“Alright,” Kalli sighed. “At my school in California, any kind of show of public affection was punishable by detention, that included saying I love you in the hallways. So Drake started saying alligator food to me when I asked him what it meant, he lipped it, it looked like he was saying I love you. So we would should it to each other whenever we saw each other in the hallway. It became our special thing. But I don’t understand why I would say that in my sleep, especially about Percy or Dragen of all people.”
“Hm.”
“That’s all you have to say? Hum? Tell me, what does je t’aime mean?”
“Not until you figure out who you like: Percy or Dragen.”
“They're both just friends. Why would I think of them as more?"
 “You can find out what it means on your own then.”
“Fine! I will!” Kalli dove under her covers acting like a five-year-old mad at her mom. “Good night!”
Lupe got ready for bed quietly brushing her short hair and making her bed. Kalli pulled the covers below her chin. “Lupe? I’m still mad at you. But how did you know where to find me today?”
Lupe laughed. “Wouldn’t you like to know? Well I will just say that the one person that wasn't part of the plan was the mastermind behind it.”
“Percy? But he’s angry with me right now because I chose Drake over him.”
“That may be true, but he still cares, a lot. He cares about your well-being.”
“That doesn’t make sense,” Kalli denied Lupe’s claims whatever they may be.
“Sure it doesn’t, but look at his behavior. Saving you in town. Getting angry over Drake. Locking you in a closet so you wouldn’t have to see a fight. Seems like he cares about you a lot,” Kalli thought about it, it made sense but they were just friends, nothing more. At least that’s what she thought. "Besides, why can't he care, he's you're friend."
“Yeah I guess, and Dragen was acting pretty off today, insight on that?”
“I thought you were mad at me.”
“I was, but I thought since you are rooming with me…I need to learn to deal with you withholding information.”
“Hm, so you can be reasonable.”
“Yes on occasion.”
“But if you had to choose between Dragen and Percy, who would you choose? Theoretically, of course,” Lupe was persistent. She wanted to know.
“I don’t know…I don’t really think about them like that…they are both kinda cute I guess.”
“They both are good looking, very good looking, like smokin’ hot looking, like sexy god of attractiveness good looking.”
Kalli laughed and shook her head. “Yeah, I guess they really are. This one is difficult. I don’t really know very much about Dragen.”
“No one does. It’s part of his personality,” Lupe said so plainly they both started laughing. "Could be appealing I guess. Kind of that sexy, mysterious thing going on?"
“Yeah but Percy is…really, really nice. But he can be very difficult at times,” Kalli thought about all her times with Percy, all her times with Dragen: Phantom of The Opera, hugging him that night, liking the way his shoulders felt. And Percy: leaving the hill, locking her in that stupid closet…running to find her after talking to Drake on the phone, waking up in the hospital, holding his hand…she liked his hands. “I like them bot., I don’t know which I like better. They’re both so…amazing."
"Hate to be the bearer of crap news, but at some point you are going to have to choose."

“You guys did well today, thank you for doing that,” all the guys were chilling in Masashi and Percy’s room. As a rare treat for their hard work that day Masashi was making an exception to his 'no twins in my room' rule.
“No problem,” Demitri started. “We enjoyed it,” Sasha finished.
Dragen rolled his eyes and Masashi translated. “It’s really annoying when you two do that.”
“We know,” they said together and everyone sighed and rolled their eyes.
Percy laughed. “But Dragen,” he started, his smile fading to show the hard lines of his face. Dragen raised his eyebrows questioningly, as much as a response Percy could hope for. “This isn’t over,” he continued. “I will not forget what you said. At the fight, I mean.”
“I do not expect you to. Nor would I want you to.”
With two short sentences the conversation was closed for the night.

***


Chapter twelve 
Reprise

During the second week of school Data Venia started zero hour. Courtesy of Lupe’s amazing ability to pull stings; it was the only class the entire group had together. Athletics. 
“Dang!” Demitri ran ahead of Sasha and into the stadium.
“Ah…Mr. Popov,” the young teacher sighed acknowledging his lateness. Sasha ran in. “And Mr. Popov. Nice of you both to join us on the first day of class,” Kalli turned to see them. They looked terribly out of place as they shuffled to stand next to she and Percy. She stifled a giggle as they stumbled through the crowd. She thought they learned their lesson with Mr. Kelley last week. “Boys, must we go through this every year? Anyway, what’s done is done, let’s get down to business,” the teacher was a pure bred American; he had been teaching off season sports for three years, since he was 22. He had finished school early so they asked him to teach. “My name is Jake, yes Jake is my first name. I am 25 years old. I am too young to have a Mr. in front of my name. You will have to take this class for a semester every year so you will be seeing me a lot. While I am a pretty easy going guy, if you choose not to do a sport, this is not a blow off class; this is not the easy way out. I am going to work you harder than you ever thought you could be worked. So with that in mind, all first years, please come with me.”

Kalli tried out for tennis and made the freshman honors team along with 21 others. Tennis was something her mother kept her involved in since 6th grade. She had always dreaded it but now it gave her something that reminded her of home. Something that made her feel like her entire world wasn’t falling apart around her. 

Percy loved having a chance to run again, like he did in high school. It cleared his head of all the fog that had descended on his life, all the new complexities that he had never had to contend with before disappeared as the air rushed by his ears. This was right.

“Okay, upperclassmen! Your coaches await. However, if you would like to make the choice to stay in this class come make an orderly line, shake my hand and tell me your name so I can check you off the list. Every morning you will check in with me to see what the work out of the day is and believe me, it won’t be easy. Alright, fly away little birds!” 
Masashi went to the basketball coach, the twins to rowing, Dragen to track, and Lupe to Jake. 
“Lupe Gonzales,” she watched him put a check next to her name then stepped out of line.
“Miss Gonzales?” She looked back. “Would you please meet me after class? I have something I wish to discuss with you.”
She nodded, about time.

The last students took forever to trickle off the field. Lupe tapped her feet impatiently; she had never been very good at sitting still for any length of time. She thought that was one of the many reasons she was a disappointment to her parents.
“Finally. I thought that line would never end,” She heard Jake sigh. “Lupe,” his voice full of knowledge, as it always was.
“Jake,” her voice was guarded, cold. She stood slowly. It had been a while since they were alone last. “I must admit I was surprised to hear you were teaching this class again.”
“Yes, well, it surprised me too,” He walked over to where she was standing. “But there were no violin position, so I took this. Maybe the old coot can retire sometime soon,” He gave her a sideways smile. The one he used to wear most of the time and against her will she giggled and smiled back. He was too familiar, too safe.
“I missed you, Jake.”
“I missed you too, Lupe. It seems like years ago that I graduated,” He sat about five feet down from her on the bleachers. 
“It has been years. I was a first year then, remember? I’m a fourth year now,” she was sad to say it. He had been gone for so long. She had seen him around but she had never been in his class for more than a day before. She always went for swimming or rowing.
“That’s right. Oh and that means I missed your twenty-first birthday too, gosh, some friend I am.”
“You were a great friend. It’s because of you I am the person and musician I am today. You were the first person to encourage me to chase my dreams. I thank you for that,” she had to give credit where credit was due.
He smiled. “Thank you. You saying that means a lot to me,” He slid towards her slightly but she slid away the same amount. He noticed and frowned slightly to himself. “Sorry, too little too late right?” He pushed his sandy hair off his forehead awkwardly.

“Yeah. I’m sorry, but I’m a girl you only get a chance with once. You had me at your graduation and I never heard from you again. You told me then that you wanted to marry me and you never contacted me,” He tried to speak but she interrupted him. “Then, much to my surprise, I see you a summer later--an awful summer just so you know--teaching my class. Why did you choose to try to talk to me now? You've been teaching here for three years now; did you finally decide to open old wounds? You never did tell me what prevented you from calling me that summer. I finally called you, and surprise, surprise, there was no answer. So guess what, Jake? I got over you, I moved on. You are my professor and an old mentor, nothing more.”
“So this has to do with Masashi? I noticed how close you two were this year,” He crossed his fingers to demonstrate how close they looked and gave her a questioning look, then crossed his arms the way he did when he was perplexed. Trying to see what she saw in him. Lupe was miffed he would even consider bringing Masashi into this; he used to have more class. Though, she used to see a lot more in him. 
“No, Jake, this has to do with me. See you tomorrow, Coach,” She half ran out of the stadium, hot tears swelling in her eyes. He wouldn’t see. He would never see her cry again.

“Kalli! Over here!” Lupe called her over. She quickened her pace through the crowds. Seeing the twins, Lupe, Dragen, and Masashi waiting for her made her heart fly. The twins had saved a spot for her between them. She slid her tray in then hopped over the bench herself. 
“Hey, guys,” she said in an attempt to seem normal. She put on her best show smile. 
Lupe shook her head. “Now that’s just sad,” Masashi patted her on the back. 
“Enough room for one more?” Everyone looked to see Percy. 
“Absolutely,” Masashi said. “Right here,” Masashi squeezed into Lupe allowing Percy to slide in on the end. No one spoke a word. 
No one spoke for the rest of lunch. 

Kalli was trying to ignore the pile of notes that sat at the corner of her desk. They had been delivered to her in a number of ways. Thrown, flown, rubber band shot, flicked, rolled, slid, walked, hid in her hair, and other childish ways of delivering a piece of paper. She just collected them and put them in the right hand corner of her desk. But they were wearing down her patience. It was hard to focus on theory with them looking at her. “Stop it,” she hissed through closed teeth.
“What’s wrong?” Sasha asked, true concern floating above the teasing voice. 
“Nothing.”
“You’re a bad liar,” Demitri accused. 
“You’re annoying.” 
“Ouch. Just because you’re having a rough time doesn’t mean you can be cruel. We are obnoxious; don’t insult us by cutting us short.” 
Kalli let out a short laugh but the rest caught in her throat because she knew she really shouldn’t be laughing. She had convinced herself that by being miserable she could somehow win him back. Somehow he would come back to her to make everything okay again. “You know, Kalls, you don’t have to be upset forever,” Sasha whispered in her ear.
“I’ll talk to you after class.”

“I wish I could just lock him in a closet! Maybe then at least he would yell at me! It would be better than this utter silence! Anything would be better than the silence,” Kalli vented to the twins who had made it a habit to walk her to class. It had been four days and the silence from Percy was killing Kalli. Whenever she tried to talk to him he ran out of the room. “I just need to hear his voice,” Kalli shook her head at her own obsessive silliness. She missed him terribly; his hugs, his smile, even his smell. Why?
“Well a closet can always be arranged,” Sasha said, smiling down on her.
“No,” She sighed half-heartedly. “I’ll figure out some way to live without I guess. Thanks guys,” She gave both of them a hug and turned into the piano classroom to face yet another session of a silent best friend.

“Where are you headed, Miss Hardford?” 
“Mr. Allen,” Kalli said with some mix of surprise and suspicion. “Guitar basics. How can I help you, sir?”
“Please, the sir is not necessary. How are your first few weeks of school going?”
“Fine. I’m still getting my bearings but I’m adjusting.”
“Good, good, good. Very proud of you. I do hope that you continue to excel the way you have. Your teachers tell me that you are struggling to focus in class, is this true?” Concern was a strange look for the red-faced man to have.
“Yes, sir. I have been distracted, I have a lot in my mind.” 
“Have you tried yoga?”
“Sorry?”
“To clear your mind,” He said. “I find it helps me find a Zen.” 
“I might give that a try.” 
“I should hope so. You need to be focusing on your end of year project.” 
“End of year project?” She stopped walking. 
“The end of year recital? Surely you are practicing for it. And I expect a duet from you and that Percival fellow.” 
“Oh, well…”
“Well, I best not keep you. Good luck in your classes! Cheerio!”
Kalli sighed, that old man was exhausting.

***


Chapter thirteen
Resonance

“Well, well, well. I’ve seen you before. You’re part of that group aren’t you? Oh what’s it called? Something in Latin,” Kalli’s assigned tennis partner swung his racket.
“Hi, I’m Kalli,” Kalli tried to smile as nicely as she could. She had hoped to make her own impression without Data Venia’s help. 
“Tyler.” 
“You’re American,” Kalli was shocked. He was the first other American she had met since arriving in England. 
“So are you,” He winked. “I’ve seen you around but never got to talk to you. We should probably practice. You good at this?”
 “Yeah, yeah I’m good.”
“Good. Because I really don’t need a tennis ball in the back of the head, so if you aren’t good you had better take the front spot.” 
Kalli laughed, sad that it was a legitimate concern. She went ahead and took the front spot to ease his mind. She hadn’t played a real match in years. 
“So, how are you and your bo?”
“Bo?”
“Boyfriend.”
“What boyfriend?”
“The guy you’re always hanging out and walking around with. I’m assuming boyfriend, you two looked pretty chummy. Tall, black hair, creepy blue eyes.”
“Oh! You mean Percy!”
“So that’s his name?” Tyler said, his voice detached.
“Yeah.”
“Don’t care. Point is you haven’t answered the question. How are you two?”
“No, no, no we aren’t…we couldn’t…he’s not…actually we aren’t really friends anymore, I don’t think. I don’t really know, it’s complicated.”
Tyler had an easy laugh. “I had a girl like that once. Could never tell what the devil was going on in her head. On again, off again. That’s how we were.” 
Kalli couldn’t really tell him that that wasn’t how it was at all because she didn’t really know how it was. She didn’t even know if she would ever see him smile again. “Well we gonna gossip all day or are we actually going to play?”
He seemed to lock in and Kalli couldn’t lie to herself, they made a decent team.

“Kalli, are you still awake?”
“Yeah, I can’t sleep. You?”
“The same, I guess the day was just too exciting.”
Kalli giggled. “You weren’t sitting alone in most of your classes. I was so bored.”
“True,” Lupe giggled too. “But I had to talk one on one with my old mentor and crush, talk about awkward.”
“Really? That’s rough, who was it?”
Lupe didn’t know if she could tell Kalli. Could she trust her? “It really is not that important.”
“Yeah it is. Who is it?”
“Jake,” with that word the room was still, as if both of them were falling through the blackness, realizing who he was.
Kalli’s voice froze. “Ja…Jake? As in coach Jake? Okay, story time. When did you have a thing with smokin’ hot coach Jake?"
Lupe laughed and nodded, which wasn’t really necessary because of the dark, but it gave her comfort, “That’s the one. He was a fifth year when I was a first year. Did I not tell you this?”
“I vaguely remember you talking about it, but you didn’t really go into detail. And you just said he was your mentor.”
“He was a tad more than that. When he graduated I figured nothing had changed, but I never heard from him. I came back the next year, having accepted it and moved on, to find I am in his class. Today was the first time we talked alone since he left. In a nutshell, I turned him down, he blamed it on Masashi. I told him it was not about anyone but me. And I walked away,” Her voice was eerie, distant and quiet. It was obvious she wasn’t really in the dorm anymore. Her mind was somewhere very different. It sent chills up Kalli’s back.
“At least he knows how you feel now. Maybe he will understand. Things can only get less awkward from here on."
“I hope.”
“He will,” Kalli got up and sat with Lupe on her bed. “It’s going to work out,” she put her hand on Lupe’s shoulder.
“Thank you Kalli,” the two girls sat on the bed and leaned against the wall. “I wonder how you can do this when it’s obvious you have your own problems,” they both reflected on the whirlwind that had sucked Kalli in during the past three months.
Kalli sighed. “I don’t know. I guess in a way helping other people with their problems help with mine. I have always been like that. At home, my friends would come to me all the time for advice. When I gave them advice, whatever problem I had worked out as I helped them.”
Lupe smiled. “I guess that makes sense. I wish I could do that. I was never much good at giving advice. Never had much practice. With as strict as my parents were, I never had many friends. And those I did were snotty and spoiled,” she sighed. “In a way, this school is my childhood. I have chances to run and play with my friends. I like it. I am kind of like the twins in a way. I am stuck at eight years old.”
“Like the twins? How so?” Kalli was confused. Sure the twins were young souls, childlike even. But how did they get ‘stuck’?
“They haven’t told you. That surprises me. Well, I’ll tell you. You are bound to find out sometime. The twins have a very hard and sad past. When they were eight years old their parents were killed, shot, right in front of them. They ran away to save themselves. They pretty much lived on their own until they came here. That’s one of the reasons they are so close: They never had anyone else. But I am always amazed how they can figure it out how to be happy after something like that….”
“That’s so awful. I would have never thought--Is that how Demitri got his scar?”
Lupe nodded. “It’s from the knife they tried to kill him with. Sasha saved him though.”
Kalli had nothing to say. The twins always seemed so happy and upbeat all the time. Who would even suspect that these six foot eight inches monstrous teddy bears had been through so much hardship? “What about Dragen? What’s his story?”
“Dragen? He, well, he is a bit of a mystery. No one knows exactly what his past is. Except Masashi, who has been sworn to secrecy. All I know is he lived with his dad for the first 11 years of his life and his dad did something that resulted in his mother’s death. He ran away and has lived alone with his books and his music ever since.”
“That explains the quiet. And the fear of weakness. Have you noticed that whenever he walks he routinely does a 360 to see if anyone is around, watching?"
“Yeah, my curiosity wants to know what he has been though, but my logic says I really don’t want to know. He is such a mystery,” Lupe sighed and shook her head. “So what’s Percy’s story?”
“What?” Kalli didn’t feel right spilling Percy’s secrets.
“I told you the background of two members of Data Venia that you didn’t know. It’s my turn to learn.”
It made sense to Kalli. “Ok, fine.” Kalli told her about Percy’s father and his childhood. How his father seemed to show up from time to time and it was never good when he did.
“Wow. I would have never thought he would have gone through something like that. He is such a kind soul. It is truly surprising,” Lupe seemed just as amazed with Percy’s story as Kalli was with Sasha, Demitri and Dragen’s stories.
“Data Venia members are so messed up. From what I can tell every one of us has an amazing story to tell.”
“Maybe that’s what makes us good musicians--“
“Maybe.”
The girls stayed unspeaking for several hours before falling asleep. They were both amazed at how much people could withstand and still lead a happy life.

“What are your thoughts Sasha?” Sasha didn’t respond to his name. His thoughts were lost in the sky. The moon was close tonight, bright. Yet to Sasha it seemed to have a veil covering its potential. “Brother! Ground to Sasha!” Demitri’s voice poured over his thoughts.
“Hm? What is it?” He said, all his emotion still in the sky where his eyes remained fixed.
“Where are you tonight? You’ve been gazing at that moon for hours,” Demitri said, frustrated but sitting on the windowsill next to his brother.
“You say that like it’s a problem. I’m just thinking,” Sasha finally faced his brother but his mind was still soaring among the stars.
“It is a problem. I just went on a 20 minute rant. And you didn’t hear a single word. What were you thinking about for that long anyway?” Demitri was slightly jealous of his twin’s ability to just shut up and sit still. He had never been able to do that himself. He felt his hand tracing the scar under his chin, the only physical difference between himself and his brother that they knew of.
“Does it hurt?” Sasha asked quietly leaning towards him to inspect.
“I’m fine. No big deal. Anyway, as I was saying, now that I have your attention, do you believe we should ask Kalli to the formal?” He leaned against the wall behind him on the sill and put his hand on his raised knee. His movement brought him closer to the window. His gaze was drawn to the bright moon. He saw the mystery his brother saw in it. It was easy tonight to lose his physical self and float in his thoughts over the earth.
“I don’t see why we shouldn’t. I mean if she says no we’ll get other dates and if she says yes it could be fun,” Sasha said shrugging into a mirrored position of his twin.
“Why didn’t I think about that? It’s so obvious. Although, you have always been the thinker. I was always the actor,” He smiled tightly but it faded as he remembered the day he got his scar. The day their parents were killed. The day the terror had begun.

They were seven at the time, late evening had fallen. It was a chilly evening but not unusual for the time of year. Demitri remembered mom telling him to get Sasha and hide. That some men from Daddy’s work were going to visit and she didn’t want them in sight. He remembered the tears in her eyes as she hugged him and sent him to hide. When they heard the gun shot they ran under the bed. They heard a man shouting orders to search the house for the children. He could still feel how the hair on his neck rose when the bedroom door opened. It closed several minutes later; he knew they would be back.
“Sasha, it’s going to be okay, I’ll get us out of this, just get out the front door while I distract them,” he felt Sasha’s head nod as he crawled out from under the bed. He had planned to run out screaming. He opened the door and opened his mouth, but his throat closed at the sight of his mother’s face. It was pale; her mouth red with blood. His seven year old brain couldn’t interpret what could cause this until the saw the man with the hand gun.
“There’s the kid! Get him! Find the other!” The man shouted and two other masked figures ran at him. One grabbed him. He remembered screaming as loud as he could, he remembered biting until he tasted their blood, and he remembered the blade. The sharp and rusty blade. His mind had always told him it was rust, but as he grew older he realized it could have been blood. Dried blood.
“Shall I kill the whelp sir?” The first masked figure asked the gun man while holding the thin, sharp blade below his chin, holding him against the wall of his home.
“Yes. Get him out of the way,” The man pushed the blade slowly until he drew blood in a long thin line. Demitri remembered the pain, knowing he couldn’t scream. The memories were sketchy after that point.  He knew Sasha somehow saved him and got both of them far enough away that the men gave up on pursuit. Demitri would never forget the horrified look on his dead mother’s face.
“So it is decided, we take Kalli to the formal if she says yes?” Sasha knew that look on Demitri’s face. He needed to get his mind off his scar, the story behind it, the memory of that night.
“Yeah. It’s decided,” His voice cracked slightly, betraying his thoughts.
“Hey. Look at me, my brother. Some wounds heal, others leave scars, and it is the latter of the two that shape who we are. I know the ghosts that haunt you, they haunt me too. But we can overcome them. We have to overcome them. And I have a feeling in the pit of my stomach that Kalli will play a key role in our healing.”
“You know brother--I’ve been having that exact same feeling.”
The twins sat looking at the moon and thought about one person: Kalli.

Dragen liked to lie in the field on top of the hill at the edge of campus, especially at night. The sky was clear there. The cool grass felt nice on his neck.
He observed how silent the night was; it made him think of a song, but then again, what didn’t? He enjoyed nights like this: comfortable, good for thinking. And so he thought.
His mind drifted among the stars. It found itself with Kalli. Dragen was shocked, he had never thought about a person before, not like this. He hoped she was well--perhaps he was developing feelings for her. He had never cared for anyone but his parents, and well--now even those feelings didn’t matter. He had promised himself he wouldn’t care about anyone again. It was too dangerous, but he felt an overwhelming need to protect Kalli, and he wanted her safe and happy. And he will go to any lengths to make that happen.

“Kalli, after class would you mind taking a walk with me?” Dragen came up behind her as she was grabbing her guitar off the wall. It was the last class of the day, and the only one she had with Dragen. Kalli was excited that it was the end of the week. 
“Sure, is everything alright?” His eyes seemed more guarded then normal (if that’s even possible) so she couldn’t tell what he was thinking.
He, fittingly with his character, said nothing. But he nodded. Just a quick bob of the head, something that would be missed if you weren't paying attention.
Kalli needed the weekend that started tonight, Friday night. At home she would have been out with friends. But tonight her plans were to sit in the dorm hoping for Percy to come. She knew how ridiculous her behavior had become and she couldn’t explain why she acted this way. She would sit alone for hours just praying he would show up. She would spend extra time in the hallway to make him pass her, hoping he would stop to chat, to let her apologize. She knew it wasn’t healthy. But she felt as if she couldn’t help herself.
After class Dragen waited for her in the hallway. She was running late but he didn’t mind. After all, it was Friday. He had to admit to himself, he was nervous at what her reaction would be to his pending request. But it had to be done. He could no longer go without her knowing of his affections.
“Sorry I’m late,” She ran up slightly out of breath. Dragen thought she was cute in the way she was hurrying to meet him. So small, with a smile that made him soften. He let his guard down slightly around her. He didn't worry as much. He didn't want to multitask around her.
“It is alright. I did not wait long,” they began walking slowly down the hallway, taking their time with each step. He noticed each step of his was 2 or 3 for her, he shortened his stride accordingly.
“So,” Kalli started politely after a few moments of silence. “What did you want to talk about on our walk?”
“How are you?”
“You wanted to go on a walk...to ask how I am?” He nodded. “Ok...I’m doing fine. Still a little freaked about the whole Drake thing and I’m very worried about this thing with Percy. But other than that I guess I’m alright. You know, I'm healthy, I'm alive, and I'm living my dream. What more can I ask for?” Kalli said. She had decided just to go along with him until he got to the point. “I meant to thank you by the way. For helping get rid of Drake I mean. It was very kind of all of you to come save me.”
“What are friends for?” He said, perfectly coining the English phrase.
“What, indeed. So anyway, thanks.”
“You are welcome,” He shot her a rare smile. “There was another reason I wanted to walk with you besides your health and the general calming effect of a good stroll.”
“And that would be...?" Kalli encouraged him. She knew it was hard for him to speak his mind. She didn't want to pry.
“Well--you see--...Kalli!” Before Dragen could blink she was gone, he could hear her screaming and the twins laughing, calling behind them. “Sorry Dragen!” He cursed. Why did they always get in the way?

***


Chapter fourteen 
Portamento

Percy gave up on yelling long ago. No one was coming. He sat on a box and looked around the dingey janitor’s closet. What was the twins’ motivation to lock him in here? It seemed like such a childish game. They were just walking down the hallway after class and they shoved him in here. Why? It was the same closet Kalli had been in on Monday. Maybe it was the twins idea of payback for what he had done to her. He saw now why she was so angry with him. He wanted to talk to her, but he was scared she would still be angry. And if Dragen kept the promise he made at the fight, today was the day he would lose her to him. Today was the day when dreaming ends, he thought, a song, but he couldn’t remember which one. He found himself looking at the gold knob. It turned. He stood quickly as the door opened and closed again quickly. He stared in shock at the new addition to the small room, Kalli. She was screaming of frustration.
She got to her feet quickly and ran to the door. She didn’t even see him standing wide eyed in the corner. “Sasha! Demitri! This isn’t funny! Let me out!!”
Percy stood there in shock. The twins had planned this? He made a mental note to hurt them later. Kalli gave up on the door and turned around eyes closed. Her face looked so hopeless. He moved closer to the wall, wanting to disappear. Her eyes fluttered open at the noise. She saw him standing in the corner, his blue eyes wide.
“Percy?” She must be imagining things.
He turned around so he wouldn’t have to look into those beautiful eyes. Why were The twins doing this? And why did this have to hurt so much? He wanted to make everything better, to put the happiness back into her eyes.
 “I really--I’m so sorry,” He could hear the tears in her voice. “I messed everything up. I--I just--don’t know how to anymore, how to be normal. I'm so broken and I don't know how to do this alone," Percy didn’t respond. Not for several minutes. He just let her cry, his heart breaking with each tear. “I--I just can’t Percy! Not without you! I--I love…” he spun and she was in his arms. He was everywhere. “Percy,” He shushed her. For the time being it was his turn to talk.
“Kalli, I can’t be anything without you. I know it sounds lame and corny, but it’s true. I can’t live without you. I don't want to anymore--Je t’aime,” He said with such affection the meaning was dripping from the sweet words. Kalli hugged him closer, “Do you understand now?” He asked, his heart yearning for her to know.
She shook her head against his chest. “No, but it’s ok…” She couldn’t quite finish her sentence before she knew what je t’aime meant. He was showing her. His kiss was fierce yet soft. It was a kind kiss, but a yearning one. There was no space between them. Kalli raised her arms and hooked her fingers in his soft long black hair, playing with the longer strands. His large hands rested on her neck and lower back. Pulling her closer. So close there was no more space to fill and yet somehow he managed to bring her closer. But it wasn’t nearly close enough for Kalli. It was Percy. Everywhere Percy. Everything Percy.
 Eventually they broke apart, still staying close, which wasn’t hard in the small closet. “Wow. That was interesting,” Kalli said bending up just enough to see his face.
“Yes, indeed it was. So if I am reading your body language correctly…you like me as much as I like you?”
Kalli laughed, of course he would try and verify, and not just read her actions. “Yeah, I guess I do,” he kissed her again. Softer this time, sweeter. Then he hugged her close. “Mmm I feel so safe in your arms, it’s nice.” She clung close to his shirt, loving his warmth. She wished they could stay like this forever. Together, this close, feeling amazing, forever.
Suddenly it was much lighter in the small closet. “What’s this?” the twins suddenly joined them in the closet blocking most the light with their bodies. “We hoped that you two would talk and be friends again. But…this?”
Kalli turned away from them and smiled. Percy gave them a smirk. “Well you got your wish. We are friends again.”
“Yes we see that. It is plainly obvious just how friendly you two are.”
 They extended the word friendly to make it mean more. Percy smiled, he was too happy to be angry with their invasiveness. “Yes, I guess it is pretty obvious now,” reluctantly, he dropped the hold he had on her and took her hand instead. “So did I beat Dragen?”
“Dragen?” Kalli interrupted, confused.
“Come to think of it Dragen looked pretty uncomfortable when we pulled Kalli away. I hope we did not interrupt anything,” the twins were truly concerned. They knew it would be bad if it ended up Dragen was trying to ask her out and they dragged her away to make out with Percy in the janitors closet.
“Can someone clue me in on how, and why, we started talking about Dragen? Please?” The three guys fell silent.
“It is nothing, Kalli, do not worry yourself with it,” Percy said squeezing her hand but she pulled it out of his grasp and crossed her arms.
“Do not lie to me, Percy Delano,” They all sighed.
“You do not really want to know,” Demitri said, hoping she would trust him.
“Well, why don’t you tell me and I’ll make that decision myself?”
“One word and I will stab you with your own cuff links,” Dragen came up threatening all of them. The twins looked up at the ceiling, trying to avoid Dragen’s piercing eyes. Dragen gave Percy a look and Percy nodded as if answering an unspoken question. Dragen sighed and nodded. He understood what was going on. He raised an eyebrow to the twins; Percy laughed and nodded.
“I think we have to…yeah,” the twins tried to duck out but Dragen raised his other eyebrow. His eyes coolly angry and the twins paused. “I suppose we can stay,” they said, their faces nervous.
“What are you all hiding from me?” Kalli was agitated now.
“It hardly matters anymore,” Percy said, hoping desperately she would drop the subject.
“Well if it doesn’t matter then tell me, because it obviously won’t change anything.”
“Kalli, can you please drop this,” Dragen asked quietly. His eyes were intense which slightly frightened Kalli, but she just didn’t understand.
“Whatever,” She started to walk away, frustrated.
“Kalli!”
“Don’t Percy. Just leave me alone,” Percy stopped and watched her walk away, feeling his heart drop to the floor.
He cursed himself and his foolish actions. “I really messed up this time , didn’t I?” His face turned to the ground in shame.
“Well now that you bring it up…yes, yes you did,” the twins chimed in perfect synchronization. Dragen rolled his eyes.
“If I know Kalli, she will forgive you,” both of the twins and Percy whirled around at Dragen’s quiet yet strong voice.
“What makes you say that?” Percy asked, cautious of the fact he was speaking directly to him, which usually only happened when he was threatening him.
"She loves you. Romantically or otherwise, she cares about you, bottom line. And because of her affections for you she will forgive nearly anything. She has already forgiven you for multiple things you have done, which if you were anyone else she would have not been so merciful. And you have accepted her for who she is beyond limiting actions. And everyone but the two of you have seen it for weeks. I saw it the first time I saw the two of you together after she got out of the infirmary. And the twins have said they saw your worried glances towards her when they first ‘attacked’ you. Lupe, Masashi, even Drake saw it. Why are you so blind?”
Percy, Demitri, and Sasha stood in awe. It was the longest speech they had ever heard him deliver.
“I must admit,” Sasha said, recovering first. “Dragen is right. I have seen the way she looks at you Percy.”
“Oh,” That’s all Percy could say. He was surprised to find people who thought Kalli cared about him as much as her cared about her. “I am going after her.”
“I would advise against that,” Demitri interjected before Percy could take a step. “She needs some time, she likes space. It is an American thing, I think.”
Percy chuckled and shook his head. “No. It is a Kalli thing.”

Kalli snuck into the old piano building that she visited on her first day at the university. It was one of the oldest buildings on the grounds and no one ever bothered to lock it. Very few people knew about it so it was much quieter than the regular practice halls. The halls of the castle echoed with the music that easily flowed from her fingers. Her piano instructor had given her a piece to practice but she couldn’t find herself to focus on the intense rhythms and complex musicality of the composition. In a better state of mind she would be able to sort through the lines of music with little difficulty. Her father and she would pass their nights counting out rhythms and humming melodies. He was never much good at it, but he would watch over her and praise her when she caught him doing it wrong even if the note was off by a 64th of a beat. He made her meticulous and this was exactly the kind piece she loved to play. But she couldn’t see the notes anymore. There was just ink of the slightly yellow page. The steam she had hoped to blow off still remained built up. She was never very good at funneling her emotions into her work. She was too volatile. That’s why she stopped playing when her father died. She couldn’t find a way to let her fingers play while her heart broke. All she could play, even now, were simple melodies and scales. 
After an hour of failed practice Kalli headed back to her dorm.

Kalli heard a knock on the dorm door. “Come in,” she called. She didn’t feel like moving from her bed.
“Can I really come in?” Percy’s anxious voice came through the door.
“Why couldn’t you? It’s not like it’s locked. No one is stopping you.”
“Well, I feel there is a dark, angry force keeping me out,” he said throwing his voice so he sounded like a Jedi. Kalli giggled against her will
“I feel no such force. It must be in your mind,” his persistence was a bit frustrating to Kalli, but she was torn on whether or not she was still mad at him. She saw his eyes first as he peeled around the frame of the door. She couldn't help but glare at how scared he seemed. As if she could do anything to him.
“Still pretty miffed with me?” To Kalli, miffed was the perfect word for what she was feeling: not quite angry but not at all pleased. “Yup,” He confirmed for himself.
“I just don’t understand why you would keep something from me,” She sat up to face him and he sat on the floor on front of her.
“When we tell you that you do not want to know, the truth is: we are scared to tell you. We are ashamed to face that we have secrets to hide. But, sometimes the beauty of a secret is that it is kept hidden. Other times it is not your secret to share,” His voice was hypnotic. Calm and sure, but not proud. It calmed Kalli’s rough nerves.
“Then whose secret are you keeping from me? Or is it yours that you want to stay hidden?” She leaned forward so her face was only inches from his, hoping he would see the calm questioning in her brown eyes. She only wanted to understand.
“A tad of both I am afraid: It is only Dragen’s to share. But it involves all of us.”
“By ‘all of us’ you mean...."
“Dragen, myself, the twins, and you.”
“So basically--of everyone involved--I’m the only who had been left in the dark?” She questioned his judgment on how much he could and couldn’t tell her.
Percy sighed and nodded gravely.
“Awesome-sauce."
“But more the more important matter, I believe, is not what happened outside the janitors’ closet, but what ‘went down’ within,” Percy said, trying to change the subject.
Kalli sighed and rolled her eyes. “It was a mistake, Percy. I acted impulsively.”
Percy was confused. In the closet she had wanted to be with him, that much he knew. “I...do not understand,” He admitted. He then realized her words. “You said you acted impulsively. That would imply there was an impulse. So, I see no error in our actions.”
Kalli sighed. “Percy, true, I am attracted to you. But…I can’t.”
Percy stood. He felt like he had been waiting all his life for her and she was slipping though his fingers. “Why?” He demanded. “Why can you not, Kalli? Is it because of Drake? He is gone! Is it because you are not ready? I can wait for you! Kalli, I think I am in love with you!”
“Percy," a single tear rolled down her cheek. “Right now you are my best friend in the whole world. I need that. Right now I need you to be my friend,” her heart longed for him to understand.
“Why can’t I be both?” He questioned. “Why do you continue to push me away from your heart? Why are you afraid?”
Kalli’s eyes sparked. “You think I am afraid? You think I am pushing you away, because I’m scared?”
“I do. I think you are afraid of anyone being close to you, in fear they might hurt you,” he looked her straight in the eye. "Understandable, but you know me. I'm not going to leave, or cheat on, or abandon you."
A humorless laugh escaped her lips. “Maybe you are right, and maybe you’re not. I honestly don’t know. All I know is that it’s not going to happen Percy,” She watched his face as he soaked in her words. She watched lips move but no sound shooed from them. She took his silence as an opportunity. She stood and walked towards the door. She thought it was time for him to leave. From the corner of her eye she watched him stagger to his feet, his tall frame filling the small room. Yet his spirit was small now. Kalli no longer felt that happy warmth from him as she normally did when he was in the room. She sighed as she opened the door for him.
“No,” She heard him growl as the door was slammed out of her grasp. She looked up from the floorboards. Percy was standing in front of her, his chest squared. His right hand held the door closed against her on the knob. His face was hard, determined, his silver-blue eyes hard and cold as ice. Unreadable. “No,” He repeated, his lips barely moving. “Before I leave answer me one question.”
“Any..." His lips were then hard on hers. Kalli’s heart soared out of her chest but her brain suppressed it. Percy deepened the kiss, holding her face tenderly in his hand. Kalli’s strength forced her to stay still, hoping he would stop, for both their sakes. She resisted the urge to allow herself to let go. Her mind wanted to push him away but her heart yearned for her to let go of the door knob that kept her stable and fall into his loving arms, to allow herself to love again, to be loved. Why? Why did he have to tear her in half like this? She had chosen when her father was diagnosed that her brain was stronger than her heart. Since then it had helped her deal with the pain, and then along came this boy who threw her mind in circles and pulled at her heartstrings. And how, how in the world had this amazing person grown to love her and make her heart open up to him as well? How? The truth was that she did love him, but her mind knew that she could never be as good, for him, as he deserved. That is why she had to lie. Lie to him and keep him far enough away. Lie to him to save him from damaged goods. Percy broke off the kiss, still holding her face firmly to make sure she was looking at him.
“Now, tell me one last truth. What did you feel? Just now, when I kissed you, what did your heart say?” His jaw was clenched for the answer, preparing himself for the worst.
“I felt nothing,” she lied hoping he would leave so she could break down.
“You are lying through your teeth and we both know it!” He said shaking slightly. He kissed her again, pushing her back against the wall so hard her hand was pulled off the knob by the sheer force.
“Percy,” she struggled against him. “Stop. Please, stop,” he only pressed on. She banged against his chest. His grip on her was too tight, painful. He pulled away.
“Say it. And I’ll leave you alone. Say it if you do not love me. But, only say it if you mean it. You will not get a second chance. Yes or no,” His entire body was shaking.
Kalli sighed. She had to lie to him again, and it had to seem like she really meant it. “Percy, I don’t love you. And I never will.”
“Fine,” He backed away, freeing her from the wall. “Guess I will see you in class then,” he yanked open the door and disappeared.
“Yeah, see you,” she said to the deathly empty space in front of her as she slid to the floor, crying.

“Let me make a blind guess: something happened between you and Kalli?” Masashi had not failed to notice his overall depression. Percy slowly circled the room in deep thought, his face sharp and deadly yet filled with sadness and confusion.
“Yeah, I guess you could say that,” He said, returning immediately to his pacing without as much as a glance towards his roommate.
“Need to talk about it?” Masashi asked in his normal bored tone with a touch of legitimate concern.
“No, leave me be.”
“Fine with me, but can you at least stop walking in circles? It is aggravating,” Masashi flung his long legs onto his bed lightly laying his head on the pillow and staring at the ceiling.
Percy looked at his feet in surprise as if just realizing they were moving. “Sorry,” he too flopped onto his bed, trying not to think about the day.

“Why do you do this to yourself Kalli? It is getting ridiculous. What is the point of putting yourself through this kind of pain?” Kalli hadn’t moved or said a word in hours. Lupe’s phone beeped.

From: Masashi Sao – 9:32 p.m.
Percy’s a wreck. How’s Kalli? Do you know what happened? Percy’s not talking.

“It’s from Masashi,” she said to the still motionless Kalli. “He says Percy’s fine, but he’s concerned about you,” The lie came easy to her because of her intent behind it.
Kalli knew it was a lie. Percy was a mess and it was because of her harsh words.
“What do you want me to say to him? The truth? Or that you are fine?” With no response from Kalli she was getting really worried.

Sent To: Masashi Sao – 9:35 p.m.
I lied to her about Percy. I don’t want to upset her more. She hasn’t moved or said a word since I got in. She’s just curled into a ball by the door. It seems pretty bad. I’m not sure what to do. I would stay up with her to see if I could even get a grunt out of her, but I have a make-up class early tomorrow. I would not tell Percy she is bad, if he asks say she is fine or you don’t know. With any luck this will pass soon.

Lupe waited for a response. She watched Kalli. The only movement she saw was the slow rise and fall of her back and from time to time she would tremble slightly.

From: Masashi Sao – 9:37 p.m.
I understand. Go to sleep dear one. I think Percy has the same morning class because he just crashed. Let us pray that it is only a minor spat that will resolve itself. Goodnight parting. Sleep well.

Lupe let out a sigh. “Kalli honey, I’m going to sleep. Do you want me to help you get to bed? Or leave the light on?” No response yet. Lupe stood up and patted Kalli on the back before moving her arm. She tried to pull her up gently. But her arm was yanked from her grasp. “Kalli, you need to get some sleep. It will help you feel better. Everything will look better when the sun comes out.”
“Sleep here,” A meek voice rose from the creature.
“No you will not. I do not know what happened but I can guarantee a good night’s sleep in a bed will help. Now, come on!” Lupe pulled harder on Kalli’s arm.
Kalli was pulled limply from the floor. Lupe saw her eyes for the first time since she got to the dorm. They were bright red and agitated. The skin around them was swollen and puffy. How long has she been crying? “God, Kalli, you look like you have been through hell and back.” Kalli glared weakly at her but her energy level and heart level was so low it turned out to be a weak and slightly annoyed look. “Sorry, not funny. Can you walk?” Kalli nodded and tried to stand but her legs fell from underneath her. “Alright, Sorry Kal, I know you hate it, but up you go,” Lupe picked her up and carried her across the room placing her as lightly as possible on her bed. She tried to tuck her in but she was out of practice. Kalli was out within five minutes. Exhaustion of depression, Lupe had been waiting for it. Apparently whatever had happened between her and Percy had pushed her hard enough to send her over the edge. Not many people would have held onto sanity for as long as she did. Lupe imagined that Percy was the last thing she felt like she could hold onto for security. Kalli knew she could trust Percy, no matter what came her way. Whatever that had happened today must have shaken her hold and trust with him. Lupe had the morning class with Percy tomorrow. She was debating between beating the snot out of him, demanding what his problem was, and cursing at him in several different languages then kicking him out of Data Venia. But since she knew she probably wouldn’t do any of theat she would most likely end up icing him out until Kalli was better. Then demand to know what was wrong with him. “Goodnight dear Kalli. I am so sorry,” She whispered kissing her lightly on the forehead like her mother used to do when she was sick. “Please sleep well.”

***


Chapter fifteen
Tone

Kalli woke up to find Lupe was long gone. Kalli didn’t have any classes today because it was Saturday. Only people who had a class to make up had to go in this morning. Lupe had to go because she ducked out of class to save her from Drake, same with Percy and the twins. But if Kalli’s watch was correct the class was just about to end. Just as they had the day before, the tears came in waves. First slow then came the waterfalls down her cheeks.
Eventually the tears stopped. Her chest felt sore, like everything inside her had been sucked out. She just sat staring at the wall, her face emotionless. She heard a light rap on the door. “Did you forget your key again Lupe?” She called just loud enough for her voice to carry through the wood door.
“I do not know,” a male voice came back through the door. “Probably though. That sounds like her.”
“Masashi? Lupe’s not here.”
“I know. She is out for lunch with some other fourth years. I came to see you. I have something I wish to discuss with you.”
“I’m not up for a debate today,” she said her voice thin. “I’m sick,” she coughed trying to convince him but his silence proved he didn’t believe her. “Fine, come in. Door’s unlocked.”
The door opened and Masashi grinned. “I should have tried that first.”
“Why are you here?” Kalli asked, getting straight to the point.
“No small talk, huh? Fine by me, I despise the stuff.”
“You didn’t answer my question.”
“You are correct,” He grinned again but it disappeared quickly. “I came to see you. I wanted to see if you were alright. See if maybe I could help you,” he sat on the bed next to her laying his arms over his knees and turning his head to face her. The hunch of his back put him in her level. It made him less intimidating.
“Well I’m fine. I don’t need any help,” She got up from the bed, not liking anyone being within three feet of her but she immediately felt light headed.
“You are a rotten liar,” Masashi said catching her easily and pulling her back onto the bed. “I was afraid of this. Your blood sugar is low. Here, eat this,” He pulled a chocolate and peanut bar out of his jeans pocket.
“Thanks.”
“Just eat,” He sighed. “Now, on the depression scale, Drake is a five and perfectly fine is a one. One a scale from one to ten, how bad is it?”
“Eight point seven,” Kalli swallowed the rest of the chocolate and wiped her mouth. “Thanks Masashi.”
“What happened, Kalli? I need you to tell me what happened between you and Percy,” His voice was level and calm.
Kalli told him what happened from when she got stuck in the closet with Percy and Percy leaving her dorm angry. She tried to make sure that Masashi thought she didn’t like Percy.
“Why did you lie? Why did you not just follow your feelings and kiss him back.”
“I don’t have feelings for him.”
Masashi sighed. “Kalli, look, here is how it is. You can lie to your mom, to Drake, to Lupe, even to Percy. But you cannot lie to me. I understand how to tell what people are feeling and I have a pretty good read on you. When you lie you feel anxious, dirty, and sad. Am I right?”
He was right on. “How did you know that?”
“You are very easy to read and I have had years of practice,” he smiled slightly proud of himself.
“Show off.”
Masashi shrugged. “Now, my awesome talents are not in question here. Why did you lie to Percy by saying you do not love him?”
“It’s not fair to him. He is kind, patient, and loving. I’m broken pieces. I’m no good for him. He deserves better than that, than me.”
“Kalli you sell yourself short. You do not see yourself clearly at all. As for broken pieces, that may be true, but can you not be healed? Let us heal you, is that so hard?”
Kalli hung her head. “No, it’s just...hard to trust. Even if I know I can trust the person."
“Well, can you trust family?”
Kalli shrugged. “Yeah, I guess, but I don’t have much of a family. I mean, Dad’s dead, Mom’s disowned me; I have no aunts or uncles that I know of. I’m pretty much on my own."
“Wrong again,” Masashi poked her shoulder. “You have six other people in your family. Lupe and I are like your mom and dad; you have a cousin, Dragen and three brothers, Sasha, Demitri and Percy. It is part of being in Data Venia. Being a part of the family.
Kalli giggled. “So my father is suggesting that I date my brother?”
“I suggest if the chance arises again that, yes, you give it a chance. But…I would not confuse poor Percival further. Try to be his friend, wait for him to come to you.”
“I would like that, to be his friend again.”
Masashi slid off the bed, pulling himself upward, “Now, come on, princess. Ice cream. On me. Get dressed. I will be waiting in the lobby. Five minutes or I send two of your brothers to come and find you.”
Kalli jumped up. The last thing she needed today was the twins coming after her.

 “One vanilla scoop, please.”
“No, ignore her. She will have a double fudge chocolate brownie sundae, and I will have the coffee lovers mix.”
Kalli cocked her head. “And what if I don’t want that?
“You do believe me. You need some chocolate and it is to die for.”

Five minutes later…
“Mmm, Masashi. You were right,” Kalli dug into the hot and cold sundae enjoying the warm brownies and chocolate fudge topping the cold soft ice cream.
Masashi smiled. “Told you so.”
“How do you do it?”
“Do what? Order great sundaes? Well you see, I walk up to the counter after reading the menu. I see what looks…”
“No, I meant, how are you so good with the emotional factor? I don’t mean to be rude, but it doesn’t seem like you have emotions to relate to.”
Masashi laughed. For the first time since Kalli had known him, he flat out laughed. “What is so funny?”
“You,” Masashi choked through his chortles. “You think that? Really?”
“Yes I do,” Kalli said matter-of-factly.
“Kalli, I assure you I have emotions,” Masashi said still smiling brightly. “I think you fell for the calm and cold act I put on. I usually open up as I get closer to people, but I guess I forgot with you. I apologize for the confusion.”
“So--let me get this straight--you are not an android?”
That got him started laughing again, harder than last time.
“I’ll take that as a no,” Kalli said sitting back in her chair and giggled at Masashi who was nearly falling out of his chair. It took him at least two minutes to resolve to just smiling.
“Is that what you thought? I was some kind of artificial intelligence?”
“Well when I think ‘Masashi’ I think of something always processing information, but in human form. Like a robot of some kind.”
“I guess that is, sadly, a good description of me. My mind is always moving,” he frowned slightly at the comparison.
“As I thought--You never answered my original question. How are you so good at this?”
“Yes, I do not believe I did. Well…”
“What is this?” A horribly familiar voice demanded angrily. “Masashi, explain!”
Masashi put his hands up in surrender. “Look, Percy, just because she is out of your favor, does not mean she is out of mine. I am her friend and I am having a nice time enjoying so some ice cream. If you would like to join us you are welcome, but on one condition: Play nice. And grumpy-pants sit on the floor.”
“That is two conditions,” Percy huffed, but he sat on a stool at the table. Kalli did not help but notice that he chose the one slightly closer to Masashi, the one away from her.
“Glad you could join us Percy,” Masashi chuckled.
“What’s so funny?” Kalli asked, trying to smile as if nothing was wrong.
“Robots,” Masashi started off laughing again.
“Pardon?” Percy’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
“He thinks it’s funny I thought he was similar to an android,” Kalli said giggling tightly at her own silliness combined with the awkwardness of the situation.
Percy’s mouth dropped in shock and humor. “You thought Masashi was some kind of machine,” He snorted, “I understand why he is nearly rolling on the ground,” He smiled at her but his eyes clicked and the easy smile disappeared nearly instantly into an uncharacteristic frown.
“Don’t do that. Please. I beg of you.”
“Do what?” He asked pretending nothing was wrong and the last few seconds had never happened.
“Ice me out. Can’t you be my best friend again? Just like old times? Before things got...complicated.”
“It is not that easy, Kalli.”
“Says who?! Who wrote that rule? Do we need to start over again? Round three! I can do that! Hey, I’m Kalli. Are you Percy? I have heard a lot about you. You’re part of i aren’t you? I am too!”
Percy threw his hand over her mouth. “Kalli! Stop talking! Please. Ouch! Why did you bite me?!”
“You put your hand in front of my mouth. What did you expect?” Kalli said as if it was quite obvious he was just being dumb. “Are we friends now? I mean with us both being in Data Venia it would only make sense.”
“Look, I think you took a chunk out of my hand,” He showed her his hand. She pinned it down on the table with both of her hands.
“Ha! You aren’t getting your hand back until you agree to be my friend again! Because, I miss my Percy,” Kalli’s voice was frantic. She knew that if he really wanted to, Percy could get his hand back. She just hoped he wouldn’t.
His head hung. “Kalli, I want to, I really do. I just do not know if I can be a good friend to you.”
“You always could before.”
“See, there, that's the trick: Before. This, right now, this is the after that no one seems to think exists.  It's not the same as before, and it never will be,” he started to pull on his hand but she pressed harder.
“So is it all a waste? All the memories? Every word? Every fight? Every peace treaty? Has it all been for nothing? Did we go through all that, just to forget about it?” Kalli’s eyes were fixed on Percy’s. They were hard and unyielding, but they were vulnerable. “I refuse to believe that’s how you want things to be.”
“Just because I don't want something, does not mean it shouldn't be that way,” His eyes were cold, detached.
“Maybe it does! Maybe this sinking feeling I get in my stomach whenever I think I might lose you means we should always be friends. Always be part of each other’s lives. What’s your gut telling you Percy?”
He didn’t respond for several moments. He took a deep breath and whispered, barely audibly. “That something is horribly wrong when I am not by your side.”
“So why do you refuse to try? That’s all I’m asking. Try to go back to three days ago. Before any of this ever happened.”
“There is that word again.”
“What word.”
“Before," he said. "You cannot go back Kalli. And neither can I. no matter how much I might wish it.”
“Why are you afraid?”
“Because," He paused. He couldn’t finish his sentence.
“Because why?”
“Because I do not have enough control! If…If I repeated my behavior in your dorm, I would never forgive myself. I can’t even forgive myself now. Kalli…you are hurting my hand.”
Kalli lifted her hands setting Percy free. He shook it to get blood back to his fingertips. “Sorry, I just hoped…”
Percy started to stand. “It is fine Kalli. We all hope,” He began to walk away and called over his shoulder. “I will think about it.”
“How will I know when you have finished thinking?”
“You will know,” The door slammed behind him.

***


Chapter sixteen 
Dissonance

“Tyler?”
“Yes, partner?” He stood and twirled his racket. His eyes awake with interest.
“I’m sorry to ask, but have you seen Percy today?”
“No problem. I’m your friend. And no, I’m afraid I haven’t. Are you two buddy-buddy again?” He nudged her in the stomach with his elbow.
“I don’t know, we talked and he told me he would let me know, so…”
“So you’re worried that him not being around today means he won’t be around ever?” He asked and she nodded. “Well, he strikes me as a guy who values his education and wouldn’t just skip because he is in the middle of a quarrel with someone. Sorry, honey, but you aren’t that important.”
“Thanks, Ty, you make me feel so much better,” sarcasm dripped from her voice. “I hope he might come see us play some time.”
“So glad I could be of assistance,” he bopped her on the head with his racket. “Speaking of: let’s play!” He gave her a sideways smile and jogged onto the court.

Percy walked through the streets just off campus. He had worked three days on the design, now he had to get it made. He was done thinking. He couldn’t live without Kalli. Question is: could he get her to forgive him for taking so long to discover that?
Finally, Percy saw a small corner shop advertising custom made gifts. He walked inside. The small bell above the door alerted the clerk that someone had entered.
“Hello! Welcome! My name is Lizzie. How may I help you?” A young woman shouted in a rich British accent from the back of the small shop before coming to the counter to meet him.
“Yes, I was wondering if you could make this for me,” he unfolded the paper from his pocket and slid it across the counter.
She examined the design for a moment. “Shouldn’t be too difficult. She your girlfriend?” She asked looking up smiling. Obviously a helpless romantic.
“Oh, no! no, just a friend. See,” He pointed out a detail on the page. “We just had a pretty big fight, so this is kind of a peace offering…in a way.”
“Oh, I see,” She picked up the design. “You want it in two separate pieces?”
“Correct.”
“Alright, I can have this ready by five tomorrow evening. Unless, of course, you want to pay the rush delivery fee.”
“No, tomorrow is fine. All the details should be on the page.”
“Is there a phone number we can reach you by when it’s done?”
“My friend’s number is at the bottom of the page,” He pointed it out. He put Masashi’s number so Kalli would have no chance of finding out. Without a reply, he left the shop.

 “Masashi?” Lupe cracked open the dorm door to see him standing in the hall.
“Hey,” his eyes were wide.
“Hey. Not that I’m not thrilled to see you but--what are you doing here? It’s the middle of the night,” Lupe pulled her sweater closer to her torso.
“I had to talk to you,” He looked nervous for some reason. Normally he stayed above anything that might make him anxious. 
“Uh yeah--sure come on in,” Lupe opened the door wider.
“Is Kalli in there?” He asked peering around her.
“Yeah she’s reading.”
“Then let’s talk out here. Please,” he stepped back and gestured for her to join him in the narrow hallway.
Lupe was confused but closed the door behind her. This was so unlike him. He his eyes seemed eager and almost scared. “What’s going on? Are you okay?” Concern filled her voice.
“I’m fine. I have to be honest with you. I need to tell you the truth.”
“About what? It’s late can you stop being so cryptic?”
“Oh. Sorry. I--I.”
Lupe grabbed his hands. “It’s okay. You can tell me whatever it is.”
“I--I,” Masashi leaned forward and brushed his lips against hers. She jolted and froze. Masashi pulled back and separated himself from her sighing, “Sorry. I didn’t mean to do that. I’ll just,” he pointed down the hall. “Leave,” He turned to leave but Lupe held onto his hand.
Lupe could feel her heart bursting from her chest. Masashi turned to look at her. Lupe felt her stomach turn, his eyes were intense and yet nervous behind his glasses. She stepped towards him. “Do you trust me?” She whispered only inches from his pale face.
“With my life,” He said just as quietly as if any noise louder would break the floor beneath them. His breath was shallow as Lupe stepped closer and raised her petite hands to his face. His vision went blurry as his glasses were gently lifted from his ears and removed from his face. “I…I can’t see.”
“I know,” Lupe folded his glasses and hooked them to his shirt then she rose onto her toes and returned his earlier kiss. She twisted her hands in his black hair.
Masashi was shocked. He had loved her since second semester last term. He hugged her closer. How many ways had he imagined this, yet, she still she surprised him. He turned his head and deepened the kiss.
Lupe felt his passion and embraced it. Finally, she thought. She had been thinking of him all summer. At first she didn’t understand why but now it was quite obvious. It felt natural to be kissing him here in the hallway of her dorm in the middle of the night. She lost herself to the kiss.
“Ehem,” They both heard a person loudly clearing their throat in the doorway. Lupe handed Masashi his glasses from his pocket. “Oh don’t stop on my account. I just need to brush my teeth and this is the only way to the bathroom. By all means continue,” Kalli said squeezing past them winking at Lupe.
“No. it’s fine, Kalli. We were just wrapping up. I just had to speak with Lupe. Goodnight,” Masashi said formally bowing to Kalli and kissing Lupe softly and politely on the cheek before leaving down the hallway. He turned and smiled at them as the elevator doors closed.
There was a silence. Then Lupe bounced back into the dorm a smile glued to her face. “I didn’t realize what best friends do here in Europe,” Kalli said sarcastically while locking the door behind her.
Lupe laughed. “Well now I definitely think we are more than friends,” she was hugging her pillow and biting her lower lip. No matter how old she got a first kiss always made her stomach flutter.
“Much more would be my guess,” they both giggled as Kalli turned off the light.

Lupe laughed. “Kalli, I’m glad we’re roommates. I’ve been here four years and I have never had a roommate who I actually was friends with by the time school started and then you came along with you weird little ways.”
“Aw thanks, Lupe. I was a little worried when I first met you, that you would be a really bad influence but I should learn not to judge by the cover,” She smiled. It had been a nice afternoon with just the two of them walking around the campus chatting and laughing. Both girls shared stories about their past, always keeping it light-hearted and happy. 
“Staying out of trouble, ladies?” The girls turned with shock.
“Of course we are, Mr. Stanley. Why on earth would we be purposefully getting ourselves into trouble?”
Mr. Stanley didn’t seem to know what to do with Lupe’s sassy remark so he simply said. “Keep it that way.”
The man walked away and Lupe started laughing, “I swear, that snake gets worse every year the music program excels past his dance program.”
“He seemed to just be worried about school security…”
Lupe laughed again. “Don’t let him fool you. He will use any reason to get you sent to the dean. Considering that Data Venia is one of the stars of this program. He hates us specifically because we outshine his program. Don’t worry though, he is practically harmless and really has no say on campus but just watch your step around him though. Wait until your third year to start purposefully pissing him off.”
Kalli laughed. “I think I’ll just avoid him. What is he doing on this side of the school if he is the dance dean?”
“He’s Thomas’ best friend.”
“What?” It came as a shock considering how friendly the red-faced man was.
“I know, it’s weird, but to each his own, right?” 
“Well done on coining the phrase correctly.”
Lupe gave a little curtsy. “Thank you, thank you.”

 “Percival…?”
“Masashi…?” Percy mimicked his roommate’s tone perfectly.
Masashi rolled his eyes. “Why did I get a call from a shop girl named Lizzie saying my ‘order is ready’?” Masashi shot him a severe look, a glare for mimicking him.
Percy froze. “Maybe it was a wrong number.” he went back to his drawing.
“That’s definitely it. Especially because she called me Percy Delano. What are you hiding?” Masashi asked looking Percy straight in the eye.
Percy adverted his eyes from Masashi’s hard stare. “Nothing,” Percy picked up his bag. “Anyway, I got to go.”
“To see ‘Lizzie’?”
“Something like that,” Percy mumbled under his breath as he walked quickly down the narrow dorm hallway.
“I didn’t catch that last part!” Masashi yelled in vain for Percy was far gone.

“Lupe, may I ask a favor?”
“Depends on what it is,” Lupe continued tuning her guitar without looking at Percy.
“Kalli has Piano Class first thing this afternoon. The class starts at 1:35.”
“You are telling me things I already know, Percival.”
Percy continued on without reacting. “I was hoping you could pull her out before class, but after she sets her bag down so I know which piano she is playing at today.”
Lupe set down her guitar silently. “Percy, are you telling me that you plan to make up with Kalli?” Her face was serious but her hazel eyes were dancing with excitement.
Percy chuckled and nodded. “Something like that.”
“Finally! It has been a rough couple of days at casa de la Lupe y Kalli,” Percy blinked. “Sorry, it means the home of Lupe and Kalli and Spanish. I keep forgetting that the majority of Data Venia doesn’t know Spanish.”
“Right…Anyway, can you pull Kalli out for just a few moments for me?” Percy put his hands together and kneeled. “I am begging you Lupe; I desperately need your help.”
Lupe sighed and rolled her eyes. “I suppose I can rearrange my schedule to help a friend. Now get off the ground. You will dirty yourself.”
Percy stood and hugged Lupe tightly. “You’re the best, Lupe!” With that he ran off to prepare, mentally and physically, for Piano Class.
“Yeah I know,” Lupe said to the swirling air in front of her.

Dragen had not missed the fact Kalli had been distracted since she and Percy fought. Was that imbecile not apologizing? It had gotten to the point Dragen was thinking of stepping in and knocking some sense into that boy. But, for once, he didn’t want to think about it. He wanted to act. Which scared him. It wasn’t his fight. “By tomorrow,” He promised himself. “If she isn’t happy by tomorrow, Percy will pay the price.”

***


Chapter seventeen
Cadence

“So, Kalli, what do you say about coming to the dance with us?”
“No,” She answered without the slightest pause in her step or catch in her voice.
“What? Not even going to think about it first? Why not? Do you not like us?” The twins hooked their arms around her shoulders. “Please?” Kalli brought her arms to her chest as they leant in earnestly.
“I like you both just fine,” they brightened up. “The answer’s still no though,” she sorted through her books for her next class so she wouldn’t have to look at them. They each grabbed half and carried them for her, giving her no easy distraction from their eager eyes.
“Why not? It’s just a dance,” Sasha and Demitri pouted and both gave her a sideways look. If looks could kill, she thought.
“Because, I don’t want to. Besides, if it’s just a dance, why would it matter?” She grabbed her books back, a little harsher then she had intended. “Look, I’m sorry. But I can’t,” she could see the complete disappointment in their eyes. It broke down her resolve. “But I can promise both of you a dance,” She sighed.
Their green eyes lit up. “Thank you, Kalli! Thank you,” the twins straightened their backs and each offered an arm. Kalli rolled her eyes but took their arms anyway. “So you are going alone then?”
“Yup. That’s the plan,” she smiled tightly, it was really nice of them to ask her but, despite all attempts by Data Venia (a.k.a. Lupe and Percy) to help her, it was too soon. She was still upset over Drake and the near-tragic trip into town. She needed time to sort herself out before she added someone else into her life and they would have to deal with that.
“Are you getting ready with Lupe?”
Kalli shrugged. “I guess. I mean, I don’t see why not. She is my roommate and got me the dress,” she chose not to tell everyone that Percy bought the dress. She still wasn’t sure how she felt about him doting about her. “So I suppose she has exclusive rights to a day of dress up Barbie, Kalli edition,” the sides of her mouth dropped at the thought. Her mother always wanted to dress her up in pretty dresses and do her make up; honestly Kalli hated all that stuff. It was an unnecessary pain.
“Kalli don’t fret. You are beautiful to begin with and at Lupe’s expert hands…“ Sasha said drawing a sharp breath for the last words allowing her imagination to take over. “Ah, my breath stops just thinking about it,” Demitri said complementing his brother’s comment and giving Kalli a sideways smile that made her breath stop. The twins really were gorgeous. Their brown hair had a red tint to it that made it shine. Their pure height of about 6’7” made them giants even next to Dragen’s 6’1” frame. They were thin and softly built. There was something pleasant about the shape of their chins and mouths. Despite their potential to look rather scary and overpowering their presence was oddly comforting and carefree. Like she had no worries around them, the problems fell off her heavy shoulders. If for only a moment, she could just let go of the precedence. Two truly beautiful people.
“Thanks guys, hug?” she said recovering her ability to speak and holding out her arms. The twins took a step back. “What’s wrong?” She asked concerned with their adverse reaction.
“What do you think, twin?” Demitri asked Sasha who was speechless and just staring at her.
“Alien. Definitely extra-terrestrial,” he replied putting his hand at his chin as if studying an exhibit in an art museum.
“What?!” Kalli protested but Sasha held up his hand to stop her.
“You asked for a hug. You have personal space issues. This is weird,” He explained carefully.
“I do not have personal space issues!”
“Yes you do,” three voices said. They all turned to see Dragen, graceful as ever, seeming to float over to them, cold and distant as usual. He seemed more pleasant than normal a slight smirk on his lips.
“Hey Dragen! What’s up?” Kalli asked smiling brightly.
“Hello Kalli,” He looked up to the sky confused. “And about your question of up--I am not sure why you asking me this? Is there something I am supposed to be looking for other than the sky and clouds?” Kalli giggled, she was still working on universal phrasing. “What? What is so humorous?” It was amazing. He was a second year, same as Masashi, and yet he didn’t know the simplest of phrases. She guessed it could be explained by his apparent lack of social time until she came.
“It’s a saying, in America at least, asking ‘what’s up?’ is like asking ‘what’s going on? How are you?’ or ‘What are you doing?’ it’s a common greeting between friends,” she watched his hard face muse over the saying until he finally nodded showing his understanding. Kalli giggled softly again. “Anyway, I do not have personal bubble issues! I am perfectly comfortable around people,” the guys chuckled, a chorus of beautiful voices. They exchanged looks and all stepped towards her at once. “Ah! No! Ok I have bubble issues, I admit, but I’m working on it!” they all laughed again and squished her in the middle of a group hug anyway. Despite her discomfort it made her happy to see these three guys that tended to hate each other work towards a common goal.
“We have to go pick up our tuxes; do you think you can handle Kalli for a little while?” The twins asked Dragen tauntingly.
“I don’t need to be babysat!” Kalli protested.
“You doubt my skills?” Dragen said ignoring Kalli. “I would think that you would realize by now. I can take anyone on, including you two brats at once,” Dragen continued with a slightly bored look on his face, but his eyes were ablaze. He enjoyed the fight. The twins stepped back fearful of the pleasure he found in tormenting them.
“Oh, please, not again,” Demitri said as Sasha said: “Did you know I find you scarier when you speak in complete sentences?”
Kalli was severely confused but kept quiet. She would figure it out soon enough if it was important, but she knew she didn’t want Dragen turning on her, though she wasn’t sure he ever would. Dragen nodded and the twins left without looking back.
“And then there were two,” Kalli said with a sigh. Dragen shot her a vaguely confused look. “It’s something my dad used to say when a large group dwindled down to two or three.”
Dragen nodded understandingly. “And how is your father? Have you spoken to him since you arrived?” They began walking through the stone courtyard. His posture was polite and relaxed but still better than most. His hands were clasped behind his back and he was looking forward so Kalli could see the exact side-view of his face.
“No, I haven’t, not for about 5 months,” she looked forward. She didn’t want him seeing her tearing up as she always did when she thought of her dad. “He died, about three weeks before I got my acceptance letter. He supported my music. My mother never cared for it, but when they got divorced my mom got primary custody because of my father’s poor health. He died of brain cancer,” She looked at her feet, her stomach still turned when she played music, or heard it, or thought of it. She closed her eyes and sent up a prayer. “At least it wasn’t a huge shock, just hard,” She fought back the tears forming in her eyes.
He nodded. “I understand. I am sorry for your loss. I know what it’s like to lose a parent,” his black eyes remained unchanged despite his confession. Kalli waited for his story but he simply said.  “That is all I will tell you for the time being.”
Kalli didn’t press it, he would come out to her eventually, he just needed time, she could relate to that. For how closed off he was she was surprised he would even tell her that much.
They walked for a while just enjoying the day. Kalli liked that about Dragen, he didn’t make silence awkward; he made it almost comforting which is a rare quality. “Dragen?” Kalli said after a few moments. He looked towards her. “Can you dance?”
He nodded. “Some say rather well, why?”
“Can you teach me? Please? For the formal? I have no idea, even the steps. I don’t want to embarrass myself,” she began walking faster; she didn’t like asking for help. But what Lupe said about having a good dance partner continued to bother her.
“Kalli, of course I will help you,” he gave her a smile. He had never smiled at her before; his teeth were blinding white next to his tan complexion. It lit up his dark eyes. His teeth were perfect, and it seemed so natural that he should be happy; she smiled as he held out his hand for hers. What a change from what everyone had told her about him.
“Here?”
“Why not? No time like the present,” he threw in the phrase as if he was practicing. He nodded to his still outstretched hand, she took it and he slowly swung her around towards himself. He caught her other hand and put it on his own shoulder and placed his on her back, pulling her closer. He led her in circles counting softly. She tried to follow his feet. She caught on pretty quickly. It was simple she realized--it didn’t hurt that Dragen was able to drag her around with ease--his normal black tank-top showed his muscled, built form, and his black pants held up by a belt showed of his long lean legs. He looked good in black-on-black. Kalli was close enough to feel the warmth and softness of his body, he had a calm air about him. She wasn’t sure why the twins had such fear of him. Once she had the steps Dragen began to actually move about the courtyard. She caught on pretty well for her experience level. She re-adjusted herself so he could lead more easily.
He had to admit he liked the feel of her soft hand in his. He felt like a giant next to her. She seemed so breakable but her determined face still amazed him. Like Lupe, she was too independent to be considered fragile. She was looking down so he couldn’t see her gorgeous caramel brown eyes. He could barely see her brows scrunched up in concentration behind her long flowing hair that she kept pulled back even though he knew it would look fantastic down.
“Am I doing it right?” She asked looking at him briefly from her own feet, looking back down immediately after a slight stumble. He nodded and grinned.
“Look at me,” he said, his voice commanding.
“But then I won’t be able to move my feet right,” she pleaded.
“You will do just fine. Look at me,” he repeated. “Your feet will follow,” he said, reassuringly squeezing her hand; she cautiously raised her brown irises to see his black ones. Their feet continued to move in time, slightly shaky but not tripping. “See, you are waltzing,” he said straight faced but raising his eyebrows slightly as if to say. “I told you so.”
“Really?! Oh my gosh, Dragen!” he laughed and they continued dancing. Kalli was smiling wildly up at Dragen; he thought she looked like a little kid discovering the grass was green, or how to do a cartwheel. Dragen’s eyes softened. He enjoyed dancing greatly; he always had. He just never had a partner he liked before. Lupe had taught him his first year and he had been practicing ever since in hope that he would meet someone he truly enjoyed being around. Maybe Kalli was it.
Kalli looked back at her feet. She heard Dragen clear his throat obviously. “Sorry,” she said glancing up and down, her feet were suddenly unsure and managed to find the only slick stone in the courtyard. She felt her feet slip forward and out from under her. Dragen’s eyes widened but he easily caught her just inches before her head hit the ground. He rose is eyebrows slightly asking if she was ok. “Yeah, I’m fine, nice catch,” he grinned, flashing his bright white teeth. 
“I now see what the twins meant,” He said. She smiled bashfully. She hated and loved her klutzy self. It was bad to trip in front of everyone. Pretty embarrassing. But since she got here…it was nice to have an attractive male catch her every time she did. She always knew music brought good things. “Um--Dragen? Can you help me up now?” Kalli asked because she was still being suspended inches from the ground. Dragen lifted her to her feet with ease, but her own weight surprised her and she stumbled forward slightly. Dragen caught her by the hand and stomach. “Thanks,” he blinked and let go of her stomach but held onto her hand.
“Shall we begin again?” He asked his eyes piercing her soul. “This time I will add some turns, so just follow my lead,” he again swung her around to him and they began dancing. Kalli wanted to look at her feet but there was something about Dragen’s face under a cloudy sky that told her she couldn’t move her eyes from his. When he turned her she closed her eyes remembering his face. He had her transfixed. Cinderella syndrome is what her mom had called it. She had been warned it was a bad thing but this seemed right. How it was supposed to be.  
Dragen felt like, although they were surrounded by random people, they were alone in a sparkling ballroom; she was wearing a long turquoise waltzing dress that complemented her skin tone. She was smiling brightly at him. He gave her one final turn. Kalli watched as Dragen’s eyes melt while they were dancing, they stayed liquid blackness while they finished.

“Thank you, Dragen.”
“For what, might I ask?” His face remained forward but his head crooked to the side so he could look out of the corner of his eye at her.
“For taking care of me. Not many people would make sure I got through the day without a dull moment while not pushing me to do things.”
He almost laughed but he did smile. “You are more than welcome. Are you doing alright? I don’t mean to pry, but I fear you are an excellent actress.”
She laughed at the constant gravity of his voice. Like any question he asked would be an obscene intrusion on the world. “You are so careful, dear friend. Why is that?”
“You did not answer my question.” 
“Well, I am fine. And I don’t think I am the actress you would like to think I am.”
“Let’s hope not,” He smiled at her, looking her straight in the eyes--a social nicety she hadn’t gotten used to yet. “Well, here is your class. Good luck and may you succeed in your endeavors.” 
She laughed, “And where are you off to?”
“I’m going to go check on our dear Sasha and Demitri. No one has seen them all day and it’s not like them to skip.”
“That’s kind of you, especially for one whom outwardly dislikes them so.”
He shrugged. “I don’t have class and, don’t tell anyone, Masashi worries about them.” 
Kalli mocked shock. Dragen put a finger to her lips as if to say it would be their little secret then walked away.

Everything was set. Percy nodded at Lupe, who was standing across the hall from the class, as he sharpened his pencil. “Hey, Kalli,” Kalli looked up from the key cover questioningly. “Can I talk to you out here for a second?”
“Lupe, I have class,” she held her palms flat and swirled around, gesturing to the entire room.
“It won’t take long. You won’t be late,” Kalli sighed and met Lupe in the hallway, just out of sight of her piano.
Percy moved quickly, taking the small black velvet bags out of his uniform pocket, as well as the note he had written. Kalli had not yet opened the cover to the keys. He arranged the gift quickly and returned to his piano in just enough time for Kalli to walk in. He wondered what clever excuse Lupe had used for pulling her out of class. Room key maybe.
Kalli moved quietly to her piano but paused when she saw a white note on it. Percy could hear her gasp from across the room. She sat down and the two black bags fell into her lap but she left them there as she read the note he had carefully prepared.

Kalli,
I apologize, it took me a long time to think and even longer to work up the courage to say I am sorry (which I will say in person after class). I had these made for us to remind us of our everlasting friendship. I believe they are quite popular in the U.S. The one with the gold tie on the bag is yours and the other is mine. I will see you after class. I am truly sorry. I really hope you can forgive me.
Your Friend,
Percival Delano
P.S. In case you did not know…Toujours is French for forever or always.

Kalli read the note four times before she opened the black bags, noting the color of the ties so she didn’t mix them up them up. Hers was a circular pendant. In thin black lettering it said, + Percy Friends, each on top of each other. Percy’s was a ring that seemed to fit right around her half and it said, Kalli Toujours, each word on separate ends of the circle. She put his on top of hers to find they fit together perfectly to say, Kalli + Percy Friends Toujours. He had gotten her a friendship necklace. She examined each necklace closer. The detail was amazing. Hers had a thin delicate chain and his had a thicker, longer, more masculine chain. There was no doubt they were beautiful, perfect. She was about to run and hug him but the professor came in making noise, telling everyone class had started. Her hug would have to wait, but she hung both necklaces from her music stand so she could admire them for the next hour while she was still held away from the beautiful person who designed them.
The clock ticked slowly for Percy, the lecture was, again, about sight reading--which he had always had a talent for--so it only made waiting worse. Most of the class he watched Kalli which, again, he had a talent for. He noted every blink of her eye, how her finger ran across the keys when she was bored and longed to play. How she pushed her long hair behind her ear when she had to concentrate on something difficult. He imagined how her eyes ran across the page when she received a piece of music and then she seemed to lose herself in the music when it was finally time to play, barely looking at the sheet. Kalli was beautiful but she didn’t see it in herself which made her even more special. She was the kind of person that everyone truly enjoyed being around because she was beautiful inside and out. She drew people in and unconsciously held onto them. It’s people like Drake who take cruel advantage of people like her, betraying their trusting nature. Thinking of him made his blood boil.
The bell rang in the middle of the lecture. Despite the professor trying to wrap up class everyone left quickly. Kalli, however, ran against the crowd to Percy who was still packing his bag. He looked up and stood slowly. “First of all I would like to say…”
“I’m sorry!” She closed the small gap between them and threw her arms around his neck. “I said such horrible things. I am so sorry!” Percy chuckled and she pulled back. “What’s so funny?”
“You.”
“What about me?” Kalli asked self-consciously.
“I am the one who is at fault and yet you found some twisted way to make yourself in the wrong. I am amazed by that,” Kalli tried to interrupt but Percy cut her off. “I’m not done yet. I have to say what I need to. I am so, so sorry Kalli. I was wrong to act like that. I never want to hurt you and I did. But I promise you now, I will do all in my power to never hurt you again,” Percy had slipped the combined necklaces from her hand and held it up between them. He unclasped them from each other. “This,” He handed her the half. “Is for you. Please take it with a promise. I will always be your friend,” He lowered the chain into her palm and closed her fingers clasping her small fist between his hands. “And I will always be there for you, my friend.”
Kalli stood silently looking at her hand for a while, letting his words soak in through her brain. His hands still incased hers. “Thank you, Percy. Thank you so much.”
“No. Thank you, for being my friend and for forgiving me.”
“There’s no way I couldn’t. I need you more then you know.”
“Ditto,” He did a little crooked smile and picked up Kalli’s bag for her. “Come on. Let us go, friend.”
“Wait,” She said holding out her necklace. “Will you help me put it on?”
Percy dropped the bags and took the silver chain out of her hand. Kalli turned around and pulled her hair away from her slender, sunless neck. Percy took a breath and clasped the necklace around it. “There. Help me with mine?” The same ritual ensued except Percy had to kneel. Kalli was a tad surprised he was wearing it outside his shirt. The chain dipped well below the collar of his shirt. Most guys would be ashamed to wear a necklace like that. Maybe it was just Americans. Or maybe Percy just had enough pride not to be ashamed. Maybe a bit of both.
“So...Where to?” Kalli asked. “We don’t have any classes for the rest of the day...”
“Let’s just walk.” Percy gave her a crooked smile and offered his arm. Kalli took it gleefully.

“I cannot believe you convinced Charles that I should chaperone your stupid dance.” 
“Consider it a meet and greet with music going in the background. Besides, I won the bet. Not my fault you chose stakes you couldn’t live with, Luke.” 
“Well, we both knew that you could eat more jalapenos than I could.”
“I did not. I just knew you can’t handle spicy Italian meats. I used my intuition. And you agreed, idiot,” Thomas chortled. 
“Please? I really don’t want to deal with your students all night.”
“Sorry buddy, deal’s a deal. Come on. I’ll buy you a drink for your trouble.”

***


Chapter eighteen
Affecttuoso

“Oh, I forgot to tell you,” Kalli said. “Dragen’s taught me how to dance!” She was still grinning wildly feeling like she was actually 17: young and happy. She hadn’t felt this way in months.
“By the way, did I offend him in some way? He seems to glare at me every chance he gets,” Percy asked Kalli. His eyebrows made a confused expression over his sky blue irises, a distinct difference from Dragen’s.
“No. I don’t think so. I think he just doesn’t know you that well yet. Once he gets to know you he’ll warm up,” She assured him, but Percy’s face was still confused.
“He seemed to warm up to you pretty fast,” Percy said. Why did he feel like this? Did he really just say that? He must sound like a total jerk.
“Yeah I guess,” Kalli said shrugging. “Maybe I’m just cuter,” she said sarcastically, bumping into him.
“Maybe, maybe not,” Percy said bumping her back harder.
“Hey! Are you saying you don’t think I’m good looking?” she said, acting offended. She missed having conversations like this with Percy.
“Eh, I have seen better,” he said, shrugging and laughing.
“Ah! Jerk!” she said, rolling her eyes. He put his arm around her shoulder.
“You know I think you are drop-dead gorgeous, right?” He looked at her expectantly. She looked at him. Until she got here no one had even ever called her pretty and here was this black haired, blue-eyed, god-like creature calling her gorgeous? He had to be joking.
“Ha-ha. Nice one. Had me going therefore a moment,” she laughed. If only he could possibly mean it, she thought.
“What? You think that was a joke? I assure you, mademoiselle, it wasn’t. You are beautiful,” he said sincerely. He didn’t understand why she thought we was joking when he was more serious than he had been in days and she usually thought he was serious when he was just messing with her head.
“Well, thank you. But I know you don’t mean that. Unless you are completely blind,” she said. The joke was wearing thin. He just didn’t know when to stop sometimes.
“Why do you think I’m joking? I’m not! I think you are the prettiest girl I have ever met!” he half shouted, frustrated. She was so aggravating sometimes.
“Because I know I’m not pretty! I’m average! So just stop, please!” she shouted back. The comment was like a slap to the face for him.
“Is that what you really think?” he asked quietly. “If so, then you are dead wrong.”
“It’s what I know. And no, I’m right,” she said, defiant as usual.
“Goodness! Look at where you are, Kalli! Do you really think anyone ‘average’ gets where you are? This school is the best of the best! And, as a bonus, you are part of Data Venia! Do you know what that is? Well I looked into it! It is an elite group of students--no more than ten at a time--two from each year; you have to get in freshman year or its game over. The older members choose two first years each year. Some years they only choose one. Others they don’t choose at all. Only the truly excellent get in. Lupe was the only one for her year. there were none the year before her, which is why we don’t have any 5th years in Data Venia. The twins came in the year after Lupe. Masashi and Dragen came last year, and this year it was us! And to get in you don’t only have to have talent. You have to look good enough to attract the public’s attention!” He sighed and lowered his voice. “You know what? Screw this. I’ll be in my dorm, but don’t come to talk to me until you decide you are worth something,” he turned and began walking towards the guys’ dorms.
“Percy!” Kalli shouted but he just waved once without turning around. Kalli watched as he left her standing alone in the courtyard. She felt her face and eyes warm. Liquid flowed from her eyes and down her hot cheeks. She hadn’t felt this alone since her dad died. Her heart was gaping. Why was she so stubborn? She cursed herself. Why was she so stupid? Why can’t she just take a compliment regardless of whether or not she agrees? She was so frustrated with herself. There was a bench a couple of steps away but she sat on the ground instead. She curled in on herself and allowed herself to cry.

Why had he left her like that? He didn’t want to leave her. So why did he? He should go back. No. he couldn’t. She needed to learn her own worth. He would just be giving into her. She wouldn’t learn that way. But what if she needed him? Was it his place to do this to her? Questions swirled around Percy’s head, but they all boiled down to one question: Why did he still care so much? “Ah! I’m so stupid!” he screamed to no one in particular.
“People will think you’re crazy if you keep talking to yourself like that,” he turned to see Masashi standing and reading a book under a nearby tree. “How did you screw yourself over this time?” he joined Percy on his sad walk.
“I told Kalli she was gorgeous and she got really mad. Basically.” He shoved his fisted into his pockets. Masashi started laughing hysterically. “It’s not funny man! I mean she was P.O.’d, and I yelled and walked off without looking back. I couldn’t help it. She said she was average.”
“Well she is far more than average.”
“I know! That’s my point, but she won’t believe me!”
“Girls are tough,” Masashi said shrugging. “Try to compliment them and they bite your head off. Don’t compliment them and they think you aren’t paying attention to them,” they both sighed and walked into the dorm.

“Lupe, can you help me please? I’m hopeless,” Kalli was standing in front of the mirror holding her long hair up in her fists against her head. She had been trying to get it right for hours with no success.
“Hold your ponies! I’m coming. Don’t forget I have to get ready too,” she said running mousse through her own short hair.
“Fine. And for future reference: the phrase is ‘hold your horses,’” she said giggling, but her smile disappeared as she looked towards the mirror.
“Duly noted,” Lupe said coming up behind her and peeking around at the mirror. “Do you trust me?” she asked. She ran Kalli’s long straight hair through her small hands but capable hands.
“Sure, why?”
“Can I have full rights to do your hair however I like for tonight? I promise it won’t look bad, but I have this really pretty idea and it would work perfectly with your hair,” she said smiling just imagining it.
“Sure, why not? I’m in a gambling mood today,” she sat down in the chair Lupe pulled up.
“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked knowingly as she brushed gently out Kalli’s long caramel brown hair.
“What, my hair? What is there to talk about? I know I have a lot of split-ends…”
“Masashi is Percy’s roommate. I know you two had a fight. I should have figured it out sooner, the way you have been acting as of late,” she said plugging the hot curler into the wall.
Kalli froze. Was she that easy to read? “What do you mean ‘the way I’ve been acting as of late’?”
“Ever since yesterday you have been sullen and disconnected. I figured something had happened but I didn’t press it. What did he do this time?” Kalli loved how Lupe just assumed it was his fault. Such a girl thing to do.
Kalli sighed, not even bothering to laugh at Lupe’s ill attempt at humor. “It’s shallow and my fault. You really don’t want to know,” Lupe gave her a look in the mirror. It was the same look a parent gives to a child when they know the kid really wants to talk about it but is refusing to admit it. “Fine. He called me gorgeous,” Lupe laughed. “I know, I know. But, I don’t know. I guess I don’t see myself as being even close to pretty. He then went on to tell me how special I am and the meaning of being in Data Venia and--I just don’t see myself that way and that made him mad and made me feel really awkward and defensive and then he stormed off saying he wasn't going to talk to me until I 'realize my worth',” Kalli ran on, letting the words spill out.
Lupe paused, choosing her words carefully. “I know how you feel. I had that problem when I was chosen. Jake was my Percy. He told me how special I was. I truly didn’t believe him for a very long time, but for some reason he kept at it. And, well here I am. He was so stubborn, an American from Kansas, very headstrong. So am I, but he won. He beat me at my own game,” She smiled slightly to remember the way things used to be. “Let Percy do that for you,” she ran the brush under her hear trying to make it curl under.
“I don’t know. I feel so lost, like I don’t have the floor under my feet and there’s no one to catch me,” She felt like she jumped out of a plane without a parachute, spiraling towards the ground with no hope of survival.
“Data Venia isn’t just an organization. We’re a family and we protect our own. We are all behind you ready to catch you if you stumble. We got your back,” she said slapping her lightly on the shoulder and smiling at her in the mirror.
“Thanks, Lupe. I should probably talk to Percy then, I guess,” Kalli said with a sigh.
“Yup-p,” she said popping the ‘p’, “and I would I would hurry because Masashi texted me about ten minutes ago saying Percy was driving him insane. Apparently he wouldn’t stop pacing all night,” Lupe dropped Kalli’s hair. “I can do your hair when you get back, just hurry,”
“But I’m still not sure if I’m more than average. He said not to come back until I ‘figured out my worth’ whatever that means,” Kalli slumped in the chair.
“I’m not sure he would care at this point.”
“Are you sure? He was really mad yesterday... maybe I should wait until you finish my hair...”
“Go!” Lupe commanded dumping her out of the chair and kicking her shoe lightly. “Now!” she was amazingly strong for her size. She picked Kalli up by her collar and dragged her to the door. She threw her out and Kalli heard the lock click.
“Hey! Let me in! My key is in there!” Kalli screamed banging on the door.
“I know!  You aren’t getting back in here until you talk to Percy!” Lupe’s voice yelled tauntingly from inside the door.
Kalli stomped her foot, pretending the ground was Lupe's face and slowly made her way to the elevator. Despite her attempts to keep her head up her eyes fixated on the patterns in the carpet, it was hard to ignore the churning of her nervous stomach.
The hair on her neck stood on end by the time she got to his door. She knocked three times, quieter than she normally does in hopes he wouldn’t hear and she could go home without having to talk to him at all. She had just finished the third knock when a ruffled Percy opened the door. His normally flawless black hair was standing on end and his normally bright blue eyes were red with lack of sleep. She tried to talk but before she could open her mouth his arms were around her so tightly she could barely breathe. “I am so sorry, so sorry,” he hugged her even closer. Somehow her brain responded and she hugged him back, burying her head into his broad chest. “Can you ever forgive me Kalli?” he looked down at her, his eager eyes pleading. She wondered to herself how anyone could no forgive that face.
“You didn’t do anything wrong, there’s nothing to forgive,” she said looking up at him. Tears of happiness were in her brown eyes. She was glad that he wasn't making this more difficult on her.
“Why do you cry darling?” he wiped the wetness from her cheeks. “You will ruin your chances of having perfect makeup tonight,” he said his voice mimicking Lupe’s voice. He even added the wrist flip for good measure. “And Lupe will be quite displeased with the both of us,” his voice returned to normal. “The last thing we need is that little monster attacking us.”
“How are you so perfect at this?” she asked and wiped her eyes once again and smiling.
“At what? Being awesome?” he laughed at himself. Kalli laughed as well. He had a way of deflating high tension moments with his words.
“At making me happy when I’m upset. ‘Being awesome’ would be a good way to describe it, I suppose, if that’s the word you want to use.”
“It is the word I would like to use,” He smiled a flawless smile at her.
“Fine,” she said. “How are you so perfect at being awesome?”
He shrugged. “Just comes naturally I guess,” he smiled at her. He was so cocky and humble at the same time. “Now I have to get ready for the formal and so do you. We can talk some more tonight; I have dibs on at least one dance.”
“Well I cannot deny the international rules of dibs,” She turned to leave but then remembered. “You have to walk me back to my dorm or Lupe won’t let me back in.”
“Do I even want to know why?” Kalli shook her head. “Okay then, shall we?” he held out his arm and she took it. She felt like she was Dorothy walking down the yellow brick road with the scarecrow. They had the same bounce in their step. “I can’t wait to see you in your dress,” Percy breathed almost to himself.
“Really? Why so excited?” she said tensing slightly. He was going to tell her she was pretty again and the entire fight would be re-ignited. She cursed herself for not being able to keep her mouth shut.
He shrugged. “A guy can’t have his own reasons?” he grinned implying the unsaid.
“He can, but a girl might interpret his reasons wrong,” she grinned as he tensed sarcastically.
“Perhaps the girl who thought she interpreted his thoughts wrong actually interpreted correctly.” Kalli had a sickly feeling he wasn’t talking hypothetically any more.
“Then wouldn’t it be easier for both of them for the guy just to tell her in the first place?”
“Yes it would be. But part of having a secret is keeping it. To tell her would indeed save time and make things easier, but perhaps it’s a secret best kept.”
“Your argument seems terribly circumstantial. Any particular reason for that? Hiding something perhaps?” she said trying to pull back the many layers of Percy, with no success. The moment she met him he seemed shallow and uncaring, but the more she got to know him the more mysterious he seemed.
“Maybe, but who would want to know my secrets?” he said smiling but his eyes were guarded.
“I would. I find you intriguing. I want to know more about you,” her eyes stayed forward towards the elevator door but she could feel the ice of his eyes down her back. He sighed and stopped the elevator. “What are you doing?” she asked, feeling slightly claustrophobic.
“I’m making you a deal. Or rather, reinitiating an old one.”
“You have my undivided attention.”
“You want to know more about my life and I want to learn more about you.”
“Right.”
“So I propose, for every one thing you tell me about yourself, I will tell you an equally important part of my life, sounds reasonable?” Kalli deliberated, weighing all options quickly before nodding and shaking his outstretched hand. “It’s a deal then?”
“Yes. But you have to share first some of the time. I mean I can’t always be the one starting the conversation, ok?” he nodded and re-started the elevator. She had to quietly wonder about how long the deal would last this time.
The walked in silence down the narrow hallway until they came to the door. Percy banged his flat hand against the wood. They listened and heard Lupe’s voice from inside. “Unless you are an inhumanly tall male with dark hair and your name starts with ‘P’ or ‘M’ and ends with either an ‘ercy’ or ‘ashasi’, you can’t come in!”
“Everyone is amazingly tall to you Lupe. Open this door before I break it down!” Percy said his voice semi-menacing, but his wink at Kalli calmed her. She laughed at Lupe’s rushed answer to the door.
She heard Lupe getting up and running to the door. “Percy! Kalli? Did you two make up? If not I’m slamming this door in both of your faces!”
“I don’t know... Percy, did we make-up or make-out?”
“Definitely make-out, but I don’t know about making-up. Wait,” he paused for dramatic effect. “Scratch that, switch it.”
Both girls laughed and Kalli stepped into the dorm. “Come on in Percy,” he took a step but Lupe stopped him. “Lupe! What are you doing?”
“I have to get you ready, for which he has to leave,” she turned to Percy. “So for the time being, this is a ‘girl-only-zone’ go get ready with Masashi,” she pushed him out of the room. He tried to say goodbye to Kalli but the power Lupe had behind her was surprising for her size.
“Sorry Percy!” Kalli shouted as Lupe shut the door.
“Sit,” The word was a command. Kalli sat roughly in the chair by the mirror. Lupe began working on her hair. It took a while but eventually Lupe let Kalli see herself. Her hair was pinned back and curls were flowing out of the back of her head.
“Wow. Lupe, it’s gorgeous.”
“It’s your hair,” she said with a smile. “Now get into your dress, then I will do your make up.”
“Make up?”
“Yes, make up. The stuff some girls put on their face ‘cause it makes them feel pretty.”
“Do I have to?” Kalli said now with her dress on. Lupe was helping her with the zipper.
“I’m afraid so darling.”
“Dang.”

***


Chapter nineteen
Accent 

“Is my bow-tie straight? Masashi? Hello?”
“It looks fine, Percy. Masashi is busy wondering about Lupe, isn’t it obvious on his face?” The twins said. Sasha straightened Percy’s bow tie and Demitri slapped him hard on the shoulder. Dragen went and spoke with Masashi for a moment--their conversation was more of facial expressions and body language than words--it was no wonder they got along so well. They all stood in silence for several minutes. Bored, Percy went to sit on is bed next to the twins.
“Do you think we should have been less demanding Sasha? Perhaps she felt threatened,” Percy sat on the other side of Sasha and listened in.
“No. I don’t think that was it. Perhaps she is immune to the ‘we’re twins so all the girls fall for us’ rays we’ve been sending. Or perhaps she is going with someone else and wanted to let us down easy?”
“While that sounds like her, she would have told us. Maybe she was keeping herself open for someone else and didn’t want to close her choices. Dragen taught her how to dance, perhaps she wanted to go with him and he never asked.”
“Or he asked and she never answered, or said no. Maybe that’s why he’s so out of it today.”
“What if they were interrupted before he could even ask? What are your thoughts Percy?” Percy wasn’t even sure what they were talking about, much less what he thought of it all.
“Who?” He asked dumbly.
“Kalli! Of course!” They both bellowed, but then hushed their voices.
“Oh. Wait. I’m confused. What happened again? Sorry,” the twins groaned.
“In short, we asked Kalli to the dance but she turned us down saying ‘she wasn’t ready’. We were wondering what that meant. Did she want to go with someone else and want to let us down easy? Or did she already have a date?” Percy winced; they had the courage to ask her out, while he just pissed her off when he had an opportunity. Never before had he felt like such an idiot.
“I think it means she wasn’t ready. I am almost positive she doesn’t have a date because she promised me a dance. I imagine she did the same for the two of you. Correct?” they nodded. “think about it, her father just died, she ran away from home--from everything she knows--to be here. She is in a foreign country where school is brand new, her dad just died, she got attacked in town; she got broken up with by her boyfriend back home, probably cheated on, then he came back. And on top of all this, she is getting swept up by a bunch of European guys. I think she is slightly shaken. So, I don’t think she is ready to be accepting any offers, not after everything she’s been through,” Percy spoke softly, until he said it aloud he hadn’t realized just how much she had gone through. It’s no wonder why she was so on edge about herself. Her entire world was being torn apart around her and the only constant thing in her life is disaster.
“Ah. We see. That does make sense. It’s not that she doesn’t like us. It’s just she can barely handle herself at the moment, much less us. So she wants to wait until she can have a meaningful relationship,” the twins seemed more determined than ever.
“Wait. That’s not really what I...”
“Percy old pal thanks. We owe you a lot.”
“But I...oh forget it,” Percy gave up as they fixed their hair in the full length mirror admiring themselves.

Lupe opened the dorm door to see Masashi, long hair slicked back and standing straight in a black tux. He opened his mouth to complement her appearance but she interrupted him. “You have to see Kalli!” She dragged him by the arm and around the corner to see Kalli checking her shoes, “Tada! I must say I have out-done myself,” Lupe was dancing with happiness.
“Can you not make such a huge deal out of this? Please? I’m embarrassed enough!”
“You shouldn’t be. You look wonderful,” Masashi spoke up. “And I know of at least four guys who will be very pleased with your work, my dear,” he said, taking Lupe’s hand.
“Who?!” Kalli screamed, careful not to mess up her pristine hair.
“She’s helpless,” Lupe sighed. “She has no idea.”
“It’s alright. I’m not so sure they do either,” Masashi said staying calm as usual. Kalli sighed and grabbed her handbag.
“Since you two are talking about me like I’m not here, I might as well not be,” she left down the hall wobbling slightly in her heels.
“Shall we?” Masashi asked Lupe and offered his arm. She smiled and took it. They followed Kalli down the hallway but they kept their distance.
“Do you think we should catch up with Kalli?”
“She’ll be fine,” Masashi winked at her.
“I know that look.”
“What look?” he said acting completely innocent. If Lupe didn’t know him better she would have fallen for the act.
“The ‘I’m-a-stereotypical-evil-Japanese-mastermind-and-I-just-used-my-superior-intelligence-to-do-something-manipulative-that-will-cause-massive-unnecessary-drama’ look.”
“I have no idea what in the world you are talking about,” Masashi said keeping a straight face but she saw that little spark in his eye that told her she was right.
“Masashi...”
“Fine. Guilty as charged.”
“What did you do?” She stopped and faced him.
“All I did is that I suggested to Dragen that Kalli needs someone to walk her in.”
“You didn’t! Kalli won’t accept it!” her hands flew to her face.
“I believe she will. Dragen can be very convincing.”
“You are a horrible person,” Lupe said plainly. “I still love you, but I disagree with your tactics.”
Masashi smiled slightly as they turned their attentions to the unsuspecting Kalli.

“So, Percy. Are you going to pick up Kalli?” The twins asked. Percy felt like he had been though an entire interrogation.
“I wasn’t planning on it. Why? It’s not like I asked her.” Percy sighed.
“Why don’t you?”
“What?!” Percy turned to them, shocked. They just shrugged innocently
“Ask Kalli to go to the dance with you. You sure are deaf today.”
“Why…?” Percy was suspicious. He didn't know the twins very well but he knew enough about them to know they never did anything without an alternative motive.
“Because it would be entertaining. Besides, do you really want her to have to walk in alone, do you? Some friend you are,” The thought of Kalli walking around alone at night all dressed up did worry him.
“If you two are so concerned, why don’t you go escort her?”
“Are you saying you don’t want Kalli to be comfortable? You want her to walk down the staircase alone and insecure because everyone is staring at her, because she is alone…”
“Of course not!” Percy nearly screamed. “But since my plan to ask her to the dance kind of backfired…” He admitted shamefully.
“You were going to ask her? Man, what happened?!”
“Well, she got angry because I called her gorgeous.”
The twins looked confused. “Shouldn’t that make her happy? Did you say it with the sarcasm?”
Percy laughed at their English blunder. “It should make her happy. And, no, I didn’t use ‘the sarcasm.’ I was completely serious. She told me I was lying,” he shrugged wishing desperately to drop the subject.
“Hmm, puzzling. Well, you should go ask her why she was so upset. While you’re there ask to escort her as a peace treaty of sorts.”
“That is the dumbest idea I’ve ever heard! Why don’t you two just leave me alone about Kalli? Alright?”
The twins raised their hands in surrender to a fuming Percy. “Very well, we’ll go escort her. You walk in alone,” the twins left the room, waving as they left. Despite their seemingly diamond outer core, Percy had found a weakness. They always seemed to annoy people when they didn’t mean to. It was just one of the few things they disliked about themselves. He made a mental note to use for later.
Percy was left standing alone in the middle of his and Masashi’s room. “Idiot!” he cursed himself. “What’s the big deal? Why shouldn’t I escort her? It’s just a walk down the stairs. What am I so afraid of?” he grabbed his jacket and walked out of the room. He had made his decision. Whatever his fear, he had to face it…head on.

 “Dr…Dragen? What’s wrong? You look a tad pale,” to be quite honest his normally dark skin was as white as copied sheet music. He opened his mouth to answer but he closed it immediately and looked down allowing his chin length black hair to fall into his eyes. She stepped towards him. “Dragen, you’re scaring me. Talk to me,” he looked into her eyes. She was right. He could see the obvious fear in her irises. She urged him on with those chocolate eyes of hers.
“Kalli, I…I…I was just wondering if maybe you…”
“Kalli! Dragen! Hey guys what’s up?” The twins interrupted with perfect timing, as usual.
“Hey. I was just talking to Dragen…” Kalli tried to wave them off.
“Cool, so you don’t mind if we ask you something?”
“That’s not exactly what I meant--I guess if you make it fast--I really would like to get back to our conversation,” she said gesturing to herself and Dragen.
“Of course,” they said gesturing to Dragen, like they were saying hello without actually looking at him. “We were wondering if you would do us the honor of allowing us to…”
“Kalli!” two voices interrupted at once. Kalli had not seen Percy come up behind Dragen. They all turned to see him. Apparently she was not the only one who had overlooked his presence.
Percy was surprised that Dragen spoke with him to interrupt the twins. His silent and calm face was twisted with urgency. “I wish to speak with you. Please, it is a matter of great importance to me,” Percy said quickly, hyperventilating slightly.
“Gee, I’m popular tonight. What gives?” Kalli was very concerned; they all looked like they would burst in ten seconds if the words didn’t escape their shaking bodies. “What’s wrong with all of you?”

 “Well that plan backfired…” Masashi and Lupe were watching the scene from afar.
“What did you expect would happen? Genius,” Lupe rolled her eyes. She didn’t like the look of this. Kalli was cornered by four guys, all of which wanted something from her. Not a good situation for anyone to be in. And Kalli had been through enough.
“Well, one I didn’t expect the twins to show up at all, and I expected either Percy or Dragen would chicken, so only one would attempt to escort her. That was the plan. But now everything is all screwy.”
“And now we have four guys silently fighting for one girl. How do you think this is going to turn out?” Lupe was displeased. She felt sorry for Kalli. She hated attention as it was. With these four--it was like a bright yellow spotlight on her. Everyone would notice. “See, Masashi, why did you have to meddle? What was the point?”
“Interesting. I imagine. I wonder who will win,” Masashi was caught up in his own little world.
“I know one thing: Kalli will lose.”

 “What the heck is going on? Can someone talk to me? Please?”
“Boys, are we all here for the same reason?” Demitri asked addressing the entire group.
“I do believe so,” Percy said quietly, glancing around the circle quickly.
“Then shall we clue her in? Shall I?”
“Go ahead Sasha,” Demitri said
“We all, apparently, came to ask you if you would allow us to escort you to the formal.”
“It’s a little late for that. Besides, I’ve already turned you two down,” she gestured to the twins. “And you both had opportunities to ask me before this point and you didn’t. Which I guess it doesn’t matter anyway, because I’m not ready. I told the twins that! So all of you need to go away! Please take a couple of steps back, all of you.”
“Kalli…I…”
“Percy, stop! You know me better than anyone else here! You shouldn’t even be here. You already know my answer! I’m not ready,” Kalli turned. “And Dragen, I’m sorry, but I’m not ready,” she left for the hall that the dance was being held in, taking in deep breaths to counter the slight claustrophobia.

***


Chapter twenty
Waltz

“Miss?” Kalli looked up to see a sheepish looking boy. She almost laughed out loud. It was Tyler. He dressed up nice.
“Hey, didn’t expect to see you here. It doesn’t really seem like your scene.”
“It’s not. But may I have this dance?” He gave her a half smile.
Kalli thought. “I suppose, but fair warning, I am not very good. I just learned a few days ago,” he smiled and his teeth lit up his fair face. His green eyes were electric against his dark brown hair. He held out his hand and they began dancing. “It’s nice that there is someone here I can talk to.”
 “Same here. I’ve been feeling a little lost. A little out of place, you know?”
“Yeah, I definitely know the feeling,” he smiled at her. He was short compared to the guys in Data Venia, about 5’11” she would guess. Just thinking about them made Kalli mad though. She was glad for someone she could look into the eyes of without straining her neck and she had never stood close enough to him to have the chance to notice any kind of height difference.
“So,” she said trying to get her mind off the twins, Dragen, and Percy. “What part of the US are you from? I never did ask,” Kalli thought as long as they were trying to get to know each other again she might as well get some new information.
“Wisconsin, you?”
“Cali. L.A.,” she blushed. When people thought of L.A. they thought drugs, alcohol, and sex, but not everyone was like that, certainly not her and not her neighborhood. It's a big city.
“Oh cool. Are you B.F.F.’s with any celebrities?” His laugh was pleasant; low but more warm and comforting than most. It reminded her a little of Percy's.
“Oh. No. No, I’m just a normal college student going to an elite music school in England,” she shrugged and giggled. There was nothing normal about her now that she thought about it.
“Yeah, I wish. As if any of us here are normal. We are all freaks in this hall.”
“I’m not sure ‘freak’ would be the word I would use,” Kalli was slightly offended by his remarks.
“Then what word would you use? If not freak?” He challenged. She started to see his normal attitude. The ‘nothing can touch me’ mentality.
Kalli thought. “Special, or gifted, I suppose would be better,” her father had always told her that she was gifted and that she should share her gift with the world. That’s why he had her apply. That’s what her mother didn’t understand.
“I guess,” he shrugged. “In my hometown I was an outsider because of my so-called gift.” He was bitter and he wore his heart on his sleeve.
“Then why are you here, if you don’t love music? It seems like a lot of work for not being happy.”
“I didn’t have many other places left to go. My dad, he wanted me out of the house. He said I had ‘disgraced the family name with my fiddle,’ so I applied to a few different music academies. I was accepted here, so here I am,” his eyes got swimmy. It was obvious he didn’t like talking about home. “What about you? What’s your story? How does a California girl fall in love with music and end up halfway around the world?”
“I always had a gift for music; it always made sense to me. My,” She started to stutter. “My dad supported me, but he died shortly before I got my acceptance letter.”
“Oh, I’m sorry…”
“Why do people say that?” She snapped. “‘I’m sorry’. It’s like they think his death was their fault. It wasn’t. I don’t want to hear that their sorry for my loss. I just want people to understand what I’m going through and leave me alone!” she realized she was closed to shouting and people were staring at her. “ex…excuse me,” she left Tyler in the middle of the dance floor. She had officially cracked. She ran into the bathroom the tears streaming down her face.
Lupe saw Kalli across the floor from where she was dancing with Masashi. “I’ll be back,” she ran off the floor, knowing where she would be. She walked into the white walled, gold trimmed bathroom. She couldn’t hear anything but she could feel the over-whelming sad aura of the room. It made her want to cry. “Kalli, Kalli honey? What happened?” no answer but she heard a whimper from an unlocked stall; she looked in to see Kalli kneeling to face the door. Her eyes were red and puffy and all her mascara and eyeliner was running wild down her cheeks. Lupe was many things, but she was not good with tears. “I don’t know what to do…I’m no good at this, I’ll go get Percy…”
“No,” she croaked. “No one. Alone. Need alone,” her face was mostly hidden by her hair that had long since been torn at and was now mostly undone.
“Ok,” Lupe left hesitantly; she went back to dancing with Masashi.
“What happened to Kalli?” he asked calmly yet concerned in his own way.
“Not sure. She said she wanted to be alone. She looked horrid, no offense to her. It's understandable. She’s been through a lot lately; I’m surprised it took this long.”
“Yeah I guess that’s true,” he looked around. The twins were dancing with each other;  Dragen was sitting in a darker corner observing; Percy was looking around the dance floor with concern. he got up and approached them.
“Where’s Kalli, Lupe?” Percy asked.
“She wants to be alone. Leave her be, Percy,” Masashi said finalizing the conversation. He should have known that wouldn't work here. Percy was persistent.
“Where is she?!” His long thin hands were balled into fists. “Lupe: Tell. Me. Where. She. Is.” He articulated each word, making it a sentence.
“Girls bathroom. Leave her alone Percy. I warn you: she could blow up on you.”
“I don’t care; it wouldn’t be the first time. She needs me. I’m going to be there for her like I promised,” he ran off before they could say another word.

Percy ran--for the first time in his life--straight into the girl’s bathroom. He heard sniffling from the last stall. It was unlocked. He pushed it open to see Kalli on her knees. She didn’t even glance up but she knew it was him. “What are you doing here, Percy?” Her voice was much weaker than she wanted it to be.
“I was concerned. Concerned for you.”
“Well you shouldn’t be. I’m fine.”
“Ok,” he nodded, understanding. “Now, stop lying to me and tell me what happened.”
“Nothing, I’m…I’m just…having a rough night,” he knelt in front of her and lifted her chin.
“This: does not look like nothing to me and it looks a lot worse than a rough night,” he caught her eyes. They were red and vulnerable.
“Percy,” she fell into his chest and hugged him. “Thank you, you’re always there for me,” he hugged her closer.
“You just cry as long as you need. I’m not sure what caused this but if you want I'll beat them up for you,” Kalli laughed.
“There's no one thing. It's been a bad semester,” He nodded and let her calm herself down. “Okay, I’m good,” She said after a couple of minutes. “I can break down later. There’s a party to be a part of.”
“Are you ready to go back to the party? You still owe me a dance. Dibs, remember?” she smiled.
“I don’t think I look appropriate,” She said, thinking twice. “My hair is a mess and I’m sure my makeup is everywhere,” she wiped under her eyes to find her fingers turned out black. “See?”
“I see very well--20-20 vision--and I see before me a beauty beyond compare no matter what her physical appearance be. I see you,” she smiled. He technically didn’t call her beautiful.
“Okay, give me five minutes to freshen up,” she stood and straightened her dress.
“Very well. I should probably get out of the girls bathroom. It’s not socially acceptable for me to be here,” he took her hand and kissed it. “Je t’aime,” he spoke in soft French.
“What does that mean?” She was still clueless. He shrugged and left with a cocky smile on his face.

“Would the upperclassmen members of Data Venia come down to the stage please for the performance,” a voice came out over the intercom. Kalli watched as the twins, Lupe, Masashi, and Dragen walked towards the front of the hall. Kalli looked at Percy and caught Sasha by the arm.
“What’s going on?”
“Data Venia is performing,” Sasha said.
“Why?”
“It’s what we do, you will see,” he winked. Odd, Kalli thought.
All dancing stopped as Masashi took the microphone. “Hey guys! Welcome to the Music College in the University of the Arts in Cambridge! Weather you were here last year or you are a freshman, it is so exciting to be back isn’t it?” The crowd screamed. For someone who didn’t like people, Masashi knew how to charm the crowd. “So up here we have a select group of yours and mine classmates. We are part of Data Venia, an organization here on campus. We have elected two new members this year, but I’ll get to that in a moment. First we would like to welcome you by performing a song we all wrote for you today,” he bowed as everyone took their places on the stage: Dragen on drums, the twins both took electric guitars, Lupe on keyboard and harmony, and to Kalli’s surprise, Masashi took lead vocals.
“I didn’t know Masashi was a singer,” she said under her breath to Percy who was standing  comfortably close.
“He’s amazing. Just wait until you hear him,” Kalli turned her attention to the stage. She saw the silent conversation between the five musicians. With no starting beat they all began to play. Masashi came in a few bars later with the greatest rock vocals Kalli had ever heard; his voice was pure and clear. Her body was taken over by the beat. The twins were doing an awesome guitar duet underneath the complex keyboard chords. Lupe jumped in on harmony vocals, turning it into a love duet. Kalli looked around: a couple of guys were having a dance off and some others were just rocking out. Kalli had never seen anything like it. She looked over to Percy; he was being taken by the music too.
“This is amazing,” she said, slightly out of breath.
“This is what it’s all about, this is why I love music,” he bowed. “May I have this dance?”
“I’m not sure this is a dancing song…unless it’s hip-hop.”
“It has a salsa beat,” he held out his thin fingers for hers. She nodded and he lead a fast paced salsa, making her look like a professional even though she didn’t even know the steps. She felt like a princess in his hands. She liked the feel of his hand on her back and his silver-blue eyes gazing into hers.
The song ended and Masashi spoke. “Would Percy Delano and Kalli Hardford please make their way to the stage to be inducted into Data Venia?”
“What? We have to go on stage?” Percy and Kalli exclaimed together. They sighed but Percy smiled. He dropped his hand that was on her back, but held onto her head that held his. He led her to the stage feeling the warmth of her hand in his. He helped her up and she didn’t flinch away when he stood close. She didn’t enjoy being on a stage in front of hundreds of people, but she felt better having something solid like Percy near to catch her if she fell. Her heart was pounding.
There was a short ‘ceremony’ inducting the two new members. Lupe as the eldest member swore them in. They had to swear they would do their best to bring excellence to the music community. Everyone clapped then the music began again and the dancing continued. The twins swept Kalli off the stage. She felt like a doll as they switched off dancing with her. Dragen easily interjected, sweeping her across the floor.
Finally when everyone had had their dance, Percy stepped in. “May I have this dance, mademoiselle?”
“I am so very pleased you asked,” Letting out a sigh of relief she took his familiar arm. “You are the first of my friends to actually ask before sweeping me off my feet.”
He smiled. “Well I am a French gentleman to be sure,” they began dancing. It was a slow song and they stood close. It reminded Kalli of a Taylor Swift song.
“So, before, in the bathroom. You said something in French.”
“Indeed I did,” he smiled but his eyes were guarded. Unnaturally so. He was normally very open.
“What did it mean? Can you translate for me? I know you have said it before.”
He shook his shaggy black head. “I’m afraid I cannot do that miss, for my own sake and yours,” he had meant what he told her. In the bathroom she was so--and he had meant it when he said je t’aime, I love you, the English translation. He had meant it and he still meant it, but to tell her…would be sure to tick her off.
“Why not? Did you call me something bad?”
He smiled and shook his head again.
“I took a year of French last year. I know je means, so I will figure out what t’aime means! And you can count on that,” her face was determined, but his was soft.
He leaned in close and whispered in her ear. “If you can figure it out you deserve to know. Just know this: je t’aime,” the song ended and he bowed to her and left her wondering why he was acting so peculiar.
Percy looked forward to the day she put two and two together.

“Some party, huh Dragen?” The night air was clear; Dragen was walking Kalli ‘home’ to the dorm.
“It was…very eccentric,” Kalli giggled. She could tell that he--like she--hated social gatherings. He was a background person. He had spent the entire dance, (except the one dance he shared with her) sitting alone in the darkest corner of the bright ballroom.
“Ha-ha, I agree with you there. I don’t quite understand why people enjoy getting into large groups and running a-muck,” he smiled one of his rare smiles. She understood him. The last person to understand who he really was, was his father. But Kalli wasn’t his father. She was kind and thoughtful, yet she remained strong. She was the exact opposite of his father who was mean, thoughtless, and weak under pressure. Which had led him to his doom, technically he was still alive because he still had beats running through his stone heart, but to Dragen he was long past dead. He was a rotting corpse in his eyes; his father was gone and was replaced by a heartless man with no feeling towards anyone but himself. He vowed to himself he would never become a man like his father was. He would stop the weakness in the bloodline. “Dragen? Dragen you look like someone’s torturing you, what’s wrong? Did I say something?” He heard Kalli’s concerned words break through his thoughts like an ax through wood.
“My apologies, what?” his head cleared like fog next to a flame.
“You got lost in your thoughts for a moment there. You looked like you were going through immense pain. What’s wrong?” Her pale face was filled with concern and anxiety. He wanted to comfort her and console her but he wasn’t sure how. So he just spoke.
“I am alright. You needn’t worry. I was just thinking of my father and home.”
“The father you lost? You told me once, but you never told me the story,” her words were calm and logical, yet filled with emotion. She had an odd gift like that. It made people listen to her; listen to reason and compassion.
“I know. I am surprised you remember. It was such a small statement,” he remembered everything he had ever told her and everything she had ever told him. Everything was important when it came to her.
“Just because it had few words did not make it a small statement. One thing about you, Dragen, is because you speak so little--when you do--people listen because they know you have something important to say. You don’t make small talk. I like that about you.”
“You really feel that way? Most people find me distant and detached,” he couldn’t count how many people had told him he was unreachable.
“I don’t find you detached. On the contrary, you make me feel like you're actually interested in every word I say. I find you guarded sometimes. You are distant when you are thinking hard on something, but everyone does that. I think people are just uneasy with the fact you don’t talk much. People for the most part make silence awkward and I personally have never minded the quiet. So you are perfect in that way. You don’t feel the need to fill every quiet with needless chatter,” he smiled brightly; his smiles were rare but special in the fact that they were like a full moon on a starless night. His smile warmed Kalli’s heart as they entered the cool dorm building. They rode the elevator in blissful silence. “I suppose this is where we part ways,” Kalli said somewhat sad that the somewhat dreadful night was over.
Dragen nodded and kissed her hand. “Goodnight,” he said and turned to leave.
“Dragen!” he turned and Kalli ran to him and threw her arms around his neck. Dragen froze. This was odd to him, but he hugged her closer. “Goodnight, Dragen,” she whispered in his ear before disappearing into her dorm.
“Goodnight, beautiful,” he said to the empty air in front of him. He walked on his own back to his single dorm. He had lucked out this year and didn’t have a roommate. He lay on top of his covers and day dreamed about her. She was so wonderful. He loved the way her face redden when he kissed her small breakable but strong hand; the way her hair fell around her face when she looked down to smile. His day dreams became his dreams, she had implanted her face into his sub-conscious, and oddly enough, he liked it there.

Percy drew in his sketchbook as he thought about the evenings events. He found drawing to be a good way to get out his thoughts without making it obvious. Kalli was the first person other than his mom who understood what his father had put him through. She really brought out the best, and the worst, in him. He liked that she was easy to talk to; he wanted to open up to her. Her presence was warm and comforting, he felt free around her.
He jumped slightly when he heard the dorm door open. Masashi must be back. When his face was revealed he was grinning wildly which looked abnormal on him, “I’ll take that as mission success and done?”
“I do believe you mean ‘mission accomplished,” Percy was still getting used to the modern English sayings. He had known English for a while but he didn’t use it often until he came to the university.
“Yeah, whatever. Spill dude. What went down?” Percy sat down his pencil. His drawing and imagination could wait. Masashi needed his full attention.
“I just walked Lupe home and kissed her goodnight.”
“That’s it? You’re glowing.”
“Yeah. Kalli was there. I didn’t want to be rude.” Masashi said. Percy relaxed at the name.
“That’s right, they’re roommates.” He looked down at his drawing; he definitely saw the traces of her in it.
“So anyway,” Masashi continued ignoring his odd reaction. “It was nice,” Masashi’s cheeks reddened remembering the feel of her lips. “At least until Kalli interrupted us.”
Percy’s head popped up, “Really? Kalli caught you?” Percy tried to compose himself; he knew he was acting odd.
“Man, you got the sickness bad,” Masashi picked up on Percy’s blushing face.
“What? What do you mean?” Percy continued his drawing trying to hide his reddening pale skin under his black hair.
“You are head over heels for the brown-haired American.”
“Her name is Kalli,” Percy said just a little too defensively.
“Exhibit A.” Masashi said pointedly.
“What?”
“Right there!” Masashi was now right in front of Percy pointing at his face but Percy knocked his hand aside.
“I don’t know what you are trying to get at. But obviously you are mistaken.”
“No, you and I both know exactly what I’m ‘getting at’ and we both know I’m right on target.”
“Whatever. You’re such a girl. Look, it’s late. I’m tired. Not all of us had an adrenaline pumped evening. So can we please postpone this riveting conversation to the morning?”
“Yeah. Sure, avoid the problem rather than face it head on like a man.”
“Yup, that’s me, ‘the cowardly girl’. Goodnight,” Percy clicked off the light but he had to wonder in the back of his head-- was Masashi right? Honestly, he didn’t know.

Percy stared at the white ceiling and allowed his mind to wander. He quickly discovered that he worried far too much for it to be healthy. Because of Data Venia, the expectations were mounting on him. "Uhh! I don't even know anymore!" he shouted even though there was no one around to hear. That was probably a good thing.
He laid there for a while before he decided to draw. His drawings had been more meaningful lately--with underlying themes and motives--most of which have been about three things: Music, home...and Kalli. He couldn't stop thinking about her; he couldn't see to get her out of his mind. Her face, her hair, her scent. Everything was Kalli. He felt hopeless to stop it. Her happiness was fuel for his and her pain was intensified in him. Every nerve ending shot out of his skin when she hugged him or tapped his shoulder. To his great surprise, he came to only one conclusion: he was head over heels for Kalli…again. And there was nothing he could do--or wanted to do--to change that. But he knew it was hopeless. She wasn’t willing to let anyone in; he had fought that since he crashed into her at the airport. There was no changing her nature. She was a wildfire ignited in his body. She would spread quickly and completely. His only hope was the flame would die down. There was only question: what would be left of him when she was done? Nothing. So did he suppress the flame and destroy himself or did he feed the fire and run the risk of getting burned?

“Lupe, wait.”
“Why should I, Masashi? Honestly, tell me. Why? No wait, don’t; I don’t want to listen to your ‘logic’ right now,” She had let him off easy during the dance, but she still felt the need to stick up for Kalli about the guys Masashi stuck on her.
“Lupe I said I was sorry. You know I didn’t mean for it to go the way it did. Lupe you have to believe me,” he grabbed her hand to stop her, but she yanked it away and kept walking quickly.
“Because you’re such a swell guy and couldn’t leave well enough alone? Yeah like I believe that, Masashi. I told you things wouldn’t work…”
“And they didn’t. You were right,” He had fought enough with her to know not to try to prove his side of things.
“Thank you, but it would have been a lot better if you had kept your trap shut and your nose out of it!” she turned to face him, about to tell him how dumb he was, but the look on his face stopped her dead in her tracks. He was looking down and his overgrown hair was covering his face. She could tell those were tears in his eyes. He was slouching; she knew he hated fighting; it brought back memories of his childhood. He had told her once that his cousin, sister, and he were the only survivors of his family. The bomb had killed everyone else. They had only survived because they left the house because everyone was fighting. “I’m sorry honey.”
“No, you’re right. I was being stupid. I should have stayed out of it,” Lupe had no idea what to say. There was nothing else to say. “I’m the one who’s sorry, baby. Forgive me?”
“Do you realize how impossible it is to stay angry with you for any period of time?” he smiled and nodded. “I’ll let you off the hook this time, but please don’t do it again,” her voice was severe and despite the incredible height difference, Masashi was vaguely terrified of this side of Lupe.
“I swear on my mother’s grave that I will not do that again,” he swore solemnly in meaningful Japanese. He had taught Lupe a lot of Japanese last year so she got the concept and nodded. “Hug?” he asked. She hugged him quickly. He made her feel whole again. He was a strong stationary pole in her crazy world. Always the same, reliable, strong Masashi.

“Well congratulations, Thomas. That was absolutely nauseating.” Luke Stephens said once they were off campus. A drink was in order. Luke had paid his debt after losing a bet by chaperoning the dance. 
“Isn’t talent just awful?” 
“It is. Especially when displayed in such a distasteful manner. Honestly, the university isn’t a club.” He had watched the Data Venia performance with disgust.
“They were just having some fun. It’s tradition.”
“Well it’s a stupid tradition.”
“You’re just going to nay-say anything to do with that group until they are choked of all their passion, aren’t you?”
“I don’t mean to nay-say…”
“Well it’s exactly what you’re doing and quite frankly it’s obnoxious. Luke, you are my best friend, but my kids are the world to me and you either support that or stay on your side of the school. Here,” He handed him a wad of bills. “Have a couple on me.” Thomas left him alone in the street. 

***


Chapter twenty-one
Impromptu

Kalli went to visit the twins after class on Tuesday. They seemed to be in high spirits. 
“There is a wonderful thing that is going to happen, Kalli. A wonderful thing,” Demitri was dancing around the dorm room and his brother followed him with his eyes, a slight grin playing on his face. 
“Do I want to know?” Kalli asked Sasha. 
“It’s a tad demented that he is so ecstatic. Take it down a notch will you?” Sasha shook his head. “We just got word that a family friend passed away suddenly and so Demitri is dancing because we get to go home. You are a sick man, Demitri Papov!” 
Kalli released a nervous laugh. “I’m glad for his happiness. I’m sorry for your loss. When are you leaving? When are you coming back?” Kalli tried desperately to keep a straight face at Demitri’s behavior now. 
“We aren’t sure yet. We still have to talk to Lupe and the head office to get ourselves excused, but as soon as possible I imagine.”
“Can I come too? You might need some support.” Kalli tilted her head slightly to the side.
“No,” three voices answered at once. They all turned to see Dragen standing in the doorway. “We wouldn’t want you to miss too much school in your first year,” Sasha clarified. Kalli frowned. “We’ll take you some other time, okay?”
“Alright,” Kalli stayed a while longer before saying her goodbyes for the afternoon and left. Leaving the boys to talk. She wondered absently why Dragen was at the twins’ dorm.

Kalli walked slowly back to her dorm. She looked behind her. Did Dragen not leave after her? “Bet he’s still plotting with Sasha and Demitri. Romanian traitor,” she muttered.
“What about my father?” A deep voice came from behind her.
“Woah! How’d you do that??”
“Pardon?” Dragen was absentmindedly fixing his jacket.
“I just looked behind me! You weren’t there!”
“Of course I was.”
“No you weren’t! I wouldn’t miss someone like you Dragen! It’s bright outside and you are tall, dark, and scary!” Dragen didn’t reply. “Whatever. I’m sorry. Wait...when you came up behind me you asked me why I was talking about your father, but I was talking about you. Why did you think I was talking about your father?”
“No reason,” his face was expressionless.
“That’s a lie. I can tell.”
“Who are you? Masashi?” Masashi was the only other one who ever called him out on anything. Everyone else just chose to believe the lies.
“No, but, like him, I am your friend. Don’t lie to me Dragen. I won’t buy into it. I'm not afraid to learn about you. I'm not afraid to stand up to you,” he tried to walk away but she stepped in front of him, putting her hand on his chest so he couldn’t pass without removing her. “Dragen. What happened to your father?”
“Absolutely nothing,” he grabbed her wrist softly but with a certain firmness that made Kalli freeze with fear. “Drop it.”
Kalli was shocked into silence. He dropped her hand and walked past her brushing her shoulder softly with his jacket sleeve. It took her a few moments to recover. What had she said? What reminded him of his family? Did she just discover the key to Dragen’s past? If she did, where was the lock?

Lupe was shocked. She didn’t think the twins wanted to ever go back to Russia with all the memories it held. Though she decided she shouldn’t really be because of their constant loyalty to their friends. “Will you come back?”
“As soon as we can. As soon as we make sure the family is settled in and safe,” Sasha assured her. “We won’t be gone too long. We’ll just get all the affairs in order and come right back.”
“Alright, I’ll call the attendance office and have you two excused..."
“Three.”
“Three?”
“Dragen’s coming with us.”

“So you bump me off the project just to join it yourself? Really?”
“Me being a part of this is different then you being a part of it,” Dragen said his hands up in surrender to a furious Kalli. She was hitting him repeatedly with every word.
“How so?”
“I have experience with this type of thing. You don’t.”
“What do you mean ‘experience’?” Kalli asked using air quotes.
“They said the friend died unexpectedly. I’ve had experience dealing with the grieving friends and family of murder victims. And I’ve done it with a much lower profile. In Russia, the twins are sure to have bad memories pop up. I am equipped to deal with that,” Dragen said plainly. “I doubt you have ever had a government watching you and wanting to take your freedom from you for something your parent did,” Dragen’s eyes got a faraway look. “Watching the woman who gave birth to you die in front of your eyes at such a young age creates a scar. It creates a scar so deep it haunts every living breath you take until you get vengeance on the monster that pulled the trigger. Guns, they allow cowards to kill without feeling the flesh breaking, without dirtying their hands. All that is left is a small hole and if you get lucky investigating you find a small piece of metal in the corpse. That’s it. People can leave no trace with a common hand gun. I,” Dragen paused blinking back to reality. “Sorry, I am a little out of it, if you will excuse me,” he bowed slightly at the waist and turned to leave.
Kalli grabbed his hand. “Dragen, wait,” He turned his face to her, it looked vulnerable. She threw her arms around his shoulders. “I’m sorry. I don’t know exactly what happened to you. But I’m sorry.”
Dragen said nothing but he allowed his eyes to close and for the first time in a while allowed himself to enjoy the touch of another human being.
"Come back safe, okay?"
He didn't answer.

“Kalli! I’m going to Japan!” Lupe screamed from across the lunch room, running to her, pushing people out of the way like they didn’t exist, “Did you hear me?”
Kalli looked up. “I think people in Canada heard you. Why are you going to Japan?”
“Masashi is taking me for Winter Break! He knew I didn’t want to go home so I was just going to stay in the dorms, but Masashi is going skiing in Haikkaido and he wants me to come with him so badly he got me a ticket in advance. Masashi just surprised me with it!” She screamed, showing Kalli the green plane ticket.
“That’s so exciting! So you and Masashi are getting pretty serious?” Lupe bit her lip meaning, she was so far in love that no one and no force could pull her out.

Saturday came too quickly. Data Venia rode to the airport with the twins and Dragen. The bus ride was quiet.
“Kalli?”
Kalli pried her eyes from the window to face Dragen sitting next to her. “Yes?”
“I am sorry,” His eyes weren’t disconnected like they normally were. He was sincere.
“Whatever for? I don’t understand,” Her eyebrows furrowed as she tried to remember why he might be apologizing.
“I know you wanted to go, and don’t really understand why I get to go instead,”
“That isn’t your…" His hand covered her lips to cut her off.
“I’m not finished.”
“Sorry. Please continue.”
“Thank you. I was harsh when you asked about my father. It is a soft subject for me and I still can’t tell you now,” He paused. “And, finally, I have to apologize. I have never been truthful with you.”
“What do you mean? What are you talking about?”
“Do you remember when Sasha and Demitri drug you off and locked you in a closet with Percy?”
“Yeah, we were talking but you never really got to the point now that I think about it,” Kalli tried to concentrate but she couldn’t remember much of that day besides kissing Percy. Though it led to disaster, she thought of it fondly.
“That’s right. Well what I was planning on saying to you…”
“We’re here,” Lupe said with a touch of sadness in her chipper voice. “Let’s go.”
Dragen slid out of the seat. “Come on,” He helped Kalli off the bus.
“So, you were saying?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Dragen said without looking at her, avoiding her ever present gaze was especially difficult for him today because he knew he might never see her again and she might be the last kind face he sees.
“Dragen, you are about to leave. The might be the last words you say to me for weeks, possibly more. Now, please, say what’s on your mind,” They were walking towards security. The separation point.
“I...I…” Dragen stammered as Lupe told everyone to say their goodbyes, “I...I’m sorry.”
“Just…” Her sentence was cut off. Dragen was showing her exactly what he wanted to say to her. His kiss was different then Percy’s but it had the same sweet essence. His kiss was harder but reluctant to push her. It was careful--unsure--but Kalli didn’t pull away. She was shocked. Her brain wouldn’t interpret the language he was speaking.
Percy turned to say goodbye to Dragen. He saw Kalli next to him. He tried to walk over to them but he felt his throat close up as he saw Dragen lean towards Kalli and steal her lips. But the real pain was in his chest when she didn’t pull away from him. Every muscle in his body was tensed and aching but his eyes would not move from the heartbreaking scene, “Chto eto?” He heard the twins say behind him with a gasp and unreserved interest. 
Dragen pulled away from Kalli. “Goodbye, Kalli. Please forgive me.”
Kalli stood frozen as Dragen led the twins towards security. She watched as his head disappeared behind the crowds and sensors.

Percy felt physically sick on the ride back to campus. Seeing Kalli in Dragen’s arms like that made him gag.
Lupe was trying to smooth over the tension in the air. Even Masashi had no idea Dragen would do something like that, especially to Kalli of all people. Everyone was shocked and frazzled
Kalli was thinking about the kiss. There was an edge to it that made her think that perhaps Dragen thought his chances of coming back alive were less than he was letting on. His goodbye sounded less of a ‘for now’ and more of a ‘forever’. Had he taken her ‘last words’ speech to heart, or was his trip far more dangerous than anyone knew?

“You didn’t really come just to see Russia, did you?” Sasha said to Dragen as soon as the plane reached altitude and Demitri was asleep. Dragen shook his head. “Why are you coming then?”
“I want to be allowed to go home without fear.”
“Aren’t you from Romania? Why can’t you go home? I don't understand.”
“I know,” Dragen’s eyes remained forward and cold but Sasha knew that his soul was burning with some kind of anger. Sasha had noticed it the day he met Dragen but he figured it wasn’t his business but now he was with Demitri and himself, so it was business. “It’s a long story.”
“Well, it’s a long plane ride. Demitri’s asleep so it’s just you and me. I know you hate to, but talk to me. Maybe I can help you.”
“I do believe that is the first time I have ever heard you, or your brother, refer to yourself as ‘I’ except when introducing yourselves,” Dragen nearly smiled at the thought.
“Well we have been together so long there was never really much need for us to be individuals.”
“Hum,” Dragen mused. “Well since you are going to find out anyway I might as well tell you,” Dragen paused. “Romania has a very large--and sometimes very profitable--black market. But working in it is illegal of course. Do you understand?”
“Yes, I know what a black market is,” Sasha said in a ‘duh’ kind of way.
“Well that’s the world I grew up in, and that world ruined my family. It seduced my father. He betrayed my mother and I when we needed him most,” The tears of a childhood Dragen began to well up in his eyes. “He dealt valuable substances and framed his wife, my mother, for the crimes. She knew about it of course, but when he started spending more time drinking and dealing than being home with the family she threatened to turn him in. He shot down my mother without mercy and I held her as she died. She told me to run and never return unless I knew for sure that it was safe. I came home too early and when I did my father was there, not a tear on his face. He told me to turn myself in, take the blame for the murder, and save his life. When I refused he tried to kill me. I ran. I lived by myself for a while. I was 11 years old. When I turned 13 I lied about my age to get a driver’s license. I drove for an underground band. We were always moving from place to place on tour and for auditions. That made a decent cover for someone who wanted to be underground. It was the guys who taught me how to play. Of course they figured out I wasn’t old enough to drive soon enough, but they still agreed to let me stay. I worked in exchange for food and an occasional lesson. When I was 18 I came to UA and it has been the highlight of my life,” Dragen finished with a tight, painful and forced smile on his face. "Especially this year."
“So let me get this straight,” Sasha mused, “Your father did some illegal stuff, got too far in so he killed your mom, wanted you to basically commit suicide by turning yourself in for his crime, then tried to kill you, and you have been living on the run since then? Have I got everything?” Dragen nodded. “So why are you coming with us to Russia?”
“After the funeral, I will send you and your brother back to campus--I really just needed a reason to be on this side of the world--I will go to Romania, kill my father, avenge my mother, and free myself. He has followed me for a while and I won’t be safe until his heart stops.”
“You and I both know that’s suicide! Do you want to die? You said yourself that you father killed her without mercy. Are you tired of living? Is that it? How long have you been planning this?” Sasha demanded loudly but hushed his voice to not hold attention. “What about us? Your friends? What are we supposed to do without you? What about Kalli? You promised her you would come back safe!”
“Actually…” Dragen started but Sasha cut him off.
“Not answering no when she tells you to isn’t the same thing as telling her you might not come back. You cannot deny you care for her. How can you do this to her? Can you imagine what will happen to her when she sees your body? She will blame herself. You know she will. She finds ways to blame herself for everything. Are you really willing to do that to her...?”
“Stop it, Sasha! Please, I beg you. Stop speaking these tragedies! Do you really think I want to die? No. I don't. But do you really call what I’m doing living? You have no idea how hard it was for me to leave her like that. But I know she will be fine, Percy will take care of her,” Dragen’s voice was sad. “I knew it would come eventually, so I am going to him before he can get to me. It is not for sure he will kill me on sight. He might want to talk to me.”
“Unlikely”
“I know. But I have to try. For everyone’s sake.”



Chapter twenty-two
Divisi 

“So what was up with that lip-lock? I thought you had your eye on Percy?” Lupe asked when she got back from Winter Break in Japan and as soon as the dorm door was locked.
“I do! He just surprised me. My brain wouldn’t work until after he said goodbye. It was weird and now I’m more confused than ever. Lupe! I don’t know what to do! Life is so much simpler when everyone is just a friend,” Kalli exclaimed throwing herself onto the bed. “And of course I’m sure Percy is perfectly fine because he thinks we’re just friends!”
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that. You didn’t see his face when he saw the two of you. He almost looked like he was going to be sick all the way home.”
Kalli hummed. “I didn’t notice.”
“You were a tad distracted,” Lupe shrugged.
“Really? I had no idea!” Kalli rolled her eyes sarcastically. She hated when people pointed out the obvious when she was upset.
“Now, now young lady. Don’t you go getting snippety with me. I didn’t get you into this mess of the heart, you did. You only have yourself to blame.”
“But Dragen…”
“Didn’t get you into this. He might have made the move but you let him continue. You could have pushed him away but you chose not to. You made that choice. Now you need to deal with the consequences. You need to talk to Percy and explain what happened.”
“Only problem with that is: I don’t know what happened! It just did! Why did Dragen have to do this? I wasn’t ready for that! And could I really push him away? I mean, he’s leaving the country for goodness sake! I don’t know when, or if, I will ever see him again!” she couldn’t sit still. She paced around the room like a horse around a running pole.
“What do you mean by that?” Lupe asked, suddenly alarmed.
“His kiss, it felt like his last goodbye to me. I can’t really explain it. There was just a feeling I would never see him again. Like he was marching into an unwinnable battle,” his kiss was desperate. A last moment of happiness.
“Really?” Lupe asked, deep in thought. “I wonder if he was lying, I wonder if he doesn’t really plan on coming back at all.”
“What do you mean ‘plan on coming back’? He’s just going to the funeral, right?” Kalli was starting to get angry, she felt betrayed.
“Maybe he didn’t tell you more so you wouldn’t try to stop him from leaving. Maybe he knew he couldn’t refuse if you asked him to stay,” Lupe suggested, tilting her head as if it was a question. But she knew she was spot on. In fact she had discussed it with him before he left. But even she didn't know it was this serious.
“Well if that was his motivation he hit the nail on the head. If he had told me he might not come back I would have begged him to stay.”
“That’s what he said you would do.” Lupe muttered.
“What do you mean? Did you know about this?”
“Not about the kiss, but yes, I did know that there was a possibility he would not be coming back. He knows this trip might be his last. He said he is going to go to Romania,” Lupe’s voice was eerily calm, detached.
“Why didn’t you tell me?! Lupe! He might die! Don’t you care at all? He’s your friend! Why didn’t you stop him?! He is going to die and you could have stopped him!” Kalli screamed at her, not caring that the dorm head might hear. She was angry.
“It’s not for sure that he will. There is only a chance.”
“I can’t believe you. Don’t you see? Or are you completely brain-dead?” Kalli was so angry she could have cussed but she resisted. “You are going tell me exactly why Dragen chose to go on this trip, and how he cannot guarantee his own life,” Kalli’s voice was a creepy, airy whisper. No funny business. She wanted answers.
Lupe sighed regretfully. “He didn’t say anything else.”
“That’s a lie,” Kalli snapped. “You know more then you are telling me,” Kalli edged towards the door.
“Maybe that’s true. Dragen said for me to think of it as his dying request not to tell you why. I have said too much already. Go to bed, Kalli. Don’t worry about it,” Lupe slid under her covers and turned out her lamp.
“I don’t understand you. One of your best friends could die tonight and you are sleeping. You make me sick.”
“It won’t be tonight. It might not even be until spring. Do you expect me to not sleep until spring? That’s ridiculous Kalli. Now turn off the light and don't worry about it.”
“Fine,” Kalli crossed the room and clicked her lamp off; the room was now pitch dark. Kalli heard Lupe roll over sighing. She felt her way across the wall to the door.
“Where are you going?” Lupe asked groggily.
“Don’t worry about it.”
“You aren’t supposed to leave the dorm after 11 p.m.,” She responded lazily.
“Then turn me in. You can’t stop me. I’m going for a midnight walk,” Kalli said defiantly before shutting the door behind her and wrapping her thin sweater close around her body, hoping the fabric would fill the void of confusion in her heart.

“Kalli? Kalli, wake up. Were you out here all night?” Percy was talking down at Kalli sleeping on a garden bench. She wouldn’t wake up. “Alright, come on,” His voice was slightly strained as he lifted her from the bench. It wasn’t easy lifting someone when they were sleeping, he found. “We need to get you inside before you catch a cold,” He began carrying her to the girls’ dorm.
“I’m so sorry, Dragen. Please don’t go. Choose to live,” Kalli cried out in her sleep. “Don’t! No Dragen! Don’t die!” She screamed, jolting up. Percy had to hold tightly not to drop her. She kept struggling against him.
“Kalli! Kalli, stop! No one is hurting you. Wake up!” Her saying Dragen’s name in her sleep meant that she was dreaming of him, which Percy didn’t like. Her struggles against him became so great he had to sit her down in the grass. “Wake up! It’s not real, Kalli!”
“Pease no! No, stay with me. I care about you! Don’t die, please!” Her worthless pleas hurt Percy’s heart. He had to wake her up somehow. “No! Why did you kill him?! What…” Kalli jolted up suddenly, sucking in air as if someone had been holding her in water for the past few minutes.
“Kalli. Kalli, it’s ok. You’re ok. I’m here,” Percy said soothingly holding her thrashing wrists then holding her close, “its ok. It was only a dream,” Kalli began to sob into his chest.  “Shh…” He said calmingly. “It’s alright…”
“No, it’s not! Dragen will die because I let him go! I should have seen it! If I had taken just a moment to think he would still be here, alive and well. I’m so stupid!” She pulled herself off Percy’s shirt and out of his arms. She stood and tried to walk but she was dizzy and her legs gave out from under her.
Percy watched in agony as she collapsed and curled into a small ball in the grass. His chest ached with the pain and urge to help her but not knowing what to do. He crawled closer to her.
“Kalli, baby, you can’t blame yourself for Dragen’s choices. I don’t know what this is all about but I do know it’s not your fault,” He tried to touch her back but she scrambled back to her feet, her eyes burning with anger.
“You don’t even know what is going on! Go away, Percy! Leave me alone! You don’t understand, I’m a murderer. I might as well have killed him by my own hand…!” Percy filled the gap she created in two strides. He grabbed her flailing arms at the wrist, keeping them in place while she fought uselessly to break free.
“Don’t send me away. You are not a murderer. I know what happened. Masashi told me. Now you need to breathe and slow your heart rate or you are going to collapse again,” He waited a few minutes for her to calm down. “Why do you blame yourself for Dragen going on a possibly fatal mission? You didn’t know. He made sure of that.”
“Because if I had asked him to stay he wouldn’t have left.”
“He would have had to face this eventually. What do you think would happen when he started his career and suddenly his face was everywhere? The government would be on him in an instant. It was time for Dragen to face his past. If you had stopped him, it would only be harder on him. He needs to do this,” Percy sat her down on a bench so she didn’t fall over.
“I hope he comes back so I can kill him.”
“That’s my girl.”

“Miss Hardford, I’m assuming you have been practicing the composition piece I gave you in the beginning of the year,” Her piano teacher asked as a statement.
“Well…Sort of…”
“Miss Hardford, am I to understand that in all this time you have not at all prepared for the end of year project?” Kalli rubbed the back of her neck awkwardly. Mr. L gave out a sigh of frustration. “Honestly, for my brightest student in years you are quite the hassle.”
“Sorry, sir. I’ll get right on it.”
“Kalli, I’m not sure you realize just how much is at stake here.”
She stopped short. “What do you mean?”
“I know you have had a lot on your mind, with your friends and all. But I understand your scholarship gives you means to continue your education here.”
“Yes, sir.”
“I hope you also understand that the renewal of your scholarship is annual and has requirements you must meet. One of which is performing at an excellent level in the end of year exhibition.”
“I was unaware.”
“And by well, I mean first, in the top spot in the judging.”
“But, what about Percy? He has one too.”
“Then it sounds to me like you have some serious competition. Only one can get the top spot.”
Only one can keep the scholarship, she figured he should have said.

“Sao Masashi-san!”
“Ka…Kaname? Kaname-sempai?” Lupe had never seen Masashi so happy to see another human being. They began speaking in quick Japanese. She didn’t pick up on much other than the pleasantries. Then she heard his sister’s name. “Miki-Chan?” 
“Ai! Sao Miki-Chan!” The man called. Lupe saw a woman about her height. She was young with short straight black hair falling over her face. When she pushed it away her beauty was obvious. This was Miki, Masashi’s sister. Lupe smiled at the sight. They hadn’t gotten a chance to visit when they went to Japan for the winter holiday.
Masashi bowed politely as his sister approached. But then he hugged her once she got close enough. Lupe watched the happy reunion. She was also watching the man who looked at her in confusion. Masashi had taught her what to do in this instance. She did a slight bow from the waist and introduced herself. “Gonzalez Lupe-san.”
“Fugioka Kaname-sama,” He said using the most respectful term but smiled telling her he was friend. She smiled showing it was a pleasure to meet him.
Masashi then turned to her. “Lupe, this is my sister Miki and my cousin Kaname Fugioka. They are the only surviving members of my family line other than myself,” He then spoke to Miki and Kaname. “Miki-chan, Kaname-kun…Lupe-chan,” He began telling them about her. She picked out only a few words: Spain, beautiful, friend, and love. They seemed to find her interesting and pleasant. It had been a while since she had seen this much light in Masashi’s eyes and face; true happiness. She wasn’t sure why, but he didn’t do very well if he was away from his family for very long. But maybe the reason she didn’t understand was because her family was nothing to look forward to. Fighting with etiquette, she liked to call it. That is all that matters to them. But for Masashi it was different. She could see that. His family came halfway around the world just to see him. Her family refused to fly a few countries north. Then again, these three had been through a lot together. She could see the bonds that had formed between them. She saw a fire in Masashi’s bottomless eyes that disappeared after only a few weeks apart from them. It was an odd yet magical relationship they all had. It was the kind of family she yearned for with every fiber of her being.
“Lupe-chan…you are…spacing out,” Kaname’s broken English shattered into her thoughts.
“Oh sorry. Wait--you speak English?”
“A...small bit,” he struggled to find words. It was obvious he was far from fluent. Lupe started laughing at how his accent sounded. He attempted to sound more English. “Funny? What? Did I speak bad?” Masashi laughed this time and shook his head. He explained quietly in Japanese what she was laughing at. She watched the grin creep onto his face as he realized what he was doing. “I like this one, Masashi-kun.”

“Well, it has been a pleasurable day but Miki-chan and I really must be going. I have saved a pair of rooms for us because visitors cannot stay on campus. We shall be back tomorrow afternoon.”
“We are excited to see you again Kaname-San, and Miki-chan of course,” Lupe bid Kaname farewell as Masashi said goodbye to his beloved sister. Kaname bowed slightly at the waist and retrieved Miki before departing from campus for the evening. Masashi and Lupe stood together and watched them go until the dark kept them from seeing.
“I like your family. They’re nice.”
“Yeah, they are pretty awesome. But I guess we didn’t get to spend much time together today, did we?” He did her favorite one eyebrow raised side look. She laughed lightly.
“No, we did not. It’s ok though, I was glad to see your ‘spark’ again. Besides, I got to talk with Kaname. He is a lot like you, just more sociable.”
Masashi feigned concern. “Are you going to leave me for my cousin? That’s low,” He smiled to show his jest.
Lupe shrugged. “Hey, I have to keep my options open. Right?”
Masashi put his arm around her, silently telling her that she didn’t need anyone else in line, because he wasn’t giving her up.

“I do hope you are planning on using your spring break wisely,” Luke Stanley came up to Kalli sitting in the gardens. 
“Pardon?”
“Having two weeks to practice and get an edge on your competitors seems like a good idea.”
“I think I’ll be alright.”
“Practice, Miss Hardford, you’ll need it.”

***


Chapter twenty-three
Interval

The old doors creaked open. This was the oldest building on campus and no one ever figured to lock it. Kalli hadn’t been there since her piano showdown with Percy on her first day in England. Even the smell of the building brought her back to simpler days. The Grand Piano was just as beautiful as when she first sat at it and like that day her fingers spread across the black and white keys hitting a single note of the chord at a time. F. C. A. D. F. finding minors and patterns within it eventually moving around the piano, creating a sad melody out of minor chords. She closed her eyes and let her hands take over. So peaceful, so...
“That’s beautiful,” Kalli jumped and fell off the piano bench. Just off stage stood a middle aged man. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to startle you,” He said apologetically.
“Startle me? You scared the living be-jeezers out of me,” Kalli paused. “Sorry, rough day. Can I help you?”
“Now that you ask, do you know a student named Percival Delano?” The man inquired. Kalli couldn’t detect a specific accent of any kind, but something about his blue-green eyes made her nervous. He seemed familiar but she knew that he was a stranger to her.
“Percy?” Kalli asked keeping her voice even. “Yeah I know him. I think he’s in the field.”
“Can you take me there? I don’t know the campus that well,” Something about his slimy charm seemed wrong to Kalli but she couldn’t place it.
“Yeah, sure,” Kalli jumped calmly off the stage and walked out the door. The man followed close to her but wasn’t following too suspiciously. “So how do you know Percy?”
“Percival? I’m an old friend of his mother’s.”
“Really? So are you here on her errand or…”
“No I came on my own. His mother and I are having a...disagreement,” He said with some hesitation. He was fidgety.
“So you traveled all the way to Cambridge from...” Kalli paused for a thematic building moment. “Where did you say you were from again?”
“I didn’t. Is there a reason you are conducting a full interview? Or are you normally this chatty? Miss…” He paused like she did. “I never did catch your name.”
“I didn’t throw it at you. Hardford, Kalli Hardford,” Kalli didn’t like this guy. He gave her the creeps. “But you never did answer my question. What part of the world are you from?”
“I travel around. Europe and Asia mostly,” He said calmly but impatiently. “Now where did you say this field was? How much further?”
“Not too far. Just up this hill actually,” Kalli imagined he was lying on in the grass staring up at the clear sky, feeling the breeze in his hair. “Percy!” She called as they reached the top of the hill. “There’s a man here to see you,” She was right. There he laid, arms spread wide just lost in thought. He sat up as she approached.
“A man? Who…?” Percy rose to his feet quickly and with a grace only he could pull off. “Come over here. Get away from him,” He grabbed Kalli’s arm firmly and pulled her behind him, backing up slowly.
Kalli was speechless. “Now, now, Percival. That was not very kind,” The elder man purred.
“Like I care. And for your information my friends call me Percy,” Percy said his voice even but Kalli could he was shaking, and hear the venom in his voice, who was this man?
“Fine then, Percy…”
“I said my friends call me Percy. You do not qualify for that title,” Percy had barely finished his sentence when the man charged him and grabbed him firmly by the shirt.
“You listen to me, boy. I am your father and you will respect me!” The man shook Percy hard, as if to get across a point.
“I’m hardly a boy anymore. I haven’t considered you my father since you left. How can I respect someone who only comes around to get money to get wasted and leave bruises on my mother and me? You can’t hurt either of us anymore,” His father shook him and yelled but Percy only gritted his teeth, keeping his face hard. Something silver came out from under Percy’s gray t-shirt. His father grasped it firmly. Percy’s eyes widened and his mouth dropped slightly.
“Percy, I’m so sorry, I had no idea…” Kalli whispered to him, his hand still holding onto her.
“Shh,” he said quickly, watching his father’s movements carefully.
“That’s sweet, Kalli toujours, Kalli forever. You know, son, there is more to pain then the physical,” Things moved quicker then. Percy went flying sideways hitting the cold ground with a force that jarred his entire body, leaving Kalli unprotected from his father. She tried to run but his hand was already enlaced into her hair, pulling between the ponytail holder and her scalp. She heard herself cry out as he dragged her head backwards.
“No, Kalli! Leave her alone! She has nothing to do with this!” Percy pleaded but his father just laughed.
“That’s right Percival. Now that I have your attention: Why has your mother suddenly decided to not talk to me?”
“Maybe she got sick of you…” His father pulled at Kalli’s head, making her wince, “I don’t know, I haven’t spoken to mom in months! Now please let Kalli go!”
Kalli pulled against her captor. She got her leg in position and purposely tripped. He fell with her but his grip loosened enough for her to get free. Percy moved with haste holding his father down with one hand and the other was poised to punch. The blow was fast. Kalli heard the crack of his nose. “You are going to leave and never return here or go within 100 kilometers of France ever again. If I ever see you, or if you come anywhere near me, my friends, Kalli, or my mother, I will break more than just your nose and I will deal more than one blow,” Percy promised, his eyes on fire. “Do you understand?” His father’s eyes were shocked and watering about his bleeding face. He nodded quickly. “Get out of my sight, vermin,” Percy released his father’s shirt with some emotional difficulty and watched him stagger away before walking over to Kalli, who was slumped on the ground but watching him. Tears stained her cheeks.
“Are you alright?” She asked before he got the chance to speak.
“I should be asking you that. I am so sorry, Kalli. I cannot believe he dragged you into this. Is your head alright?” He asked gingerly touching where the pull had centered. He carefully pulled out the loosened hair band fluffing out her hair lightly, letting it fall free. “There, does that feel any better?”
“Yes, much, thank you.” He nodded, assessing his own damage. A long cut on his arm where his father pushed him aside, he apparently landed on a stick or rock or something. “Are you alright?” Kalli asked again.
“I don’t think it is too bad. Give it a few weeks and I will be good as new,” He smiled at her, but the smile was forced.
“Your father may be a horrible person, but he did have a point: there is more pain than the physical. You just faced the man who beat you for most of your life. It isn’t the physical I’m worried about,” Kalli said placing her hand on his shoulder. The physical contact seemed to calm both of them.
“I will be fine. I am just glad it’s all over and you are somewhat unharmed.”
“I’m fine. I don’t even feel it anymore,” a lie, but it was what he needed to hear.

The twins and Dragen checked into their hotel after a long travel day. Dragen fell onto the bed and stared at the ceiling while the twins unpacked. 
“You guys really make a home of everywhere, don’t you?” He asked. He knew the answer. They had unloaded into the drawers and closet before he could get a decent thought together. Years of experience.
The twins plopped down on each side of Dragen. “Are you actually trying to make conversation, precious?” 
“Guys, space,” they laughed and got up. “Yes. I feel…obliged because you are helping me.”
They shrugged. “Doesn’t hurt us that you want to come along for the ride,” Demitri said. Dragen nodded. “You do know that everyone is going to be pissed at you when you come back, right?” Demitri hadn’t accepted that Dragen’s life might be in danger. Dragen couldn’t tell if that was chosen or a purposeful fantasy put together by his brother. 
“Yeah, I know.”

Masashi insisted on both Kalli and Percy going to the infirmary to have a nurse treat their wounds--mostly Percy’s arm. The cut extended from the back of his pale hand and stopped at his elbow. The edges were rugged and it was bleeding all over him. Kalli noticed his face was paler then normal from the loss of blood. Also, his hands were shaking.
“It looks worse than it is,” Percy said reassuringly after seeing Kalli’s concerned looks but even his voice seemed weak to her.
“We need to stop that bleeding,” She said opening the door to the infirmary. The nurse took a single moment to get the bandages and drag Percy to the sink where he washed his arm which made it look a lot better. The nurse ran a sanitizing cloth over it.
“The good news is that the cut isn’t too deep so you won’t need stitches,” The nurse wrapped his arm in gauze then a bandage, securing his arm tightly. “This stays on for at least a week, come back then. How did this happen?” She asked looking into his eyes.
“Uh...I tripped and I landed on my arm,” Percy lied. He always was good at thinking on his feet.
“Seems like one nasty fall,” The nurse said suspiciously.
“Yeah, I landed on a stick. I put my arm out to catch myself but the stick caught me instead,” Percy said with a slight natural laugh. “I suppose I’m just lucky I didn’t break it. I play piano and guitar, my arms are kind of necessary,” His smile was charming. Kalli wondered how many school nurses he had talked his way around in his life.
“Well we won’t have to amputate. But be more careful. If you start to feel dizzy or faint please come back,” She looked at Kalli. “Is there something I can help you with my dear?”
“No miss. I’m…”
“When I fell I tried to grab onto her. I think I got her hair. Can you check and make sure I didn’t hurt her,” Kalli glared at Percy.
“You are quite the klutz aren’t you young man?” The nurse smiled and looked at Kalli’s head. “What it looks like to me is that you got yanked pretty hard but aside from some redness and some sore spots you seem to be alright. But, if you start to get headaches or any kind of symptoms that would possibly be related let me know and I can take another look.”
“Thank you,” They said together before getting to the door as fast as they could without looking suspicious.

“How are you this afternoon, Miss Lupe-chan?”
“I am just fine. How are you Mister Kaname-sempai?” she mimicked his overly polite tone.
“I am having a pleasant day thank you.”
“I'm sorry for the delay,” she said. She dropped the pleasantries. "Masashi said he would be right along, he got held up by something,” Kaname quickly translated to Miki and she nodded with understanding. She turned to see Masashi jogging up and sweeping her up in an embrace.
“Sorry I’m late.”
“It is alright. Lupe and I were just ‘making small talk’. I do believe those are the correct words.”
“You got it! Your English is improving!” Lupe clapped.
“It helps to be around others who speak English well,” Kaname glanced at Lupe.
“Kaname?” Masashi said. “Are you trying to steal my girl?”
“Is this anything new?”
“No, just checking to see if you were up to your old tricks.”
“Always.” Kaname said smirking.
“Good to know. Miki…” He then started talking quietly to his sister in Japanese. “Kaname, I trust you were listening in just now?”
“Yes, I was.”
“Then you understand I must visit with Lupe this afternoon? But no one has classes tomorrow so we shall spend the entire day with you then.”
“Of course. Until the next day Miss Lupe-Chan,” Kaname said, bowing slightly before departing with Miki. 
Masashi watched Lupe’s face as they left. “If I’m not careful Kaname will win you over.”
“Mmm,” Masashi gave her a fearful look but she rolled her eyes and grabbed hold of his shirt. “Do you really think anyone could out-charm you? Face it, boy, you are stuck with me,” she kissed him sweetly and skipped to his side to take his hand. “So you had to talk to me? What’s up?”
“Kalli and Percy. I just had to send them to the infirmary,” he informed her.
“Are they okay? What happened?”
He shook his head. “They’re fine. I made sure they were sorted before I left.”
“You’re the best.”
He kissed her lightly on the forehead. “I think a movie is playing tonight in Performance Hall Four. Do you want to go?”
She smiled up brightly at him. “I would love to.”

Kalli found herself in such a moral dilemma. She knew about the scholarship problem. But did Percy? Percy, her greatest threat, and her greatest ally. How could she keep it from him? How could she tell him?

The intercom cracked above the piano class, “Percival Delano, please come to the main office building.” Everyone in the class turned and looked at him. Kalli creased her forehead and Percy shrugged, he was just as clueless as she was. 
“Percival, you are excused,” Mr. L dismissed him and continued on the lesson. Percy gathered his things and slumped out of the room. Nothing good ever came from having a personal invitation to the office building.
Campus was small so it only took him a few minutes to get to the central office. The lady at the front desk pointed him across the lobby to the conference room. The door was propped open. He pushed his way inside to see the headmaster, Charles (he always insisted on first-name terms to create a sense of comfort), Luke Stanley, and Thomas Allen all sitting at the far end of the table. Percy cleared his throat. “Ah, Percival. Come in,” Charles said.
“You asked to see me, sir,” Percy readjusted his backpack on his shoulder.
“Yes, please sit. We need to have a discussion,” Charles was straight-faced, such a rare sight that Percy knew that he wouldn’t think fondly of the ‘discussion’ to come. 

“Freaking ridiculous! That’s what it is!” Percy paced while Kalli sat patiently waiting on the courtyard bench for him to start making sense.
“What did they say?” She asked for about the 7th time, with little hope for getting an answer.
“’Trouble child’? Please, I practice more than the rest of Data Venia combined. No offense.”
“Maybe I won’t take any if you tell me what is going on? Percy you’re scaring me.” 
Percy looked at her as if suddenly realizing she had been sitting there the entire time. His eyes were wide and shifty. “Sorry, Kal,” He took a deep breath. “Basically they said that they are looking into revoking my scholarship and expelling me based on ‘behavioral issues’ which is total crap by the way. This is Mr. Stanley. He’s been out to get Data Venia since day one and now he has headmaster Charles buying his lies,” Percy plopped down next to Kalli and ran his hands through his hair. “This is my life. This is my future. I can’t lose this,” He cradled his head in his hands, elbows on his knees. Kalli couldn’t speak. It was too preposterous. Percy was one of the best students at the university and since the Drake fiasco hadn’t started any fights with students or done anything out of the normal parameters. It didn’t make sense. Why him?

“Hey, Masashi? Do you know Kalli’s Spring Break plans? Like is she going to try to go home, or what?”
“I have no idea. I have not talked plans with her yet. Why do you ask?” Masashi answered and asked without so much as a glance up from his book.
“I was just wondering,” Percy said almost innocently.
“You never ‘just wonder’ Percy. You are human, always searching for information. The only real question is why, not if,” Masashi said only looking up for a moment to watch Percy’s reaction to his words then storing the information for later use.
“You caught me,” His hands up in surrender. “If she doesn’t have plans, I want her to meet my mum.”
“One, you have spent far too much time in England, my friend. Two, you want Kalli to spend two weeks in France with you and your mother?”
“Well if she doesn’t already have plans of course. But, yes that is basically the plan,” Percy smiled. “I don’t want to take the risk of suggesting it if she already has plans because that could be awkward.”
“So...you want her to meet your mother? Does that mean things are getting serious?” Masashi asked putting down his book; he wasn’t getting any reading done with Percy talking this much.
“You know Kalli and I are just friends,” Percy said plainly with a touch of exasperation.
“Yes I understand that was the agreement. But do you still care for her? And don’t you dare give me the ‘of course I care, she’s my friend,’ crap. You know full well what I am asking,” Masashi swung his legs off the bed and placed his elbows on his knees propping up his head in a somewhat bored position.
“I don’t know what you want out of me. Kalli and I are friends. That’s it.”
“I just told you not to give me that crap. I am going to give you a blunt question and I want a straight answer. No hitting around the bush: Do you wish Kalli to be more than your best friend? Yes or no.”
“That’s just so…”
“Answer the question Percy!” Masashi half screamed in frustration.
“Yes! Ok? Yes I am full on in love with her! But, I tried that once and I hurt her. I won’t do that again! I refuse to hurt her. If she wants me as a friend then she will have me as a friend. End of story.  Don’t forget to take your jacket as you go! And don't let the door smack you on the way out.
"I want her to come to France with me so she won’t be alone,” Percy admitted. “She’s already having a hard time dealing with the twins and Dragen being gone. Two weeks alone isn’t going to help,” Percy sat down on the floor seeming relieved he could get everything out to someone.
“Percy,” His voice was filled with concern. “It’s a great thing you are doing for her. And, I’m proud of you for doing right by her. But, why are you putting yourself through this torment? Would it not be easier on you to stay away for a while?”
“Maybe it would be easier, but I’m not sure you understand how much I’m willing to go through for her. Masashi, I am in love with Kalli--whether she knows it or not--me being away from her side for even a moment is like setting a fire to my body. It’s hard to explain. It’s almost like her presence controls me. Without her, I feel void of purpose, cold. I miss her before she leaves and when I watch her walk away my entire body aches so bad it makes me shiver.”
“That’s how I felt about Lupe, still do in fact. It’s better now that I know she will always come back to me. You do love her Percy. I can tell you she was planning on staying here in the dorms, but I know she would love to go with you to France,” Masashi smiled--almost ashamed--as Percy discovered his trick. “Good talk, Percy. Go get the girl.”

Kalli had to speak to Mr. Kelley before she left with Percy for break or it would hang over her the entire time. She knocked on his office door. “Come in,” Mr. Kelley was hunched over his desk with a stack of essays in front of him. He turned towards her. “Ms. Hardford, what a pleasant surprise. Please, come in,” He stood and gestured to a lopsided recliner. “Would you like to sit?” Kalli nodded and sat at the edge of the chair. Mr. Kelley took his office chair. “Now, while I would love to think that you came to see me because you love my class and just can’t stand to be away from the lecture hall something tells me that’s just hopeful thinking.”
Kalli laughed nervously. “While I do love your class, I came to ask for some advice.”
His eyebrows shot up. “You have peaked my interest.”
The words fell out like a rockslide off a mountain side. Kalli explained the scholarship situation and Percy’s issues with the education board. “And I just don’t know. I know I should probably tell him about the scholarship contest but with this ‘behavioral issues’ thing I just feel like he has enough to worry about, you know? But I feel like I should be helping with that too. I just don’t know how.”
Mr. Kelley leaned back in his chair, hand on his chin. “You have gotten yourself into quite a dilemma, miss,” Kalli nodded. “Telling Percy about the scholarship issue is up to you and your friendship. I think you know what the more honest thing to do is, however I understand completely if you want to give yourself the best chance for success. The other matter, the education board, when are they making their decision?”
“Percy said that they would meet again after break to decide a course of action.”
“In that case, I personally would set up a meeting with the board before then to defend my friend and his integrity. If Percy is as good a student as we both seem to think he is you need to point that out to the board. And if they have any brains they will see sense,” Kalli let his advice sink in. She didn’t know if she would be able to convince anyone of anything, but she had to try. 
“Thank you, sir.”
“Please, Kalli, call me Lancelot,” Kalli laughed and shook her head. “Mr. Kelley is fine too if you don’t want to be on fictional first-name terms.”
“See you in class,” Kalli smiled and walked out of the office, knowing what she had to do.

***


Chapter twenty-four
Rubato

Planes had always made Kalli nervous. There are so many stories of them crashing and burning with people inside. Or running off the runway, turning over, and ending in the same burning fashion.
“Calm down, you are perfectly safe,” Percy intertwined his fingers in hers. He felt her relax slightly only to re-tense when the plane turned onto the runway. “Hold onto me if you need,” He whispered in her ear. She gratefully grabbed his hand with both of hers, holding onto him tightly. As they took off he could feel her shaking.
“We have reached altitude. You may now move around the cabin,” The flight attendant said, repeating it in multiple languages.
“Thank you,” Kalli said softly removing one of her hands but still holding onto him tightly with the other.
“You’re welcome.”
“So tell me about France. Distract me.”
Percy told her stories of his home outside Paris. Kalli was so enthralled by the stories that she didn’t realize they were landing until the plane jarred against the earth. “How did you do that?” Kalli demanded.
“Do what?” He asked innocently smiling. He slid past her to get both their bags out of the overhead bin. “Here,” He tossed her bag towards her. She didn’t need to check one because she didn’t own much. She was a runner. she packed light.
Percy was obviously excited once they got inside the airport; he was practically pulling her hand off as he dragged her through the crowds.
After they got his bag, they stood outside for a cab. Percy told him the address in fluid French; his voice was immensely beautiful in any language. The cabbie asked Percy a question, she heard his normal laugh.
“Non, non. Elle est mon amie. Elle n'amorent pas moi,” Percy said somewhat awkwardly.
“Oh, oui, oui--Elle est tres belle.”
“Oui, elle est,” Percy smiled at her.
“What are you two talking about?” Kalli inquired. Percy’s eyes smiled brighter.
“Politics,” He was lying. She remembered enough from French I that ‘belle’ had nothing to do with politics.

“Mere! Mama!” Percy dropped his bags and ran to the petite woman with reddish brown hair. Kalli guessed he got his jet-black hair from his father’s side. She stood back and watched the happy reunion.
“Oh, Percival!”
“Percy, mama, Percy,” He said sternly but he wasn’t angry. He was happier than it was possible to describe in words.
“Oh, excuse moi,” She said, her voice sarcastic.
“Kalli,” He called out for her. She joined him at his side.
“Qu’est-ce?” His mom asked kindly.
“Mama, Kalli; Kalli, this is my mother,” Percy said introducing them. “Kalli est Americane,” Percy said proudly.
“Oh, American? Why didn’t you say so?” Kalli was taken aback. why did his mother have an English accent? “Hi, I’m Emily, Percy’s mum. It’s such a pleasure to meet you, Kalli. Percy and I only speak briefly on the phone but I can tell he’s rather fond of you.”
Kalli was in shock, “How do you speak English so fluently?”
“Just because I live in France doesn’t mean I was raised here. I was born in England. I moved down here when I met Percival’s father but that wasn’t until after college.”
“Well that will make things way less confusing. I am far from fluent in French. I barely passed French I in junior high.”
“Well I hope my son hasn’t been using that against you.”
Percy sighed, “You two are going to be great friends and I’m going to go put my bags down. Don’t embarrass me, mom, please?” Percy picked up his duffel bag, walking comfortably in the familiar house.
“I apologize for my son,” Emily said. “He doesn’t like me talking about him to his friends,” She was somewhat resentful of the fact her son disapproved of her actions. “But neither here nor there. Let me show you to your room.”

Japan was amazing; Masashi’s family lived in a smaller city next to Tokyo. The house was small, compact.
“Miss Lupe has come to join us,” Kaname said kissing her hand as she entered the door. “Still yours, Masashi?”
“Until she gets sick of me.”
“Never in a million years,” Lupe took Masashi’s hand pointedly.
Kaname shrugged. “Unfortunate. I suppose life goes on.”

The house was quiet yet busy.
Percy’s mom was quietly humming a melody in the kitchen. Kalli recognized it. It was the lullaby Percy played during their first piano show down. She wondered what the lyrics were. Before she knew it she was laying on the bed with her spiral and pen. She hummed the melody and let the lyrics fall through her hand and allowed the ink to fill the page. It was like she was home again, laying on her own bed at her dads house, him singing loudly and out of tune while he worked or cooked.
A light rap on the door brought her out of what her mom used to call her ‘writing daze’ Percy was leaning against the door frame. “How long have you been standing there?” She asked suddenly self-conscious about her singing. “What do you want?”
Percy chuckled. “I thought you would want to know that the shower is free,” She noticed his black hair was wet. She assessed the rest of him: he was wearing his normal black slacks and belt, and he had his black button up open to reveal a white undershirt. He let his wet hair lazily flop on his forehead. Kalli looked down blushing. “And as for as long I have been standing here: long enough to realize you are writing something to the tune of my mom’s lullaby.”
“As a matter of fact, yes. Did she write it? Or is it an old French one or something?”
“It’s hers. She wrote it when I was born,” He suddenly ran at her. He flipped over her and landed on the other half of the bed and then scooted closer to her. “Mind if I read?”
Kalli handed him the spiral, speechless. He was quite nimble for his height. It was obvious he was more comfortable being himself here. She watched his face while he read. He was gorgeous. His young skin was flawless. His eyes were a piercing sapphire and the bones of his face were clearly defined. Even since she met him he had grown up. It was amazing for her to think they were both still 17. Wait, no, she turned 18 a few months ago. She had forgotten her own birthday? When was his birthday? Did she miss it too? Kalli pondered this until Percy again spoke to her.
“This is great, Kalli. You just came up with this?”
“Uh--yeah I guess. I just started writing and the lyrics flowed,” He nodded turning back to the page. “Hey Percy, how old are you? When’s your birthday?”
Percy shot her an odd look. “I’m 18, my birthday was about a month before I met you--why do you ask?” somehow, he measuring time to when he had met her, it made her happy.
“I was just wondering if I missed it.”
He laughed, a nice melody within his voice. “No, you didn’t miss it,” His ocean blue eyes were shining, “Well I should let you finish this before inspiration leaves,” He said climbing back over her and heading for the door.
“Percy, wait!” She called scrambling after him. She wasn’t sure what she was going to say but she knew she didn’t want him to leave. He paused at the door and turned back to her. “You don’t have to…” She tripped over her own foot. Trusty Percy caught her.

“You really need to stop falling for me,” He said with a playful, sarcastic wink.
“I think it’s too late,” She said staring straight into his sapphire eyes.
“What do you…?” He was cut short by Kalli’s lips. The kiss seemed hurried, like she had so much to say before he could disappear.
She pulled away. “I’m so sorry Percy. You just want to be friends…”
He held out a finger. “Would you not talk for a few moments and enjoy this?” He kissed her then. All walls shattered. He was everywhere. He was the sun, moon, and sky. He was her water and she couldn’t seem to be able to get enough to drink. “You have no idea how long I have wanted this. Just to hold you in my arms…”
“I’m sorry. I have been lying to both of us. I was afraid of falling for you, but obviously my heart is too far gone.”
“Well, I’m glad. Come on. Mom’s cooking,” He took her hand and kissed her again, leading her into the kitchen.
“Oh good. I was just coming to get you two--should I be concerned my son has a towel randomly around his neck?” Emily laughed but there was a hint of seriousness in her tone.
“No mom, I just got out of the shower and smelled your wonderful cooking so I grabbed Kalli and came running. What are you cooking?” Percy side-stepped the question skillfully.
“My famous lasagna.”  
“Oh, Kalli, you are in for a treat,” Kalli’s mom used to buy Stouffer’s from Wal-Mart. She had never had a homemade pasta dinner.
“Can’t wait.”

17 March

I refuse to write “dear diary” like I am writing a letter to a friend named Diary. Honestly, who ever came up with that is dumb. Same with journal… why am I even explaining this? I  am writing on a sheet of paper that has no feelings or emotions. It lacks a brain--meaning it is an inanimate object. And, since I am the only one who will ever read this I’m just going to jump in.
Sasha suggested I write my thoughts down. He said, “Since you refuse to talk I want you to do this so you don’t go insane in this wasteland,” actually I made up the wasteland part, but I don’t know how anyone lives here...It’s so cold! The twins say I’ll get used to it. I don’t believe them.
I realized as I wrote the date that it is Spring Break. I wonder where Kalli is tonight. I sure hope she is warmer than I am. I should ask if the twins will turn up the heat in the room. Maybe she ended up going home. Maybe her mom forgave her and welcomed her home for the holidays...Fat chance. From what I know Kalli doesn’t want to be there any more then they want her there. And the fact that they don’t see her like I do really is a crying shame. She is amazing, as a musician and a person. She is kind hearted, warm, funny, beautiful inside and out--oh look at me getting all sentimental. Geez, this place is really getting to me.
Anyway…Our own “quest” is nearly at its end. The funeral happened weeks ago but the twins want to stay a little while longer; for nostalgic reasons I believe. I think this will all be over by April 1st  at the latest. Finally, then, my true mission will start. I am going to write Kalli saying my final goodbyes and send it back to UA with the twins in case I don’t make it back to her. I wonder if Percy has made his move yet. With me being gone he would have to be an idiot not to at least try to be with her again. Then again…it is Percy. It makes me mad to think of her with someone else but if I had to choose someone for her after I’m gone, I would choose him. We may not get along but he will do right by her. If not I’ll come down, or up as the case might be, and kick his sorry little--I’ll make him pay. Let’s put it like that.
That’s another thing that I have been mulling over lately: Heaven and Hell. Do I really believe in all that mumbo jumbo? I mean, my body will rot in the ground and feed the insects, but my soul? Do I even have one? Does anyone? If there is an afterlife, where am I going? Heaven seems like a cool place and Hell seems--well--Hellish. With all that I have done in my fight to survive, and what I will do… all I know is that if die I’m burying him with me. We can walk through Hell together. At least we’ll have plenty to talk about. Can you talk in Hell?
No one understands just how much I hate that man. As far as I’m concerned he can burn in Hell forever. If I have to I will burn with him if the need arises. I read Dante’s Inferno over the summer. Dante says murderers will stand in a river of the blood of those they have killed I hope my father is drenched in it. It’s less then he deserves. I only want to have my mom know that I killed the monster responsible for her death. I wonder if she’s proud. I hope so. I can’t worry about that now. It’s too late. I’m gone too far. Wow, this is depressing. I’m done writing about this.

I’m not going to sign my name either.
That too, is pointless.

P.S. If Kalli ever reads this--I am sorry for I have put you through, my love. Just know I have always loved you and that will never change but I accept that you don’t feel the same way and I know I am no good for you. So know I want you to be happy. Don’t mourn me. I can’t stand to think you are unhappy because of me and my actions. So don’t be. Life is too short for you to be miserable. I love you, Kalli. Goodbye.

Kalli was trying so hard to find the words. “Sweetie? Can we talk?”
“Oh you’re not going to be backing out on me again? I don’t know that I could handle that again.” Percy looked like a deer in headlights. Kalli laughed and shook her head. “Oh good. No regrets?”
“No regrets.” She gave him a soft kiss on the cheek. “But I do need to talk to you.” 
He took her hands in his. “Sure, what’s up?” His blue eyes searched her face.
“It’s something that my teacher told me about the scholarships.”
He sighed. “He told me about that too. I’m not worried.”
“Not worried?”
He shrugged. “I think it was a way to motivate us. And, even if it is true, you’ll get it,” she started to interrupt. “Hush, you are better than me and you need it more. Prepare for the performance as you would and I will for mine.”
“You think it’s simple as that?”
He kissed her. “Absolutely. Come on. We will play.” 
They played on the piano for the rest of the afternoon, no music, just from their hearts.

Kalli awoke to Percy stroking her face lightly. “That’s a nice way to be woken up,” She said drowsily and started stretching, enjoying the feeling of his warm body next to her.
“I’m glad. Good morning, mon cheri.” 
Kalli felt her cheeks redden. It still surprised her just how romantic he could be. “Are you sure you aren’t gay?”
He chuckled. “I’m pretty sure. Why do you ask?”
“Because you seem too attractive and too romantic for any girl to have any sort of shot at you. Usually when that happens, he’s gay. At least that’s how it works in America.”
“Three things--One, you find me attractive?”
“Uh--Yeah. If I was with my friends I would call you a hottie,” Kalli said blushing.
“Hum, good to know. Two, you find me romantic?”
“Again, yes. What’s number three?”
“Three, honey you definitely have a lethal shot at me if you want it.”
“Are you some kind of bird? Am I a hunter?”
“I can be anything you want me to be. I would do anything for you.”
Kalli’s breath stopped. How was he so perfect?

Percy’s Mom insisted that Percy wanted them out of the house for the day so she took Kalli out to Paris to shop.
“Alright, dearie. Where do you want to start?”
“You really don’t have to do this. We can tell Percy we didn’t find anything,” Kalli hated to think she was an inconvenience.
“Honey, this shopping trip wasn’t his idea. It was mine. I thought it would be a good bonding thing for us, seeing as you’re dating my son.”
“I…” Kalli paused. She and Percy hadn’t done anything in front of her and as far as she knew Percy hadn’t talked to her about it, “I…” she was at a loss of words, a rarity for her.
“Oh! You didn’t think I had put two and two together!” She laughed. “Honey, I may be an old, divorced lady but I’m not clueless. I was in love once. I have never seen Percival, Percy,” She corrected herself. “I have never seen him so happy or so careful with anyone as I have seen him with you. Like he is being very careful to not make any mistakes, to make things last.
“Really?” Kalli thought about how Percy acted the morning before that was careful? “Well, I want it to last too. I mean, Percy and I have gone through a lot together. He’s the best friend I have at UA. Maybe the best I have anywhere in the world.”
“Well I’m glad he found you, and you found him. Percy, he never really fit in here. Some days I wondered if his only friend was the piano. He would spend hours just running his fingers over the keys instead of running around outside with the other boys. I was truly concerned for many years that his obsession with music would make him socially awkward. But when he called me from his dorm the day he got in, he wasn’t talking about music or the campus. He was talking about the girl he met on the bus. ‘In-A-Hurry’ he called her. He said she was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen and could only hope he would see her again and could get her name,” Mrs. Delano smiled at her. “About a week later he called again saying that her name was Kalli and that she was all together amazing. From that point he called me every two weeks. He never spent much time talking about music or class or Data Venia even. It was always you, Kalli, your fights, your moments, your friendship. The moment you got out of the car I knew it was you,” She smiled sincerely.
“Why are you telling me all this?”
“Because I thought you might want to know just how much my son cares about you. I don’t want you to ever have to wonder how he feels about you. He loves you. never doubt that.”
Kalli didn’t know what to say. Percy had always said he cared about her but maybe he was only telling her part of his true feelings towards her. “Wow.”

 “You two, go back to UA. I have my own business to take care of in this part of the world,” Dragen said. Sasha opened his mouth to suggest they should come with him. “Don’t even think it. You know I must do this on my own,” Dragen said without turning back to them. “I only have one last request,” Dragen pulled the brown envelope out of his jacket. “Give these to the people whose names are printed on the outside of the individual packages. And tell them not to share the contents of their packet with anyone,” He handed Demitri the folder packet.
“As you wish. But are you sure you want to do this? You could die.”
“I have resigned myself to that fate. I must face that man or I can never wish to live truly free. And even if facing him leads to my death, I must try.” He saw the pain in their faces. They were torn by his decision. He knew Sasha had always hoped he would change his mind and Demitri did everything in his power to delay their time in Russia. He knew that whatever happened they would put it upon themselves, justifying that by this moment and if he could fix that he would. The time had come and he would never forgive himself for hurting his friends, but it was sadly the lesser of two evils.

 “Your mom is so awesome,” Kalli was trying to distract herself from the fact she was further above the ground than should be humanly possible.
“Yeah, I think so. I know it’s weird for a teenager to actually like their parent, but I have always thought my mom was pretty cool.”
“You are so lucky you will never meet my mom. She’s so judgmental and she probably wouldn’t approve of the fact that you want to be a professional musician just because you have to be so good to make it big, but you are that good so…”
“Kalli, if you wanted me to meet your mom as a convicted criminal I would do that. If she doesn’t like me--so what? Her loss, you like me. I’m not going to date your mom. That would be would be weird. But, with that said, I would like to meet the woman who gave you life one day,” His ocean blue eyes so sincere. His words were undeniably from the heart.
“I wish you could meet my father. He would have liked you a lot.”
Percy just took her hand and let her lay her head on his shoulder.

***


Chapter twenty-five
Elegy

Masashi,
You probably won’t get this until you return from Japan--I hope you took Lupe this time--by that time I will be long gone, so this is my goodbye to you.
You were the best friend I have ever had and--I’m sure--will ever have again. You “talked” to me when I needed someone and kept quiet at all other times. You were the first person to be there for me. You had faith in me. I know you don’t like my choice to run off like this but I know you are behind me anyway. Just stand by me one last time. God knows I could use the help. I know the danger I face, but I am prepared to face him. And then face Him.
You are my brother in arms, in pain, and in heart. You know by now that I am in love with Kalli. I want you to make sure she is taken care of. If Percy hurts her…beat the snot out of his worthless face. Just make sure she is safe. Help her move on from my death. I know she will try to blame herself. Don’t let her.
Masashi, one last thing: in a few years you need to marry Lupe. She loves you and it’s obvious how much you love her. Graduate, take care of Kalli, and marry Lupe. The rest of your life is yours to decide. Of course I won’t know if you don’t complete my little checklist. I can only hope you will. I trust you will.
Goodbye, Masashi. My first friend and my best friend. If by some miracle I go to Heaven, I will watch over you.
Goodbye,
Dragen Kown

Lovely Lupe,
First I would like to say, what a woman you have become. And, of course, you are dating my best friend. Aren’t you glad now that I refused to join Data Venia without him? Anyway, enough boasting about my own brains. I wanted to say goodbye and I have a few final requests if you don’t mind.
One, make sure Kalli is taken care of. Be her friend. She seems to have lost all the ones she had in America.
Two, don’t let anyone cry for me when I’m gone. Be happy that you can still live free.
And three, here comes the big one: After he graduates, marry Masashi. I know he will ask you. He loves you more than the world. I know you run away from commitment but you two are good together. Don’t run from him. I beg you.
One last thing before I say goodbye for good. Make sure Percy treats Kalli right and keep him out of trouble.
Lupe even though we had our moments of not being able to stand each other, you are a truly decent person. I care about you like my sister (if I had one) so never again say you have no family. We, Data Venia, are your family.
Goodbye,
Dragen Kown

Lupe and Masashi looked at each other, tears in their eyes.
“Dragen requested you not share your letters with anyone and he said he will miss you all. Also, he asked you don’t despair for him,” Sasha said before they had recovered enough to speak.
“So it’s official then?” Lupe asked.
“I imagine we will either get Dragen or news of his death pretty soon now.”
“Let us hope it’s not the latter.”

It had been so long since he had been forced to keep to the shadows in fear of that man. But it wasn’t fear that kept him now, it was patience, patience in the knowledge that soon the deed would be done. He stayed to the back alleys and underground societies. He couldn’t think of how he had come to this. He wasn’t 11 now but even being around these streets made him feel that innocence he used to have. He looked at this world with new eyes. And this world looked at him as a man now. He was respected. He didn’t have to torture to get the information he needed. He asked and the answers came freely. He hated the feeling of being feared but it got the job done and expediency was of the utmost importance. The more time he wasted, the closer that man came to picking him up on his radar. It was time to strike. 

The entire Data Venia was waiting when Kalli and Percy stepped off the plane. “What’s going on?” Percy asked when he saw their distraught faces.
“Dragen…?” Kalli asked, seeing the twins, hoping he was just hoping he was sick or had jet lag or something.
“He has started his journey. But he left you these,” the twins handed Percy a standard letter envelope and Kalli revived a thick envelope with a CD case. “His last request to us was that we ask you not to share the contents of your envelopes, or in Kalli’s case, CD as well.”
“I’ll read it when we get back to campus. I don’t want to break down in the airport,” Kalli said quietly.
“Same,” Percy agreed, though he was curious to what the quietest person in Data Venia had to say to him.

My Dearest Kalli,
You are probably curious as to why you are the only one who received a disc with your goodbye letter. The reason is I wanted to show you how I feel about you (As if the airport wasn’t enough. Sorry about that by the way) so I did some music searches. I found a lot of songs that reminded me of you, but I wrote one which is all yours. I wrote it for you. It’s simple but I tried to write it from my heart.
Speaking of my heart, it’s yours. Where I’m going I won’t need it so I’m leaving it with you for safe keeping. I love you. But should the time the time arise: I want you marry Percy. I don’t know how, but you two were obviously meant to be together. He loves you and although you hide it I know you love him too.
One last thing darling--don’t cry over me. Don’t you dare shed a single, precious tear over me. Your smile is beautiful, wear it always, it lights up those caramel eyes you have.
I wish I could see you just once more, but unfortunately that is not possible without putting you in danger. So this is my last goodbye to you, I hope, because this hurts like hell.
Goodbye my love,
Dragen Kown
P.S. I included my journals from Russia for you. I don’t know if you want to read them. I’m leaving that up to you. It’s your choice.

Kalli was sobbing by the end of the letter. She flipped the CD case over, it read:
Just for you – Dragen Kown
Kalli had never heard Dragen sing before. No wonder why he was in Data Venia. His voice was sweeter then Masashi’s and it was obvious by the sounds coming from his guitar that his technique was amazing. The track that really took the air out of Kalli’s lungs. While simplistic, it was amazing. It was a man telling his lover that everything he ever did was for her. Kalli went to sleep listening and crying to Dragen’s voice on repeat in Lupe’s CD player.

After reading his letter Percy was left more confused than ever.
“How many days has it been?”
“I’m sorry?” The twins were the only ones who seemed even close to normal.
“Since Dragen got on the plane to Romania, how long has it been?” Percy clarified.
“Oh. Let’s see. It was the same day we left from Russia and we had an overnight plane. We had to wait,” They thought. “Four days until Lupe and Masashi came back, which was the day before yesterday and you and Kalli came in today so...it has been a week?”

“And if he’s...gone...how long before we know?”
“Probably once the university knows. When who know how soon the Romanian government will tell them, but we imagine we will know within a month.”
“How soon do you think the deed will be done?”
“I bet it’s already over. Dragen knew where his father was. He won’t put it off. He’ll get it done as fast as possible,” Masashi said hanging his coat on the chair, his eyes swollen. He had been crying lately. They all had been but Masashi was too proud to allow others to see him.
“So now we play the waiting game?” Percy asked. He was amazed at how calm they all were about this.
“I’m afraid so. There’s not much else we can do. Dragen made a point of not letting anyone even know what part of Romania he was headed to. And none of us know who his father is. We don’t even know his name,” Masashi said quietly. “He was very careful not to be followed by anyone.”
“Well--well that just--just sucks!”

School started up again the following week without much event. Everyone in Data Venia had given each other space to mourn even though the news was not official.
The intercom at UA was old, crackly, and fuzzy. It started with a crack, “*Choosh* would all members of Data Venia please come to office building A. *Choosh*”
Kalli could tell the entire campus was silent. Word had gotten out that a member of Data Venia was missing; everyone knew what news awaited them in office building A.
“Miss. Hardford, Mr. Delano, you are excused,” The piano teacher said after a few moments of silence.
Kalli felt herself being pulled from her chair. Percy’s kind hand found hers when they reached the hallway. He had to half-drag her into the sickly warm office building. It smelled like coffee. A kind-faced woman walked them through the building to a small back room that was brightly lit. Everyone else was already there. Masashi and Lupe were holding hands, their faces pale. The twins were talking calm words to each other but they were obviously afraid of what could be.
The door opened again, a young man walked in; his face was hidden by long black hair. “Dragen!” Kalli screamed in delight. But the hair moved to show the man was not Dragen Kown.
“I am afraid not, miss. My name is Stefan,” His accent was the same as Dragen’s. “I am regretful to tell you, but your classmate is dead,” His voice did not sound regretful. Kalli and Demitri broke down to the floor. “I am sorry for your loss,” The man started to leave the way he came in.
“Wait. Was there a second body? An older man?” Masashi asked desperately, his eyes turning a milky red.
“I am unsure. I was only told the student was killed. I am sorry,” The man left the room quickly without another word.
Data Venia sat in silence for several moments. Everyone was crying too hard to speak.
Lupe finally got a hold on herself. “Everyone stop. Dragen wouldn’t have wanted this, us spending hours crying. He would have wanted us to get back out there and show this campus what we’ve got.”
Masashi his face with his jacket sleeve. “Lupe's right. He didn’t want anyone to cry for him. He did what he felt he had to. Now we have to do the same. For Dragen.”
“For Dragen,” The words echoed throughout the small room.

The ‘no crying’ plan didn’t last long. Each member had to excuse themselves from classes for weeks before could go a day without someone breaking down. Percy made his tea for every member which helped slightly. A week and a half passed before the funeral. Each member spoke but Demitri and Masashi’s were the most heart wrenching.
“You saved my life. You were there when I needed you to be and you still scare the crap out of me.” Demitri gave a half-hearted smile. “Thank you for all that you did for me and Sasha, we are eternally grateful. You never spoke much, but when you did we listened. You told me once that bravery doesn’t make a person, their decisions and relationships do. Take your own advice, would you? You taught me how to be a man and how to set aside my pride for those I love. I learned too late how great of a friend you are, but all the same, love you, man. Rest in peace.”
“Dragen was my best friend, my brother, my dad, my partner in crime, my classmate, my confidante, my son, my shrink,” Masashi laughed through the tears running down his face, “And he was an amazing artist. He had the biggest heart I had ever seen in action. He wore it on his sleeve, as hard as that is to believe. He often called Data Venia his family. He never shared with people much, but he kept people close to his heart even if he told them they didn’t matter to him. It mourns me that such an amazing person had to die. Goodbye Dragen. You will truly be missed by all. And I say this with the greatest love in my heart: screw you, bastard, for leaving all of us down here without you. But we understand. Rest in peace, my friend.”

***


Chapter twenty-six
Espressivo

“I hope you will enjoy this, Luke, seeing my program lose a terrific artist,” Thomas glared at the other administrator. “I hope you’re happy. After all these years, you finally got what you wanted. Every one of the Data Venia members are miserable tonight for one reason or another and it’s partially your fault.”
“I did what I thought was right.”
“No. You acted because you have some stupid competition with yourself on who can be the bigger jerk, you or you. Don’t even try to play this off like it was for the better good because it was selfish and you know it. Percival and Kallison are two of the most talented pianists I have ever had the pleasure of hearing. I don’t know if Kalli can do without Percy so I hope for your sake that the board rules in my favor because losing them both might just make me turn in my resignation.”
“Don’t be dramatic.”
“Just warning you so you know what’s coming.”

Kalli regulated her breaths and stretched her hands, and then they were taken from her and given kisses. “Calm down, gorgeous. You’ll be great,” It was like Percy had never had stage fright. She took her hands out of his. It had been so difficult to keep him at bay since they got back from France. He had been so kind until after the funeral. He gave her time to mourn. But he never gave her time to think. 
“I can’t, Percy.”
“Sure you can. Breathe in and out.”
“No, not that, the performance will be what it will be. I mean, I can’t do this. If I continue with you forever, I will never know if I’m with you because it’s right for me or because of my guilt over Dragen. I will never know if I even would have been with him had he not passed away. May he rest in peace.”
“Are you saying…that you don’t want to be with me?”
“I’m saying I don’t know,” He looked like a puppy that had been kicked. “Percy--“
“Miss Hardford? You’re up. The stage is yours.”
She nodded and looked back at him. “Percy…”
“Break a leg, Kalli. Don’t worry, I’ll be here when you get back. We’ll talk then,” His words claimed he was fine, but the prideful wall over his eyes said differently.

Kalli found herself glad that she had practiced so much and she could use her energy to suppress her mind from wondering. 

Percy and Kalli decided to take a small break from being a couple so that Kalli could figure herself out. Percy tried his best to be a gentleman but grew uneasy over the weeks that past. 
“Well done,” he said to her one day at lunch.
“Pardon?” 
“You beat me. I figured you would have heard by now. They posted the results from the final performance. You got number one and I followed by exactly one point. Well done.”
“Did I really? Thank you, Percy, for telling me. And if I may say you were a worthy opponent.”
He crossed his arms. “I had better be. Because you and me, Hardford. We are going head to head for the next four years. I talked to Mr. L. He was trying to scare us. I was right. We’re both coming back, assuming you will.”
“If I can,” she still couldn’t tell how she felt and wasn’t over her guilt from losing Dragen yet. She couldn’t shake him.

“Can I help you, Luke?” Mr. Allen looked up from his food. “You aren’t normally one to strut about the student’s cafeteria in the middle of the afternoon on the wrong side of campus, so I can only assume you wish to speak with me.”
“I…I owe you an apology, Thomas. Especially after the way I treated you at our last meeting.”
“Yes, yes you do. But might I ask what set it off?”
“I saw your star pupils perform at the…the…”
“Exhibition?”
“Yes! That’s the word! And, though I have no ear for music, they were brilliant.”
Thomas rubbed his chin. “Yes, yes they were. Though, you are preaching to the choir. Who you should really tell are those kids. They work very hard.”
“I can see the progress. So, I’m sorry for acting like a jealous sod.”
Thomas laughed. “You are forgiven, old friend. And, it doesn’t really affect me, but I know those kids would appreciate you congratulating them on their performance.”
“I’ll keep that in mind if I get the chance.”
“Good man.”

A knock on the dorm door resonated on the empty walls. Kalli opened it. “Masashi, I didn’t expect you. I’m afraid Lupe has already left for the airport.”
“I know, I saw her off. I came to speak to you,” Her brows furrowed. “Don’t worry. You’re not in trouble. I came to hopefully clear your mind and help you. I promised I wouldn’t but, I must get involved,” she nodded and opened the door wider so he could come into the nearly empty room. “Where do you plan to go?” She couldn’t look at him. “Kalli, answer me.”
“I don’t know,” She looked up at him, defiance in her eyes. It didn’t last long, it gave into fear and she looked away. “You said you came to clear my mind, Masashi. So please, have at it.”
“He would want you to be happy. He told me this would happen in his letter. And I imagine he told you to move on in some way,” She nodded. “Then why haven’t you?”
“Because I can’t stand it, this not knowing if we would have been together had he stayed. Had I asked him to stay….” She trailed off. “Oh!” Her hand went to her face and her body shook and convulsed as she sobbed. Masashi wrapped his arms around her.
“He had to go. You know he had to go and yet you torture yourself and others because of what might have been?” Masashi asked. “Tell me, Kalli, do you deserve this? Does he deserve this? Does Percy deserve this?” He pulled her chin up so she had to look at him. “Respect Dragen’s final wishes and be happy. I don’t know if that’s with Percy or not, but you can’t just leave the man hanging. You seem to think that if you cut yourself off as you always do when you are upset. You think you are only hurting yourself. But, my dear, I hate to tell you that it is quite different.”
“I’m sorry. I don’t mean to be selfish.”
“I know, which is why I tell you this now. Percy has not yet left for the airport. I don’t know if that affects your decisions,” Masashi hugged her. “Be safe, Kalli. Call if you need me. Please call. You are welcome to stay in Japan should you need a place. And you won’t be the only one, Lupe plans to only stay in Spain until her orders are in place then she is moving in with me and my family. So let me know and I’ll book the plane.”
“Thank you, Masashi.”

Kalli finished packing, putting her dress from the beginning of the year on a hanger. She wasn’t willing to wrinkle it until she had an idea of where she was going. Despite the one time she wore it being a relatively miserable night, she loved that dress and everything it meant to her.
Another knock came to the door. “Goodness I’m popular today,” She opened the door and there he was, smiling like always, like he had never been wounded. Such a gift he had. 
“Good morning.” 
“Hey, Percy. Come on in,” He nodded and ducked through the doorway. He must have grown three inches over the year. 
“Well, I actually just came to say goodbye. I’m leaving for the airport in about an hour,” He put his hands in his back pockets, a habit he picked up from Sasha and Demitri for when he was uncomfortable. Kalli wasn’t really sure what to respond to that. He was headed home to his mother in France and that was it. 
“Say hi to your mom for me.”
He nodded. “I will,” He rocked back and forth on his heels. “So…”
“So…Lupe is moving in with Masashi.”
“Oh? Well that’s nice. I bet they’ll like that. Getting to spend time together and such,” He trailed off. “Well, anyway, I’ll catch you around, Kalli Hardford.”
“Wait, Percy.”
“Yeah?”
“I’m sorry. For everything.”
He shook his head. “Nothing to be sorry for, sweetheart,” A slight bit of softness came back into his eyes. “How are you?”
She laughed. “You are too good to me. I’m alright. Masashi helped me see some sense this morning.”
“I know. He told me about it,” He said. “You know, I thought you would have told me.” 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“All you had to do was ask. I think you know I wouldn’t deny you,” He crossed his arms over his chest.
“And I think you know I couldn’t ask that of you,” She said. She didn’t want to be a pest and ask to stay with him over the summer.
“You’re right,” He said. She nodded as a thank you. “So, how about it?”
“How about what?” She questioned. He narrowed his gaze. “Percy, I’ll figure it out. I’ll be fine.”
He took her hand. “Come stay with me and my mother for the summer while you figure it out. Let me ensure that you will be fine.”
“On one condition.”
“Let’s hear it.”
“Might I have a second chance at your heart? Might we take time to really get to know each other?”
“Gladly given,” He smiled at her and picked up her bag. “Come on, In-A-Hurry. We have a bus to catch.”

***


Chapter twenty-seven
Encore

Four years later:

Masashi grabbed Percy’s arm before he could get on the plane. “Three days. Don’t forget.”
“I won’t if you don’t. Don’t make me look like a fool,” Masashi cussed under his breath.
“Percy? Are you coming? I thought I was the one who’s afraid of flying,” Kalli laughed.
Percy smiled. “I’m coming of course, darling. I was just saying goodbye to my old roommate. We aren’t like you girls, saying goodbye before you leave the room,” Percy said mockingly.
“We will see them again soon, silly,” Kalli threw right back, smiling brightly.
“But, Kalli, you have to call me every night,” Lupe said suddenly running to hug Kalli. She graduated three years ago but she still came back most weekends to visit and work with the professors.
“Every night? Fine but it might be at four in the morning your time.”
“You know I don’t sleep,” Lupe smiled; it was true, Lupe lived on a nocturnal schedule now. “Now come along, Masashi. We have our own plane to catch.”
“Alright,” Masashi hugged Kalli and shook Percy’s hand saying. “Don’t forget me.”
“Never.”

The plane landed in France and Kalli ran out of the car into Percy mom’s arms. “Oh, Kalli, it’s always a joy to see you. And where is my darling son?” Percy came up and Kalli stepped aside so he could hug her. “Oh, my boy. Is this you? My, how you have grown--a foot, at least--since I last saw you. You must need to come by more often.”
“Just three inches mom,” Percy said smiling. “Now, I must apologize. I have to run some errands to run in town. I should be back before sundown. I’m sorry. I know we just got here, but this will give you two to catch up and gossip like you like to without me listening in.”
“Going to see your other girlfriend?” Kalli asked, cocking her head.
“Naturally,” Percy smiling and stealing a kiss from her lips. “I’ll be back my darling.”
“I’ll miss you,” She whispered.
“I already do.”

The next few days passed quickly, full of laughter and celebration of Kalli and Percy finishing their fourth year at UA.
“Hey, I thought tonight we would watch your favorite,” Percy said holding up a copy of The Phantom of the Opera.
“Sounds great! It’s kind of odd that it’s my favorite considering how depressed I was the first time I saw it. It’s a good memory to me,” Kalli thought of that night. The twins picking her up at the dorm dressed to the nines. She missed them. She hadn't seen them in months. Dragen showing up--she still missed him. It had been years but it was still hard without him. But just like he had wanted, she was trying to move on with her life.
A few hours later, Kalli was sitting against Percy’s chest. His arm was draped over her stomach, his long legs on either side of her. She was slouched against him, one knee bent one straight. They always watched movies in this position because neither of them had to shift to get comfortable.
The movie was as it always had been. Kalli cried a little when the Phantom killed someone. Rauel and Christine escaped to the roof. Kalli’s favorite love song began--All I Ask of You.
Percy began singing the lyrics in her ear, his overgrown black hair brushing against her ear. She sang back to him, and then the climax of the song came. Percy shifted slightly. He was pulling something out of his pocket. “That’s all I ask of,” He sang putting a small black box on her raised knee, popping it open on “you.”
“Oh my,” Kalli gasped at the diamond ring. “Say you’ll share with me one love, one lifetime. Say the word and I will follow you,” She answered, following the song. He swept down and kissed her lips while pulling the ring out of the box. She offered her left hand and he slid it on. It was a perfect fit.
“I love you, Kalli Hardford.”
“And I love you, Percy Delano. Forever, now, yesterday, tomorrow, and always.”

“Lupe--Pick up!”
“He…Hello?” Lupe answered a little out of breath. What was she doing?
“Percy just proposed to me!"
“I know. He and Masashi planned it.”
“You’re kidding! Those sly dogs…” Kalli glanced at Percy who was grinning ear to ear.
“I think they were hoping we would have a double wedding after you and Percy graduate.”
“Yes! Lupe, will you and Masashi have a double wedding with Percy and me?”
“One moment. Let me ask him,” She covered the phone to ask Masashi. “We would love to! Oh, Kalli, I’m so happy! I want to see your ring. I’m sure Percy has exquisite taste so I’m curious. The one Masashi got is a-mazing.” She said lengthening the ‘a’.
Kalli and Lupe talked for hours and then handed the phones over to the boys so they could congratulate each other like boys do.

A few months later:
“Congratulations, partner.”
“Tyler!” Kalli hugged him. They had continued their tennis team up every year since freshman year. He was her closest friend outside of Data Venia, which as fifth years was now her and Percy’s responsibility. “You’re here early. Usually you wait until the last minute to show up.” 
He shrugged. “It’s my last year, might as well make it count.”
“I know it’s hard to believe. Go us.” 
“I swear it was just yesterday that you ran off that dance floor,” She remembered back to that, he was so different then, but everyone had changed so much over the years. Well, except the twins, they still pulled their old crap, just in the adult world. Sasha had gotten better at making his own moves mostly because Demitri was never the same after Dragen. Kalli found that her experience at UA became defined by that. Before Dragen and after Dragen.
“That was a lifetime ago. Or feels like it anyway.”
“So, I heard the good news. Score!” He gave her a fist pump. She laughed
“Thanks, Ty.”
“It was always him. Wasn’t it?” There was sadness in his voice. A sort of defeat she couldn’t place. She couldn’t answer. “So, I heard it was a double wedding, so I’m assuming that’s either both the twins marrying each other or Lupe and Masashi finally getting it done.” 
“Definitely the twins,” She laughed. “No, Lupe is actually doing most of the planning considering how opinionated she is and that I’m in school.” She smiled. “You’re invited, you know.”
He looked shocked. “Am I now? Well, that’s nice. Do I get to kiss the bride?” She didn’t know how to respond. He patted her back. “It’s a joke, sweetie. Get me the details and I’ll see what I can do.” 
“Will do,” She said. “Well, I have to go stalk the first years to find out if any of them are any good.”
“Better you than me,” He laughed. He always had an easy laugh; an easy smile. He knew all the crap of the world but he always found ways to smile for her. “Oh, Kalls.”
“Yup?”
“Take care, okay? Make sure he takes care of you. You let me know if there is ever a problem, okay?” She nodded. “Oh, and give your fiancée my regards.”
“He still has a name.”
“Still don’t care.”

Exactly one year later:

“Oh, Lupe. You look beautiful. Look at you!” Kalli said holding her in front of the full length mirror.
“Are you kidding? Look at you! Who would have thought that scared little freshman that walked into my dorm room almost six years ago would turn into the woman I see today. A blushing bride, off to marry the very guy that she didn’t even want to give her name to, much less her heart. Look how far you have come. Look in that mirror, Kalli. You are the second most gorgeous bride I have ever seen.”
“Second?” After all Lupe had said, she was surprised.
“To me of course!” Lupe smiled. Nothing had changed in six years.
“Five minutes, ladies,” The building manager said loudly, only cracking the door slightly.
“Come on. Let’s go meet our futures,” Kalli said linking her arm in Lupe’s.
The manager poised them both on separate walks so they could walk alone first then together at the center of the aisles.
The large doors opened and Kalli and Lupe walked and hooked arms again, only then facing the alter of the church. Lupe saw Masashi and his best men Sasha and Demitri.
Percy had been very secretive as of who his best man was. He only said he was an old friend of his. She looked down the aisle to see her husband-to-be smiling at her. There was a second man. He seemed so familiar but she couldn’t quite place him until she reached Percy, handing her bouquet to her maid of honor, a younger member of Data Venia. Percy smiled and nodded to his best man. “Hey, Kalli,” Kalli’s hand flew to her mouth. “It’s me Kalli, and I’m no illusion. I’m here and I’m as real as how beautiful you look today,” Out of the corner of her eye she saw Demitri jump but Sasha held him back. He and Kalli needed the moment.
“But...but you died Dragen. We had a funeral. How are you here?” She hugged him, confirming he was real. He had chopped off all his hair, but he smelled the same.
“I’ll explain later. For the right now you need to get married to this young man right here,” He said, laughing and pulling Percy in front of him.
“Did you know about this?” Kalli asked Percy under her breath.
“Of course I did. I asked him to be my best man,” Percy said with a smile. “I will explain everything at the reception, for now let’s get married.”
Kalli agreed and put her heart and soul into the vows. They both said “I do,” and she and Lupe kissed their grooms like they had never kissed them before.
“I’m sorry. Can we re-do the kiss? I had a pair of identical twins in my shot,” the camera man sighed.
The twins were smiling widely. “We want a copy of that picture!” Masashi slapped them both upside the head and everyone re-did the wedding kiss for the picture.
All the guests moved to the reception area but the members of the old Group stayed by the alter.
“Dragen!” They all screamed jumping on him before shooting off questions.
“If everyone will stop talking for a few minutes I will tell the entire story,” Dragen interrupted and even the twins silenced. “Thank you. Ok, I’m not dead, obviously. I had to pretend to be because I did indeed kill my father. I wrote each of you in case I didn’t make it. All of you except Percy. His letter said I would write him if I was still alive and not to share this information with anyone. So about three weeks after my ‘death’ I wrote him and we have been writing ever since. About a year ago he asked me if I would be his best man at his wedding. So I agreed and he sent me a wedding invite. Which, by the way, Lupe, was gorgeous. I could tell it was your handiwork,” Lupe smiled and blushed. “So here I am six or seven years later and I think I’m safe to come out of hiding.”
“But a man came to tell us you were dead. He looked really official,” Kalli said.
“That was Stefan, the leader of the band I used to drive for, and possibly my greatest inspiration. He came to tell you as a favor to me. He looks the best in a suit,” Kalli looked like she might cry. “I’m sorry.”
Data Venia got into a large group hug around him. The reception went wonderfully but, for some reason, the camera man was having a hard time keeping the twins out of his shot.

***


Epilogue 
Coda
Two years later:

Dear Diary,
Life is amazing. Today is my and Percy’s second wedding anniversary so thought it would be a good day to update on life.
Percy and I have successfully become a professional piano duet group. We mostly work in Europe but last year we had a tour in America. On the California stop Mom and Drake came. Percy personally threw Drake out of the concert (which was freaking hilarious by the way. I gave him a kiss for it) but we invited mom backstage after the show. She said she was sorry and blah, blah, blah. The point is that my mom and I are back on speaking terms which I’ll admit is kind of nice. I missed her, as much as she frustrates me at times.
I talked to Lupe last week. The band is doing well. Masashi, Sasha, Demitri, Dragen and of course Lupe went on to form a band. Percy and I naturally get signed copies of every album and occasionally feature in songs.  
So life is good. Percy is taking me to my favorite restaurant tonight so I need to go get ready. I think tonight is the best night to tell him: I’m expecting.
Kalli Hardford

###


Thanks for reading!

About the author:
Caitlyn lives in Texas with her family and dog. This is her first novel.

Connect with me online:
Tell me how you heard about this book!
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Caitlyn_Bogart
Email: readcaitlyn@gmail.com
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/CaitlynBogart
Blog: http://caitlynbogart.wordpress.com/
	

Acknowledgments 
So many people were involved in supporting me during this project and without them, this would have just been a stack of papers on my shelf
A million thanks and kudos to Sharon Eiben for designing the cover with so much patience for my antics. Photo credit: Brad Walsh for the building. Sharon Eiben for the music.
Thank you to my beautiful editors and beta-readers: Diane Boone, Lesley Cobb, and Lori Cummings 
To all of those who listened to me ramble all these years about these crazy characters I me, thank you for listening and not sending me to the nut-house. To all my friends: you inspire me to write these crazy characters. There are so many of you but specifically thank you to Marlie Arnell for begging to read chapter after chapter from the very beginning of my first novel back in 6th grade. You made me keep going when I wanted to quit so many times in the years since. And thank you, Sarah Wright and Jamie Royster for always having suggestions of where the story should go next (some of those crazy idea actually got published)
I would be nothing without my family. You all get me through this crazy world. And I will always love all of you. You remind me to chase my dreams and teach me how to achieve them.
Thank you to Amy May and Michelle Lindsay: you taught me that English could be fun in classroom, not just in my head. I am always learning something new from each of you and every day you solidify my career choice.
This project would not have been possible without the excellent guidance and mentorship of Rosemary Clement-Moore and Russell C. Conner who got me through the writing stages, editing portion, and onto publication with grace
My knowledge of music is devoted to the amazing band directors I have had over the years: Margo Strull, Mark Connaway, Matt Holm, Glenn Lambert, and lesson teacher Cami Jerez. A special thanks to Paul Heuer. You taught me to love music again and realize just how inspiring and powerful playing an instrument can be.
