Having a Summer Lark, A mystery Afoot
By  Rowlen Delaware Vanderstone III 
Copyright 7/26/2020 Rowlen Delaware Vanderstone III
Smashword Edition
 License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Other works may be priced for purchase or offered free and may have limitations to reproduction without Author’s permission or may need additional purchase from your ebook retailer.


Welcome to a Contemporary Tale of a Rite of Passage for Boys who love “Wild and Woolley Adventures.  A Rite of Passage  marks the  important stages in someone’s life, especially a birth, puberty, marriage, and death. A cycle we all go through from birth, to Adulthood, to Death, and the next generation starts that cycle.  This is a fictional novel that depicts the state of adolescence and the rites of passage that lead to adulthood. This is the first of a Five-book series where we reveal the “Rite of Passage” beginning with 5 youths and their Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club, and the Adventures that lead them to Adulthood.


Chapter One
“A lighthearted Fun”


Now for those of you who remember their youthful days in the summer sun, may recall having carefree days having fun.  In Grand Apple Valley Junction, school is out for the summer and our story starts with Five young teen boys known as “The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club”.   Those faithful friends who have stuck together through thick and thin since the 3rd grade. Have gathered together to discuss what they are going to do this summer to have fun.  They have all agreed to meet on the river flats just north of town where they have spent most of their free time when not in school or stuck at home with chores and those dreaded homework assignments.  They been waiting since spring break for school to end so they can begin those idle summer days fishing on the river Grand, or swimming down at the old mill pond. This year will be different.  This year, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club have reached the glories ages of 13, and 14.  As agreed by all their parents, they are now old enough for more summer liberty as long as their summer chores are done, and their grades were fairly passing.  This meant more fishing, swimming, day hikes, and sleepovers, and as promised one week of overnight camping in the woods off Jimmy’s Grandfather’s farm 4 miles out of town. Without immediate supervision. Of course, there is the local movie house, summer baseball, and the Annual Fourth of July festival, the high light of any boy’s summer.  After the Fourth was when the boys where going to take their week for camping as it would be the hottest time of the summer, and a week out in the woods would be a cool way to have some lighthearted Fun.
Now Jimmy as he was known by his friends, is James Walker and lived with his windowed Mother and an older sister Terri, who run a Room and Board Inn in town known as the Walker Inn.  He had just turned 14 in March and his Mother promised him he could stay with his Grandfather in the country for that special week.  Jimmy was one of the smartest kids in school with a level head on his shoulders. With his 5 feet 3 inches, curly red hair, freckles, and Green eyes, he was the second tallest boy among his friends. An avid reader, given his liking for knowledge he was your go to guy for tutoring and solving problems when it came to knowing everything under the sun. Some of his friends wanted to nickname him Jimmy Cyclopedia, after the Britannica Encyclopedia he cherished from his late Father’s library at the Inn.  But Jimmy would not have it. No nicknames for him, even if he was the smartest kid in town.  This was what endured him, his friends to be loyal chums. Jimmy did not have a swell head in his body and a healthy ego to boot.  Jimmy’s Grandfather Tom had a sheep farm nestled in a green valley where the river from town flowed though.  It was there that the boys where going to camp out, on a large hill overlooking the valley and the river. It was far enough away from the Farmhouse to give the boys some uninterrupted fun, yet close enough to barn  in case of foul weather for shelter.  The boys have camped out there before with Jimmy’s Grandfather supervising an over-night stay.  There was a large plot of old wood on to one side of the valley that was a part of Jimmy’s own inheritance from his Father.  His Grandfather Tom’s only Son killed in a freak accident while on a business trip when Jimmy was just 4 years old.  Grandfather and Grandson where tightly knitted together as was his Sister and Mother.
Now as you know, with any groups of friends there is always a pairing of friends among friends. Jimmy’s best bud was Roger Wilks, the same age as Jimmy.  They first met in the 3rd grade when Roger’s family moved into town, his Father just hired to run the local library.  The two did not hit it off at first, despite Jimmy’s interests, and Roger’s Father running the library.  Roger was at first taller than Jimmy when they first met. At first Roger had a chip on his shoulder, having moved from the big city, and giving up his friends back there and moving into a hick town as he put it with nothing to do.  Jimmy was not one to take no for an answer to his out reached hand of friendship.  After a few bumpy weeks, and a run in with the school bully who decided the new kid had a bull’s eye target on his back. Jimmy, though smaller stepped in and sent the bully packing with a blackeye.   Ever since then Jimmy and Roger have been inseparable, like brother pea’s in a pod. Now Roger is an average boy, as average goes, dark hair, brown eyes, and a Germanic heritage on his Father’s side with a stocky built and room to grow. His Mother a Tennessean from Greenville, and a devote Baptist the daughter of a Preacher.  His Father a college educated man in Library sciences and Administration. Hence the head librarian in town. His parents met at a bible tent meeting and the rest as they say is history.  Roger, like Jimmy has an older sister Susy, who is now a good friend of Terri, Jimmy’s sister. The two boys when not together have their own interests, Roger in sports, and Jimmy in his education and books.  Roger was becoming an excellent Football quarterback in the Junior High league and a good pitcher in the baseball league.  
There are three other young teens in this group of boys.  Charley Capp, and Roy Capp just turned 13.  If there were ever a set of twins so unalike it was these two.  Let me count the difference between them.  Charley, at 13 was a bit tall for his age, as tall as Jimmy, a slim green bean of a boy with curly blond hair that was always getting into his eyes.  His eyes where a light blue merriment of mischief with a smile that could lure a skunk into your lap without a bit of stink.  Now, Roy, the opposite of Charley, had a huge voice that would put a kettle drum to shame. He was small for his age, and a bit round in the middle yet to outgrow his last baby fat. Like his twin he had curly hair, just a bit darker what you call dirty blond.  His eyes where a dark blue to match his voice which would soon crack given his age. Charly’s voice started cracking a few weeks ago. The Capp Twins being so opposite in nature and temperament were tied together with the same umbilical cord in everything they did.  
Their Father was the local county sheriff, a man of no nonsense, an elected official who was a retired FBI Agent. He loved his twins just as equal has he did his job and his duty to the people who elected him. The Twins Mother was the local Pediatrician who took over her late Father’s practice.  With both parents’ professionals and working long hours.  The Twins Great Aunt Nellie McKelly was the main housekeeper, nanny, and all-around good friend of the twins.  She was somewhat of a Tom boy herself, with a colorful past that many still talk about behind the twins back.  Of the course the twins, have the dirt first hand from Aunt Nellie, who at the drop of a pin, would tell the twins, and there buddies some hair-raising stories of her escapades around the world as a young lady of wealth, with no meaning of the word “A young Lady just don’t do those things.”  Of course, many of young ladies today would be envious of Aunt Nellies wild streak.  Something the twins have inherited from her, to their parent’s dismay.  All in all, the Capp family was a staple of respectability in Grand Apple Valley Junction. Something the twins where trying hard to fog the notion of what is respectable. Yet, still on the good side of the law and their Father.  Boys will be boys, as Sheriff Capp would tell his wife and look at Aunt Nellie with a suspicious grin.
Our fifth and last boy, is Dennis McKelly, nicknamed Denny the Menace after a favorite cartoon character. He is the Twins cousin, on their Mother’s side.  Dennis is a likable lad, moody at times, and shy among strangers.  He stands in height between his Twin cousins Charley and Roy Capp, with a full head of Irish red hair, freckles from head to toe, with Green eyes like his Aunt Nellie, his guardian. The twins have gathered the boy under their wings, guiding him through some awkward times in adjusting to a small city life.  Like, Roger, he is a transplant from a bigger city.  Coming to Grand Apple Valley Junction 9 years ago.  He is a five months older than the twins, with a bland expression on his face most the times. But when in the trusted company of his cousins and friends.  That face can shine bright.  
Denny is an Autistic child, having a high functioning Spectrum of Autism, with a savant talent that he can look once at a technological diagram and build whatever it depicts. The boy is great at reverse engineering anything he can get his hands on.  His verbal skills are highly technical if not along the lines of an absent-minded scientist who often forgets to speak in plain terms when describing something technical.  However, his mood changes often, when confounded by a problem he cannot solve right away and slips into a non-communicating state for hours or days until he solves the problem.  Many times, the twins have had to make sure he eats, goes to bed, and take his toiletry. Though these times are often and short, rarely long, he can go for long times without an episode. When they do happen the twins and their friends have to be patient with Denny and to make sure he does not harm himself.  New Medication is helping him cope with his challenges.
As a rule, Denny prefers, to stay in his room, or in his workshop in the Attic and not be a bother.  Aunt Nellie who is Denny’s legal Guardian after the boy was abandoned by his single Mother, Aunt Nellie’s grandniece, who was unable to cope with his disabilities. Aunt Nellie insists that Denny gets out as often as possible to hang around with the twins and their friends.  In most cases Denny can spend hours if not days, chumming around as one of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club members, without any setbacks.  All in all, the five boys are loyal to each other, having each other’s back, and as a group, respected as upright teens of Grand Apple Valley Junction.
Now, the Grand Apple Valley Junction is a small town of just under 4,000 residents within its city limits. incorporated as a legal city a few years back.  As a rural area, largely farmland, it has a much larger rural population and the local school system is a conglomerate of city youths, and farm youths, given you the impression that Grand Apple Valley Junction is a much larger city.  Grand Apple Valley Junction is nestled in a valley where two rivers flow throw it.  The largest is the Apple River that flows right through the town, and the smaller river the Grand that flows into the Apple River in  town.  Now you might ask where the name “Apple River”, came from.  The story has it, that Johnny Apple Seed planted quite a few Apple seeds in the valley that lined the large river. To this day many old Apple trees remain given the earlier settlers to name the valley, Apple River Valley.  Later, the smaller river as a jest, was named the Grand, when the original village was incorporated. The new name they gave it, rolled off the tongue easily, Grand Apple Valley Junction, where two rivers meet together.  When the village grew and was incorporated as a City with a city major and city council, the name stood the same.  
Now you can imagine with two rivers flowing through the valley, Grand Apple Valley Junction would be a fine place for boys to live.  Well, you would be right.  Summer days are a paradise when chores are done, and a boy or girl could enjoy the fine weather outdoors with baseball, tennis, boating, swimming, and the local movie house.  There was a pharmacy with a soda fountain counter.  A fine library built by Carnegie funds. Wooded trails for hiking on for adventurous children.  Inner tubing down either river, fishing in the day, dip netting at night.  Even the winter months had a baseball field flooded and frozen for an ice skate rink.  For an early 21st century community it had much to often its youth and adults alike. Many a youth might say it reminded them of Mark Twain’s adventures of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn rafting down the river just for fun. Growing up for many a boy in Grand Apple Valley Junction was just that, an adventure, and for five boys it was “A Mystery Afoot”, summer days have begun.
As our band of five met that morning to plan out their summer, if they had known what was to come, they may have not been so cheerful and eager to begin their “Lighthearted Fun” in the sun.  Jimmy and Roger, where the first to arrive at the meeting place, where the boys often met on the flood plains of the Apple River.  It was a secluded hammock of earth built up over the years from ice flows pushing up the riverbank, dislodging rock and turf until it built up a considerable earthen embankment a hundred feet from the river.  Between the Hammock and the river proper a grove of sturdy tree’s offered a cool spot away from the summer heat.  Each year’s ice melt and spring flooding kept the ground bare of nettles and troublesome weeds.  Here on private Capp property was a boat house built up on stilts where a County Sheriff rescue boat was kept, along with the Twins canoe and a small rowboat for fishing.  Around the boat house was a screened in deck where the boys spent much of their summertime in.  
The river route to the hammock was a half mile along down the river north outside of town.  The path to it was hidden among the tall seasonal grasses that grew on the flats to shoulder height and taller each spring well into the fall, when the first frost would yellow the grass.  The Capp twins, and Denny lived above the flats and had their own private path leading off the back yard down to the flats on property owned by Aunt Nellie, right down to the river.  The Three boys were usually the last to arrive having the shortest distance to go. A fence line divided the private property from the public lands of the flats on one side, and a fence on the other side where the river took a bend around the private property.  Here the rive began its course into its ancient riverbed with high embankments on each side of the river.  The private property lead right down to the river, and across the river these embankments rose up to a hundred feet or more to forested lands. 
Jimmy, and Roger, Roger living south of town, Jimmy downtown at the Walker Inn, always left early for their annual summer meeting at the boat house, just as the sun was peeking out over the valley.  Jimmy and Roger by  always arrived earlier to scout out the public path they took and to see that no-one else was on the flats or following them that early.  They would cross the fence, reset the alarm system at the fence line where the public path would turn to the riverbank, which would alert them if anyone were coming down that same path and tried to cross the fence into the Capp’s private property. Denny had devised a clever system that was powered by a hidden solar panel, that when the fence was touched by a human hand, a personal alarm would go off in the boat house. Other alarms system where set at the boat house by Sheriff Capp to protect the county rescue boat.  But was turned off by the twins at the Capp House when they knew Jimmy and Roger were on their way. Then the Capp Twins and Denny would arrive shortly after, by their own route.  This arrangement worked well for them as it did not attract attention from unwanted eyes and bodies.  
If anyone came from the path where Jimmy and Roger came down, and tried to cross the fence, the boys could retreat to the Capps house before they were even spotted.  This secrecy kept the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, immune from gossip and spying eyes of a certain troublemaker for the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club. One older youth by the name of Jake Lake, who has been a thorn in the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club’s side for many a year.  We shall hear more about him later. Now of course, Jimmy and Roger they could have just gone directly to the Twins house, and down to the boat house, but then anyone would know they were meeting together at the Capps. The boat house was not a secret, just the meetings. 
When the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club were all present, Jimmy opened the meeting with a greeting to all, thanking them for their prompt arrival.  No roll call was given everyone knew everyone who was there.  No minutes of the meeting was taken, as it smacked of homework, and it was the summer break from school.  The Twins had already in previous week ends, got the boat house ready for the summer, mended any breaks in the fence and made sure Denny’s alarm system was functional.  What needed doing now was capping off the mental list of what they would be doing that summer leading up to the Fourth of July campout.  Roger took over the meeting from there.
“Jimmy has agreed that we should keep our Fourth of July campout a secret as much as secrets can be kept in this town.  As far as anyone knows we are going out to Jimmy’s Grandfather Tom’s farm to help him with the sheep, and such.  We just need to figure how to get our camping gear out to the farm without anyone noticing it.  Any suggestions?” Asked Roger.
Roy spoke up.  “Charly and I have asked the Sheriff if he could use his rescue boat on his test run down the river next week as he planned to see if everything is okay on the boat and the river.  As you know he checks out the river to make sure that there are no winter debris and downed tree’s blocking the save travel of the water ways for the summer season.  Charley, and I suggested if he could take our bulky camping gear with him and drop it off at the valley at Grandfather’s Tom farm, where the sheep graze and where our camp site will be in Jimmy’s Woods. Jimmy’s Grandfather can be alerted to meet the Sheriff there and pick it up for us to store in the barn until we arrive after the Fourth of July festivities in town.  That way no one would be the wiser.”
Charley spoke up.  “He agreed to take whatever supplies we needed delivered, and as that area of the river is still in the county jurisdiction, there would be no problem with any improprieties during official business.”
“Hey Twins, that’s great. Takes care of that problem.  I’ll tell Grandfather Tom the plan and to await a call from the Sheriff.” Jimmy happily stated.
“Well, that settled that, now for what food we will need for the campout.” Roger asked the boys. 
In short order, the boys had the menu planned out and what each boy was to contribute to the budget for purchasing the food, or whose parents would be willing to contribute.  With that out of the way, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club started talking about their plans for the summer leading up to the Fourth of July.  Jimmy said he was going to spend some time in his spare time reading up on wood lore, camping lore, and anything that would prepare them for a week out in the wilds.  Meanwhile he was going to get in some extra chores around the Inn to help out his Mother so she would not need him around that week after the Fourth of July.  The other boys agreed they too had extra chores to do for the same reason.  
Denny volunteered to work on some special small gadgets to take with him that might interest the boys, like a communication system when out in the woods together.  A small police radio, and a small pocket TV with solar power panels and batteries so that they could keep them informed of any storms or troubles coming their way.  Also, something for Grandfather Tom to listen too if they needed him. The two-way Radios have a range of at least 10 miles.  The other boys agreed that was smart thinking of the boy.  The last thing on their list was when after chores were done daily, what would they be doing for summer fun.  Jimmy said he got a list of the summer movies at the Horton’s theater in town.  That there would be several adventures and action movies to see.  Then there was the summer baseball games to join during the summer recreation programs. Of course, fishing, and swimming.  Then a few over nights at the boat house.  Hanging out at the Don’s Drug Store and soda fountain for cold drinks, ice cream malts, and hamburgers.. 
Then there was the annual Fourth of July festival.  Jimmy’s Mother would run a cake walk and Jimmy would be busy picking up donations of bake goods for it.  Roger said he planned to do the good old dunk tank again.  The Capp Twins, said they were helping out Dr. Mom with the clinic’s first aid booth, and Denny said the Mayor asked him to escort the Queen contestants around the festival collecting penny votes. 
Now let me interject here.  Dr. Mom was the Twins Mother Dr. Sersha Capp who owned the McKelly Capp medical clinic and small hospital her late Father Dr. Brian McKelly founded. Sersha Capp was a pediatrician and the clinic had many practitioners in fields of Internal medicine, Heart specialist, Family practice, Psychology, and a full staff of technicians, nurses, and administration.  It serviced the needs of the county. Dr. Mom was an affectation the Twins and Denny called Dr. Capp, as well as their friends. Now, Sheriff Capp, the Twins father, and Denny’s Uncle, just simply call him “Sheriff or the Sheriff” rarely calling him Dad or Father, or Uncle by Denny. Everyone in town call him just “Sheriff” as well.
The boys agreed that any free time was to be spent with family, or other friends and neither of them was to expect they had to hang out together.  It was more or less a rule from their parents to round themselves up with other activities and friends outside the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.  It was going to be a busy summer they all agreed.  With nothing more to work out, they settled back and relaxed in the boat house. As if on que, Aunt Nellie showed up with refreshments, and they all settled down with one of Aunt Nellies adventure stories.  Somehow, she always managed to have one they never heard.  Now has to whether they were true, none of the boys dared question her story telling. 
This one was about her days as a roust-about in a traveling rodeo, where she played the clown in the barrel to ward off the raging bulls after they threw off their riders.  She boasted when she once got gored in the thigh when she misjudge her footing and fell in front of the bull who proceeded to use his horns to lift her off the ground and toss her around.  Everyone but the Twins and Denny who knew better.  Never challenged her to prove it.   Roger  made that mistake when he challenged her to prove it.  Wearing summer shorts, she lifted the hem up of her shorts on the right leg, and sure enough there was an old nasty pucker of a scar where she was gorged.  Then she said if they wanted to see her other scars too.  All the boys jumped up and said that’s okay Aunt Nellie we believe you; it is time we get back to our chores at home.  Aunt Nellie laughed, gathered the empty glasses, and plates, took her exit claiming aloud. “I was a wild thing in my days.”  The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club laughed and left the Boat house. 
***
Now I need to tell you briefly about Aunt Nellie. Dr. Mom was her grandniece, Dr. Mom’s  Father the nephew of Aunt Nellies eldest brother.  Denny you will learn was Dr. Mom’s younger sisters, only child. Aunt Nellie’s Great Grand Nephew.  You wonder about the age of Aunt Nellie when you think about the old girl being a Great, Great Aunt to Denny.  Aunt Nellie as everyone calls her, Windowed Father remarried many years after losing his wife in childbirth. He remarried a young Lassie and she give him a baby girl in his old age. Now Aunt Nellie was 15 years younger than her youngest half-brother with several half-sisters older.  Her Grandfather and Father were wealthy landowner and successful in his investments In Ireland. When he passed on, when she was only 12, Aunt Nellie and her half-siblings shared in the family fortune, her Mother as well.  Her Mother held in trust, Aunt Nellies inheritance until she turned 18. Her Mother was just as successful in her own investments, so when she passed on years later. Aunt Nellie had two inheritances to live on. The first she nearly spent with wild and Woolley adventures around the world as soon as she turned 18.  The second she invested successfully as a more mature adult. She was to eventually inherit a third fortune from her Grandfather, but that’s a later story.
The Clapp twins and Denny raced  off to catch Aunt Nellie.  Jimmy and Roger found to their own way back to town.  If Jimmy and Roger had been psychic, they might have felt a pair of eyes following them through a set of binoculars from afar. As it was, they missed noticing  the school bully Jake Lake watching them has they crossed the fence and headed back to town.


Chapter 2
Jake the Snake


Jake the Snake as his crony’s called him, watched the two boys from his hiding place across the flats in a tree, as the two boys left the flats heading south to town.  Now Jake is 16 years of age, Six-foot, 3 inches in height, 225 lbs.  All muscle and no brain. He is not afforded a good standing in the community what with his bullying nature and run ins with the local law.  Nothing serious yet, just the type of high jinks some teens think is fun and harmless.  He is also the school bully, which he sees as his God given gift to rule over those smaller than he is. Given his height that is about every kid in school. 
Grand Apple Valley Junction school system is small with just Two school buildings.  One large ancient 3 story  brick structure that houses Junior High grades 7 & 8, and high school grades 9 to 12.  The first floor houses the Gym/auditorium, and the boys/girls locker rooms. The cafeteria, and administration for the school district. The second floor are the Junior High classes, the main Library, Junior study hall, shared Music room and Art classes. While the Third floor is devoted to the Senior High classes, and Study room.  The smaller school is for grades K to 6 which sits  on the far end of the Football and track field which stands between both schools. The smaller newer school has a playground area between their building and the football/Track field.  The complex takes up more than 100 acres of land east of town within its city limits housing its bus barn, parking lot, with room to spare for new growth when needed. There’s talk of a new High School building down the road, but as yet, it has not been approved by the taxpayers.
For Jake the Snake, having the Junior High on the second floor, and the High school on the top floor is for him an opportunity to reign terror over Junior high boys.  To get to his classes Jake and his cronies must pass through the hallways of the second floor to get to the Third floor, or down to the first floor for Gym, and the cafeteria.  Though lunch hour and gym time is scheduled at different times for the juniors and the seniors, both groups share the main library, Music room and Art classes with Juniors and Senior mingling between classes. No Juniors are allowed on the Third floor by school rule, though none dare invade that domain or face dire consequences from Jake the Snake.  Jakes loves picking on any junior boy who gets in his way when going to his classes.  His usual tactic is to walk up alongside a kid and give them a kidney punch hollering to get out of his way or shoving a kid up against a locker claiming the kid looked funny at him.  Your basic school bully intimidation tactics. With the combined population of the Juniors and the senior, Hall monitors and teachers have a difficult time catching Jake at his worse.  No junior is willing to tattle on Jake the Snake.   Off school grounds, Jake the Snake is waiting for any kid who does tattle on him.  As for Jakes den of fellow snakes they are followers with no backbone to stand up against Jake and his domineering ego.  
Now, you might ask yourself and wonder what kind of homelife does Jake have.  You might think he comes from a broken home, a Father who is a drunk, and beats the boy, or a Mother who is too afraid of her husband and allows the beatings.  You might feel some pity for the boy and allow him some leeway for his behavior.  You would be wrong.  Jake is the product of a wealthy family with a long historical significance to the Community. The first family of Grand Apple Valley Junction, whose ancestors where the first to settle in the valley, and still own a great deal of the valley still. They own every commercial building on main street, though have no direct ownership of a business they rent to. They are landlords commercially, and residentially, living off the land from rental income.  As landlords, they do see the value of the land and property by maintaining its upkeep for both residential tenants, and commercial tenants.  Their rent rates are accordingly fair to that upkeep. However, with growth and expansion of the community, their holdings have been landlocked by private ownership of new homes and land outside the city limits, and expansion of new businesses outside of those main street holdings.  
The Lake family maintains a steady income and investments from the stock market and old money still in the bank.  Mr. Lake and his wife are the perfect picture of socialites sitting around a comfortable drawing room in a large 120-year-old mansion on pristine landscape and are good parents.  With just one flaw, their last child born late in life is a bully.  Jake was born when his older two siblings were already in High School and soon on to college to lead successful lives. By the time he entered the 1st grade he was manifesting his traits as a bully, with a clear understanding of his social status and wealth in the community.  His parents where respected landlords with a fair even hand in rents and upkeep. Pillars of the community.  His home life though not spoiled as a late child might be in similar circumstances, he none the less, felt insecure of his position in the family.  His older siblings now out of college, married and having a family of their own in faraway cities. His parents constantly reminding Jake of his siblings he barely knew just how great they were and how successful they were.  Meanwhile, Jake is left to defend for himself with a damaged ego believing his parents do not even notice him and he is tired of being compared to his older siblings.
Up until now, Jake has stayed out of serious trouble, his high jinks have been the typical high schooler letting off steam and teenage angst.   Out of respect for his parents, the one and only local city police officer, has overlooked much, and the school turns a blind eye to his bullying.  His parents and their ancestors have been generous in providing needed funding  for their building projects.  The old high school was built by Jakes Great Grandfather, and the smaller elementary school fund drive chaired by his Mother.  Jake had his faults to be sure, but it was not his parent’s flaws in providing Jake with a decent living.  Jake just did not appreciate it what he did have. So why was Jake spying on Jimmy and Roger? Well, that goes back to the 3rd  grade when Jimmy gave Jake a blackeye defending the new boy in school, Roger Wilks.  Jake was bullying Roger on the playground, and Jimmy took objection to Jakes teasing the new kid.  Since then, Jimmy and Roger have been a thorn in Jakes side.  Always getting between him and his bullying whenever they caught Jake picking on other kids. As for the Clapp twins, and their cousin. Who Jake believed the cousin was retarded, were equal targets for Jake, because they spent time together with Jimmy and Roger. Also, Sheriff Clapp was the twin’s Father and Jake could not tolerate that.
Jake left his hiding place when Jimmy and Roger where out of sight.  He headed for the boat house, curious to find out if there was anything left there that would give him a clue as to why they met so early in the morning with the Twins and their cousin.  Jake was sure that they were plotting some mischief to ruin his summer.  They were always in his way of having fun, not this summer, he had plans to ruin their summer once and for all.  Jake crept down the fence line that ended at the riverbank that separated the public lands from the private Capp property.  Ignoring the no Trespassing sign, Jake waded into the shallow water around the end of the fence  and snuck up to the boat house.  He hid behind a tree long enough to know that no-one was in the boat house.  With his pocketknife he was able to pick the simple lock on the screen door to the screened in deck.  
Once inside, he took a long look around the deck and searched the tables and chairs hoping to find some notes or something that would reveal why the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club meet that morning.  He found nothing of interest to him.  Then decided that inside the boat house, he would find what he was looking for.  The door to the boat house was a strong sturdy affair with a large bolt lock installed. He figured it was too hard to pick, so left the deck and went around to the back of the boat house to the double doors that was used to get the boats out to the Dock on the river.  Jake knew the Sheriff kept a large rescue boat on a wheeled trolly as he had seen the Sheriff wheel it out to the river last year for a boating incident where a boater was in trouble down the river.  He also knew the Twins had two smaller boats they could handle by hand, fishing gear and summer camping gear stored in the boat house. 
The double doors where large and tall but did not extend down to the ground.  About two feet was left open below the doors where a flood gate would be in the winter to stop flood waters to rise up into the boat house well.  The Twins a few days ago, had removed the flood gate, putting up a screened gate to keep the animals out.  Jake forced the flimsy screened gate open and made his way under the door and up the ladder to the interior deck.  All the watercrafts where suspended on harnesses that could lower each craft down to the cement floor of the boat house for easy removal to the river.  On the upper deck, Jake take time to check every locker and cranny he could find.  Suddenly he was alerted to  someone approaching the boat house.  He jumped down to the lower floor  and hid under the decking.  Not having time to crawl out below the back doors.  Charley and Roy unlocked the heavy bolt and entered the boat house well.  Jake under the decking, heard the boys talking.
“Roy, we forgot to turn the main alarm on after we left the meeting, let us not forget it this time when we get back to the house.” Charley told his twin. “We were not gone that long, so I suppose no harm done. Put that new sleeping bag in the camping locker.  It will be Denny’s when we go camping on Grandfather Tom’s farm after the Fourth of July,” Charley stuck the sleeping bag in the locker.
“Hey Charley boy, do you think Denny will be okay camping out a whole week in the woods.” Roy asked his twin.
“Oh, I think he will Roy, he has been of late doing better with his episodes now that he is on new medication. As Dr. Mom said, with each year as he gets older that his Autism will change for the better as he goes through Puberty and will have less episodes. Though he will not always be free of them, just less of them with the new medication.” Charley stated.
“That is good, we just need to make sure he has his meds with him, and he takes them each day and after we to the camp. You know how he gets when he is distracted in his workshop.” Roy said.
“You got that right Roy. It is amazing how much a tech wiz he is, given his Autism Spectrum.  I suppose it could be worse for him.  I still cannot believe why his Mother would abandon him like that.  I mean not knowing who his Father was, then having his Mother leave him with Aunt Nellie.” Charley was always mystified why any Mother would abandon their child.
“Well as Aunt Nellie says, her Grandniece was and is family still, and often a young single Mother can’t always manage a child with special needs especially when there no Father around.  Family need to step up and take in those who need them the most. At lease Denny’s Mother left him with Aunt Nellie, rather than some orphanage or with strangers.” Roy explained.
“You got that right Roy.  Family stick together through thick and thin.  He’s become more like a brother then a first cousin, don’t you think.” Charley  stated. 
Jake crouched under the decking listening to the Capp twins talk and rattled through lockers. He just learned something new about their cousin, something no one in town knew as far as he knew. And something else they were taking their cousin on a week-long camping trip.
“Hey Charley boy, you think the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club will be okay  camping out without any adults around? Roy asked.
“Oh, I think so, if not our parents will not let us out of the house until we graduate Highschool if we mess this up.” Charley said.
“You got that right Charley boy”. The twins laughed together always trading off their catch phrases.  Charley always using You Got that right Roy, and Roy always saying, “Hey Charley boy”. 
“Well, Roy I guess there nothing more to do here.  Let’s lock up the place and back to the house before Aunt Nellie has a fit.  We do have more chores at the house to do.”  Charley turned to Roy and together said. “You got that right”.  The twins locked up and left the boat house never knowing Jake the Snake was hiding under the inner decking. When Jake was sure the twins had left the boat house, he shimmed out under the back doors as fast as he could before the boys could turn on the alarm system.  He returned to river and around the fence heading back across the river flats to town. He had forgotten there was an alarm system installed.  Luckily, the twins forgot to turn it back on when they left the boat house earlier, he thought.
Unfortunately, Jake did not know that Denny had added a new feature to the alarm system. A back up memory to the system so that when turned off, it would go on a standby mode registry a silent alarm when trigger. Which during the standby mode, it would record a trigger of the system while it was in standby.  Then when fully reactivated again, it would alert the house that it had been triggered while off, keeping a record of how many times it was triggered.  When the Twins returned to the house, Roy remembered to reactivate the alarm.  Roy was alerted, of the standby alarms.  The memory told Roy that the alarm had been triggered 12 times since this morning.  Memory with times for each alarm and which sensor had been triggered in the boat house.  Roy took a moment to add the times up and account for when Jimmy and Roger arrived and left, when the twins arrived and left, Aunt Nellie arrived and left, and then the twins returned and left.  That left timeframes unaccounted for.  One entry on the outside deck after everyone had left then one off the outside deck.  Then one through the back door, before the twins returned, and out the back door, after the twins left the last time. Someone had arrived at the boat house 15 minutes before they had returned to it with the new sleeping bag.  Was on the outside deck, left, then entered through the back door 5 minutes later, and left after the twins did a few minutes later.
The Twin’s rushed back to the boat house, around to the backdoors.  It was obvious that someone had forced the screened gate open, crawled under into the Boat house, then left later, two separate tracks led from and to the riverbank then into the river, likely around the end of the fence back to the public lands.  Who?  The twins did not know.  Whoever it was, did they overhear their conversation in the boat house?  They recalled their conversation and realized that they had reveal to the hidden listener about their camping trip plans and talked about their Cousins Autism.  Something the family kept to themselves. The only clue they had about the listener was the boot prints they found leading from the riverbank and outside the boat house.  Jimmy and Roger came from a different path to the boat house.  So, the twins decided to take a plaster cast of the best boot prints available.  The sheriff kept a ready supply of the Plaster of Paris just for that eventual need.  It did not take them long for them to get the supplies together and pour a mold of the boot prints.  When that was finished, they installed the flood gate to the bottom of the back door until they could fix the screened gate.  This time now one would be able to crawl under the doors.
Later that day after the evening meal, they informed the sheriff of their discovering and he examined the boot prints. He told the twins given the size and depth of the print of the wearer was at least 225 pounds in weight, and at least 6 feet tall based on the boot size.  Other than that, he would have to run a computer check in the Sheriff’s office to identify the brand of the boot.  Which unless, this person had stolen anything from the boat house, he would have to chalk it up to someone being snoopy and was scared off by the twins returning to the boat house.  He could not justify asking his Deputy to use up official time on the crime computer database.  However, he informed his boys that they could do their own investigating, by checking everyone’s boots who might be suspicious to them.  But to be careful not to violate anyone’s rights without a search warrant.  Otherwise, be sneaky and do not get caught.  
The twins looked at the Sheriff, and a broad smile appeared on each boys’ face. Now, sneaky was their middle name, and Denny was their tech genius.  They would get him to use his computer to check commercial retail stores data base for any boots that would match the soles of the boot prints.  Who needed a crime lab data base when they had Denny the Menace?
The following day the Twins visited Jimmy at the Inn and told him about their visitor and the possibility that the cat was out of the bag about their camping trip and Denny’s Autism.  Jimmy told the boys hopefully, that whoever it was, had left before they heard the twins talking.  But the alarm memory had said otherwise. Jimmy agreed that until they can find the culprit they needed to go through with their plans, just be extra careful when we have conversations in places people can overhear them.  Jimmy said he would talk to Roger after Lunch when his chores where done.  As for Denny’s Autism, it was time to let that cat out of the bag before it was gossip and Denny had some deadly disease.  A few people knew Denny’s Autism diagnosis. Jimmy and Rogers parents, their sisters, and the schoolteachers who kept it much under wrap for Denny’s sake.  Being high functioning Denny did not need to be put under a microscope and mistreated by those who did not understand Autism and face stares and pity.  
There were still some who believed Autism was communicable like the common cold and the public-school system had no rights to endanger their children to catching Autism.  When Denny had an episode, it was usually short lived, and at times when he was at home and out of school. When the episode kept him home from school. Aunt Nellie and Dr. Mom being Denny’s Pediatrician made sure the school was aware and everything kept in confidentiality. The family felt that Denny deserved to have a normal life as much as possible being high functioning, it was to his advantage in growing up.


Chapter 3
Denny the Menace, The Tech Wiz


Now you might ask, why was Dennis McKelly nicknamed “Denny the Menace” by his twin cousins?  It was not out of hatred, or some sick joke.  Rather, it was a kind affectation given the fact that Denny McKelly was a tech wiz, a savant given his Autism Spectrum.  For those who do not know the word Savant, is just another term for genius when used in the context of a person having other limitations or challenges in life, yet still be a genius in one area of knowledge. In many kids with high functioning  Autism, they have a talent or skill that stands out which makes them exceptional.  Such as, being a math savant or math whiz, or a savant of music, where they can play the piano without ever having any lessons. Now a genius is someone with a wide range of skills and talents achieved through learning, where a Savant just seems to be born with something special.  Like Dennis McKelly.  He is a tech wiz.  
You can put a technical diagram in front of him, never before seen by him and tell you exactly what kind of device it runs.  Then built a better one then its original designer made. Dennis can take apart a device and through what is called reverse technology, recreate it, and make even better without having a technical diagram.  At age 13, he has never had a formal education in technology and electronic engineering.  Yet, he can built you a two radio from a scrape of electronic parts pirated from other electronics.  His skills in creating new devices is remarkable when you consider he has no formal training.  
Now the Menace moniker comes from the state of his bedroom and his attic workroom.  It is a menace to walk through with boxes of printed circuits and broken electronics, capacitors, tiny chips and other transistors and the like.  In his workroom he has several projects going on at once. On one table you will find an old radio torn apart, while on another he is in the process of assembling some weird contraption with blinking lights, beeps, and chirps.  His computer desk is the only area you will find that is cleared of any electronic debris.  You will often find him sitting there in a daze deep in thought over something puzzling him.  As for his Autism, when in one of his episodes, he can go hours without being aware of anyone in his room.  This is another reason he is called Denny the Menace.  When having an episode, he is non-communicative, unaware of you, and not even aware of sounds around him.  In this state, you cannot get him to eat, sleep or take his toiletry. Fortunately, these episodes are becoming rarer the older he got. His  age and his mind changing along with his body as he goes through puberty.  Though lessor more frequent episodes would still remind you of the fact he has Autism, even though he is high functioning by clinical standards.   His Twin cousins and their Great Aunt Nellie, Dennis McKelly’ s legal guardian have been his prime stewards in being there for him when he slips into one of his rarer episodes, making sure he is taken care of.  His cousins being of the same age, have been his bodyguard for many years now, assuring that he is protected from himself, as from those in the community who just do not understand what Autism is.  
Dennis, Mother, unwed and pregnant, Aunt Nellies Grandniece, evidently asked her great Aunt if she would be Dennis legal guardian as she was unable to cope with the challenges of her toddler being diagnosed Autistic, having herself a bundle of emotional issues to deal with herself.  Aunt Nellie, a very forward and modern lady at her advanced age, understood her niece’s challenges and the circumstance around her pregnancy.  Her grandniece being  free willed much like Aunt Nellie had been in her youthful years.  She understood her Grandniece well, given her own misadventures in life.  Family stuck together through thick and thin as Aunt Nellie confirmed often.  Sadly, after taking Dennis into the Capp family, her niece dropped off the map and was never heard from again.  
Though he remembers his Mother vaguely, he also as vague memories as a toddler the hard times they had trying to be a family.  He knew deep down in his heart, his Mother loved him dearly, and it was that love that of her son that she decided that the best thing for her child was to give him into the care of her Great Aunt, so that he could have the best chances in life.  Aunt Nellie always re-enforced that in Dennis, when he often would seem depressed and lonely for his Mother, fearing that she did not love him anymore.  In time, Dennis became a brother to the twins, and his Uncle Sheriff, and his Doctor Aunt his surrogate parents.  Aunt Nellie was the Aunt any boy would give up a treasure of gold to have.  The twins felt the same way about Aunt Nellie, so did the twin’s Mother, who was Aunt Nellies other Grandniece, Dennis Mother’s older sister. 
The Twins late Grandfather was Aunt Nellies nephew. Well, you might wonder with all this genealogy, just how old was Aunt Nellie.  There is much debate on this in the Capp household, and Aunt Nellie is not telling.  From the family tree, in the family bible Aunt Nellie is the youngest of 10 siblings from Ireland, Where the twins Grandfather McKelly was the son of Nellies oldest brother, the middle child out of ten siblings, with 15 years difference in age between her and  the youngest sibling in the family her half-brother.  Aunt Nellie is the last of her siblings alive today.  The family tree in the family bible mysteriously has the birthdate of Aunt Nellie erased.  Aunt Nellie says it only means she will live forever, as anyone knows you cannot die if you were never born.
Dennis McKelly is lucking to have a Great Aunt so youthful in spirit and long living. One day though he knew he will have the sad experience of losing another Mother in his life.  Meanwhile, his twin cousins, and friends in the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club will give him all kinds of fun adventures to rival Aunt Nellies wild ways.
Speaking of which, Dennis has been busy on his computer tracing down those mysterious boot prints.  So far, he has traced the boot sole marks to a brand name boot sold online through a clearance wholesaler to specialty shoe and boot shops.  Now the challenge is to find out who in Grand Apple Valley Junction bought a pair of those boots.  Denny started a search of those specialty shoe and boot shops and discovered that the nearest shop was in the Bixby the next city over from Grand Apple Valley Junction some 30 miles away, a major shopping hub for local residents who couldn’t find what they needed locally in town.  Which narrowed the suspects down to about 4,000 pairs of feet.  Unless it was an out of towner, a wondering bum down on his luck.  Yet, the boot print showed the soles where new, with little wear and tear. Then it struck Denny. New boots, with little wear and tear.  Which meant that they had to have been purchased very recently, and the shop who sold them might just remember who bought them.
Denny hit on a notion that if he emailed the shop and explained that he found a lost pair of boots of that description, they might just know who might have bought them from Grand Apple Valley Junction in recent weeks.  He got busy composing an email and using the email listed on this store’s website, he sent it off.  An hour later he got a response. The store regrets that it cannot reveal the names of their customers, but they can verify that only one person bought a pair of these boots recently who lived in Grand Apple Valley Junction.  The store suggested that Dennis post a lost and found notice in the local paper, or search for a notice asking if anyone had found a pair of these boots.  The store manager also mentioned that the boots sold for $350.00 a pair.  Anyone one losing expensive boots would certainly post a notice and reward for anyone finding the boots.  Denny had narrowed the 4,000 pairs of feet down to several pairs of feet.  Someone who could afford them at that price or have a family member who could buy them.  Who in town would wear such expensive new boots down to the river flats, in the river, and through mucking river bottoms and embankment?  Who would be that irresponsible of an expensive pair of boots?  The twins came up into the attic just as Denny the Menace slipped into one of his episodes, sat at his desk unresponsive.
The Twins knew this had to be a troublesome puzzle for Denny.  They also knew their cousin had been working on the mystery of the boot prints.  So, something triggered his episode, that he needed to figure out something.  They  saved his recent file on his computer and shut it off, so he would not lose it.  They picked him up and carried him down to his bed, where they left him resting.  Then left his room to inform Aunt Nellie that Denny was having one of his episodes. Now the twins had a rating system of Denny’s episodes, 1-10, 1 being brief in and out in minutes, 10 being days. It was based on the events surrounding Denny that triggered an episode. The signs for a 10 was missing which usually meant he would be walking around for days  like a Zombie looking for a brain to devour. A 5, was the boy looked like he lost his puppy. They told their Aunt it was 2, and they would be back later after running into town to see Jimmy and Roger at Don’s Drug store and Soda Fountain.  As they left the house, they shouted at Aunt Nellie, Yes, they would not spoil their dinner filling up on soda’s and ice cream. Ten minutes later, the Capp twins met up with Jimmy and Roger at Don’s Drug store.
“Where’s Denny,” Roy asked.
“He slipped into one of his episodes a number 2, while he was searching the web about those boot prints, we found.  Probably came across a puzzle in his search and went into one of his  episodes of his.  He’ll be okay, we turned his computer off, and put him to bed.” Charley told Jimmy and Roger.
“I wonder what he found that would trigger an episode.  Must have been important fellows.” Roger asked.
“Hey Charley boy, maybe we should have stuck around and waited for him to come out of it.  It could be important you know.” Roy asked his twin.
“You got that right Roy.  But you know as well as I do, it could be hours before he becomes his old menacing self.” Charley said to Roy.
“You got that right Charley boy.  No need waiting it will keep.  He will sort the puzzle out soon enough. Hey, Jimmy what are you having, can’t sit here at the counter and have nothing to drink.” Roy slapped Jimmy on the back.
“We just got here ourselves, haven’t had time to order the usual.” Jimmy said.
“Well get out the list old boy, I am thirsty.” Cried Charley.
“Hey Charley boys got that right.” Laughed Roy.
“Tell me Jimmy, why do we put up with these hillbilly Irishmen.” Spoke Roger. 
“Well, Roger,” Jimmy spoke up for everyone to hear at the counter. “Hillbilly Irishmen usually have a pot of Gold at the end of the rainbow.  And these Hillbillies promised they were paying for the drinks this time.” Turning to Charley and Roy.  “Didn’t you boys, you did bring the money now I hope not like last time when you forgot it was your turn to pay.”  Jimmy stated.
“Hey Charley boy, you didn’t forget your wallet did you.” Roy asked. 
“Now  there Roy, what do you take me for, a dim-witted Hillbilly.” Cried Charley.
The three boys shouted together. “Yes, we do, Charley boy.”
Oh, you got that wrong this time.  See here’s my wallet”.  Charley opened it wide to show the boys the money.
The three boys groaned.  “Charley, your forgot to put your money in it.” 
Charley looked in the wallet.  “Why, I’ll be a dim-witted Hillbilly.  I must have left it on my dresser.” Charley moaned.
“Got that right Charley.” Roy said with a lot of disappointment in his voice.
“Now what we going to do now. I left my money home too.” Said Jimmy.
“Ditto” said Roger.
“Well, I didn’t” said Denny as he snuck up on the boys from behind a rack of magazines. 
“Well, I’ll be a blond hillbilly, with a bottle of peroxide.” Laughed Roy.  When did you wake up from your nap?” Roy asked Denny.
“Not sure when I did, couldn’t have been that long ago.  Aunt Nellie said you left a short while ago.  I assured her I was full awake and took off to find you.  Your four where so busy trying to insult each other you did not see me come in. I ducked around the mag rack and spied on you.”  Denny turned to Don Jr. behind the counter and called for the usual to go, I am paying. Took a seat between his cousins on one side and Jimmy and Roger on the other side.  He turned to Jimmy; I have some important news to share but not here in public.  Don Jr. handed them their drinks in takeout cups, while Denny dished out his money.
The boys headed out the back door that lead out to a patio, usually empty at this time of day.  They would have some privacy here to here Denny’s report.  They took the farthest table away from the door, and hassled over the chairs, then settled down to drink their cold soda’s. After a few slurps and burbs, Charley jumped down Denny’s throat with the question everyone was wanting to ask.
“Okay, Denny the Menace and all-around Techno wiz.  What did your find out?” Charley belted out.
Denny look around him as if looking for someone who might be listening. The patio was empty, but he asked the boys if they had seen you know who around.
Roy, snaped a short reply. “He’s banned from the drug store for life remember.”
“I know Roy, I didn’t forget, just that I want to be sure he’s not anywhere around here.  That Jake the Snake is a sneaking one.” Denny blurted out.
“You got that right.” Blurted out the Capp twins. 
Jimmy spoke up, I have not seen the creep around for a couple of days, not since school ended for the summer.  Why ask about him Denny.”
Denny told the boys what he had found out.  He explained his research led him to the specialty store that sold the boot that left the prints at the boat house.  After an email he sent out to the store was answered he found out that only one person bought that boot recently.  The store manager said he could not reveal the name of the buyer because of confidentiality.  But did say the buyer came from Grand Apple Valley Junction, that the boots cost $350.00 dollars. I told the store manager in my email that I had found the boots and wanted to return them to the rightful owner.  He suggested I look in the lost and found ads in the local paper to see if anyone was asking about missing boots. 
He also suggested I put my own ad in saying I found the boots and looking for the owners. He made it clear to me that they were awfully expensive boots and anyone that could afford them would want them back.  That got me thinking hard that out of 4,000 pairs of feet in this town, not counting ours, that there could only be one person in town dumb enough to traipse through the river and mud in such expensive boots.  They are brand new, no wear and tear you would expect from an old pair of boots you did not care about getting wet.  I woke up in bed realizing I had, had an episode, and had the answer to who would be dumb to ruin a new pair of expensive boots, “guess who it is.” Denny asked. 
 The boys jumped up and screamed together. Jake the Snake that sneak. “You got that right boys” said Denny.
*****
After the commotion calmed down the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club where silent, sipping their soda’s.  Denny broke the silence. “I wonder what that sneak was doing around the boat house.  Was he there when we first met for our annual summer meeting?”
“No” spoke Roy.
Charley repeated Roy’s No and added more.  “The alarm readout showed the exact times we arrived and left the Boat house. Jake was there after Jimmy and Roger was the last to leave.  He was there when Roy and I returned some fifteen minutes later. Then left after we left again.  That standby alert and memory program Denny built for the alarm system was his best idea yet.  It told us exactly who was in and out and when.  No. Jake was not there earlier that morning, but he was there when we came back.  Must have been hiding out in the boat well, under the inner deck when we came in to inspect our summer camping gear.  He heard everything we were talking about, our week-long camping trip and about Denny’s Autism.  Sorry Denny, just wondering if you will be okay for a long week out in the woods.  Roy and I agreed that you been doing so well on that new medication Dr. Mom got you.  Jimmy and Roger both agree you are ready, so don’t worry chum you’re going if we have to tie you up and toss you in the boat when the Sheriff delivers the goods to Jimmy’s Grandfather Tom.”
“That is okay Twins, I know you wouldn’t say anything disparaging about me.” His anger rising”, But that Jake the Snake would have the whole town thinking I am some sort of monster with a deadly decease.” Denny got up and left the patio back of  the Drug store.  The boys could see he him leave out the front door. They knew he was upset and sensitive about his Autism.  They had to do something before Jake started gossiping around town.  They had a plan in reserve just for this event when it happened.  The boys finished their soda’s and left for the public library to talk to Roger’s Father.  He was in on the plan and would implement the steps needed to divert the gossip.  
Step one was, to bring the parents together, and Denny’s teachers.  Step two was to bring Grand Apple Valley’s prominent first family in on a little campaign to raise funds for a worthy cause. The support of the “National Autism Foundation and Research Center” in the state.  The Lakes where philosophical philanthropist, and any cause that would boost their ego, and standing in the State Journal Social page would be worth more to them then the rent income and old money in the bank. Their hearts were in the right place, sadly, Jake their son was not such a philosophical person nor a philanthropic one either.  If they were going to head up some bad gossip, this was the route to take.  Roger’s Father headed up the town’s charity league committee, which was made of his wife, Jimmy’s Mother, and Aunt Nellie.  The Lakes were honorary lifetime board members.
The boys found out that the Charity league had a meeting tonight to discuss the next project they were going to tackle.  Mr. Wilks was prepared with posters, and pamphlets, and a short movie that was sent to him from the Autism Foundation for the Libraries resource files.  As the meeting was at the library later that evening. Mr. Wilks had everything ready to introduce the Lakes about  Autism spectrums, treatment, and research being done to find a better medication treatment and a cure for Autism.  The statistics would startled the Lakes into supporting the Charity leagues drive to raise funds for the Foundation.  
The Twins Mother the local pediatrician in town was called by Mr. Wilks and invited to address the group with her knowledge of the Autism syndrome and the many spectrums. Dr. Capp had been waiting for this moment and was well prepared to announce the news that she had a family member who had Autism and how it is not a decease someone can catch despite what pigheaded people felt about it.  Whatever Jake the Snake was going to do and say to spread nasty rumors, those rumors would be dead in the water when the town found out the Lakes where supporting the charity leagues effort to raise funds for the Autism Foundation in the state.  The local paper and the state journal would milk the news for what it was worth.
After the meeting, the twins learned from  Dr. Mom that the Lakes where on board and pledged the first 10,000 dollars as seed money to raise more.  Mr. Wilks had the local editor of the Grand Apple Valley Gazette write an article and the editor had promised a front-page article on the Lakes generous donation for such a worthy cause, along with information about Autism to influence the town to give their own pledges of support.  The twins also learned that Jake had been asked to visit his older brother to help him out on a project in his business for two weeks. He left this morning. He would be back just before the Fourth.  He had no time to spread any gossip about Denny, nor interfere with their camping trip.  When the others found this out, they all breathed a sigh of relief. When he returned any effort on his part to spread nasty rumors would fall on deaf ears, and his folks would not be happy for his attempts to discredit a worthy cause.
The next day the twins informed the Sheriff of their findings regarding the boot print and their strong suspicion of Jake being the wearer of the boots.  He was not happy that Jake suddenly became a prime suspect of snooping around the Boat house.  He decided to make a trip to the specialty shoe and boot store to confirm the identity of the buyer.  The next morning his official reason to the store manager was to get a list of people who purchased that boot in recent months.  He had the cast of the boot print to show the manager, and explained it was evidence in a crime, to which he could not go into detail at this time.  The manager was willing to help the country Sheriff in his investigation. He got a short list of who bought the boot, and Jake’s name was at the top of the list as the latest buyer. He left the store planning  he would have a few words to say to Jake when he returned to town from his visit to his brother.  The trespassing signs on fence made it truly clear that the property was private, and the location of a country sheriff official rescue boat.  A misdemeanor that could end him in the county juvenile facility for 90 days. He had the evidence any judge could not deny what with the boot print cast, the store managers statement of purchase, and the Alarm read out of someone being in the boat house when the fresh prints was left.  The sheriff had also, managed to pull off some latent prints in the boat well of the boat house, where dust had been disturbed under the decking and floor.  That should be enough for Jake to spend his summer time in confinement.  
The Sheriff kept this investigation to himself until he had the boy in custody. He did not want the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club to spoil a good collar.  Plus, he had to think about the ramification in dealing with the Lakes and how to approach them with the facts.  He knew the Lakes well enough to know they were not the type to shield the boy or use their influences to divert justice.  He also knew that Jake’s misadventures and bullying around town and school was kept on the lowdown by many, because of the fact the Lakes where the landlords of many of the rental homes, and business property in town.  With a first family history that built the schools system to what it is today.


Chapter 4
A Mystery Afoot


  Grand Apple Valley Junction woke up one morning, a just a few days after the Charity League announced its new Autism campaign in their local paper to a new sense of awareness of themselves.  The First Family where ecstatic over an interview they did with the biggest paper in the state, the State Journal. Today, everyone in the state, knew about the Charity League’s campaign to support a fund raiser for the National Autism Foundation and the Lakes $10,000 donation to kick off the campaign and bring about awareness of Autism in their community.  Within hours of the State Journal hitting the steps of every house in the state, well nearly  every house.  Donations started coming into the Charity Leagues coffers. A day later, the coffers had reached an amazing total of more than $250,000 and rising by the hour. The Lakes sat in their drawing room beaming with amazement over the results of their interview by the State Journal. They were just as stunned over the public notice they were getting from around the state, the phone calls, and the letters coming in from many parents with Autistic children thanking the Lakes for their stance in making the public aware of the many problems parents face raising Autistic children.
The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club sat in the boat house, listening to Jimmy reading aloud the excerpts of the article on the front page of the State Journal.  “The Charity League of Grand Apple Valley Junction recently announced their new fund-raising campaign to bring about the awareness of the Autism in their community.  The First family of Grand Apple Valley Junction Mr. and Mrs. Lake kicked off the campaign with a $10,000 donation as a seed to grow that awareness about Autism in Children and Adults.  A campaign to dismiss the myths about Autism and about the many challenges raising Autistic Children.  It is the Charity League, and the Lakes hope to help the National Autism Foundation and its local chapters to fund awareness programs in schools and communities to educate teachers and communities on the challenges of Autistic people.  That Autism is not a communicable decease, a myth some believe.  The Lakes are concerned about how many people look upon children and adults with Autism as the Lakes put it, “as a retardation, and mentally deficient members of society, that the children shouldn’t be mainstreamed into our school classes, and Adults can be unproductive contributors to society.”  When in fact, “there are Autistic Spectrums in children and adults that have them able to be high functioning and Savants with exceptional talents. Like playing the piano having never learned how to, or Math Savants, or having technological talents and skills without any formal learning.  Yes, there are severe spectrums of Autism where we have children and adults who are unable to speak, have poor motor skills, and no awareness of the environment around.  These are the many challenges parents have in raising an Autistic child or taking care of an adult.  Admittedly, we do not know everything about Autism and what causes it, or the many kind of treatments for Autism.  This will be the main emphasis of the campaign, to make everyone have a clear understanding of what Autism is.” The Lakes stated in the interview. Jimmy read on where the reporter continued his interview.
“I asked the Lakes if there was a personal reason for supporting this awareness campaign.  The Lakes told me that they were lucky to have healthy children now adults, their last a teenager in high school. Their where unaware of any in their extended family having these challenges of raising an Autistic child.  They stated that was the problem for many families, being ashamed of having an Autistic child and not wanting to expose the child to a public view where the child is bullied by peers and adults. They said it is these public views and morons who need educating on what Autism is about, so those with Autism in the family can stop being ashamed and mistreated. The Lakes said it is not a perfect world out there.  They like to try and make it better, and anything my readers can do, will make it better too.  I asked the Lakes about their local paper who broke the news about the Charity League’s new fund-raising campaign. They mentioned that a member of the League had a family member who had a high functioning spectrum of Autism and was a Techno Savant. The child was able to tear apart an electronic device, repair or improve its functions.  Read a diagram or specs of a circuit board and tell you how it functioned and build from scratch new electronics.  That he is a 13-year-old boy. Can you tell my readers more about this remarkable child?
“My, yes,” said Mrs. Lake, “it was as total surprise to us that we had such a remarkable child in our community.  You would never know he was an Autistic Savant; he appears so normal.  We are told he has his moments though, his Great Aunt Nellie McKelly, his legal guardian, says he has episodes where he is non-communicative for hours, sometime for days, then snaps out of it normal again.  He has a new medication now that has made improvements on the lessoning the frequency of these episodes or their severity. New Research is important in developing these medications, and hopefully finding a cure for Autism.
Jimmy stopped his reading, looked up to the other boys.  “The rest is more about how to contact the Charity League, or the local chapter of the Autism foundation for more information and how to donate.
Jimmy added, “Well the cat’s out of the bag about Denny. Don’t think that Jake is going to be happy about his parents spoiling any plans he had in making Denny a subject of his cruel gossip.”
“You got that right Jimmy.  Though I am not sure if Mrs. Lakes realized that mentioning Aunt Nellies name to that reporter will cause some problems for Denny.  After all she did say that it is not a perfect world out there and there will always be morons who will treat children and adults like Denny harshly.”
“Well, we all knew going forward with revealing Denny’s Autism was going to have some drawbacks.” Roger reminded them.
Denny spoke up, “Hey, I always knew a day would come where I would have to deal with this issue.  But the Twins, Aunt Nellie, Dr. Mom, and the Sheriff have always told me that I could handle anything that came along when that day came.  You, Jimmy, and Roger and the Twins have been the best friends ever. Always there to support me.  You have treated me as a brother, no pity or looking down at me like I was some freak.  My teachers have been great too, those who knew.  Aunt Nellie decided years ago that I did not need to be treated different because I had Autism, it is only a label, not a death sentence.   I have a lot of classmates who would sigh with relief, that they now know what all those sick days where all about.  I am relieved that I do not have to live a lie anymore.  I understand why about that lie.  It could have been worse for me to never know why I was different, that would be a lie that would be cruel and worse than anything anyone could do to me now.”
“ No, I lived with a family that has loved and nurtured me to accept myself, that I was just as important to them, and to myself.  I suppose if I had been low functioning with no savant skills.  It would have not been easy for everyone to raise me or accept me.  Dr. Mom has always been truthful to me in explaining what I can expect as an adult, that I have a better chance of being a productive adult, and with my Techno whiz skills, I can have a good job.  I also know that many with severe Autism will never have that hope until a cure is found.  It is as fact of life. A life that is better for me because of Aunt Nellie, the Capps, and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.”  Denny could no longer hold back the tears.
The boys rose and found themselves hugging Denny.  Unknown to them Aunt Nellie had approached the boat house with refreshments, just has Denny started his touching speech.  She stood there outside the screened in deck, not meaning to listen, but knowing this was not the time to interrupt Denny.  When Denny started crying, she turned around and quietly returned back to the house where she found herself in her bedroom crying herself.  She was so proud of Denny’s courage, and devotion to her and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.  She only wished that Denny’s Mother were around to see how much he had accomplished.  She made a decision that moment.  It was time that Denny read the Letter his Mother left him when she gave her child up to Aunt Nellies care. Aunt Nellie knew what it said, and also knew that Denny had mixed emotions about why his Mother gave him up.  It was time to put those mixed emotions to rest.
While Aunt Nellie, and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club were having an emotional cleansing.  A stranger in another part of state was reading the State journal.  He was extremely interested in the article about the Charity League and what Mrs. Lake revealed about Aunt Nellie McKelly and her ward.  After a careful reading of the article again, he reached for his phone, dialed a number, when it was answered, he told the person at the other end.  “I have found the McKelly boy and his Aunt.  There in some hick town called “Grand Apple Valley Junction, about 300 miles south of my location.  If anyone knows where the boy’s Father is, it is the Aunt.  No, the Mother is out of the picture now, she died two months ago from an overdose of Oxycontin.  I did not find anything in her personal affects that would lead me to the boy’s Father’s location or the boy’s location at that time.  I do not believe the Mother even knew where the Aunt was. If the Mother knew where the boy’s Father was, she took it too her pauper’s grave.”  
“Do not worry, the authorities wrote the death up as an overdose.  The mother had a long history of drug,  Alcohol abuse, and back problems. It did not give me any trouble to put her prescription in her whiskey bottle. She was drunk as it was and passed out. No, as I told you, the mother was a mess, and entertaining men in and out of her apartment. I was just another John as far as anyone cared.  I left her still passed out with her bottle of whiskey spiked.  She most likely woke up that next morning and as I watched from the street, she left her rooms, met up with a girlfriend briefly, went to the local market, bought food, then returned to her rooms, and started drinking again.”  
“She was found the next day by that same girlfriend who testified she had seen her just the day before and she was fine then. When ask by the authorities if they knew anything about her, the girlfriend stated for the inquest that she had just met her a week earlier.  They never talked about their past, a rule of the business not to share your past and get personally involved.  The Mother was very tight lipped, and I found nothing in the rooms to lead us to the Father.”  
“Yes, I will be heading for Grand Apple Valley Junction in a couple of days.  I got a co-worker who can  assist me to pick up, then we will see what the Aunt knows.  Yes, I will be careful not to reveal ourselves to the authorities.  You know how I work.  If the Aunt knows, or the boy, we will get that information. We will spend a couple  of days getting the lay of the land.  I will be trying out a new identity, time to change my approach to how I handle this.  No, the least you know the better for you and me.  I will report only when I get the right answers I need.  Otherwise, you will not hear from me and can assume it was another bust.  Hey, I told you that is how I operate, you pay me a salary monthly until I get results, when I get results, you pay me a bonus.  Okay, I agree we are getting closer, if the Aunt or the boy knows nothing then it ends this arrangement between us.  The Father is either dead like the Mother, or somewhere in some mud hut in the Congo.  I have a feeling it is not a mud hut and my instincts have never failed me.  I told you it would take time to find this guy.”  The stranger hung up and started packing his travel bag.  He made another call to his partner and made arrangement to pick him up by noon tomorrow.
***
Back in Grand Apple Valley Junction, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club members have been busy keeping up on their chores, and preparation for their camping trip.  Denny’s 15 minutes of fame finally quieted down.  Yes, there was some morons in town, but they soon found themselves standing alone on a street corner with their protest signs limply held in their hands and no one paying attention to them.  They finally left town or went back to their homes in town.  Jake the Snake was still out of town visiting his brother out of state.  He was expected to return in three days. If he had any notions about what was going on back home, it was too late for him to do anything about it. When Jake did return home, the Charity League fund drive would be yesterday’s news. Donations trickled in still and the total reached its peak of $275,000.  Mr. Wilks was going to personally present a check to the State chapter of the National Autism Foundation in a few days when he traveled to the state capital.  No fanfare planned.  
So, when Jake just hours after arriving home started his rounds with his crony’s telling them he had a plan  worked out to start some nasty gossip about Denny McKelly, and the Clapp family hiding a dangerous mentally defected child in their mist.  His parents self-absorbed in their social circle, greeted the boy briefly, then went out the door to have a meeting with the garden club.  Jake, unaware of current events in town, proceeded to find his best friend Billy Sikes.  If Jake is an ego driven teen, Billy is an underachiever, not interested in anything other than idol worship of Jake Lake. Whatever Jake told Billy; Billy could be counted on believing it was true.  He would embellish the truth to such outlandish proportions among his friends, and before you knew it the truth was so far from reality, that Billy would end up being the town clown over and over again.  But when you worship an idol as Billy did Jake. You are blinded to the truth that Jake is using Billy, and if Billy knew just how much Jake thought the boy was a moron and easy to manipulate. Billy would be out the door.  Like Jake, Billy was not one to keep up on current events to busy worshipping Jake.  So, when Jake found Billy, Billy was thrilled to have his best bud back.  Jake taking Billy aside to a quiet place, he started his campaign of gossip against Denny McKelly.  
“Listen Billy, I got some dirt on that McKelly boy Dennis.  I learned his Aunt is keeping a secret from this town about that boy.” Jake said to Billy in a huddled whisper.
“What kind of Secret Jake.” Billy asked.
“An extremely dangerous secret Billy, now listen closely boy.  Dennis McKelly is Mentally ill and dangerous to this town.  He goes into these episodes of his and goes into a murderous rage. That is why he is living with Sheriff Capp so he can control the boy when he goes off his rocker.  The Sheriff keeps a gun loaded at all times and handy, just in case he have to shoot the boy before he hurts someone.  I also read that what the boy has is contagious and if he spits on you, you can catch what he has. The Sheriff keeps the boy locked up in handcuffs when he thinks the boy is going to have one of his episodes. That is why the boy is not in school most times. Dr. Capp keeps him sedated with Drugs all the time.  The Twin’s and those friends Jimmy and Roger abuse the boy badly when no-one is around.  They tease him and talk behind the boys back all the time too, scared that the boy is going to attack them if they do not let him spend time together with them.  I tell you Billy, this kid is dangerous, and this town needs to know the Sheriff is harboring a dangerous defected retard.” Jake told Billy.
“Gee, Jake, that terrible.” Billy started shaking in fear.
“I know Billy, just stay away from the boy and don’t let him spit on you.” Jake insisted.
“I won’t, Jake. Gee, I need to go home, you never know when that boy is around.” Billy said.
“Just do not tell anyone I told you okay, it’s between you and me.  I plan to talk to my Dad later and let him on the secret so he can do something about it.” Jake left Billy standing there shaking in fear.
As soon as Jake left, Billy headed home.  On the way he stopped at Don’s Drug store to get a Soda, while there he told Don Jr. at the soda counter, what Jake just told him, embellishing the secret to where the Denny McKelly was baying at the full moon like a werewolf while the twins held the boy by a lease.  The boy was defective, Mentally deranged, and dangerous to the town.  Billy left the Drug Store, then stopped at the bakery where one of his friends worked at the Counter and got a Bear claw.  From there he stopped at the local newspaper and thought he would help Jake out by telling the editor about the danger.  The editor listen intently to Billy, not the first time the boy would show up with gossip to share.  Not that the editor ever believed anything the boy would say, like how once he saw a flying saucer land in the river flats one night.  Which proved to be a Frisby flying wildly in the wind.  This time the editor was alarmed at what Billy was relating to him.  When he asked who told him this secret, Billy let it slip it was Jake Lake.  
After Billy left the newspaper office, the editor got on the phone to the sheriff, relating to him what Billy said about Dennis McKelly, and who told him, Jake Lake.  Though Billy embellished a lot, as rumors and gossip often does, Sheriff Capp saw the root truth of the rumor Jake and Billy was spreading.  Sheriff Capp did not care much for the accusations that Denny went into a murderous rage, and that he was a danger to the town. He did not like the ideal that Jake was telling Billy that Denny had a Mental illness that was contagious and if he spit on you, you will turn into raging murderous retard.  Equally disturbing was Jake telling Billy that he kept Denny locked up in handcuffs, and kept a gun loaded to shoot Denny if he got out of control.  Sheriff Capp left the Station fuming.
Sheriff Capp had a deputy round up Jake, and he would find Billy. A half hour later, Sheriff Capp found Billy at his home, asked him why he was spreading these rumors around and what others he told other than the editor of the local newspaper. With the short list, Sheriff Capp rounded up the two on the list, and had a long talk with them and asked who they repeated the rumor to as well. Don junior told no-one as he knew Billy could not be trusted to know what truth was and what was an outright lie. Also, he knew the truth about Denny.  Billy’s friend at the bakery had not had time to relate the rumor to anyone. Sheriff Capp admonished every to keep their mouths shut, or face charges for libel and inciting a riot.  He made it clear that such lies would cause many people to panic and cause harm to Denny and his family.  He made sure that Billy got a copy of the articles that where printed about Autism and had Mr. Wilks talk to Billy and show his video on Autism to Billy. Later that day Billy went home feeling like the biggest moron around.  His idol was tarnished, and Billy realized Jake Lake was not really his friend.  As for the other two boys, they knew the current events and understood Denny McKelly was not some murderous retard running wild and baying at the moon.
During all this time Jake was in custody at the Country Sheriff’s office being processed for Trespassing on posted private property, illegal entering a building that held County Sheriff emergency equipment.  Jake sat in a locked room waiting for the sheriff to arrive for interrogation.  The deputy that picked Jake up said he was on orders by Sheriff Capp to formally arrest him based on evidence that put Jake on the property at the time of the illegal trespassing. Sheriff Capp would explain the evidence when he arrived with his parents.  It was a shock to Mrs. Lake when Sheriff Capp showed up to her door.  Mr. Lake was in his study when she called him to the front door. The Sheriff explained the latest situation of Jakes attempts that morning to get Billy Sikes to spread some very vicious rumors about Denny McKelly, and his family.  Mrs. Lake nearly fainted when Sheriff Capp give the details of Billy’s statement how Jake told him that the Sheriff was handcuffing the boy and always had a loaded gun handy to shoot the boy if he had too to prevent the boy from murdering anyone.  Mr. Lake just sat there, stunned unbelieving Jake would do such a mean and cruel thing.  He told the Sheriff, he knew Jake had some problems bullying in school, but he did not think it was this bad.  
Then the Sheriff told the Lakes Jake was under arrest on a charge of illegal Trespassing on private property, and illegal entry into a building housing County Sheriff emergency equipment.  Evidence gather at the scene was fingerprints, a boot print cast of a new boot.  A computer read out of the alarm system showing someone had entered the building at the time in question.  The boot print cast was traced to an out-of-town merchant, who sold that boot, and a list of recent customers showed that Jake had purchased that boot recently.  The fingerprints should confirm they are Jakes.  The tie into today’s events with the first event was that Jake was in the building hiding when his Twins where in the building talking about Denny’s Autism and the fact it was being kept as a secret by the family.  As Jake was out of town after that and during the revelations of Denny’s Autism publicly.  He returned to town this morning,  unaware of that Public awareness. Jake let Billy to believe Denny was a danger to the town, his motive to get back at the boy and his friends who have always stood up to Jakes bullying.
“I would suggest that you have your attorney present when I talk with the boy.  My deputy tells me that the boy denies everything about the trespassing.  We have yet to talk to him about this other matter.  As a former FBI agent and an Attorney, I must warn you that today’s events, could lead to federal charges for inciting a riot, hate speech issues, and libel charges on my behalf against  me and my family and the integrity of my office as Sheriff.  Has a Father, the boy is not a bad seed, just needs some professional guidance to set bad  ego of his straightened.  I am sorry, but Jake been using his First Family status as a Lake, to terrorize this town, your tenants are afraid to say anything to you.  As for me, until he crossed that line of breaking the law, I was willing to give him some leeway with his mischief and bullying.”  
“As for his bullying it was mostly intimidation, joking around and acting like a First Family son entitled to be worshiped by all, a rather inflated ego.  Do not take this wrong, as his parents you might have let that ego grow without noticing the boys cry for attention.   I can understand the Late child issues when a child comes along with all his siblings out of the home, and his parents focus elsewhere.  Also, know this there is not a tenant of yours, or citizen in this town who thinks you are bad parents or bad landlords.  You and your family have been a blessing to this community for more than a hundred years. Your appreciated and respected. Just need to take a firmer hand in raising that boy.


Chapter 5
Strangers in town
(That Evening at Home)


After Supper at the Capp house the Sheriff related to his family the events surrounding Jake Lake. Normally, he would not talk much about his work, details about arrests, or investigations. His standard “Go To” when asked about some news about an important arrest.  Was to say, “sorry, but can’t talk about an ongoing case. You will have to wait until the case is settled and read about in the papers.”  He would talk about generic things around the office, like a current rise in B&E, or a fight in one of the many rural bars in his jurisdiction.  But no names or facts.  He was tight lipped about his job. However, tonight, he announce he had a case that he needed to tell them about, as it affected his family.  
He sent the family to the boat house, where they could enjoy a cool summer breeze, and sip on soda’s and iced tea. He told the boys, that Jimmy and Roger would be waiting for them there too, as it concerned them too.  Moments later, everyone was settled in.  Aunt Nellie in her favorite Rocking chair, and everyone else sitting around the one coffee table. The Sheriff paced the deck, collecting his thoughts.  He turned to his family. “Now what I have to tell you I have already told Dr. Mom.”
“This morning, Jake Lake returned from his trip to his brother.  The first thing he did was convince Billy Sikes that Denny was a threat to this town because of his Mental Illness and his episodes put him in a murderous rage where he was dangerous around everyone.” The Twins started cursing at Jake Lake “Now hold on their boys, do not interrupt me until you hear the whole story, okay.  Jake told Billy, that Denny’s mental illness was contagious, and that if he spit on you that you would catch his illness too. Jake also told Billy that I always kept Denny in handcuffs and kept a loaded gun nearby in case I had to shoot Denny to protect this family.  He told Billy they needed to let the town know that Denny was a dangerous lunatic so they could protect themselves from him.” The Sheriff continued.
“Billy scared, ran home.  On the way he stopped at Don’s Drug store and told Don Jr. what Jake had told him with a few embellishments like Denny bayed at the full moon while the Twins held his lease.  Then stopped at the bakery to tell one of his friends working there much the same story.  Then believe it or not, he stopped at the local paper and told Gus Wakes, the same ghastly story with more embellishments.  Gus asked Billy who told him this, Gus said it was Jake Lake, but it was a secret. When Billy left Gus, Gus phoned me and give me the details of what Billy was telling everyone.” The Sheriff took a chair.
“I had one of my deputies round Jake up, while I went over to Billy’s place and got the story direct from him and a list of who he told it too.  Which was a short list thank God.   I rounded up Don Jr. and the friend at the bakery and asked them who they told about Billy’s claims.  Don Jr. said, he told no-one as he did not believe Billy one iota of his story.  Billy’s friend in the bakery did not have time to repeat what Billy said.  I told them not to repeat Billy’s story or face arrest.  I was serious.  To set Billy straight, I had Roger’s Father to educate Billy on what Autism is.  Billy has vowed never to believe anything Jake says again.” Taking a sip of his Iced Tea the Sheriff related the rest of his story.
“Jake was picked up on a charge of illegal Trespassing on posted private property  and entering the Boat house where County Sheriff emergency equipment is stored.  The evidence you provided Denny, the Boot print cast, and the latent fingerprints I took confirm it was Jake. You know the rest of the evidence found, and what Jake heard in the boat house. Which is why Jake knew all about Denny’s condition.  Giving his hatred of you boys standing up to his bullying, he was seeking revenge with that horrible rumor he was starting.  While Jake was in custody, I had the sad duty of speaking with his parents informing them of his arrest on trespassing and his attempts on discrediting this family, and Denny’s good name as well.  Needless to say, the Lakes were shocked, but not surprised.  I told them that Jake not only was facing a misdemeanor of trespassing but could also face libel charges, and Federal charges for inciting a riot with his malicious rumor, and a hate crime.”
 “I also give them a lecture, on how they must in part share some of Jakes misguided ways.  Jakes over inflated ego and First Family status was the mean reason he has strayed off the balance beam.   They were not insulted but accepted my assessment as a chance to correct things with Jake.  Jake is now housed in the County Juvenile home where he awaits arraignment in family court.  That just about sums it up everyone”. The Sheriff drank the rest of his Iced Tea and left.  Aunt Nellie and Dr. Mom followed after him, leaving the boys to talk amongst themselves. 
The boys sat there for long minutes saying nothing.  Their faces showing some serious thoughts but not revealing them to each other.  Then, Roy jumped up and exclaimed. 
Hey, Charley boy, it has got to be a tuff break for Jake, I cannot imagine what is going through his head right now facing Federal charges and all. What do you suppose would make him make such vicious claims against Denny?  Did he not know we had already revealed Denny’s Autism on a grand scale?” Roy asked.
Jimmy spoke up, “Well he did leave town before we put our contingency plan in affect. His parents did not have time to tell him when he arrived.  He just took off like a rocket to lure Billy in into his scheme. Everyone knows Billy is so blinded by Jake’s ego, that he will do anything Jake ask him.”
“You got that right Jimmy.  Jake knew that Billy would stretch the simplest lie into a haystack of truth anyone would believe.  I mean Denny baying at the full moon like a werewolf with Roy and I holding his leash.  Anyone knows that the Capp twins holds no-ones leash.” Laughed Charley.  
The boys joined in the laughter; it took some pressure off the atmosphere. The boys exchanged more comments about what Jake was saying about the Sheriff handcuffing Denny and willing to shoot him if he got loose and went on a murderous rage. If the truth be known, the Sheriff never brought a loaded gun into the house.  He kept the bullets in the squad car, and the gun in a bedside stand near his bed.   He always figured just a sight of the gun in his hands an intruded would hesitate.  The Sheriff was an ex-FBI man, well trained in Judo and hand to hand combat.  Of course, a thrown heavy revolver could cause much damage to a jaw or forehead.  He has never had to test that theory, yet.
Denny suddenly went still as if going into one of his episodes. The boys alerted to his silence waited to see if they needed to carry him up to his room.  They could understand if the stress were getting to him.  It is a lot to digest what Jake had attempted to do.  Suddenly, Denny blinked, and you could see tears in his eyes. The boys all as one knelt before Denny and asked, “What wrong Denny the Menace.”
Denny, rubbing the tears from his eyes, spoke up. “I don’t deserve such good friends”
“You got that right boy,” chimed in the twins. “Who else is going to put up with your constant crying”. Laughed the twins. 
After that, a round of rough housing erupted.  Denny getting the best of the twins, with the help of Jimmy and Roger.  Then Aunt Nellie showed up and threw some verbal cold water on the boys.  Hey, you wild bunch, it is time Jimmy and Roger head home, and it is the twins turn to do the dishes.   I want some time with Denny, got something important to share with him.  Jimmy and Roger followed the twins to the house, then on to their own homes.  Aunt Nellie asked Denny to join her on the screened in deck around the Boat house.  She had something to tell him about his Mother.  In her apron pocket, she drew out a yellowed envelope and explained to Denny it was from his Mother.
“Denny, your Mother wanted you to have this when you were old enough to understand.”  She gave it to me when she brought you to me those many years ago as a toddler.  I have never read it, but I suspect what she is going to tell you.  Your Mother as I have told you was a troubled young women who got into drugs and bad company.  Enough of that, read the letter, I will be at the house when you are ready to talk. Take your time boy.  I know you can handle it.” Aunt Nellie rose and left the boat house. 
Denny sat there with the yellowed envelope in his hands. It was addressed to “Dennis O’Tomas McKelly, my darling Leprechaun”.  Denny thumbed the flap open and withdrew a several folded pages of a handwritten letter in a clear precise hand.
“My dear darling Leprechaun.  I know that if you are reading this letter, Aunt Nellie has decided that you are old enough to read it and understand why I must give you up.  I am sure she has by now told you about my wild days, as she would put it. I regret much of want I have done mostly the drugs that I have freely and willingly taken in my college days in New York.  I know they have addled my brains and affected my judgement.  But the one judgement I will never regret was having you and meeting your Father who made it possible.  He was a great influence on me during my pregnancy to still clean.”  
“When you were born, you were the joy of our  lives.  When your Father suddenly left me, which I shall explain why later in this letter.  You where my hope that one day he would come back, and we could be a family once again.  We were unable to get married for reason’s, you will learn later. When the doctors informed me that you had Autism when you were 3 years old, my heart broke.  I did not know how I was going to raise you given the challenges you would have in life and my own.  To be honest, I did not know just want those challenges were as the doctor could not say because of your age, what kind of Autism you had.  Just that in most cases, it would progress from mild to worse as your grew.  At first, I managed to provide for you with what money I had. I knew that it would run out eventually, when it did, I knew I had to find a job, but as a single parent it would be hard to work and take care of your special needs.” 
“At first, I tried to work part time and left you with a trustworthy babysitter.  I least I thought she was trustworthy, I came home one day early and found her entertaining a Gentlemen friend.  I grabbed you and ran out.  I quit my job and tried to care for you as best as I could.  As the month’s passed, and your started having episodes more often, I panicked. The stress found my resolve fading and soon, I was back taking drugs, drinking, and selling my body to provide for your care. It was not the life your deserved. You deserved better than this.  After a dry period, I realized what I had to do for you.  I called Aunt Nellie before I lost my nerve and found myself in a drunken stupor again.  I was honest with her and told her everything that was going on.  I admitted that I was not ever going to be able to continue to take care you in my current state.  I asked her to take you in and I would give her legal guardianship over you.  I told her she had to it now, before I last myself in drugs, booze, and men.” 
 I managed to hold out for two weeks while she got an attorney to draw up the papers of guardianship.  Aunt Nellie tried to convince me that I should come with her also, and that together she could help me.  I told her another truth about your Father, that he was on the run from some extremely dangerous people. I  needed to relocate and disappear to protect you.
  I told her no more and made her promise to give you this letter when you were old enough to understand.  Know this my darling Leprechaun.  Your Father is not a bad man, he got mixed up in witnessing a serious crime that would put away some powerful men.  He had to  disappear and protect me and you.  I am still hoping he will be able one day to return to us.  Until then, you would be safe with Aunt Nellie.  I asked her not to tell me where she went, and I would made sure I disappeared too.  God will be my witness that if I can be sober and free of my drugs once and for all, I will find you.  Just know this your Father loved you too, that is way he had to leave.  I would give you some knowledge of where Father is or was the last time I knew.  I fear, to do so would-be folly, and lead those powerful men to him and you.  I have done one thing; I have sent your Father a brief note to his last known location telling him of my situation and yours. If he can I have asked him to look out after you.  It will be my last note to him as I know he will move on from there always on the run and I shall never hear from him again.
Your Aunt Nellie is as wild women, so do not let her lead you down wild paths, and yes, her stories are true, for I have been down a few of those paths with her as a young girl.  I caution you to destroy this letter. The few who know its contents the better. Beware of strangers, and may you find that pot of Gold at the end of the Rainbow.  Aunt Nellie had her own pot Gold, but she had fun looking more.  Love, your dearest, Mother. P.S.  I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me and will always love me.  I know Aunt Nellie will love you and through her I  will always be with you.  Remember this, there is story your Aunt Nellie can tell you, that are full of lies, and truths, you only need find the right path to the truth and there you will find your Father.  Burn this letter son, now.
Denny hesitated then made up his mind.  He rushed to his room and setting up his scanner he scanned the letter into a coded file, which scrambled the letter into a pictorial image.  Without a password to open the file, and a password to unlock the picture it would remain unscramble.  He then cut and pasted the file to a micro disk.  Making sure the original was wiped clean from his hard drive, then hide that disk in a place only he knew. Not even the twins knew.  He debated letting Aunt Nellie read the letter, it would give her some peace of mind about her Grandniece. He then realized Aunt Nellie knew.  He put the letter in his melting pot, where he melted down gold from stripped electronic boards.  In minutes he had a bowl full of ashes, which he then flushed down the toilet.  He turned around and found Aunt Nellie, in his room.
“You all right boy,” asked Aunt Nellie.
“Yes, Aunt Nellie, I now know how much Mother loved me and why she put me in your care.  Oh, I also found out that my middle name is O’Tomas, Dennis O’Tomas McKelly.” Denny told his Aunt.
“No, boy its Patrick on your birth certificate, Dennis Patrick McKelly, after an ancestor of ours from Ireland.” Aunt Nellie explained
I’m sorry boy, given your Mothers state of mind at the time she wrote that letter, she might had a wee bit of a brain freeze.’ Aunt Nellie explained.
“Maybe your right Aunt Nellie.  Mothers letter explained a lot and very frankly at that.  I now understand her state of mind.”
Denny, I can tell you this, O’Tomas is your Fathers surname.  It’s your Mother’s way of revealing his name. Anything you don’t understand boy, your Aunt Nellie may be old fashion and aging fast, but she is not a prude.” Aunt Nellie blushed.
“That is okay Aunt Nellie, I understand everything she said, and I have found it very revealing.  In time I shall even understand her weaknesses. In my heart I know she loved me dearly and you too Aunt Nellie.  She asked to me to burn the letter, so that it would protect those she loved.  Oh, she asked me to have you tell me a story that is “full of lies, and truths, you only need find the right path to the truth and there you will find your happiness.”  Denny edited the last word, so as not to reveal who it meant he was to find.”  A mystery certainly was afoot.  
Early the next day, Sheriff Capp arrived at this office, where his deputy told him he had a visitor waiting for him in the situation room.  Sheriff Capp asked his deputy who the guy was.  Deputy Martha Santino handed the Sheriff his calling card.  It clearly stated in an official way, that the visitor was a Liaison Agent attached to the Local regional FBI office in Chicago by the name of “Nathanial J. Hawthorne”. The Sheriff sensed something odd about the calling card.  He asked Deputy Santino, “did the man present his official badge.”
“Yes, he did Sheriff, and per your standing orders, I put in a verification call to the FBI regional office in Chicago, before handing back the badge sir, I made a mental note of his badge number and Id# on the  card attached to the badge.” Deputy Santino confirmed. 
“Have they called back yet, Deputy Santino.” Asked the Sheriff. 
Deputy Santino was put on guard, the Sheriff always called his deputies by first name when not out in the field together on a call. Her reply was a standard protocol response when suspicion was raised about any credentials presented. “No sir they are having a backlog on the computer sir.” 
“Okay keep on it and let me know ASAP as to the confirmation code”. Deputy Santino.
Deputy Santino knew to deliver that confirmation in code to the Sheriff.  Sheriff Capp looked into the situation room and called to the visitor.  “Mr. Hawthorne give me a moment, I just got in and need to brief my deputies in today’s roster.  Should not take me long, not a usually a busy day for us.” The sheriff ducked out and went to his office.  Removing his coat and putting his hat on the hook on the wall, he checked his gun, loaded it, and put it back in his holster the safety off.  After talking to his deputies at their various desk, he motioned for Mr. Hawthorne to join him in his office.
“Sheriff Capp”, getting to the point. “I’m have been assigned temporarily to the Chicago regional office to investigate a report about a sighting of an FBI fugitive that has been on the run for the last 8 years.  Our leads led me here to Grand Apple Valley Junction.  Quint town you have here, quiet, and serene sitting here in the Valley.  We are checking all the small towns in this section of your fine state, where our fugitive may have settled here or near here in another one of your smaller towns in the county.  Being the Sheriff, you might know about any strangers coming to town and settling down in the last 8 years.  I know I can’t expect you to know everything that goes on, but we must check every lead we can find.” Agent Hawthorne asked.
“Well now Agent Hawthorne we certainly are a small town with a lot of old families living here for decades, having been offspring of our older families.  Why we have a what we call a First Family here, the ancestors of the original founders of Apply Valley as it was once known.  Don’t get many newcomers though, so I suppose any new people would stick out like a sore thumb here in this valley.” Sheriff Capp explained.
“That they would Sheriff, that they would. If you don’t mind me asking, why is the County Sheriff office here in such a small town?” The Agent asked.
“Well, you see, this old town has been here for 180 years, one of the first settlers arrived here back then in the county.  Other settlers arrived latter and finding the place suitable stayed.   Many started new settlements outside the valley.  In time the area became populated mostly with farms and small villages while Apple Valley became the center of the area.  Eventually the area became a county, and Apple Valley being at its center, became the original country seat.  In time of course larger cities grew out of the smaller ones, but Apply Valley, later to be known as Grand Apple Valley Junction remained the county seat.  Though much of the county administration did move to the larger city east of here. Still the fact was that we are still the center of the county  and having the main Sheriff post here was practical giving us speedy access to every part of rural county where my authority lies.  In town there is one-man city police force, which we often support when needed.  Otherwise, our duties are in the rural areas. It is not a heavy populated county, with its largest city  Bixby around 20,000 and the smallest village about 200 in numbers. The Country population is about 250,000 people all told.  Grand Apply Valley Junction was named after the two rivers in town, and is maintaining around 8,000 soles, which is in bottom of the feet, all together its 4,000 within its city limits.” Sheriff Capp explained. 
“8,000 soles, what an unusual way to count the citizenry.”  Asked agent Hawthorne.
“Yes, it is, it goes back to one of the first census taken, when some village idiot was asked to count the souls in the village.  He mistook the word to mean feet.  So, his count came up with 140 feet.  Later when questioned about the number being so large, he said he counted 140 feet.  Realizing the man’s mistake, they figured that meant 70 villagers.  Even today we still unofficially put in the census log as 8,000 soles divide by 2 equals, 4,000 souls. It is an inside joke at city hall.” Sheriff Capp laughed.
Agent Hawthorne gave a light chuckle, inwardly he thought the Sheriff was the village idiot. Well, Sheriff sounds like a colorful history here.  Let us get back to why I am here. Out of formality, I am informing you that I will be in and out of the county checking on village records or city records looking for any recent arrivals to the area in the timeframe mentioned.  To better do my job, I do not wish to alert or alarm any official to the reason I am checking their records.  Best not to alert our suspect either if he should be here in the county. My target is small communities which best fit the profile of our fugitive.  I will be staying here for a week checking the area within oh say 15 miles, then move on to a wider search and establish a new base.  I understand you have a local Room and Board Inn the Walker Inn.  I will be checking in there under an alias so as not to alert the town folks.  Any problems with that Sheriff?” Agent Hawthorne asked.
“Nope, not as long as you can tell me that alias, so I and my deputies do not disrupt your investigation.  Though I must ask that you check your gun with the city officer  or with me. This county has strict gun rules, and as you will be under an alias, which means you are not officially an FBI agent on duty.  Any problems with that Agent Hawthorne.” Asked the Sheriff. 
Hawthorne had to think about that for a moment but agreed to follow local law. “I guess that will be fine Sheriff, my alias will be Nat Thorne.”  Before he left, he checked in his gun, signed a receipt for it and left the Sheriff station.  When he got in his car, he checked the glovebox for his spare gun, he knew that his partner had his own in his bags, already check in at Walker Inn in town in another room.  Where he was heading now to check in.
Sheriff Capp called in Martha to his office.  She arrived with a document in her hands she just got off the computer.  It confirmed that an Agent Hawthorne with that badge number and ID card number did exist.  However, Agent Hawthorne was a retired agent of the Los Angeles office, confined to a nursing home bed after a major stroke. Sheriff Capp instructed Martha to run the prints on the gun this fake agent had turned in.  Then called an old friend of his in the bureau in Washington, he reported the situation to his former chief and asked that he be allowed to keep an eye on this guy to see what he was up to, and who he was looking for.  He would keep updates om his findings and would hope the bureau would not step in until he had some concrete evidence to what was going. This fake agent believed he had pulled the wool over Capps eyes, and that would give him an advantage to keep an eye on him.  
His next step was to call the local city officer about Nat Thorne being undercover and put him in the loop and asked him to cooperate to the fullest.  He would contact this Nat Thorne and tell him the local police officer was in the loop and would not get in the way or reveal who he was.  Sheriff Capp sat in his office waiting for the FBI fingerprint data base to spit out the identity of the prints taken off the gun Nat Thorne checked in.  It still had its serial numbers and that was being checked as well.


Chapter 6
Aunt Nellie Tells a Tale of Lies and Truths


When Sheriff Capp managed to get home that evening for supper, he was noticeable preoccupied in his thoughts.  The rest of his day was spent going over routine Sheriff work, assigning deputies to the coverage of various Fourth of July events and firework shows. He went over firework permits, approved much of them, and had a few questions on just a few. These he handed over to a deputy to follow-up on, and to clarify some safety issues with the organizers and local Fire Departments.  All in all, the Fourth was going to be a busy weekend for his department.  During all this work his thoughts was constantly going back to the visitor this morning, the fake FBI Agent.  
Normally, he would have arrested the guy right away after finding out his credentials were phony.  Something told him that there was more to this then a phony conman trying some scheme to bilk citizen’s out of some money or property.  The fact that this fake agent claimed he was looking for a fugitive and his story had some truth to it when the sheriff considered this kind of FBI operation was normal when an agent went undercover.  With that grain of truth.  Who was this guy looking for?  The Sheriff also considered that getting hold of an authentic FBI badge and ID, was not an easy thing to do.  He had made another call to his former FBI supervisor and asked him to check the background of the real Nathanial J. Hawthorne and if he had made a report of a robbery, or a family member while the agent was in the nursing home.  It might explain how this fake agent got his ID and badge.  It dawned on him that the real Agent Hawthorne may even had an official history with the fake agent, one of his cases.  It might link the two together and how he got ahold of the official FBI badge.
Later that afternoon, his suspicions were confirmed, when both the fingerprints from the gun, and a call back from his former supervisor linked them to a former case the real Agent Hawthorne had worked on 13 years ago.  The case of a missing Federal witness who was being placed under the Witness protection program, and then disappeared before they could arrange it. Agent Hawthorne was the witnesses handler, a case involving an organized crime boss, and the witness who had seen the crime boss murder someone.  The case was dismissed when the DOJ failed to present the witness at the Trail.  Agent Hawthorne took it personal when he failed to protect the witness.  He retired a few years later when the FBI were unable to find the fitness.  To date the FBI, officially believe the witness is dead by the hands of the crime boss as their own efforts have failed to find this witness in the 13 years since he faded off the end of the earth.  Also, the fingerprints from the gun match a known confederate of this crime boss, a man who is known as a Fixer.  Who is skilled at finding people, burying evidence, and disposing of loose ends? 
The FBI and other law agencies have never been able to pin anything on this guy.  His operational mode is to keep the lowest profile, a ghost in the woodwork, who never has face to face contact with those who hire him.  The fact they have fingerprints on file, links this man to two crimes. The newest link is the only lead they have to linking him to the owner of the prints to a suspected crime a two months ago.  A Prostitute who died of a supposed self-overdose of Oxycontin mixed in a bottle of whiskey.  Evidence showed later that the original prescription and pills remaining where from one drug maker, who had an added neutral ingredient, a marker that would allow the pills to be traced to them. Two additional pills in the bottle, though identical in its ingredients and appearance, had a different marker leading authority to a different drug maker.  The victim was a transient with no ID, or personal papers, except for having a local Doctor treat her for a back problem. The local pharmacy did not deal with the drug maker who made the added pills. The local investigation discovered none of the pharmacies in that state sold that drug. Her fingerprints came up a blank.  Apparently never picked up for prostitution, or any crime. The suspects thumb print was pulled from the cap of the Pill bottle, and an index finger from inside of the Pill bottle.  No witnesses of him coming and going from the victims room.
The second link is older, and the common link to the missing Witness and Crime Boss. They were pulled from a letter the witness received threating him and we are coming for you.  The FBI still do not know how this guy knew where to send this letter.  One reason Agent Hawthorne resigned.  He blames himself for some careless leak on his part.  They have never been able to prove this.  Sheriff then learned they are sending someone undercover to aid him.  They told the Sheriff, the undercover agent will take a room at the Walkers Inn, so they too can keep an eye on this man.  It may be the only chance to a get a good look at him and some candid shots of his mug.  They on their way now, and it is someone you know too, so there will not be any problems identifying her.  Her instructions are to be in deep cover so she will not be checking in with the Sheriff per protocol.   When she arrives, do not openly acknowledge her when if you see her on the streets.  She will be posing as a Geologist interested in the Valley’s unique two river formation.  This will give her a good cover to be wondering around the town and valley.  The FBI believe their suspect will be doing the same as well as, looking for this fugitive of his.  Their agents goal is to put on some charm and get this guy to let down his walls.  Got it, was the last thing Sheriff Capps former Supervisor told him, before ending the call.
The Sheriff having some experience in deep undercover work as an FBI agent, informed his deputies only what they needed to know regarding the report from the FBI and the fingerprint results.  The rest he kept close to his chest.  He also, knew who the female agent was, his own former partner on many cases.  She was exceptionally good in her job in deep undercover work.  She could handle herself in any tight situation that might arise.  Feeling confident that this fake agent would be under surveillance by the FBI, his own office, and the local police, they will be able to stop this guy from any serious trouble.  
A Fixer is an experienced man, capable of doing harm and slipping away unnoticed. There biggest advantage is being an unknown, unexpected threat to their victim.  Just as unknown to local authority to their presence.  Sheriff Capp breathed a sigh of relief, that unknown and unexpected element was removed by the Fixer’s foolish believe that he pulled the wool over this hillbilly Sheriff.  So, he was going to return the favor. Then went home for supper.  As the Sheriff sat at the supper table preoccupied in though, his family noticed.  Dr. Mom spoke up.  “Dear, what is bothering you. You have not eaten a bite.  Aunt Nellie fixed your favorite meal before she left for her Charity League meeting at the library.”
“Oh, what?” He noticed the Irish stew on his plate. “Sorry dear, it has been an exceptionally busy day at work.  Just cannot put aside one problem”.  He then decided that he needed to protect his family, and the best way to do so is to share that problem.  “There was an incident at work.  I cannot go into full details yet, but it does involve an old friend of mine from the FBI.  Word has come down that they are concerned about a fugitive who may be hiding out in this area.  Do not worry, it is not a violent man, more of a white-collar crime with no history of violence. The suspect as some knowledge the FBI needs.  He slipped out of their hands, before they could get that knowledge.  I afraid it’s a situation of some other guys who are also looking for this fugitive to prevent that information from getting out.” Sheriff Clapp told his family at the table.
Roy piped up. “Gee, Sheriff, this sounds like a movie plot where The Rock, is running from the mob, and the Mob are looking for him.  While the coppers are also looking for The Rock.  Then everyone collides in an epic battle of fists, gore, and bullets where the Rock walks away in the Sunset and all the bad guys are dead.”
“Whoa there Roy, as a former FBI agent, we seldom get involved in epic battles of fists, gore and bullets. Though nice touch with the Rock walking away in the Sunset. Seriously boys, in most cases it is lots of leg work and paperwork behind the scenes, and undercover work where the bad guys are caught unaware and nowhere near their guns.  Which makes our job safe?  I do believe that is the case here.  Low profile work, observation, and a quick fast grab is what will be involved.  No fists, gore, and bullets.  In most cases no one will know there are agents around.  That is what being a highly trained FBI agent is all about.  Protocol dictates that any FBI or law agency operation outside my jurisdiction need to check in with local authority.  That is me in this county.  I have not been asked to take a direct hand in their investigation as most of it is very  low profile.  I do know enough about the investigation and details as it was a courtesy afforded me, and it did help that I was once one of theirs.  Trust is important in these cases, that local authority can work together and not interfere with low profile cases.  With serious issues, we are asked to help in any way we can, sometimes as backup and support.  I truly do not believe my department will be directly involved at this time.”  
The Sheriff added, “My concern is keeping the locals citizenry from being aware and worried when there is nothing to worry about.  On the other hand, I also have the responsibility to protect those citizens, if something does go awry. So, what I am asking you Charley, Roy, and Denny to be alert of any out of the ordinary happenings in this town. You can bring Jimmy and Roger in on it okay.  Just remember I need ears and eyes, no action or meddling on the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club’s part. You are to blend in the shadows.  Report to me your suspicions and I will let you know if it is something that concerns me and if it does not concern me.  If it concerns me, I will take the steps needed to handle it.  If it does not concern me, it means it is being handled by the FBI and I cannot comment.  Do not, I repeat, do not get directly involved.  A good deep uncover role is observation and remaining unnoticed.  As local kids, and respected by many of your peers and adults, you will not appear as busybodies or draw attention yourselves. Be normal boys having lighthearted fun during summer break from school.  I take that back, being normal means none of that teen high jinks, and getting into trouble.  Stay away from Jake Lakes cronies, and don’t put your noses where it don’t belong.” The Sheriff commanded.
“Gee, Sheriff, can’t expect us to be saints, were 14 now with raging hormones and pent-up angst being locked up in that prison you call public school for 9 months.” Charley chimed in.
“Okay boys toe the line or no camping. I mean it, I need your help, do not make me regret it.” Turning to Denny.  “Denny you been quiet. Wants on your mind son?”
Denny stumbled over his words. “Sheriff, yesterday, Aunt Nellie gave me a letter from my Mother, who asked her to keep it for me until I was old enough to read it. In it, my Mother spoke about my Father and explained a lot about the troubles he was in.  She was very mysterious about who he is and exactly why he left my Mother suddenly. Though hinted that he was in trouble and had to go away to protect her and me, that people were looking for him.  I have been thinking about this FBI thing you are telling us.  I was wondering if there is a connection.” Denny told the Sheriff.
“Denny where is this letter.” The Sheriff asked Denny.
“Mother told me to burn it after I read it.  She hinted that she did not want anyone to find it.  She also said she was telling my Father; she knew where he was hiding back then. That Aunt Nellie was going to take care of me, that she, my Mother, told Aunt Nellie to take me and relocate where no-one would find her. Mother told me in her letter she was also going to disappear too.” Denny revealed.
The Sheriff looked Denny in the eyes. “Denny anything else in the letter you have not told us?”
Yes, Sheriff, but it was personal, about why Mother, why she had to abandon me. She was going through some difficult times after my Father left.  I do not think I can share it yet.  It is hurtful yet explains much about what my Mother was going through.  I am not sure I am old enough to understand it yet.  Some of it is embarrassing.  I won’t want someone like Jake to find out you understand.” Denny was near tears.  Everyone at the table saw how difficult it was for Denny telling about his Mother’s letter.
“I understand son, if I could read the letter, I promise I will keep it close to my heart.  You do not have to share anymore, until you are ready to share it.” The Sheriff told Denny.
“Thank you, Sheriff, but I burned the letter as Mother told me. Sorry.” Denny apologized.
“Yes, you did son, I would have.” The Sheriff sat back in his chair, picking at his Irish Stew. 
“But I did scan a copy to my computer though, then burned the letter.” Denny explained.
The Charley shouted. “Now that’s the ‘Denny the Menace’ we all know.  Way to go boy.”  Charley also sensed how important the letter was to the Sheriff, but also understood Denny reluctance to share its personal message. The Sheriff told the twins to eat their meal.  They groaned but obeyed.  
The Sheriff, jumped up from the table, taking Denny’s hand took him to the attic, to his workroom where his computer was. Dr. Mom got up and answered the phone as it just started ringing.  She took a message for the Sheriff.  Standard rule in the Capp household, the Sheriff is off duty during a meal, unless it is a gang of Zombies rampaging through the countryside, he will get back with you after he finishes his meal.
Sitting at his desk Denny explained his security files and how they were coded with a double password.  Denny told the Sheriff to turn his back and he would get the micro disk from its hiding place.  Inserting the disk, Denny explained that the file is print protected and even he cannot unlock the protection.  The sheriff would have to read the file in person.  Denny opened the file and left the attic so the Sheriff could read the letter in privacy.  Denny retreated to his bed, fell into one of his episodes. It lasted for 3 days. Watch full eyes, and checking in on him by the twins, Dr. Mom, and Aunt Nellie monitored the boys health.  They knew it was a matter of time, and he would slip out of it.  They knew he was responsive enough to eat and do his toiletry though sometimes there where accidents that Aunt Nellie or Dr. Mom took care of. 
The Sheriff had written down some key information from the letter. The Sheriff closed the file, retrieved the disk, and took it to his safe at the sheriff station the next day.  Then shared what he learned with the FBI, keeping mum of personal details to save Denny embarrassment. 
The Twins, meeting with Jimmy and Roger at the boat house later that morning, explained what was happening with Denny, about the letter, and what he shared about it. The biggest news was how it may be linked to why the Sheriff was asking them to be vigilant around town and report to him any suspicious activities out of the ordinary for this town.  Right off the bat, Jimmy told them of the two new guests at the Inn. Jimmy said that one guest registered as Nat Hawthorne, a state census official, that he was doing a follow-up on local population growth in the county. He told his Mother that he was doing research on growth patterns, who was old family members of a community, and who were new people moving into the community.  What the newcomers did for a living, age statistic, how long they had been in the community, and the like.  
The other new guest, Mr. Harry Anderson was a member of the Audubon Society, doing a survey of domestic birds, and wild fowl in the valley. He came with some very expensive Digital cameras, telephoto lenses, tripods, and cases. He told his Mother he was interested in hiring a local teen to help him carry his equipment and guide him around the river valley.  His Mother said she would think about who would be most acknowledgeable about the area and let him know tomorrow before he went out to conduct his survey.  The boys agreed that one of them could take that job. The twins decided it would be best that they did not get involved giving the fact that their Father was the sheriff. Just in case this guy was under deep cover from the FBI.  Jimmy decided that he could keep tap on the census taker as much as he could between his chores at the Inn.  Roger could take the job with the Audubon fellow.  
The Sheriff had cautioned the Twins that morning that Denny should not be involved, given his current episode, and possible link to the case, until the Sheriff could rule out that link.  Something Jimmy said about the two Inn guest sounded off to Charley.  Jimmy said that both men took great lengths to avoid each other.  In Jimmy’s words it looked like they were trying too hard to act like strangers, to the point of being rude to each other. Charley said he would report to the Sheriff their suspicious, but not tell the Sheriff about Roger working for the Audubon guy and Jimmy keeping tabs on the census taker. The Sheriff did say do not take direct action.
Before going to bed, the twins told the Sheriff what Jimmy revealed about the two new guests at the Inn.  The Sheriff told the twins, that he was aware of the census taker, but not this Mr. Anderson.  He also thought it was off too, that they were trying too hard to ignore each other to the point of rudeness.  What he did not tell the Twins, that neither was the FBI. He sent the twins to bed, then checked in on Aunt Nellie who was keeping a watch full eye on Denny.  He confided to Aunt Nellie that he feared that the boy’s Father was involved in this current FBI matter.  He talked to Aunt Nellie, about recent DNA mapping and data collection where many people voluntarily registered there DNA with public data bases, as well as a DNA data base run by the FBI.  He asked Aunt Nellie if she had anything of the boy’s Mother that would hold her DNA, like a hair sample kept in a locket.  Aunt Nellie said no, she never had a chance to get one.  
Then the Sheriff asked if it would be okay to take a hair sample of the boy, which would be just as good.  They could use it to trace his Mother or Father just in case they were in the data base, with a current address. Aunt Nellie clipped a generous sample of Denny’s hair and gave to the Sheriff.  He did not reveal his thoughts about the boy’s Mother being the Fixer’s recent victim.  He would first thing in the morning send the sample off to the state police lab who could test the DNA.  They would send their findings to the FBI Data base and private DNA Data base.  Sheriff Capp was hoping he was wrong about the boy’s Mother, but had to be honest, his instincts told him he would have the difficult duty to tell the boy his Mother was dead.
***
Four days passed and Denny woke up early that morning.  When he usually woke up from an episode, he was dazed and confused. The twins found him at the breakfast table munching on his favorite cereal. 
“Hey, Roy Boy, Denny’s back from his trip to the moon.  How you are feeling boy, better yet, what do you remember.” Charley asked. It was routine to ask Denny what he remembered before he went into one of his episodes.  This was how they checked if his episode had any permanent damage to his memory.  In most cases, it was short lived, rarely any serious loses. 
“I remember, letting the Sheriff read the letter on my computer, then left the attic for my bed. After that, it is a blank.  How long this time Charley.” Asked Denny. 
“Oh, your best record to date, four whole days, and nights.” Roy said.
“So,” Denny said, “Who won the bet this time.”
“I did.” Aunt Nellie said has she came in the kitchen from her bedroom, “Welcome back, when you are up to it, I have a story to tell you boys, call Jimmy and Roger if they are not too busy.  Arrange a meeting at the Boat house just after Lunch.” Aunt Nellie told the boys.
“What kind of story Aunt Nellie asked Denny.
“Oh, you know, one about Lies and Truths. Now eat your cereal Denny, get up to your bath, and take a shower.  The rest of you stinkers could use one too after you get your breakfast then do your chores.  You can update Denny afterwards on what is going on around here.  Bust it boys, I got to get this mess cleaned up and run errands into town.”  The Twins hustled to eat their breakfast, while Denny took his shower and dressed in fresh clothes. Then took their showers. 
After morning chores, the twins updated Denny on the guests at the Walker Inn, and how Roger was helping this Mr. Anderson take his photo survey of ordinary waterfowl, local Robins and Sparrows. Roger said the guy was more interested in the background of his shots, then want birds where in the shot.  Most shots where of people coming out of their houses in the background.  The guy asked Rodger for locations where there where newcomers to the town and avoided any area’s with no houses at all.  He also seemed to know in advance of where some of these newcomers lived.  The census taker was always traveling around the county looking at community populations records.  Mr. Anderson was often going out of town himself with a rental car, when he did not take Roger with him, but his equipment as if he were going to take pictures.  
Then the twins told Denny of the third guest to show up at the Walker Inn the day after the other two arrived.  She was a Geologist researching the river valley and its geological formations. When they told the Sheriff, he made it clear no comments. So, who was the FBI in deep cover at the inn?  The census taker, the bird watcher, or the Geologist.  The Twins said Sarah Baker was a very friendly person, always said high to Jimmy, and his sister Terri.  Had conversations with Mrs. Walker, was flirting with the census taker when she was not out in the valley with her test equipment.  Jimmy even had an opportunity to ask her questions about Geology and she was one hundred percent right on with the right answers. The Geologist showed Jimmy her testing equipment and how her chemicals help her determine what her soil and rock samples were composed off. She even had a Geiger counter to test radio activity in the rocks cliffs, which helped her determine the age.  Her Geology training made it possible for her to recognize cliff formations and age of the valley.  Everything about her was legit. Jimmy and Roger agreed that she was not the FBI agent, nor someone who concerned them when they did a computer check of her College degree, and position as an Assistant Geology professor at her Alma Mater when she was not in the field doing research.  So, the boys concentrated on the other two guys.  They told Denny the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club was being careful, while still enjoy other activities of the summer.  Roger was actually getting paid well for helping out the Audubon guy.  The Sheriff took their reports with some seriousness, while relating it was helpful, yet he could not comment on how it was helpful. 
With Denny updated, the twins, had lunch, then went to the Boat house to meet Jimmy and Roger. Aunt Nellie promised to bring down Soda’s and chips for the boys to snack on.  Jimmy and Roger came to the Boat house from the flats not wanting to alert anyone to their whereabouts. They had just arrived a few minutes before the Twins, and Denny arrived.  The boys did a survey of the area, and inside the Boat house, since Jake had managed to infiltrate the Boat house to overhear the twins talk about Denny. When everything was clear, they buzzed the house on the new intercom that was installed as added security.  Aunt Nellie arrived shortly with the soda’s and chips. When everyone was settled with their snacks. Aunt Nellie started her story about the Lies and the Truth.
“Well, where to start.  First off, Denny’s letter from his Mother ask him to ask me about a story about Lies and Truths.  At first, I was not sure what his Mother meant.  I had to think about all the adventures I have had and what stores I told you boys already and which ones I have not told. I  be old, but not that old to have that many adventures in my lifetime.  Then I remembered that my Grand Niece and I had only two adventures together.  The first one was when she was only 15 years old, it was a tame adventure even for me, to be honest.  No wild and Woolley adventure.  I promised my brother I would be nice and hold back that wild side of me and protect his granddaughter.” 
 “I was truthful to him and took Denny’s Mother on a safe cruise to the Mediterranean Sea.  I made sure to pass the French Riviera, the gambling center of the region, went on to Sicily, Rome, Florence, and Venice.  From there we went to Greece, down to Egypt to cruise the Nile, then over to the Red Sea, then down to the Indian ocean. We visited Delhi, Bombay in India, crossed over to Madagascar.  Then on to South Africa by boat, sailed around Cape Horn  to Cape Town up the western coast to Spain and then back to Ireland.  It took us nearly 9 months. During all that time we visited museums, and ancient ruins.  Seen most of the 7 wonders of the world. Though I must be honest I was inching at the bridle for sure, for I wanted to visit a few haunts of mine, but kept to my promise to curb my wild side.  I brough my darling Grandniece home still a virgin.  Maybe I should not have said it that way to your boys.  Forget I said that, please save this old lady any shame boys.” Aunt Nellie pleaded.
“It was not until Denny’s Mother was 17, that we had our next adventure together. I had lost my Half-Brother to a heart attack and as he was my Grandniece’s Grandfather who raised her, she mourned him deeply.  As did I.  I was 15 years younger than my Half-Brother, the last of my siblings.  So, I decided to take her away from her grief and show her a good time my style. I had inherited my share of my Brother’s vast fortune the rest he left to his only son, The Twins and Denny’s Grandfather, Dr. Mom’s Father my nephew here in Apple Valley as it was known then  I had my own fortune from my Father though it was dwindling.  We left for another world tour this time to America, South America, Japan, Hong Kong, Indonesia, and the Middle East and ports in between.   This time it was not the educational tour of our first adventure together. I should have known better, being of middle age then, a Spinster, and still full of wild oats and wild notions that were not the image of an old Spinster.”  
“We spent time together with a wild crowd in the most popular hotspots in New York our first port of call, then Miami, Houston, Los Angeles the city of the angels.  I warn you boys, it was not the city of the angels back then nor is it now.  From there it was Mexico City, Rio De Janeiro, on to Buenos Aires, across the mountains to Chile, across the Pacific to Indonesia, Middle East, and Hong Kong and finally to Japan, from there back to San Francisco, California.  I had decided it was time I settled down while I still had some money to live comfortably on. Denny’s Mother was 18 by then and had control of her Grandfathers small legacy he left her.  We went on to Chicago, where I decided to stay.  I sent my Grandniece on to New York where she was to await a plane back to Ireland.  I learned from her Father she never left New York, that she had decided to stay there to go to the University of New York.”

“It was then that I first lied to her Father that I would keep a close eye on her and promised I would move to New York and we could both live together.  I let myself get distracted in Chicago. Six months later, after not hearing from her.  I arrived with my trunks and baggage to her apartment, to surprise her. She surprised me with a young man four years older than she was, in her arms and she was pregnant with Denny.  At first, I was horrified.  I asked her if her Father knew the conditions she was in and if she was married. I was not an old prude back then, nor am I now.  I was concerned that she was being taken advantage of because of her wealth, small as it was.  Denny’s Father explained that he was a recent college grad, in finance, and had a new job on Wall Street though at the lowest level of the Totem pole. He graduated the top of his class and his Father and Mother where old money from New England. The name he had given me at that time was O’Tomas, Richard O’Tomas.  I was relieved at first, she done well in finding a good man.
I asked where they had met, and to my horror again, Denny’s Father told me in a dive in Greenage village, where Denny’s Mother was working tables. I asked myself why she was working tables, when she had money enough for a good apartment, food, and clothing to last decades if she was frugal.  I knew then that something was amiss.” “A couple of days later, when I had time to speak with Denny’s Father alone, I learned that he had found her drunk, high on drugs, who knew what. He took her home, sobered her out, and convinced her to stay sober.  Which she did. Four months later, she was pregnant and still sober. Richard told me that when she first arrived at New York and decided to stay and attend the University, she had gotten into the wrong crowd at campus.  At a campus party she had been slipped something in her drink and from there she lost all sense of time.”  
“When Richard found her, she had hit rock bottom, had no memory of her past before coming to New York. When she sobered up, she remembered why she was in New York, where she lived, and who her family were in Ireland, though a bit foggy on that note.  She was afraid to call  me, or her Father, when they found out she was pregnant, it only made matter worse.  They could not get married yet, given she was an Irish citizen without her passport.  It had been stolen during the time of her troubles and lost memories. 
 I told Richard though she lived most of her life in Ireland, her Mother was an American citizen. Her Father a Doctor here in the states, born in Ireland. Her Mother died given birth to her while in Ireland visiting her Father-in-law. Denny’s Mother has a dual citizenship. Why the confusion of the Irish citizenship?  Her Grandfather raised her, as his son was stricken by grief and quilt for asking his wife to travel abroad pregnant. He already had an older daughter at home in high school, at the time.  The arrangement worked for my brother as he had been recently widowed himself.”
“Denny’s Mother promised me not to tell her Father she was pregnant, nor her troubles with drugs and drink.  Richard and was going to marry her as soon as they had the citizenship paperwork straighten out.  I stayed in New York in my own apartment.  I told my nephew that everything here in New York was fine, that his daughter was in school and doing fine, working on a degree in Nursing and that she was dating an up-and-coming Wall street financial wiz fresh from college and from a well to do New England family.  These where the lies and truths, lies mixed with half-truths.  As Denny’s impending birth neared, Richard after a hard-late night work at his firm, returned home on the subway.  
It was as I learned later from Denny’s Mother that he had witnessed a murder on the subway station has the train slowed down for a bend in the tunnel.  A couple of men had been shoving around another when one pulled out a gun and shot the man.  Richard was in the last car its only passenger to witness the murder before it carried on to the next station.”  
“When the train stopped at the next station Richard called the police to report the murder. From the mug shots he recognized the man with the Gun, a local crime boss who was known to do his own dirty work, but never got caught at it.  Richard said he was willing to testify as long as his name and face could be kept out of the paper until after the trial.  The FBI stepped in and assured Richard they would put him in a safe house until the trial and later a witness protection program.  As far as the defended knew an unidentified witness came forward and was under wraps in a safe house.  No news leaked out to who, or any particulars about family members.  Richard from the beginning kept any knowledge about Denny’s Mother to the FBI and was able to warn her to keep low before they took him to the safe house.  What happened next, I do not know Denny, your Mother never knew.  All she knows is that the last time he contacted her he was on the run from some very bad men, told her to stay hidden and never acknowledge him.  You were only one year old, then your Mother also disappeared with you. I hired private Detectives to find her, but they could not.”
“I had not heard from her until three years later when she asked me to take care of you.  She was frank with me about her troubles at the time dealing with drugs and drinks.  That you had been diagnosed with Autism.  Of course, I was going to take you, there was no doubt in that.  She asked me to relocate from New York to avoid anyone from knowing where you were at. I decided and came here with you to your Grandfather where no one would find us.  As you know the letter from your Mother tells you she at that time was in contact with your Father and was going to let him know I had the boy.  I told your Grandfather you where his grandson, and as much as I could about your Fathers troubles and why I had you.  Why I lied to him. I left much out about your Mother’s past to save him from that knowledge.  He was already having troubles with his heart even then.  After your Grandfather died Denny, I told your Aunt and Uncle much of the same story. There are somethings that do not need to be shared, let the past be just that the past.  I had already bought this house, and after some expansion.  The moved in with the Twins, Dr. Mom took over the clinic after her dad died, and Denny’s Uncle retired from the FBI and was elected as county Sheriff here.”   
Wherever your Mother is now Denny, we can only hope she is sober and doing well.  Just so you know boys. It’s not a simple world out there. When you get older you will understand that sometimes we have to make sacrifices when it comes to Lies and the Truth.  Denny’s Mother made hers, and I protected those truths with lies, so that the Truth will not hurt our loved ones.” Aunt Nellie explained.
 “Aunt Nellies right boys”.  said Dr. Mom.
***


Chapter 7
Dr. Mom Saves a Life
Startled, Aunt Nellie gasped.  “Doctor, you must not scare me so.  This old heart of mine will not take such a fright.” Aunt Nellie, patting her chest, her breath labored tried to rise out of her chair, then collapsed back down, slumping in her chair.
Dr. Mom rushed to Aunt Nellie, shouting to Charley, “run boy get my black bag.”  Boys clear the couch and help me get Aunt Nellie to lie down.  Aunt Nellie resting on the couch. Dr. Mom unhooked the top buttons of Aunt Nellie’s blouse.  “Damn Women, when are you going to learn how to wear a bra, look away boys, better yet, step outside.”
Charley, came rushing into the Boat house out of breath, handed Dr. Mom’s medical bag.  He turned around and joined the others waiting outside.  Every boys face was pale, the blood drained from freight. Charley bent over trying to catch his breath.
Dr. Mom took out her stethoscope and listen to Aunt Nellie heart.  She then took her pulse.  Moments later she had her Blood pressure cuff around Aunt Nellie, taking a reading.  Seconds later she popped a Nitro tab under Aunt Nellie’s tongue. “Roy, call the clinic, Code blue, have them get an ambulance here stat.  You boys best go to the house and stay out of the way. Aunt Nellies had a heart attack, her vitals are weak, but she hanging in there.  Charley, Radio the Sheriff, alert him it is a code Blue Stable; I repeat code Blue Stable.  He will understand.” Dr. Mom told Charley.
 Roy passed the boys returning to the house, He ran on to tell Dr. Mom the ambulance was on its way. He then turned around to catch up to the other boys. “Stop Roy”, Dr. Mom ordered. “Keep an eye on Denny, son, keep him in his room please. Go now, everything will be okay.” As Roy turned around and raced back to the house, Dr. Mom retook Aunt Nellies blood pressure. “Come on old lady, hold on, please not now, we need you still.” As professional as she was, Dr. Mom could not hold back a few tears.  Sirens could be heard approaching the house.  Five minutes later, the Sheriff arrived at Boat house.  With speed and efficiency, the paramedics had their patient in the Gurney, strapped down and hooked up to an EKG, oxygen, and other portable monitors.  Up the embankment, and in the ambulance.
Roy had taken Denny to his room where he could not see the medics load Aunt Nellie in the ambulance. He understood Dr. Mom’s concern.  This kind of stress could send the boy into another serious episode so soon after the last.  Dr. Mom rode with the ambulance to the clinic, while the sheriff told the boys to stay put, reassuring them Aunt Nellie was in good hands.  If the neighbors call, tell them Aunt Nellie had a mild Heart Attack, but will be okay, no need to alarm them unnecessarily.  Jimmy, Roger, can you stay, I am sure the twins and Denny would appreciate it.” The Sheriff asked the two.
“Sure Sheriff”, the two stated.  We will call our Mothers and let them know the situation. I am sure they will want to know before the rumors get out.”
“Thank you, boys, I’ll keep in touch Charley.  The clinic has a fine heart doctor to care of your Aunt and your Mother will assist I am sure. Thank God, she was here for Aunt Nellie.  If you have any chores yet to do, it might be best if Roy, and you keep busy, I’m sure Jimmy and Roger will pitch in.” The Sheriff left the boys.
The boys stood there for a moment, at a loss.  Jimmy broke the silence.  “I will call my Mother and she can call Roger’s Mother. Best not to tie the phone up.”
After Jimmy called his Mother, they went up to Denny’s room where they found Denny in Roy’s arms.  The boy was sobbing violently.  Roy had tears streaming down his cheeks.  Charley, Jimmy, and Roger joined Roy and Denny for a group hug.  No one spoke for a long time. The tears finally dried up, Denny was the first to speak.
“Hey, Boys, get off me, I can’t breathe.  Roy’s got a grasp like a Gorilla.” The boys broke up laughing, just to show how resilient they were.  Charley told Roy; the Sheriff suggested they do any chores they had left to do to keep busy.  Roy looked at his Twin.
“Hey Charley boy, I can’t think of anything that needs to be done today.” Hinted Roy.
“Got that right Roy.  Though I think we do need to clean up the Boat house of our soda’s and dishes before the raccoons find them.” Before the boys headed for the Boat house, they made sure the outdoor phone speaker was on to alert them to a phone call.  The sheriff had given it some serious thought to have an extension phone installed at the Boat house but had yet to do so.  On the way to the Boat house, Roy whispered to Charley.
“Dr. Mom said to keep a close eye on Denny. This has got to be tough on him, just coming out a of bad episode.  If we keep him busy and distracted it will help Charley boy.”
“Got that right Roy, once we get the Boat house cleared of trash, why don’t we surprise Denny with the new sleeping bag we got him.  We can then talk about our camping trip, and the Fourth of July.  We could turn on the Police scanner and see what is going on.  Maybe, catch some Federal Traffic.  The Sheriff, let it slip what their frequency was for this area.” Charley explained.
“Hey that’s right, maybe our undercover guy has a portable radio we don’t know about.  We could pick up a report or something.” Roy stated.
***
It did not take long for the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club to tidy the Boat house up.  After that, they presented Denny with the new sleeping bag.  Denny was ecstatic with joy, thanked the twins for the gift.  Then they sat down to talk about the camping plans. Jimmy reported, “Grandfather Tom had been busy this summer building a new firepit at the campsite and laying up seasoned wood for the fire. He even decided to build a new Lean-to in the woods so that we would have a decent shelter for our supplies.  He as cleared the area of brush and scrub to create a large fire break just in case we get careless. Hey, his words, Boys will be boys, Grandfather said. He is now spraying the area with a strong bug spray to keep those blood suckers off us. By the time we make camp it will be reasonably clear of them. That wood is old wood, no wetlands except at the river, and where we will be camping out, has always been a dry area free of breeding Mosquitoes and Ticks.  But the Vampires do travel when they get the scent of some fresh blood to suck.” 
“Grandfather is setting up a 50-gallon freshwater tank on a stand designed for campsites.  He told me that when my Father was a young boy, he had a similar set up at the same campsite where his own Grand Apple Valley Adventure club camped out for years until they left high school and moved on to college.  We will have an iron spit and grill set up with small cast iron pots, frying pans he has restored, the same set up my Father used, where we can roast and cook our meals.”
“Gee, Jimmy.” Roy asked. “Did he put in an air conditioner, Cable TV, and a Refrigerator for our soda’s.”
The boys laughed at Roy.  “You can take Roy out into the wilds, but you cannot take his modern comforts away.” Roger laughed.  
Jimmy added, “Grandfather Tom made it very clear what was good for his son.  Is good for his grandson and his Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.  Jimmy did tell the boys, that he purchased a portable camping chemical toilet for the boys to use.  It was designed to set over a pit in the ground and the chemicals biodegradable and safe for the environment. It has a canvas wall around it for privacy, just bring lots of toilet paper.  Grandfather Tom says bathing is optional, but strongly suggest we  bath downstream from where we will be swimming in Rainbow Stream. Did not want to smell the stink at the farmhouse up wind from the woods.” Jimmy laughed.
“Jimmy tell Grandfather Tom, we Irishmen do not stink, we rub Irish Spring soap under our armpits daily, don’t need water.” Denny fell out of his chair laughing oafishly.  The twins, jumped on Denny, plummeting him with their fist, shouting.
“So that’s why your shower time is in one second and out the next second. Your cheating on the water you stinky Leprechaun”. The twins laughed.
Just then the Phone from the house rang, it is rings echo reaching them through their merriment over the loudspeaker.  Roy jumped up and raced to the house.  The boys close behind them.  Roy picked up the extension on the kitchen phone.  “Sheriff any news”.
“No Roy, this is Mrs. Walker.  I was wondering if there was any updates on Aunt Nellie.”
“Sorry, Mrs. Walker none yet.” Roy explained.
“Well, Roy, maybe that’s good news, I’m sure your Aunt Nellie will pull through. She a very strong Irish woman.” Mrs. Walker stated. 
“You got that right Mrs. Walker.” Roy replied.
“Well, let me talk with Jimmy please,” Roy handed the phone over to Jimmy. “it is your Mother”.
Jimmy looked at Roy, with that look that said, ‘I figured that out when you said Mrs. Walker.”  Jimmy had a brief conversation with his Mother. Then hung up the phone, turned to the boys. “Mother said Terri, and Roger’s sister, where dropping by with a hot pizza, figured we needed something to eat for dinner. They are on their way now in the family car. She promised they will not stay and babysit us.”
“Hey,” Charley insisted, “We do not need a babysitter. That sister of Roger is a tyrant.” 
“You got that right Charley; I have to live with that tyrant 365/24/7.” Agreed Roger. 
Just then Susy and Terri walked in with the Pizza, and cold soda’s. “Who’s a Tyrant Roger.” Susy asked.
“Why you are Susy”, Roger joked. 
“Don’t you forget it Roger.” Susy and Terri laughed.
Terri, Jimmy’s sister, told him Mother said it was okay if he wanted to stay overnight, and that Roger’s sister said her parents said it was okay for Roger to stay as well.  The boys sat eating pizza and drinking soda while they talked with the girls.  Terri, and Susy expressed their concern about Aunt Nellie and the adults where concerned as well, awaiting news from the clinic and the Sheriff.  The phone rang that moment, Denny jumped up and answered it. 
“Yes, Sheriff, Thank God in heaven. Yes, Jimmy and Roger’s sister brough over pizza and soda, Jimmy and Roger will be spending the night also. Okay, tomorrow we can visit.” Denny hung up the phone.  Turned  to the others at the kitchen table.  The Sheriff said Aunt Nellie is awake and talking.  It was not a stroke, so no problems there. They are going to keep her in the clinic for a few days to keep her under observation.  Terri, Susy, the Sheriff appreciate your help, and please tell your parents that Aunt Nellie is out of danger. Limited visitor tomorrow,  immediate family only for now. The girls left to return home so they could do just that. After the girls left, the boys came together and gave Denny a big hug. They expressed their thanks to God and encouraged Denny to hold in there. 
They finished up their meal, cleaned up and retired to the living room where they played some video games but their hearts where not in it.  They decided to watch the evening news.  As soon as, they turned to the local news channel, they got a shock of their life.  Jake Lake was on the run. He had just escaped from the county Juvenile home with another older teen being held for nearly killing a merchant he was robbing. The news anchor said the older teen was dangerous, and authorities believe that Jake was forced to help the teen escape. A county Juvenile guard was attacked by the older teen, his stun gun taken, and security camera’s show Jake trying to stop the other teen from hurting the guard.  Then the older teen intimidating the Lake teen to help him escape. Authorities believe the boys were heading into a less populated area, where the older teen is known to camp out in.  Residents where encouraged to keep a sharp eye and report any sightings of these boys to local authorities in their area. Mugs shots of the two boys was shown on the news.  The older boy looked like a tough and dangerous teen, rough in features, and dark brooding eyes, which would scare a bear to run the other direction.  They knew what Jake looked like, but compared to this older teen, Jake was a saint.
Later that evening before the boys retired to bed, the Sheriff called and on the phone speaker, told the boys about Jake Lake. They told the Sheriff they had seen the evenings news about the teens escape. The Sheriff said they had a reliable report that the boys where seen heading south out of state after stealing a car. The same report states that Jake appeared terrified and that the other teen was holding Jake a hostage.  Mr. Lake reports that this older teen called and asked for money or he would hurt Jake, confirming that Jake was not a willing participant in the escape and attacking the guard.  The state authorities are alerted to this fact and will treat the case a hostage situation.  For now, if things change and they backtrack back into this area, we should not be concerned but stay alert to the news for updates.  He is taking a night shift at the station since he spent most of the day off on personal leave. He ended his call with, ‘behave yourself and no rough housing, well at least do not break any furniture or Lock Denny up in the closet again.’  The twins chimed in and said, ‘Hey we only that did once, he was being a royal pain in the backside Sheriff”. The Sheriff repeated his warning.  Dr. Mom will be at the clinic with Aunt Nellie until morning, so behave all of you. Then hung up.
The Twins looked at Denny, measuring him to see what closet he could fit in. Jimmy and Roger saw that look. Yelled at Denny to run while they held back the twins reminding them what the Sheriff said. Roy and Charley started laughing and shoed away the boys. ‘Just joking boys.’ The twins chimed.
“You better be Twins; I don’t think Denny will put up with it this time. He’s older and bigger and he has us to back him up.”  Jimmy threaten the twins. 
Gee, Jimmy, you know how to spoil the fun.” Roy said, then ran off with Jimmy not far behind, and Roger chasing Charley.  They ended up in the Twins room, wrestling on the floor shaking dust of the ceiling below. Denny walked in already dressed in his Pj’s. 
“Hey, you Hyena’s I am trying to get some sleep here.” Jimmy reach up and pulled Denny to the floor and started tickling him.  Then a pillow fight started and ended before feathers started flying.  Collapsing on the floor again, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club found their breath. Denny spoke up.  
“I know Jake Lake is a bully and a snake, but I wouldn’t wish this on him.  He has got to be scared.  I think we should first thing tomorrow visit his parents and let them know how sorry we are, and hope Jake will be alright.”
Charley agreed. “Denny’s right, it would be the right thing to do.  Jake did try to stop the other teen from hurting the guard.  No matter what Jake’s been going through in life, he was never a physically cruel teen crossing that line harming anyone. Always stopped and put his temper in check.  I agree with Denny, that I wouldn’t wish this on Jake, no matter what he did to us.”  The others agreed. 
Having settled that. Denny retired to his room to sleep. The other four gathered together in Charley’s room where there was room for all of them to sleep together. Roy would bunk with Charley, as he had a full-size bed.  Jimmy and Rodger arranged sleeping bags on the floor.  Roy check in on Denny, a routine they did every night to make sure he was okay.  Denning was snoring, a good sign he was in a normal sleep for him. When under one of his episodes, he never snored.  Returning to the other boys, he found them huddled together on the floor, talking about their watch on the guest at the Walker Inn.  Joining them on the floor Roy asked Jimmy a question that has been plaguing him since Aunt Nellies story about Lies and Truths.  
“Jimmy do you think there is any connection to Denny’s Father, and this missing fugitive the FBI is looking for.” Roy stated the obvious everyone else was thinking. 
“Roy, I was just expressing that same concern.  What Aunt Nellie,” Jimmy paused for moment a silent thanks she was alright, “told us, about Denny’s Father and him witnessing this crime. It is not a coincidence that these men are here in town for something else. I am sure and as sure that the Sheriff believes this too. As sure as I can that Dr. Mom also knows this too.  The Sheriff is not telling us everything because he believes he is protecting Denny.  As Aunt Nellie said, ‘we tell lies mixed with Truths, to protect those we love.’  Dr. Mom confirmed this when she said Aunt Nellie was right. I am sorry Twins that your Aunt Nellie had a heart attack. She has had a lot of things she has held tight to her chest. It’s a heavy burden to keep such a secret, only love can guard that secret so closely and not let it take you down to the final count.”  Jimmy went silent.
“When did you become so wise and old Jimmy.” Asked Charley.
“I do not know about being old, but I have always been wise Charley. Why do you think I am the leader of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club?” Jimmy said seriously. 
The Twins, and Roger picked up their pillows, and threw them at Jimmy, together yelling, “You have an overinflated Ego Jimmy, that’s why”. They answered him.
Jimmy, ducked the pillows, stared at the boys, and said “Sorry, I didn’t realize it was that bad.”
“Great,” Roy said, “now we have hurt his feelings. Gee he cannot take a joke this guy.”
“Give it up Roy, Jimmy will get over it by morning, I think.” Roger said. 
Gee, Jimmy, I really sorry we said that”, Charley apologized. 
Jimmy started laughing, “Got you Twins,” and threw the pillows back at them.
There was nothing wrong with Jimmy’s ego.  If there was ever a teen so well balanced in that department it was Jimmy.  That was why he was so well like by the Twins, Denny, Roger, and many of his peers. After a few moments of light horseplay, the twins dress in Pj’s, Jimmy and Roger kept  an overnight backpack handy in Charleys’ room for sleepovers. They settled down to sleep.
***
At the Sheriff station, Sheriff Capp was going over the latest intel regarding Jake and his situation. Everything was still indicating he was an unwilling participant. Until something changed in the direction this older teen was taking him. The Sheriff would leave it up to other counties to deal with it. Setting on his desk was a folder marked “immediate attention”.  It must have come in during the emergency with Aunt Nellie.  After opening it, he realized it was from the State crime lab regarding the DNA search he requested.  He hesitated, thinking of Aunt Nellie in the clinic resting from her Heart Attack.  He hoped the results where negative for her sake.  Again, his instincts said otherwise.  Reading through the preliminaries regarding the DNA markers he reached what concerned him the most. Matches to know DNA databases. Only one match was found related to a crime.  The Sheriff’s heart dropped. It was a 99.99% match.  
The Sheriff called Dr. Mom at the clinic. First got an update on Aunt Nellie from the duty nurse.  Then briefly ask his wife when she connected if she had taken a break yet. The Sheriff told her he would be over in 30 minutes and they can have a meal at the all-night coffee house across from the clinic. The clinic was a few minutes away.  The Sheriff met his wife at the coffee house, set down to coffee and a sandwich over small talk.  Sheriff asked, Dr. Mom if she had heard about Jake Lake being on the Lam.  She did, rumors flying around the clinic.  He set her straight on a few things and hope authorities can extract Jake from the hostage situation.
Then the Sheriff, got to the point. He let her in on what he had not told her from the FBI currents deep cover in town. That this fake agent was under suspicion of murder as his prints showed up at a murder scene of a transient prostitute. Her Identity was unknown until now until a DNA match was made. The Sheriff took his wife’s hands in his.  “The DNA match was Denny’s DNA, I’m sorry dear, your sister was murdered just over two months ago.  Authorities first thought it was a suicide and an overdose of Oxycontin and Whiskey. Later proved to be a murder.  Fingerprints from the scene belong to this fake agent we have been keeping an eye on. He is a Fixer for a crime boss in New York, and Denny’s Father witnessed this crime boss murder someone.   That is why his Father disappeared and your sister gave up her child to Aunt Nellie to protect them.  This Fixer fingerprints is also linked to the Father on evidence of a letter that was sent to the Father, which made the boy’s Father run to protect his family. This Fixer found your sister, still looking for the boy’s Father, taking care of loose ends, and why he is here now.”
Dr. Mom stood up panicking. “The boys, there alone at the house, there in danger.”  Damn you Sheriff getting them involved this.” She cried.
“Sit down dear. As we speak this man is being arrested right this moment on the evidence the DNA has proven linking this old FBI case, and to your sisters death and to why he is here.  Remember I told you that there was an agent in deep cover monitoring his movements while in town. Well, she is staying at the Inn, the Sarah Baker the boys talked about.  Actually, she was and is a real Geologist before joining the FBI, and my former partner.  Before, coming to meet you here, I alerted her handlers to give her the green light to arrest him.  She is good at her job, and has been, well, dating this guy and now at a restaurant with him.  He will not know what hit him. Literally if I know my former partner.”  His Radio beeped, and he took the call through his earpiece.  After a long conversation he disconnected. 
“Well, dear that is a confirmation. With back up from Undersheriff Jeff Hanson, also under cover in the restaurant, they managed to get this creep outside the restaurant unaware and unarmed. He is on his way to a cell at the station awaiting a federal transfer.  The boys are find, Oh, I also had someone watching the house tonight knowing the boys would be alone and most nights as well.  With my former partner at the Inn, Jimmy, and Roger, were both being watched over.  If I had not asked the boys to get involved, they would have inadvertently gotten involved anyways and maybe given the deep cover some problems.”  The Sheriff explained. 
“Promise me Sheriff, you don’t ever get our twins, Denny, Jimmy and Roger to be your Hardy boys again.” Dr. Mom commanded. 
“Yes, dear I promise, or you can divorce me.” The Sheriff laughed.
“I will not have to divorce you, I will be a widow, you got me Sheriff.” Dr. Mom did not laugh.  Then her beeper went off alerting her she was needed ASAP at the clinic.
“Is it Aunt Nellie dear.” The Sheriff asked concerned. 
“No dear, she is doing fine, most likely some Mother panicking over a child’s stubbed toe.”  I will see you in the morning.  Please do not tell Denny about his Mother just yet, best to keep that for later when Aunt Nellie is strong enough to survive the news. Oh, God Sheriff, my sister, that poor girl. I know she grew up in Ireland and me in the states. She is still my sister, I will mourn her secretly for now, then we must have a memorial later, so Denny and Aunt Nellie, and we can all move on. 


Chapter 8
A Break in at Walker Inn.


Morning for the boys finally arrived. They slept through the night soundly, very tired boys physically and Emotionally.  Dr. Mom, and the Sheriff came off duty early in the morning and arrived back home before the boys woke.  They were at the breakfast table having coffee too tired even for idle chat. The boys wrestled up cereal and milk, sat at the table and quietly eat breakfast. The Sheriff was surprised and alarmed.  He broke the silence.
“What gives, is someone sick.” Asked the Sheriff.
One by one the boys convince the Sheriff they were just fine, still a bit frazzled over yesterday’s event. They asked Dr. Mom if Aunt Nellie was okay.  “She is resting and eager to get out of bed. The Heart Doctor had ordered a stress test, to see if any long-lasting damage was done.  Other test showed it was a mild heart attack, not a blood clot to the brain or Aneurysm.  One of the tests discovered a high Cholesterol count, fat lipids in the blood stream which would obstruct blood flow to the heart. Age was a factor as well and as much as, heredity conditions. Which means that she inherited heart problems from the McKelly line.  Aunt Nellie’s Father died of a heart attack, and from what I know nearly all your Aunt’s siblings have had heart problems.  My Grandfather, Aunt Nellies half-brother, share the same Father.  My Father, her half-brothers only child.  
A long line of heart problems related to poor diets, and most importantly, a weakening of their genetic code, due to inbreeding between 1st and 2nd  cousins.  Which for many centuries have been a norm in old world culture and in society?  More prevalent in the hierarchy of wealthy families, and royalty. A practice that assured royal blood stay in the family and family wealth remained in the family.  Only in the last 100 years or so, has the practice been banned when you consider, studies in genetics and the effect of inbreeding on this practice.  We now have laws prohibiting marriage to siblings, and 1st cousins.” Dr. Mom was telling the boys.
“Gee, Dr. Mom, does that mean I can’t marry Denny my 1st cousin.” Roy joked.
“Not funny Roy, you are too ugly to marry.” Denny joked back.
“Okay, you Two, it’s not funny. Dr. Mom told them.  “In medical school we were shown many pictures of deformed children caused by inbreeding, and the dilution of the blood line.  Not to mention the many diseases, and ailments like weak hearts.  I am sorry to say, that many of Aunt Nellies ancestors were affected by these weak hearts.”
The Twins expressed their worry that they would inherit the same problems.  Dr. Mom explain, “since those inbreeding bans, the family blood lines improved as new generations were born, and the fact new marriages where outside the blood line bringing stronger blood lines into the mix.  In modern days and with laws prohibiting such marriage the gene pools are stronger and better to fight off these health problems. You twins have a good healthy mix of new blood in your reducing the risk of those heredity heart problems.  Outside of too many hamburgers, French Fries, and too much sugary sodas.  You will be healthier in the long run.  Aunt Nellie being the oldest member of her family alive, and half-sibling with a different Mother outside the line of cousins.  Will be the last in the family to have serious genetic heart problems.  Then again, she loves her Hamburgers and Fries.  She will be put on a strict diet, and medication for her Cholesterol and blood pressure.  Should get another decade or three out of the old girl.  I warn you Twins she may not be as active as she was.  Even a mild heart attack can slow a person down for a long time.  We will need to let her enjoy the rest of her life, and pick up the chores around here, like cooking and housecleaning.” Dr. Mom explained.
The Sheriff laughed. “If you can get that old girl to rest and let us do all the work, I’ll buy you a new vacuum cleaner and a dishwasher.”
“I will hold you to that Sheriff, in fact we should get the dishwasher installed before Aunt Nellie comes home, it will go a long way in relieving some of the work she does. The kids can use the new Vacuum Cleaner as well. The new one on this floor and the old one upstairs, that way Aunt Nellie will not have to lug that old heavy one up two flights of stairs.” Dr. Mom suggested. 
“I will get the local plumber in as soon as possible to install the Dishwasher, given the set up here, a portable type would be best.  You pick out a model, and a vacuum cleaner at the local box store online for them to deliver as soon as they can.  Anything else we can do for the old girl, dear.” Asked the Sheriff.
“Yes, you could take cooking lesson and learn how to cook Irish stew, and Welsh Rabbit to start with.” Dr. Mom teased the Sheriff.
“Okay, boys it is take out from here on it.” Dr. Mom through her toast at the Sheriff who caught it in his hand. “Just what I needed dear.”
Dr. Mom turned the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club at the table. “and just what are you boys going to do this morning?” she asked.
Roy spoke up, “Denny suggested we should call on the Lakes to say how sorry we are that Jake is in such straights and how we hope he comes out of this okay.”
“Now that is a very noble thing to do boys. I think the Lakes will appreciate it very much.” The Sheriff added. “I am sorry to say that his circumstances has not changed yet.  He is still being coerced by this other teen in running. It’s officially a hostage situation, and the Lakes have been advised though formally not a kidnapping is still in the hands of local authority.  I advised them, that they should lure the older team to show up and get the money he demanded. I believe he will let Jake go, and take off with the money.  Money, he needs to leave the state and avoid prosecution.  Do not discuss this with the Lakes okay. Keep your visit short and cordial.  What else are you going to do today.” Asked the Sheriff.
Well, if it is not too early to visit Aunt Nellie, we thought we would do that afterwards.” Charley explained.
Dr. Mom interjected. “Well, boy’s your Aunt Nellie is scheduled for her stress test and a few other tests. I am afraid that she will be tired out.  Wait until tomorrow evening, and she should be ready for visitors.” Dr. Mom stated.
“Okay,” Charley said trying to hide the disappointment in his voice. 
Jimmy spoke up.  Its 3 days until the Fourth, and we do have some final preparation to finish getting ready for our camping trip.  Grandfather Tom said to let him know Sheriff when you are going to run our camping gear out to the farm by boat.  He will be waiting for it.” Jimmy explained.
“That right boy’s I nearly forgot.  You get the rescue boat out and loaded with the gear you have ready now, by this afternoon.  After I get some sleep, I will run it out to the Farm.  Jimmy you call your Grandfather from here, tell him to be ready at the river by 4 p.m.
“You Got that right Sheriff”, Jimmy borrowing a phrase from the Twins. 
“Now run off your rascals, the Sheriff and I need to get our beauty sleep.” Dr. Mom ordered.
The Twins and Denny ran to their rooms and dressed out of their PJ’s.  Jimmy called his Grandfather, then Roger and he changed out of their pj’s, gathered their overnight backpacks they always kept at the Capps for emergency sleep overs. Time to take them home for a recycling and restocking them with fresh clothes for the next time they were needed.  Mere minutes later the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club where heading toward the Walker Inn for Jimmy to check in.  From there Roger went home to check in and let his parents know the update about Aunt Nellie and why they needed to visit the Lakes.  An hour later, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club were on their way to the Lake Mansion on the outskirts of town.  On the way, Jimmy had news about the census taker. He never check back in after his date with the Geologist last night.  The Geologist told his Mother he had a sudden family emergency aback home, she had come to his room with his key, and packed his bag for him, which he said for her to ship it back to him.  Which she was going to do this morning before she went out on her survey. She paid up for the census takers room, so that it would be available for another guest. 
Meanwhile, why he was in the lobby waiting for Roger to return.  Mr. Anderson started getting very friendly with him asking questions about the guy in Room 10.  Jimmy told him he was on an overnight sleep over and did not know anything except that he checked out last night while he was gone.  Jimmy Mother was very strict about Jimmy and Terri talking about the Inn’s guest during and after they left. As she put it, none of anyone business except the law in case they skipped out not paying their bill. Mrs. Walker kept a respectable Inn, free of Gossipers about its guest.  The guy in Number 9, seem very worried about a guy he never spoked to socially as most polite guest would in passing the time in the lobby of the Inn.  Even people with OCD where more sociable then Number 9 was.  
***
The boys chatted between them while walking to the Lakes.  Each had their own speculations.  One was that Number 10, if he was the undercover agent, got called away by his handlers suddenly on another case. Maybe they found their Fugitive and case over. The Sheriff was too tired to mention any updates on this matter and might tell them later.  As for the Number 9 guest, it was something they could tell the sheriff about his sudden interest.  They completely forgot the Geologist; she had been ruled out long ago as a suspect or an agent in deep cover.  The boys soon reached the Lakes Mansion.  Denny asked if he could be the spokesperson, and the others agreed. The walked up the long walk through the manicured lawn, Topiaries, and small statures of animals and gnomes in the flower beds.  They reached the front door.   Denny reached up rang the bell.  Shortly, Mrs. Lake answered, wearing a large apron, speckled with flour.
“Yes, boys, how can I help you.” She was polite and had a mellow voice, matronly, yet sophisticated.
Denny introduced himself.  “Mrs. Lakes, I am Dennis McKelly, Sheriff’s Capps nephew.  Aunt Nellie is my Great Aunt.”
“Oh my, thought that was you.  How is your dear Aunt Nellie doing boy?” Mrs. Lake asked Denny.
“Dr. Capp said she is going to be fine given her age.  She will need to take a good rest before she be up and around again Mam.” Denny was being formal and polite. The other boys stiffened up a bit realizing they were slouching a bit, and that Mrs. Lake was an important lady in the town’s society.
“I am so glad to hear that. Give my best to your Aunt Nellie and tell her I and the Charity League ladies will be around as soon as she can have visitors.  I have already sent her flowers and a card.” Mrs. Lake explained.
“I will Mrs. Lake.” Denny hesitated. “Ah the boys and I, oh this is Charley and Roy Capp, the Twins, and that is Jimmy Walker and Roger Wilks.” Denny introduced the boys. 
Yes, I know Jimmy’s Mother, and Roger’s folks, what can I do for your boys.” She asked.
“You see Mam, we heard about Jake and the troubles he is in, we thought we come by and express our concerns for his safety.  It is not right he should be facing such circumstances against his will.  We just wanted you to know and Mr. Lake to know.  We hope Jake comes out of this okay.” Denny told Mrs. Lake.
“Why thank you boys, it is very kind of you thinking of Jakes safety. Mr. Lake isn’t here now, but I know he would appreciate your concerns.”  Mrs. Lake hesitated for moment then decided something.  She invited the boys in for some fresh cookies just out of the oven. Once settled down in the drawing room, she told the boys she was aware of Jake’s bullying now and how bad it got for them.  She was sorry for Jake trying to cause problems for Denny and the Capps with that nasty business over the rumors he was spreading.  She assured the boys, that Mr. Lake and herself were planning to go to family therapy with Jake until this awful mess at the Juvenile home.  She said Jake was actually sorry for what he had done and how his behavior got out of hand when he learned more about Denny’s Autism.”  
“We admitted to Jake that much of the problems he was having were our fault and wanted to turn over a new leaf and do better in being a family together.  However, Jake had to be a man and accept whatever the courts where going to do with him. We will be there every minute of the ordeal to support him.  We really do love him even if he did not feel it.  Denny, Jake was going to write you a letter expressing how sorry he was for those nasty things he said about you.  He was also going to write the Twins, Jimmy, and Roger letters too.  We did not coach him to do so or force him either.  I truly believe he is sorry for the way he has treated so many of you in this town.  Then that horrible older boy had to escape and take my Jake a hostage before he could write those letters.  Mrs. Lake was obvious getting distressed that was the boy’s cue to leave. 
“Mrs. Lake,” Jimmy spoke. We will not take up more of your time. Just know we all believe Jake can polish up that tarnished image of his, and we will do all we can to assure he knows we are on his side. Thank you for the cookies and milk, the cookies were delicious. We will show our way out if you don’t mind.” Jimmy stood as the other boys rose from their chairs.
Denny stepped over to Mrs. Lakes sitting in her chair and gave her a hug, whispered in her ear. “The Sheriff will make sure Jake is brought home and safe.  You can count on that.”  He turned around followed the boys out to the front door, where they quietly exited and headed back towards town.  Mrs. Lake sat their speechless for an hour before her husband came home.  She related to him the boys visit and how Jake will be lucky if the boys where his friends.  Mr. Lake stared at her for moment, and realized she was right.
***
The boys headed over to the Boat house through the river flats and over the fence after disarming Denny’s Alarm.  Roy raced ahead to the house to  disarmed the Boat house alarm. They spent the rest of late morning and afternoon getting the rescue boat lunched into the river and tied to the dock.  Then loaded her up with their sleeping bags, tarps, 5 tents, gas lanterns, fishing gear and other miscellaneous items. All in all, in neat bundles under a tarp for security. The rest they would transport to Grandfather Tom’s farm by car when Jimmy’s Sister would drive them there. By the time they were done with the boat and loading it, it was near the time that the Sheriff would be awake.  They retreated to the house and reset the alarms to the boat house and the motion alarm on the dock if anyone should walk on to it unauthorized.  Another of Denny the Menace improved gadgets. The rest of his gadgets he promised to take would be safely stored in their backpacks in the car.  The boys realized that it was only a few days away and they would be on their way to a fun week alone, even if Grandfather Tom were just on the other over two hills in the farmhouse.
The Sheriff was up when the boys reached the house, and Dr. Mom had already left for the clinic.  The sheriff was eating a muffin and drinking a fortified drink.  He asked the boys to set down for a moment has he  added a few updates concerning the FBI deep cover operation. “Now you know boys, I cannot tell you the full details, being a federal matter.  But last night in a small operation they arrested there suspect, after they came across more concrete evidence to arrest him.  It appeared that the FBI was able to finally connect him to a murder he committed through DNA and his fingerprints found on the scene.  That is all I can say at this time, since the deep cover agent has yet to be released from that duty.  It is a procedure to phrase out a deep cover so as not to expose the agent.  Meanwhile they have their man in custody at my jail, awaiting transfer to a Federal holding facility to face arraignment.  They are hoping this guy will talk and confess to some very nasty things he has done elsewhere, which could open up some closed cases and settle loose end. “As for you being shadows for me, you have done a great job in a small way and have been helpful.  Wel,l I guess it time I take a boat ride to Grandfather Tom before he thinks I forgot. That man can be unforgiving when his time is wasted. The boat loaded, and ready boys.”
Jimmy said yes and Denny volunteer to go down to the dock to disengage one of his alarm gadgets on the Dock.  The Sheriff looked at him as if to ask, should I ask what it is. Then decided it best not to know.  Before he left, he said he would be docking the boat after his return, at the Stations dock where he will be keeping the boat until after the Fourth. Then gave the twins a small list of chores around the house to keep them and Denny busy.  He showed Jimmy and Roger out the door, telling them their parents where most likely missing them and had chores for them as well.  They got the hint and after saying their goodbyes to the twins and Denny they left.  Jimmy to the Walker Inn, and Roger to the Library where his Father would have chores for him around the place.  The Sheriff made his trip to the Walker farm, and back on the way he inspected the Apple river for any obstacles that the ice flow had left after the winter thaw. Then on into town and back up the Grand River to where he docked the boat below the County Sheriff station.
***
Jimmy walked into the Inn finding his Mother in an uproar. Someone had broken into Number 10 when she was down in the basement washing linen for the beds. Terri was busy helping her.  The room was empty, but every dresser drawer had been pulled out and dumped on to the floor.  The bed had been stripped and the mattress flipped over to the floor has well. They had forced the door open.  Only 4 guests where still booked in the Inn.  Number 6 was the Geologist, Sarah Baker, and she was seen last leaving with her survey equipment that morning telling Terri she be at the far south end of Apply River some 3 miles out and would not be back until late afternoon.  Number 4 was a long-term resident who was at work.  Number 3 was a recent guest arriving in town yesterday, to visit a sick relative at the clinic who was having surgery this morning  and accounted for at the clinic at the time.  Number 9 was the last seen going out for coffee and returned shortly after the break in.  He was in the lobby now reading a paper.   Officer Miller had already been there and left.
His Mother asked him to go to number 10 and straighten things up.  Put the dresser to right, and the Bed.  While he was at it, he should move the dresser out from the wall dust behind it before putting the drawers back in.  Do the same with the bedframe before putting the mattress and box springs back on it. At least they would not have to do it later when the quarterly cleaning came around when all rooms were vacate stripped and clean. She asked Jimmy to check the door damage to the lock to see if it were something he could fix or need a carpenter to come in to fix it.  Officer Miller  had already inspected the damage and made a report out for the insurance claim. She told Jimmy,  Since the room was empty,  Miller, could not figure out why someone would break into an empty room.  He wrote down the names of the current guest from the registry and those who have been registered at the Inn and now checkout in the last two weeks. He would discreetly run a check on them.
Jimmy retrieved his cleaning cart with the vacuum cleaner on it,  and the duster.  Tackled the bed first, moving the frame and headboard out. Ran the vacuum where the bed had stood, dusted off the back of the end board, replaced the bed frame and headboard back in place. Normally they would rearrange the furniture around to different positions to save the carpet from having worn pathways from the guest walking back and forth in the same spot.  Jimmy decided the carpet was fine as it was rather new.  Next Jimmy inspected the door.  Something was odd here.  If someone had forced the door from the outside, then why was the lock well where the pin rested in the jam splintered going outward. Not inward in the room, if someone forced the door open from outside.  All the splintered wood was out in the hallway not in the room.  
Someone was already in the room when they forced it open from inside the room.  Why?  The only other way into the room was from the only window in the room, from the fire escape outside that window.  Normally the window would be locked year-round as the Inn had central air conditioning.  The window was designed with a two-sided lock system were outside you could use a key to unlock it, or a level from the inside.  One Master key for all the windows in the Inn.  One key at the front desk, and another held by the local fire department.  From the inside a lever unlocked it if someone needed to open the window to  escape.  The system allowed the fire department to assist in a rescue if someone in the room was unable to respond and open the window or the door.  It automatically locked each time the window was closed, the lever swinging to the lock position. If the window were not shut tight it would not lock automatically.
Jimmy expect the window lock and it was unlocked the window had not been shut tight to engage the lock.  Opening the window, he found a half inch piece of wood taped to the bottom of the window frame preventing the window closing properly, and the lock from engaging.  Jimmy knew each room is inspected after each guest checks out to make sure everything is as it should be. This includes making sure the window is locked.  Terri would have checked the room this morning, put fresh linen on the bed, and fresh towels in the bathroom.  Made sure nothing was left behind by the guest, dusted, and vacuumed the rug, clean the bathroom, shower stall and toilet. When weather allowed, the window would be open to air out the room while it was being cleaned. The last thing she would do was slide the window down to lock it and lock the door as she left.  It is a routine drilled into them by their Mother.  
Terri popped in with new linen for the bed. Jimmy asked her if she locked the window during her inspection this morning.  She wasn’t insulted that he asked, they always checked each other’s routine as a way to make sure nothing was missed.  Terri said she did check the window to make sure it was locked and recorded it on her check list. Their Mother was a stickler for check lists to make sure they did their chores right.  It was the pride she took in her Inn, and the good rating she got from the National bed and breakfast board, and the Inn Association.  
Jimmy took Terri aside and explained his suspicions that the door had been forced open from the inside.  If the window was locked, then how did the someone get into the room to ramshackle it. She told Jimmy the solution to that was that someone had a key to the window. Then Jimmy showed her the piece of wood on the bottom of the window and that it prevented the lock from engaging. She stood there for a moment puzzled.  She told Jimmy that she had entered the room checked the window and found it unlocked because it had not been shut tight. She opened the window to air the room out while she cleaned the room.  Then slide the window down believing the level had engaged not knowing the window was fixed not to lock. Walked out and locked the room, turned her check list into Mother who approved it satisfactory.
Jimmy concluded that someone fixed the window not to lock, used the fire escape to enter, ramshackle the room.  Then planned to make a quick exit out the window, slide it down to make it appear it was closed and locked.  To confuse the police on how actually they got into the room, forced the door outward from inside. During all this reflection and discussion Terri help him remake the bed. He told Terri not to say a word as he would have a talk with the Sheriff later.   Terri left the room so Jimmy could finish pulling the empty dresser out to clean behind.  There was a mirror on it and attached to the back of the mirror was a white 8 by 11 envelop sealed with a paper inside. By the feel of it, it was just one sheet of paper. Jimmy stripped it off the back of the mirror and stuffed it under his t-shirt. He finished dusting and vacuuming behind the Dresser and put all Drawers back after he had pushed the Dresser back against the wall. 
 He went to his room and got his digital camera, took a picture of the damage to the framework around the door, the lock well, the busted lock on the door, and the splinters out on the hallway carpet. Then a picture of the wooden block on the bottom of the window, and how the lever did not engage when the window was closed.  Jimmy removed the taped-on block under the window and pocketed that. He Checked the window again to make sure it was really locked this time.  The last thing he did was clean up the wood splinters in the hallway, put a cleaning in progress sign on the door. He did not tell his Mother about his suspicions and knew Terri would keep mums too.   He did not want her to get into trouble for not noticing the jimmied window. 
The siblings Mother was not a mean taskmaster, she expected efficiency, a clean safe Inn, and her children to share the same pride their Mother took in the Inn.  Really the work was not that hard, as Terri and Jimmy shared shifts, and Mother worked hard to make sure her children had a good childhood, or rather good teen years now. Lots of freedom as long as their chores where done. They were allowed to have one week a summer to have off from the inn.  Jimmy had the week off after the Fourth of July for camping, and Terri had the following week off to spend a week with Susy Wilks at her family’s cottage at the lake. After that Jimmy and Terri would be busy until School started. Fall saw the inn slowing down in guest except for the one long term resident, so less work for all.
After Jimmy finished the rest of his chores around the inn, told his Mother it was best to get a carpenter in to fix the door, then got permission to go visit Roger.  He left for the library where he met with Roger in the library storeroom where he was unpacking a new set of Encyclopedias, with the latest updates.  Ignoring his keen interest in the new set of Encyclopedias, he told Roger of the break in at the Inn. His suspicions that the door was forced open from the inside, the window jimmied to not lock when closed. And the envelop he found behind the mirror, he now held in his hands.  Roger wanted to open the sealed envelope and find out what was inside.  Jimmy said it was best if they take the envelope and the digital pictures to the Sheriff.  He had the memory card from his camera with him now.  They could go to the Twins and have Denny download and print the pictures to show the Sheriff, and he can open the envelop and deal with its contents. After all its his job to investigate such things and the best person to decide if theirs cause to do so.
Jimmy help Roger finish up his chores around the Library and Roger promised his Father that he would be home for dinner. Roger called the twins from the library and told them to expect them to arrive soon with some new information for the Sheriff.  They would meet the Twins at the Boat house in 15 minutes.  The Twins where waiting at the Boat house with Denny when they arrived. Getting down to Brass Tacks, Jimmy told them about the break in to #10 assumingly the deep undercover FBI agents’ room at the Inn.  Jimmy shared his suspicions and showed them the envelope he had found behind the mirror. He gave Denny the memory card from his camera.  
Denny asked if the wood block had the tape still attached to it.   He explained that it’s possible there is a fingerprint left on the sticking side of the tape or on the block that is not Jimmy’s.  Jimmy handed over the block of wood and after close examination.  Denny believed he could scan a print off it from under the tape that was still attached to the block. Denny raced off to his attic to do just that, and to load the pictures to his computer to print out.  
While Denny was doing that, the twins, Jimmy and Roger, shared opinions on why or who would break into an empty room at the Inn.  Roy wanted to see the contents of the envelop. But Jimmy insisted the Sheriff should see it first.  Then it dawned on Jimmy that Denny should check the envelope for fingerprints too. Jimmy assured Roy that he was the only one to touch the envelope since it had been attached to the back of the mirror.  Ray ran to the house gave the envelop to Denny, reminding him not to open it, but check for prints on the outside.  Denny said no problem.  Roy returned to the Boat house loaded down with sodas and chips.   He told Jimmy and Roger, to enjoy them, as they will be the last of them in the house.  Dr. Mom even as he spoke was ordering sugar free drinks and snacks, salt reduced chips, and other healthy goodies for the larder as a start to the new diet in the house. 
An hour later, Denny appeared with his own soda, and chips. Tucked under his arm was the envelope and a bundle of photos.  He explained to the boys that it was not a hard job downloading the pictures of the camera’s memory card, handed that back to Jimmy with the photo’s still on it. Then he explained the process he took to pull prints off the envelope a standard powder treatment the Sheriff taught him.  Then scanned the results in the computer, enlarged them until they could see all the details. Now Denning, had ages ago, practiced taking the boy’s fingerprints and stored them on the computer.  He found Jimmy’s prints on the envelope as the freshest prints and two older prints.  As for want was inside the envelope, he used a light table to cast a strong light through the white envelope. It revealed a handwritten letter inside, but not enough details as to what the letter said.  The wooden block revealed three prints, one on the sticky side of the tape, and a partial print on the wooden block on the side, and of course Jimmy’s where he handled the tape pulling if off the bottom of the window.  The twins looked at the picture of Room #10, agreeing with Jimmy that the door had been pushed open from the inside. But why do that if the person had entered from the window.  Couldn’t they have just left through the window.  That was a puzzle.  Denny spoke up.
“Maybe he was going to but saw someone out on the fire escape.  Don’t your room doors have a double lock system one for the guest to use, and for your Mother to lock the door with a master key in case a guest skips out without paying his rent and takes his key, leaving behind their belongings. Didn’t you tell me that key locks both locks, but only the top lock can be opened from the inside.  If Terri cleaned the room this morning, she would have locked both locks, as a normal procedure until a new guest takes the room.  You can’t unlock the door from the inside when the top is engaged. Only the bottom lock by its lever from inside the room. Whoever this person was, seeing they could not go out the window. Panicked and pushed the door open to get out? Then walked out of the Inn as if he was a guest.  All the other guest were out of the building at that time.  Except the time of the break in was earlier than expected which would mean only one person could have done it. A guest of the Inn”.
“This guest was the one to leave last before Jimmy’s Mother and Terri went to the laundry room.  Jimmy’s Mother was still at the front desk, left the key with her, and walked out the Front door.  It was simple for the guest  to walk around to the back alley  and up the fire escape, open the jimmied window, to ramshackle Number 10. Then, unexpectantly had to  leave through the forced open door of the room, with no one the wiser.  Jimmy’s Mother and sister were in the laundry room in the basement by then. The guest walked back down to the lobby, and out the door again to come back later without being seen by anyone. .  Meanwhile, Terri several minutes later goes up to the second floor with the fresh linens for the line closet and discover the busted door.  She runs downstairs to tell her Mother who is now at the front desk.  The guest then returns during the commotion, as if they had been out all along since they first left. Mr. Harry Anderson the guest in Number 9.”
Charley jumped out of his chair patting Denny on the back.  “By God, Sherlock Holmes you have done it again, cries Dr. Watson.”  
Roy and Roger stood and shook  Sherlocks hands. “Glad to meet you Mister Holmes, mind if we get your autograph sir.”
Jimmy stood and said they need to tell the Sheriff want they know right now.  Charley stated that he isn’t due home for at least another two hours.  “Then we need to go to him with our findings now.” Urged Jimmy.
Roy volunteered, “we can get the quad out and head on over, Charley and I oiled and gassed it up this afternoon.  It’s ready for a spin. We can cut cross country to the station from here on the trails.” Turning to Denny.  “You up to your first ride on that buggy.” Roy asked.
“I think I will stay here Roy, that things still scares me.”
“That’s okay Denny, I understand, I was scared of my first ride too last year.”  Roy explained.  
“Well lets load her up boys, helmets are in the garage, and don’t forget to buckle up, or the Sheriff will lock us up for the rest of the summer.” Charley ordered.   Turning to Denny.  You go rest for a while and freshen up that tired brain of yours.  You done a great job today.”  The twins were always encouraging their cousin with positive re-enforcement. It has made a difference in the boy’s life to feel accepted by his cousins and others. “Do not forgot the evidence Jimmy.” Shouted Charley.
“I have it here in the pouch Denny provided.” Jimmy shouted back.
***
Before you know it the four boys had their helmets on and buckled up on the Quad.  Charley was the designated driver, not that the boys had been drinking, well soda’s only, but Roy couldn’t reach the pedals with his short legs and Jimmy and Roger where not checked out by the Sheriff in how they handled the Quad.  The Quad was a six-seater, with roll bars, windshield, lights, and a governor on the accelerator. Something the sheriff insisted on for safety.  Charley gunned it has far as he could and from a standstill it still could pop a wheelie. Then the governor kicked in and the onboard computer stabilized the Quad.  In no time the boys, were buzzing down the trail at a good clip. The on-board computer monitor the terrain though the wheels shock system, slowing and maintaining a safe speed for the terrain they were on. Twenty minutes later they were at the Sheriff station, just in time to catch the Sheriff exiting the door.
Well, boy’s this is a surprise. How is she running Roy?” Roy was the family mechanic. 
“She is purring like a Kitten and as slow a turtle in a windstorm Sheriff.” Roy was not a fan of the governor. 
“Good to hear it Roy,” ignoring the not so vailed poke at the Sheriff’s ideal of fun. “What brings you here. I was going on a coffee break.”
Charley volunteered to give the Sheriff a lift to down the street to the Beanery Barn where the Sheriff, his staff and deputies took coffee breaks.  The sheriff reached into his squad car and retrieve his official helmet, jumped in between Jimmy and Roger. “Hey, I see Denny’s still afraid to ride the wild beast.”  Jimmy nodded affirmative as Charley took off.  Seconds later they were settled in a booth at the Beanery Barn.  Sheriff had his coffee, and ordered Root beer floats for the boys, his treat. 
“Drink those floats up Twins, I fear they will be the last of them you will see. You too Jimmy, Roger, Dr. Mom is on the war path about getting everyone in town on a new health sense diet.  Jimmy and Roger moaned. When Dr. Mom started a health campaign the whole town moaned. “See boys,” raising his coffee mug. “Decaf, God I am going to regret this.” Laughed the Sheriff.  “Well boys what’s up, and what’s in the document pouch you have Jimmy?”  The Sheriff noticed everything, couldn’t hide anything from him when it came to the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.
“Well Sheriff,” Jimmy started. “You hear about the room at the Inn being busted into.”
“Yes, I did from Gus Wakes the editor of the newspaper first thing, then I had to call Officer Miller to get the official details. Miller thinks it’s a disgruntle former guest causing mischief.” The Sheriff told Jimmy.
“Sheriff I don’t think so, and here’s why.”  Jimmy drew out the photos of the door, and the window, explained his suspicions. The Sheriff looked over the photos, agreed Jimmy might have a point there.  Then asked Jimmy if he had anything else in that pouch.  Jimmy handed over the sealed envelope and explained where he found it. He then handed the Sheriff the fingerprint Photos found on the wooden block jimmying the Window from locking and on the sealed envelope. He told the Sheriff Denny processed the lifting off of the prints and scanning them.
“Smart Boy, he’s going to be a great crime lab technician one day.” The Sheriff commented. The Sheriff asked Jimmy if he had opened the envelope.  Jimmy said no and explained that Denny had used his light table to see what was in the envelope, a handwritten letter he couldn’t read. Jimmy added that he didn’t think he should open it, and hand it over to the Sheriff instead. The Sheriff, taking his pocketknife out, neatly ripped open a bottom seam of the letter. He explained why he did this.  He did not want to spoil any DNA evidence that might be on the flap of the envelope when it was licked and sealed. Drawing out the letter with the tweezers in the pocketknife. He carefully removed it. With the tweezers, he held up the letter close to his face, not because he needed classes, he did not want the boys to read it, or get his prints on the letter.  It wasn’t a long letter, written in a neat hand. As he read it, he realized it was instructions from the sender to the Fixer the FBI had just arrested.  It was instructing the Fixer to close up all loose ends to bury them for good.  If he succeeded, he would get a 250,000 dollars for finishing the job.  The letter went on to explain he could collect his money in person at the Old House Inn in Massachusetts.  He would know where.  It ended there. No signature, just a date at top.  June 27, 2020.  No postal stamp, return address, or addressed to the Walker Inn.  Someone had hand delivered this letter.
Putting the letter carefully back into the envelope, he turned his attention to the boys, who were finishing up their Root Beer floats. “Boys, you amaze me how you can come across such surprising puzzles.  As if they were designed to fall right into your lap.  I must warn you; this letter is very important to the FBI. It seems things are heating up again. “Jimmy you have any ideal who might have broken into Number 10.”
“Not at first sheriff, but Denny the Menace,  figured it out. He put two and two together and got one.  All the guest where out of the Inn very early this morning, except one.  The guest was known to have left the Inn just before the break in was discovered, bringing their key to the front desk handing it to my Mother who put it in their message cubby. This person left out the front door. Terri and Mother was in the laundry room in the basement during the break in.  They came back shortly after the break in was discovered by my Sister.  As Denny figures it, if the intruder came in thru the unlocked window from the Fire escape, ramshackle the room and found nothing they were looking for. He went to exit out the window but may have seen someone on the fire escape, turned around and tried to exit the door out to the hallway. Finding it locked and unable to unlock it because of our double lock security system after a guest has check out. The evidence shows that this person had to force  the door open from the inside, not force it from outside in.”  
“Denny figured out the break in happened early then thought while there was still one guest still in the Inn. Only one person was in the building prior to the break in. This guest left while Mother was still at the front desk.  Walked around the building to the back, up the fire escape to enter the jimmied window at Number 10.  They forced their way out, came down the lobby exited the building again. Returned shortly after the break in was discovered. The rest is history as Denny would put it.” Jimmy returned to finish his float.
“It’s Mr. Harry Anderson, in number 9.” Charley and Roy chimed in together.
“That is some smart deductions from Denny and you to Jimmy. You would make good detectives.” The Sheriff stated.
The twins piped up, “Jimmy as Dr. Watson and Denny as Sherlock Holmes.” The twins bumped fist together.
“That’s enough Twins. I will take charge of this evidence and have a talk with that bumbling idiot Officer Miller. I think he should take detective lesson from the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club. Remember mums about the Root beer floats to Dr. Mom. Also, no talking about the break in at the Walker Inn outside the Boat house.  Ah, Jimmy, where is this Mr. Anderson now.
“The last time I saw him was about two hours ago in the lobby at the Inn reading the newspaper.” 
The Sheriff used his Radio to call the station and told his undersheriff Jeff Hanson to pick up a Mr. Harry Anderson at the Walker Inn, Room 9 for suspicion of breaking and entering a guest’s room at the Inn.   Suspect may be linked to our fake FBI agent. Suspect may be armed, last seen in the Lobby of the inn two hours ago. Take caution, as there as there could be other  guest, Mrs. Walker, and Terri Walker in the Inn. Take every available officers you can spare. Suspect known to use Fire escape.  The Sheriff ended with “Sheriff Out”.
Turning back to the boys at the table.
Now off with you, I will walk back to the station from here.  Got some thinking to do and watch that heavy foot of yours Charley, or no beast for the rest of the summer.” The Sheriff walked up to the cashier and made his bill while the boys left and loaded up on the Quad.  They handed the Sheriff his helmet has he passed by.  Charley raced the motor to tease the Sheriff, then lady like drove off down to the Sheriff station and on to the back trails back home. 
Twenty minutes later the Undersheriff radio the station telling the Sheriff, “We got there too late, Mr. Anderson checked out of the Inn around Noon today.  Mrs. Walker had a forwarding address listed as in Houghton Lake, Michigan. Mrs. Walker states, she was told my Mr. Anderson he would be taking the Bus back to Houghton Lake and was on his way to the bus stop in town to catch the 12:30 to the capital, then connect to Houghton Lake. I checked with Mary at The Truck Stop, no one purchased a ticket today from them or in the last 12 days. Unless they had an open dated return round trip ticket purchased at its origin.  She was unaware of anyone in the Diner waiting for the bus fitting our guys description, or outside waiting.  I am afraid it may be a wash there. Oh, something else, we checked his room.  He left his bags, and several Camera cases, tripods.  He is traveling lite. Mrs. Walker does not recall seeing him leave with his bags and equipment, she had gotten distracted with a phone call at the desk. We impounded the items and are bringing them in now. Deputy Santino is doing a search of downtown businesses just in case someone spotted this guy. She will report back later. Out”
“Thanks Jeff, good work. Out.” The sheriff sat at the communications desk and swore.


Chapter 9
Denny Goes Missing


 We find the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club restless, the Fourth of July was just 2 days away. Everything for the camping trip was ready.  Grandfather Tom called Jimmy that morning and said the camp was all sit up except for the boys arriving and sitting up their tents and storing their food in the food chest in the Lean-to.  He would add ice to the chest the morning they arrived.  All they had to do now was enjoying the Fourth, and the fireworks.  He would see Jimmy and the boys then. Jimmy had agreed to help his Mother with the cake walk in setting up the table and sweets.  Then he was going to join Roger at the dunk tank and play the barker, to encourage the crowd to toss balls at Roger. He had a list of Zinger’s to taunt the crowd and tease Roger.  It was all for fun and charity. The Twins would help Dr. Mom man the Clinic first Aid booth for a while, handing out sample first aid kits with band aids, and ointments.   
Then later help Mrs. Lakes with her booth selling cookies and lemonade. The Twins would be handing out flyers, “Asking have you seen this Teen”.  Jake Lake was still out there, a hostage. The two boys had disappeared when the older teen abandoned the stolen car when it broke down.  Latest report was they never reached the state line heavily guarded with state police.  Mr. Lake waited with the Authorities hiding out in a vacant barn for hours, at a designated drop off where he had left the money in an old rural mailbox at a vacant farm in the middle of nowhere.  The older teen promised he would let Jake go once he got the money. They never made it to the drop site if they did, they may have gotten spooked and walked off with no one the wiser. 
 Denny, volunteered to float around the town square and pass around the Penny vote jar, for Terri Walker’s, Queen of the Fourth of July votes.  While in a later shift do the same for Susy Wilks then help count the votes later. It was a runoff between the two girls.  Secretly, the Mayor agreed that the vote was fixed so that both girls won as co-queens since in the first stages of votes in previous weeks tied them for first place. The other contests were eliminated at that stage. Two crowns had been ordered in secret.  Denny was just a dressing to fire up a heated rivalry.  All in all, it was for fun and charity.  
Dr. Mom was keeping a close tab on Aunt Nellie at the clinic. All her tests in previous days had confirmed it was a Blockage issue, and how bad they were. Dr. Mom that morning in the kitchen told the Twins and Denny they could visit Aunt Nellie at the Clinic that afternoon before she had a procedure to remove the blockages in her heart. She explained what the procedure was. “The test showed us where that blockage was and how bad it is.  That test is where we insert in her blood stream a radioactive marker, where under a camera like scanner we can trace her blood flow into the heart.  Which then shows us where any blockages are.  We found a couple of blockages where we will be able to remove, put stents in and within 5 days the most, she will be able to come home for a week or two of more rest, and a fat free diet, where she will be her usual self in no time.  Well except for the new heart diet where she will be as bad as your Father complaining all the time.”
Dr. Mom went on to explain. “The heart Doctor would perform a simple procedure where he would insert through a major blood vessel in her inner thigh a scope on a long tube, where it would allow them to reach the blockage in her heart.  At the end of the scope was a mini camera to guide them to the blockage.  Another feature of the scope would retract and blow up a small, tiny balloon that engages the vessel around the blockage, would pulverize the blockage where they could suck out the platelets, small fatty particles that stuck together to cause the blockage and prevent blood to flow through her heart.”  
She went on to explain further, “When the blood flow is restricted the heart cannot pump blood to flow though it properly. Which helps it beat, the heart muscle contracting back and forth. The flow of blood in the heart creates a charge of electricity which then stimulates the heart muscle to contract.  With each contraction, the blood is pushed through the body.  Eventually, the heart stops when there is no more electricity to stimulate the heart muscles.  Much like when gas does through a carburetor on an engine. Feeding the combustion chamber where the gas ignites and runs the pistons, which runs the engine. No gas no pistons to go up and down. The heart has two chambers with blood flowing in one way an out the other.  So, a blockage in one chamber can be bad, but allows the other chamber to still work but not up to capacity.  So, they go in where that blockage is, remove the stubborn particles that a Blood thinner can’t.  Then insert a Stent, a wire mesh like tube, that when released expands to re-enforce the blood vessels interior walls, damaged by the blockage. The walls of the blood vessel eventually in a very short time grows around the mesh strengthening the blood vessel keeping the blood flow up to optimum performance once again. Emotional stress can affect the heart from functioning properly as well, and it’s a double Whammy when you add a poor diet and end up with blockages. 
Normally, these procedures allow a patient to come home within 3 days.  However, because of Aunt Nellies age, which by the way she still will not tell us, we take extra precautions. I tell you boys a secret though, out test results, her blood work up, and picture of her heart,  us a hint at just how old she is. Not an exact number, around 75 if not older or younger.  I am of the opinion she is at least 79 given the family history and how old my Grandfather was her brother.  Her brother by all accounts was 15 when Aunt Nellie was born, and he died at age 75. That would put Aunt Nellie at 60 at that time. Grandfather died 19 years ago. So, that would put Aunt Nellie at 79. Don’t you dare tell Aunt Nellie, we must let the old girl keep her dignity after all, as she always tells us,  a lady never reveals her age.” 
Roy piped up asking Dr. Mom how old she was.  “I said a lady never reveals her age.” 
Roy and Charley with a mischievous smirk on their faces, piped up, “You are not a lady, you are our Mother.” Then made a quick exit out the kitchen back door.  Denny stood there trying not to laugh, then said. 
“You’re a lady in my book.” Gave her big a hug and ran off to follow the boys.
Dr. Mom, shouted at Denny, “You tell your cousins, when I catch them, they will not be able to set down for a week.” Then darted out the door after them.
***
The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club had visited Aunt Nellie early that afternoon, finding her resting and jovial. “Now you boys, don’t worry about this old girl. She has been through worse, why I remember when I went White water rafting down the Grand Canyon our raft and hit a submerged boulder our guide didn’t see. The raft tipped over, dumping all  of us into the icy cold waters of the Colorado River.  We all had our Mae Wests on.  Those are life jackets boys.  We were tossed here and there downstream until we reached some tame waters  and made it to shore. Why I was so scared…” Dr. Mom cut Aunt Nellie off.
“Now, Aunt Nellie this isn’t the time for some of your Wild and Woolley stories.  You got to rest and not get excited.  The boys are here to give you their best and wish you good luck on your surgery. I have explained to the boys, just what that is, a very common procedure done thousands of times a day across the country. You will be home in no time, and plenty of time to tell them your adventures as a young lady.” Dr. Mom interjected. 
“Heck no, Niece, I wasn’t no young lady then, why that was just oh, about 15 years ago before Denny came to live with me.” Aunt Nellie told them.  The boys looked at Aunt Nellie thinking that she had to be at least 65 years old then. This was one tough old lady.
“Now say your goodbye’s now Twins, Jimmy, Roger, and give Denny and his Aunt Nellie some private time together.  I have some prep work to do before I assist the Heart Doctor on that Angioplasty procedure on Aunt Nellie a short while from now. Make it short Denny the nurse will have to prep your Aunt for the procedure, just a sedative to help her sleep during it.  Out Twins.” She shoved the Twins, Jimmy, and Roger out the door after saying their goodbyes.
Denny went over to Aunt Nellies where she was resting in her bed propped up with a pillow stuffed behind her. Cautiously he learned over to hug her. “Hey now, boy, I’m not a China Doll you know, come on up and give me a proper hug.” Denny did just that.  The two embraced each other for what felt like a long time, no talking.  Then Denny pulling apart, kissing Aunt Nellie on the cheek.
“I love you Aunt Nellie.”
“I know child, I know.  I’ll be alright.” Wiping tears off her cheeks.  “You scoot now before that nurse comes in with that needle and mistakes you for me. This old lady needs to compose herself.”
Tenderly, Denny said, “You’re not an Old Lady, you are my Mom.”
“Why you scamp, out with you, before I tan your hide.” Laughing at Denny as he left the room.
Dr. Mom came into the room with a Nurse behind her. What’s, so funny Aunt Nellie”.  Aunt Nellie explained. Then Dr. Mom laughed.  “Why that scamp, the twins pulled the same line on me this morning.”
Aunt Nellie laughed again. “Don’t we just love them so, dear.”
“Yes, we do, very much.”  Dr. Mom was just then thinking of Denny’s Mother her sister, she was dreading the time when the Sheriff and her, had to reveal that terrible news to Aunt Nellie, and Denny.
***
The boys walked back home from the clinic.  The clinic was closer to Roger’s place, so he said his goodbyes, see you later tonight to the boys as they reached his street.  The Twins and Denny followed Jimmy through town to the Inn.  Said their goodbyes and they would see him tonight. Left Jimmy, and crossed town for home, thinking that in one day, it would be the Fourth of July.  The highlight of their summer not counting camping out in the woods for a whole, week. Then there was the traditional cook out tonight with family and friends where they could shoot up their own personal fireworks with Jimmy and Rogers family.  They were sad that Aunt Nellie couldn’t be there for the fun she always had wonderful stories to tell about her “Fourth of July” Adventures.  Reaching home, they made some preparations for tonight’s cookout at the Boat house.  Unaware that there were two pairs of eyes watching them from the River. Listening to the Twins and Denny talking about the camp out at Grandfather Toms farm the day after the Fourth, and how Grandfather Tom had built a new camping grounds in the woods off the Rainbow Stream all stocked up with their camping gear.  The two pairs of eyes heard everything they said, where even the smallest sound traveled over the river.  The two pairs of eyes, where in a stolen rowboat.  Then after the twins and Denny returned to the house.  That rowboat rowed off silently down streams toward Grandfathers Farm.  
Later that early evening, the two in the  stolen rowboat, reached the mouth of the Rainbow Stream where it poured into the Apple River not far from where Grandfathers sheep grazed in the valley.  Where they ditch the boat in tall river grass. They had about 2 hours of daylight left to find this camp the boys talked about.  Hiking up the stream along the edge of Jimmy’s Woods, they missed the trail that led into the basecamp.  One of the boys, was having trouble walking always stumbling and falling. The other boy kept forcing him to get up and move on. By the light of the moon, they reached a point they had to stop and rest for the night.  Early in the morning of the Fourth, they continued to search for this camp and finally came to solitary mound of earth near the stream bank that had a lone tree learning on top. One of the boys spotted a trial off into the woods, following it they found a Lean-to stocked with blankets, food, and firewood.  Assuming this was the camp the boys spoke off, they settled in, built a fire, and opened up several can goods, had a good meal they had not had in days.
***
Early that late afternoon the Twins and Denny,  went to the town square where the festivities for the Fourth celebration was being set up. There they meet Jimmy, Roger and other boys assisting the adults constructing booths and setting up chairs. Jimmy and Roger helped the Mayor who owned the dunk tank to get it to its assigned place near a water supply where they hooked up a hose and started filling the tank up, so the water would be warmed by the sun and ready for tomorrow after the morning  parade went through main street. There was a raft race planned after the parade, where contestants competed to see who could get to the finish line first. Pledges where taken to support the Charity Leagues new campaign for Autism.  This year the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club decide they didn’t have time to build a raft and compete given their plans for camping.
Throughout the late afternoon right into early evening they helped with setup the square. Many of the boys not helping where lighting off firecrackers and cherry bombs throughout the area, on the town greens around the square, and off into the river.  The sheriff had deputies on duty to help Officer Miller make sure things did not get out of hand, and someone get hurt. Some of the older high schoolers, often got a little rambunctious having access to fireworks they shouldn’t have.   Only once in the last five years did a boy, injure a hand when he failed to throw the cheery bomb in time once he lite it. Luckily, the Cherry Bomb went off just seconds away from his hand burning his fingers with the blast.  Any slower throwing it, it could have taken a finger off or two.  Only one boy got into trouble today when he lite off a whole string of firecrackers to near an unsuspecting adult building a booth. The Pastor the booth builder, the boy’s Father, take matters into his own hands, right on the backside of his boy. Sending him home crying. The Father cursed the carelessness of his child. The pastor in him asked forgiveness for cursing and returned to the building of the churches duck pond lottery.
Where, for a dollar you picked a duck out of the pond to see if it had the lucky color number for a prize on its bottom. Black numbers for a small prize, Black circled numbers for a medium prize, and Doubled circled black numbers for the large prizes, and a red number you lose. A very rare green number and you win a second chance.  Of course, there were 10x’s the number of plain black numbers. 5x’s times the single circle black numbers, and 2x times the double circled numbers, only 4 red numbers and one green number. There were 150 ducks floating in a swirling tank of water.  Odds where that you always won a prize after one chance to win.  The prizes where from an assortment of trinkets, the small prize, the medium a paddle and ball on a rubber band, or airplane you assembled to glide in the air.  The Large an assortment of stuff animals. All prizes where given out until all gone.  It was popular for the younger children eager to win the large prize.  To be fair, a limit was set at two dollars for those under 12, Four dollars over 12-15, and no limit of tries over 16. The Pastor didn’t want the younger ones to spend all the money at one booth.  
Similar rules were in force at other game booths.  The cake walk was one where you walked in the circle until you won a sweet then had to leave so another contestant could try.  You walked around a painted circle where each square representant a whole cake or pie, a single cookie or donut, or a piece of candy. No blank squares.  You paid for your ticket, when the music started you started from the start box walked around the circle until the music stopped, whatever square you landed on you won that sweet. There were only one cakes square, one Pie square, 3 donut squares, several cookie squares, and the majority of the squares were a piece of candy. Someone always wins. Many keep trying to win a whole cake or pie. When the cake or pies where all gone, then their squares was replaced with a donut or cookie square and so forth until the booth closed when out of all tweets. 
Last year the festival brought in more than 5,000 dollars for the varies charities represented.  Each Charity paid for their own booth building supplies and prizes either purchasing them, making them, or getting donations of bake goods. The Annual Beer tent, the Queens pageant, food concessions, and dance after the fireworks works where sponsored by the city. The money brought in on the sale of the beer, soda beverages, hot dogs, cotton candy, popcorn and snow cones, and the Penny votes for the Queen. Helped defray the cost of the city festival and fireworks while raising charitable funds for other community groups. The Fireworks and the dance afterwards were the highlight of the Fourth of July.  The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club would be busy on the Fourth.  Finished with what they could do, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club returned to the boat house for the tradition cook out and sleep over. 
That night the boys camped out at the boat house, and fired off firecrackers, and rockets into the river where they would safely be extinguished. The Sheriff, Dr. Mom, Mr. and Mrs. Wilkes and Mrs. Walker, were having a cookout and supervising the fireworks.  Terri and Susy had a sleep over at the Inn, with several of their girlfriends, showing off their royal gowns, and party dresses.  That night Dr. Mom reported that Aunt Nellie got through the surgery with flying colors.  Even might come home a bit earlier than expected if no complication arose.  Everyone was happy and thanked God in their own way.  
***
The Fourth arrived with the traditional church bells ringing, and the old civil war canon on the town square was primed with gun powder, and a wad of water-soluble colored streamers Red, White, and Blue.  As the America Flag rose up the pole, the honor guards from the Local veteran’s club fired off a Twenty-one-gun salute, then fired the canon toward the river.  The streamers rose into the air to filter down to settle in the river. Those brave enough to be out that early, cheered and snapped pictures. Those still in bed muffled their hears and cursed.  The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club arose from their blankets on the floor in the Boat house, when the Liberty bell cracked, and the canon of Freedom roared.  Then stripped to bare flesh, grabbed bars of soap, and performed their own Fourth of July ritual.  Whooping and hollering like American revolutionary soldiers, after the British surrendered. They raced to the dock, jumped into the river, and scrubbed clean the stinking dirt of war. Their Annual ritual done, returned to the Boat house shivering in the cool morning air. Wasn’t Freedom Grand they shouted. They dressed in fresh summer shorts, t-shirts, and sandals, raced to the house for breakfast.  
In a short order of time breakfast was consumed of Turkey bacon, scrambled eggs, toast, and orange juice.  The boys agreed that the Turkey bacon wasn’t that bad, it was crispy the way they liked it, not as salty.  They told Dr. Mom, that in no way where they going to eat that new plant-based meat substitute.  
Dr. Mom agreed, “I tried a sample at the market, didn’t like it. We may have less meat in general boy’s, but more protein in beans, natural cheese, and leaner meats. But absolutely no more high fructose sugars, and sugaring snacks each and every day. Once or twice a week was fine as long as you boys are physically active, burning off the extra calories.  I am researching new alternatives with no artificial sweeteners; I am having questions about them as being safe in the long run. More vegetables of course and no added salt or sugar.  You can’t get away from natural sugars in fresh foods, but they are lower than processed foods that have added sugar.  Fresh fruits are fine with limits, a growing boy needs much of the vitamins and minerals found in many fruits and vegetables.” She continued.
“I am not ready to plant a garden yet or start squeezing fresh orange juice. Just need to read the labels, see what sugars have been added. The sugary corn flakes are out and Coco Puffs, and Lucky Stars. Plenty of other more heathier cereals out there to eat. You can thank your Aunt Nellie that she got you boys to like oatmeal and corn mush.  Much better for you, in the fiber department if you know what I mean.”  Dr. Mom rattled on.
‘’Ah hey, Dr. Mom, we would like to stay and lesson to lecture 101 on good and healthy foods, but we have got to go to our assignments at the festival to finish setting up.” Charley explained. 
“Oh, that’s right boys, sorry I do get caught up in the moment. Go, if you are finished, I will clean up here, not due to check in at the clinic until after the parade and  then my shift at the first aid booth.  I am the official Marshall of the parade this year, so I must ride in the major’s car to start the parade. Got to wear that darn dress and all. You think it makes me look fat.” Dr. Mom asked. 
Denny was the only one of the boys who was not afraid to answer her.  “No, Dr. Mom, you will outshine the sun, and then make the moon jealous.”, Denny avoided answering the real question. The boys had agreed in private the Gown was a bit old fashion and made her look fat.
“Why thank you Denny you are so kind to avoid the truth, unlike your cousins here, trying to hide under the table, Jimmy and Roger sneaking out the door. For your information boys I do have a mirror. I did get a new dress last week, to surprise your Father at the dance later if I can tear him away from duties long enough to get one dance in.” Laughed Dr. Mom.  Go, get out of my house, behave yourself and have fun.”
Roy shouted back at her as the boys left, “isn’t that a contradiction in words Dr. Mom.” Dr. Mom threw a piece of Turkey Bacon at the Roy’s back as he fled through the door.
“Kids, what would I do without them?” She exclaimed aloud.
Just then the Sheriff walked in from their bedroom and stated, “you would sleep better at night. Any bacon left.”  She pointed to the floor where the last piece landed. The Sheriff bent over to pick it up. Dr. Mom pinched his Butt.  He stood up and said. “Tisk, tisk, dear, that’s what lead to having the twins, if you remember. He embraced his wife in a tender hug. She was heard to say before he kissed her. 
“Yes, dear I remember, remind me how that works later.”
***
The boys made good time getting into town. Many festival workers were busy unpacking prizes, arranging bake goods on tables, putting the finishing touches on bunting, and displays. Jimmy and Roger headed for the dunk tank where the Mayor was just testing the device that triggered the seat to collapse dunking the person on it, into the water. He was pitching soft balls at the trigger resetting the seat each time he managed to hit the trigger hard enough.  He saw the boys coming.
“Hi, boys, you’re ready for some wet fun.” Shaking the boy’s hands, he instructed Jimmy where he kept the towels and the where the extra soft balls where. He handed Jimmy a money apron to wear. He told Roger to take his sandals off and leave his T-shirt on.  The afternoon sun could be brutal on a wet back.
Roger climbed in the tank jumping in feet first to test the water’s warm, it was a bit chilly at first from the morning air but would warm up quickly as the sun rose higher. The Mayor excused himself having other duties to perform.  Jimmy practiced throwing the balls trying to knock Roger in the water.  Jimmy was a fair pitcher, so he managed about 6 times out of 10, to knock Roger in the tank.  Soon a crowd was gathering on the square, heading for favorite games and food concessions.  The parade would start at Eleven and wind up by Noon. After that, the square would be packed to the gills.   He was soon busy with the late morning rush.
The Twins where at the Clinic’s booth where Nurse Miller already had the table ready and handing out band aid samples and flyers. Nurse Miller was Officer Miller’s daughter. The boys grabbed a bunch of flyers, and first aid samples, and started roaming the crowd. 
Denny was already in the growing crowd with Terri Walkers penny a vote jar, and Terri alongside her in her traditional revolutionary ball gown. Waving and handing out small paper flags attached with a sucker when anyone dropped a penny in the jar.  Later, Denny would escort Susy Wilks, wearing a similar gown to escort around the grounds trading off every hour or so with Terri Walker.  It was going to be a perfect day.
Everyone was having fun, the parade went and gone. Dr. Mom, showed up at the Clinics tabled for her shift, dressed in a very attractive gown. Denny was right when he said, ‘she would outshine the sun, and make the moon jealous.’  When he passed the table, he took time to whisper in her ear. “See I was right, that dress does not make you look Fat.” Dr. Mom shooed him away, laughing over the inside joke.  The afternoon soon turned into early evening, the crowd thinning out as people headed over to the river flats, freshly mowed last week. Were the fireworks would be set off from a small island in the center of Apply river.  People brought blankets, portable tables, BBQ’s and had a fine picnic while they waited for the sun to set.  Dr. Mom would join the crowd after checking at Aunt Nellie at the clinic.  The twins where busy with Jimmy and Rodger draining the Dunk tank, helping others with packing up boxes tearing down tables. Tomorrow a work crew would arrive to tear down booths, load the tables in the truck to return them city hall, pick up litter and empty the trash.  In no time the town square would be back to its pristine picture-perfect self. 
Suddenly there was a commotion in the among workers when someone was running shouting for the twins. Terri and Susy came running toward the boys, out of breath.  “Have you seen Denny; we can’t find him anywhere” Terri managed to get out between breaths? 
Susy catching hers explained.  “Denny was supposed to have met the Major at city hall to return the penny vote jars. We had  gone to the Inn to freshen up sending Denny on to city hall. When we returned to city hall to get Denny, the Major said he never showed up.  We thought that Denny might have had an episode. We  searched the route to and from the Inn where he was last seen heading to city hall. We checked the only short cut to city hall from the Inn.” Susy stopped to catcher her breath.
Terri picked off where she left off. “We found both of our penny vote jars smashed in the alley short cut. Denny was nowhere to be found. We looked everywhere back to the city hall.  We brought the Mayor back to where we found the jars broken, he made a careful search of the area too and found this.  Terri took an object from her little silk purse she was holding and showed it to her brother. It was a key from the Walker Inn with the Number 9 on it.


Chapter 10
Aunt Nellie Screams


The Twins as one shouted, “We need to the tell the Sheriff.” Terri informed him that the Major is doing that now.  Moments later, Sirens are heard heading downtown.  Soon the Sheriff pulls up to the boys. Get in Twins, Terri, Susy, you need to go back to the Inn, change clothes. A deputy is on his way now to talk you your Mother about that Inn Key, then meet us back at city hall. Jimmy, Roger, I want you to check any place that Denny might have wondered in the throes of an episode just in case this has nothing to do with that key.  As he was talking to the teens, Billy Sikes walked up. 
I heard the news Sheriff, me and the older boys are gathering now to do a search around town. It is the least I can do given the way I caused him so much trouble.” Billy humbly stated.  
“Thank you, Billy, tell the others to check every empty box, doorway, or hiding place.  If he had one of his episodes, he could have unknowingly sought shelter somewhere. Make your reports at the city hall where we are setting up a command center.  I have a deputy at the river flats, asking if any there saw Denny, where and when.  To go home and check their back yards and outbuildings to report back to city hall by phone.
Billy ran off to give his gang the instructions. Turning to Jimmy and Roger, he said do the same gather other kids to help you. With the twins in the car, he drove off to the house and boat house so the twins could check there.  The House and the boat house was empty.  He took the twins to the clinic where Dr. Mom was getting together an emergency response team together to stand by when Denny was found.  Just as the Sheriff and the Twins found Dr. Mom outside of Aunt Nellies room.  They heard a scream from her room.  Rushing in they found Aunt Nellie in a faint, holding a letter in her hands. Dr. Mom pushed the code blue button alerting the Nurses station.  She motioned the twins out and the Sheriff, just as he took the letter out of Aunt Nellie hand.  The nurse and two other doctors arrived with the crash cart shut the door behind them.  The sheriff took the twins down to the waiting room, ashen faces, and tears running down their checks.  The sheriff sat them down and tried to re-assure them everything was going to be okay. He just could not believe it himself. 
He stepped aside realizing he still had the letter in his hand.  He read it.  You could see in his eyes he was scared. It was a ransom letter signed with the number 9.  He had Denny.  The twins seeing the fear in the Sheriff’s eyes, took the letter out of his hands, and read it. They swore the worst four letter words they knew. The Sheriff looked at them, thanks boys, my sentiments exactly. Do not ever let me hear those words again from out your mouth.  Just, then Dr. Mom came out of Aunt Nellies room and approached the Sheriff. 
“False alarm, she fainted, something about a letter she found under her dinner plate. She is mumbling something about a number 9 and Denny. I gave her a mild sedative for now.” Dr. Mom explained.
The Sheriff showed her the letter, she read it twice, then swore an oath that made even the Sheriff flinch.
Turned to the twins, “Now I know where you learned those words.” The twins flinched also.  He turned to his wife. “I got to go tell the others it’s a kidnapping now. I want you to find out who brought that letter to her room, the when, why, and who could have slipped this letter to her, get back with me soon as you can.  I am taking the twins with me to keep an eye on them.”  Taking the letter, from his wife, he rushed the boys out to the squad car.  In seconds he had the sirens and all the lights flashing. He was on the radio, to his deputies posting a county wide bulletin to look out for a stranger with a boy fitting Denny’s age and description.  This was a confirmed kidnapping.  Racing to City Hall, he confronted a group of parents outside, asking him questions. He quieted them down and told them what he knew and what he could tell them without alarming them.
I am sorry folks, but the fireworks are canceled until further notice. Denny is not missing he did not have one of his episodes. He has been kidnapped. Those of you who can help, the best thing you can do is report any stranger in your neighborhood you might see with a boy Denny’s age, in a car or on foot.  I know many of you know Denny, yet some will not. If you are sure about a sighting report it here to city hall. If you are not sure, report it still to city hall and let the authorities sort it out.  Share the news, by phone tree, social media, or in person to your neighbors. As many eyes as we can have out there, the better chance we can spot Denny and his kidnapper.  I must warn you and implore you, do not I repeat, do not stop, and apprehend this felon. Do not put you and Denny in danger. Let the trained authorities deal with it.  I can’t give you any more details right now.” Pushing through the crowd, with the Twins in tow, he made it into City hall where the command center was being set up.  
Jimmy and Roger where sitting at a table where they were marking off places on the city map the other teens in the city were reporting back showing negative findings. He told the boys this was officially a kidnapping, and to tell those reporting back to step back and observe and not get involved directly.  Tell them to stay in the shadows and report back anything suspicious.  He was calling the FBI, and until they arrive with their special task force, he is in charge, after that it is the FBI in charge. By protocol he will be asked to relieve himself of any command of the situation being Denny is his nephew.  He told the twins, Jimmy, and Roger, that he will work with the shadows, and in the shadow at the boat house after that. Just then, Sarah Baker walked in, she was still staying at the Walker Inn and had been in the crowd outside city hall.  She approached the Sheriff, without preamble she announced she would be Officially in charge.  She had already contacted Chicago’s regional office of the FBI, and the special Kidnapping Unit she headed was on its way.  Should be here in within 5 hours. She told her former partner, he was doing a fine job getting folks involved in the initial search and setting up the command center.  Until her unit arrived, the Sheriff was in local command until then.  The boys at the table were stunned. They had it all wrong. The Geologist was the deep uncover agent, not number 10 as they suspected.
He showed the letter to Agent Baker and told her how he believed the kidnapper was somewhere hiding out in town or just outside of town. He didn’t shy away from  his past experience in the FBI, or on that same Kidnapping unit. He was frank with Sarah. The FBI have an excellent special Kidnapping Unit to put in the field.  This was a small town, and the first mistake they would make was believing Denny’s Kidnapper was heading to places unknown into a larger city where he could hide out with Denny until his demands where made and met.  He made that mistake once and it nearly cost the life of a victim.  Not this time.
***
Within 6 hours, the FBI where set up in the City Hall of Grand Apple River Valley Junction, taking charge of the Kidnapping of Denny McKelly. Sheriff Capp handed over all the evidence he had regarding the Ransom letter.   His former Partner had been pulled from her deep cover has a Geologist, living at the Walker Inn.  The Sheriff had some explaining to do to the boys, he would tell them later at the boat house. Meanwhile Sarah Baker the real FBI Agent had conferred with the special Kidnapping Unit everything she knew about the guy in Number 9.  She was dismayed that she never connected him to the felon in Number 10, who with the help of the Sheriff had managed to get the evidence needed to pin a Murder on him.  After several hush hush meetings with the Sheriff, and Sarah Baker they were able to piece together the motive for the kidnapping. Sheriff Capp relayed that he was still in touch with his former supervisor after the arrest of the Fixer. He had the latest evidence regarding what was found in the room of Number 10.  He also related the family history regarding Denny McKelly’s Mother and Father which was connected to the cold case 14 years ago, and the current cases the FBI where now involved in. 
 After a long phone call to the Sheriff’s former supervisor they had a clearer understanding of why Denny was kidnapped.  It was all linked to the Crime Boss in New York City and the murder that Denny’s Father had witnessed.  The Fixer was now in custody, but not talking.  So far, the only charges they could stick him to was him impersonating an FBI agent . A felony that could earn him 10 years in prison out in less with good behavior. Though the murder of Denny’s Mother with the DNA evidence and the fingerprints of the Fixer found at the scene of the murder was contested by the Fixer.  
He claimed he was there, and he paid for her services for one night. Yes, he had opened her bottle of prescriptions when she asked him to get one for her as her back was killing her.  He left her alive and well if not a bit drunk.  When asked how much he paid for her services he said $200 dollars. They asked him why the local Authorities had not found any money in her rooms after she died of a supposed overdose. The Fixer could not explain that. Could he explain why he told the county sheriff he was an FBI Agent, and his story of looking for a fugitive and he was a census taker. Hey, he stated, “I am a con man, so sue me.” Up until then, they couldn’t connect him to Denny McKelly and his Aunt Nellie, until the two new pieces of evidence came forward, the letter Denny’s Mother left him to read when he was old enough, and the letter found in the Fixer’s room at the Inn where he stayed. Written by a mystery person offering him 250,000 dollars for closing loose ends once and for all and when this was presented to his lawyer.  The lawyer had his client clam up when he saw all the pieces of the puzzle fitted together.  
As for the guy in Number 9, they never connected him to their Fixer. If they had they could have prevented the kidnapping of Denny McKelly. Later that evening, the Sheriff was sent home to wait for any reports as he was now officially off the case having a personal interest in the kidnapping as the foster Father and Uncle of the boy. Any  contact from the Kidnapper would come to them or through Aunt Nellie the legal Guardian.  The FBI had already impounded the memory card from the sheriff. Their best code breaker would get the file open so they could read Denny’s letter. He discovered it was not as easy has it sounded. Eventually he got the file open but could not break the no print code the boy created. The code breaker was impressed. They managed to take pictures off the computer screen using a digital camera, then using the file of the camera’s memory to print a copy of the letter.  They now had the third piece of the puzzle.  
***
Seventy-two hours later on the 7th of July, they still had no reliable sightings of the boy or his abductor. Then a break came through.  A letter arrived at the editor of the local newspaper, dropped off through his mail slot in the front door. It was another ransom letter with Number 9’s demands this time. He was demanding the return of the Number 10 letter, and the Mother’s letter to the boy.  Both letters having a direct link to the crime boss in New York City.  The demand included all electronic copies and files mentioning the letters or the boy would die.  The abductor had to still be in Grand Apply River Valley Junction still. How else could he get a letter dropped off by hand slipped through a mail slot in a door.
The Sheriff finding out this new development at his early morning briefing at City Hall, insisted that they do as the man demanded, the boy’s life was in the balance here.  Every incredible evidence could be handed over, it did not matter as too how many law officials have seen the evidence, handled the evidence, no way in hell would a jury not convict based on eyewitness of the highest authority.  The FBI, DNA reports, fingerprint reports, a Country sheriff department reports, all seen and handled by professionals. 
Once the boy was recovered it did not matter if the real evidence was lost. The Kidnapping links that evidence together.  This guy would have to nuke half the united states to bury that evidence.  The Sheriff was getting angry.  He knew he was crossing the line here but did not give a damn if he did.  Agent Baker had to tell him to keep the second ransom letter on mums, and how it was delivered, or face charges. The editor of the local paper was suddenly on vacation, his press shut down.  There was to be no leaks no press to muddle things up. The second ransom letter stated that a third letter would arrive soon with information where the evidence was to be dropped. 
***
The Sheriff returned home that late morning, to find Aunt Nellie setting at the Kitchen table with Dr. Mom.  Aunt Nellie had been released from the Clinic on good behavior just hours before.  He gave Aunt Nellie a hug, then asked where the Twins were. Dr. Mom said at the Boat house with Jimmy and Roger. Aunt Nellie found the courage to speak up. “Sheriff I want some answers now, she’s not telling me anything and the boys are just as quiet.  Have they found my boy yet?” Aunt Nellie demanded. 
“No Aunt Nellie, not from the lack of trying. There waiting for a second letter with his demands.” The Sheriff lied to Aunt Nellie. “The first letter said nothing of those demands, to wait for another letter. By my experience, a kidnapper wants to delay things as much as possible to put himself in a safe place before he makes any further plans.  This is not a planned kidnapping it does not have any of the hallmarks of one. It is a spur of the moment nabbing without forethought to where he is taking the boy after he nabs him.  That a plus in our favor since he will need to move around until he finds that safe place.  He will make a mistake and reveal himself inadvertently, giving us leads to his where abouts. Unfortunately, we have not any solid leads as of yet. When he is settled with the boy, he will manage somehow to get his demands to the FBI.  Until then, it is combing through false leads, and backtracking old ones just in case they missed something. It has only been three days. He won’t harm the boy, it’s his ace in the hole for him.” He told Aunt Nellie.
Aunt Nellie explained.  “You don’t understand Sheriff he’s harming the boy now; without Denny’s medication he could slip into a serious episode.  I checked his Medicine cabinet in his bathroom.  There is nearly a full bottle there. Dr. Mom confirms she gave him his travel bottle on the June 30 with his usual 6-day supply.  We cannot find that bottle in his room so he must have it with him. If his abductor allows him to take it.  He has been out of it for the last 2 days. By now the last pill he took is flushed out of his system.  He will go into a relapse unless he can get that medication within two days at the least.”
 “She is right dear, once he slips into a major episode, he will not be able to come out without more medication.” Dr. Mom told her husband. 
“Oh, Mother Mary of Jesus,” the Sheriff swore, “I forgot. Call the city hall Doc, and talk to Sarah Baker, explain to her what you just told me.  She will know want to do. Meanwhile I got to see the boys at the boat house.”  Turning to Aunt Nellie, “Denny’s been of late very resilient while you have been convalescent at the clinic. He has been worried and under stress since your heart attack. Yet, in all that time he has not had one episode. He has been holding it together and will continue to do so. Take courage, he will be alright. Now do not overdo yourself on your first day at home Aunt Nellie, we have everything in control here.”
“I feel so useless, Sheriff.” She cried.
“Now Old girl, you will never be useless to us. You done much for us over the years in managing this household and our kids.  We owe you a good rest.  Time for your catch up on those soap operas you like so much.”
“Phew on them Sheriff, there’s a real soap opera going on here in this town.” Aunt Nellie stated.
“You got that right Nellie girl, as Charley would say, and it’s time we close the book on that.” The sheriff kissed his wife and Aunt Nellie on the cheeks and left for the boat house.
Dr. Mom rose from the table and called Agent Sarah Baker.
***
He found the boys at the boat house in a game of dual checker, where each team took turns moving their pieces around. Each Player had their weaknesses and strength which made the game interesting when each play contradicted their partners previous play.  A game of lose or lose rather than win or lose strategy. It could go on for hours without a draw. The Sheriff knocked on the screen door out of curtesy, to get the boys attention.  The twins jumped up surprised, having not seen the Sheriff in days.  He entered sat down in the nearest chair. “Am I interrupting anything he asked.” They all said nothing important just killing time. 
“Good I got some brainstorming to do with you boys.” He got to point right of way.  “I want your boys to think hard about places a person could slip a letter to someone, somewhere without being noticed.  Like say a mail slot in a door that wouldn’t be noticed downtown.”  He then explained why he was asking.  He told the boys about the second ramson letter being slipped through the mail slot at the Grand Apple Valley Gazettes front door.  No one saw who did it or when. This letter gave his demands and would deliver a third letter where those demands would be dropped off before he would let Denny go. I cannot go into details what those demands are. Do not tell Aunt Nellie or Dr. Mom about the second ransom letter. I am sorry boys, I had to tell a lie mixed with a truth to protect Aunt Nellie’s health.” 
Seeing the worry in the twin’s eyes he clarified that statement. “Aunt Nellie doing fine boys, just don’t need to add any more worries to the ones she already has.  I been thinking that to get another letter to the FBI Denny’s abductor has to be still local, maybe still in town. He managed to drop a second letter off without notice.  So where would he drop a third letter off without notice.  I am of the mind he is disguised, or out late of night.  So, think hard boys, a place where a hand dropped letter would get found right away.  He wouldn’t want it to be out of the ordinary say very late night or early morning.”  Sheriff sat back as the boys sat quietly thinking.   
Jimmy came up with the first possibility. The drop box outside the Post office. But that was to public on the town square under bright lights and security cameras at the Post office. Then Roy brought up the ideal of the parking ticket drop off at the city hall, then realized to many FBI around 24/7.  Charley came up with the local drycleaners, they had a large drop box for after hour drop offs a drive-up affair in the back of the cleaners. The sheriff agreed it was a possibility, opened early hours, in a secluded area.  He told the boys to add that to their mental list. Roger sat there with deep wrinkles in his forehead, he was figuring out something. The sheriff asked him want he was thinking.
“The book drop at the Library; it sets on the curbside under a tree.  It has to sides you can drop books in. One off the sidewalk, and one from the street for Drive ups.  The library sets just outside of downtown right at the edge of a residential area. There’s foot traffic and street traffic all the time. I have seen many of people dropping books off as I have gone home from visiting Jimmy or the twins.  No one would think twice about anyone on foot dropping a book off. Would not even notice if it was a letter.  That person could walk through the neighborhood casually and never be noticed Sheriff.” Roger explained.
“I think, you got something their Roger.  Now how would we from a good advantage point watch the library Drop Box, and the dry cleaner without no one being the wiser.” Asked the Sheriff. 
Charley said the FBI could post a man at the library inside after hours. Or off in the wooded lot behind the dry cleaners.  The Sheriff disagreed and explained why. “There is a good chance the abductor could he monitoring the place hours before he made a drop.  Many a steak out has been fouled by getting in placed to soon or too late.  As good as the FBI are, in this small town they stand out like a clown on a donkey.  It can work in a large city when there is a population of people on the streets at all time. Too busy to notice or care.  Even my own deputies are to in-experience to manage it.” 
“What I am thinking is that you boys, and some others, say like Billy Sikes and anyone who lives in those area’s to be out and about.  If this guy is disguised and checking things out, any boys out and about he has seen before in the neighborhood would not alarm him.  We need to set a net around him, not to catch him, but to follow him after he makes a drop. Here is how it should go. Several boys on the street say playing ball or just hanging out together. If they spot a person making a drop at the dry cleaners or the library, one boy splits off to follow them do  walk by to confirm if it is a stranger, or a local in that neighborhood. They will know. If a stranger, they will fall back and alert another boy to follow the stranger.”  
We know he does not have a car or stolen one. Mrs. Walker says he never register a license plate as required and showed her a bus ticket, how he got to town.  The FBI has confirmed that with video footage from the bus terminal where he loaded the bus to get here.   So, he is on foot for sure.  To make this work I will ask Agent Baker to post agents at the post office and make a point of keeping an eye on the ticket drop at city hall. I regret having to misdirect her but as I have said.  They will standout, as a sore thumb. This should give our guy fewer choices. Any places you have missed that could be possible drop offs. The more the better. Denny’s running out of time boys, he is out of his medication.” The Sheriff explained.
“We can ask Billy and others. They might have some ideas Sheriff”, Jimmy said.   
“Then I need Jimmy and Roger to go home and make some phone calls gather as many boys as you can to the teen center as soon as possible, I will open it up and we can work this out.  We need do this by say by 5 p.m. and be in position. Get as many teams together brief them on the how, why, and what not to do.  If we are lucky in the next Three days, we might have our Denny back safe and sound.   I will give Jimmy, Roger, Billy, and any leaders of a team radios, so that a leader of a team can call me. The radios are civilian type with one or two channels.   Nothing any one can pick up on if monitoring the open airways. Their called dedicate channels for emergency search and rescue volunteer teams.  Charley and Roy know how to operate them so then can teach each team leader how to work them.  Send each team out before 5 p.m. for the next 3 days, we will regroup then if we get no results. I want the twins here on the radio at the boat house.”   
“Jimmy because this guy knows you, you stay at the Inn as a relay to the twins.  Roger, I want you with a team at the library, you’re a local in that neighborhood you will be the spotter, who verifies the drop even if this guy is disguised, I know you will you recognize him when you see him.  Remember a good tail will recognize a gait, the way a person walks, the way he swings his arms when he walks, quirks like that. You spent some time with him lugging his camera’s around.  You are a regular around the library and a resident in that neighborhood I am counting on him to dismiss you.  Even if he sees you, he will not react or give himself away. Just make sure it is not you who follows him after you confirm it is him. It is what we call in the business as switching tails so the person we are tailing will not notice a tail. Let us get going on the double now boys’ times a wasting, and time doesn’t wait for pennies from heaven.” The sheriff quoted his favorite quote. 
Two hours later, at the teen center, 30 boys ages from 14-17 where being briefed on the whys, how, and when. Four teams where put together at the Library, Dry cleaners and two other likely places Billy Sikes and another boy came up with.  That added to 4 total places, the odds were getting even now. The Sheriff made the boys promise no heroics to do it by the book.  If there plans pan out, and they found their mark, it was important to find his hiding place do not capture.  A capture could put Denny in more danger hidden somewhere when a kidnapper refuses to tell where.  For two hours the team rehearsed there moves and practiced tailing a boy. When he was satisfied they were ready.  He sent the boys  to their territories to set up the stage for a shadow play as he called it.  Where the teams would be in the Shadows doing what teens do playing.  Each team leader were armed with two-way radios.  Jimmy went back to the Inn, to explain as much as he could to his Mother, why he was posted out on the front porch of the inn.  Roger, went with his team to be outside the Library playing kick the can on the street,  boys hanging out on their front yards covering one end of the block to the other.  The other teams where doing the same thing with variations given their locale.  The Sheriff sent the twins home on foot  to the Boat house to man the Emergency radio there on Channel 10, while he went to city hall to talk to Sarah Baker.  He drew her aside and ask her to trust him.  He explain the shadow game and needed her to put agents out in front of the post office and city hall, under cover, put in as plain site as possible so as to give the target an alternative drop where his shadows were playing at shadow games.  She understood his logic and the urgency to find Denny.  She made the arrangements and made it very public in case there were eyes watching.
The first night was a bust. The second night they found their mark at the public library just around 7 p.m. Roger spotted him right away, his walking gait and the way he always slouched his shoulders. He wore the same hiking boots he always wore when out in the field filming birds.  He made a high sign to Billy Sikes who slowly tailed him after he made the drop. A letter.  As the mark neared the middle of the block heading back toward town, Billy signaled another boy sitting on a porch, then dropped back so that boy could tail the mark as casually has he could from across the street. Meanwhile, Roger was on the radio to Jimmy with details, while another boy raced around the block to  down the alley behind houses, to be in position after a third tail picked up the mark.  One by one new boys raced through back yards and alleys, to be in position to pick up the tail when a boy dropped off. Three blocks later, the mark stepped off the sidewalk down an empty lot crossed, to a wooden fence where he slipped through a loose board.  The last tail signaled the next tail to go around the corner both boys knowing where that  hole in the fence led too. 
By that time Roger was there, he knew where that trail led also. To a boxed in dead end where exterior walls of brick masonry created a cud da sac up against a dilapidated one-story building. Only one way into the cud da sac, into that building and no way out except if you wanted to jump out a window into river.  All the windows and doors where boarded except one dirty window facing the river. That window there was high on a wall, the river below flowing below a steep bank.  Some of the older teens often used it for a hang out to smoke and drink beer.  But not since Officer Miller busted a party their last May.  The building was surrounded with tall brush and volunteer trees on one side, and back from the street behind an old neighborhood mom and pop store on the other side now condemned.  The boarded fence was high blocking much of the building on this side of the street. Roger stood by, out site of the building and the fence.  He waited for the last tail to return from around the corner the East side of the building. 
 He walked up to Roger and reported that he could see a light in the building through a hole in the boarded up-front door. It flickered as if it was a gas lantern.  He could not hear anything no talking or crying.  Another tail came out from the West side of the building where brush and trees covered the small lot behind it. It was Billy Sikes. He reported he could hear a man shouting to someone when he put his ear up against a boarded window.  All he could hear was “stupid boy, wake up wants wrong with you” then nothing.  Suddenly another boy whistled a look out in a tree across the street that had a good view over the fence and into the cud do sac.  Everyone went for cover.  Soon the mark slipped through the fence crossed the lot and started toward downtown.  Roger made a decision, handed the radio to Billy Sikes, and told him to discreetly follow the mark far enough away to not give himself away. Make radio reports as often as he can to Jimmy. If the mark should turn back, try your best to delay him.  Billy understood why.
Billy strolled off a safe distance away tailing the mark going into town.  Roger making up his mind to rescue Denny, he told the tails to watch out, rushed to the fence, and into the cud da sac. H entered the building as quiet as he could, were a weak light was flickering to his left to the West wall Billy heard the man shouting from inside.  In seconds he found Denny sitting up on a filthy mattress.  Denny saw Roger, ran to him hugging him tightly.
“Denny no time for this, we got to get you out of here now before he returns. Can you manage or do you want me to carry you?” Denny said he could walk.  Guiding Denny out they enter the cud da sac, where two boys where holding the boards open in the fence. Roger pushed Denny through first then stepped through himself.  Denny collapsed to the ground, he picked up Denny his arms running back toward the Library as fast as he could, while all the tails followed him.  He reached the library steps carry the boy up to the front door, pulling his key out, unlocked it, Laid Denny down on a patted bench in the foyer, then disarmed the alarm before it could go off. He raced to the front desk picked up the phone and called the clinic, told them he found Denny, where he was and needed immediate medical attention.  Then he called the Capp house where Dr. Mom answered.  I got him Dr. Mom, Denny, I got him at the library.  I have already called the clinic they are sending over an ambulance now. Meet us there. He hung up.  Seconds later Billy came running in. 
“Roger, the Sheriffs got him; he was racing down the street in that Quad of the Twins. He bowled him over with that beast. Jumped out and put him in handcuffs.  He asked me where Denny was. I told him you was rescuing him as we speak.”
  Another boy rushed in to the library. “The sheriffs here, he has got that felon handcuffed to the Quads roll bars.” 
“Move aside boys please let me through.” He pushed his way in.  He stopped when he say Roger standing next to Denny on the bench.  He kneeled down and embraced Denny, fearful he was too late. Denny stirred dazed and bleary eyed.
“Hi Sheriff. I’m awful hungry.” Then dozed off again.  The Sheriff turned to Roger, do not just stand there call the clinic.
“I already have and Dr. Mom too. There on their way Sheriff.” Roger said.
“Then get the boy something to eat, he said he was awful hungry.” The Sheriff and Roger hugged each other laughing. The sheriff  turned to the boys standing in doorway. “Best you all get on to home. Thank you all for finding Denny.”  
One by one, the boys left the library, Billy the last to leave, handing him the personal two-way Radio. “Your welcome sheriff, Later Roger.” Then he to left the library just as the ambulance and Dr. Mom drove up around the Quad. 
She was the first to reach Denny with her black bag as the Ambulance medics got the gurney out. She lifted his head, and examined his eyes, they were slightly dazed.  Then took his pulse racing but not as bad as she feared.  She was afraid there would not be any.  She got out her stethoscope, listen to his heart, and was satisfied.  She shook the boy awake, He looked up to her and said. “Am I dreaming, are you an angel did you bring me some Cotton Candy from the fair.” She embraced Denny and started crying between bouts of laugher. 
They loaded Denny up on the Gurney, put him on Oxygen, then started a saline drip. Dr. Mom said he had signs of dehydration and it would best to start one. In no time the Para Medics had Denny on the ambulance with Dr. Mom riding along.  Shortly after Agent Sarah Baker showed up, having monitored the clinic emergency frequency.  She noticed the Quad and the slumped over man in the back handcuffed to the roll bars. Sheriff handed his cuff keys to Sarah and let her take custody of the man in her car. Suggested he might need medical attention, has he walked in front of the Quad accidently.  He smiled at Rodger with a wink.
“Your think Dr. Mom’s car will be okay here parked overnight.” The Sheriff asked Roger. 
I think so, I know the Sheriff personally, I don’t think he will ticket the car, or have it towed.” Roger Laughed. 
“Got that right boy.  Let me give you a ride home in the beast.”
“No thanks Sheriff, I heard you ran over a guy tonight with the beast of yours, while he was standing on the sidewalk minding his own business”.
“Hey, son, he wasn’t looking where he was going.” 
“I will walk home Sheriff not that far from here.  Give my best to the twins and Aunt Nellie.” Roger asked. 
Oh my, I forgot about the twins, and Aunt Nellie, they must be frantic for news, call Jimmy with my thanks, and ask him to give all clear to the other teams. I’m out of here.” The Sheriff jumped in the Quad started her up then turned her around toward town, then popped a hard wheelie. He had disengaged the governor and raced off. Roger reset the library’s alarm and locked up and headed home.


Chapter 11
Denny tells his Story


They kept Denny at the clinic for three days, checking him all over. Dr. Mom asking him if his abductor had abused him in any way.  Did het touch you inappropriately.  Denny assured Dr. Mom, No. Physically the boy checked out okay after a day of a saline drip, food, and rest. She was concerned about his emotional state, what kind of flashbacks he would have, nightmares, typical for a young boy who has been kidnapped for three days and held under deployable conditions. She had the clinic psychologist talk to him every day while he was in the clinic.  He had to face an official debriefing by the FBI, that following morning after he was rescued, asking for details, if his abductor had an accomplice, did he talk about anyone, make phone calls.  Then they asked how he had survived without his medication when it ran out.
Denny told them the kidnapper allowed him to take his medication he had with him, once he explained what it was for.  He told him one half pill a day.  A lie, knowing he would run out soon. He started rationing them, by breaking a pill in half. To stretch them out to last. He had taken the last half pill that morning before Roger showed up to rescue him that night.   The FBI’s search of the abandon building revealed very little. A small supply of food, water, a small gas cook stove and gas lantern, Two mattresses, dirty blankets, old chairs, and a table.  The last items left over from the times when local older teens where using the place as a hang out before they got busted for trespassing and having a beer party. They questioned Officer Miller why he had not checked this empty building during the initial search of empty buildings in town. He said he still thought the kids where still using it as hang out and did not bother. Figured they would know if someone had moved end with a kid.  Even the local kids did not know it was being occupied either, they had stayed out of it after Officer Miller raided the place.  
The FBI learned from Denny, that the kidnapper had taken the boy directly their unseen when nearly everyone else in the town was at the Fourth of July festivities at the Town Square.  It had already been supplied with food, water, the cook stove, and gas lantern.  Denny added that that the kidnapper only went out at night, but never long.  He kept Denny tied up and gagged when he left the building and most other times. Except for that last day and night when he was faking one of his episodes. He said the kidnapper had ungagged him fearing he was suffocating and left only his legs tied covered up under the blanket.  Denny said the night Roger had rescued him, the Kidnapper told him, fearing he was getting sicker and running out of time, left to deliver the Third ransom letter hoping to speed things along so he could let the boy go.  When he left with the last ransom letter, he had untied his feet, getting ready to escape, but the guy came back too soon.  Covering himself up under the blanket to hide his untied feet he continued to fake his unconsciousness, breathing even slower. The guy panicked believing the boy was a goner. He heard the guy state he was going for help.  When he left again, that was when Denny sat up from the mattress on the floor, then froze when he heard someone enter the building again, thinking the Kidnapper had returned. When he saw it was Roger in the dim light he ran into his arms.  The rest you know, I managed to walk out with Roger where two other boys where holding the fence boards open.  After that I do not remember much, I was in and out of it there. 
The FBI asked Denny about when the Kidnapper nabbed him, the time and where.  Denny retold the story he had already told Dr. Mom and the Sheriff. “When the festival was wrapping up in the town square Terri and Susy escorted him to the Walker Inn.  I then took the two penny vote Jars I had with me to City Hall to meet with the Mayor as planned to help count Pennies.  After I left the Inn, I took the short cut through the alley behind the inn.  I didn’t realize someone was following me until they grabbed me from behind, tried to stuff a rag in my mouth, I resisted, then turned around toward him.  Which was when I dropped the penny jars, I heard them crash to the ground. I struggled with the stranger, somehow, I had grabbed the strangers suit jacket where I tore a pocket out.  I heard something clink to the ground but did not know what it was.”
“During the struggle I never got a good look at the stranger until after he made me walk out of the alley and out of downtown through varies ways. He threaten me with serious harm if did not walk-in front of him casual like. Not to yell or run.  He said he had a gun at my back. Which I felt something pocking in my back, hard and metal like.  I was very scared by then and obeyed him.  We eventually hid out at first on the riverbank behind some buildings I did not know.  Then when it got dark enough, he led me to an empty lot, through the fence, and into the building he was holding me at. He tied me up, gagged me, shoved me on to an old dirty mattress. For three days and nights he kept me tied and gagged, except to feed me, which was very little, give me very little water too and let me take my pill.  He kept my feet tied when I was allowed to use an old bucket to go to the bathroom in.”  After that, FBI left Denny alone to rest in the clinic.  
***
By the time Denny came out of the clinic to go home the whole town knew how he was rescued and where.  Jimmy, Roger, and Billy Sikes was given much credit for supervising the shadow team as it was now called. The FBI special Kidnapping Unit, tide loose ends up in town, made their final report to Sheriff Capp as a curtesy.  Then left town with their kidnapper taking him to the same federal detention center his partner was, though to separate cells.  They would hand their report over to the Federal Prosecutor to tie the loose ends together, adding the final pieces to the Puzzle.  Mr. Anderson the fake Audubon Society Member, and Kidnapper of Denny McKelly was freely talking, with him facing Armed Federal kidnapping charges and a life time in person, considering the Sheriff had found a Gun on the kidnapper when he apprehended him and Denny’s statement he threaten to shoot the boy.  
The kidnappers attempt to get federal evidence to destroy them, evidence that linked his partner the Fixer to the death of Denny Mothers, and to a New York crime boss and his past murder charges was enough to send him and his partner to prison for life. There was no federal statuary limit on murder, so the New York Boss was also in custody when Mr. Anderson revealed who hired the Fixer who wrote the letter hidden behind the mirror in Number 10 at the Walker Inn. 
Denny make an official statement that the mug shot of Mr. Anderson was indeed the guy who kidnapped him. All the pieces finally fitted together except one.  Denny’s Father and where was he today.  FBI Agent Geologist Sarah Baker provided that one piece.  Returning to town 5 days later, visiting the Sheriff at the Sheriff station Agent Baker handed Sheriff Capp a DNA report. He opened it. It showed another match to Denny’s DNA, a deceased John Doe found 2 year ago.  A Homeless man in Los Angeles, California.  The letter from Rebecca McKelly, to Denny, and Aunt Nellie recalling that the boy’s Father was name Richard O’Tomas from Nantucket, Mass, the FBI traced him back to his hometown.  Where the FBI discovered his parents where deceased, the Estate held in trust until they could find Richard O’Tomas or any heir of his. 
With further DNA evidence form the Estate attorneys, they matched Denny’s and Richard O’Tomas to the O’Tomas estate as son and grandson.  Denny was to inherit a considerable amount of money and property.  Agent Baker said it was time to reveal to the boy and his Great Aunt the sad news of Denny Mothers recent murder and his Fathers passing 2 years ago.  The Federal Prosecutors would soon release those details as the case came to a close regarding the New York Crime boss, the Fixer, and the Kidnapper all in a federal prison facing unbeatable charges.
Later that evening at the Boat house with the Twins, Dr Mom with her black bag hidden nearby, Great, Great Aunt Nellie McKelly, and Denny McKelly met with Agent Sarah Baker and the Sheriff over a cookout. When the meal was done, the Sheriff announced that Agent Baker had some final reports to reveal that concerned this family only.  Agent Baker, setting between the family stated simply that the 3 known felons in this case where now in a federal detention center held without bail. The evidence clearly un- contested. All felons facing life prison without parole, as kidnappers, murders, and accessories to each other’s murder charges. This town or this family will never have to deal with this matter again. 
Catcher her breath, “I sadly must report that we have found Miss Rebecca McKelly, Denny’s Mother to be one of those murder victims.”  She let that soak in for Aunt Nellie, and Denny.
Aunt Nellie gasped, “Oh that dear child,” Calling Denny to her side, “I am so sorry my boy.”  She held Denny to her breast tightly as the boy sobbed. The twins joined their Aunt Nellie and Denny, embracing them all.  They knew how Denny loved his Mother even though she had to give him up and the twins having never meet their Mother’s younger sister still counted her as family afar.  How Aunt Nellie missed her Grandniece and the adventures they had together traveling around the world when Denny’s Mother was just a young teen herself. 
Agent Barker give Aunt Nellie and the boys time to deal with their grief before she revealed much more. She went on later to tell how Denny’s Father had witnessed the Crime bosses murder on the subway in New York, how he had been threatened to reveal nothing and was forced to leave Denny’s  Mother at the time to hide out from the Crime Boss threats to protect his family.  She then simply give the facts that this crime boss had hired what is known as a Fixer. A man experienced in taking care of loose ends for Crime bosses who needed witnesses, and evidence to disappear for good. Denny’s Mother was one of those loose ends. The Fixer spend 14 years finding these loose ends and taking care of them for good.  The Fixer came to Grand Apply Valley Junction hoping to find Denny’s Father a man who dropped off the ends of the earth.  He had some knowledge of his Mother’s maiden name, but lost tract of her after she had given up her son to her Aunt. One plus one added up to two, that was his job. But he lost tract of the Aunt and the boy when she also disappeared from New York City.  Not until four weeks ago when he came across the State Journal article on the Grand Apple Valley Junction Charity league latest fund raiser where it named Dennis McKelly their posterchild the grandnephew of Nellie McKelly. 
Apparently, he was in the state at the time. He showed up later at Sheriff Capps office posing as an FBI agent having a real retired agents, ID, and official badge. Details on how he got that has yet to be known.  Sheriff Capp an ex-FBI agent himself, spotted something wrong with this agent’s story and why he was here undercover posing as a census taker.  Again, one plus one adds up to two, and you all know where that led too.  With Denny’s rescue from his Kidnapper, and all parties arrested. All the links were added and that one plus one became 10.  During the Sheriff’s own investigations and suspicions, led him to get a fingerprint of the fake agent, DNA sample of Denny, which linked the Fixer to the murder of his Mother six months ago of a transient woman with no id found on her. I will leave those details up to the sheriff to share in private.  To skip to the chase here, we all know the outcome of these Mysteries, only one is left.  The where, abouts of Richard O’Tomas Denny’s biological Father.  Denny, will you join me please.” When Denny sat next to Agent Baker, she shared some personal history of her own.
“I want you to know that I too never knew my Father as he too left my Mother before I was born, though under different circumstance then your Father faced. He left you to protect you and your Mother.  After you came to live with Aunt Nellie, he disappeared for good and you Mother lost tract of him because he went into deep hiding, knowing you were in the care of your Aunt. Though that is a supposition, meaning a guess, but mostly the truth. From want we know now, he became a homeless person on the streets in Los Angeles, California. No Id, nor did he talk about his past to anyone. He managed most time to find transient work though not in the line of his college degree in finances and in the stock market.  That was his deep cover and very effective.  Two  years ago, as a transient, he took seriously ill and did not live long after that. Having no id on him and his fingerprints not on any records, he become a John Doe. DNA samples are taken and put into a federal Data base in hope that someday someone reporting him missing would also put their DNA in the database as well, hoping a match would lead do that missing person.  This is how we found your Mother and now sadly your Father.”
Reaching into her briefcase she handed over to Aunt Nellie, the only Photos they found on him when he died.  One was a wallet size snapshot of a Young Lady and Young Man sitting together in one of those coin operated Photo booths. The other a folded 3x4 picture of the same young lady with a toddler in her arms.  Aunt Nellie looked over the two Photos. She handed the pictures to Denny.
“This is your Mother and your Father as I remember them back then.  The other is your Mother and you in her arms when you were just 4 years old shortly before I took charge of you.  Somehow your Mother managed to get these pictures to your Father before she lost contact with him.  Hold on to them dearly boy, they are the only photos I know of my Grand Niece, your Mother, and your Father.” 
Dr. Mom stepped over to look at the pictures, tears in her eyes, she had no pictures of her younger sister either, as her sister was raised in Ireland by their Grandfather most of her life. Dr. Mom sat next to Aunt Nellie, grasping her wrist secretly taking her pulse.  A mite fast, but to be expected. Aunt Nellie turn to Dr. Mom, patting the hand on around her wrist. 
“I am fine Sersha, in my heart I knew all along Rebecca was gone given her problems at the time.  It is a peace of mind knowing she is at peace now. I only wish she and Richard could have lived to see Denny such a find strapping lad as he is.” Aunt Nellie told her Grandniece.  Dr. Mom told her Aunt, we are all proud of our boys you know as she wiped tears from her cheek.
Agent Baker, spoke up, I do have one happy note to share here before I leave you. Reaching in her case, she handed out a rather large official envelope. Handed it over to Aunt Nellie she explained.
“This is from the estate Attorney of the late Mr. and Mrs. O’Tomas, Richard O’Tomas parents now deceased in recent years. The estate had been held in trust until and when they found their son or his heir. They also knew about Denny as his son. Yet, had no knowledge of his were abouts either. The DNA matches have been registered in court; death certificate recorded of Denny parents, as well as copy of Denny’s birth certificate which listed Richard O’Tomas as his biological Father.  The estate is to be settled in Denny’s favor without contest. The documents here  need Aunt Nellies signature and certified copies of any legal guardian papers proving she is the legal guardian of a minor. Which I understand from Andrew here, (the twins looking up rarely hearing their Fathers first name were surprised). Will not be a problem.  Once that is settled, she will be appointed the trustee of the estate.  Which I understand is extensive in Money and property in Nantucket.”   
“Everything Aunt Nellie and Denny need to know is in that packet also regarding  Denny’s relatives on his Father’s side of the family. I might add, non in direct line of inheritance, Richard O’Tomas was an only child.   Denny is the heir of his late Father and the probate court has stated so. That much the court could not contest with the FBI standing behind Denny’s claim. Now, if you will excuse me, I have a room at the Walker Inn and a cozy bed waiting for me.”  She rose as everything shook hands, Denny give her a big hug and thanked her dearly. The Sheriff lead her up to the house and said his own goodbyes. 
“Three days later a memorial service was held for Denny’s parents, a private affair including the Walkers, and the Wilks families. Though they did not know Denny’s parents, Denny was a part of their family none the less.  It was hastily arranged at a local cemetery. Where a plot was bought, a simple Bronze marker was placed with his parent’s name Birthdates and date of Deaths. A larger stone would be placed there later, with “In Loving Memory of a Grandniece, A sister, An Aunt, An Uncle, and a loving Mother and Father of Dennis O’Tomas McKelly.”  Nothing else was needed to express family love.  It was a closing chapter of a story and the beginning of new one. 


Chapter 12
The Treasure Map


After the memorial, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club approached the Sheriff in his den at home. They had been waiting for the right time to bring up a subject regarding something very important to them.  They were not sure how he would react.  After Denny’s abduction and rescue by Roger he was becoming very protected of Denny and the Twins.  Managing to find more time out of his busy schedule to spend more time with the three boys, hanging over them like a Mother hen watching her eggs to hatch. Leaving the nest long enough to scratch at seeds in the hen yard.  Then rushing back to the nest to roll over each egg, then settle her bun gently over them to warm them up. There was nothing wrong with an overprotective Mother Hen when it concerns the safety of her eggs and the brood to soon hatch and go out into the wide world of the Hen yard to defend for themselves. 
The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club just had to find a politically correct way to tell the sheriff they been sitting in the nest long enough. Prepared with several attack plans they settled with one. With Denny in front, the twins behind Denny.  Jimmy and Roger bringing up the rear.  They marched into the Roosters den with Denny carrying a plate of homemade Snickerdoodles freshly out of the oven.  The Master of this plan, the real general of the army, stood far back of the line to watch the careful battled plan to catch the Rooster of guard.  Was Aunt Nellie, the baker of her kingdom. The demon of Wild and Woolley adventures. The schemer who always got her way.
The Sheriff was busy browsing over household bills, engrossed on his computer, imputing online payments.  Double checking figures, moving one bill over to the done box, and shuffling others to find the ones he needed to pay today as they were due tomorrow.  As quiet as the boys seldom are, they managed to get the plate of snickerdoodles under his nose. Charley reaching over Denny’s shoulder to wave his hand over the steaming cookies fanning the delicious aroma into the Sheriffs nose.  The Sheriff just kept on working.  Not one twitch of his nose could be seen.  No smacking of his lips and his eyes or darting side to side to see where that wonderful aroma was coming from.  Denny slammed the plate down on the desk and commented sharply.  
“Really Sheriff do I have to hand feed you now.” The boys behind him stood there in shock, never did they hear Denny so sharply snap at the Sheriff.
The Sheriff slowly raised his head and said, “Excuse me Denny, did you want something. I am a bit busy here you know.” Snapping back at Denny.  The Twins turned around, shoving Jimmy and Roger at the door.  The sheriff is about to explode.  They left Denny to face the head Rooster, who was about to scratch the young roosters’ eyes out who dare inward his territory.  The four boys stopped just outside the door, looking back in.  Two pairs of heads on the left side, and Two pairs of heads on the right side, hands gripping the jams of the door. White knuckles bleached. Watching and waiting for the fight to begin.   Not one dared  save Denny the shame of losing the fight.  Aunt Nellie was nowhere to be seen. Actually, she was just around the corner in the next room peering in on the boys.  She was counting with fingers raised up, first one finger down, then the next, then the next and the last finger after that, then her thump uncurled from the palm of her hands, raised up in victory.
The Sheriff bellowed out a roar. “Thank you, Denny, I love snickerdoodles. Have one please, there is plenty there. It seems the boys left in a hurry without their share. More for us brave chickens, then for cowards who hide behind the chicken coop.”
The Twins, Jimmy, and Roger looked around them to see Aunt Nellie laughing her teeth out. Then turned around to see Denny offer another cookie to the Sheriff and stuffing the rest of the cookies into his two front pockets.  A straight face on him, not one laugh.  Then the Sheriff burst into laughter sputtering out snickerdoodles all over his desk.  Denny turned around carrying the empty plate approached the stunned boys. “I asked the Sheriff last night if it was okay if we could go on our camping trip now.”  He said yes if Aunt Nellie would make him a plate of snickerdoodles.  Denny walked out of hallway, handed Aunt Nellie the plate. Then dashed out the of the room, the boys not far behind screaming like angry Roosters, after an egg stealing Weasel. They caught up with Denny at the Boat house munching on snickerdoodles. 
Charley was the first to jump on him.  “You Weasel when did you plan this?”
Denny swallowed then spoke. “We and Aunt Nellie worked out the details last night after I asked the Sheriff and he said yes.  She suggested to the Sheriff, to pull this prank on you for making me the patsy in your scheme to use my sweet innocent smile to melt his resistance and say yes.  He went along with it. You were such cowards using me as your “Go to guy” to butter up the sheriff.”
“He’s right boys,” Aunt Nellie agreed as she walked up to the boat house with a new plate of snickerdoodles and a pitcher of Milk, glasses on a tray. “You all need to learn a lesson here.  You want something important; you need to do the difficult hard work yourself.  Not delegate Denny to do the hard work why you reap the rewards.”  Aunt Nellie was serious.
The boys were standing there their faces red in shame. They turned to Denny, one by one, apologized to him.  Denny looked them in the face and said, “Have a Snickerdoodle boys, pulling out cookies from his front pants pockets. You really got to work on those apologies, next time grease my palms with some cash, and I will be your patsy anytime.”
“Why You cheeky little squirrel.” Roy shouted. He grabbed a cookie from Denny hands, “thanks for the Snickerdoodle cousin”. 
Denny said, “Your welcome cousin.  Aunt Nellie made them. I’m just the delivery Boy, right?”
Jimmy spoke up.  I am not sure I like this new Denny. We may have to sit on that fat head of his and deflate it.
Charley agreed, “you got that right Jimmy, you catch him, I have a fart waiting for him.”  Jimmy reached for Denny, pulling his head down, while Charley turned his rear around Jimmy sticking Denny’s  nose at Charley’s butt.  Roy, with his hand under his arm started pumping our farts.  Roger stood there, laughing his head off.  Aunt Nellie set her tray down, turned around and left.  Shouting behind her back. 
“I can’t wait until you Grand Apple Valley Adventure club go camping, a week of peace and quiet.” That threw cold water on the boy’s fun.
“Wait,” Charley said, “The Sheriff said yes.”  Turning to Denny, ”When”?”
As soon as, we can ask Jimmy’s Grandfather to ready the camp for us.  As soon as tomorrow. If we can get Terri to still take us out to the farm with our extra gear and food supplies.  The Sheriff has already cleared it with Mrs. Walker, and Mr. Wilks. They all agreed it would be good for us to finally have some real fun for a change.
“Are you up to it Denny,” Roger asked. 
“Yes, Roger, anything to get away from the Twins.” Denny said.
For a minute there, the twins were confused. Together, they piped up, “What we are not going?”
“If you promise not to fart on me again.” Denny asked seriously. 
“Mr. Hyde’s back twins,” Jimmy shouted. Then the boat house shook with the battle that lasted for an hour until everyone collapsed out of breath.
***
The Sheriff listening on the intercom connected to the boat house smiled and took a deep breath. He was pleased that Denny was getting back to his cheeky self.  A week out camping will do the all the boys some good.  He hung up on the boys as their rough housing was reaching a high volume.  He could hear it echoing over the river flats from the house. He dialed the clinic and connected with his wife. “Hello, Dear, Denny’s back to his Dr, Jekyll and Mr. Hyde mode.”  A private joke between them. Meaning Denny was going to be just fine.  Dr. Mom toke a deep breath herself. 
“Thanks, dear, it is good news. Got to go, got a boil to lance on Bobby Kruller’s butt, he’s such a baby about it.”
“Well, the last thing I heard; he was a three year your old toddler.” The sheriff said.
“No, it’s Bobby Kruller senior, crying like a toddler.” Dr. Mom explained.
“Ouch” The Sheriff hung up. Went back to his den to finish the bills.  Later he had to report to duty with a desk full of paper that has backed up in recent weeks. He stated thinking about Jake Lake and Tommy Lee, the older boy who forced Jake in helping him escaped the County Juvenile Home. Now holding him hostage against his will.  The last report still having the boy’s location unknown.  So far, no sighting of them crossing the state line.  After the stolen car broke down, they disappeared. Mr. and Mrs. Lake are frantic wondering where their son is and if he is unharmed.  Somethings got to turn up soon, a new lead, or verified sighting. 
A complete report on his desk told the sheriff, the Lee boy is not entirely a violent boy, his background does not show it.  He got caught by surprise finding the store owner still in the store when he broke in.  The owner drunk appeared with a bat in his hands swinging around the bat in the air shouting “Get out or I’ll bash your head in kid.”  Tommy panicked tipped over a shelf unit, pinning the owner under it.  Then ran.  A silent alarm in the store had already alerted the police, a patrol just a block away arrived just as Tommy ran out the front door. He was nabbed. Crying this guy came out swinging a bat at me. I did not mean to hurt him, he threaten to bash my head in. All I wanted was some food. I did not mean to hurt him. The patrol partner rushed into the store. Found the store owner still swinging the bat around, shouting at no one in particular.  When the officer pulled the shelf unit off him the guy tried to club him with the bat. The store owner was stinking with alcohol on his breath, obviously drunk.  
Tommy Lee was arrested for an B & E, and assault. The store owner was okay, just bruises on his legs when the shelf fell on him.  He insisted the boy tried to kill him, had a gun. But a gun was never found on the boy or in the store our outside the store. Tommy claimed that he found the front door unlocked the lights off.  Admitted he was a runaway, looking for food. Apparently, he was escaping an abusive home life where his Father was beating him daily.  No Mother in the house left 7 year ago with another man. The Father a heavy drinker, and out of work. A psych revue revealed the boy was traumatized by his treatment suffering from a type of victim syndrome that affected his sense of reality and judgement, and paranoia. As a result of the abuse. The store owner insisted the boy be prosecuted, even though the police report stated the owner was drunk and violent, even hitting an officer with his bat while he tried to help the owner. 
The boy was detained at the county Juvenile Home against the recommendation of the psych report, that he be placed in foster care where he could get mental health treatment and medication.  The County Juvenile Home was not equipped for this kind of care.  Tommy Lee facing confinement with his emotional state and paranoia, set events in motion when he forced Jake Lake to help him escape. When confronted by the guard’s stun gun, Tommy Lee reacted in the only way he his emotions allowed him to act. Striking at the guard, has he would have done to prevent his Father from beating him, the same automatic response when the store owner attacked him with the bat.  Jake was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.  
***
After the boys rousing rough housing, they quieted down planning the next stage of getting everything together before tomorrow.  First call Grandfather Tom and let him know the camping trip was on for tomorrow. Second let Terri know they still needed her to drive them out to the farm. Third but not the least get there camping clothes packed in their backpacks, their communications packed. Food packed and ready.  Their Hiking boots handy for first thing in the morning to slip on.
 Denny reminded them, “do not forget the special First Aid kits Dr. Mom put up with my medication with a two-week supply, just in case. Other over the counter medications too.  It has an Auto Injector pen in case of bee’s stings, or severe allergies. Rash cream, and snake bit kit, and spider bite kit that covers any know poisonous critter we might come across. Though doubtful in this area.” Denny said.
“You Got that right Denny boy.” Charley, agreed.
The boys listed everything they could think of that they may have forgotten. That list was very short.  Most everything not perishable had been already packed away in backpacks, knapsacks, the like, small and portable boxes. What wasn’t packed they pack tonight.  Grandfather assured Jimmy that he had the earlier delivery of the larger items, in storage at the Farmhouse under lock and key.  Wouldn’t take long transport it with the Farm Quad to the campsite. 
Later that afternoon after a firm yes from Terri his Sister.  Giving the events of the last week or so, she agreed to swap her week of with his, and go to Susy after that. The Wilks agreed that would work out has they had also delayed their plans.  Mr. Wilks was driving back and forth from the lake to open the library for the two weeks they would be at the lake.  Susy could stay was Terri, this week at the Inn, then come out the following week to the lake.  With that settled Jimmy called his Grandfather said it was on for tomorrow morning by 10 a.m. at the farm tomorrow rain or shine; Terri would be dropping them off. The boys rechecked their own backpacks, and other items they were bringing.  While at the boat house the twins would check the community stuff that they would add to their own stuff.  They checked everything Twice, and if not Thrice, then brought everything together to the Garage where Terri would pick them up.  
They had there last overnight in captivity for the boys at the boat house, before they would go Wild and Woolley as Aunt Nellie described her adventures as a young girl and young adult. She told the boys once that Woolley meant confused, vague, hazed, and woolly-minded, wool on the brains.  Which described her attitude about danger, and common sense on those Wild and Woolley days of her youth to the disapproving stares of her Father, and family.  When she reached her majority age, she gained control of her Grandfather’s share of his estate and later her Father’s share of his estate, which his had tripled in smart investments in Europe and abroad of his share of his Father’s estate. Then her half-brother’s estate when he died.  
While some of her siblings did not do so well, except her half-brother and his son, Dr. Grady McKelly M.D. General Practitioner. Who later, his daughter Dr. Sersha Capp inherited after he died, now known as the McKelly Capp Clinic? Dr Mom was hoping that one day the twins would take up doctoring and they could call it the McKelly, Capp, Capp, and Capp clinic or MCCCC Clinic.  Right now, it was just known as the Clinic.  Where Dr. Grady Capp used his inheritance from his Father to build the McKelly Clinic, and small hospital, where several fields of medical professions where housed serving a greater portion of the county. With three inheritances Aunt Nellie was doing just find today.  
 The Sheriff, Dr. Mom and Aunt Nellie agreed that officially as of tonight the boys were out camping, and on their own.  No Adult supervision allowed unless the neighbors complained; then as Sheriff he would have to arrest them for disturbing the peace. That night the boys actually fell asleep by 11:00 p.m., can you believe it, I would. 
***
Morning came with a whimper, as whimpers go, it was a sob of moisture, then a steady drizzle of rain, then a roar of giants bowling in the heavens. Then strong winds pushed their way through, tossing the dark clouds from side to side. Then tickling them until they moved across town.  By 7:30 a.m., as the boys watched from the boat house the morning sun made its shy appearance.  Then seeing the storm clouds running away, its bright warm smile melted off the last of the rain off the tree’s and lawns.  The boys gave a cheer of Hallelujah, jumping and embracing each other. Moments later the Sheriff appeared with a tray of fresh donuts, and Orange Juice for the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.  
The boys downed two donuts each and a full glass of Orange juice reviving their drowsing heads.  With renewed energy. They cleared the Boat house of their bedding and mats, hanging the blanket up to air and dry the morning dew of them. The mats they returned to the inner Boat house well to stack them in their usual place.  With that done they rushed to the house, to the boy’s bedrooms where they had stored the Backpacks. It sounded like a lot but with Five boys taking possession of their own items, it did not seem like a lot.  In single file they marched with their backpacks to the driveway, stacked them up as neatly as they could to represent the space in the back of Mrs. Walkers Ranger. Added what was in the Garage, then went to the kitchen pantry where they had the food supply in a large cooler. And a medium sized one where they were busy loading their frozen meats, hot dogs, bacon, sliced harm, and a box of hamburger patties. Enough for seven days to feed 5 hungry kids. There other supplies included Marshmallows to roast, chips, crackers, canned stew, Baked beans, and assorted can goods of vegetables.  
Grandfather Tom was providing fresh eggs from the rockery, water, and a few surprises. He said the boys had to live off the land to provide other foods, Fish from the river, Mushrooms, Wild berries, and Nuts, which could be found in the woods. He figured the boys would ration or starve.  Be sensible and practical, or come begging at the Farmhouse for food.  The boys had a list of what meals they would prepare each day with the supplies they had. Dr. Mom told them to take the Gummy bear vitamins she provided to supplement their diet. You might think that these boys would want to really live of the land, hunt for rabbit, small game, and fowl, but lets me realistic this is the 21 first century.  Dr. Mom did not trust the boys with a knife or a gun or rely on a snare to catch their meals. So, she made a list up of basic camp foods, any boy would enjoy.  Aunt Nellie shared some basic on the Trail menus that would be easy and nutritious with the supplies they had. Any mishap with their food supply, they were told to break camp and return to the farmhouse. Any injuries or sickness return to the Farmhouse.  Any threaten storms outside of summer rain, return to the Farmhouse.  Any bear attacks run for the hills; Dr. Mom joked. Knowing a bear or a Mountain Lion had not been seen  in these area in two decades.  
Grandfather Tom made a thorough survey of the woods looking for any signs of wild animals that could harm the boys if happened upon. None where seen in 3 square miles of the old woods. A good portion of the woods Jimmy owned, and the land Grandfather owned. Outside of the Human factor the boys would be safe, and as they were sensible and sane boys, they would not take any unnecessary risks. 
***
By the time Terri arrived the driveway was neatly set up as a staging area. With list in hand, Jimmy checked off each item that went into the Ranger. With nothing missed the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club loaded themselves into the Ranger, Jimmy, and Rodger in the front seat with Terri, the twins and Denny in the back seat.  With room to spare, Terri made good time out to the farm where she met her Grandfather on the farm lane, waiting for her. Rolling down the window he instructed Terri to drive on down to the riverbank from here, there the boys could load there gear out of the Ranger where the Farm Quad with a small trailer attached was waiting. He told  the boys to load their gear into the Quad, then take the quad to the campsite. Follow the marked trail to its end and there was the campsite, already set up with their other gear transported weeks ago up the river by the Sheriff.  From this point on the boys were on their own when on the seventh day when they broke camp packing all their gears. The tents, everything going back to Grand Apply Valley Junction, hauling it by Quad back to the Farmhouse. It might take 2 or three trips then.  The rest of the camp he would take care off.  He said goodbye and good luck to the boys.
Thirty minutes later, Terr was returning home, and the boys were on their own, resisting the urge to holler and dance in glee, Charley started up the quad and headed up the marked trail into the woods.  Less than a mile later they  arrived where they found a neat camp set up, rustic but suitable.   Their earlier bulky gear, tents and other supplies where stacked in the Lean-to.  The water tanks was filled earlier that morning by Grandfather Tom, and the large ice chest filled with bags of ice. Living the gear in the trailer, taking the list Grandfather left in the Quad they sorted out the Lean-to separating each box and item.  Identified them and knew what to do with them.  
First find the toolbox and assign chores, see list, and set the tents up on the wooden platforms, put sleeping bags etc. inside tents. Number one rule shelter first.  Second set up the firepit with the spit, grill, and utensils, pots and pans hanging on the spit, the kitchen. Wood supply was behind the Lean-to, number three rule, kitchen.  Third find the pre-dug trash pit follow the included map.  Four, already dug, the sewer/waste pit covered with a wooden cap (deck), find the round plug in the  center.   Take the plug out and insert the portable toilet unit with tank and seat into the hole, see instructions, lock pens down. Then set up the canvas privacy screen around the wooden cap, rope and stake it down.  Lean-to should be clear of it supplies except ice chest with ice, extra Gas cans for Lanterns. Five, Unload trailer of personal items to their owners’ tent,  secure personal property.  Six, restock Lean-too with food supplies, coolers, rule 7, organize pantry in order of need, first day, day two, third day and so forth what meals you are fixing. So, you know your inventory. 8, gas up your lanterns hang them on the poles already in the ground, four poles S. N. W. E. around fire pit. If you do not lag and play you should be done by Noon, take break eat cold lunch. 
Recheck list, make sure no missed chores.  Make beds up, neaten tents up.  Find the 4 fire cans with sand from behind the woodpile.  Place them at lantern Poles. Take the two large plastic buckets located below water tower, with them with water from Rainbow stream, 150 feet west of camp, see map for trail. Stream Water is for washing dishes etc. dump every morning, refill every morning, use Water tank drinking water only.  Stream suitable for bathing downstream only, Swimming Hole, end of trail, fishing upstream.  Stream leads down to river eventually, explore. Last map in packet is a map of old trails, small animal trails, explore keep map always with you, stay in a group at all times when exploring. Small box under quad front seat, 5 compasses use at all times. In Toolbox of quad behind back seat, has other tools for quad, and a serviceable flare gun with Sixth flares. Emergency use only to alert me, directions included. Best use near edge of woods toward Farmhouse. Point over pasture for fire safety. But take risk if you must in woods. Height range is 250 feet in good weather. Visibility 5 miles fair weather in Day, at night 8 miles.  Not a toy but can be used as weapon to fend off large animals or intruders threating camp or group. Think twice before using it for this purpose. I understand you have personal two-way radios; I have a match Denny supplied. Use channel 2 only for me, channel 1 between group when out exploring.  Open Blue packet under back seat after evening meal only, do not cheat. Have fun boys.
***
By dinner time the campsite was ready for use, Grandfather’s Tom’s instructions followed to the letter. Except the blue packet.  Charley had kitchen duty the first night. Taking out the first night supplies, he was challenged to put a meal together, but managed to put together a meal the boys liked. After dishes where clean. The boys sat around the fire pit on the stumps Grandfather provider for the boys to sit on. One of the extra’s chores Denny brought with him was his campground alarm system similar to the one at the river flat fence line around the Boat house.  He had installed strong a wire line around the perimeter of the campground, bringing plenty of wire with him.  It was strung on one-foot-tall metal spikes on the ground.  Six feet apart with an extra spike at the compass corners. It completed the circuit which lead into an alarm box with a powerful and sensitive solar panel attached for power with a backup battery.  The perimeter wire was just within any brush or foliage that would touch the wire. Any one in contact with the ground barefoot or wearing shoes, when touched by a leg, arm hand, foot would set the alarm off, the wire was sensitive enough to sense a grounded object or body within 3 feet above the wire.  So, someone stepping over the wire would set the alarm off. A small animal would not have a big enough grounded body mass to trigger the alarm touching it or passing over or under the wire.  The system had a remote trigger to set and turn off alarm system.  The boys could disarm to step over when coming and leaving perimeter and reset it. The camp site had a large enough clearance clear of upper tree branches to feed the solar panel every day, with a 12-hour charge in the rechargeable battery.  
The unique sensitivity was monitor by a computer chip program to sense body mass and determining if the intruder was a threat.  A bird or butterfly landing it would not trigger the alarm or a twig or branch falling on it, unless linked to a larger mass. It was the radio frequency flowing through the wire that was the brains of the system and the computer chip.  It literally set up an invisible electronic fence.  That rose 4 feet about the ground.  Once installed Denny tested the alarm with its speaker off. Only a red L.E.D. would blink in the silent mode indicating a trigger.  Green L.E.D. showing on, and Yellow L.E.D. standby to exit and leave with a preset time limit before it would reset automatically.  Which made it easy for the boys to leave and enter without a full shut down or forgetting to turn it back on.  With the system working fine, Denny join the others at the firepit. The pole lanterns lite, Jimmy opened the blue packet contents.  It was a treasure Map.
***
Jimmy read the letter attached to it.  It was from Grandfather Tom.  He explained that he had set up an adventure for the boys.  There was a treasure in the woods and the map was the guide to find it.  They must follow the steps exactly, using compass and solving riddles. Each time the boys got a re-supply of lantern gas a new clue will be given leading you to a puzzle to be solved.  A total of 4 clues and four puzzles to solve. The last puzzle will lead you to the treasure on the sixth day. only if all puzzles are solved correctly. Between clues its free time to explore and enjoy your camp out. No clue hunting at night not safe get lost in the woods.  Pace yourself.


Chapter 13
A Ghost in the Night


The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club sat there on their logs, the fire in the pit flickering, sparks snapping. Roy added another log to the fire, to brighten the gloom of the early night.  The lanterns did little to lift that gloom. Jimmy opened a second sealed envelope found in the Blue packet, the First Clue to finding the first puzzle. He read aloud to the others.  They sat there listening intently. 
“Clue #1, boys, will lead you to your first puzzle to solve. First Step one, bank the fire add no more wood, Turn off all Lanterns except the center pole Lantern, lower that down. Use no flashlights please.   Do not worry, your eyes will adjust, and amazing things will appear in the night around you as you can see clearly in the night. It is not as dark as you think, as long as you do not stare into Bright lights. Now set on your logs until your eyes adjust to the night.  The stars will be out tonight.  Be quiet not even a whisper. Listen to the night sounds, try to sort them out in your mind. Later you can discuss what you heard before you go to bed. Now, when you can see clearly look around you try to identify in your mind what you see and hear. There you will find your puzzle. When you find it, you will know what to do.  Remember listen, watch, and think to yourself. 
Your puzzle will ask you two questions.  Sleep on them, and in the morning after breakfast, discuss them, compare your findings, and match them to the two questions you have found.  Good luck Grandfather Tom. P.S. Jimmy, I set this treasure hunt up with your Father when he was your age, camping out in the woods with his friends who where: Teddy Sikes, Douglas Lakes, Sean Treewaller, and Andrew Capp. The original Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.”
“Wow”, said Charley, “The Sheriff never told us he knew your Father, Jimmy.”
“He was a Grand Apple Valley Adventure club member, just like us.” Roy explained surprised. 
Roger spoke up, “Gee, I wonder why he didn’t tell us about being in the  Grand Apple Valley Adventure club Jimmy?”
“I guess we will have to ask him when we get back to town. This is the first time Grandfather Tom has mentioned it to me. He always talked about my Father when he was a kid my age camping out at this very campsite. But never mention the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club or the name of his Friends.” Jimmy spoke.
Denny asked, “What are those names, again Jimmy”
Jimmy read over the names again. Teddys Sikes, Douglas Lake, Sean Treewaller, and Andrew Capp.”
“Well, Andrew Capp we know,” Charley stated, Teddy Sikes I believe is Billy Sikes Father, “Douglas Lake is Jake Lakes, dads youngest first Cousin. I am not familiar with Sean Treewaller.” Charley said.
Jimmy knew, “Sean Treewaller is my Mother’s only brother, Uncle Sean and my dad where close friends, that’s how he met my Mother and fell in love with her. She was a year younger than her brother. Uncle Sean moved out to Texas with my Aunt and Two cousins before I was born.  Haven’t seen him since my Father died.”  My Grandparents the Treewallers, after my Grandfather retired moved to Florida many years ago. They originally owed the inn when it was named “The Two Rivers Inn”, my Dad bought it from them.  After Dad died Mother renamed it Walkers Inn, Dad so loved the Inn.” Jimmy voice faded. 
“If Billy Sikes dad was a Grand Apple Valley Adventure club member, how did Billy Sikes turn out to be such a jerk? Asked Roy.
“I wonder if Douglas Lakes, stayed in town, if Jake Lake would have been less a jerk too.” Denny asked. 
“Those are two questions only the goddess of Fate could answer and speaking of two questions” Charley didn’t get a chance to finish as he jumped up off his log, spooked when a large bird glided over his head.  Landed up in the tree’s then they heard a “Who, who” it was a Horned Owl.
Well, that Owl should have said, “Don’t Know, Don’t Know Charley boy”, Roy joked. Charley threw a roasted marshmallow he had in his hands at Roy. He ducked just in time. Denny caught it out of the air as it flew by Roy’s head, then popped it his mouth.
“Thanks Charley, I had my eyes on that marshmallow.”
The boys sat there for a moment quiet, before realizing Denny pulled a double play on that pun.
“Get it,” Jimmy said, Denny was eyeing that mallow long before Charley threw it, then caught it right out of the air as it flew by Roy’s ear.  Now that’s for Fate.”
The boys chuckled in the quiet night, their laughter echoing through the tree’s.  The fire was dying down. Charley went to reach for another log when Jimmy said wait. “Grandfather said to bank the fire to let it die down, then turn off all Lanterns except one, lower that light. Wait and let our eyes adjust to the night then look around us and we will find that puzzle.” They did just that,  sat on their logs, waiting.
Denny was the first to speak up, “Hey, I can see the outline of the tree’s around us, even see how the star light reflects off the leave as they rustle in the breeze.” I can too said Roy.  One by one the boys each described what they were seeing in the night around them. Charley said he spotted that darn Owl, over there by the large tree standing behind the Lean-to. He could see his yellow eyes blinking, its spooky he said. Roger thought he saw a bat flutter among the trees. Then Denny whispered over there by the trail leading to Rainbow stream, their floating in the air just above the grown, a moon moth, its wings glowing in the night. Roy said look up, the stars are so huge and bright, I have never seen so many. Then a shooting star fell from the night sky. Roger said look south of us, in the sky, theirs a tiny bright light that is moving slowly across the sky.  I hear that they are large satellites circling the globe endlessly day in and night out.  Denny pointed to the big Dipper, then found the other constellations: It was wonderful here at night.  In town the city lights blocked out the sky at night. Then the boys remembered to be quiet and listen to the night sounds. What seemed forever, Jimmy spoke up.
“I can hear the stream from here, the water gurgling over the rocks in the stream as if it’s just in arms reach.  The Crickets are so loud here, wait, can you hear it, the tree frogs croaking in their little voices. There by the stream I hear a bull frog croaking in its deep throated voice. At the Boat house, the ambient sounds of the neighborhood even late at night muted the night sounds from the river Flats. Out here the ambient sounds are the sounds of nature loud and clear. No car traffic, radios, or singing electric wires. It’s as if our ears have become amplified giant microphones picking up even the stars singing a lullaby to send Mother earth to sleep.” Jimmy had stepped into his poetic mode. But the boys listened and agreed.
Then Denny spotted something glowing on a nearby tree just outside the perimeter fence. Taking the remote out of his pocket he turned the fence off. Stepping over the wire, he took a closer look, at first, he thought it was some kind of moss that would glow in the night.  But as he looked closer, he saw an Arrow on the bark pointing up the tree.  Looking up he saw an old bird house just barely in reach. The other boys had watched Denny as he traveled over to the tree. Denny turned around waved the boys to come over. As they approached Denny, they carefully stepped over the wire, Denny showed them the glowing Arrow, and what it was pointing at.
On the bottom of the bird house was a glowing “X”, as if to mark the spot. It was out of reach for Roger the tallest in the group, so Charley the lightest, crawled up Rogers back up to his shoulders where he could reach the bird house. He noticed the birdhouse had a hinged door on it, just wide enough for him to put his hand in when he opened the door. He reached in and pulled out a small, tanned hide rolled up and tied by a string. Closing the little door, he climbed down off Rogers back with help from Jimmy.  Crossing back over the fence and Denny rearming the alarm. The boys joined Charley at the small picnic table Grandfather Tom had made. Roger had grabbed the center pole light and placed on the table and turned the lantern gas up. Charley had enough light to untie the string and unroll the hide. Glued to the  inner side of the hide was a letter.  Their first puzzle written in Grandfather Tom’s hand. Charley handed it over to Jimmy to read.
Jimmy read the note.  “If you are reading this, then you have had the most amazing adventure yet discovering the sights and sounds of the woods. Know this, a time may come when you will need those sharpened senses at a time most needed. As you grow up to manhood, never lose those senses they will guide you well.  I know the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club has already experienced much this summer.  They have shown me their mettle and their bravery in adversity. Roger, you have been brave in rescuing Denny, never once thinking of yourself or hesitating when you knew action was needed.  Denny, your bravery was knowing what to do, to safe your own life, when you rationed your medication.  You did not panic, rationalized your chances, and improved them. That too is a good quality in life. Dear Twins, your loyalty to the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club is outstanding, your love for family, friends and fellow mankind is outstanding as well. All good qualities in life. Do not ever let the seed of doubt, and hatred rob you of that quality.   
Jimmy, your Father learned much the same from these woods, so did his Grand Apple Valley Adventure club. It prepared them for their life ahead. Know this, take nothing for granted.  Your Grand Apple Valley Adventure club will eventually in time travel down different roads go on to different colleges, different jobs, and if you are lucky they will return to the woods to remember the adventures they had as the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.  As fate would have it, and I assure you it is not fickle. I believe our course in life is preset, so do not resist that course. I realized that your Father’s course was the Inn with your Mother.   I have no regrets. Nor is the sheep farming for you. When it is my time to go, I will leave you the farm. For you to turn it into a campground if you wish, for future Grand Apple Valley Adventure clubs around the country, to have their own amazing adventures.  
For now, your adventures are just beginning you have a treasure to find. Here is your clues to lead you to your next puzzle. Remember what you heard in the night, search those memories for that which is near and soothing, that will never end always running beneath your feet. Search there for something hidden in plain sight. Half in half out. It will reveal you next puzzle. Sleep on your answer. Now get to bed and do not let the bed bugs bite, okay maybe not bed bugs. Seriously, those skitters can be just as worse. Good night boys.” The letter ended. 
Charley yawning and slapping a skitter, on his face spoke up. “Grandfather Tom’s, right, I am ready for bed, and these skitters are multiplying around this light.
Roger stood and replaced the lantern to the center post. Each boy returned to their respective tents, too large for a pup tent, designed for 3 to give them room for gear and comfort. Set up on a platform six inches about the ground it offered protection from the rain and kept the Tent floor dry.  Each tent had a foam mat under the sleeping bag so the boards of the platform would not bother a good night sleep. As each boy ready themselves sorting out things.  Arranging this and that in their tents. Jimmy with his flashlight made the first trip for the night to the outdoor John, you could hear him shout, “Hey this seat is cold.”
 Charley spoke up, “That’s okay, you can warm it up for us.” The other boys laughed. Roy was the last to take care of his business. As the boys settled in their tents. Roy shouted out. “Goodnight John boy, and down the line of tents, you could hear, “Goodnight John boy, Good night John Boy, Goodnight John Boy, Goodnight John boy.” Then the camp Owl hooted. They all shouted,” Goodnight John boy”. Not a mouse was steering in the night, that darn Owl had eaten it.
***
The boys tried sleeping in, but like the night sounds of the nature, the sounds of the sunrise, was just as loud with Yellow Belly Sapsuckers warbling, a Woodpecker knocking on his door. Blue Jays fighting over their territories. A bunch of squirrels chattering and fighting over something in the trees above them. One by one each awoke, stretching limbs and arching their backs. Eventually crawling out their tents to visit the necessity, relieving their bladders.  It was Rogers morning to start breakfast. First he stoked the remaining hot coals in the fire, taking the smallest limbs and logs from the wood pile, he fed the fire, until he had the right volume of heat to cook eggs and bacon on the pit grill where he placed his frying pan. The bacon first its fats sizzling in the pan. In another he started eggs with just a drop or two of oil, to keep the eggs, from stinking. Covering them he set the pan aside at the age of the pit grill so as not to burn them.  From the ice chest he pulled out 5 small plastic bottles of Orange juice set them on the table.  Brought out paper plates, plastic knives, and forks, arranged them on the table. Then returned to check his eggs and bacon. Meanwhile Jimmy and Roger went to the stream to refill the water buckets and returning to camp.  Denny check his electronic fence to see if there were any issues that needed his attention.  The twins capped off the lanterns with gas and restocked the small wood pile at the fire pit.  By the time, these chores where done, breakfast was ready on the table. Roger had added cinnamon rolls, he had heated up on the grill.  
At the table he reminded Denny to take his pill, which he did with a drink of juice. Roger then passed around a Gummy Bear vitamin to the boys and himself. Keeping in mind Mr. Mom’s instructions. After thanking Roger for the meal, they dug in like savages, Wild and Woolley, in no time the morning repast was done. Each boy disposed of their paper plates in the trash pit. Washing out the plasticware. Roger, scrubbed the two frying pans, hung them on the hooks on the spit over the fire pit to dry. Letting the small fire bank down. Then wiping down the table, he called breakfast was done. Two last chores to do, tidy their tents, make sure the screened vents were open, the front flaps where tired together to keep critters and bugs out.  It was going to be a find day.  The last chore was the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club meeting of the day, which met at the table. 
Jimmy had brought out the rolled hide from the old birdhouse reread the last clue to the boys.  “Remember what you heard in the night, for that which is near and soothing, that will never end always running beneath your feet. Search there for something hidden in plain sight. Half in half out.  It will reveal you next puzzle.”  Jimmy  asked the boys what they thought was the answer to the puzzle. When no one came up with  an answer, Jimmy suggested they review what they had shared about those night sounds. 
Denny, the techno wiz that he was, brought his tablet with him. Adapted it to  use a portable solar panel to keep it recharged. Regrettably, no Wi Fi out here at the farm. With Jimmy’s encyclopedia knowledge, Denny’s techno wizardry, the twin’s knowledge of miscellanea and trivia, and Roger’s keen intellect in general who needed the World Wide Web. With Denny on the tablet, they started listing the sounds they heard. After an hour of reviewing, they had an extensive list. They reviewed that list crossing off anything that was to remote to fit the puzzle. The remaining listed items where scrutinized again. Until they were at a loss. The narrow down list had nothing that fit the puzzle, they thought. So, with desperation they started over with their review when Denny suggest instead of random memories tossed into the basket as he put it, let us try, and recall who first spoke up with what they had heard.  Putting the memories in chronological order. Then compare this new list with the old list and see where we missed something. Well after another hour they had their two list. 
Counting the numbers of memories, the first list had 25, while the new list had 27.  Looking at the two that where new they ruled one out as being an altered version of an original memory. There in black and white, or rather on the tablet screen was the missing clue to finding the next puzzle. Jimmy’s first memory: “I can hear the stream from here, the water gurgling over the rocks in the stream as if it’s just in arms reach.”
Denny deciphered the memory for the boys, “Jimmy’s memory is “I can hear the stream from here” and ends in “if it’s just in arms reach.”  A sound that is near. The middle part of his memory is “The water gurgling over the rocks.” Can mean a soothing sound, the flow of water that will never end. When you are standing in the stream its always running under your feet. The last clue in Jimmy memory is, the rock, It’s something in plain sight, half in and half out.” Denny let his decipher set in.
Charley jumped up and shouted. “Sherlock Holmes has done it again.” The boys patted Denny on the back congratulating him for a job well done. They gathered up their meetings things and put them away. They secured the campsite, putting any loose item in the Lean-to, then flipping the gate down that swung from the top locking the gate. This would keep raccoons out and trespassers. That may be one of those contradictions in terms. Raccoons are trespassers as any rural homeowner would know. With the camp secured, and various gadgets, radios, a folding camp shovel, snacks packed away in their backpacks, and who knows what Denny had in his backpack. Jimmy had the flare gun in his. 
The boys set the invisible alarm fence to standby, then one by one in a line stepped over it. Then waited until they heard a reset beep indicating it was active.  There was one other feature on the alarm Denny reveal to the boys at that time. Being that a radio frequency was used in its design, a second frequency was built into the alarm system, in the same channel the boys where using for their personal channel. If the alarm were trigger while they were away from the camp they would be alerted, as long as they were in range. Charley looked at Denny, “Now there is a true genius, any chance you have a portable transmat pad, to beam us back to camp after a long day’s hike in the woods.” Charley, joked.
“Sorry Charley, the sheriff said no transmat mats, and made me leave it at home.  He was afraid I might scatter his twins all over the woods, lost forever in limbo.” Denny said as he walked past Charley, who stood there until he realized Denny was joking, at least he hoped Denny was joking.  He caught up with the boys.  It did not take them long to reach Rainbow stream. 
Jimmy took a hard look up and down the stream as far as he could see. Some area’s in the stream were calm waters, in others rushing water over rapids, where rocks where sticking out. The stream was about 20 feet across from bank to bank.  Grandfather said this was a good area for swimming about 5 feet deep at most. Downstream was shallower, with rocks and rapids. Where the water flow was fast, but not dangerous, a good place to wash up in, do laundry in; as the rushing waters would disperse any biodegradable detergent.  Upstream past the swimming hole, was good for fishing for Sunfish, Rainbow trout. As the water was shallower, but not as fast.  An idyllic spot.  
Jimmy told the boys, “the best spot to look for a half in half out rock is downstream, where the stream narrows creating rapids. It not a swift rapid, but gentle soothing flow over rocks.  Hence. A soothing sound heard near. In the night that sound would travel far into our camp. That was what I heard.”
Leading the boys, they traveled downstream about 200 feet until they spotted several likely areas to search in the water.  Jimmy told the boys to fan out along the bank to look for rocks that where half in and half, or as near that description. Dismiss rocks near or below water.  Giving Denny the treasure map, told him to mark down where the where the rocks sighted where on the stream on the Map.  The map was very accurate showing where the stream narrowed here, the swimming hole and upstream.  It did not take long for 4 rocks to be spotted that best fit the description. The twins, Jimmy, and Roger took off their backpacks, with their pant legs rolled up, boots, and socks off, waded to each rock. Jimmy warned them about slippering rocks to watch their footed.  
Sure, enough Roy was the first to slip and land on his rump in the shallow water up to his hips. The boys teased him for being a such a dufus.  He snapped back. “I stepped on a Jelly fish, it moved and tripped me.” 
Denny from the shore shouted.  “Roy there are no Jelly fish in freshwater streams you clumsy dufus. Times a wasting, tackle that rock or sit there until the stream freezes.”  All in good humor.  Roy threaten to put a frog in Denny’s sleeping bag tonight. Got up and tackled that rock.  By this time, Charley gave a cheer, he had the right rock with an arrow painted on it. Roy, Jimmy, and Roger waded over to Charley. Sure, enough there was a black arrow painted on the top of the rock.  It was pointed in the direction where Denny was standing on the bank. Jimmy yelled to Denny do not move.  The boys in the water raced back to the bank over to Denny. He stood there with the map in his hands, he had just marked the spot in the river of where that rock was Charley found. 
Jimmy turned Denny’ back to the rock, lined him up in front of the rock with the arrow was pointing at the shore. Told him to stand for now. Then instructed the boys to put on their, socks and boots,  backpacks and makes sure they left nothing behind.  Jimmy, behind Denny guided the boy into the woods at that point. There was low lying brush among the trees at first then it cleared as the boys walked into the wood following Denny as Jimmy guided him in. Jimmy told Denny to stop and do not move.  He asked the other boys to line up, side by side of Denny, two arm length from each other he then joined Roger on the right side of the line. Then told Denny to focus on a straight line ahead of him.  Then instructed the boys to slowly walk ahead, keeping the same distance apart. As they walked to search the ground in front of them, then asked the  boys to also check to their right or left. Which each alternate step to search ahead of them, if they came to a tree they would stop and inspect it while staying in formation, if they found no clue, then to sidestep it.  Then get back in formation on the other side of the tree.  He told the boys he believed that because there was a rock in the stream with an arrow.  It was possible they would find a rock on the ground with an “X”, if not a rock a tree marked with an “X” or something marked with an “X”.  They would take even and measured steps forward. Until they could no longer move ahead. Twenty minutes later Roy spotted a rock half buried in the ground, at his feet. On it was a “X”.   
They gather around Roy, looking at a half-buried rock about the size of a soccer ball. It was obvious the rock had been recently dug up then replaced. Roger getting his folded shovel out unfolded it and locked the fold in place. He then proceed to wedge the rock out of the ground it was not heavy, made of a porous sandstone.  Once he had the rock out of the ground, he dug a few inches in until his shovel clinked against metal. Digging around the buried object he dug up an old metal bread box that was tapped shut with duct tape around the rim of the lid. Jimmy handed him a knife from his utility belt. Cutting around the seam, he managed to free the lid.  Opening it, he pulled out another hide rolled up, handed it to Jimmy. 
Jimmy decided it would be best to return back to camp to read it.  Restaging their line, this time facing back the way they came they used the rock behind them to guide them back to the stream. They had returned it to the hole upside down to hide the “X”.  Again, Denny focused on a straight line ahead and they walked back out of the woods back to the very spot they enter it at the stream.  Facing the marker in the water. Took a right turn from their and soon found their way back to the swimming hole and  the trail back to camp.
On the way back Denny asked Jimmy why they did not use their compasses to find their way back. He explained. In their excitement, they forgot to check their compasses to mark their position on the map at camp, nor at the stream or the position when they found the breadbox. If they had they would have had three reference points. Where they stood in the woods at the rocked marked “X” they could use the position of the camp, and the position of the stream where they found the arrow marker in the water. On their map they had also marked the position of each places they found an arrow or a “X”  They could draw a line from the camp to the stream where the arrow was found, then from there to the rock in the woods, from there back to basecamp.  It would be a triangle.  From the Stream mark and the rock in the woods, they could on their map mark a halfway point between these two references. From that point, a line to the camp and followed that line to the camp. Jimmy explained they  could have walked through the woods back to camp in as much a straight line as possible using their compass to guide them. Example, if they  had marked the map at  basecamp the degree’s east, west, north, or south of Rainbow stream. Knowing where the basecamp was on the map and the stream with the compass coordinates a person could find their way back to camp using the compass.
Creating a triangle  called Triangulation.  You can even use the stars much the same way if you don’t have a map or a compass, by knowing what you saw above at the basecamp and where you were from here.  The stars have fixed positions much like a compass when you consider where each constellation is. Many adults lost in the woods often panic, forget to mentally mark landmarks so get turned around retracing steps.  Knowing how to use a map, a compass, memory, and the stars is important for any person camping out and hiking in unfamiliar grounds. We may not be adults, and that is not in our favor as children lost in the woods have a tougher job finding their way home without these skills.”  Denny asked Jimmy where he learned this from.
Jimmy said his Grandfather, and he told my Father. 
***
The boys reached camp just after their watches told them is was 12:35 p.m.  Putting the fence on standby they enter the camp and reset the alarm.   Jimmy took the breadbox and stuck it his tent until after lunch.  Denny had that duty for lunch today.  Unlocking the Lean-to Denny gather the cold lunch meats and bread, condiments, chips, and got out a jar of dill pickles. Roger tended the fire pit putting in a few small logs, to keep it primed with hot coals for the evening meal. With ice from the cooler, Denny made up a gallon jar of lemonade from a powder mix.  Charley set the table. Roy and Denny did a perimeter check, then checked the quad outside the perimeter.   Everything was in order.  In no time lunched was served and cleaned up.  
As the noon heat was building up. Roger suggested that why not take a swim. Though they brought cut off’s, to swim in, the boys took a conference and decided regardless of the time of day they would go skinny dipping, though not strip here in the camp. Instead dressed in their cut off’s, then dressed in deck shoes and went shirtless with their towels wrapped around their shoulders.   These boys where not strangers to an occasional skinny dipping, even their parents approved, only during very early morning hours and late night at the river, under the dock lights. Not to make it ordinary practice as the Sheriff would say, “Boys will be Boys”.  Securing the camp, they headed to the swimming hole at the stream.  Five minutes later they were testing the waters with their toes, finding it comfortable. They stripped and waded in to test the unfamiliar waters, finding the streambed sanding mixed with smooth water worn gravel.  With no thought to peeping neighbors, except animals in the woods, they spent an hour in the water, until they looked like prunes.
On the bank they wiped themselves dry, redressed then lounged on their towels for a while. They were dosing off when their radios screeched at them.  Denny was the first to realize what it meant. He raced up to the camp, the other boys stopping long enough to gather all the towels.  When they arrived, Denny had turned the alarm off, and was inspecting the fence.  Jimmy checked the tents, Charley the Quad, and Roy the portal john just in case someone was hiding out.  Denny asked Roger to take a section and inspect it. Eventually, Roger found the problem at the woodpile were the fence line ran close to the woodpile.  He discovered the woodpile had shifted and rolled over the wire.  Enough mass to set the alarm off. With help from Roy they righted things and adjusted the woodpile to prevent future shifting. Denny inspected the line there and found it still intake.  Reset the alarm. 
Back at the table they were relieved to find no human invaders, nor an angry raccoon setting on the toilet. That was Roy’s fears, taking a late-night pee and finding a raccoon attacking his groin.  Which his twin started laughing at the image of Roy running through the woods screaming with a raccoon holding on to his fly by the teeth.  Roy retorted back.  “Well at least he has good taste,” which started a whole new round of laughter. When they relaxed and settled down, Jimmy brought out the breadbox to the table, removing the rolled hide out, he found a sheet of paper attached like the previous one, written in his Grandfathers hands.  He read it to the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.
“Hello, Jimmy, of course you are reading this. As promised, I will be dropping off another clue for the next day of treasure hunting. The clue written here is part one, which you have to sort out until tomorrow morning when you get part Two. First, I want you to relate to the boys a story, one I told you remember, it is about the time your Father spent his first time alone in the woods, with only the bare essentials, a fishing line, hooks, knife, hatchet, sleeping bag..  He was 16, he had 48 hours to survive off the land. I told him it was a rite of passage for male Walkers in the family since my Grandfather was a teen.  Of course, things in my Grandfather’s day was a bit wilder, actually a whole lot wilder. Tell the story before bedtime for the full effect.  It is what they call setting up the mood of the next scene.  When the morning arrives, make sure that you have your lanterns topped off with gas, and return empty gas cans to the Quad, when you come to pick up the new cans by 8 a.m. I will have left you a new cooler of ice. Need not return the other until later. Part Two, of your clues, will have questions about your story and where to find the next puzzle. Weather report predictions, Hot, sunny, and dry for rest of week.  Until next time.  Love Grandfather Tom.”
For the rest of the afternoon, the boys just relaxed around the campsite.  Playing cards at the table, Gin Rummy, until Charley won the game.  Jimmy spent some time alone in his tent thinking about the story his Grandfather wanted him to tell the boys before bedtime.  He reviewed his memory of when his Grandfather told him the first time after his Father died.  Grandfather, sharing memories of his son to his grandson.  In later years, Grandfather would ask Jimmy if he ever told him the story about his Father who once spent 3 days and two nights in the woods alone when he was 16 years old.  Jimmy of course would say no, then his Grandfather would tell the story again as if for the first time.  The story varied little in the retelling.  Of course, he was telling the story as his son had told it to him for the first time after his adventure in the woods.  Jimmy new it by heart, but it’s been a while since Grandfather had asked the boy if he ever told the story of how his son, was treed by Bear and the events that led up to being treed by that Bear.  Jimmy concentrated on some of the highlights, sorting out that which he knew would be important, the landmarks in the story, where his Father had sheltered during a storm. Then Jimmy realized the Tree in the story was just as important than the other key points.  
Rejoining the group later, he participated in helping Roy with the evening meal.  They decided that a good old fashion hot dog roast on a stick, through this time it was long metal skewers they had used the night before for roasting Marshmallows. Roy had a pot of baked beans simmering on the fire pit grill. Later tonight, they would pop popcorn over the open fire for the story hour, in a pan on a long handle, kernels in oil, shaking it carefully until the pan was full of popped corn.  Then pour melted  butter over it. Tonight, they decided to break out the limited supply of Root beer soda, Grandfather had stocked in the ice cooler one of his surprised. With their evening meal done and cleaned up after, the boys settled around the campfire telling ghost stories, joking around poking fun each other.  Then the hour came for Jimmy’s story. 
The fire had banked down enough for popping the corn, and the Cold Root Beer passed around.  It was a warm night, so the boys decided to pull their bedding out and sleep around the fire tonight.  They had lite citronella candles in large metal pots around the fire pit to keep the bugs away. When everything was arranged bedding in place safely away from the fire pit. Jimmy commenced his story. “My Grandfather told me this story soon after my Father passed. It was about dad when he was 16 years old and his first time camping out alone in the woods. On this very spot, though not as comfortable as we are. Grandfather said it was tradition in his family as far back as his Grandfather when he was 16, to come here to these woods and spend 3 days and two nights living off the land. My Great Grandfather was allowed a bedroll, crude matches, a water canteen with water from the stream. Yes, that streams been here that long constantly feeding into the Apply River.  I am told that it is spring fed and may never go dry. Well Great Grandfather, along with his bedroll, crude matches, and water, had to live off the land. Though he did have a big hardy breakfast a block of bacon, a dozen eggs, ham and biscuits with honey and jam. All drunk down with fresh cow milk drawn that morning.”
“He had a haunting Knife 12 inches long, sharp as a razor blade.  A roll of fishing string wrapped around a stick of cork his bopper and a pocket tin of hooks, and a small hatchet just as sharp as the knife.  He was expected to fish and hunt by trapping rabbits and small game. With the knife he was to skin his kill and stretch out the hides to dry. To prove  his skill as a hunter.  His Father taught him what wild root vegetable was safe to eat and safe mushrooms to eat. Back then the riverbanks here in these parts had plenty of wild apple tree’s about.  Great Grandfather was restricted to stay in these woods within a defined boundary.  If caught outside that boundary before the evening of the third day, he would put to shame the name of Walker.  Back then they called it a rite of passage for a young man much like Indians did in there days for young braves.  Great Grandfather, and every male since have passed the rite of passage down the generations to come. Though it has evolved much given our modern era”.  
“My Father took his, with much of the same limitations, though bringing home his proof and skill has a hunter has changed much given the decline of the animal populations back then.  Now as for the shaming the family name the emphasis on that has changed as well.  No longer where you put out of the family and your name removed from the family bible. Just surviving the three days was enough. Bravery and courage to make it through the three days earned you your badge of Honor in the family for my Father and my Grandfather.”
Jimmy told the boys, what followed is a story how a bear treed his Father up a tree. Now my Father as we now know was one of the original Grand Apple Valley Adventure club members  at a time when such “Rites of Passage” traditions where fading.  Grandfather did not think he boy was going to keep the tradition going.  Father insisted he was not going to dishonor that tradition by refusing to carry that tradition on.  So, his Father sit the day and time. Followed tradition with a good breakfast, with the required gear.  A bedroll replaced by a sleeping bag. A knife a modern steel affair, the hatchet the same. The fishing line polymer fiber. Grandfather had taught his son the lore of the woods, what to eat and what not to eat.  How to build snares, and build a Lean-to, much like Grandfather built for us. He was walked to this spot and left to defend for himself by using the stars for his map, moss grows on north side of tree’s, and the knowledge that the Rainbow stream flows north from it spring fed source into the Apple River. The sun rises from the East and sets in the West. His matches in a waterproof tin, and a canteen to hold water. He was to stay in this spot only to leave it to forage, fishing, and hunt, never to wonder more than a quarter day away in any direction.  Back then, this area was much forested then it is today.” Jimmy continued on with his story.  
“Father was busy that first day, preparing his camp, building his Lean-to, building a fire pit much like this one.  With his sleeping bag secured in the Lean-to, a gate across it tied with vines. He gathered fallen branches and twigs, to build his fire.  Filled his canteen from the spring. When all that was finished, he went fishing for his evening meal.  He brought home some fine fish, to spit and cook over an open fire. Then he built a snare for rabbits down the stream away from camp. The next morning, he had caught a young buck.  Skinned it and hung the meat to drain its blood.  Then went foraging for mushrooms, and wild roots he would roast in the fire. By day two he had a solid routine in placed moved his snare around, for rabbits would shy away from previous places he trapped them.  With a homemade spear he was able to spear fish and take down fowl in the stream.  He did not need much food. Eventually that afternoon on the second day he wondered further away exploring his little kingdom.  He decided he was going to find the source of Rainbow stream, the spring that fed it.  He took his sleeping bag strung on his back, his canteen, knife, spear and hatched, and what cooked meats he had. He was going to camp out for the night at the end of stream, then return on the third day back to his basecamp.”
That was when made his first mistake. As he traveled north following the spring to its source, he entered more wild area’s where it was reported that bob cats roamed still, and bears coming down from the north, though rare for them. But that summer a forest fire over in the next county had driven many of the larger animals out, seeking shelter elsewhere.  Father never found the source of the spring as many times Rainbow stream meandered here and there, flowing west once and east the next.  He finally gave up as the sun was near setting.  He build a small fire pit, set up his sleeping bag on high rise of land near the stream where he could see the stream where it formed a switch back with-its meandering way. A mound in the center of the upper curve of the ‘S’.  He would return south and follow the stream back home in the morning. During the night he was awoken by the cry of a bob cat off in the far distance of the woods.  He built his fire up, knowing such creatures would stay away.  He got very little sleep after that. In the morning he awoke to discovered that the stream had swollen though no rain had fallen that night where he slept. He knew then a summer storm further upstream in the next county had dumped much rain as it came down stream bloating the stream to flow over its banks.
Has he was on high ground in the upper curve of the switchback, he was stranded on an island about 15 feet by 20 feet?  All around him the stream was a lake.  He figured it had to be at least 10 feet in some areas, rushing waters, swirling around his island.  Flotsam and down tree’s swirling about.  There was one mature tree on his island, its roots deep and secured the tree, holding his island together.  He dared not swim for it or be smashed by debris floating down stream.  He waited out the rushing waters, knowing such flooding would subside in hours when the source of storm waters would eventually drain down into the valley into Apple river.  He managed to hook to a large branches of dead wood and drag them assure shore where he cut them for fire wood before they became waterlogged.  Then what appeared to be wooden raft came rushing at the island, it was a section of a stockade fence barely holding together. He managed to snag that too. Hauling on to  the island. He at first thought he could build a raft out of it.  But it did not have enough wood to hold his weight.”  
“Then to his horror he noticed the stream was rising slowly around his island. He climbed the tree to take an advantage point looked down stream to see a jam of fallen trees, and debris building up in narrow spot.  It was a dam that created a back wash of rising water that would  eventually drown his little island. With quick thinking he broke the fence apart hauled the planks up the tree by his fishing line a 50 lb. test line. Managed to lash together, a small platform across  two large branches some 10 feet above the rising waters. Hauling his sleeping bag up, his spear, with his knife and hatchet, he prayed the tree would not topple over when the ground below got saturated. Though the water rose, the water flowing down stream had less debris, eventually the flow slowed down, but the dam held firm. 
The top of the island was covered to about 1 foot then rose no more. Father hoped that the water would eventually filter through the mess of the debris. In time the water would lower and lower until once again his island would be free. But that was not to be the case.  He spent that night in the tree, after lashing himself to it in way that should the tree topple, he would be safe on his platform, his knife handy to cut his lashes if needed. Before night fell every once and a while a downed tree would float downstream in the current, swing around the island or snag against his tree. Sometime during the night Father was awoken by a downed tree bumping into the debris at is base. It shook the tree but remained upright. Then he a heard a sound he never thought he would hear. It was the cry of a bear cub, Motherless hanging  dearly on to the downed tree.” 
Having earlier cut up branches from above, removing the leaves, Father created torches of sorts. He still had the hides of his kills strung to his belt, these and cotton batting cut from his sleeping bag he had lashed together torches he that could light with his dry matches. He tested one out and found that it would flare up and burn for a while, the grease of the pelts fueling the fire.  The batting of cotton burned fast the starter to ignite the pelts. With six such torches, he hoped that a search party would eventually come searching for him and see the flames and smoke of the skin and batting gave off.  In the morning Father observed the bear cub, struggling to hang on to his perch on the tree as it was working loose from the island. The water had dropped a foot and land could be seen.  The bear cub took a leap of faith, landing on the island at the base of Father’s tree. Then the tree, the cub was on broke loose tearing out a good size chunk of the island.  Fathers tree shock violently tilted a little then settled again. The cub startled, started climbing the tree having noticed the platform above. Father quickly gather his torches stuck them in his belt, then having his knife in it is sheaf at his belt, he swung his hatchet not at the Bear cub but up into an upper branch where it stuck deep into limb. Then tossed his spear as well to lodge in near the hatchet. 
The cub had reached the underside of the platform and would soon figure out how to get around it to the top. Leaving his sleeping bag behind, he climb further up the tree but stopped when the tree started to tilt once again toward the water, then settled. Father remained where was, he crawled out on a limbed opposite of the tilt, to allow his weight to create an equal force of balance to keep the tree from toppling. The cub finally worked his way around the platform to crawl on the sleeping bag. Then exhausted curled up on it and fell asleep. Another night passed. That morning Father awoke from his fitful sleep to discover that sometime during  the night the dam had broken apart. The water up stream had rapidly flowed through lowering the water level to where the hill the tree was on was now a hill again. He watched the water keep lowering until the switchback of the stream could be seen once again.  Though the land below the hill was waterlogged, he knew he could cross over safely back into the woods where the swollen stream had not reached. Except the Bear cub was awake and looking up at Father in the branches above.
He lifted his spear, he was ready to spear the cub if he had too, then off in the distance their came a roar of an adult bear.  Soon he saw the Mother bear with another cub at her side.  The cub below responded with his own cry. The cub managed to find his way down to the sponging ground as the Mother bear reached the base of the mound. The cub above tumbled  down the hill to his Mother’s feet. She cuffed him once with her paw, as if to say, “Didn’t I tell you to not to wonder off, your silly bear”. Then she nosed her cub, pushing him away from the hill. She looked back up the hill into the tree, stood up and raised her paw waving it at Father, then roared as if to say “thank you human.  I hope he wasn’t too much of a bother, you know boys, boys will be boys.” Then fell back to the ground turned around and herded her cubs away not south Father feared but north back to familiar territory.”  
When the Mother and her cubs where far away heady north, he climbed down his tree hoping it would not tilt more and topple.  He managed to rest his feet on solid if not wet ground, then he noticed sometime odd as he turned around to peak behind the tree learning over the hill. Though a good chunk of land had been ripped up, it revealed a remarkable thing. The island foundation was stone, the tree firmly supported on top.  Then Father heard Grandfather calling his name off in the woods, other voices shouting, “James, James T. Walker, over and over again. Then Father spotted Grandfather coming out of woods down by where the stream narrowed and what was left of the dam. Waving his spear, he shouted Father, over here. The two met each other midway between the tree and the dam.  
Grandfather crying, kissing, and hugging his son. When their emotions ebbed.  Father took Grandfather to the tree, told a brief story how he was treed by a bear. He walked Grandfather around the mound, to show him the huge boulder the Tree rested on. Low and behold they saw a hole in the boulder, just large enough for two to crawl through.  Father lit one of his torches. Crawled in first, then yelled at Grandfather to crawl in too.  By the light of the burning torch, by the flicking of flames they saw an amazing sight.  Father and Son looked at each other in surprise. Then hearing voices nearing from the woods, they both understood what needed to be done.  Quickly they left the small cavern and as fast as they could they shifted the debris of small, downed trees and branches to hide the hole in the hill.  
They retreated toward the woods, to join the other men searching for Father.  One of the men in the group was a seasoned old timer, said he found tracks of a Mother bear, with one cub in the area heading this way, fresh tracks no more than a few hours old. Then another searcher hollered over here, showing where more tracks led to the hill. Then back again toward the woods, this time a second set of cub tracks. It would be best if they left this area. So, with Father, Grandfather, and the searchers, they returned to the basecamp in the center of the woods where others had set up a staging area for the searchers.  Once their Dr. Grady Capp, the twins Grandfather looked my Father over and declared he would be alright just needing some food, water, and rest. Later that afternoon, my Father told his story how he was treed by a bear, to the searchers as Grandfather told me years later.” Jimmy said. 
The boys laid there on their sleeping bags, eye’s wide in amazement.  Denny had to ask. “Is this real, Jimmy, I mean not just a bedtime story.”
“Yes, Denny it is. Grandfather tells me that one day he will take me to the tree on the hill and show me the cavern and what my Father saw inside.  He says that tree still stands though tilting somewhat more. But that cave under it supports it from falling. He says you can still find what is left of the tree stand Father built in that tree. Grandfather says the switchback of that stream is now a straight channel.  That flood and all the downed trees and debris flowing threw had cut a new course for the stream.  Though there have been high waters throughout the years since then, never as bad as the year that bear cub treed my dad”.
 Jimmy announced, “it is late, we have extra chores early in the morning, if we are to pick up our new supplies on time its best, we turn in now.” The boys got busy with bedtime chores. Roy tossed two small  logs on the fire, to burn to coals overnight. Denny check the fence alarm.  Jimmy and Roger collected soda cans and hung the popcorn popper up to clean in the morning. Any loose popcorn on the ground was picked up and tossed in the fire. Did not need to draw ants and critters into the campsite.  With everything sorted out, the boys paid their respects to Mr. Johnny.  Then snuggled up into their sleeping bags and soon were all asleep.  Not a creature was stirring not even a small mouse, “Who, Who,” burped the Owl.
To be continued:


Chapter 14
Ghost in the Night (continued)


The boys slept through the night without any incidents. Denny was the first to awake when his wristwatch alarm went off, a vibration increased every second then a buzzing until the alarm was stopped.  Not one to lay a bed like a lazy dog, he rose. Looked around him, he saw nothing out of the ordinary then realized he was camping outdoors on the ground.  Clearing his fussy head, he stood and stretched his arms. Then shouted at the other sleepy heads. “Wake up Boys, rise and shine, it’s the early bird that gets the worm.”
Roy was the first to peak his head out from inside his sleeping bag. “Did someone say we are having worms for breakfast. No thank you, I have had my fill today. Then fell back down to bury his head inside his sleeping bag. Denny walked over to Roy, kicked him in the legs and said.
“Since when did you fill up on worms Roy.”
Roy responded his voice muffled, “in my sleep when I dreamed you were a fat juicing worm, and I was a giant vulture swooping down on you.”
“Wake up Roy, before someone shoots you for eating worms out of season.” Denny moved down the line, shaking the others awake.
Charley apparently was already awake, as he was laughing in his hands, turned to Denny.  “You know Denny boy, you would make a great straight man, with that one liner of yours, Roy your side kick who falls to your bait every time.” Charley slipped out of his sleeping bag and made a mad dash to the half-moon facilities before Roy could enter, moved around Roy, and slipped in, leaving Roy standing outside dancing.
“Charley, I was here first.” He complained.  Charley snapped back. “Find a bush boy, mind the poison ivy though, would not want you to have an itch on your bum. Charley joked.  Roy was looking around the campsite perimeter. When Jimmy walked up behind him. “Hold that thought boy, you can wait.”  
“No, I can’t,” moaned Roy hopping around some more. Charley walked out, “Would you like a tall glass of water it might help.” Roy pushed him aside then in rushed in.  Jimmy and Charley laughed as they heard a loud sigh from Roy.  Then returned to their morning chores. Roger, and Denny where gathering up the sleeping bags, hanging them up on the clothesline strung between two Trees. To dry the morning dew of the bags airing them out. While they did that, Charley and Jimmy started a cold breakfast of cornflakes with the last of their fresh milk. Apple juice, and muffins. Then they heard a loud curse come out of Roy, “Ouch that hurts.” Charley turned to Roger at the table. “He did it again Roger.  I don’t know how many times I have told him to put it in first, then zip it up last.”  Roger laughed nearly dropping the box of corn flakes.  Roy came out of the little house on the hill, looking sheepish. 
“Sorry my finger got in the way.” Roger managed to drop the cereals bowls laughing again. Jimmy came up to the table asking wants so funny. Charley laughed and said, 
“Roy’s having a zipper problem. Again”. 
Jimmy turned to Roy, don’t mind them Roy, you will get the hang of it.” Then walked away before Roy could snap his fingers beside the head. 
After breakfast they topped off the lanterns with the gas emptying the can. Loaded up the quad with the empty can. They bagged the returnable soda cans that had been collecting and put them in the Quad. While Charley and Jimmy left with the Quad.  Denny, Roy, and Roger cleaned up last night’s left-over dishes, and took care of the morning dishes. Then helped Denny do another perimeter check of the fence line. They found evidence of Raccoons in the trash pit, but that was to be expected. With the shovel kept near, Roy shoveled a new layer of dirt from the mound of dirt next to the pit into the pit.  
Then Roger added more blue chemicals to the toilet tank filling it up to full. When flushed it removed the waste and filled the pit below.  Grandfather Tom had added a pipe from under the deck that extended out eight feet away, to elbow up a pole another 10 feet to exhaust the fumes. The whole affair had been placed down wind of the campsite.  By the time Roger finished that chore, Jimmy, and Charley where back with the Quad.
Roger, Jimmy, and Charley unloaded the new gas can, and the large ice chest full of ice. When they got it back to the Lean-to, they discovered the ice chest held a whole watermelon, more cold soda’s, cola this time, and fresh milk.  Grandfather Tom was on top of the shopping list that is for sure. Jimmy retrieved a Green packet from the Quad. The boys pulling out ice cold soda retired to the table for their morning meeting.  Sitting down at the table you could hear the popping of key tabs pulled off the soda cans. Then a few sighs after a refreshing drink.  Jimmy opened the packet. In it was another map extending the range of the campsite to include upstream past the fishing hole some 8 miles upstream, showing a spot marked “X” with a heading, “The Bear Tree” 2 1/2 hours from camp, roughly 8 miles South.   Off to the side of the Bear Tree, another “X” marked among emoji for trees. With the heading Lean-to #2, 50 yards west From Bear tree in the woods.   A line of bold dashes led from the base camp down to Rainbow stream, and then South along the stream bank, with a few landmarks noted where the line detoured around them then back on course. To reach the Bear Tree, and from there the line of dashes led west to Lean-to #2. 
Jimmy then pulled out the note from Grandfather. He read it to the boys.  “By now Jimmy has told the story, “How his Father had been treed by a bear.” You are going on a hike. Pack your backpacks with a cold lunch, one can of soda each, if you have not already drunk them all up. Canteen full. Bug spray, and long pants, a jacket for the night in case you need them. Your radios, flare gun and flares, your hunting knifes and flashlights. The list continued with Fishing line, hooks, dry matches, and do not forget your first aid kits a must always on an overnight hike. Yes, I said an overnight hike. 
Be sensible and pack you backpack evenly in weight so that each of you according to your strength and stamina share the load.  You will find at the end of you hike, the Bear Tree in Jimmy’s story.  Also, from there a larger Lean-to to sleep in. It has already been provisioned with can goods, extra can opener and snacks to get by until you return to basecamp.  You will find blankets in watertight bags, a small stockpile of wood and a small firepit in front of the Lean-to to last you for one overnight. The trip out should last you at least 2 and half hours if you do not play around too much. Have a brunch before you leave to tide you over. Leave by 10 a.m. and you should arrive by 12:30  p.m.  By my best estimation you have two hours to prepare, do not rush or you will forget something essential.  The map provided has several landmarks you will pass, it is important that you stay on course, these landmarks are your markers to assure you are on course. Also, at each landmark, you will find a new clue. The first, “stands out like a sore thumb hit by a hammer.” The next clue will be found there and so forth.
“Have a safe journey, no straying or exploring off the route. Your object is to get to the Bear Tree, then on to the Lean-to in the timeframe allotted you.  If on time you will have time to revisit the Tree before night falls.  Leave camp #2 as you found it. Make sure the fire is out and wetted down, I am sure you boys will manage to figure out how to do that, then kick dirt in it, no more wood in the fire after you bed down, so you won’t have a lot of hot goals in the morning. One more thing Drink lots of water. Stay hydrated. You can refill your canteens out of the stream.  Very clean safe water. Always remember to fill from shallow fast flowing water. It is natures purifier. Remember no peeing in the stream up stream then filling your canteen downstream.  Jimmy’s Father learned that lesson when he was filling his canteen and the twins’ Father was taking a wiz up stream just a few yards away.  Your clues found on the way will reveal why you are on this overnight hike. Do not go beyond that point, uncharted territory, Reports of a Ghost of a Mother bear looking for her cubs. That is all boys. Now jump to it. Do not forget the map. Important make sure you basecamp firepit is out no hot coals use your dirty dish water to put it out now first thing. Then Pack your backpacks and head north, the game is afoot.  Recheck your fire pit before you leave. Thats all for now Jimmy.
Denny spoke up, “Grandfather Tom is certainly a stickler for details. I like that man.”
Then the boys jumped up from the table.  Roy and Charley dumped the morning dishwater into the fire pit, then stirred the goals, then dumped the second bucket of clean water on the pit.  Satisfied, then all the boys went to their tents where they empty out their backpacks, then repacked them according to Grandfather Tom’s instructions and list to the letter. The had each other recheck their bags. Jimmy stuffed the map in his. Each boy made sure their compasses, belt knifes where attached to their belts at the waist, and canteens filled with fresh water from the water tank. Denny had put together a sack lunch of Peanut butter and Jelly sandwiches, chips, cookies, and soda for each boy.  This they stuffed into their backpacks.  They made some last-minute adjustments in weight distribution for Denny so as he did not have to heavy a backpack. Charley had remembered the Quad, pulled the key out and stuck it under a rock near the Quad to have fast easy access to it. Then left an extra remote to the alarm on the front seat. When all was ready, they rechecked the firepit to make sure it was cold down to the soil below the ash and coals.  It was now 9:45 a.m., 10 minutes later they were at the stream after securing the fence alarm.  
Jimmy pulling the map out. He glanced at it then yelled “that way trekkies, north to the stars beyond at warp speed one. Must not tire out the warp engines before we get there Scotty.”  The crew saluted their captain and walked off in their hiking boots.  Forty minutes away then found their first landmark on the map. It was a cluster of boulders, and in the middle of the pile of boulders was an old cement fence post. Wrapped around the post a coil of red rusty old barb wire from the top of the post to the bottom of the post buried among the boulders. Looking at the base of the post, careful of the barb wire, one prick of that and Jimmy would need a Tetanus shot. He freed a roll of sheep skin, from the coil of wire at the base of the post. One would have thought it was torn off a sheep who got tangle in  the wire ages ago. The boys continued walking along the trail mindful of Grandfathers time schedule. They listened to Jimmy as he read the puzzle.  
“What is this state’s most popular geological find many hunt for?  The boys started calling off their guesses.  Denny started with Petoskey stones.  Roy, thinking of the Upper Peninsula, said Iron. Roger was thinking of Sand with all the dunes around the Great Lakes. Sandstone was Charley’s choice. Denny though it could be dinosaur bones, like the bones of a Mastodon the Wooly elephant.  But Jimmy said they were petrified bone, not a natural geological stone. Well, they had four choices to start with. 
Walking on, Jimmy read the last line in the puzzle, “You find your next clue at the next landmark on your map where you will look for the meaning of “Trains crossing paths in the Night riding on what?”
Roy, said spurs,  Jimmy said rails, Roger said bed as that was what was under the spurs. Denny said trestles. Less than an hour later, they came to the first bend in the stream on the map, where the landmark was near. They saw nothing on the banks of the stream on either side of it, or in the shallow stream that stood out to them. To the right of them was a thick thicket of wild raspberries eaten over by the birds, not many berries left, then the woods.  The boys started looking over the raspberry thicket. Then Denny shouted over here.  Stood in front of a brush of raspberry’s were someone created a wreath of raspberry vines into a circle, with two vines crossing each other through the center of the wreath, like spokes of a wheel.  
Roy jumped in glee and explained. “Its wheels of the train they travel on, the crossing paths are the spokes of the wheel. Gently removing the thorny wreath, Roy saw a tunnel into the thicket.  At the bottom of the tunnel rested another sheep’s hide. Charley having the longest and thinnest arms, guided his arm through the tunnel avoiding the thorny sides retrieving the hide. 
Charley handed it to Jimmy who unrolled it. Written on the hide was this clue. “What is round and hollow inside, put together the clues you have found so far. Figure it out on your way, the next clue is 20 minutes away.”  Denny checked his watch; told the boys they were 10 minutes ahead of schedule.  They did not waste that time, and proceeded on, drinking from their canteens. They rehashed the clues, Petoskey stone, Iron, sand, and sandstone, added round, and hollow. Petoskey stones where not hollow but could be round when cut and polished. Iron as a raw ore was very porous but seldom round in the sense of a ball. A grain of sand was round, while sandstone were cut in blocks for buildings, can be carved into round shapes but not naturally hollow. So, all these items could be round, and some hollowed by man.  
Then Charley said the first clue said something popular and many hunt for it, as if to say it was a souvenir like a Petoskey stone, which is not hollow. Which I think rules it out. Iron can have holes through it, but not like a hollow object.  So, rule that out.  Sand and Sandstone are both sand. I say Sand is our best choice for now but how does that fit being round and hollow?  Roy said, maybe the last clue will give us the common thread we need to tie it all together.
Jimmy looked at the last sheep skin they found. There was no clue to finding what the last Landmark was. Maybe it was obvious that you would find yourself tripping over it.  A 15 minutes later, they reached the point on the map where the next marker was; the second bend in the stream. The only thing they found was a pile of rocks and small boulders.  Someone had been using the rockpile to break glass bottles on, as if throwing them from a distance. Denny thought that they had to figure out how far you had to be from the rock to reach it with a bottle. Maybe the further distance marked the spot where the clue was when you missed the rock pile. Several bottles remained around the pile of rocks unbroken. Each boy picked one up, then paced themselves apart at different distances from the rocks. Denny the closet easily hit the rocks when throwing the bottle underhanded where it shattered.  Denny stepped out of line, and Roy tossed his bottle, he too hit the rock pile, Charley was next, he too hit the rock pile, then Jimmy hit the rock pile, then Roger the farthest away and the strongest arm  up against a tree, also hit the rock pile. That theory did not pan out. Then they searched the rock pile and found nothing. 
Going over the clues, sand, and sandstone. Denny, hollered, Yes, and explained. “It’s been in our hands all along.” Holding up a bottle, he asked. “What are glass bottles made of?”  Roger said melted Sand. Sand makes glass.  Jimmy said we need to go, we have just 75 minutes to get to the Bear Tree to be on schedule.  We can figure out the rest on the way.
The boys went over the clues again, they had sand, round and hollow, and glass. It was a most sought after geological find as a souvenir.  Now they had to fit it all together before they got to the Bear Tree. Denny the science geek, put it this way, “sand makes glass or something similar like class stones colored to make fake Gems. What’s round, hollow, and popular to find in this state…that has gems…then he caught on, Gems found  in a hollow.”
 Jimmy was a head of him, “Geodes.  Agent Geologist Baker once told me that she was interested in finding Geodes as a collector. This state was known to be a popular place to hunt for them. Some could be as small as a penny, as large as your fist, and rarer finds have been discovered as big as a room in caves and the like.  When you crack the smaller ones open, they reveal inside crystal forms of many colors, or just one color depending on the mineral source that is present when the Geode grows.  Eventually a brittle crust forms around the crystals like when you roll a ball through wet sand it sticks to the ball, a crust of sand.  Geodes take thousands and thousands of years to develop. The bigger the oldest. Many are found in this state just laying around on the surface, brought up from underground by the movement of glacier flows like that which formed this state and the Great Lakes.
Jimmy stopped; they had reached the Bear Tree. They were 15 minutes early on the schedule. The boys climbed the small hill some fifteen feet high, just over 20 feet in circumference, more a mound then a hill. They stood at the base of the Bear Tree, which was still tilting over the mound. They looked up saw what was left of the tree stand; Jimmy’s Father had built to get above the flooding stream.  Whatever remained of the sleeping bag left behind had long ago rotted away.  Then Jimmy noticed a scrap of an old hide pinned to a rusty nail. He took off his backpack and asked Roger to assist him to climb the ten feet up to the tree stand. Roger cupped his hands together while Jimmy stepped one foot into them. Then Roger lifted Jimmy up so he could stand on his shoulders.  Stretching his legs lifted Jimmy another inch. Jimmy stretched his arm and with the tips of his fingers was able to pull the hide off the nail. Roger helped Jimmy climb down his body until he was firmly on the ground.  Jimmy unfolded the hide.  It was a note from his Grandfather.  It had four words written on it in his Grandfathers hand. “Look Under the Tree”.
“Look under the Tree” Jimmy spoke aloud, then repeated himself slowly. “Look under the Tree”. The boys realizing what Jimmy was saying, rushed around the tree to the side where it was leaning over the mound. They could see below the tree on the side of the mound here was bare stone.  Then Jimmy remembered the story when his Father had done just that.  Grabbing Denny’s hand, he dragged the boy around the tree grabbing his backpack, putting it in Denny arms and with the other boys following. They raced down the mound the way they came up it. Walked around the base of the mound to stand below the titling tree.  That side of the mound was a solid wall of stone from the base of the tree all the way to the ground; the base hidden behind thick thickets of scrub. Jimmy found a fallen branch nearby, stripping it with his hunting knife, soon had a spear like pole.  He jabbed the pole to into the thicket, in one spot, it hit stone, then pulled it out and moved it a few inches over, the pole at first hit stone again, then slipped further threw. Testing a few inches over, it went through without any resistance.  He tested further over and found the other side of the opening in the stone face.  Then repeated the process to test the height of the opening and at ground level.  He stood there grinning; there was a cave in the mound. 
He told Roger to help him cut out the scrub just above the ground level in front of the hole. Just wide enough to slip through. He instructed the others to bundle that scrub together with fishing line, he wanted to use it later to cover the hole back up.  With every scrub they cut, they tossed it behind them, Denny, Roy, and Charley created a new plug for the opening. Fifteen minutes later Jimmy had enough cleared away to crawl through, asking for Denny’s flashlight he turned it on, then kneeled down and with the flashlight pointing into the dark cavity. He crawled through.  Once in he pointed the flashlight up toward the ceiling to test the height, he stood up and stood there in shock, stunned into silence. Then Roger came in with his flashlight, stood and gasped. Denny followed, then the twins. They stood there speechless. They stood in the biggest Geode they ever saw. The hollow had to be 15 feet wide, and 8 feet tall at least.  Crystals as long 10 inches and longer, some as big around as an adult’s upper arm from ceiling to floor, a perfectly round spere inside.  The floor was littered with broken crystals. Every color in the human eyes spectrum. They explored the crystals with their hands, finding many where smooth and multifaceted. They felt them vibrating, humming.  
The boys sat on the dirt ground playing their flashlights over the crystals watching the many lights project around them off the crystals.  When the air inside got a  bit stuffy one by one, they crawled out, to discover the sun was just above the trees.  They had to have been in the Geode for hours. Jimmy instructed the twins to place the plug back into the scrub to hide the opening as best as they could. With loose branches and leaves they cover the base to make it look as natural as possible.  They collected their backpacks and slipped back into them. Then entered into the woods following the map to the Lean-to, no one spoke still amazed into silence. It was that silence that alerted them to trouble ahead. 
They stopped in their tracks frozen, someone was up ahead, arguing loudly with someone.  Then they heard the person shouting, “Stop complaining Jake Lake. I am not going to unshackle your legs.  You can hobble down to the stream with that bucket and get fresh water.  Got nowhere to run Jake if try. You will get lost in the woods at night or fall into the stream and drown.  With this busted arm of mine in this sling, you think I am going to carry that bucket of water. I am staying here in this Lean-to so live with it.  If that darn car had not broken down, I would have gotten the money from your folks and out of this state, far away from you and these woods. Go it is getting dark, and do not dawdle.  I am thirsty and these dry biscuits will wash down better with water.  You got 20 minutes there and 20 minutes back. I know how long it takes you to hobble there and back.  Any later then that I will be after you. Go any faster and you will fall on your face and break you neck.
The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club turned around and raced back to Bear Tree. They had about 15 minutes to get back in the Geode, cover the hole before Jake reached the stream. They made it just in time when through the scrub Jimmy saw Jake Lake shuffle down to the stream fallen once and losing the bucket. He slowly got up on his knees, grabbed the bucket, and crawled to the stream. Jimmy saw through the scrub how weak he was, thinner than he remembered, since last seeing Jake.  Jake tried, putting the bucket in the water slipped on the steam bank and slowly slide into the icy cold deep water.  Without hesitation Jimmy burst through the scrub and raced to the stream just in time to stop Jake from slipping fully into Rainbow stream.  Roger behind him, both boys grabbing the crude shackles around his ankles pulling him back out of the water. Jake was unconscious having fainted before slipping down in the water headfirst. He was breathing but it was shallow breaths. 
Jimmy called for the twins to help them carry Jake to the Geode. Thinking fast he told Roy to take the bucket and carry it a few feet back down the Trail. Leave it there tipped over, stir up the ground, then get back here as fast as you can and back into the Geode. By the time Roy made it back inside the Geode, and the scrub plug back in place. They had the floor of the Geode cleared and Jake stripped of his wet clothes down to his boxers. The boy was shivering, going into shock. The  boys took out their jackets, spare Jeans from their backpack.  First rolled him over then placed three pairs of Jeans on the dirt ground then rolled him back over the jeans. Then covered his body to keep him warm with their jackets.  Roy and Denny where rubbing his hands, and arms to stimulate his circulation and warm him up.  Though he was only in the water for a brief time he was weak from lack of food, the spring fed stream icy cold.  Charley got out the first aid kits from everyone’s pack, went through them, found a thermometer, and checked his temperate.  It was 103, he was burning up. Something was wrong, shock would lower one’s temperature.  He checked over Jakes body closely with his flashlight, found several large bruises. Huge blue green and yellow bruises. One was puffy filled with yellow puss, red lines throughout,  when he put pressure on it puss streamed out. It was a puncture wound that had not sealed.  From the first aid kit he got gauze out and antiseptic wipes, cleaned the wound, pressing down and draining more puss until it stopped. Dr. Mom had provided plenty of over the  Erythromycin tablets low dose, he crashed up two and put it in water and had Roger try and get Jake to swallow it.  The directions said take one every 4 hours.  
Roy took a close look at the punctured wound and told Charley it looked like an insect bite, like when he was bitten by a spider in the boat house. Dr. Mom said most spiders here, where not poisonous in the sense of a Black Widow but could cause an infection in those sensitive or an Anaphylaxis reaction.  Charley got out the spider bite kit and read the booklet. It had a few pictures of common spider bites and how they affected the skin.  Further instructions in the kit said it had an all-purpose antidote, to use for suspected bite or confirmed bite, which could be affective for most spider bites.  First, he had to use the test kit to check for allergies to it.  It was a small needle you dipped in the test vile, then pricked the skin at the wrist, wait five minutes, any severe allergy would occur in that time.  Charley rechecked his temperature, it had remained at 103.  Jakes shivering was lessening though.  A Good sign.  His skin was looking better with more flesh tones returning, another good sign.  Charley check the spider bite test. There was no signs of any skin reaction. He decide to take a risk.  
The booklet was clear that if no severe reaction, you could give the victim a small dose of the antidote as a preventive measure if you suspected a spider bite. It was better than taking the risk, then giving no antidote. The Auto injector pen was designed to adjust dosages, he dialed the lower dosage possible then injected Jake’s arm where the spider bite was. After that it was rechecking his temperature and pulse, every ten minutes or so.  Which was weak but getting better. While this was going on, the sun had set.  Roger, and Jimmy had left the Geode to check the area, looking out for Tommy Lee from the top of the mound. Returning back to the Geode, Jimmy said they needed to preserve the batteries in the flashlights they had. Turn one on only when checking Jakes vital. To their amazement within a minute a dozen crystals in the ceiling started glowing, just enough light to make it easier to see without the flashlight. Denny explained that some crystals would react to artificial light, charging the crystals that they would glow after that light was removed.


Chapter 15
 Midnight 


By Midnight Jake was improving, his temp down to 101, his breathing near normal, and pulse as well. His skin was now warm but not feverish.  After another dose of Erythromycin, and a recleaning of the wound, the boys relaxed. Roy and Denny trading with Roger and Jimmy for sentry duty on the mound. The night sky was cloudy putting the mound in shadows where it help hide the sentries.  Jimmy told Roger he hoped Tommy Lee would hesitated to look for Jake when he did not return, until it was too late to search for him in the dark. Charley eventually took a nap, while Jimmy looked over Jake checking his temp, now to 100 and pulse steady. With the last redressing the red lines where receding somewhat.  
Roger and Jimmy took a nap, then replaced Roy and Denny on sentry. Roy then napped, and Denny with his mini tool kit from his pack worked on the lock of Jakes shackles. After half an hour, he had them off Jakes ankle. Under the shackles, his ankles where raw and bleeding. Opening another first aid Kit got out more antibacterial creams, and antiseptic wipes, cleaned his ankle wounds  and applied the cream, then wrapped them with a cotton dressing. Jake was stirring.  Denny woke Jimmy.  Jimmy propped Jakes head up on a backpack. Coming too, Jake at first was confused. He called out Tommy Lee’s name.  
Jimmy said, “Tommy Lee is not here Jake.”
Jake turned to the voice, recognizing Jimmy in the dim lights of the crystals. “Jimmy, what, where did you come from? Where am I?”
“Jake let us save that for later. You are in a cave in the woods for now, you fell in the stream nearby, we pulled you out. You have been out of it for nearly eight hours with a high fever, which is getting better. You have a nasty infection on your left arm, possibility a spider bite, do you remember that.” Jimmy asked Jake.
“Yes, when Tommy Lee forced me in the into the woods, I stumbled into a nest of spiders, on the ground. One managed to bite me. Am I going to die, Jimmy?” Jake was panicking.
“Settle down Jake, no serious poisonous spiders in the wood. We had a spider bite kit and give you an antidote.  Though you do have an infection common to spider bites.   Our first aid kit had Erythromycin a common antibiotic, we have been given you a dose every four hours. It is helping. We have noticed you have a lot of other bruises on your body.  How, did you get them.” Jimmy asked.
“When Tommy found the shackles in this barn we were hiding out in after the car Tommy stole broke Down.   I tried to run away, but he tackled me down. He locked them around my ankle, after that I kept falling a lot at first.  Tommy would laugh thinking it was funny. Tommy would push and shove me around when I did not move fast enough.  I think, he enjoyed it too much. Then he would hit me when I balked or fought back. Tommy Lee is off his rocker, watch out for him Jimmy.” Jake warned the boy.
“Jake, you need to know, that Tommy Lee can’t help himself, he was abused and beaten by his Father daily since he was 10 years old when his Mother left his Father. His Father would laugh at him when he fell after being pushed to the floor. He is suffering from a kind of post traumatic syndrome where he cannot separate Reality from Fantasy with paranoia thinking that everyone is against him.  I learned this from article published by the state Journal after he forced you to help him escape the detention center. The professionals say that Tommy needs help in a setting that is not threatening to him. A place where he feels save and can trust people not to abuse him.  He is responding to his situation, and fears that you are threatening him, that is why he is treating you this way.  You do not deserve this, and it is not your fault.  We have you hidden, and we will do everything we can to get you to a safe place where he can’t hurt you anymore.” Jimmy tried to offer him hope and build his trust.
“Thank you, Jimmy, but who are We?” Jake asked.
“We are Roger Wilks, The Capp Twins, and Denny McKelly.  We have been camping out at my Grandfather’s woods.  We were coming to the Lean-to, our secondary camp site for an overnight stay where you and Tommy are hiding out.  We heard Tommy Lee arguing with you, we heard him shouting and threatening you. We managed to get back to the stream before you did to hide.  You fell and stumbled at the bank and slipped into the icy water of the stream. From our hiding place we saw you and rescued you from the water.  You have been very ill. Dr. Capp provided us with good first aid kits, for our camping trip.  
“This has helped Charley to treat you and your stable for now, but we need to get to you Dr. Capps clinic as soon as possible. We are in hiding in fear that Tommy Lee will start looking for you at first day light which is about an hour away.  We have two-way personal radios, but for some reason we cannot get through to the farmhouse. We are not expected back to our basecamp until later this morning 2 hours away on foot.  We been napping in shifts and taking sentry shifts during the night.” Jimmy told him.
Jimmy asked Charley who had just awoken from his nap, to get out the sandwiches they were saving for Jake.  Then Jimmy asked Jake if he was up to eating one, there was coke left though warm, and few cookies.  Jake said he was hungry. Charley handed Jake half sandwich, told him to eat slow to see if his stomach would keep it down.  If he was able to, then he can eat the other half and have soda, and cookies. The sugar would build his energy up and restore some of his strength.  Charley gave Jake another dose Erythromycin to take with his food.  Jake asked Charley, “how did you  learn how to become such a good Nurse.”  Charley told him living in the house with a Doctor and clumsy Twin and Denny of course. 
Roger came in from His sentry duty, woke up Roy and Denny. He told them that we needed to have a war council.  He had been thinking of a way to get out of this situation and get Jake back to the main camp and get help for him.  Roger laid out his plan. First, they had to check on Tommy Lee to see if he was still at the Lean-to, or out searching for Jake. If at the Lean-to we need to lore him here into a trap. He asked Roy to sneak down the trail within sight of the Lean-to see if Tommy is there. If he is then get back here fast before Tommy spots him, to let us know he is there or not. Roger then asked Roy to go back down the trail a little ways to hide in the scrubs off the trail to wait until Tommy Lee passed him by.  He was to wait until Tommy Lee reached the Mound, then sneak up on him to be ready to jump him. Roger asked Jake what his sleeping habits where.  
Jake told him, “he is a heavy sleeper once he falls asleep, He kept me shackled and my hands tide at all times unless he needed my help with something but kept my legs shackled even then. He would wake me early and make me make the fire and fix a meal.  I suppose he will soon be getting up and starting to look for me, but not before he fixed something to eat with what is left of the can goods we found. He always ate first and barely left any food for me.”
Roger turned to Roy,   “Go now, time is running out the sun is rising soon.” Remember, don’t let Tommy Lee see you or hear you.”  Roy left. 
Roger told the others, “While Roy is gone, we are going to set a trap for Tommy Lee. To catch him off guard. We need Charley and Denny at the stream”, He reached into his backpack and pulled out a pack of Firecrackers.  Handed them to Charley with matches.” Charley when I give you a wave from the cave, start lighting these and throwing them above the steam.  Just make sure they go off before they hit the water. The firecrackers going off will alert Tommy Lee in the woods at the Lean-to.  Denny will be dancing around joy, cheering Charley to throw more. Which he will until Tommy Lee comes down to the stream.  He as to pass the mound on this side.”  Jake, “is Tommy Lee armed with a knife or a gun.”
“No.” Said Jake. Though I did hurt his arm during one our scuffles, when I tried to get away.  He forced me to help put a sling on his shoulder to support it. He will not be able to fight much one handed.  He had me in those shackles, so I was unable to do much in hurting him and getting away. After that he kept my hands tied up behind me all the time.” Jake said.
“Jake, can you manage on your own here in the cave alone, I will need everyone to help me set the trap.  With two at the stream playing, and one hiding in the woods off the trail to follow behind him quietly when he passes. Jimmy, I want you to be hiding behind the mound between the stream out off site from Tommy’s line of sight.   Jake and I will be in the cave peeking through the scrub that hides the entrance.  When I whisper to you Jake, I want you to yell “help me Tommy help, will someone help me.” The players at the stream will pretend to not here the cry but will be alerted to move fast toward the mound and cave entrance as soon as I jump from the cave.  Tommy, I hope will be draw to that side of mound hearing Jakes voice believing Jake is injured and still shackled.  He will be angry and off guard. Jake you will keep crying out to draw Tommy to the cave entrance in the scrub.  He will realize the voice is coming from the scrub. When he looks into the scrub, the players at the stream will be ready to move when I jump out on Tommy, Then Jimmy will see them moving toward the mound and also move.  Roy, sneaking up behind Tommy from the trail as Tommy reaches the mound and searches for where Jake is.  Even if we don’t all move in synch to reach Tommy at the same time. With me jumping out right on top of him to topple him over will get him to ground giving everyone time to reach him to pin him down until we can tie him up. Everyone will have his belt loose and ready to do just that.  Got it.”
Roy crawled into the cave. “He’s at of the Lean-to, looks like he just got up and he is trying to light a fire.  The bucket Charley left on the trail is still there untouched.”
Roger ordered Charley and Denny to grab their backpacks go to the steam now, I will single you when everyone is in place, they left with their packs. Jimmy go now around to the other side of mound lay low until the players at the stream take action. Jimmy left.  Roy, go back on the trail just as planned.  You will know when to jump him, when I jump out of the cave to tackle Tommy Lee.  Just don’t let him hear you sneaking up on him. Roy, when Tommy passes by you, wait until he is halfway to the mound then get up sneak up behind him. I will be hiding in the cave, jake will yell out to draw Tommy to the cave. Go Now.” Roy left and Roger gave him a few minutes to settle down in the scrub. With everyone in place, he signaled Charley and Denny to play. Charley was ready with the matches and Firecrackers. Lite one threw, it, lite another, and another. Denny cheering him on. 
Roger then entered the cave put the scrub plug back in placed off kilter, so Tommy Lee would hear Jake and see inside the cave. The boys at the stream where having a good time, shouting, and laughing loudly, chasing each other up and down the stream in front of the mound. The Lean-to was not that far away, the woods would echo the sound of popping Firecrackers going off, and the boy’s laughter and shouting.  It would take time for Tommy Lee to decide to come and investigate. Everyone in hiding waiting on pins and needles. Then Tommy Lee appeared out of the woods, sighted the boys, shouting at them to be quiet and asking who they were.  Roger, watched Tommy near the mound, He whispered to Jake, “Now.”
Jake was ready, taking a deep breath, he started yelling, the cave was like a megaphone. His yells blasting out.   “Help, someone help me, Tommy Lee, Tommy Lee, is that you, help,” Roger motioned him to continue, “please someone help me, I am hurt, I can’t move.”  Hearing that, Tommy Lee moved round the mound, following Jakes pleas, when the Tommy Lee, stood in front of the scrub below the tree looking in to the scrub, with his back to the stream. 
Charley and Denny took action, Jimmy moved as well when he saw them move. Roger jumped out of the cave as soon as Tommy bent over to peer into the scrub looking for Jake who was still yelling.  Roy was nearly at the mound when Roger plowed into Tommy knocking him down. Roger, knocking the breath out of Tommy Lee. Jimmy right behind Roger, then, Charley, Denny, and Roy all jumped on Tommy Lee pining him before he could catch his breath and get up. Roger pulling his belt off, wrapped it around Tommy’s wrist.  Then Jake crawled out of the cave, and with the shackles in his hands locked them over Tommy’s ankles. Shouting, “Shackle me will you, you bully.” Then collapsed passed out.
***
When he awoke again, he was on a crude stretcher made from cut trimmed, sturdy saplings from the woods.  The twins had gathered the blankets from the Lean-to, and what remaining can goods and dry food goods still there. With the Four of the blankets secured to the stretcher, and a blanket over Jake, Jimmy and Roger where carrying Jake back to the main camp. The twins had Tommy tied up security with a sapling thrust through his arms behind him. His arms tied to the sapling, he was gagged to stop his insane ranting, his feet unshackled. The shackles hanging from the sapling. Leading him along the stream back to main camp. Denning was constantly on one Radio trying to get through to Grandfather Tom at the farm on his personal channel. When that radio battery died. He got another of the four available.  Halfway way through back to camp, the radio suddenly came alive.  Grandfather Tom was answering.  Roger and Jimmy stopped and carefully lowered Jake down. The twins help Tommy Lee sit on the ground.  Then shackled his feet again. Though they never did lock again. Tommy Lee did not know that.
Jimmy took the radio from Denny. “Grandfather, this is Jimmy, can you hear me. This is Jimmy, SOS, I repeat SOS.”  Grandfather Toms voice came across clear and loud. Jimmy, I hear you want is wrong.  Grandfather, we have a medical emergency I repeat we have medical emergency, we have Jake Lake, he is in trouble. We are halfway back from Bear Tree heading back to basecamp. I repeat half-way back from Bear Tree to basecamp.  Jake is seriously in trouble and needs medical attention.  We will be firing off the flare gun to mark our position as we move toward camp. Every 10 minutes. Have help waiting at the main camp. Denning has an alarm system armed at the camp it is a perimeter wire around the camp, you can spot it easily. To disarm the alarm, you will find a remote switch on the Quad front seat, I repeat to disarm the camp alarm a remote switch on the Quads front seat. Push the red button.  Watch out for the wire around the camp.”  Jimmy out. 
‘Hold on Jimmy, calling for help” Out.
Grandfathers voice came back on 6 minutes later.  “Jimmy, help is on the way. I repeat Help on the way. Out.”  
Jimmy replied, “Thank you Grandfather, watch for first flare in 2 minutes. Out.” Rodger got the flare gun out, already preloaded with a flare.  
Grandfather was on the radio again. “I am watching, fire the flare, I repeat fire the flare. Out.”
Roger raised his arm to its full length and pulled the trigger and lunched the first flare.  It rose to its full height and exploded into a bright red flare then the parachute deployed the flare floated down slowly. 
Grandfathers voice came over the Radio. “I spotted your flare and judge you to be 4 miles from basecamp. In the area of the Rainbow stream.  It has been confirmed that Dr. Capp, Clinic ambulance is on the way Ten minutes ETA. The Sheriff following close behind. Out”
“Grandfather tell the sheriff we have Tommy Lee; I repeat Tommy Lee in secure custody.  We are escorting him to basecamp. I am turning you over to Denny, so we can continue traveling to camp with our stretcher.  Denny will explain more.”  Jimmy out.” Handing the radio over to Denny.  Jimmy, and Roger picked the stretcher up and proceed on. Roy and Charley removed the shackles and got Tommy Lee to his feet and started him on his way. Denny talked to Grandfather Tom regarding Jakes condition at the current time in and out of consciousness.  Lack of nutrition, and physical abuse by Tommy Lee. Briefly explained a spider bite that got infected.  Charley will talk with Dr. Mom with more details about first aid and field treatment to stabilize his condition   and give a history of his vitals then and now. When she can get on the two way.” Denny out.  
Ten minutes later, the boys stopped long enough for Roger to fire off another flare.  Then the sheriff came on the two way now at the basecamp with Dr. Capp, and the ambulance. He asked Denny to tell Charley to switch to channel two on his radio to talked to his Mom.  While the sheriff was talking to Denny on his own two way.  Charley switched over to channel two, on his own radio, Dr. Mom using Grandfather Tom’s two way.
The first thing she said was are you and the boys okay.  Charley confirmed, Dr. Mom then asked about Jakes condition now. He repeated what had already been told to Grandfather Tom. Dr. Mom confirmed. Then asked Charley, Jakes condition and vitals when they found him. Charley told his Mother, Jake had been exposed to the streams icy water when he had passed out and fell in, no more than 5 minutes exposed when they pulled him out, He had several bad bruises, an infected spider bite at least 3 days old.  His vitals then where 103 temp, pulse shallow, breath shallow, signs of dehydration, staving. He had been shackled at his ankle for several days with bleeding abrasion around the ankle. 
He then describe to Dr. Mom, his initial treatment, wet clothes removed dry covering applied. Rubbing to revive circulation. When suspected spider bite found, spider kit opened, allergy reaction tested, negative, then lowest dosage of antidote given. Spider bite confirm by Jake later. Red lines of infection around bite present, traveling from elbow mid-way up to shoulder. Erythromycin given from first aid kit given every four hours initial dose 500 mg. tablet, then 250 mg thereafter over the last Eleven hours. Vitals stabilized temp down to 101, pulse normal, breathing stronger, able to take food and water six hours later from onset. Aware and talking, then relapsed after strenuous struggle with Tommy Lee, being transported by stretcher, comfortably resting, vitals improving. Eta 40 minutes by foot.” Charley out. 
“Charley I’m impressed. Good job.  Sheriff and I are in route by Quad tell Roger to fire a flare.  Out.  Jimmy and Roger stopped; Roger fired another Flare. Sheriff came on Denny’s radio, “I have spotted flare ETA, 15 minutes. Keep proceeding toward basecamp. Out”. 
Proceeding on the boys cut that ETA to 10 minutes. Dr Mom with her black bag in one hand and a larger first aid kit in the other, jumped out of the Quad and approached the stretcher as the boys lower it to the ground. 
The sheriff took Tommy Lee in custody, untying the sapling from his arms tossing it aside.  Then handcuffing Tommy’s hands behind him. The sheriff looked at Roy, “Where did you get the ideal of restraining him with a sapling Roy.” Roy said the movies. Then the sheriff spotted the old shackles laying on the ground looked at Roy. Roy said, Evidence, sheriff, used by Tommy Lee, to shackle Jakes ankles, and lets leave it at that.  The sheriff took the gag out of Tommy’s mouth. Then understood why the gag when Tommy started ranting and raving like a lunatic.  He escorted the boy to the Quad and with another pair of cuffs, cuffed him to the roll bars.  
He stepped over to the doctor who was just finishing her examination of Jake. He told her he will transport the Tommy Lee by Quad to the squad car to secure him in it, then be right back. That is fine she said. No urgent need here. The boy is exhausted, and sleeping now, some concerns that can wait until we get back to the clinic. Tell the medics to ready a saline drip for Jake and give Tommy a field psych examination. They know the procedure, and to administer a mild psychotropic sedative, so you can transport him safely to the regional county psych ward.  I will authorize an emergency 90-day observation period and file the paperwork for the court, to make sure he does not go back to juvenile detention where he should never have been.  The Sheriff left with Tommy Lee.
While the sheriff was dealing with Tommy and interviewing Roy., She had examined Jake. She retrieved her blood pressure meter from her black bag and started her reading, then with her stethoscope removed from around her neck listen to his heart. Then took his pulse.  With a quick reading temperature monitor touch his forehead and took a reading.  She then lifted up each eye lid and with her mini flashlight checked the dilation of his pupils. She unwrap his dressings around his arm and inspected the bruises and spider bite. Rewrapped the arm with fresh bandages from the firs aid kit. Then checked the abrasions on his ankle, then rewrapped them as well with fresh bandages. Then gave Jake an antibiotic shot.  She turned to the boys; “Charley’s treatment may well have saved his life. His heart concerns me for the moment, that spider bite may be the cause, certainty the infection that may still remain in his blood stream. Signs of dehydration and lack of nutrition obvious. He is sleeping boys exhausted. Which is the best thing for him now.” She told them.
When the sheriff road off in the quad with Tommy Lee, she asked all the boys to present themselves for inspection, She, checked their pulse, blood pressure, and heart. Asked them when the last time they had a good meal and water. Charley said twenty-four hours ago at basecamp three meals, then half rations since making sure Jake had the better part of those rations. They showed her their supplies they had in their backpacks.  Dr. Mom was content, But, said when they got back to the basecamp to chow down.  She will drill them later on what the real diet was later. She paid closer attention to Denny and asked if he has been taking meds each day. He told Dr. Mom without no fail. Dr. Mom packed her equipment back into her black bag. Pulled out a bottle of gummy bear vitamins and passed them around. Then the boys sat they are on the ground resting while Dr. Mom checked Jakes pulse again. Jake started to stir and awoke when Dr. Mom finished taking his pulse. He looked up to see Dr. Mom smiling out him, as she rolled the boy’s dirty hair out of his eyes. Jake spoke.
“Hi, Doctor Capp, did we catch Tommy Lee?”  Yes, Jake you did. Dr. Mom told Jake.  The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club gathered around Jake. Denny kneeled down and told Jake. “You crawled out of the cave and snapped those shackles around Tommy Lee’s ankles, then yelled, “Shackle me will you,  you bully.” Then you passed out, been out for the last 2 hours sleeping exhausted. 
Dr. Mom looked at the boys, “What cave?”  
Then Charley told Dr. Mom, “Can we tell you later, when we can get some rest and figure out what we should tell you and what we should not tell you.  There are somethings a boy just never tell their Mother.  We take the Fifth. Will not incriminate ourselves.” 
“Oh, so that’s the way it is going to be, just wait and see, I have to get the sheriff to take you in to custody and make you talk under a hot lamp.” Dr. Mom laughed and hugged her twins. “Whispering in their hears, “I am glad you’re okay boys.”
Jake turned to Jimmy. “Are they always like that?”
“Yes, Jake, you will have to get used to it if you are going to become a member of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, right boys. 
“You got that right Jake.” The boys agreed.
Jake looked at the boys, tears in his eyes, “Thank you, for rescuing me”
Denny piped up.  “Hey Roger does that all the time, I should know.” He winked at Roger.
Roger looked at Jake, “We will tell you that story at the boat house later.  Just one thing you should know, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club is not ashamed to show our emotions and express them.  It’s what makes us who we are. That and all the rough housing. Jokes, and Aunt Nellies Wild and Woolley adventures she tell us.”
The Twins chimed in, “Hey that’s right Roger, we now have had our own Wild and Woolley story to tell Aunt Nellie.  She will be jealous.”
Just at that moment they heard the Quad returning with the trailer attached. In the back seat, was Mr. and Mrs. Lake. Jake rose from the stretcher called out, “Mom, Dad,” his parents embraced him, Jake crying.  Denny turned to Roger, “See old boy, he is learning fast.”
Dr. Mom assured the Lakes, Jake will be fine, a couple days at the clinic for rest and observation will do him good.
The Lakes turned to the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club members  hearing from the sheriff how they were instrumental in rescuing Jake.
Mrs. Lake spoke.  “I do not know how you did it boys’ but know Mr. Lake and I are so grateful you found our Jake for us. Thank you.  We don’t how we can ever repay you.”
Denny gave Mrs. Lake a hug, “A plate of those wonderful cookies you bake will be enough for me.  The others will have to share the crumbs when I am done.”
“Oh, you sweet child, Jake would be lucking to have you for a Friend.”
“You got that right.”  The twins agreed.


Chapter 16
A Rite of Passage


It did not take long to load Jake up in the trailer the stretcher tied down.  Mrs. Lake, and Dr. Mom rode in the trailer with Denny.  Jimmy, Roger, the twins, and Mr. Lake and the Sheriff driving navigated the quad around heading back to base camp. 20 minutes later, they had Jake in the ambulance with a saline trip running as precautionary measures, Dr. Mom and Mrs. Lake road back to the clinic in the Ambulance with Jake.  Undersheriff Hansen having arrived shortly before had taken Tommy Lee in his squad car to the regional county psych ward.
After a brief consultation between the Sheriff and Grandfather Tom.  The boys agreed to cut short their week camping by one day. Tonight, they would spend their last night in camp with Grandfather staying the night.  Denny said he would bunk with Jimmy, and Grandfather could take his tent. Jimmy had a double sleeping back so Grandfather would not have much to do except enjoy the night with the boys. In the morning he could help them strike camp.  The quad and trailer standing by.  Terri was willing to pick the boys up that afternoon with the gear they needed t to return home with, while Grandfather Tom took charge of everything else, until the sheriff could bring the boat by and pick the bulky stuff up.
As for the extra food that would be left over cutting there week short, well, the boys had a celebratory feast that night. An all you can eat buffet.  Terri and Susy said they would drop by and join their feast, and Mrs. Walker, and the Wilks where coming too.  The sheriff said he had to pass, duty and all, and Dr. Mom had her duty too.  So, the boys shared their adventure that night with hamburgers, hotdogs, roasted ears of corn, chips, soda’s, watermelon, and good pot of baked beans.  Mrs. Walker and Terri greeted Jimmy, eager to hear the latest adventure of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club. The Wilks and Susy was just as eager. Grandfather Tom decided to adopt the Twins and Denny for the night so they would not be left out. Grandfather Tom was just as eager as the rest of the adults to hear the details of an unexpected adventure.
After the meal was done, the girls, and their Mothers insisting they clean up, after Jimmy gave them the list of chores, they learned to follow each meal. Eagerly went at it and in no time had the kitchen duty done.  Enjoying the novel ideal of a trash pit, drawing water from the stream, and washing dishes in a bucket.  Denny showed Mr. Wilks his invisible fence and explained its function.  He was impressed, told Denny he should patent the propriety parts of his design.  He believed that the computer software was unique in its application in a differential approach to sensing mass size to eliminate false alarms in the application for campground setting. Denny told him he had a similar alarm at the Boat house. Adapted to the chain-link fence around the boat house, the camp model more portable.  Jimmy had a moment to set with his Grandfather alone to share the boy’s discovery of the giant Geode.  He told Jimmy his Father was the first person to discover it under that tree after the night the Bear cub treed him.  We have been keeping that secret since.  Jimmy asked his Grandfather if that was the treasure, he intended them to find.  Grandfather said in part, a greater treasure is yet to be revealed. But that will wait until their guests have left.  Why don’t we share your adventure about finding the Geode?
When Jimmy asked when, Grandfather said, “Why not now, the ladies are done with kitchen duty, and Mr. Wilks could be rescued from Denny.  I am sure that Denny has Roger’s Father just nodding his head agreeing he understands everything Denny is telling him. Mr. Wilks is a bright fellow. Denny, now that is another kind of brightness.  That boy will blind the world one day with his brightness, and you can count on it.” 
Grandfather Tom called everyone together around the fire pit, where the adults had brought lawn chairs to be comfortable on.  Terri and Susy where willing to try out a stump the boys had set up for them. Grandfather Tom had his favorite camp chair to relax in.  The Twins had gotten out the last bag of marshmallows, grand crackers, and chocolate bars to make smores.  A tradition around any campfire.  Then Grandfather had Jimmy to select the boy best to tell the story of Jakes rescue. The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club agreed Jimmy was the best storyteller.  Before he could start the Sheriff pulled up in the Squad car with Aunt Nellie, and Dr. Mom. Sheriff pulled out of the trunk Two  camp chairs, and a folding rocker for Aunt Nellie.
Sorry we are late, had a press conference regarding Jake Lake and Tommy Lee.  I told them Tommy Lee, and Jake Lake had been spotted in the woods near, and we were able to round them up.  I informed them  that Tommy had Jake in shackles as his prisoner, and Jake is in the Hospital now.  Dr. Capp gave a statement regarding Tommy Lee’s mental health before and during Jakes ordeal.  You should have heard her lay into the first reporter who suggested Tommy Lee was a dangerous teen needs to be locked up and the key thrown away. Sersha, give the reporters a lecture on how, when a ten your old boy is beaten and abused by a drunk Father for 7 years. Do not expect that child to walk away an angel.  He should have never been sent to Juvenile detention where he was threaten by the kind of authority that abused him.  He should have been in an observation program at the regional county psych ward evaluated and treated appropriately.  Where he is now, getting help in a secured Hospital setting not locked up in a sterile room with armed guards in the hall. She had the reporter crying on his note pad.  Did I miss anything Sersha?”
“No Dear, you covered everything.”  The sheriff helped Aunt Nellie set her rocker up made her comfy with a blanket over her lap against the cool night air.  Dr. Capp made her rounds greeting the adults. Then rested her eyes on Charley about ready to much on a smore’s. Charley with guilt hid it behind his back.  “Well, boy if you don’t want it, I could take it. I am sure there is more smores you can fix for yourself.”  Charley gladly handed over his smores to his Mother and started more smores. Dr. Capp settled her chair at the fire pit next to Denny. Always the watchful eye on this little chick.
Grandfather announced Jimmy as the spokesperson for the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club and would share with us the last adventures these boys had. Okay Jimmy the floors yours, or rather the dirt is. He joked and sat down.  “The boys had asked me to start the story at the time when we left basecamp on an overnight hike to camp two. Some 2 hours or more  on foot.  Grandfather had planned it surprising us with the overnight. He even made a treasure hunt with clues on the way to Bear Tree.  Bear Tree is a tree that my farther when he was just sixteen climbed up to avoid the rising waters when a summer storm sent a deluge of water down Rainbow stream that flows just a few yards from here coming from the South and flowing into the Apply Valley North of here.   Well to make it short Dad was on his first solo camping trip.  So, got caught off guard when he camped out under that tree which sat on a mound of earth. Where the stream flowed around that mound.” 
During that night, the water rose fast from storm a county away. Stranded he used debris to build a tree stand in the tree to get up higher as the water kept rising. During the night, a downed tree came down stream and ended up at the island stuck.  On the downed tree was a mature bear cub.  Well one thing led to another, that Bear cub managed to climb up that tree and my Father climbed higher, while the cub settled on the tree stand, and slept. A day or more later the waters receded, and the cub hearing his Mother in the woods calling him left that tree, joined her and his brother cub.  The bears headed north back home.  Not long after that Grandfather and searchers found my Father standing on that mound. That tree still stands on the mound today and you can still see what remains of the tree stand.  Dad told his Father the story on how that Bear treed him.  Hence the name Bear Tree.”
“Two nights ago, Grandfather by a note told us he had an adventure for us a treasure hunt, with clues, and puzzles. With a map he had instructions for us to follow the stream north to Bear tree, where he had set up camp #2 for our overnight stay.  To cut the story short at this point, we followed the map, found the clues, and solved the puzzles which led us to a wonderful find, a family secret.  At Bear Tree and the mound, it sits on, under that mound is a Giant Geode. A secret my Father found that morning after he climbed down the tree, when the bears left.  Well you can imagine our surprise when our treasure hunt led to the Geode under the mound.  It is 15 x 8-foot hollow inside, and with the most amazing crystals. Some as long as arms and as big around as the sheriff’s thighs. Show them boys”.
One by one the boys pulled out of their backpacks some of the crystals that where found on the floor of the cave.  Their samples where as large as a loaf of bread.  In the fire light the air around them sparked with fairy’s flying around of every color in the rainbow.  Then they passed the crystals around., The Wilks, Mrs. Walker, and the girls where speechless as they exampled the crystals. Aunt Nellie was equally amazed.  The Sheriff and Dr. Mom, example the crystals the Twins gave them. They agreed it was a wonder indeed.
Jimmy continued his story. We sat in that cave for hours just as stunned as you are now.  We discovered the sun was setting so left the Geode, blocking off entrance to the inside. We headed to camp #2 and that is where we discovered where Jake was being held hostage my Tommy Lee.  They were having a nasty argument, which we heard long before we saw the camp. We turned around fast and headed back to the Geode where we hid out. While in hiding, Jake Lake in shackles approached the stream with a bucket to get fresh water, alone and weak he fainted and fell in the stream, we rushed out of the Geode and pulled him out, took him back to the Geode, and took care of him. That following morning, we realized that Tommy Lee was still at camp #2 and would soon be about looking for Jake. We set a trap for him.  With Jake and Roger still in the Geode. Charley and Denny and I were behind the mound. Roy was in the woods at the foot of that Trail that led to camp #2, At the stream, Charley and Denny started up a ruckus that brought Tommy out of the woods approaching the mound. Then Jake started screaming on cue, ‘I am hurt help me over and over again’, we lured Tommy to the Geodes entrance. Where Roger dove out of the cave just as Tommy was looking in it. He tackled Tommy to the ground then Roy and I from our hiding places joined Denny and Charley to also tackle Tommy to pin him down while Roger with his belt tied Tommy’s hand up.  Then Jake literally crawled out of the Geode and put those shackles, which  Denny manage to get off Jakes feet earlier and snapped them on Tommy ankles. Then shouted, “Shackle me will you, you bully.” Then Jake passed out.
Our two ways Radios didn’t work for some reason or another. Denny said could be the Geode interfering with them. So, we made a stretcher for Jake, with blankets from Camp #2 and started back to basecamp with Tommy in tow until we were able to contact Grandfather on our radios.  The rest is history.  Oh, Roger did not want me to say this, but it was his plan to set the trap. Well, I guess that is the condensed version.  Jake can you tell you what led up to him and Tommy being at camp #2 since they left Juvey. 
Grandfather stood clapping his hands, hooting “Five cheers for the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, another rescue under their Belt.”  Everyone stood cheering the boys. 
The Sheriff, before the visitors left he told Jimmy it would be best officially that the boys one by one in writing put down as much details as possible from the time you found the two at camp #2, and what transpired until we showed up.  I know it sounds like homework but as sheriff I need it for my report.  Just one thing for Tommy Lee’s sake, try not to stress to negatively the bizarre behavior toward Jake, and that behavior after your captured him.  The public will do enough damage as it is. Dr. Capp is on one of her campaigns on his behalf.  Just do not have any pre judgements, or post judgement.  Just as you just told it with less dramatic flair.  Also, that Geode is just a cave in your reports, you understand.”
“Yes Sheriff.” Jimmy went over to visit with Aunt Nellie, who was gathering the Twins, Denny, and Roger together. With the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club all together, Aunt Nellie proudly announced. 
“Well, boy’s, it seems you have done it again, and had a Wild and Woolly Adventure without me. I am so proud of all you.  You have shown courage in the face of uncertainties and raisen to the challenge with bravery, against difficult odds.  Tommy Lee was certainly unhinged, the poor boy the way his Father treated him, one can understand why he did what he did to Jake Lake.  I'm glad he didn’t get his hands-on you boys. I am also jealous, you boys have had a much better adventure then I have ever had. I may have had some Wild and Woolley times in my days.  But I have never had to face kidnappers, helped the FBI catch some very dangerous men.  Though I did once face an avalanche in the Himalaya’s once, if it were not for the Sherpa Guide and his quick reflexes shoving me under that overhang, why I would not be here today.”
Roy had to ask.  “What happened to the guide Aunt Nellie, did he get caught under all that snow and freeze to death?”
“Dear boy, heavens no.  He jumped on his snow board and road the avalanche down to the summit of Mt. Everest.” Aunt Nellie stood there with a serious expression on her face.  Gave the boys a moment to think. “I’m joking boys, he jumped behind me as a ton of snow passed over his back. When the last of the snow passed down the mountain.  He picked me up and carried me piggyback on down the mountain cursing under his breath about stupid gray-haired ladies having “Wild and Woolley” adventures.” She paused, “Got you boys.” Laughing.
The boy’s moaned, if they had not seen her scrapbook with a picture of her at the summit of Mt. Everest, they would have  believed her about the snowboarding Sherpa guide.  Aunt Nellie loved to embellish her adventures. “Listen, boys no more adventures tonight, I don’t think my heart can survive another. You enjoy your last night camping and I will see you back at the Boat house tomorrow.” Hugging each of the boys, she made her exit, her heart filled with pride.
***
With all the visitors gone, Grandfather Tom had the boys tidy up the camp, then settled them around the fire pit once again.  Handed out the last of the soda’s, and cookies. They sat there drinking their soda’s and munching on Oatmeal Cookies, watching the fire crackle and spit sparks with Grandfather Tom.  The air was crisp and clear, the stars above brighter than ever. The night sounds louder than ever.  The stream was singing a lullaby to the boys. It was a perfect night. “Who, who” the owl agreed. “Who, who” got a cookie for me.  Charley spooked, stood, and threw a cookie at the Owl in his tree.
“Darn that bird, spoil a good moment of reflection will he”. Then he settled back down on his stump.
“Boys”, Grandfather spoke, “I know it can be a sad end of the day when you consider its your last night out here camping. I am sorry we had to cut it a bit short.  I had a last puzzle for you planned for that last night in camp. No reason why I cannot share it now. It is an easy puzzle to solve once you reflect on the clue. The original Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, at your age had a similar week of camping on their own. I too, had gave them a treasure hunt much like yours. Though they didn’t face the perils you have. The treasure they were to find was not the Geode as it had not yet been discovered by my son a few years later. Though it was my intention to have you find it on your own with this version of the Treasure hunt. The real purpose of the treasure hunt was not the Geode.  The real Treasure can be found here in the basecamp.
The last clue is this, somewhere, in this camp, you will find your last puzzle. Where you least expect it to be sitting. “One plus One, then Two plus One together, where there’s a passage begun”.  I will take the Quad back to the Farmhouse for the night. I prefer my warm soft bed then a cold hard ground.   Just don’t tell your folks I chickened out and went home. It will be our secret. I will return bright and early.”
Grandfather left the boys alone. The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club sat there, for what seemed a long time before anyone spoke. Roy, usually the poorest of them in math, broke the silence.  “It is Five”.
“How do you figure that”, his Twin challenged.
Roy counted on his figures. “One plus One, Jimmy and Roger, Two, the twins, plus one, is Denny.  Together adds up to Five”.
“That right Roy”, Denny catching on, “Where you least expecting it to be sitting,” means all of us in camp.”
Roger asked, “Where there’s a passage begun”, I do not understand is there a tunnel under here?”
“I don’t think so”, Said Jimmy.
Charley asked, “Does Grandfather mean a Trail where it begins.”
“No, Charley, Grandfather Tom said it was right here in camp. The Trail to the stream starts outside of camp, the Trail from the river stops here outside of camp.” Denny explained.
“Then what kind of passage does Grandfather mean.” Asked Jimmy.
The boys went silent deep in thought. Then Roger spoke up. “Passage can mean many things, like a passage in a poem or a book describing something. Also, like a Trail it has a beginning and an ending. Grandfather said, “a passage begun” Begun as in starting but not ending. What kind of Passage starts but never ends?”
Denny came up with an answer, a journey or adventure, but an adventure eventually ends.  A journey may take a long time before it ends.” Denny got up and ran to his tent, coming back with his tablet.  Powering up, he used his dictionary App to look up the definition of Passage. Then shared what he found. It says here that a passage in this sense is an event marking an important stage in someone’s life, especially a birth, puberty, marriage, and death.  A novel that depicts the state of adolescence and the rites of passage that lead to adulthood.”
***
Morning came early for the boys, they woke up with a new outlook on life. They were becoming adults. The real treasure was not finding the Geode. The real treasure was the “Rite of Passage” the journey a youth takes to become an adult. The boys talked much last night about how far the journey in life had taken them, their experiences.  Jimmy spoke of his Father’s death, and how he has learned to accept it as a fact, that death was an ending of his Father’s passage in life.  He still misses him but has learned to look forward to his own journey, not backwards.  The Twins reflected on how the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club is an important part of their journey, having loyal friends to stand by them through thick and thin putting up with their quirks. Roger related that he learned that he did not need to put up with bullies, that through friendship united together he overcame his insecurities. Found that inner strength to believe in himself to look danger in the face with the kind of courage that led him to rescue Denny from his kidnapper. When he had to jump out of a Giant Geode and tackle Tommy Lee, having trust and faith in his friends that they would be there to aid him in that folly. 
Denny spoke of his challenges having Autism, that he was fortunate to have Aunt Nellie in his life, his cousins, and the friends who accepted him, encouraged him to rise above his challenges not to let them limit him. He also shared Jimmy’s feelings about Death. Though he was too young to remember his Mother.  Her death, and his Father’s death, who he never knew, have been a “Rite of Passage” for him as well. If not for family and friends that passage would have been difficult for him.  
Jimmy added that having a belief that there was a good side to Jake Lake, that second chances are important to offer the open hand of friendship. 
Then Roy capped off the night with these last sentiments, “Though we may not always be able to pick out our parents at birth, as loving as they are with the ones we have, nor be as lucking to have an Aunt like Aunt Nellie, with her Wild and Woolley Adventures.  We are lucking to have picked the best friends ever.  Having them at your back when peril comes, to have great adventures of our own. To having our friends there in our grief, though sickness, and good health. To know that we are keeping a tradition, the second generation of Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, the best ever.  May the next generation be challenged to find any better friends for life. Five cheers to the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.”  The boys stood, and gave Five cheers to Jimmy Walker, Roger Wilks, Charley Capp, Roy Capp, and Denny McKelly. Out of the night air, another cheer, came, “Who, Who”. The boys shouted, The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, that is Who.
The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club where to have many of adventures in the years to come. Jake Lake had recovered from his ordeal.  Given the circumstance of that ordeal, the juvenile court dismissed his charges, when the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club stood as character witnesses for him convincing the court he had reformed as a bully and was genuinely sorry for his actions. The judge was confused at first as why the boys would stand up for Jake, as they were the principal plaintiffs in the case.  After learning of their involvement in Jakes rescue from Tommy Lee’s abuse and where instrumental in saving his life.  He could not find any cause to continue the case against Jake Lake. Later that night in a ceremony at the Boat house.  The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club became the Six, Jake the newest member.
In another ceremony at City Hall, The Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club  and others, were honored by the Mayor for their bravery and courage when facing adversity.  Roger got a Gold Medal for rescuing Denny from his kidnapper. Jimmy a Gold medal for his leadership of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club shadows that led up to that rescues.  Roy got a Gold medal too, for having kept a cool head at a time of peril.  Charley got his Gold medal for his skills in first aid and saving Jake Lakes life.  Jake Lake, a Gold medal for his courage and endurance in surviving his own kidnapping. For crawling out of the cave deathly ill and putting the very shackles his kidnapper had used on him, on the Kidnappers own ankles, then passing out. The medal was engraved on the back with this simple phrase, “Shackle me will you, you bully”.  A testament to Jakes courage to reform his wayward ways.  Billy Sikes, and the 30 boys, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club Shadows, where rewarded with smaller Gold medals for teamwork in finding Denny and his kidnappers’ location. 
Now you might think that the Mayor had forgotten Denny, you would be wrong.  He saved the best for last.  Calling Denny McKelly up to the podium, he presented Denny with a Gold Key to the City of Grand Apple Valley Junction.  Not just for his own endurance and courage during his kidnapping, nor for his involvement in Jake Lakes rescue.  He got the Gold Key to the city, for opening up the hearts of the community with his compassion, his loyalty to his family and friends. For opening the eyes of city to the prejudice of narrow-minded people who saw his Autism as something to fear.  For showing that though challenged with his Spectrum of Autism he was still a boy, with dreams, hopes, and an innate wisdom beyond his years. A technological savant not limited by his Autism.  He was made an honorary Mayor for life.  The Mayor joking, “Just don’t run against me next election, I don’t think I would have a chance to win against you.”
This brings us to a close of this chapter in the Rite of Passage of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club.  Though not the end of their journey.   Aunt Nellie and Denny decide what to do with his inheritance, to liquidate Denny’s estate holdings in Nantucket, in favor of many of the disgruntled distant relatives of his Father back in Nantucket. They sold at a discount to those relatives that could afford the properties, and other properties to local buyers. Except one lonely lodge they discovered Denny owned in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. This Denny kept. The large Bank account and investments they held on too as well.  Aunt Nellie, and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club would visit the lodge next summer for a new adventure in the “The Mystery of Copper Ore Lodge” 
###
