A Wolf’s Girl’s Diary 
Edenia Series
By Beth Hoyer
Copyright Smashwords 2020

This is the diary of one Elizabeth Zeskaya as told without the commentary by the Hayu included with.                       
           
Chapter One Diary Starts

January 6, 2001 Monday
"To Lisha, 
Happy nineteenth birthday, I hope you have a wonderful Birthday. I hope you use this journal for your imaginations.
Love Mom"

I can't believe I finally have a journal.  I've wanted this journal since I saw it in the museum store in New York City.  Oh, Mom and I took a train trip to New York City on Saturday in December to visit one of their museums. I wanted this special journal because I like Ancient Egypt. I didn’t have enough money to buy this journal and this Egyptian pen of a pharaoh too. I brought the pen instead.  I'm so excited to write in here. Lisha is a nickname from my name Elizabeth. This is a brand new journal about over six hundred pages long. I found the inscription written by my mother Marina Zeskaya. 
The journal is in my favorite color blue with golden writing in Ancient Egyptian graphics that translates: “Ra is between you and harm in all the empty places where you must walk.” 
 I also got a set of ten blue ink pens, which I got today from my mother as a birthday gift. This journal is small enough for my purse that I brought at a store in a mall with a lot of great stuff. The purse is a pink trailblazer back pack. It is smaller than a regular school backpack. One day mom and I went to a mall and I saw this pink backpack and brought it along with items for our train trip to New York City. I brought walking sneakers, thick black sweatpants, and a blue coat. I like the color blue. 
 I'm glad that I can write down my thoughts whenever I want to.  I plan to write a lot but I tend to be a bit on the lazy side and might be skipping days whenever I write in here.  
Mom and I went to New York City to visit one of their museums. We took the train from New Haven to New York City. It was a great trip. At NYC mom and I went to a museum and explored it. I mostly enjoyed the Egyptian exhibit and the stores selling souvenirs. I went in a store and I saw this journal and wanted it but I also wanted to buy an Egyptian pen with a Pharaoh Head on it. 
Mom must have brought the journal when my back was turned because I saw her buying me something and she told me “This was for your birthday at home.”
Home is in Hamden, Connecticut.    
Let me introduce myself my name is Elizabeth Alina Zeskaya and I am deaf.  I do have some hearing in my left ear that I can hear when I put a radio up near my ear. I don't mind being deaf for I can talk, lip-read and I know sign language which a language talked with the hands. I'm an only child and the only one deaf in my family. I wear hearing aids because I'm deaf, which is a hearing loss.  
Mom claims “You’re named after Elizabeth who was a classmate of mine who died before you were born.” 
I have blue eyes and blond hair but I don’t like my hair. I have to keep it up because my Mom thinks “You don’t brush your hair right.”  
I think like always “My eyes are green/blue.” but my Dad “I insist their blue!” 
My blond hair is so pale that I was considered an albino. 
Actually it was a joke in high school, people would come up to me and ask me “You were an albino?” but the doctor I went to tells me “You’re not an albino.” 
Good thing because some people in high school were teasing me. 
It took me several weeks of begging my parents “Just let me go to a doctor to see if I was an albino!” 
My parents thought “You were fine.” but “I wanted a doctor’s appointment to see if I was an albino.”  
I went and the doctor took one look at me and told me “You’re not an albino but someone who looked like was from California with your long pale blonde hair.” 
“I was shocked at that California comment” I said. 
My parents somehow told me “We were right that you weren’t an albino.” 
“I admitted right then and there kids in school were teasing me for looking like an albino.” I said
Doctor said “Tell them you’re from California.”
That was before my parents abruptly divorced. I have no idea why they divorced. They wouldn’t tell me. 
Dad told me “This was our business and it was not your fault that we divorced.” Dad (Alexei Zesky) told me the reason “I and Mom couldn’t get along was we stopped being in love with each other.” 
Today I turn nineteen years old as a student in college who has a couple week breaks for the semester. Northwestern Technical College has a great deaf program that I'm glad about. Their program offers interpreters in sign language, tutors and note takers for the deaf and disabled. The college is the college I’m currently going while in Port Monaco, Connecticut.
As for my birthday, Mom came over to Dad’s house and it was Mom’s idea “You live with Dad in Hamden.” because she claims “Dad could provide for you.” 
I say claims because Dad and I have been fighting lately. 
Arguing about my choice for college, “I want Port Monaco’s Northwestern Technical College!”
Dad saying when “I want you to go to one in a town called Wolf’s Howl near Gramma and Grampa Najinov, Mom’s parents.” but “I wanted to go to Port Monaco for their deaf college where I live in a rented room in someone’s house.” 
I think I wanted the rented room out of spiting dad for him trying to get me to take classes at Wolf University in the Adirondack area of the state of New York that takes six hours to drive from Hamden, Connecticut to Wolf’s Howl’s area. 
Mom watched me open gifts from dad which were two shirts in my favorite color blues “I thanked dad for the shirts.” 
The kitties Victoria and Demeter named after two characters from a musical were interested in the wrapping paper. Their antics were funny watching them play with the wrapping paper that I found myself laughing. Which reminds me, of a funny cat memory; one time the tub was full of water and Demeter jumped in the tub. I think she did that without knowing that there was water in the tub, poor kitty. The water scared her that she jumped out so fast. Boy she sure looked scared. Mom and I gave Victoria a bath once for fleas. We wound up having to chase her all over the house just to dry her. That happened awhile before my parents divorced.  I also find the kitties Vicky and Demi look cute when they sit in the bathroom sink. I took a picture of Vicky sitting in the bathroom sink once.  
After opening the gifts from Dad, Mom took me to her large two room apartment home, in Winsted and I opened gifts from her. I got crew-necked sweaters and chocolate candy and this journal. It was hard to hide my disappointment in mom. Whenever I wear a crew neck top I feel a gagging sensation, so I started wearing rugby tops and "V" neck tops. I guess I would have to adjust the tops by cutting "V" in the collar areas.  As for the shirts from Dad, one was rugby and the other was zipper necked with a crew neck collar. The candy I received from Mom was chocolate which I love, yum.  Then Mom drove me to Gramma’s, her Mother's house some time away. I really hate it when it takes so long to get to Gramma Nadjinova's house.  Gramma lives in a forest area of Wolf’s Howl, New York. It was great seeing Gramma and Grampa Nadjinov.  From Gramma and Grampa, I got earrings, money, and clothes. The clothes were a turtleneck sweater from my aunt Svetlana. I also got a "V"-neck T-shirt of a wolf on it from my cousin Mahalia who goes by the name Zoya in our family, who's few months older than me. Svetlana who is her mother insists on this, don’t ask me why. Zoya is hearing and is going to a college in Wolf’s Howl.  I got zippered sweaters from Gramma plus some money from Grampa. All right thanks for listening. The money will go to the bank in my checking account. It’s saved for my rented room near the college I go in Port Monaco.  The earrings were a set of twenty pierced earrings, a big deal for me. I have pierced ears and I'm constantly trying to find earrings to wear. I'm very picky on what I put in my ears.  I had for dinner, which was one of my favorite tator tots and chicken nuggets. I got a Vanilla cake, a Russian tradition in my family. Don't ask me who started the tradition or why we do it. It's traditionally given on holidays and birthdays. 
I asked Gramma “Why you give that vanilla cake?” when I was a little kid a toddler I think was my age. 
She wouldn't tell me told me "Lisha I'll tell you when the time is right but not today." 
Oh well another mystery. 
As for the cake I made a wish I'm not telling and blew out the candles but I’m telling into here “I wished for a boyfriend to kiss.”  
Cousin Zoya had her nose in a book. She's reading of those books about astronomy like obsessed with becoming an astronaut. I already read that book and found it boring. Then Mom drove me home to Dad's house and didn't stay long before going home. My best friend from High School, Suzanna "Sue" Lien came over. We squealed of joy when we saw each other. We're really close like sisters.  She gave me a video of our favorite five girl pop band that we watched it together. The best thing was the music video was closed captioned which I loved. Then after the video Suzanna went home for it was quite late around 11pm. I had a very nice birthday and felt it was great. I feel turning nineteen is okay with starting twenty hood next year. It's sad that it's my last year as a teenager. I guess I better enjoy being nineteen as I can. I might as well write the journal entries as a series of letters to Anne because it’s the name of my favorite tutor at college. I figured I might as well dedicate the letters to her for helping me so much in my class work.  

January 7 2001 Sunday  
Dear Anne, 

 Today I worked at the local department store called Bradlees working there once a week on Sundays doing an eight hour 9am to 5pm shifts. I'll be watching my favorite soap opera during the week days. I managed to set up my schedule so I’ll be able to watch the soap opera at home. If they assign me hours for me to work during the soap opera, when I don’t have college then I’ll set the TV and tape it, I also do the same if I have a tutor or class scheduled around that time. I think since it’s my college vacation that I'm sure I'll be assigned more work hours. I'm not sure but I'll have to wait and see. I can't guarantee this because two years of working there is quite a long time working at the store.
 Here’s some information on Sue who is a fellow employee and a great friend.  She has almost black colored brown hair and almond shaped brown eyes almost Asian like looking. She wears her shoulder length hair mostly down with bangs in her face. My hair is longer and nearly down my waist. I prefer to wear it up in a ponytail just to get it out of my face. I wonder how she does it. I can't stand to have hair on my face so it's up a lot.  Sue's been my best friend since freshman year at High school. We met during soccer practice. We were on the High School soccer team. I was doing my stretching exercises when she came up to me and I remember her telling me this:
She said "Hi, I could use a friend."
I replied "Sure." 
She became my friend, I'm not sure why but I guess we saw each other as a great person and became friends. 
I suspected it was arranged between our parents because I lip read Mom talking on the phone, awhile before Dad and her divorced, “Lin, just send your daughter to the school and make sure she friends my daughter.” then Sue came to the school as a new student. 
I was told from some soccer teammates “This Sue Lin has been asking a lot of questions about you. Mostly such as what are your interests and your classes schedule is.” 
 We both played four years of high school playing soccer that I received a high school jacket. 
Sometimes during work, Sue and I often will have chats and sometimes laughing about things in life. We mostly talked about boys, such as a five all boy bands, soap opera hunks and clothe such what Sue and I got for our birthdays. Sue is nice to be friends with. I didn't do much at the store and I felt quite bored. I was wandering around like a customer looking at things instead of looking alert waiting for a customer to come up to me. 
Oh I wear a red apron that says “How may I help you?” 
This is a requirement for employees. I had customers come up to me today and ask me for something. I did my best to help them but today they were mainly interested in the bathroom. 
I got questions from customers asking me this: "hi where's the bathroom?" 
Over and over again, most of them were parents with kids that looked like they had to go themselves. What a pity. I don't know if I would be a mother someday. It's interesting I guess. 
Oh I forgot to mention that Sue's nineteenth birthday was on January fifth. I gave her a video of her favorite five-girl pop band which she also gave me the same video for my birthday. We really didn't spend the whole day together. We had a conversation about that on the phone with me on the TTY a phone that’s like a typewriter for the deaf. Sue is hearing so she uses a relay operator to call me so I can use the TTY to talk to her. Some of our conversation I remember was: 
Sue: "I didn't pass some tests in classes. I've been feeling sick lately." 
Me: "Oh I hope you feel better. Remember I'm always there for you."
Sue:  "Thanks for being my friend."
Me: "Me too". 
Sue: "So I spent my birthday doing tests at Northwestern for the winter session classes."
Me: "I'm hoping that you'll do well next semester." 
Sue: "Me too."
Me: "Sorry to hear about that."
Sue: "After the test my boyfriend Kurt took me out to eat at a fancy restaurant."
Me: "Good for you."
Sue: "He gave me a Pearl Necklace. My mother when she saw it said ‘That wasn’t real.’"
Me: "How outrageous of your mother. Anyway it was good to get something thoughtful"
 Lucky Sue because she has a boyfriend and I don't. Humph. 
I admit the TTY had a print out that printed most of the conversation down. 
Then awhile after the phone call, Dad told me this “”Your Mom called and told me she was coming over tomorrow. Lisha, your mother is coming over tomorrow at two o’clock. Look for her." 
Me: "Okay dad." 
Oh good I can't wait to see her.  
I confess I spent the days when Sue wasn't working in the break room. I cheated a bit and had an hour for my two required breaks. I work for eight hours and I get three break times. Two fifteen minute breaks and a thirty minute break for lunch. I confess I sometimes cheat by doing an hour break two times. I haven't been caught yet but I'm waiting to be caught. I wonder why I haven't been caught yet. It's very weird. I guess it's the boss Leslie Sasa. 
She's been repeatedly asking me “Are you sick or something?” 
Am I that pale or what? I looked in the mirror and I don't look like I'm tanned. I look like someone who's tired with circles under my eyes. I think Mrs. Sasa knows I'm goofing off but I think she's letting me get away with it. She was firm with other employees goofing off. 
Sue told me once I finished a shift “I heard our manager firing an employee for goofing off while wearing oversized men’s khaki pants and going around them like a clown when she caught that employee.” 
 I’m tired. I need some sleep. I might as well go to bed now. I stayed up too long.   

Yours truly,
Elizabeth


January 9, 2001 Tuesday 
Dear Anne,  

Yesterday Mom didn’t come. I spent most of the day shivering outside in my warmest clothes freezing my “seatie” (Mom’s term) off in the cold on the porch steps waiting for Mom. It’s because Dad’s house isn’t equipped with a doorbell sensor. 
Dad kept “I promise you that I’ll get a doorbell sensor light that would go off whenever the doorbell would ring.” 
I was still sitting outside when Dad came home around five o’clock from work. 
Dad called Mom “Your daughter spent hours sitting outside waiting for you! I’m furious to find out why you balked coming for your daughter!”
Dad wouldn’t tell me why Mom didn’t show up despite me asking him “What’s going on with my mom?”
I lip read dad saying instead of voicing his words “Just something to do with a religious ritual she couldn’t pass up.” 
I suspect it’s the reason why my parents divorced. Mom is a believer of New Age religion called Wicca while Dads believing in something else that he refused to explain to me. It explains the candles in Mom’s apartment. She has them scattered all over her apartment. Oh on my birthday Mom made me make a wolf head drawing on a big blue candle and light it while saying some words in Mom’s native language of Romania. I had no idea of what the words were.  Just a little background, is that her family Gramma and Grampa Najinov at first came from Russia to Romania where Mom was born. Then they moved to America to Connecticut to live and that’s where Mom met my Dad in college.
Dad added “I wasn’t very pleased. Excuse me while I make a phone call.” 
He was practically yelling on the phone that I couldn’t lip read him except snatches of him telling someone “Lisha spent the day outside waiting for her mother to show up......She didn’t show up on an account of a ritual involving religion she couldn’t pass up!.....” 
As a result I wound up going to bed early. 
I spent some of today resting. I had a weird dream of a white wolf. The dream was that I was surrounded by clouds while on a mountain top and then a white wolf came to me from behind me. I turned around to see the white wolf sitting there staring at me. Then the wolf walked into the clouds and disappeared. I woke up to feel claws on me from one of the kittens kneading my stomach. Humph damn cat!
 Mom being very religious would consider the dream an omen, weird. I was well enough to walk to the bank in a grocery store to deposit my birthday money. I'm glad to earn money. I love it when I get money and I hate it when I'm greedy.  I brought two magazines one about soap operas and the other about famous people in Hollywood. I buy both magazines every week because I love reading them. Then I walked home. Since it snowed last night I wore my boots while my feet felt like heavy blocks.  
At home I read my two magazines before the soap opera came on. As I looked out the window, I saw Mom's car pulling in the driveway. I turned the TV off and opened the front door to let her in. It was great seeing mom. I'm so glad I looked out the window. Mom came in to warm herself. 
“I apologized for not showing up.” but wouldn’t tell me why when I pressed her with question “Why what’s going on with you?”  
Mom said “I suggested you come along to go shopping.” 
Shopping is one of my favorite things to do. I love to spend money on things when I should be saving my money.   
First mom drove the car to a museum in New Haven. 
“I didn’t want to go to a boring museum I whined.” but Mom said “I insisted that we go anyway.” 
We looked at the Dinosaur skeletons including life models of animals from the pass millenniums ago. 
During the looking Mom kept saying “I want to tell you something.”
She kept saying that like a broken record trying to tell me something but we kept getting interrupted by a security guy with some white streak in his hair and a weird mean look on his face. 
The security guy said “I keep insisting on looking through your big black bag!” like he was purposely interrupting us.
Then we went shopping at the museum store with the security guy following us and spying on us, really rude. I brought a pen with rocks in it, like a gem pen. Then we went to one of Mom’s favorite stores that sell fabric. Mom loves fabrics and she’s always buying them to make scarves, and skirts too. After that Mom drove me home as Dad pulled up while Mom was leaving. I saw Dad make a rude sign with his fingers in sign language as Mom drove away. I think he’s still mad that I was outside all day yesterday. 
 I watched two TV shows on TV with Dad. They were about wolves. 
Dad told me “I insisted you watch them.” 
They were on an animal channel. 
I saw the wolves which I noticed no commercials indicated a taped status as after that was done I said “I admitted to you that I liked wolves.” 
Dad opened his mouth saying “I want to tell you something involving the Amula.”
Unsure of what the word Amula meant other than amulet. He was about to tell me something but the phone rang and went to answer it. 
Dad was yelling onto the phone “She deserves to know….She should be told period……”
I wound up hit with a compulsion to go to bed which I obeyed.
I think I'll go to bed now. I'm feeling really tired. I had an exhausting day. I haven't slept much because of breathing through my mouth. My nose oddly got clogged up which is strange for I usually don't get a stuffed nose.  Because of the mouth breathing I've been keeping a bottle of water on my night stand next to my bed.  I find I've been drinking lots of water during the night. I also had wake ups in the early hours of the morning too. I suspect it had something to do with sitting outside in the snow all day yesterday. Humph. 
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth


January 10, 2001 Wednesday 
Dear Anne, 

Today I went to a library where Dad works.  He came home for lunch at noon and he took me to his work. 
I asked last night “Dad if I could go with you to the library?” 
One thing I hated was missing was unknowingly a love scene between my favorite character Lucky and his girlfriend Elizabeth.  No joke her name really is Elizabeth. I wonder sometimes if Mom really named me after the Elizabeth in the soap opera Mom watched for years. I guess I have to hope there will be another love scene later.  I went online the computer at the library. That's where Dad works as an assistant Librarian. The computer internet here is faster than our service at home. By the way our service at home is lousy. It takes five minutes to load up my e-mail account site.  I don’t have the patience to wait five minutes to check my e-mail. I prefer the library’s computers. So I was glad I got to check out my two e-mail accounts. One account I share with friends and family and the other is for strangers. I don't like to give out my e-mail to strangers. 
I got mostly junk email and stuff about the website such as a website about wolves which Dad “I insisted you read that website.” 
I just don’t get it why Dad is pushing this wolf business on me. He also started pushing “This story about skin walkers’ people who can change into wolves or any animal which is dubbed Amula.” I found that talk weird. 
 I found a lot of web sites online on my interests, such as gymnastics and a TV show which I watch a lot.  Dad tapes the episodes and I watch the videos. The show is on at a late hour on Saturday nights. 
“You should be in bed.” Mom's suggestion Dad enforces “I insist you go to bed.” on Saturday night to tape the episodes and I watch the videos after work. 
I had a snack of chocolate candy and soda one of my favorite snacks in Dad's office. It's an unhealthy snack but I had cravings for chocolate. I checked out the local college's gymnasium a short walk from the library and I saw some of the women's college gymnasts. I didn't see them do any gymnastics because they were busy stretching. I do hope if I have kids, I would want them to be gymnasts. I love the sport of gymnastics. It's my favorite sport I went back to the library and I typed a journal entry on the computer. 
I could type more but Dad came and told me “The time was time to go home.” 
I managed to save the journal entry on disk.  I hope I can still nose breathe as I sleep tonight. 
I've been feeling cranky all day that dad asked me this "Lisha, Why are you being cranky?"
Me: "Oh I didn't sleep well"
I watched a TV show at nine o’clock The TV show is in its final season. I didn't want to miss it.
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth 


January 11, 2001 Thursday 
Dear Anne, 

A cat Demeter I think slept on my bed with me. Demi usually sleeps on the bed with me for warmth. I'm sure it was Demi. I fell asleep a few times after waking up.  I have been tired lately. I don't know why. I guess I'm really not a morning person. I'm more like an afternoon person for I’m wider awake. Dad and I went to the nearby mall. I had fun walking around shopping that I brought a paperback book and some earrings. I felt like I really should spend time with Sue but she's busy. She is taking make up classes to make up schoolwork because she failed some classes at Northwestern.  I wonder why. Makes me wonder what’s going on. Sue wouldn’t tell me why she’s not doing well. I did well in college so I don't have to make up any classes. Sue and I plan to take three classes next semester. They are mostly focused on writing. I liked to write stories and I always wanted to become an author of books someday.  Dad and I ate lunch at the mall and we walked around a lot. It was good to get exercise for the legs. After the mall, Dad and I went home then Dad went to work. It was nice of him to take several hours off to spend time with me.  I watched my favorite soap opera that it's my favorite. I like one character named Lucky the most. Sue knows I got a crush on the actor who plays Lucky.  I could ask for his autograph via mail.  
By the way the news annoyingly interrupted the soap opera to say “There’s a flu-virus epidemic happening in Massachusetts spread by an angry madman with a gun and a bed sheet covering him robs department stores spreads the epidemic.” 
I hate it when the news interrupts my soap opera. Ugh it annoys me to no end when the news interrupts soap operas for stuff that they could wait till the news hour for this. Glad I live down south in Connecticut. So there should be no problem of getting sick. I really hope not. I don't know what would happen to my parents if I got sick because I’m an only child.  
Sue, who called, whom I'm grateful because after meeting me she took sign language classes at a local deaf school, part of our conversation was about going to the mall with names changed on Saturday on the phone through a TTY operator:
Sue said "Do you want to go to Westland mall on Saturday with me?" 
I said "Yes, I'll tell Dad our plans so he won’t worry." 
We talked about soap operas keeping each other up to date on what's going on them. Then I told Dad when he got home about her driving me to the mall "Dad, Sue wants to drive me to the Westland mall."  
The mall was up North near Hartford.  
Dad spoke “Excuse me while I make a phone call.”
I lip read Dad calling Sue and speaking “I don’t want you both to go to Westland mall.”
Drat we both wanted to go to. 
Dad added “I was afraid of Lisha getting sick from the madman. The news said another madman with the sickness-said flu-virus robbed a store near the Westland mall you both wanted to go to. You both are to go to Milly Mall.” 
I by voice I said “I agreed to go to the Milly mall on Saturday.” 
Sue wound up not saying much which Dad hung up and told me “Go call Sue back on the TTY deaf relay operator and talk to her.”
I obeyed to reach Sue who said “I agree to go to Milly Mall.”
I said on the phone “What we plan to do there?” 
Sue said “I planned shopping for clothes, books and other items that attract interests.”  
I don't know what I'll be doing on Friday tomorrow. I'll probably do what I did today.  Sleep late, and watch soap operas plus lots of TV too. I can't wait for Saturday. I want to go shopping. I got a lot of items in mind that I want to buy. 
I got a stomachache and a headache. Owe Dad called someone on the phone talking to someone. I don't know who. 
I think it was mom because he wrote me a note. "Your Mom coming at twelve noon if she's not sick look 4 her please."
 He actually wrote the number four instead of spelling out the word.  I set my alarm to an early morning hour. I hope Mom comes tomorrow because it’ll be worth it getting up early after feeling sick. Dad set the VCR to tape a movie then he went grocery shopping. I was feeling too sick to go. I can't wait to see Mom tomorrow. I just hope she's not sick. 
The TV irately talks about that flu-virus epidemic in Massachusetts. Ugh. Is that all they have on the news lately? I checked the movie Dad was taping. It’s on but it’s a boring movie a murder mystery according to the TV guide. Boring I don’t feel like watching it.  I got hungry and helped myself to some carrots.  My stomach feels better. I think eating something helped settle my stomach. The headache is a bit less than it was awhile ago. I don’t feel like going to bed early because of a headache. Whenever I have a headache I go to bed early and sleep.  Later Dad came home with groceries. He put away the groceries while I was on the computer. I do feel sorry for not helping Dad put the groceries away. I was busy trying to go online the computer but wound up with problems. I hate the Internet service we have here. It stinks because it freezes up a lot. I'm not feeling well. I'm going to take a shower and go to bed. I felt like sneezing a bit today. 
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth

January 12, 2001 Friday
Dear Anne,

 	I sneezed during the night and slept with a stuffy nose. I kept a water bottle on my nightstand for my dry mouth nearby. I woke up coughing today with a dry mouth and gagged on some water. Dad didn't come up to see me. He was at work. I watched out the window as Mom came around noon. It was nice seeing her. Dad came home from work on his lunch break. 
Dad told me “You to go to your room upstairs!” and he closed the kitchen door. 
I could hear with my hearing devices that they seemed to be yelling about something. I don’t know what it was because I went to my room and sat watching a noon soap opera on my TV. 
Then dad came and got me “Your mom wants you downstairs.” Dad blinked my light to my room to get my attention. 
Mom told me “I want to go to the Milly mall Sue and you planned to go tomorrow.” 
Mom actually got lost on the way “I admit it I’m lost. I didn't know where the mall was.”
We went to another mall mom said “I think this will do as a mall outing trip.” which it’s an outdoor mall and was freezing. 
This mall was farther south away from the Milly mall according to computer when I checked onto location later. Mom and I walked around in the mall looking at stuff. 
I kept telling mom “Mom, make up your mind on stuff and buy it!” mom said “Nope not yet.” Over and over she looked mostly at chinaware and candles. 
Mom has a thing for candle stuff because I think it’s related to her religion. 
I asked Mom “what about the candles involving your religion?” and she told me “You to learn about the religion yourself and decide on what religious beliefs you should be a believer of.”  
I brought some cheap paperback books to add to my growing collection. Sue has a collection of books too but she collects the hardcover books. 
“I wanted to eat something!” I whined but Mom told me “You to save money!” 
So we left the mall and went to my home. Dad wasn't there and I missed my favorite soap opera. Mom dropped me off then she went home. 
 	I fed the always-hungry kittens around five o’clock cute. I can't wait for Saturday tomorrow. 
Sue called on TTY with the light of that thing flashing indicating a phone call.
I opened the TTY and got “This is Sue Lian to Elizabeth Zeskaya.” 
I said “It’s Lisha. Hi Sue.”
Sue said “I forgot to tell you what time I’m coming over to pick you up tomorrow. I’m coming over at eleven thirty.” which means I better be ready by eleven o’clock because Sue is habitually early.
Patience isn’t Sue’s strong suit something I share with her. 
Sue ended phone call saying “I have to jump got to go to bed.”
She typed the stop keying symbol before I could say anything towards her and hung up. Sue is always saying the word jump when hanging up the phone.
I think I'll go to bed now. I could use some sleep. I was tired all day. 
Mom said towards me “I noticed you yawning during our trip the outdoor mall.  You seemed bored.” 
Mom ended trip to that outdoor mall despite me saying “I’m tired hence I yawning.”
Mom said “You’re bored!”
Mom got it into her head that I was bored and got me into the car despite me saying “(Yawn) I’m tired (yawn.)!”
I'm not sure why. I usually sleep better than I've been doing lately. Am I depressed or what? Or I'm just coming down with something? I think I'm coming down with something. Might explain why I haven't been myself these days. I think I might want to go see the doctor. I'm not sure when. I'll do it on Monday. The doctor's office is closed on the weekends.  I'm feeling practically tired. I don't have much energy right now. I could barely stand in the shower. Ooh, sneezed a bit. I can't wait for this cold to go away. I'm sick of it. I've been drinking a lot of water, which makes me use the bathroom a lot. I'm getting tired and sick of it. I might as well get some rest for tomorrow. I have a busy day tomorrow. I have to get up early for a trip to the mall with Sue. 
	
Complaining,
	Elizabeth


January 13, 2001 Saturday
Dear Anne,

 	I woke up feeling weird like detached from my body. Strangely odd and I saw a grey wolf lying on my bed asleep. Then I was back in my body and it wasn’t a wolf body but one of a Human. I slept okay but I woke up at five o’clock in the morning due to the sun shining in my window from dad must have opened the blinds. My eyes are light sensitive from that open blinded status. I'm a bit cranky but I hope Sue won't notice.  I can't wait to go shopping. The Milly mall I hear has great clothes. I've been there with Dad.  I got some nice ideas for fashions and stuff. The clothes I'll buy will be rugby and v neck tops. I plan to find pairs of sweatpants. I also will be buying books too. I love reading books. I think I'm a bookaholic. Ha, ha. I made up a word. I also got a thing for animal and romance books. I like to daydream a lot thinking of many scenarios. They make great stories for future books I plan to write. 
Dad has been telling me “You to type the stories onto computer and sent them to a publisher.” 
I guess I'll do that soon as I can. I just can't wait to do this. I hope I can get around to doing that typing. I'm lazy when it comes to typing in my stories. I just need to learn to type stories from the outlines instead of writing them down and forgetting about them. 
I sat outside watching for Sue who came and her car is a grey color with the interior is red but I can't figure out what car brand it is. 
It wasn’t easy to write in a moving car with Sue telling me “Stop writing!” in sign language “Talk to me!” 
I told her “Sue just concentrate on driving!” 
Sue said “Just talk to me out of needing to distract me from my problem!”
I wasn’t sure of what problem it was but Sue appeared to be almost crying tears while driving so I chattered gibberish talk which I wound up saying “I don't want you to lose concentration while driving and cause a car accident but I’ll talk.” 
She got her license at sixteen, lucky her. I’m still learning how to drive a car and I can’t wait to get a car and my license. Sue in response to my endless boring chatter turned the radio on loudly which I could feel the thumps which I was listening to music. 
“Sue what music is that?” I asked which she told me “The music is pop music.” 
“I love pop music, it's my favorite.” I said which I added “There's a five-girl band we both love and their clothes involving pop music styles.” 
“The Milly mall has a store that sells clothes exactly like the five-girl band.” As claimed by Sue who told me that.
“I can't wait to try on some clothes and buy them.” I said.
Sue switched off the music and with me lip reading her while she’s driving “I always make sure I try on the clothes to see if it fits. I never buy clothes that don't fit.” 
I noticed our tastes in clothes are the same. We're both are wearing exercise pants, a rugby top with a v neck top over a rugby shirt with winter jackets. My pants are white and the v-neck top is a light blue color but the Rugby shirt is violet and the waist length winter jacket is black. Sue's pants are violet color. Her v-neck is white and her rugby top is light blue while her winter jacket is the same as mine is in the color brown. My long hair is up in a ponytail while. Sue's hair is down framing her face. We're both wearing sneakers of our favorite brand. The sneakers are the same brand one of the five all girl band wears, their imports from Great Britain and cost a little expensive.  I saved my money for them and I'm wearing them. Sue brought hers before I got mine but their same brand and color. 
At the mall; Sue had a hard time finding a parking space “I can’t find a parking space” she whined despite distractedly driving past parking spots. 
I saw a car backing out said “Sue drive in the parking space!” 
The space isn't far from the mall. I'm glad I'm wearing sneakers. I can't wait to shop at the mall. I'll write more in here later.  I hope I'll be fine.
	Yours, 
	Elizabeth

Chapter Two

January 15, 2001 (I think)
Dear Anne,

"I hope I'll be fine?!"
 	Humph. I'm in a hospital ward. I can barely write this but I must. I don't have a watch so I don't know what time it is. I think today is a holiday. I'm not sure with my mind is feeling fuzzy. I can remember on Saturday, I believe, after yogurt we went to a store that sells clothes. We were looking at a top on a rack when the next thing was chaos. People were running around screaming. They were running away in all directions. They were waving their arms in panic. I could see people's faces in panic with looks of terror on their faces. They were screaming and looking really scared. Then I saw someone with a gun I don't know what type of gun while covered up in a gray bed sheet. Both Sue and I panicked. We ran away from the gunperson. While running we ran into some racks and fell to the floor. Ouch, it hurt when we did that.  I pulled down some clothes on top of us as the lights went out then went on. In the chaos of terror, I started to feel sick and we both started to cough. Then I felt intense pain that was awful. I felt like I was out of it. Then I saw the robed gunperson again waving the gun. I couldn't tell what gender the robed gunperson was. Then next I remember was the store was covered in smoke and was really foggy. It made me sleepy that I fell asleep. I felt Sue shaking me as if to wake me but I blacked out. 
Then I woke up in a tented area with people covered up in plastic. Their plastic outfits were like space suits. 
A doctor told me via erasable pad “Sue and you caught a flu-virus from the madman.” 
I asked “Who the madman was because I was confused?” 
The space suited doctor replied "The person in the bed sheet with a gun"
 I felt shocked I said “I asked about Sue health wise?” who I noticed was lying on the bed next to mine. 
The doctor wrote to me “You both caught the virus and got sick.” 
I'm lucky they left my purse, which has my journal in it. So I can write down what happens to me. (Coughing) hack, hack. Sue is on a bed next to mine asleep. Sigh. I hate this cough. My nose is stuffed and I can barely breathe. I'm mouth breathing. I feel like I have a cold. My throat feels like it has a tube in it.  It’s like my head is fogged with a headache. I also feel like my ears are stuffed. I'm feeling awfully stuffed up. A nurse, dressed up in some plastic space suited material, I think came in the room. 
Seeing the nurse was a woman I asked her “What about my parents?” 
She told me via erasable pad “they can visit but must stay behind the see through tent walls.” 
The nurse left. I know it's January fifteen because of a calendar on a desk next to the bed with the days crossed off. I can't wait to see my parents. I feel sorry that I caught this (coughing) hack, virus from the madman. Oh I feel crummy trying to suck in some oxygen. I think that's what the tube is for, gives my lungs oxygen.  Aw. I can't believe it.  I think I'll sleep now. I hope no matter what happens I'll still have this journal with me. 
One odd thing is that during the chaos I felt like I was out of my body and watched myself my human body change into a grey wolf. It was very weird.   
	
Tired,
	Elizabeth


January 16, 2001 Tuesday
Dear Anne, 

 	I didn't sleep well due to people poking and prodding me. I had coughing spasms that hurt painfully. I woke up to see an astronaut cross off Monday on the calendar. 
The astronaut left before I could ask “Why Monday was crossed off?” 
I haven't seen a clock so I still don't know what time it is. 
I saw the nurse and I asked her “What’s the time?” 
She tapped her arm to indicate to me “I didn't have a watch.” 
Sue is still asleep but she woke up some time ago to say "Hi Lisha I’m so sorry this had to happen to us. I feel terrible." to me then she fell asleep. 
I saw Sue coughing in her sleep. Her spasms look painful to me. Their painful every time I have a spasm. It hurts badly. It also hurts that I can barely suck in air. I feel like there's tightness in my chest.  My parents came with Sue's parents and her fourteen years old younger brother.  They saw us. I saw Mom writing some thing on a paper pad. She handed it to a nurse who gave it to me. 
Mom wrote: "With a heavy heart we decided to have you and Sue given a status of being autisms. The cure to the virus is in the works. We hope with prayers that it'll be curable in our lifetime. We are upset yet sorry. Sue knows about this."
 I was shocked about this. Mom wrote "You'll be injected tomorrow. Which is too soon for me I don't know how long it will take until the virus is cured I will always love you. Love mom". 
Then they left with Sue's parents and Brother Max. 
I asked the nurse "Can I keep my journal next to me when I'm frozen?" 
I’m not sure of my question of why I blurt frozen. Odd!
The nurse wrote on a pad "Don't worry you won't be frozen".
 “Ugh? Hello? Who’s this?” I got written by my alien handwriting off my left hand. 
I wrote right handed “Elizabeth Zeskaya.”
Left handed indicated something to write which said “Mom wrote that she and I would be frozen.” 
This doesn’t make sense. 
“What’s going on with me?” I asked the nurse as I added “I’m writing both handed way and indicating a conversation with something or someone else.”
She looked at me strangely like I asked her a dumb question. Then she left the tent. I wonder what the heck is going on. I'm getting confused.  
“To be frozen or not I'm glad I have the strength to write down stuff.” said my alien hand.
I'll miss my family and cats Victoria and Demeter. I miss the many things but Sue will be with me. I’m tired. I better go to sleep now. Yawn. 
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth


January 17, 2001 Wednesday 
Dear Anne,

 “I asked a nurse about being frozen she wrote something I can't read. 
It's like this ‘slkfjow ejfjkljfo jo fjlksngjoj ewkfjk jojwojf’"
Whatever the heck it is.” 
I was very confused with my look on my face. 
I showed the nurse this alien handwriting’s talk which the nurse seemed like I asked her a dumb question. 
I talked to Sue “what do you think of my alien handwritings’ conversations?” 
Sue spoke “I think the nurse doesn't know what's going on.” 
I think “They kept the nurse in the dark.” I said. 
Humph. 
I don't think Sue was helpful as she kept trying to sleep and kept on rubbing her abdomen area like she was pregnant with a baby when I know she’s not. Sue’s strong fasted on holding onto her moon’s area before marriage. I’m not sure of how Kurt managed to convince her to lose that area and give her a pregnancy. 
Mom and dad came with Sue's parents and brother. They stood outside the tent. I was happy to see them, which calmed me down.  I still don't know what time it is. Well it doesn't matter to me. 
Mom wrote "You'll be put to sleep so the doctors will inject you with the medication.”
  “Ugh hello?” said my alien hand which added "The nurse wasn't helpful explaining the process of being frozen." 
Mom wrote "Sorry I’m just not very good on explanations.”
 “I can't read this explanation” I said which I added “My alien hand communicated something towards me.”  
Mom had a confused look on her face when I said alien hand’s communication. She seemed confused. What's going on? I feel like their hiding something from me. I feel like I need to talk to Sue about this. 
Sue woke up on me pestering her to wake up I said “Sue wake up!”
Sue woke up to give me a glare of annoyance onto her face she speaking “I’m pregnant and trying to sleep.” 
I was shocked with her admittance which I said “I’m curious to what the future might be like involving our medications injected into us.” 
I mentioned not being able to get an explanation from mom and her being confused on my alien hand’s communications.” 
Sue confessed “I got told I was pregnant with a baby by the nurse. I’m confused to how I got pregnant in the first place. I asked my Mom ‘how did I get pregnant?’ and got confused looks on her face despite her telling me “You were implanted.’” 
My Mother tried to tell me something “I have to tell you something.”
“I lost my hearing when the nurse injected me with something hence I’m insisting on sign language as our communications. I practically went deaf when my Mom told me something. I had a hard time lip reading what my Mom told me. My eyesight fuzzed up despite me able to see your signs so let me sleep!”
I obeyed despite I got another written communications from my alien hand “I'm wondering what's going on?” 
I wrote “I did some guessing about the future after being injected with medicines to make me Autism like.” 
I didn’t get a communication from that alien hand instead just said “I hope I can keep writing…”
Sue woke up on me staring at her and watching her sleep her sensing me staring by giving me a glare.
Sue spoke “Quit that staring now!”
I spoke in response “I guessed Mars would be colonized in one hundred years Space travel will be conquered.
Sue spoke “I guessed we might colonize some planets other than those in Earth's solar system.” 
“This is funny.” said my alien hand. 
One thing about being our status of Autism whatever it is is we won't know how long it'll take until we are cured. I hope it's in my parent's lifetime. I guess it might not be in Victoria and Demeter's lifetime. I really hope so. Sue went back to sleep. A doctor came and injected us with something. I'm feeling sleepy now. I hope I can finish writing……..

"No matter what happens your family will always love you Lisha. I hope you forgive us for the choice of making you Autism like status towards you. We wanted you to live life at its fullest. We love you both which were a hard choice we made. I hope one day you'll wake up cured in my lifetime. I write this message in case it's not you don’t acknowledge me till your cured. Never forget your parents always love you. I thank you for the joy you gave us in our life. We plan to pray and hope you'll be cured. We really hope so.  Victoria and Demeter will miss you. I hope you can see them grown up when you’re cured, love Mom and Dad.”



(Day and time unknown)
Dear Anne, 

  “I can't believe it. I found this letter from mom and dad written in my journal with some gibberish that I can’t read. Oh well, Sue and I was frozen for one hundred years. Things we know are already gone. Our parents and friends are gone. I'm grateful that Sue is still here with me. She's lying on a bed next to mine asleep. I better start at the beginning.”  Said my alien handwriting note I found in my journal one I was slightly sane enough to read the handwritings’ talk.
I came too conscious feeling myself in a bed that felt weird cause of a humming like vibration. It seems to emanate throughout the room. I woke up lying on a bed and saw Sue lying on a bed next to mine. We were in a room that is square and all white. Then a wall slid open to the side let a man who came in. Sigh, he's human with brown hair and brown eyes. He reminded me of a male version of Sue. Sue woke up and we asked him what happened. He said with Sue interpreting that his name's Mathew Ulian Sue's descendant. We were still confused. He told us we were frozen for one hundred years and the date is January 19, 2101 cured of the virus.  We're on a ship that is going to take us to a planet for people who woke up from being cured of fatal illnesses.  It was on the order of a new Earth government. The Planet is called Terra is in a solar system of seven planets. It's the sixth planet from the sun. The planet is like Earth but only colder.  The both of us were really shocked but Mathew told us the doctors couldn't give me hearing because it's heredity. They did invent a new hearing device for me. I'll be fitted with it in a while. I asked him what time it is. He told me the clock time is different from the time I used one hundred years ago. 
I asked him "What happened in one hundred years while we were in the freezer?" 
We all laughed except his laugh seemed forced judging by the look on his face.  He told us Mars was colonized in fifty years along with moons in the Earth system. The moons were colonized because they had minerals and gases valuable for Earth and other colonies. A new trade system was put in place to ensure that each colony got their fair share. I can't believe I guessed right about Mars. Cars with gas were outlawed. People invented ways to travel at the speed of light in space. The government made a law to allow people, who were frozen, cured of diseases and viruses to have a whole planet for them. 
I asked him "How many people frozen?" 
He told me "Three hundred. You’re the last ones."
 Then he added, "The planet we're going to is named Terra". 
Then he talked to his wrist watch. I lip read him speaking about us being awake and telling us what happened. Sue told me she was shocked that she had a descendant. I asked for my journal. Mathew went to a wall and put his hand on the wall. It opened showing our backpacks. Mine is colored of the sky blue, but Sue's is dark purple. I felt a creepy feeling when I saw Sue's backpack.  He handed us the backpacks. I looked through my backpack and found my journal and several pens, which still works after a century of no use. Mathew told me People invented a better way to write journals. I told him I got this journal for my birthday and I want to fill it up first before I use the new way journals. I opened my journal and I read what I wrote one hundred years ago. Then I found a written note from my parents written in my journal in Mom's handwriting.  Mathew told us he'll be back and then he left the room. I told Sue I found a note from my parents. She told me she got the same thing, a note from her parents and brother. Our backpacks are like time capsules with stuff from the twenty first century. My backpack has my journal, ten pens in blue ink, a magazine and a book of my favorite author, my favorite blue V neck sweat shirt and purple sweat pants along with underwear, white socks and my favorite pair of sneakers. 
I asked Sue "What's in your bag?” 
She showed me that she got the same thing I have in my bag her favorite magazine, book, and sweatshirt, pants and underwear along with sneakers. I forgot to add we're wearing some big white T-shirt. Uh I feel ridiculous without any um you know on underneath. I notice I had markings on my left arm. The markings are numbers, 299.  I asked Sue if she had markings on her left arm. She got the number 300. I can't wait for Mathew to come back I want to know if the numbers are removable. I looked over at Sue who's asleep. Speaking of sleeping I'm tired.  I'm still feeling shock with this wake up call. I do feel like crying for the deaths of my parents who never lived to see me awake. I still don’t know what time it is when I woke up. I don't know if I should care about the time. 
Mathew came back with a laptop computer. He said it was voice active.  Sue was still asleep so I looked in the computer checking out stuff. I checked out my family tree. My divorced parents didn’t have any children the rest of my family line died out.  Nuts.  Mom died in 2050 and Dad in 2049. I’m sad that happened that I can’t believe it. I checked on Sue’s family tree. Lucky! Her brother Max got married and had three kids. Two boys and a girl named Suzanna. The boys are named Michael and Nick. Max died in 2099 unfortunately two years early. The kids are alive and grandparents now. I can’t believe it. Cars are gone replaced with hover and electricity cars. Houses are powered by electricity and solar power.  Computers are voice active. I looked up Terra. There are differences from Earth. Terra is mainly cold with ice caps of winter while Earth has all kinds of weather.  I looked up the ship we’re on. The ship's name is Christa. The ship crew slept frozen for twenty years while the ship traveled to Terra. Some things I learned about the ship have rotating parts for gravity and are quite big enough to fit three hundred people on it. I can’t believe that science has created this so fast in one hundred years. It’s utterly amazing.  I discovered that there are cures for AIDS and several deadly diseases.  Gasoline is a thing of the pass. Sue woke up and I showed her what I learned from the computer. 
	
Yours, 
	Elizabeth


January 20, 2101
Dear Anne,  

Sue was impressed with the stuff on the computer I showed her. Mathew came back he told us the date is the January twentieth Earth date then he asked us how we're feeling. I told him I felt fine and so did Sue. He told us we should be fine enough to get out of bed. I asked him feeling embarrassed for the restroom. I can't believe I asked him that. He went to the room's corner and opened a door, which slid open. He gestured. Then he left the room. I got out of bed and nearly fell to the ground. My legs felt like rubber. I couldn't wait change into my twenty first century clothes. It was nice to change. When I came out I found Sue had changed her clothes too. I don't know what I'll do with the big v-neck shirt. Sue told me Matthew said we could keep them. I stuff the shirt in my backpack while Sue folded hers. It was nice wearing something that is oddly one hundred years old. I can't believe the material feels like new. I also found a comb and a brush in my backpack pocket. I can't believe the surprises that keep popping up.  I crossed off the days on the calendar I found on the wall.  It eerie looked like the calendar the space suit nurse crossed off. I managed to brush my hair and put it up in a ponytail. Sue used the restroom and came out with her hair up in a ponytail. We think alike. Mathew came in. Said it’s time for dinner.  
 Mathew took us out the room into a white hallway on the way Mathew told me that the hearing aid device is coming soon. I can’t wait. I want to know what the hearing aid devices of the future look like. The computer explanation really wasn't clear about this. Duh would be like it. We passed several gleaming white doors in the hallway until Mathew stopped at a door with a strange sign on it. It slid open showing the cafeteria. Sue and I and Mathew didn’t see any crewmembers while eating in the cafeteria. The cafeteria was a medium sized room in a square shaped with gleaming silver tables and chairs in contemporary style. At one side of the room were what appeared to be vending machines with pictures of items I couldn’t deciphers. The three of us ate dinner alone in the cafeteria. The room is bigger than the room we’re staying in with a rectangular shape. I had some white creamy stuff that tastes like vanilla. I ate it with a spoon. We both had cream stuff with green drinks. I found this experience weird. Mathew stayed with us. He told us what were eating is vegetables mashed together. The drinks are also vegetables too, which helps us live longer. After eating Mathew took us on a tour of the ship. We left the room and entered the long hallway to a door at one end. It opened and he showed us that it was the bridge. Five crewmembers were working at consoles there. The bridge is like the one on a space shuttle. It was triangular shaped. In front were windows to outside. I could see stars whizzing by. In front of the windows were two crew members wearing head pieces. They appear to be pilots. Then behind them was a chair with a console in the middle of the room. There are consoles with buttons on them and some of them look like touch typing. The consoles look interesting. Behind the chair was a third crew member who was also wearing a head piece. All five were wearing bike helmets with screens in the front of the helmets. On my left was another console with a fourth crew member. The fifth crewmember was standing around watching us.  I told Mathew about space shuttles and how the room reminded me of one. He told me the ship is based on the space shuttle. He also added that several parts of the ship are based on the space shuttle. The rest were made up from watching TV shows on space.  The bridge is big and roomy. It had windows to outside. I saw the stars for the first time. The ship according to the computer is rotating clockwise for gravity. 
I asked, “Where’s Terra?”
 Mathew gestured to a table I didn't notice sitting besides the chair in the middle of the room. A holographic screen appeared. It showed many stars on it. The screen showed our position as a red dot and Terra as a green dot, showing where we are. Mathew told me that Terra is five Earth days away. I can’t wait. I hope I have fun on Terra. After the tour of the bridge and meeting the crew members Mathew finally told us he’s the ship’s doctor. He could have told us when we met him at first. I felt creep out about this. I noticed that he and Sue exchange looks. I'm very curious and I'm wondering what's going on. Mathew explained that some of the people put frozen broke the laws of today. (Sad that happened.)  Mathew added he was cautious with us. (I’m sorry to "hear" that.)  After the bridge tour Mathew showed us the rest of the ship. The ship has one long corridor with doors on both sides. It’s all white except the bridge is blue color. He showed us the brown cylinder engine room. It's brown with a cylinder in the middle of the small square room. There were consoles next to the cylinder. Also there were three crewmembers were already working there. 
We met them all who introduced themselves despite Mathew’s protests of “No need to do that.” 
They were Anna Yulila, Frederick Wallberg and Isreala David. They seemed to be nice. The rest of the ship was crew quarters, the gym to work out and the infirmary. Sue told me she felt tired. I also felt tired too. Mathew led us back to our room. Sue went to sleep on her bed. I wonder what I’ll be doing on Terra. I hope the people there are nice. I hope I get my hearing aid device soon. I’m tired. I think I’ll go to bed now.  Oh one odd thing, Sue has been cranky today. The crew members gave me odd looks that bothered me. I don't know why but I hope it's nothing. Well good night. 
	
Love,
	Elizabeth


January 21, 2101
Dear Anne, 

Mathew woke us up. He told us today is the twenty first We had breakfast, which was gray cream stuff with gray drinks that both tasted like Caramel. Mathew and half of the crew ate with us. It was nice seeing them but I felt left out when the crew was talking to Sue the most. They seemed interested in the past. They were asking her about the twentieth century. I lip read them asking her. Why can’t someone talk to me? I think it’s because I’m deaf. They probably don't know how to talk to me.  Mathew waved to get my attention. He told me the hearing aid device is coming along shortly. I’m annoyed at that. Humph. After breakfast we went to a room that looked like a futuristic electrician workshop. The room was a small square with only a table on the wall. There were all sorts of electronic ware on the table. Mathew sorted the electronics and picked up a device.  I was given the hearing aid device. It’s like my old hearing aids runs on electricity and solar power. It has no small battery for charging. I was told to have it charged every week by either electricity or solar power. I put the hearing aids on. It was great to hear. I could hear Sue’s voice and Mathew’s voice. Her voice is higher than Mathew’s. After the workshop was the weight room. The room is nearly the same size as the room Sue and I are staying in. We worked out on weight machines. The machines seem to be like twentieth century machines. It was quite a tiring working out. My muscles complained a lot. Then we went to the cafeteria to eat lunch. The stuff was red cream stuff with red drinks. I didn’t ask Mathew what was in the drinks. I'm still mad that the crew is still ignoring me for Sue. After lunch was more working out then we went to our room to rest for a two hour nap. Dinner came. It was like yesterday green cream with green drinks. The crew ate with us. They have rotating nine-hour shifts. Sue told me that. Once again they focused on Sue. I could lip read and understand what they were talking about. They asked Sue about the twentieth century. They were interested about her life. I don’t believe it. Idiots! Don’t they have history books? What are they learning in school this time? Ridiculous. I finally got around to asking Mathew about the marks on my left arm. I keep forgetting. He told us they weren’t removable. They were there to mark us. I’m glad Mom isn’t around. She’ll be mad. My Mom has told me over and over not to get tattoo.
"Ruins your chances of getting an office job" she told me from what I remember.
After dinner was more working out, then to bed. Sue went to sleep. I decided to charge my hearing aids.  I feel I really need to be more assertive in getting the crew to talk to me. 
	
Love,
	Elizabeth


January 22, 2101
Dear Anne,  

Man what a night. I had a nightmare, which went out of my head, when I woke up. I thought the same thing that happened yesterday would happen today.  I was wrong. After breakfast Mathew took us to the infirmary. The infirmary was like the cafeteria. All rectangular looking with a lot of gizmos on the walls and also had five beds jutting from the walls. He did some tests on us. Waving lighted devices over us and included drawing our blood with a needle. I hate needles. I’m not keen on needles. Hmm, Mathew was gentler with Sue, but he stung the needle in my arm with a creepy look on his face. It looked like he was satisfied that he hurt me. As for the needle cut he rubbed Sue's arm with a small square cloth but on me he dabbed quite forcefully that it hurt.  Then we went to the weight room to be tested with weights. We each wore a test strip on our arms. Mathew gently put it on Sue but on me he rushed and pinched my arm with the test strip. He has a look of annoyance on his face.  It wasn’t nice to wear them.  Then we had lunch and after lunch were more tests. Mathew wanted to make sure the virus was completely gone. He gave us an hour break to nap and rest. Then we had dinner and after dinner was more tests and working out. I’m so tired that I could just drop on the floor. We dragged ourselves to our room. Sue went to sleep right away. I could barely write this and I'm so tired I might as well snooze. 

	Yawn,
	Elizabeth


January 24, 2101
Dear Anne,  

We were so tired that according to Mathew, we slept all morning. Oh really because where did the twenty third go? Mathew let us sleep late. I felt some poking and prodding during my sleep. I also felt a needle prick in my arm that made me feel more tired. I had a weird dream that yesterday Mathew woke me up and I was in a wolf form and growled at Mathew who backed away. He had to use a dart gun to make me sleep. Sue was awake during this wolf dream and was still in her bed rubbing her tummy like she was pregnant.  I woke up and Sue was gone. I saw the date twenty fourth flash on the voice computer. Hmm I wonder if I really had a dream or it was real. Sue came out of the dubbed clean room with her hair wet. There was a look of surprise on her face. I noticed that she seemed shocked.  I think she took a shower. I went and took one. She had to teach me how to use the faucets.  It's push buttons for water on and water off. There's also another button to raise the temperature of the water and also to decrease the temperature too. The shower was spray. The water felt fine. Then Sue and I talked about what happened to us. I asked her about the crew talking to her and ignoring me. She told me they asked about how to communicate with me and about us. I didn't know why but I could tell that she was lying about this. We went to the cafeteria to eat lunch; the machine on the walls prepared our food and drinks. We got pink stuff and pink drinks. Sue and I tried to guess what was in the drinks and food. We figured it was meat and meat drinks. Mathew came in and told us it was actually potatoes we’re eating. I can’t believe that. 
I asked Mathew “Does the ship have an entertainment center?” 
 Mathew and Sue exchanged looks then he told us while glaring at me that there was no entertainment center. The ship wasn’t made to have one yet.  It was mainly a supply and transport ship. (I think it’s going to be boring here.) I asked about our tests. Mathew looked furious about this. Oh, what's going on here?  He told us our tests results came out negative.  We went to our room to read. I started reading my book as Sue read her magazine. I read the novel until dinnertime. We ate dinner with the crew. This time the crew hesitantly talked with me. They asked me slowly about the twentieth century. I told them about cars run on gasoline and oil heated houses. They had a lot of questions about me being deaf. I didn’t mind the questions. I answered truthfully as I could. They spoke slowly enough for me to lip-read. Sue oddly looked mad about that. I think she likes to be the center of attention.  After dinner was working out then Sue and I retired to our room. Then Sue wanted to look up her family on the computer. She didn’t know how to use it. I had to show her pointing out the controls to the computer. She was quite rude to me and didn't thank me.  I taught Sue how to use the computer. Then she looked up her family tree. Mathew is her great grandson. She’s lucky she had a brother. We looked up my family tree.  My parents didn’t have any other kids. Neither did my aunt Svetlana and Cousin Zoya and my uncles. I’m the only descendant of my family tree alive. I envy Sue. She knows about this. I told her that and she laughed in my face. This left me confused. What's going on with Sue? I thought she was my friend. Sue is asleep. I think I’ll go to sleep now while feeling tired. Uh one thing that bothered me is my family's year of death was oddly with no cause listed. But in Sue's family the cause of death such as heart attacks and old age were listed. Some things been bugging I and I don't know what it is. 
	
Curious,
	Elizabeth


January 25, 2101
Dear Anne, 

  Sue and I slept late.  We were so tired but we slept fine. The doctor tells us it’ll take awhile for our bodies to be restful. I ate a late lunch in the cafeteria. Then we decided to separate and explore the ship alone. Sue went to see Mathew. I went to the bridge. On the bridge the consoles were lighted up. Crew members saw me but didn't say anything. I sat in a chair in the middle of the small room, which was the captain’s chair. A crewmate annoyingly told me that. She told me quite harshly that only the captain sits there. I got up immediately. She introduced herself as the captain herself. Her name was Draguta Eberhard and she was a tall blonde about six feet. Her name sounded German to me. She showed me how monitors working. It was nice of her. She kept telling me that it was too complicated to explain. She pointed out to me a lot of buttons to push to keep the ship in working order.  It was nice of her. I left the bridge and went to the engineering section. I passed by Sue on my way who I told about what happened in the bridge. She told me the engineering crews were very nice to her. I went to engineering, there are no windows.  The engineering crew was very nice showing me the ropes. I learned that it was complicated to keep the engines working. I went to have dinner with the crew.  The crew once again asked the both of us about our life. I didn’t mind. After dinner Sue and I retired to our room. We both read our books. I’m glad I have my journal. The ship is making me feel some phobia about small spaces.  I do feel like I’m in a hospital wanting for fresh air. I felt like I wanted to run around on fours. Strange. Sue went to sleep. She oddly sleeps a lot. Oh, I asked Mathew about what the virus did to our bodies. He told me the virus did some internal damage to our bodies. It’ll take some time to heal from the damage. I don’t know how to explain.  The damage is making us tired. Our bodies are healing slowly. I can’t wait to stop being tired. I think I’ll go to bed now.  

Yours truly,
Elizabeth

January 26, 2101 
Dear Anne,  

"Who cares of the date anyway?”
Whoa! I found this written in here in an unfamiliar handwriting. Someone's reading in here without my permission. I should have noticed this earlier. That I caught Mathew reading my journal last night, but he acted like it was his duty as a doctor to read it. I noticed he seemed disgusted. I'm annoyed at my lack of privacy. Mathew woke us up for tests again. He actually shook me awake and pinched me on the arm which hurt. It was getting our blood taken and working in the weight machines. We had breakfast an hour later. Make it two hours because Mathew left me on the work out machine a lot longer than Sue, which was really rude of him.  Mathew told us the ship would be orbiting Terra soon. I can’t wait to see what the planet looks like. I hope it’s like the picture.  
Sue sat next to me on the floor of the bridge. She told me that the Captain told her to look out the window. The Captain tried to dissuade me from looking out the window but I glared at her and was assertive.  She was shocked at my assertiveness. We both got up and looked out the window. Terra is like its picture. A beautiful world that I hope it has what the computer said. We sat down on the metal floor. The captain told us to stand and hold onto her seat. We did that. The ship entered the atmosphere and entered the planet. I could see tall crystal spires. I asked the captain about that. She told us the spires were there when we arrived to the planet in the first place. Some scientist thinks the planet was occupied by some race a long time ago but died off.  The ship landed like a plane on a landing field. Then the captain told us to get our backpacks and get ready to leave the ship.  We walked to our room and got our backpacks. Then Mathew led us to a door. He pressed some buttons the door slid open. The air felt warm with touch of coldness in it.  It was a beautiful sunny day.  I saw crystal spires as far as the eye could see. I could see trees and bushes. I heard with my hearing aids waterfalls. Terra looks so beautiful. I was excited to see it. Mathew told us to go through the building there. The building he pointed to was a tall crystal spire. He had a look of relief on his face like he was glad to be rid of us.
As we walked to the building and entered the doorway I turned around to see the ship Christa disappeared in a cloud of fog. I only glimpsed a large airplane and then the fog came and then left. The ship was gone when the fog left. The doorway was a crystal spike like.  I touched it and it was cold as ice. It was like touching a cold glass of water with ice in it. The room we entered was like a hotel lobby. A long desk at one wall with a man came up from behind the counter and there were several gray couches scattered around the room.  I saw that he was Human and dressed in some medieval outfit like a jester, complete with a hat with bells on it and slippers with bells too. He also had bells in scatter places on his colorful red and white outfit. He said his name was Jorge Lopez. He told us transportation would come to take us to the Winsted village. I asked him if he was one of the originals frozen. He told us no with a confused look on his face. I lip read him talking on the phone about me and what I told him.  He works here at the visitor’s center. I found food wrapped up in a bag in my backpack. Sue had the same thing. I ate the food, which was like crackers while waiting for the transportation to come. After eating Sue got up and walked around.  I can’t wait to see what Winsted Village looks like. Sue came back. She told me the area was breathtaking. I couldn't help agreeing with her. 
Jorge came and led us outside to a red minivan vehicle with smoke coming from the wheels.  Our transportation came and was like a gasoline car but it runs on solar and electricity power along with hydro lifts. The pilot introduced himself in the mini van. Said his name was Jeff Soldatev and he was oddly dressed like Jorge. He's a forties man who I asked him if he was frozen. He was confused at first. Sue explained about us catching a virus and frozen until cured of the virus. Jeff understood her. He told us he wasn't one of the original frozen. The car flew in the air. It reminded me of a plane ride. The view was spectacular. Waterfalls, crystal spires and there were narrow roads.  I'm not sure what they were used for. The car flew over a tall mountain with a snowy patch then came to Winsted Village. The village is like an old eighteen century village, but it was surrounded by something that resembled the Great Wall of China, interesting. There was similar style houses scattered around several tall buildings. It reminds me of an eighteen century town preserved in Massachusetts. On the way I wondered where Sue and I are staying. I hoped we're staying together.  The car landed in front of a house. The house is white colored with black shutters and a blue door with an awning over it. The house has wires running from it to a telephone pole. I think the house is partly solar powered. There were solar mirrors on the roof gleaming in the sun. There also were trees scattered around the neighborhood. The house looks like the other houses. It looks like it's made of foam with plastic in it. Several houses are sitting in a row. We left the car and walked up the door of the house. The door opened. 
Sue told me a voice obviously a computer said "Hello, Sue and Beth welcome to your house."
 	Inside the entranceway was a living room. It was furnished with furniture. There was a couch at one end of the room. The couch was white colored. Opposite to the couch was a brown round table with silver chairs nailed to the floor. Then we explored the house. We discovered next to the living room was a kitchen and, appeared to be a TV room with a flat screen TV seen. Through the kitchen and was a short hallway was two barely furnished rooms on both sides of a bathroom. The bathroom had a tub with a sliding door. Then again through the kitchen to upstairs were the attic and two bedrooms. One bedroom was on my right and the attic with the other bedroom was on my left. Both bedrooms had furniture in it. It had a floor length foam mattress and in wall dressers. I took the bedroom on my right above the bathroom. Sue took the bedroom down a narrow hallway opposite the attic. I dropped my backpack on the bed and went to explore the rest of the house. Sue and I went to the kitchen. The house is like twentieth first century looking. There's a microwave and a refrigerator. There was a door in the wall next to the window. I opened a door and found the stairs to down stairs to the basement. The basement was interesting. It had a bathroom and a kitchen unit and it had a room full of boxes. Opening one, I found that I was being led to it like the house has a ghost, which the box has canned food in it. Oh the refrigerator was empty I checked it before going down the basement. There was also laundry room. The room was white with a washer and dryer. I somehow knew it was a washer and dryer from the looks of it. It was like someone told me it was a washer and dryer.  There also is a sun room.  The downstairs kitchen has a stove but no refrigerator. I took a box from the paneled wood room up stairs to the kitchen. The oddest thing is I felt like someone handed me a box and pushed me upstairs.  I opened it and found canned and boxed food. I read the labels and put food in cupboards and the refrigerator. Sue followed me and did the same. I looked through other boxes and found practical things like silverware, lamps and a clock. Sue and I spent the rest of the afternoon putting things from boxes away. This explains why I'm tired. I also felt like we had unseen help. Like the boxes I picked up were at first heavy then became lighter as if someone was helping me carry it after that Sue went to her room. 
I decided to find toothbrushes and toothpaste. I looked through two boxes that were empty. One my third box I found the toothbrushes and the toothpaste. I think the unseen help put them there because I heard a noise and the toothbrushes and the toothpaste appeared. I put them in the bathroom. The bathroom downstairs has a shower stall. I wonder what we're doing tomorrow. We could knock on doors and meet the neighbors. I can't wait to meet them. 
My room has a flat screened TV on the wall in front of the bed with some kind of thin VCR. There's a weird keyboard that looks sunken to me. In the basement I found a box of thin computer disks like videos. There's a whole box full of videos from my favorite show complete with all of the five seasons is there. I read the backs of the videos. I checked the videos and the TV there are closed captioned.  
I checked the weather report. The news is different. Instead of a person showing a screen of weather report, they show just a screen with the weather report. That was interesting. The weather is going to be sunny tomorrow. It'll be in the sixties. I checked the dresser. I found dresses with thin tight like pants that seem to be thick tights in different colors. I tried one on and modeled it. I could have sworn that there was a flash in my room like someone took a picture. The dress was tight at the chest and flared at the waist. It oddly reminded me of medieval European dress. It sure explains why Jeff and Jorge were dressed as jesters. I also checked the closet. There's a black cloak that fits me.  I discovered the TV is also like a computer. I can go online the internet. The service is fast. I went online and checked Planet Terra. It highest degree is seventy degrees. The lowest is said to be ten degrees below zero but the computer isn’t saying much about that. It is cold here. The house is warm. Sue must have found the heater switch and turned it on. The house is warm as seventy degrees. I checked online. Houses no longer run on oil. They run on electricity and solar power along with hydraulic power. I think I'll go to bed now. I'm not sure what time I'll be up. I guess maybe early because the driver Jeff warned us, that there maybe an early council meeting in the community center. It's the largest building in the middle of a bunch of houses. Jeff pointed this out while doing a flyby of it in the flying car.  The oddest thing was the building appeared after a puff of smoke like the area was a golf course and then the building like a castle appeared. He told us there is always a council meeting at 10am. I hope I'm up at 8am. 
I went to shower and change my clothes. I'm tired. Mathew told us the damage from the virus left a side effect always tired. He added it might be awhile before the body heals from the damage. He wasn't specific on what the damage was. I feel fine. I like to shower before bed. I went and took a shower. I came out to the kitchen and saw Sue come up the stairs from the basement. Her hair was wet. I think she took a shower. We helloed each other and giggled at the sight of each other dressed in a long v-neck T-shirt. Ha. Then we both went upstairs. I guess we're both tired. I tried a video of my favorite TV show and discovered why it was hours long. It included all of the scenes that were cut out I think I'll go to bed now. I don't know what time I'm going to be up tomorrow. I can't wait to stop feeling tired. 
	
Yawn,
	Elizabeth


January 27, 2101
Dear Anne,   

Sue waked me up by pinching me in the arm that it hurt. I woke up and looked at Sue. She apologized but I glared at her and told her outright to tap me awake. She explained the computer voice woke her up and told her that there was a council meeting at 10am. I was annoyed but I thanked her. She left my room. I turned my TV on for the weather report. 
"High sixties possibly sixty five, dress warmly there maybe snow later on." 
Speaking of snow there's snow outside on the ground outside the window. I saw animal prints in the snow and made me instantly think of wolves. I can't believe I didn't notice.  I looked in my closet for boots. I found a pair of black furry boots. I decided to wear the boots but I felt like I was decided this fact because the boots mysterious appeared in front of me in the closet. I changed my clothes by putting on one of the dresses. It had a brown thick woolen skirt that fell towards my waist and a white attached top that I felt someone helped me put on. The top was flared at the sleeves and had a round circler collar that left my collar bone exposed.  I also I felt like a person in medieval times. It was weird and I wonder what’s with the outfit. As for the tights they fit weird because I’m not used to wearing tight clothing. I put the boots on and grabbed the furry cloak from the closet on my way downstairs. I took my journal too. Downstairs I saw Sue dressed like me but her skirt was black and her attached top was yellow. Breakfast, we found was pancakes with butter on it. I say found because it was lying on the living room table like our ghost prepared it for us. We had orange juice to drink. The pancakes were delicious. It was very weird to be eating old fashioned food. I'm surprised that they're still making pancakes. I told Sue I found the toothpaste and toothbrushes in a box.  I'm noticing things I didn't notice before. Like our rooms is paneled fabric like the basement. The kitchen floor rooms are not paneled. After breakfast we had an hour to kill time. I decided to go to the basement and look through boxes. I found some interesting stuff. I found things from the past such as a box full of books. I also felt like someone was leading me towards boxes to look in. It felt weird. I’m surprised to see all this stuff. I wondered where did people get stuff from the past here on Terra? It has me curious. I also found thin videos of seemly movies. When it was 9:30am on my watch Sue came down the basement and saw me looking through boxes of stuff. She waved her hand to get my attention. I looked at her. In sign language she told me it was time to start walking to the community center.  We left the house. It was a beautiful sunny day. I shaded my eyes from the sun. We walked down the street passing houses. The houses were like our house same style all in a row on both sides of the street.  A car come flying from the sky that was blue colored. The car landed in front of us with wind wiping like a helicopter.  The driver was Jeff. We got in the car and Jeff flew it in the air to the community center. While in the air I saw the community center appear out of thin air like in a puff of smoke.  He landed it in front of the entrance which looked like a stone castle. I told Jeff that. He told us Winsted village is based on a town on Planet Earth. That's nice. 
The community center was like a stone castle. Sue and I passed an arch in the building with stone around us. We walked on muddy ground with what appeared to be straw lying on the ground. It was weird. I saw some people appear out of puffs of smoke. One was dressed full of metal like a medieval knight and kept staring at us thru the visor. It was like the knight knew who we were. He gave me a creepy feeling like I placed him some place. I stood around and looked to see that we were surrounded by thick walls of stone and there were houses in the sides like apartments built on top of each other. Some of those people were busy tending to animals that were like wolves in chain leashes along with horses, cows and chickens behind fenced areas. It was very weird. The knight followed us to the largest building with two like him standing there with lances, long thick sticks with knifes at the end. They blocked our way and gestured to a smaller building that was circular and surrounded by walls. The mysterious knight gestured to follow him and then we followed him to the circular building which I assume is the community center.  
 Inside an arch in the wall behind a counter we met Jayna Levee dressed like we were wearing and also number 289, whom told us she works in the theater. An odd look passed on her face when she saw me. She led us to through hallways to a small auditorium where I saw many people appear by puffs of smoke. It was like a magician trick. The auditorium was in a half circle with a small square stage in front of us. The people who appeared by smoke sat on wooden benches that reached part of the ceiling and on the way I asked Jayna if she had a number tattoo on her left arm. She rolled up her sleeve and showed us number 289. I told her I'm number 299 and Sue is 300. Jayna told us she welcomed us here. Her eyes narrowed when she saw me. She took us to the stage in the auditorium and spoke yelling. 
"Hello, I like you to meet Sue Ulian and"
She gestured to me. I spoke up
"My name is Elizabeth Zeskaya." 
Jayna spoke "Please welcome them." 
 The audience clapped hands. Then she left us to the audience. Many people introduced themselves that I couldn't get all their names. One thing I noticed that the males were wearing tights with different colored tunics and they had hats on their heads which they took off when I went near them.  The females were dressed like Sue and I were in different colors. They also acted haughty towards me. One guy in particular stuck out. It was twenty four year old Kurt Deboy, Sue's boyfriend. He has black hair with tan skin. He was wearing something like medieval armor, all covered up in metal with a sword. Boy I was surprised to see him. 
He tried to put his helmet on when I saw him revealing himself to be the knight that Sue and I saw earlier but I stopped him by asking him, "What are you doing here?"
He looked embarrassed and before he could answer Sue grabbed him and kissed him in front of all of the people. They applauded. I'm jealous of Sue. She has a boyfriend; Kurt told me he was in the same store where we got the virus in sign language which has me creep out because he doesn’t know sign language at all. I asked him where he is living. He told me smirking that he's living in a house next to ours. I guess Sue and Kurt will have a romantic night, lucky them. Most of the people I met are in their thirties.  The closest person to my age was Kurt and a man who's twenty five years old. His name is Sean Kent who has brown hair and brown eyes. He looked sad to me. He had a wedding ring on his finger of his left hand. I asked him about that. He explained he got married and was shopping for a gift when the madman attacked the store he was in.  He was looking for a birthday gift for his wife.  I told him I was shopping with my best friend. After the meeting I walked towards home alone. I walked out of the community center which I’m calling that. I tried to explore the castle area but then a puff of smoke appeared and I walked blindly through it. I felt something like a hand grabbed by left hand and put a piece of rope in it. Then the rope pulled me thru a stone arch and thru the fog to the house. It was a long walk. I felt the hand take the rope and then the fog disappeared and I was standing on the lawn of my house.
At home I had lunch which was oddly left on the table for me and I watched a video. Then I went next door and rang the doorbell. Sean answered the door dressed in Jeans and a sweatshirt. He acted like he was annoyed. I saw an obvious older than him lady behind him, her clothes which she was pulling on the top part over her big chest looking like she was unraveled on in a hurry. He introduced her as Serena Quinn. I asked him where is Sue and Kurt. He told me they went upstairs then I left him. He slammed the door behind me. I went home. I watched a video and ate dinner. I can't believe this guy. He's married, gets frozen and makes out with a woman who looks older than him. What a total … Wait a minute, I can't write that. I'm not supposed to swear.  I went to Sue's room. I looked around for something like a journal. I didn't find it. I'll ask her about that later. I have a bad day. I hope tomorrow is okay. I think I'll go to bed now. Goodnight. 
	
Annoyed,
	Elizabeth


January 28, 2101
Dear Anne,  

I woke up feeling refreshed. I didn't feel so tired. I hate it when I feel tired.  I had breakfast of pancakes and milk to drink. I checked Sue's room. It's in a mess. What a …. Forget it I'm not trashing my friend. No way. I hope she comes home soon. I hope so.  I waited for my food to cook by my ghost. It’s a cheese sandwich. I went next door and rang the doorbell. No one answered. I rang twice. No answer.  I walked back home. It was snowing outside. I checked the weather report said that a snowstorm is coming.  I checked the refrigerator and there's enough food.  I ate and stayed home. The snow outside got really bad. It’s covering up the road and sidewalks. Sue came home in the early afternoon. I asked her about Kurt. She told me she’s not ready to tell me what she had with Kurt. It was none of my business. I can’t help it being nosy. I don’t have a boyfriend. I asked her if she is having a baby. Sue told me it’s too soon to tell. I told her I liked Sean but he’s making out with a woman named Serena. Sue told me she was his wife. They got married a year after being frozen. Their virus was different from ours. Oh I wonder whom I’ll fall in love with. Sue is so lucky she has a boyfriend. I never dated in high school. I think the boys wanted an older woman. I don’t look my age, which is why I probably look thirteen at my age of seventeen.  Sue had a sandwich. She later threw up in the toilet. I saw her do that. I hope she doesn’t have an allergy. I found the phone, which is a picture phone. It has closed captions. I told the computer to call the doctor. I got Serena Quinn who was dressed in a nurse’s uniform which was a white top with revealed cleavage and a hat on her head. I asked her if she was the doctor. She told me Sean is the doctor she’s the nurse. I told her Sue threw up in the toilet. She told me to take Sue to the community center once the storm is gone. Just my luck the storm will be blowing all day. I signed off the phone. The online service stinks. Its awful must be due to the storm. 
I tried the weather report on TV which said “The storm is blowing through Winsted Village; it’ll be over at midnight”.
 I hope the house doesn’t lose power. I looked outside the window. I can see the back yard. There’s snow on the ground there’s also a small river going thru it too. I hope Sue is okay. I think she’s pregnant. I guess she had sex with Kurt on her birthday. I went in her room and told her that. She confirmed it. I asked her when the wedding is. She showed her left hand. There’s a ring on her finger. It’s a large pink gemstone with two small diamonds. I abruptly left her room because she was laughing at me and was sneering too. 
I decided to take a nap due to headache. It hurts badly. Ooh. I remembered I’m prone to get headaches. I hope the snowstorm goes at midnight. I slept until my headache went away. I had dinner. I didn’t see Sue. I think she’s in bed sick. I can’t wait to see her married to Kurt. I had dinner of cream stuff. I didn’t know what was in my cream stuff. I decided to watch two videos of my favorite TV show. Outside it’s still snowing. I took a shower and checked on Sue. She’s asleep.  Speaking of sleeping I think I’ll go to bed now. 
	
Tired,
	Elizabeth


January 29, 2101
Dear Anne,   

I got up and I waked Sue who was really rude to me about that. She threw a pillow at me. I got dressed in the dress I wore yesterday. The ghost made sure of that. Plus I made Sue dress up in an outfit like she wore yesterday too. It was a hunch or a feeling that we should wear those outfits. We had breakfast of cream stuff. Then we walked to the community center or castle. The same thing happened like yesterday. The fog came and Sue grabbed my arm in fear like she was afraid of something. Then on the way Sue threw up in the snow. I’m sorry to hear she’s sick. I think she’s pregnant. The snow on the road and sidewalks melted. I put my hand on the sidewalk and it felt warm. I think there must be underground pipes. 
Sue and I found ourselves in front of the castle walls with the arch. Inside there were people walking in the fog. Sue kept holding on my right arm in fear. I didn’t know where to go but I felt once again a rope in my left hand and it led us to a wooden door which I knocked.  The door opened to reveal Sean dressed in some black tunic with a Switzerland flag on the front and he also had on tights and boots. Serena behind him was dressed like Sue and I but she had a black top with the Switzerland flag on it like a big vest. Both didn't look pleased to see me. They grabbed a scared Sue and slammed the door in my face. Serena went with them after telling me to wait outside. I looked around and I saw Kurt walk from the fog with a worried expression on his face, who was dressed in red tights and a red tunic with chain mail underneath peeking out the sleeves. His black hair was pulled in a ponytail and he came and I told him about Sue throwing up. Then the door opened and Sean came out. He told Kurt Sue is pregnant. I’m happy for Sue but I’m envious. Sue came out and told me she wanted to celebrate with Kurt. I went to explore the castle or tried to. I kept getting pushed around by the ghost. The ghost would grab my left arm and push me in one direction while another ghost would grab my right arm and pull me like it was tug of war.
I screamed “Stop!”
Then my arms were released a horse appeared.  It was brown all over with a saddle and I felt myself lifted up and put on the horse. Then the reins were taken and I was led thru the white thick fog. I couldn’t see much but I saw glimpses of people too. Some were staring at me as I stared at them. Their features were distorted like they changed into animals or something like that. It was weird.  
I called out to one of them asking “Is there a library here?”
The horse jerked and then abruptly turned to the left and then entered an arch where I was pulled off the horse to a door which I opened and it slammed behind me. I looked around and saw I was in a big room with books in shelves. The room was dusty and smelled of old books. I felt like it was an unused library. I found a lot of books on different subjects. I found books on many things about Earth with the fireplace in the middle for lightening. I also wrote something things in my “Peeves and Notes” section in my journal which I kept in my tights under my skirt. 
Then fire lights became low and blinked several times. I figured that I overstayed and walked to the door and opened it. The horse was there and I pulled myself on it and then the ghost led the horse through the area once again covered in fog. I could barely see the people but I saw glimpses of knights escorting the horse and I. Then a dark figure loomed on my left running towards me as I stared. I saw something shiny in the figure’s hand and then one of the knights pulled out a sword and used it to whack the figure on the back. The figure fell to the ground. I looked to see the figure was a man lying on the ground with a beard but I couldn’t see his face or his clothes. I knew instantly that it was a man. Then I was through the arch and then off the horse and pushed thru the fog. The fog cleared up to show the town with the houses in rows, one each on my side. 
It wasn’t snowing like it was this morning. I looked at the houses then I went home. At home I had lunch. Then I decided to go online the computer. I found the town doesn’t have much. I checked out other towns. Winsted is the only town for frozen people. It has a population of three hundred and three hundred and one Sue is expecting. I wonder when she and Kurt get married. Sue came home with Kurt. She told me they got married by a judge. I can’t believe they didn’t invite me. I asked them where they are going to stay. Sue explained the house across from the street is for them.  I helped Sue load up boxes of her stuff, which were the clothes in the dressers in her room and her backpack too.  Kurt helped to haul it to the house. Inside is like the house I’m staying in. It’s similar. I told Sue and Kurt that. Kurt explained in sign language that all houses are the same but different outside. Since when did he learn sign language? He never talks to me in sign language. I noticed Kurt’s old house is orange color. The new house for Kurt and Sue is red colored. We went to Kurt’s old house. Kurt knocked on the door. He surrendered his key to the judge. He has a new key to the new house.  Sean answered the door acting annoyed. Kurt told him we’re here for Kurt’s stuff Sean told us to stay out of his room. He went upstairs. I could hear a door slam. I remarked to Kurt and Sue that he must be making out with Serena. Kurt found my comment rude. We hauled all of Kurt’s stuff to the new house. It took six boxes to haul them. We left the boxes in the living room. Then I went home to the empty house. I let myself in the house. It feels empty without Sue. I’m going to miss her. I liked having her here. I had dinner prepared by the ghost again. I went online the computer. I wanted to see if I could get a car so I could explore the planet. I found out that no one could get a car unless they have a license. I went on the phone. I wanted to find Jeff the forties old man who drove us to Winsted Village. The computer said he’s not listed. I called the community center. I got Jayna. I asked Jayna who sneered about getting a license for a car. She told me laughingly to wait until tomorrow. There’s a community meeting at 10am. The meeting will include getting a car. I can’t wait. I thanked her then signed off. I went through the boxes in the basement. I found a clock that has a vibrator. The strangest thing happened again. I felt like someone dropped the vibrator clock in the box and I picked it up. It was weird. I attached it to my pillow and set it to go off at 8am. I called Sue on the phone but got no answer. Hmph I don’t know what their doing now. I think I’ll go to bed now. I’m tired. I have to get up at 8am. I hate it. Ugh. I’m envious of Sue. She has everything, a baby on the way and a husband. I hope I have what she has. It's sleepy time now. Good night. 
	
Yours, 
	Elizabeth

January 30, 2101
Dear Anne,  

The clock woke me up. Once again I tried to wear my twentieth century clothes but the ghost wouldn’t allow it by forcing me to put on the dress I wore yesterday. It’s the only dress I have and I put on a pair of tights too along with boots. Then I walked to the community center.  Same thing happened yesterday a fog appeared and I was led to a horse and put on the horse. Then the ghost led the horse to Jayna’s office building where I was taken off the horse. I walked passed Jayna’s office and entered the auditorium. I took a look and I noticed many of the people are parried off.  The only one not parried was an apparent old man named Vladimir Arkov. I sat next to Sue. Jayna stood on the stage, I was forced to lip read what she said because Sue refused to interpret despite me asking her. She even ignored me too. 
“Hello everyone, yesterday I received numerous requests for licenses. It is a requirement for flying licenses and it’s for all ages. There are classes for them today. The class starts at One pm Terra time today in the auditorium. Does anyone have any news to add?”
 	Kurt stood up and told everyone that his wife Sue is expecting a baby. Everyone applauded and cheered. Then Sean stood up. He told everyone that he married Serena Quinn who is expecting a baby too. The same thing happened. Everyone applauded and cheered. How nice except that Sue said he was married to Serena for a year. Weird. Vladimir stood up. He told us his descendant Luke will be visiting today. He couldn’t wait. I got some hopes about Luke. After the meeting I went to talk to Vladimir. 
I asked questions about Luke such as “How old is Luke?”
Vladimir told me Luke Arkov is his age fifty which I got disappointed. Vladimir gave me a hug. After the meeting I walked home by the same horse route as usual. Humph.  
I had lunch and went back to the community center for flying classes by the same route while on a horse. As for the community center it was the usual auditorium that I showed up. 
There were fifteen people in the class. Most of them were talking to each other ignoring me. I feel left out and I’m feeling depressed. The teacher was Jeff Soldatev himself who arrived on the stage clapping his hands to attract attention. 
I had to lip read what he said which was “I have books here for you to study and read.” 
He gestured with his left hand and a puff of smoke appeared and then there were books, actually booklets like blue college test books. Well, the students got in a line with me last because several students cut in line in front of me and ignored me when I tried talking to them. I could see Jeff had a pity look on his face when he saw me. Then I received the booklet and left the community center or auditorium. I passed by Jayna who looked at me with narrowed eyes. Then the fog appeared as I left the “community center”. I saw Vladimir who came up to me and gave me a rope to hold. Then the rope pulled me thru the fog to the opening of the arch and I found myself walking thru it like I was being pushed. I walked thru the arch and I walked home in the snow. I read the book. It was very confusing and seemed to use technical terms with long words. Plus it looked like someone wrote down the words instead of print. It was very weird.  I miss Sue. I’m sorry that she’s pregnant and married. 
The phone rang. A wall light flashed to let me know the phone rang. My day got good. On the phone was Vladimir. He told me Luke came with his deaf son Bruce. He has a son that is deaf?! I was shocked Vladimir invited me to come over next to Sue’s. I walked over to Vladimir’s house and I rang the doorbell. A boy about around my age answered. He’s taller than me. He has brown eyes and long blond hair pulled back in a ponytail. He seemed interested in me by his eyes.  What a hunk and he was wearing black hose, boots, and a white tunic with white sleeves.  
He said “Hello” in sign language. 
I said “Hello” back in sign language. 
We introduced each other. I learned his name was Bruce. I like him.  He invited me inside the house.  I met his father Luke who is like Vladimir that they could be twins. They seem happy to see us together. We spent the rest of the afternoon talking to each other in sign language. Bruce asked me questions about the century I was from. I asked him about the twenty second century.  I had dinner with the Arkovs, which was pasta. After dinner Bruce walked over with me to my house. He kissed me goodnight on my right hand. I watched him leave to his house. Then I went inside the house. I went to the phone and called Sue and she was home. I told her about meeting Vladimir’s descendant Bruce. We spent an hour talking on the phone because Sue wouldn’t let me sign off, Hmph. I think I'm in love with Bruce. He seems smitten with me too. 
	
	In Love, 
	Elizabeth


January 31, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 Brunch was a strawberry pop tart I found left lying in the kitchen. I can’t wait to drive a car. I checked the computer. There’s a store that sells food and practical stuff. The store is next to the community center. It has stuff such as clothes, cleaning ware, entertainment stuff such as videos, games and music. I tried to call Sue on the phone but received no answer. I guess she’s busy.  I wandered around the house. I went to the basement. The light blinked. I went upstairs and discovered the lamp was blinking for the doorbell. I went to the door and saw Bruce through the keyhole. I opened the door and said “Hello” in sign language. He asked me if I could go out to lunch with him and his father in the car, which I accepted. Then we walked to his house to the car which was red colored.  The car flew over the town to a parking lot. There was a restaurant there called Winchester. It's named after a town on Earth. I told Bruce I would have to get a job to pay for items from the store. 
Inside was a big stone room with people dressed as jesters complete with bells, and they were doing tumble tricks. One guy got on the table and did a one armed handstand while talking to some people who were dressed like Bruce and Luke. The guys the jester talked to seemed angry about something. The waitress came also dressed as a jester in green with tights too and took our orders and tumbled off.  
Lunch was sandwiches with French fries. During the restaurant some guys dressed in tunics and hose got up and did some sword fighting. Luke grabbed the both of us and held our heads down that I couldn’t see more. All I could sense was a fog filled up the area and the men with swords were gone. Luke got up and paid the check then we left.   
After lunch they drove me to another parking lot with a stone entrance. Luke told me it was a store named Cherrio. I went in with Bruce and I saw something that resembled a big warehouse like one of those stores complete with ladders and people. I looked to see people were doing a little jump before flying in the air to grab something from a metal shelves. Then they jumped down and bounced like they were wearing some kind of harness. Also the people were dressed in medieval outfits. It was very weird. I saw a sales employee which eerie reminded me of myself because she was tall as Zoya and had short brown hair that was seemly fake behind a counter. She introduced herself as Anna and wouldn’t give out a last name but I asked her if I could work here. 
She told me “We’re Hiring.”
 	I got an application, which I filled it out. Bruce helped me with the questions. The application was similar to the one I filled out at Earth for the store Bradlees.  
The sales lady told me “We’ll give you a call soon.”
 	I left the store with Bruce. His dad drove us to my house. Bruce kissed my hand again. He seems to be in love with me. I kind of like him too. I watched them through the window enter Vladimir’s house. I guess that’s where they’re staying.  I went downstairs to the basement. I looked through some boxes. Most were empty of stuff.  The same thing happened again. I felt like I was led towards some boxes which I found had food which I carried upstairs to the kitchen. I put the food away. While I was in the kitchen I got a phone call from the Cherrio store from Anna. 
Boy they worked fast. They liked my application. I was told they wanted me to start work tomorrow morning for eight hours.  I have to get up early which means going to bed early.  I finished putting the food away. I tried to call Sue again but received no answer. I wonder what the heck she is doing now. I’m curious. I called the community center. I got Jayna. I told her about getting the job at the store. She was seemly too sweet as in forced happiness for me. I asked her about Sue. She told me Sue and Kurt has gone on a honeymoon. They will be back in a few days.  I thanked Jayna and signed off. Then I went to eat dinner. I read my novel until I felt like I needed to go to bed. I have to get up early in the morning. Good night.
	
Yours, 
	Elizabeth

February 1, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
I felt tired. I felt during the night that someone was poking and prodding me. It felt like claws. I also had another dream of a grey wolf. I was the grey wolf running in the snow in the forest. I couldn’t hear a thing and I saw another wolf like me who I played games with like a game of Tag. Weird.  
I got dressed dressing in the same outfit which I found was the only thing in my dresser. I left a message for Bruce on his answering machine. I told him I got a job from the store Cherrio.  Then I had a hard time finding the store through the fog but the ghost grabbed by left hand and led me to a stone entrance with the words “Cherrio” on it. I walked inside and I saw the sales lady I saw before she gave me a red apron with the words “Cherrio” on it which I put on over my outfit. Anna then led me to the Children's area which was baby clothes, and girls’ clothes.  The area was an aisle with two large metal shelves and some stuff on both sides. The children’s area was a mess but work was fine. I had plenty to do. I put away children’s merchandise by grabbing the stuff on the floor and went up the step ladders to hang them. There were mostly two long shelves full. The customers who came were dressed in different outfits of medieval England but they were messy. I wonder if they were doing it on purpose because I saw some laughing as they pulled girls and baby clothes off the racks. They jumped to the clothes and grabbed an item and then drop it on the floor before flying to another item. 
Bruce came by during my break time. I had two thirty minute breaks I went to the break room in the back of the store where I met Bruce there. Bruce and I talked in sign language about what I’ll do after work. He invited me to dinner at his house. We chatted for a bit then he left. I felt sad. I met my coworkers today. There were five people besides me working in the store. I saw Anna who was six feet tall with the fake brown hair who eerie reminded me of Leslie Sasa my boss from Bradlees. Sigh I forgot to mention that detail above because her features seemed fuzzy whenever I looked at her. Then one time she was talking to a customer and I got a look at her and saw that she reminded me of my former boss from Bradlees and also reminded me of myself. Anna was dressed in all green like she was an elf. I’m not sure what’s her job was but it seemed to be a store greeter because I saw her run up to children and do acrobatic tricks in front of them. The other employees I met were Helen Yulien an Asian woman dressed in a white kimono that had green tree designs on it, Helen's husband Nathan Yulien appeared to be an African from his black skin dressed like Anna all green, Georgia Holm was wearing something like I was wearing was a short woman who had red hair in ponytails and green eyes, and Dina Kovtova dressed in a similar outfit of mine, was another tall woman who had blonde hair and appeared to look like a gymnast to me.   They seem to be really nice people. They treated me equally with no rude comments about my deafness. I wrote on my application about lip reading and knowing sign language. Georgia tried her best to make me feel welcome by doing some signs. She signed hello and welcome. I taught her some signs. 
The break room had two machines that are like ovens they make food fast. One machine had drinks. I had chocolate for drink with green cream to eat. I think the cream is vegetable. It’s been a long time I had chocolate. I don’t eat chocolate very much. My dad has diabetes. It's one fact I failed to mention earlier. There are some facts I accidentally omitted which I didn’t find important. I’m glad I did because of Mathew’s nosiness.  My grandfather, my dad’s father, Alexei Zesky Senior is said to have gotten diabetes too. So I watch what I eat a lot. I make sure I don’t get diabetes. I guess there is already a cure for diabetes.  Anna asked me to come back tomorrow same time. She wanted me to work. I agreed to do this.  
After work I walked in the fog led by the ghost again to Bruce’s house I also could have sworn I’ve saw a knight following me. I rang the doorbell. Bruce answered the door. It was nice to see him. We had macaroni and cheese for dinner along with soda to drink. Luke and Vladimir were out. I asked Bruce where they were. Bruce told me they were at the community center. After dinner Bruce walked me to my house. He kissed me on the cheek. Then he went to his house. I feel like I'm in love.  
	
Yours truly,
	Elizabeth


February 2, 2101 
Dear Anne,
 I sent Sue a videophone message.
"Hi Sue this is Liz. I got a job at Cherrio. Please be sure to call me when you come back"
 	I wanted her to call me when she comes back from her honeymoon with Kurt.  I walked to the store this time with no help. I managed to use my nose and smell the store. Georgia came by my area and she told me there was a flying class at night. I’m glad she told me that. Lucky I brought along my car-driving book to study. I have no idea if it's different from the gasoline cars.  Sue can tell me that. Work went okay. There were visitors from other towns on the planet. The planet has a population according to the computer, three million and counting. The visitors were very messy in the store. The Winsted town people are neater and politer.  I was dealt with rude people today. They didn’t treat me as an equal. They treated me as a servant. Hmph. Bruce came by. I told him about the car driving class. He told me he’s in that class. 
I asked him “What town are you from?” 
He told me he’s from a town named Canada. I told him I was curious that’s all. He left. At the end of my shift I had dinner from the machines and did some shopping. There are no longer metal coins or paper money, there are just credit cards. I looked around the store doing some exploring. I found the food which was on the highest levels of the metal shelves. There were ladders leading up to the foods. The store is also like a grocery store. I wandered around at the end of my shift exploring the store. Anna gave me a credit card. She told me the card account is one thousand lei which is the money amount. I don’t believe it. She asked me to come back tomorrow. She told me she liked the way I clean. I didn’t spend a thing.  
I left the store and found the arch and then I walked in the fog to the auditorium which was the classroom.  No one talked to me. I noticed many of the people were not from Winsted town because of what I lip read. Bruce arrived and we talked about my work. Then Jeff arrived and he asked us to come up one at a time and then he questioned the person like it was a quiz on the books. 
It’s a good thing I studied because when it was my turn I had to use my voice because Jeff didn’t know sign language. He asked me all sorts of questions about the book. Then when it came to Bruce’s turn I had to interpret for Bruce using my voice and lip reading Jeff too. After that Jeff told us he’ll start teaching us how with a stimulator soon. I can’t wait. 
After class Bruce and I walked home thru the fog while holding hands. Bruce seemed to know where he was going in the fog because I looked at him out of the corner of my eyes and he seemed alert and sniffing the air. He led me to my house and the fog disappeared. Then he kissed me on the cheek and then watched as I went inside the house. I think I’m in love with Bruce. I think he loves me according to the look in his eyes. I got a video message from Sue. She asked me to call her. She seemed happy. I called Sue on the video phone and reached her. I told her about work, Bruce and the class. We talked for an hour. I asked her about her honeymoon. She told me she went to a town named Canada. It’s near the ocean. I told her Bruce is from the town too.  It’s a town like Winsted. Kurt and Sue had fun skiing with helmets on and sledding which is weird because she’s pregnant, but Sue tells me that Kurt did most of the skiing and Sledding while she stood on the sidelines. 
After the phone call I checked the computer on Canada not to be confused with the country. Sue was right about Canada being a shoreline town. It’s a paradise. What a nice town. I would love to go there someday.  I didn’t do much for the rest of the evening.  I have to go to bed now. I have to get up early. I’m working at the store tomorrow. I might want to shop for some breakfast food. I’m low on breakfast food. I noticed I need a cleaning solvent for my dress. The store is oddly dirty with a dirt floor with straw on it. Lucky for me there is no dress code at the store. I have been wearing my medieval dress.
	
Lucky,
	Elizabeth


February 3, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
What a day. I arrived at work by sniffing like a dog to the store. Inside I saw Sue who told me she was hired to clean the women’s area, mainly women's clothes. I took a look before going to the children’s area. The clothes were on one level on the metal shelves and they were hung like the children’s items. I saw them and the clothes are just dresses like the one I’m wearing with lots of cloaks of different colors. Some of those dresses looked rich and while some looked poor judging by the design and the price. Ouch, I checked one dress looked like what Serena was wearing and it was expensive, about one thousand lei. Anna has me do the children’s clothes, which is mostly girls and babies stuff. Sue has been hanging around the baby wear clothes in my aisle on the lowest level of the shelves. I think she is daydreaming about what to get. She told me she’s having a boy. They found out so early?! This is nuts. Technology must be really advanced.  I feel jealousy. 
Work was not fine. The customers were really rude to me. They didn’t treat me as a normal person. They came up to me and handed me a piece of paper and expected me to read it and find the item for them. I did my best to help them.  I complained to Anna when I saw her wander by my area. She wasn’t helpful. She told me to put up with it. 
They yelled at me mostly saying "You wretch! Find me this and find me that." 
Over and over again, ugh I told them I can lip read and yelling isn’t necessary. This didn't help. They continued to yell at me. Rude. 
 	Anna sent me home early. A customer a woman with green hair and green eyes grabbed me from behind and she nearly broke my left wrist grabbing me like she pushed me. I had a feeling of falling down and hitting the floor plus hurting my wrist too. I think I blacked out because I had an image of a wolf and growling at the woman with green hair who tried to kick me several times. It explains why I felt like I was bruised on my left side. I think the woman must have pushed me or something. The woman proceeded to drag a protesting me to the front of the store pulling and protesting. Several customers on the way applauded that act. 
Also at the front of the store I saw Anna came up to the green haired lady asking “what do you want?”
 	The green haired lady told Anna to fire me. Anna told me to go home. What a horrible day. I went to the locker room to get my stuff which was my cloak and I saw some of the employees there watching me with smirks on their faces.
Humph. I noticed that the customers treated Sue nicely when I peeked in the next row where the women’s clothes were. I lip read them asking her about the baby and if she was alright to be working in the store. I guess it’s because she’s having a baby. I asked her why they treat us differently. Sue wasn’t helpful. She had no idea why. Humph. I’m not in a good mood. I considered being rude back at the customers. Bruce showed up. It was nice to see him. I spent one break of mine talking to him. We talked about work. I complained about the rude customers. Bruce told me to put up with it. He used to work at the visitors’ center where visitors are rude to him too. I think it’s because we’re deaf. Some of the customers come up to me and yell what they want. I have to be polite no matter what they treat me. Oh I forgot to add the days on Terra are like Earth days twenty four hours and seven days a week but the time frame is different. Since I’m new Anna has posted old Earth times for me to show up and the same for Sue who is working the same shift too. The store closes at 9pm Earth time which is U.S.A. east coast time.  
I didn’t see Sue who was at a credit register. She didn’t wave when I waved at her.  I went to the doctor to get my left wrist checked. I passed by the arch and was in the fog and Sean appeared on my left. He led me to a building with the Switzerland flag sign on it. Inside was a big room like on the ship Christa except it had a lot of gizmos I recognized from the twentieth century.  Sean examined my wrist and was apparently talking to someone behind me. I kept looking behind me to see if there was anybody but there wasn’t. It was weird. Then Sean asked me to lie down on a bed and told me to stay still which I did. I lay and felt a rumble as a device appeared over head and with a laser went over my body. Sean looked at a monitor with some pained expression on his face. He frowned and then picked up some cloths and explained that the woman in the store according to Sean tore two ligaments in my left wrist which made it swell and look black and blue.  He then wrapped the cloth around my wrist and then the cloth hardened like it was some cast. Then he led me out of the hospital wing by slamming the door behind me. It was rude of him.
I found a horse and then the ghost pushed me towards it and helped me get on the horse and led the horse thru the fog. I’m wondering what’s with the fog anyway? It sure doesn’t make any sense at all humph. At home I checked the mirror in my underwear and I have bruises on my left side which look like someone kicked me. The ghost wouldn’t let me change out of my medieval dress at all.  I’m not in a good mood. I’m feeling depressed. I sent Bruce a call on the video phone. No one was home. I explained I got sent home early. I left a message on Sue’s video phone. I feel depressed. I wandered around the house. I didn’t feel like watching TV. I ate some dinner. I have no idea what’s in it. I decided to go to bed early when the doorbell rang and the visitor was Bruce, which made me feel better. Bruce was at the door. He invited me to go out tomorrow. I agreed to go. I wondered where we are going when I asked him. He told me to Canada the town. I never have been there. His dad will be driving. We sat on the porch steps talking about work. It was awful about that woman asking Anna to fire me. I wonder what’s wrong with her. Bruce asked me if he could kiss me on the lips, which I agreed. I closed my eyes and felt his hands on my cheeks and then his lips on my lips. This brought a shock yet I felt something like a feeling of happiness.  It’s the first time I was kissed on the lips. I felt better but I was sad to see Bruce go. I went inside and the phone rang, lamps flashing. It was Sue. She got my message. We talked for a while about my work and what happened. After we finished the call, I got a call from Anna. She told me to she still wants me to work at the store. I’m glad. I can’t believe that woman tore my wrist. Humph. I’m not very happy about this. I went to write in here. I think tomorrow is going to be a good day. I hope so. I hope Canada is a good town like Sue described to me. I think I’ll go to bed now. Good night.
	
Sad, 
	Elizabeth


February 4, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I had that wolf dream again. I sleeping and woke up feeling like I had four paws and ran limping to the basement where I hid and felt a prick of a shot. Then I woke up in my bed in a Human form. I also got up and got dressed in the same dress outfit. I tried to put my hair up in a ponytail but the ghost kept putting the ponytail in a ball. When I work my hair is always up in a ball. (Oh I forgot to add my hair is now shoulder length. I think it was cut when I was out of it.)  It helps make it easier for customers to see that I have hearing aids. Bruce came over. I was practically watching out the window. I let him rang the doorbell and then I answered it. We walked to his house. His father Luke was there. He was upset to see me with my left wrist in a cast. Bruce explained what happened. Luke wasn’t happy about the incident.  He led us to a white car that was like a minivan without the wheels. The strangest thing was the car appeared in a puff of smoke like there was a fog. It was weird. 
The car flew in the air. It flew over Winsted, and went south. I know this because Bruce told me because I nearly fell asleep on the way. The car went over lakes and waterfalls. There were tall crystal spires as far as the eye could see.  Then it flew over Canada, which was like Winsted. It was surrounded by a high thick wall from the air like the Great Wall of China. Sue was right about the town. It’s a shoreline town. I could see the ocean moving. Luke dropped the car in front of a building which Bruce explained to me was a mall. It has two floors. Luke told us he’ll be back at three pm. I can’t believe we’re spending the day at the mall. Inside was like a normal mall back on Earth. I was surprised that we would spend our day at a mall.  I walked in many stores selling stuff similar on Earth. There were new gadgets I didn’t know were invented so soon. It had a third floor for movie theaters. Bruce and I saw a closed captioned movie of my favorite TV show in a theater. Bruce told me the movie is popular among a lot of people here on the planet.  After the movie was lunch in the cafeteria. There were machines like the one at Cherrio store. The machines had buttons for what food a person wanted and drink too. I had white cream with white drink. Bruce had yellow cream and a white drink. I asked him if he knew what was in our creams. He didn’t know.  After eating we walked around the mall looking in stores.  I saw a lot of weird things that I couldn’t explain them. Like there were wolves running around. Plus I saw people changing into wolves and wolves changing into people. Plus there were people dressed in armor with drawn swords. They eerie reminded me of guards who kept the peace and order. It was like we were in a zoo. I kept asking Bruce what the weird things were. He wasn’t helpful. He didn’t explain only said they were newly invented gadgets. I joked about engineered living people colonizing our planet for us. Bruce explained that they colonized the planet for us. I’m shocked that I’m right about the engineered living people. Around three pm on my ancient watch we left the mall to wait for Bruce’s father. His father came at three ten pm. He drove us to a house that was similar to the house I’m staying in. I asked Bruce if the house was the same as the one I’m staying in. He told me it was the same style house. Bruce gave me a tour of the house. He showed me his room. It was upstairs on the second floor.  There were posters of my favorite TV show on the walls. Bruce told me he’s named after one of the actors who play his favorite character on the show. We watched a video tape of an episode until I had dinner, which was macaroni and cheese with some soda drink to drink. The drink tasted like soda. 
Luke drove me back to Winsted Village. Bruce sat next to me in the minivan. He held my right hand. We didn’t talk. We just sat in silence. I sat next to the window looking out of the view. It was spectacular at night. There were lights lighting up the areas. The stars were beautiful to watch. At my house Bruce kissed me on the lips then they went to Vladimir’s house. I went inside. I watched a video. My wrist didn’t bother me. It felt fine. I got a video message from Serena. She wanted me to come over at to get my wrist checked tomorrow afternoon. I watched a movie. It was a different movie from what I saw in the crowded theater. The people in the theater were politer to me. I hope the customers are nicer to me when I go back to work.  I think I’ll go to bed now. I’ll probably wake up before my alarm clock. 
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth


February 5, 2101
Dear Anne,

 I had a weird dream. It bothered me that I had to write it down. I dreamed about the mall on Earth. I dreamed that I went to the masked gunperson and pulled the sheet off of the person and saw it was Kurt Deboy. It disturbed me. I decided to go online the computer TV and discover for myself who the gunperson was. I went online the computer. I did a lot of searching. I stayed online for an hour. Then I had lunch. I walked to the stone arch and saw Sean there. He told me to follow him which I did. I had to use my nose to keep track of him because Sean was walking too fast for my standards. I tried to change into my wolf form but someone rapped me on the head. I turned around to see a knight that reminded me of someone. The knight rapped me on the head with the flat of his sword. I sighed and followed Sean to the medical building. Inside he examined my wrist then he gave it a shot from a needle. He was very polite and sympathetic tone despite me not being keen on needles. He told me the wrist should feel better soon. I walked home with the same knight rapping me on the back if I went in the wrong direction.  
At home I went online the computer TV. I searched for the identity of the gunman. I found it but I wasn’t happy. The computer said Kurt Deboy was the gunman. I don’t believe this. I sent Sue a video message to check online about the gunman. She wasn’t home. She was at work. I hope I won’t run into that lady again. She tore my wrist and kicked me. I’m upset about this. I checked online about the Arkovs. They were one of the earliest explorers to colonize the planet. They worked hard to have the planet ready for frozen people. The weirdest thing is that the computer kept trying to change the subject from the Arkovs to something else like this religion about a god named “High Council”.  It was annoying.  I don’t have much to do. Outside it’s snowing out.  I checked the weather report. Said there’s a snowstorm coming at midnight tonight. I checked my food supplies. I have enough for the week. I hope Sue got home safely. The phone rang and it was Sue who was upset. The lady who broke my wrist has a protest to keep me out from working there. Sue told me Kurt told her he was the gunman who made us sick. He admitted that before they got married. I asked about the lady who broke my wrist. Sue told me her name is Penny Smith, a lady who believes in perfection like people have to be a certain height, weight and not engineered or have disabilities. She had a protest because I wasn’t perfect for the store. I’m mad about that. It is rude of Penny to do this. After Sue’s call the phone rang again and it was Anna who called. She asked me to show up for work tomorrow. I told her about Penny. She explained Penny is in jail for the protest and for assaulting me. The trial is on February seventh which is weird that trails here are speedy. I have to be there for witness testimony. I didn’t do much for the rest of the evening. I had dinner and took my shower. I have to get up early. I think I’ll go to bed now. 
	
Yours, 
	Elizabeth

February 7, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
Yesterday I had a day off from work. I showed up at work and Anna who saw me, told me to take it easy and does something fun like shopping.  The people were nicer to me, probably because of my wrist. Anna told me the trial starts at 10am Earth East coast time tomorrow in the community center. She gave me the day off. They let me wander around doing some shopping. I could have sworn that I was followed by two guys dressed in armor. They had their swords drawn and their visor down so I couldn’t see if who they were. I felt like that they reminded me of someone but I’m not sure. I didn’t see Sue because it was her day off. I hope she’s doing fine. I can’t believe Penny was rude to me. Humph. After work I shopped for some clothes for real. I looked for sweatpants I found a jumpsuit that is made out of sweatpants material that reminded me of a prison wear garb. It was zippered. I liked it. It was in my favorite color blue. I felt like I was led around the store by someone holding my right hand and my left hand forced to feel objects. I forced myself to stop this and went to where I wanted and got the item. Then another weirdest thing is when I went to Georgia Holm at the cashier to pay for it she told me someone brought it for me.  I suspect Bruce but I’m not sure. I brought the items home in a shopping bag. I walked home in the snow. Good thing I was wearing my boots.  I hope they find something to do for Penny. I pity her. I pity that she has weird beliefs. Then I watched a video then went to bed. 
Today I got up at 8am. I set my alarm clock to go off. I had pancakes for breakfast prepared by you-know-who. Then at 9:30am I walked to the arch again. I went to the auditorium and found it empty. I'm surprised that cases like assault are done swiftly. Interesting it was curious.  I had a hard time finding the trial room. I went to the auditorium office and asked Jayna who ignored me for a bit while reading a book for help. I had to shout at her to get her attention. She rolled her eyes and still laughing at me was nice enough to help me. She stomped thru the dirt straw pass the auditorium to the double doors with the two knights standing there. Then she stomped away. I walked up to the knights who picked up my left wrist and waved some laser from their hands and then they opened the door. Inside was a huge courtroom from a TV show complete with a judge and a hidden jury. There was an interpreter who was Luke Arkov. He interpreted the trial. I sat next to Bruce on the benches with other people from the town. The trial started at ten according to the clock on the wall.  Penny came in the room with handcuffs on and an orange jumpsuit. She glared at me. I feel sorry for her. There was a judge named Wood with grey hair wearing a judge robe sat but he appeared to have some sort of crown on his head but I’m not sure. The defense a man and a woman both with green hair that were for Penny, asked the judge to dismiss the case. The judge refused to dismiss the case. He asked the prosecution to call his first witness. The prosecution was a man and a woman who appeared to be Native Americans dressed in furs. They called me to the stand. I got up and walked to the stand which was a chair next to the judge’s desk. I was giving a book, some sort of Bible to swear to for telling the truth. Then the prosecutor the Native American man who I never learned his name asked me what happened. I told the truth about Penny grabbing me and forcing me to the front of the store and I felt like I got an image of an angry white wolf that was attacking me whenever I thought of mentioning my ability to change into a wolf.  I mentioned Penny yelled at the manager to get me fired. I added about getting pain in my wrist. I had to go to a doctor and found some ligaments torn. Then the defense for Penny asked me questions. They asked no told me they thought I might have misunderstand Penny. I told them Penny never asked me for help with something. I was truthful. After that the judge dismissed me and I sat down next to Bruce. Anna was called to the stand. She told the room about seeing Penny dragging me by my arm and kicking me too. She also said about Penny demanding me to be fired. The defense asked if I was rude to Penny. Anna told them no. She saw the video of the cameras that showed that I was polite to Penny. They didn’t include that episode of me being a wolf. I guess it was my mind that invented this wolf thing. The videotapes were added as evidence. Then Anna left the stand. Both the defense and the prosecutor gave closing arguments to the jury who were hidden behind a large black window. 
Then we sat and talked among each other as the jury decided on the verdict. I couldn’t sign very well because of pain in my left wrist. Bruce kept his arm around me and kept sniffing the air. I asked him in finger spelling with my right hand what he was sniffing for but he wouldn’t tell me at all just snuggled close to me. 
The jury took an hour to decide Penny’s fate. The judge announced their verdict on some paper. They found her guilty. She was sentenced to two years in prison at an island colony. The judge also mentioned Penny must be fluent in sign language at the end of her two years in the island prison.  I feel sorry for Penny. During the whole time Penny turned around and sat glaring at Bruce and me.  
I lip read her saying something vulgar towards me several times that it was rude of her. She was taking away by a policeman dressed as a twentieth century cop complete with a cap. He had a smirk on his face that reminded me of Penny. Weird.  After the trial, Bruce walked me home with that uncanny sniffing ability of his. He found the house thru the fog again. I invited him inside the house for lunch. After lunch we watched a video. Then Bruce kissed me on the lips as he left the house. He went home. I got a phone call from Anna. She wanted me to show up for work for eight hours tomorrow. I agreed.  I set my alarm clock. I had a tiring day and it was really weird. I felt like the trial was like a mock trail in a jail or in an insane asylum. I’m relieved that it was over. 
 
	Relieved,
	Elizabeth


February 9, 2101 
Dear Anne,
 
Work was fine yesterday. Anna told me there was a flying class that night.  I checked the schedule. I was working the next day. The customers were nicer and neater. I didn’t have much to do. Sue showed up for work. It was nice seeing her. I was disappointed that I didn’t see her at the trial. I asked Sue about that. She explained she had to work. She couldn’t leave work. We talked about her pregnancy. She’s getting a little big. I think she’s putting on weight for someone who's one month pregnant. Sue explained that pregnancies are different here but she was quite vague on that. 
Whenever I asked why she would always say the word “Different”. 
  I was glad my shift ended. I felt bored.  After work I went to do some shopping with Sue. We shopped for maternity wear which were dresses with empire waists and body tights. I feel jealous of Sue. Then Kurt came to pick her up in a car. He drives? Lucky him. 
I went to the flying class by the foggy route where Jeff gave us a test on the booklets. I asked him about the stimulators. He said their coming soon. I can’t wait. Bruce was in class. We had no problems understanding Jeff who oddly picked up sign language fast. After class Bruce walked me home. He kissed me on the lips.  I watched him leave. I had dinner, which was the same thing I had yesterday. I watched the weather report. The news said there was going to be a snowstorm during the night. 
 	The weather report wasn’t kidding about the snow for I woke up and looked out the window and saw the snow. The underground pipes melted the snow pretty fast.  I tried to wear my twentieth century clothes to work but the ghost wouldn’t let me leave the house. Anna called me and told me to dress in up in a dress like what I’ve been wearing. She mentioned that it was the dress code. I wonder how she knew that I was dressed in my twentieth century clothes. Today was payday at work. I got about two hundred credits on my credit card. It was good to earn money.  The customers were nicer and neater.  I was quite bored at work. I checked the schedule I have a day off. Sean called last night. He told me to come in early tomorrow for checking my wrist. Sue showed up to work. We had a nice time talking. She complained about the nausea and the trouble with keeping her food down she has with her pregnancy.  I didn’t have much to do. I was bored. After work I walked home. I had some food to eat. I didn’t know what was in it.  I set my alarm clock early to go to the castle area for getting my wrist checked. It feels better. I have no problems showering. The cast is waterproof.  I won’t have to put a bag over it. Sorry if I’m skipping days for there isn’t much to write about. I guess it’s the same old news. I think I’ll go to be now. Good night. 

Yours truly,
Elizabeth


 
     
February 11, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
For the doctor’s appointment on the tenth yesterday I got up early. Then I walked to the medical bay which I think I’ll call it anyway thru the fog. I had to knock on the door so Sean could let me in. Inside Sean took the cast off my wrist and examined it. He seemed nicer to me and seemed concerned.  He pulled a dentist like x-ray machine and had my left wrist under it. He told me the wrist is healing nicely. I didn’t feel any pain when he flexed it. He told me the shot was a healing medicine to help heal the wrist. Then he told me my wrist is all healed up. I felt no pain or any discomfort. I walked to the store to do some shopping. I was in need of some shoes. I saw Sue there. She was busy at the credit register. I wasn’t able to talk to her. I went to the shoe department and tried on pairs of shoes. I picked one that looked exactly like my boots and it was cheap about twenty credits, I think it was the ghost again who did that because I was picking up boots and they keep disappearing in my hand. I brought the boots the ghost chose for me then walked home. I saw flowers taped on the door. There was a card attached to the flowers. It was from Bruce.
The card said "Hi wishing you a lovely day. Cheer up and don't be gloomy have a happy day. Love Bruce"
 I checked my phone messages. I got a video message from Bruce. 
"Hi Elizabeth, How are you doing? I'm doing fine. I hope you enjoyed the flowers and the card. Like the card said have a happy day. Love Bruce"
I think he’s in love with me. I put the flowers in a vase which seemed too materialized in front of me like someone put it in front of me on the counter next to the sink weird. Then I watched the news. The news talked about the Penny smith trial. The news added about the snowstorm.  I had lunch, which was a sandwich and chocolate. I’m in love with chocolate. I love it. It’s one of my favorite foods. I had soda to drink. One hundred years in the future and there still making soda. I spent all afternoon watching videos. I didn’t have much to do. I took an early shower and I was a little tired from getting up early. 
Today the eleventh Earth date, I got up feeling refreshed. My wrist was fine. The bruises healed up.  I don’t have to work today.  I ate some breakfast then watched TV.   I get mostly Science fiction TV shows.  I didn’t have much to do. It was Sue’s day off today. I hope she’s doing okay. I sent her a message via videophone.
"Hi Sue, How are you and the baby doing? Bruce left me flowers and a card on my door. Elizabeth." 
 Life is getting boring. The news said that there’s a ship coming in at noon. I hope there are new people on it. Maybe once I get my license I plan to explore the planet. I went online the computer and did some checking on Terra. Winsted Village is near the North Pole. Canada an hour away is near the shore of the continent. The visitors’ center and both towns are on a continent the size of North America on Earth. The continent is called Pacific.  There are islands in the Atalanta Ocean. The islands are used as prisons. There is another continent, which is not colonized yet. It’s in process of being colonized. The ship that is coming in is called Ryder. The ship is bringing one hundred people to colonize the continent. I have the TV on to the news to see about the ship coming in.  I found out that there was a person named Winchester who was the first person to step foot on the continent. The news gave very good details of the ship entering the atmosphere and landing on Winchester continent. There was a video of the ship. The ship is like the Christa ship but it oddly reminded me of a tape of a shuttle launch I taped in the twentieth century. The process took two hours. I was excited about the ship. 
Later Sue called on the phone, some of our conversation here:
Sue: "Hi Liz."
Me: "Hi Sue." 
Sue: "Kurt gave me a cute crib. It's white with white lace ruffles on it."
We talked about work. She’s in process of cleaning the house.  She showed me a video of it. How nice of Kurt. I feel jealous that she’s having a baby. I also felt like she was flaunting her pregnancy, her husband and the crib in my face but I didn’t tell her that.  I don’t have much to do. I’m bored. Life is getting quite boring lately. 
I checked the news. It said that Penny Smith and some prison people have escaped from their island prison.  I think Penny might know where I live. I hope not. She might try to kill me. I called Anna on the phone and reached her which is weird because I didn’t know her phone number. It was like someone typed it for me or I asked the computer to get Anna and it dialed for me.  I told her about the news saying Penny escaped. She added she’s aware of the escaped. I called Sue and didn’t reach her. I left a message about Penny escaped from prison. I can’t believe it. The doorbell rang and for some reason I was led towards the door.  I looked through the peephole and saw Bruce. He had a worried expression on his face. 
Bruce "Liz did you hear? Penny Smith escaped." 
Me: "I saw it on the news."
 	He asked me to pack a bag and come over to stay at Vladimir’s house. I went to my room and packed a garbage bag worth of clothes and shoes. I had no say on what to get. The ghost did it for me and I was pulled out of the house with Bruce. I grabbed my journal and put it in my backpack. Bruce led me into his house. The room I’m staying in was upstairs above the kitchen.  There was a bed in the living room. Luke told me in sign language that they have a very good security system. The security system is on the stairs too. I got settled in the room. Bruce was at my room door. He told me in sign language that dinner was ready. I followed him downstairs. We had gray cream stuff to eat and gray drinks. After eating I brushed my teeth and went to my room. The room had a TV which I watched. The news talked about how Penny and some prison inmates over powered some guards and stole a boat. They even showed a video of it. They can be anywhere. I hope they don’t know where I live. I like the house. I took a shower. I don’t have much to do. I think I’ll go to bed. Good night. 
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth


February 12, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
I slept late. I tried to go downstairs to the bathroom during the night at early morning I saw the stairs was covered in lasers. I also saw a wolf snoozing on the floor next to the bed. It woke up and looked at me and I went back to bed. I was creep out because the wolf had Bruce’s eyes.  I decided not to go downstairs and slept late.  I got dressed and went downstairs to eat. I saw Vladimir. He asked me to call him “Lad” for short. I had breakfast. I decided to go to my room and watch TV. Bruce wasn’t down yet. I guess he’s asleep. I watched the TV for news about Penny. The boat had been seen and the police was giving chase trying to catch Penny before the boat reaches the continent. I hope she gets caught. I left my room door open. I saw Bruce who came downstairs looking sleepy in his pajamas.  He was wearing red and white striped pajamas. His hair was messy despite not pulled back in a tail. How cute. I better get used to this. I was still staying with the Arkov’s until Penny gets caught. I watched TV.  The news said the police caught the boat but Penny wasn’t with the inmates. There were seven inmates escaped from the prison. The news says six are caught. They didn’t mention Penny at all. I went downstairs to get a snack. I saw Bruce asleep on the table. Lad was in the TV room watching TV. I guess it must be very popular around here. I went upstairs to my room after the snack of crackers and milk.  I got the usual boredom.  I went to the phone to check my video messages. I got a threaten message from Penny. She threatened to kill me because I’m not perfect.  I showed it to Lad. He called the police who saw the message. The police are coming over soon. I can’t wait.    
What a day, full of excitement! The police came and they traced the message to Canada an hour away by flying car. They told us that they set up surveillance from Canada to here.  It’ll be hard for Penny to come here without running into a police officer. They even rigged my house for intruders. At early night the alarm sounded in my house. The police went over and came out with Penny in handcuffs. They caught her finally. I’m glad. One police officer whispered to Lad while I lip reading that Penny may have supporters among the police. It was impossible for her to come from Canada to here without running into a police barricade in the air and on the ground.  I packed my stuff and went back inside my house. I waited until the police bomb squad finished looking over the house before moving in. I’m glad to be back in my house. Bruce walked me over. He kissed me on the lips. I called Sue on the phone and reached her. She and I spent awhile on the phone talking about Penny.  I checked my video messages in case Penny left a message. She didn’t I’m glad. I pity her, poor lady.  I watched the news. The news talked about the inmate recapture and Penny’s capture. They also talked about the weather. There’s a snowstorm coming in tomorrow.  What can I do now during a snowstorm? I guess I can watch tons of TV.  I think I’ll go to bed. All this excitement has made me tired. 
Yawn.  I went upstairs and I pulled back the covers to my bed and found my bed sheets slashed. I called Bruce on the videophone and received Lad. I told Lad about my bed sheets slashed. They were in many parts. I’m sad about that. Luke came over with the police. They bagged my slashed sheets and took my blankets. There was blood on the blankets. They told me Penny cut herself.  Luke had extra bed sheets and blankets.  I checked my bed in case for surprises. None. I’m glad. I checked my room for anything missing. I found my clothes slashed. Most of them were orange jumpsuits left in the drawer. It reminded me of hay and made me think of something like a cat nest. The police took them bagged. Then I looked around the rest of the house for any damage. There were none. I guess I’ll have to go to the store tomorrow to buy some clothes. 
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth


February 13, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
  I went to work and I brought my journal along because I don’t want to keep it in my room for some intruder to steal it. It has some stuff in it that I don’t want anyone to know about it.  I kept it in my apron. I was worried it might fell out of my apron with the store name on it, so I taped it to my hip under my dress.  The lockers are small red boxy like. There wasn’t room for my coat or cloak so I kept the coat on a coat hanger in the coat rack. I saw Sue. It was nice to see her. She does look bigger. I remarked to her about her having twins. She told me it’s too early to tell if there’s going to be twins.  I asked her if she has decided on a name for the baby yet. She hasn’t. I joking asked her about naming the girl after me. She glared at me and she told me she wanted another name besides Elizabeth. I was very hurt by her comment. It was disappointing. I didn’t let her know that. There are some things I don’t tell my friend Sue. I’m sure there are some things she hasn’t told me yet. Tomorrow is Valentine’s Day. I don’t know if we still celebrate it. I asked Anna about the day. She told me that they still celebrate holidays such as Valentine’s Day. She added that their national holiday which means no one works on those days. I finished my lunch and went back to work.  The customers were a little rude. They were messy instead of being neat, some of them were little kids who kept pulling things off the hangers and dropping them on the ground. One kid even opened a package with his mother’s back turned. I had to tell his mother that and she glared at me and reprimanded me
 At least I had something to do. I noticed the customers were polite to Sue. It’s probably because she’s expecting a baby. I was eating chocolate for my break time. I saw Sue working at the credit register. I can’t wait to learn how to work on the credit register. Bruce stopped by. It was nice to see him. I love him. Yeah. We chatted for a minute here’s some of our conversation.
Me: "Hi Bruce"
Bruce: " Hi Liz" 
Me: "So what's new?"
Bruce: "They caught Penny Smith"
Me: "Good. People like her are nuts. She slashed my bed sheets and my clothes.”
Bruce: "Oh No."
Me: "After my shift I'm doing some clothes shopping."
Bruce: "Okay"
Anna walked by. She looked a little annoyed so Bruce left.  I worked the best I could. I think Anna wanted me to work instead of fooling around talking to people.  After my shift ended I went shopping for clothes. I had a hard time getting what I wanted because the ghost interfered again. Kept leading me to dresses like the one I was wearing everyday, which is mostly a dress with white flared sleeves, brown skirt part, some black belt and a black vest over the top part of it. I also got some undergarments too which were brown woolen tights about two pairs of them and a black cloak. I got every thing three bags. I called a taxi but it appears the taxi was waiting for me because Jeff came by work and told me to get in his car. He drove me home instead of flying he drove normal car like. It was nice of him to drive me home. I paid him a credit for the ride. Then I washed and dried my clothes. Then I put them away. I did some cleaning. I looked through the boxes in the basement for stuff to clean with. I found a vacuum cleaner, which I put together. Then I got a call from Bruce. I answered the phone. Bruce invited me to go out to dinner tomorrow. It was nice of him. I agreed to go out tomorrow.  Then I told him about cleaning my house. He told me to put off cleaning in case the police need to find more evidence of Penny Smith wrecking the house. I signed off and put the vacuum in the closet. I feel I could use some company. I miss having a cat. I checked online for cats. A ship is coming in tomorrow morning. The ship named Valentina is bringing a litter of kittens. Oh I can’t wait to get a kitten. It’ll be fun. I sent the Valentina a video message about getting a kitten. I’m hoping for a girl kitten which reminds me I better kitten proof the house. I also will have to buy cat stuff too. I walked to the store and brought some cat stuff such as food, bowls, kitty litter, and litter box. I found some toys in the box in the basement. It was strange because those toys are exact copies to the toys Victoria and Demeter play with.  I wondered when the ship is coming. I checked online. It’s coming in the early afternoon. I hope I’m up in the morning I set my alarm clock. Then I went to have dinner, I don’t mind eating breakfast food for dinner.  Then I watched a video I hope I get a kitten tomorrow. I think I’ll go to bed now. Good night. 
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth


February 14, 2101 Valentine’s Day
Dear Anne,

 I had a dream that I was running in the forest in a wolf form. I saw another wolf that I recognized as Bruce. We frolicked in the snow and played with each other. Then I woke up in a sweat and was feeling like I had a run. I put on my medieval clothes. Whose idea was for the town’s folks to wear clothes like that anyway? The Valentina came in. I saw it on the news. I was excited about getting a kitten. 
My doorbell rang and I answered and was surprised to see Bruce. He had a box with him. I let him in. He kissed me on the lips.
“Happy Valentine’s Day” he signed after putting the box on the floor. 
I opened the box and was surprised to see two kittens. They were not small sized but three months old same age as Victoria and Demeter would be today. Bruce told me their both girls. Both were implanted with a device to keep them from getting in heat.  I’m happy about that.  One kitten was yellow and black. The other kitten was gray and black. I named the yellow kitten Demeter and the gray kitten Victoria. They reminded me of Vicky and Demi on Earth. They also seemly acted like Vicky and Demi too. Is this a coincidence or not?  Bruce was happy for me and reminded me to come over for dinner. I spent the rest of the day teaching Demeter and Victoria where their food bowls are and where to go to the bathroom and stuff. I felt like my teaching was in vain because they acted like they knew where everything was like they had been in the house before. They were very nice cats. I think I’ll keep them out of the basement. I don’t want them to get hurt. I think once their older I’ll let them in the basement. I put their litter boxes in the closet in the hall. I rigged the door to stay open for them to go. I put their food bowls next to the refrigerator. Then I fed them. They were very excited to be fed. They remind me of my cats back home on earth in the past. It’s nice to have cats in the house. 
I think Bruce likes me the way I am. I think it explains why he likes me. I went over to Bruce’s house. He answered the doorbell. It was nice to see him. Dinner was by candlelight.  We stayed until late night chatting about stuff parts of the conversation here:
Me: "What do want to talk about?"
Bruce: "Valentine's Day on Earth. What was it like?"
Me: "It wasn't a holiday that closed schools and people had a day off. When I was little I would give kids in the classes Valentine’s Day cards. We exchanged cards until Second school called Middle school." 
Bruce: "That was nice of you to give cards. We didn't do that in grade school. Only went out to eat for dinner. "
Then Bruce and I had a kiss that was really long and Bruce slipped me the tongue. We were doing it until Luke and Lad came home. The house seemed to have a computer that went off flashing the lights every time our kiss lasted longer than normal.  Then Bruce walked me over to my house. He kissed me on the lips. Then I watched him leave. I entered the house feeling high on love. Victoria was being friendly tonight. She rubbed herself against my legs. I think it was feeding time. 
I think it was her way of saying, “Feed Me”.
I fed the cats then I went to the videophone. I left Sue a message about my romantic dinner with Bruce.  I’m working tomorrow. I have to get up early. I set my clock to go off at that time.   

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


February 16, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 Eek I took a break from writing in my journal yesterday because I was upset. Really upset. I got up at 5am in the morning by my twentieth century watch. I had a nightmare. I dreamed Penny got in my house and was posed to strike me with a knife but my parents stopped her and received some cuts on their arms. They also attacked Penny in a wolf form. It was oddly real because I could have sworn I saw some thing like blood on the floor which mysteriously disappeared as if wiped away. I woke up at 5am. I turned the lights on. Then I searched the entire house. Victoria and Demeter were in the kitchen hanging around the food bowls. They're always hungry.  I was satisfied that there was no one in the house besides me. I had a creepy feeling that someone was in the house and used my stuff. I noticed objects moved out of their usual places and my clothes were folded in the laundry room. It was very weird. Anyway I went back to bed. The clock woke me up. I felt tired. I didn’t feel refreshed and relaxed. I felt tense.  I fed the cats.  I walked to work because the Taxi service was out and Jeff was busy.  At work it was Sue’s day off according to the schedule. Bruce didn’t show up. I wonder where he is. Lad showed up. I asked him about Bruce. He explained Bruce went home in Canada to do some father/son thing with his dad. Oh. 
The customers were messy but polite to me. I’m glad they’re polite to me. I looked in the break room and found a refrigerator was added which appeared to be stainless steel with two doors.  I had some lunch. Sue showed up to do some shopping. I asked her about yesterday what she did. She told me Kurt drove her to Canada to a restaurant on a beach next to a waterfall. They had fish to eat with water to drink by candlelight. The rest Sue wouldn’t tell me. She said it was embarrassing. I suspect I know what it was. Break time came. I’m glad to have break times. It is nice to have break times.  I feel I could use a rest from working too much. I have been cleaning after customers all day.  I hate to clean. I haven’t cleaned my house. 
I went grocery shopping after work. Then when I came out the store a taxi was waiting for me. The guy in there told me to get in which I did and he drove me home. At home I had dinner and checked my video messages. I got only one from Lad who told me to check the news. I turned the TV on. The news talked about Penny Smith. They talked about her slashing my bed sheets and clothes. The jury found her guilty of violating my house. They sentenced her four years at the island prison. I won’t have to put up with her for four years. I’m happy. I no longer pity her.  I’m mad at her for slashing my clothes. She slashed my one hundred-year-old clothes. I’m upset. There the only clothes I have from Earth. It was a gift from my parents. Victoria rubbed herself against my legs. Demeter jumped up and I caught her. I held her for a while then I fed them. They eat the food fast.  I cleaned the litter box. PU. It stinks. Oh great Victoria now stinks too. PU. It oddly smells like perfume which doesn’t make any sense. I can’t wait for the flying classes. At work today, I asked Anna about them. She told me the stimulators are coming on a ship in a few days. She didn’t know what days the ship is coming.  I have the cats in my room. Demeter is sitting in my lap. Victoria is exploring my room. Demeter is purring. I hate having to move her. I need to lie down to sleep. 
This morning I woke up by Victoria scaring me. She scared me by jumping on me while I was snoozing. It felt like someone threw a cat on me.  I can’t believe I left the bedroom door open. Aw. The ghost must have let them in my room because I know I had the door closed. Work was not fine. The customers were messy. Some of them were kids who took items from the lowest shelves and played with them. It was like I was a babysitter because the parent would walk away shopping and leave their kids in my section making a mess. This was awful and I was annoyed. For some reason I can’t explain, Anna came by and yelled at me when I complained about the parents leaving their kids. I think she’s in a bad mood. I saw her yelling at the other store employees. I wonder what has gotten Anna so mad. Sue showed up to work. I don’t think she’s feeling well. She looked a little pale. I hope she’s fine. I was glad my break time came. I can’t stand Anna and cleaning up after people. Who cares? I asked Anna what made her mad. She told me it was Georgia. That was all she told me before she walked off. I’m glad to have my break time.  I checked the schedule which shows me working tomorrow. Sue and I have different break times. I asked Georgia what made Anna mad. She wouldn’t tell me.  I walked home from work. I walked with Sue. We talked mostly about work. 
At home I had dinner. I checked my video messages, nothing new. I got a video message from Anna. She apologized for being rude to me today.  Demeter was sitting in my lap purring. I like her. She’s cute. The wall light flashed letting me know the phone rang. It was Kurt. He asked me to come over for dinner. I told him I already ate. He sounded upset about that. I think he was flirting with me. I hope he and Sue won’t get a divorce because of me. I’m a little tired of working in that store and putting up with the rude customers. I rather do something else. I don’t know what. Maybe I could be a teacher. I could teach history.  History class would be nice. I checked online there is a university school named University of Terra.  The university is in Canada.  Maybe I could do some teaching. I need to go to school first. I could get a car and drive myself to school. I need to think of what I want to do for the rest of my life. I could get married sometime. I don’t know. 
 
Yours Truly,
Elizabeth


February 17, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I didn’t have a good day. Anna was in a grouchy mood. She yelled at me. I later learned that Georgia was fired without a warning. I’m upset about this. It was Sue who told me Georgia was fired. She overheard Anna firing Georgia. I feel bad for Georgia. I watch her leave. I saw Anna put a help wanted sign on the door. She snapped at me. I asked her what did Georgia do wrong but she told me to go back to work. I worked the best I could so I won’t get Anna annoyed. I was glad my break time came. Sue told me Anna fired Georgia for not doing her work. I saw Georgia before her firing. She looked like she was goofing off. I’m disappointed in Georgia. She’s a nice lady. 
Mrs. Yulien wandered by the children’s area. I don’t get to see Mrs. Yulien very much. She works with the food part of the store.  She was still wearing a white kimono with green trees on it under her red apron. I don’t know whose idea was it to dress like that, Hmph.  I work with clothes. She was looking at baby stuff with longing in her eyes. It was like she wanted a baby. She ignored me when I talked to her. Her husband Nathan works in the food section of the store. Sue is working a different shift today.  I hope she is okay with her baby coming. I saw Sue. We had a short chat. We made sure Anna wasn’t around to see us talking. We talked about Georgia and her firing. Then we went back to work. I saw Sue at the credit register. People would swipe their credit card after their purchases are registered. Sue would put their purchases in a clothing bag. Then they leave. There were alarms in case a person tried to steal an item.  
I got my check which Anna gave me. I got two hundred lei or credits on it. It’s good to earn money. I hope I get a better job than this. I think I’m complaining because of the customers.  I walked home after my shift ended. Oh I brought some groceries. I didn’t ask Anna about the flying class. She was in a bad mood. I didn’t ask her.  I walked home. I called Bruce on the videophone and received a message. He’s in Canada. Demeter rubbed herself against my legs. It’s feeding time for them and for me to eat too. The cats are bound to be really excited to be fed. I fed the cats then I turned the TV. I ate dinner in front of the TV. After the show I washed my dishes. I have a big pile of dishes to wash. Some of it looked like someone else was in my house and ate some food.  Then I sent a video message to the town police. I asked them if I could clean my house. 
I went look in the boxes in the basement and look for gymnastics stuff because I was in the mood for gymnastics. I spent an hour looking for gymnastics stuff. I didn’t find a thing in the boxes. All I found were stuff from Science fiction TV shows, toy dolls, pins, several outfits of the main characters on the show and pins including some things to put in my hair. I put the clothes in the laundry room. I left the crew neck tops in their boxes. One top was v-necked which went to the laundry room. I think I might want to wear some of the clothes besides this dress I’ve been wearing mostly. I went upstairs and the phone rang. It was from Bruce. He was still in Canada. He wanted to know how I was doing. I told him I was doing fine. I should be okay then we signed off. I took an early shower. Demeter and Victoria got in the bathroom. They sat watching me shower. Peeping toms! They followed me to my room. Demeter is sitting in my lap purring while Victoria is sitting sprawled on my bed staring at me. Weird cats. Next thing they’ll talk in human language. I'm glad I have two days off. I can do whatever I want to do. I want to explore the town. I want to walk around and see people. I had a creepy experience while writing this letter. I felt like there was someone in the room staring at me. My journal was suddenly knocked out of my hands. I think the house might be haunted. I'm not scared because it’s good to have company even it is a ghost.  I think I’ll go to bed. At first I have to move this cat off my lap. Good night. 
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth


February 19, 2101
Dear Anne, 
 
I didn’t sleep very well during the night of the eighteenth. I had a really boring day and my journal wound up missing. I couldn’t find it yesterday. I search all over the house and still couldn’t find it. This is what else I did yesterday. The cats were perfect. I kept having nightmares of Penny trying to kill me. She had a knife posed to strike me. I also felt someone tugging my arm as if waking me up.  I woke up at 5am.  Good thing I went to bed early. My lamp flickered waking me up at 10am. I went downstairs in my pajamas which was an orange jumpsuit to the front door. I looked through the peephole and saw Kurt dressed like me. I opened the door and asked Kurt what’s his business of waking me up at this hour. He seemed happy to see me. He handed me roses in a pot. I thought that was nice. I asked him why he was giving me the roses. He said he wanted to apologize for getting me sick. I get the feeling he’s cheating on Sue.  I could be wrong. It’s just a feeling I have. I sent Sue a video message telling her Kurt sent me roses in a bucket and apologizing for making me sick. I got dressed in the same boring dress as usual, had breakfast and I went outside and put the roses in the ground. Then I walked around town for I was upset and I needed to clear my head. I saw the forest and felt a longing feeling to howl and run in there.  I explored the area. I walked home and then I looked online a computer looking for gymnastics stuff. There were books on gymnastics.  The books were mostly how to do gymnastics and coaching stuff. Boring
At home I didn’t do much.  I took a short nap and was waked up at 5pm by my light blinking. It was dark outside. I went downstairs to the front door. I saw no one outside. I opened the door and looked outside. All I saw was no one but there was a newspaper lying on my doorstep. I picked it up and opened it. The newspaper article showed Penny Smith on the cover being found guilty of escaping from prison and violating my house. Humph. There was a map on the back of the newspaper. I posted the map on the bulletin board. It showed the entire town. The town is kind of small. There are only four roads. The street my house is on is called Rosebud Avenue. What a weird name. I fed the cats and ate. Getting the newspaper was weird. I called Lad on the videophone. I told him about getting the newspaper on my door. Lad explained it was Georgia herself that left the newspaper. She has a new job. Lad seemed distracted when he told me this. He seemed to be lying. I don't know why.  We signed off. I cleaned the litter box and put the garbage in the garbage chute which was in a wall in the kitchen. I went to take a shower. 
I’m in my bed with the cats on my bed. I left my door open and they both came wandering in. It’s nice having a cat. It is okay except cleaning the litter box is a real bummer. 
Today I found my journal lying on me like someone hid it and then gave it back.  I woke up feeling sick. I felt awful. I threw up in my wastebasket. I threw up two times. I didn't feel good. I emptied the wastebasket in the toilet. I can’t believe I threw up. The cats came in my room to see what the matter was. I’m tired. Good thing I went to bed early. As I threw up I felt hands on my arms and back as if someone was holding me and comforting me. It was weird but I went back to sleep. I woke up later feeling much better. I had a dream that Mom was shaking me and calling my name. She was shouting something. I don't know what. It was very weird.  I called Sean on the phone and reached the video answering machine. I left a message explaining that I threw up this morning. I felt tired.  I ate some breakfast. I felt fine. I can’t believe I threw up. I decided to take a nap. I took one. I woke up by the cats jumping and walking around on me. One cat even tried to sit on my face.  I forgot to feed them. I fed them. I wrote on a piece of paper what I ate yesterday. Sean called me on the phone. He told me to come over to the medical bay.
I got dressed and walked to a stone arch. This time there was no fog when I walked to the arch. I walked inside and I felt like I was being led through a hallway because of walls on the sides when I spread out my hands to a room. I went to the medical bay and then Sean came to examined me.  
I felt sick during the examination that I threw up again in a wastebasket at his office. Sean determined that I have side effects from the virus. He gave me a pill to take along with water to drink. I felt better after that. Sean told me to come tomorrow if I still threw up. He added about getting the stuff I threw up checked. I could have an allergy. I hope not. I walked home feeling fine thru the fog and got to the house fine. I played with the kittens. They loved the game of string. I dangle the sting in front of them and they try to get the string. What a cute game. I felt better. I watched some TV and ate dinner and I‘m working tomorrow.  I haven’t thrown up yet. I hope I’m fine. I watched TV. I miss watching gymnastics. I miss the sport. I can’t wait to watch gymnastics. I searched all over the house for gymnastics videos. I went online the computer for gymnastics stuff. I didn’t find a thing. There are over a hundred web sites on the TV shows on TV.  I think I’ll go to bed now. Good night. 

Feeling Sickly,
Elizabeth


February 20, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 It was Sue’s day off. Anna was in a good mood. I’m happy about that. We have a new employee. His name is Garret Geroti. He’s in his forties. I saw him working at the credit register. He works fine. He introduced himself to me. He had a confused look on his face. When he talked to me he talked over my head like there was someone besides me. It was like he was talking to the second person. Very strange.  
The customers are messy. Hmph. I’m annoyed. I can’t wait to quit this job.  I hate it. Argh. I’m in a bad mood. Bruce didn’t stop by.  I miss him. I can’t wait to see him. I couldn't wait for my shift to be over. I checked the schedule. I have tomorrow off. I’m glad. I hate working here. I hate it that I’m upset to hate my job. I really have a love hate relationship with my job. I love it one day and I hate it the next day. If Bruce stopped by he could put me in a good mood. I feel relieved. I’m glad my shift ended. I walked home after doing some grocery shopping. I fed the cats. They're always hungry. I put the groceries away. I hope I have a good day tomorrow. The phone rang and it was Sean on the phone. He told me not to eat chocolate. Said my body is rejecting chocolate. I’m upset about that. He added I might have diabetes.  I guess its needle shots in the arm. He asked me to come over at noon. He wanted to do some blood tests on me. I was told not to eat a thing. I’m going to be hungry.  After Sean called, Sue called. I had a nice chat with her. I told her about being sick in the morning and what Sean told me. She told me she was sick in the morning too. I guess it’s her pregnancy. We chatted for a while then signed off. I went online the computer. I checked out web sites. Then I made a web site on gymnastics for it’s my favorite sport. I know how to make a web site. I learned it in college. 
The cats are in my room wandering around doing their thing which is sniffing and playing with my stuff. My room is in a mess. I left dirty clothes strewn on the floor and my backpack hanging on the desk in the room. I left Sue’s old room just the way it is. I haven’t cleaned it. I’m not big on cleaning. Good night. I hope the cats won’t bother me. 
 
	Yours,
	Elizabeth


February 22, 2101
Dear Anne,

Yesterday I woke up and I walked to the medical bay in this fog. I felt hungry. It took me fifteen minutes to walk there.  I waited for someone to come at the door and take me to my tests while Serena was here in the office on the phone.  I sat on a bed as needles from a robotic arm drew my blood. I had blood drawn from me three times. Lad was there to interpret.  Sean sympathy explained I might have diabetes. I hope not. It’ll mean eating a well balanced diet with no chocolate. I also will have to take a pill every day. The pill helps my body make insulin. I’m glad its pills instead of needles. I walked home. At home Bruce was waiting for me on my front steps. I was happy to see him. He seemed concerned about me. I told him about having diabetes. I hope I’ll be fine with the pills.  I let him inside the house. We chatted for a while in sign language. I’m glad sign language is still around. We talked about my doctor’s appointment. Then Bruce kissed me on the lips and left me. I cleaned out my refrigerator. I got a list of foods I could eat from Sean. I took out the food I can’t eat and set them in the living room. I called a taxi to take me to the grocery store. I returned the unopened food items. Then I got food on the list. It involves rabbit food. I mean food such as salads, lettuce, carrots, and fruit. I’m going to miss eating chocolate. Then a taxi drove me home. At home I put the food away. Victoria rubbed herself against my legs. Demeter didn’t mind being held. She’s a lap cat. I ate some salad for dinner with orange juice to drink. I guess I better start liking orange juice. Sean told me a shipment of pills from the other continent is coming over soon. I can’t wait. I don’t want to be sick. It explains why I’m thirsty a lot. It explains it. I drink a lot of water. I even have a water bottle so I can reach it whenever I’m thirsty when I sleep. After eating I got a video message from Anna reminding me to show up for work tomorrow. She knows that I went to the doctor so she’s cutting back my hours. I hope I’ll be fine…

Slfjsljflsjlfjlksjfljslfslfjlsjflsjlfjslfjlksjfklhgheioghoejlejotusmflmgjeojgkldjgfoejldlerojofjjiihgtrejuhyhytreg
Eojloetjoeurtkjhkjgfdthfhgfyughk;h;jkyhgfftdsdresrlp[;ppre,lpporsrreopp[lp[opiokjtgytrkihhiututuyuuiyiyittrryuuklkopuoiyyutdrwasrdtygfuyguhioplo[p[kpojjhuyfdseawaswtyghujklpppojuhggfdxrdszszsszszs
kiiuiyuy
eotujuiuiu
 
I don't know who wrote that but I think it was my ghost in the house trying to communicate with me.  I was writing but the journal was taken out of my hands and then I blacked out. I woke up and it was tomorrow the twenty second and discovered this writing in my journal. I can't read it but during the night I had a dream of my mom. She was sitting next to my bed crying. It was like she was upset. I tried to speak to her but my throat tightened up. She was holding my right hand as I lay on the bed. Then my vision clouded and went black. I woke up to my alarm vibrating in my bed. How I got there was a mystery.  I walked to work early. I wanted to do some shopping. Anna was happy to see me. I saw Sue. It was nice to see her.  Anna asked me to work tomorrow. I don’t mind I could use the money. Work was fine. The customers were neater and I didn’t have much to do. I told Sue about the diabetes. She didn’t seem happy about that because she seemed scared and freaked out. Poor Sue.  I hope I’ll be fine taking the pill. I hate having to take needles. After work I walked home. I was quite tired from being on my feet today. It was great to be home. I fed the cats. They were hungry. I watched TV then I took an early shower.  I had some dinner and I posted the food list Sean gave me on the refrigerator. I can’t wait to take the pills. The doorbell rang. It was Jeff Soldatev. He had a package with him. It was my diabetes pills. I read the directions. It says to take one pill at bedtime. I took it and now I have a headache. I think I’ll go to bed. I set my alarm clock to go off at the appointed time.  I think going to bed will help me with my headache. I always want to sleep whenever I have a headache.  I think I had a lousy day today. I’m not so sure but it was weird.

	Headachy,
	Elizabeth


February 24, 2101 
Dear Anne, 

 I woke up with a headache. I could barely write about yesterday so I’m writing today.  Ooh. It wasn’t as bad as the headache I had last night. I didn’t have any pills for the headache. I walked to work. Work wasn’t fine. Anna was in a bad mood. I don’t know why. It was Sue’s day off. She has a doctor’s appointment. She told me yesterday.  I worked fine. I was glad my lunch break came. I’m sick of picking up stuff after customers. I’m so sick of it. I’m upset that it bothers me. The food processor didn’t have the food on my list so I had to walk home and get some food. The store sells some food for me but Anna has a policy of employees can’t just eat the food after they buy it in the store.  I put it in a bag. Then I walked to work. I ate my food then I went back to work. I worked in boredom.  I saw Sue. She came to buy some maternity outfits. I didn’t have a heart to tell her that she was wearing a dress that looked like a big tent with her butt sticking out of it.  I saw her buying some baby girl clothes.  Hello? She’s been bragging to me that the baby is a boy. Why is she buying baby girl clothes?   I didn’t have to walk home because I packed enough food for two break times.  I threw up at home. I don’t know why but I ate some dinner then I threw up. I left dry cat food out for the cats to eat. I called the Medical Bay area. I left Sean a message explaining I threw up. I hope I’m not coming down with a sickness. I threw up in the wastebasket. I wanted Sean to test some of my barf. Disgusting. Ugh. I think I might be sick. I hope I’m okay. I'll write more later. 
  Today I woke up to throw up and I fell asleep in the bathroom. I must have blacked out because I found myself in the bathroom sitting next to the toilet. Victoria sat in my lap as I threw up.  Demeter sat and stared at me. I expect her to talk to me.  I felt the same ghostly feelings like someone had a hand on my back as I threw up. I felt something like a washcloth on my mouth wiping away the stuff I threw up. I went to my room I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I also went to bed. It’s a good thing I went to bed early. 
Later I got up and walked to work and then I threw up at work. I can’t believe it. I did that. I threw up in front of a customer. This lady came up to me and asked me to find some items. I did that and could have sworn that I felt a needle prick in my arm as she touched me. It was weird. The customer got Sue who took me to the break room. I threw up in the garbage can. Sue went to get Anna. Anna told me to go to the Medical Bay for a check up. I got my stuff and walked over. I threw up in the snow. I saw some people jump from the sky and land near me but the fog hid their features. I also was followed by two knights in armor as I walked to the Medical Bay. I also was close to fainting when someone grabbed me and put me on a horse and led the horse. I leaned on the horse head and I looked up to see something like a warehouse ceiling with gangplanks and people in lab coats were there standing with clipboards. Then I felt dizzy and looked towards the dirt ground. At the Medical Bay door I waited awhile on the horse before Sean came and helped me off the horse. Inside the Medical Bay Sean took blood from a needle from my arm. Serena was there and she looked concerned. He told me to go home and rest. The results will come later today. I threw up at the doctor’s. Then Serena came and helped me to a horse and I got on and lay my head on the horse’s head. I was feeling dizzy and sick. Then I was led off the horse and entered a doorway that turned out to be the house with the cats on the sofa waking up. The cats were surprised to see me. They acted surprised. I went to bed.  I had a weird dream. I dreamed I was back in my bed on Earth. Mom was sitting next to me on the bed. She looked worried. 
"Elizabeth?" she said. 
She leaned over me and held my hand. Then a horrible pain came in my head and I fell unconscious. I got up later in the afternoon feeling a little better but my head still stings. The cats walked all over me. I fed them. Then I got a get-well message from Sue on the phone. The doorbell rang. It was Bruce. He seemed concerned. He heard about me throwing up at work. He gave me a hug.  Bruce stayed for an hour holding me. Then he walked home. I watched him leave.  I got a video message from Sean. He said I was suffering from the flu and food allergies. It seems I’m allergic to orange food. I threw away the orange food. I couldn’t return them at the store. They were opened. I got a video message from Anna. She told me not to show up for work tomorrow. Sean‘s orders. I guess I’ll sleep late. I think I’ll go to bed now. Good night. 
	
Yours, 
	Elizabeth


February 26, 2101 
Dear Anne,
 
I think I blacked out and missed the whole day yesterday. I remember sleeping late. I also had another weird dream. I dreamed that mom was shaking me awake calling my name. A man in a doctor's coat was with her in the room. I dreamed he put something on my chest and then said something to mom. Mom looked worried. I wonder why.  The cats walked all over me last night. I left my door open. I ate brunch and worked on my female gymnastics web site. I included a page on competitions from memory such as World Championships. Then I ate a snack. I felt much better. I haven’t thrown up yet. Demeter sat in my lap when I worked on the web site. It’s coming along slowly. Today is payday. The mail person was Georgia. She came to drop off my paycheck.  I got one hundred and fifty in my bank account. I should have earned one hundred dollars but the fifty must be for my medical bill, which I paid.  I watched TV then I went to take a nap.  I felt pretty jumpy. I ate some dinner. I made sure there wasn’t any orange food in my food. I can’t believe I have an allergy. I have the cats in my room. They're exploring and doing their thing which is sniffing and playing with my stuff. My room is in a mess. I left Sue’s old room the way it is. It’s the guest room. I haven’t gotten any furniture for the rooms downstairs besides the bathroom.   I did some work on my gymnastics web site. I included a page on gymnasts and their biographies from memory. I planned to do a web site on my favorite band. I checked online for music. There isn’t any. I think I’ll go to bed. I have Victoria on my lap. I hope she doesn’t plan to snooze. I need to lie down to sleep.
I dreamed of mom again. This time I had a dream of her looking at me as I lay on a bed.  She was holding my hand. I was in my room and she was crying.
 "Lisha" she said. 
Then I passed out and today I got up to fed the cats. They walked all over me during the night. It felt funny having paws walking all over me. I got a video message from Sean. He told me he got my money for the bill. That is nice. I got a video message from Anna who told me to report to work soon.   I was embarrassed that I threw up in front of a customer. How humiliating.  I got a video message from Bruce. He told me he'd come around to see me.  I like him a lot.  I’m in love with him. I like the name Bruce. It’s the name of the actor that plays my favorite character on the popular TV show here in Terra. Bruce came over. It was nice to see him. He was concerned about me.  I showed him my gymnastics web site. He commented on the work I did. Then he kissed me on the lips. We got a little kisser until the phone rang, lights flashing. It was Lad. He wanted Bruce home to do some chores.  Bruce went home. I bid him bye.  Then I took a nap. I felt tired uh I didn't have that dream with mom again.   I slept until the cats demanded they wanted to be fed. They were jumping all over me. Boing, Boing, and more boing. Hmph. The ghost cooked Pizza in the cooker. The cooker is a combination of an oven and a microwave.  There’s a light flashing to tell me when the pizza slices are done cooking. It takes five minutes. The cats are interested in what I’m eating because they were walking on the table trying to sniff my food. Also Demi who seems nuts on cheese was putting her paw on my hands as her way of demanding some cheese. I grumbled and gave her some cheese which she ate but I didn’t give her any more. I just fed them. They're always hungry.  I watched a TV show then I worked on my gymnastics web site. I added more gymnast biographies. Most of them are U.S.A. gymnasts including my favorite gymnast. It’s coming along slowly. I’m using computer graphics to show the skills. I checked the counter. It looked like about a hundred people visited the web site. I added a guest book.  I hope I’ll get more people to leave messages. The cats are fooling with a string. I think they want me to play with them. I’m a little tired. But not too tired to play string with the cats. I played string for thirty minutes. Then the cats lost interest. I went and took my shower. It was great to shower. I felt nice hot water on me. I could have sworn I was taking a bath and someone was washing me like I was an invalid. Very weird but both cats are on my bed snoozing. I like having them on my bed. It is nice. 

	Love, 
	Lisha


February 27, 2101
Dear Anne,  
 
I didn’t sleep very well. I kept waking up due to some needle pinching feeling. I had that dream again. I dreamed I was in the tented hospital where I was when I first caught the virus. They were poking me with needles. It's like they were trying to wake me up then I blacked out.  The cats are in my room exploring. I have been meaning to clean my room. I hope I’m not coming down with insomnia. I hope not. I woke up to feed the cats.  I went back to bed and woke up. I ate some breakfast. I ate a something like a granola bar. It’s a cereal bar with milk in it. At least I won’t have to do the dishes. I drank some milk. I’m glad I’m not allergic to milk. I was going back to bed when the phone rang.  It was Sean on the phone. I told him about waking up and not sleeping properly I also mentioned that I had strange dreams. He suggested I come over for tests. I went to get dressed. I also tried to leave my hair down but the ghost insisted that I put it up. I felt like the ghost grabbed my hair and put in a braid and did the tying. 
I walked in the snow to the Medical Bay. Good thing I wore my boots. It was snowing a bit. At the door I was told by Serena to wait for the doctor to attend to me. Inside Sean did a lot of tests on me. He had me go on a treadmill while breathing through a mask. I wore arm straps. I did a serious of exercises from walking to jogging. Then he examined my eyes and checked my ears and mouth. Then he took samples from my hair, blood and skin.  He wanted to make sure I was perfectly fine.  He gave me a pill bottle of sleeping pills to take. The directions say to take one pill a day. I paid the bill, which was ten dollars by credit card.  Then I walked to the store through the fog again. I tried to look up but some knight that was following me wouldn’t let me look up.
 While at the store I saw Sue and it was great to see to her. She looks fine but seemly nauseous.  I did some shopping. I found a machine that automatically feeds a cat at a certain time. It’s like a computer box. Which it opens the can and puts the right amount of food in the bowl. It’ll be great for feeding my cats real early in the morning. I brought it. Then I took a cab home. 
At home I programmed it to go off early in the morning and when I’m at work. At least I won’t have to leave work to feed the cats. I read the directions and put the cans in the machine.
I walked to the arch and there was a horse there which I nuzzled. I saw a figure in black standing there watching me but the features were not clear. I told the figure I would like to go to the library. Then the ghost helped me onto the horse and the horse was led to the library door. I got off the horse by myself and then entered the library. This time instead of an old moldy library I saw several rows of shelves with books on both sides and a staircase leading to upstairs. 
I tried to go up but some rope appeared on the staircase and it said “Do not enter. Under construction”.
I wanted to look up some books. 
I found the science fiction section marked by the words “Science Fiction”.  I also found a computer that was like a library computer. I looked up books on a rock group. They didn’t have books on music just how to do an instrument books after that I walked home by horse. I fed the cats. I ate some dinner and watched TV.  I have to get up early tomorrow. I took the pills for diabetes and for sleeping. I’m feeling a little tired. I hope I won’t over sleep. The cats are on my bed snoozing. They look cute sleeping curled up together. I hate having to move them. I don’t have a choice. Then for some reason I felt running in the forest behind the house. I went down the basement to the sun room where the back door was and then ran outside. My hands became paws as my form became shorter and shorter then my face got narrower and I ran in the forest in a wolf form. I frolicked in the snow playing with myself. I turned and saw a white wolf who snapped at me. The white wolf proceeded to charge at me. I was annoyed but the white wolf escorted me to the sun room and when I was inside the white wolf ran away as the snow fell. I discovered that there was a snowstorm that night on TV. I think I understand the wolf changes. I must be a skin walker which is a person who can change her form to any animal mostly a wolf. It explains why my parents have been pushing me to like wolves when I was growing up. 

 	Love,
	Lisha


February 28, 2101 
Dear Anne,

I checked the cat machine. It fed the cats. I set it to go off so I don’t have to walk home to feed them. I managed to get to work before the appointed time. Work was fine. The customers were nice to me. I saw Sue. She complained about the nausea and the morning sickness that must be related to pregnancy.  It’s a good thing I brought some food. The food in the machine isn’t good for me. I’m allergic to the food.  I went back to work. I walked home after work. The customers hung around Sue commenting about her pregnancy according to my lip reading.  I ate some dinner. I didn’t do much after dinner. I’m still working tomorrow. I hope the pills are not addicted. I hope not. I don’t want to over sleep again. I did some cleaning. I vacuumed my room. The vacuum is like the vacuums on earth in the twentieth century. It was good to clean my room. The cats sat at the doorway watching me clean. I took a shower after that. Victoria snuck in the bathroom with me. She tried to take a shower with me. She went in the tub then came out fast. I guess she’s afraid of water.  The cats are in my room exploring. It’s nice to see them in my room. I didn’t feel them walking all over me last night. I didn’t take the pill. I think it might be addicted. I left Sean a message on his phone. I asked him if the pills are addicted. I wanted to be sure. I think I’ll go to bed. I have been feeling like there was someone in front of me in my house. I felt like someone a ghost moved aside to let me walk around the house and it doesn't make any sense at all. I felt that running in the forest feeling again. This time I checked the weather report then I went outside and ran around in my wolf form. I saw another wolf who I knew was Bruce. We played tag and mock battles playing with each other. Then we cuddled together and sat in the snow licking each other. I saw a white wolf watching us play. Bruce went up to it and did a bow and gestured with his wolf head to do the same which I did. The white wolf nodded its head and watched us continue to frolic in the snow. Then when it got dark I went inside the house as Bruce walked away. I feel like I’m in love.  

	Love, 
	Lisha


March 1, 2101
Dear Anne,
   
 	I couldn’t sleep. I dreamed that I was sitting on a plane with my mom asleep next to me. I was looking out the window. I could practically feel the vibrations. I had my journal opened on my lap with a pen in my hand. 
I read what I wrote "Mom is taking me to Alaska for another doctor to help me cope with the Virus."
What the heck is this? I'm cured of the virus. I'm not living in the past but the future.  I woke up when a cat landed on me. oof. I think it was Demeter.  I’m going to be tired. I tried to go back to sleep. I took a pill and I’m feeling the affects right now. 
 I got up and I over slept pass my alarm clock. I got a message from Anna on my videophone. She told me Sean asked her to let me work shorter hours today. I left Sean a message about over sleeping pass my alarm clock. Then I’m going back to bed.  I set my alarm clock to wake me up before noon which it did.  I had a dream of mom taking me by the hand through a crowded airport. I tried to read the signs but they didn't make any sense at all. They were bunch of gibberish. Ugh. I had some breakfast. I set the machine to feed the cats. Then I packed a snack in a lunch bag. I walked to work. I did some shopping. I didn’t buy a thing. Work was fine. I wonder why Sean asked Anna for me to work shorter hours today. I asked Anna. She told me she was following doctor’s orders. I checked the break schedule. I have a break coming up. It’s a good thing I packed a snack. Sue wasn’t here. She called out sick. I think it’s her pregnancy. She’s now three months pregnant. The baby is due in September. I can’t wait for her to have the baby. I don’t know if I want to have a baby. 
My break is twenty minutes long. After work Anna told me to go to the auditorium. There was a driving class. I went to the auditorium the driving class was fine. I saw Bruce there. We chatted in sign language about the driving class. Several people asked us what we were talking about. They were curious about our sign language. Then Jeff came onto the stage and pulled something like a wheel from the middle of the stage and then the back of the stage behind him became a screen. He told us to get in line and drive to see how well we were.  
There were computer stimulation's of driving a car and flying it. Each person took their turn and some were rudely laughing at the people who drove erratically. Then it was my turn and I drove the stimulator fine because I remembered dad’s driving lessons. We were graded on how well we used the stimulators. I think I did well. Bruce and I walked home together. We didn’t talk much but I had a creepy feeling of being watched. Bruce kissed me on the lips at the door to my house. I enjoyed it. It was nice to see him.  I watched TV then I ate some food. I got a phone call from Sean telling me to report to the medical bay tomorrow. I set my alarm clock. I hope I wake up then. I think I’ll go to bed early. I’m tired. Early today I felt like I was banging into walls on my way home with Bruce. I didn't tell him this but it feels like I was in a corridor somewhere. I also got an image of white walls whenever I banged into them. It was very odd.  

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


March 2, 2101
Dear Anne,

I woke up again. I couldn’t sleep. I had a disturbing dream. I dreamed that I was in a room with a man dressed as a doctor. He was bald and stood staring at me. It was like he was a psychic.  Mom was next to him interpreting what he said. 
He said "Elizabeth? Tell the virus to leave your mind alone." 
Then I woke up. I confused.  What do they mean leave your mind alone? It doesn't make any sense at all.  I don’t want to take the pill in case I over sleep. I decided to read a book. Victoria and Demeter are on my bed. They're watching me write. I think I’ll try to sleep now. I have to get up soon. yawn. yawn again. I dreamed of the same man again. He was yelling while mom was interpreting. 
He said "Kurt Deboy! Get out of her now!" 
It frightened me. I was scared and felt an awful headache. I fell asleep and then I woke up with my left arm feeling sore. It felt like needles pinched it. Why is the doctor saying Kurt's name? It doesn't make sense. It's really confusing. I got up feeling tired. I walked thru the fog to the medical bay door. Sean stood there glaring at something. I had to wave my hands over his face to get his attention.  I remembered to bring my pills. The doctor’s appointment went fine. Sean did a lot of tests on me. I told him about waking up early in the morning and sleeping pass my alarm clock. He asked me if I had a period. I told him no. He told me my sleepiness must be due to not having a period. The test results show I’m not making hormones in my body. He suggested I take pills at the same time every day to get hormones. I gave him the sleeping pills. Then I was free to go home. I walked home. I got a video message from Anna who told me to report to work. I went home to take a nap then I went to work. I saw Sue. She looked bigger for someone whose three months pregnant. She put on a lot of weight. Her clothes were drapery type clothes. What’s new with her was she complained about the nausea, throwing up and morning sicknesses.  I worked my best cleaning the children’s area. I did my best to work today. Anna told me to report to work tomorrow. After work I walked home. I went home to feed the cats then I ate some dinner. I took the hormone pills today. The side effects are headache and a throw up feeling in my throat. I ate some food and I felt better.  I sat in the kitchen with Victoria in my lap. Demeter tried to play with my pen. It explains my handwriting. I don’t have much to add. I counted the pages.  I filled up thirty-one pages. I think I might want to type what I wrote. It might be a good idea. I don’t know.  I took a shower. The water was hot. I liked it. It was okay. I should be going to bed now.  I wanted to fill up a page. I like to write. It helps me feel good about myself. Writing helps me get rid of my feelings. I feel better writing. I’m in my room and the cats are in my room. I left my bathrobe in an open bureau drawer.  Victoria is sitting in my bureau drawer. Demeter is sitting in my lap. I hate having to move her. I have to go to bed. I had a vision of a white wolf who told me mentally to go outside. I went outside and changed into my wolf form. My senses became alert as Bruce came in a human form. I watched him change into a wolf. Then we walked together in the forest till we reached a clearing. Several other wolves were there playing then they stopped when the white wolf appeared from the forest. It was a meeting of the tribe. The white wolf mentally introduced Bruce and I. The other wolves came to us and sniffed noses and then rubbed themselves on our flanks as if it’s a greeting. After that the white wolf led Bruce and I home. I noticed that I didn’t have any hearing while in the wolf form. I could tell that Bruce didn’t have any hearing at all either. At home I changed out of my wolf form by shaking myself and standing on my hind legs. Bruce did the same and then he kissed me on the lips and walked home. I watched the white wolf leave as I went inside the house. I took a shower because the cats were running away from me with their ears flat. I smell like a dog or a wolf. PU. It was good to shower and then I went to my room and watched the cats peering at me from behind the door. They looked scared but they curiously came in my room and proceeded to sniff me every where. Weird cats. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


March 4, 2101 
Dear Anne, 

I was so tired that I didn’t bother to write in my journal. Once again it was missing and I couldn’t find it at all. Here’s what I did yesterday, I slept fine. I didn't have any weird dreams. The clock woke me up. Work went fine. The customers were okay. I cleaned the children’s area the best I could. I went on my first break with my second break. Anna was in a good mood. I saw Sue working at the credit counter. She was busy. I didn’t talk to her. I looked around for hat and gloves. I think I’m coming down with a cold. I was sneezing last night. I’m still sneezing.  Anna suggested I go to the medical bay to get myself checked. I’m getting sick of going to the medical bay. I’m sick of being tested. I hate the tests. One of the tests is needles put in my arm to draw blood. Disgusting.  My sneezing stopped.  Anna didn’t bug me to go. I brought my lunch and snack to work. I brought a hat and gloves in my favorite color blue. I ate red apples and apple juice. It's one of the foods I can eat. Apples are grown in Canada.  Sue’s break times are different from my break times. I had an hour and fifteen minutes before my shift is over. I brought the hat and gloves from the credit counter where Sue worked. It was great to see Sue. She looked a bit bigger. I guess she might be having twins. I told Sue that. She told me she’s having one baby.  I hope she brought some things. I asked Anna about having a baby shower for Sue. Anna told me there’s one in the works. She’ll let me know when the shower is. I hope Sue will be okay. Anna asked me to come to work tomorrow. I agreed to it. I got home fine. I felt much warmer with my hat and gloves. I wore boots to work. They're comfortable to wear. I found a video message from Sean. He asked me to come to the doctor’s office for an appointment. I’m mad. I’m getting sick of visiting the doctor. Something keeps making me sick. I’m sick of it. I’m annoyed.  I fed the cats.  I ate some dinner with my pills.  I think I’ll go to bed now. I have to get up early. Ugh. I’m sick of getting up early. I’m getting sick of tests. I wonder what tests Sean has in mind. Humph.
I woke up with the cats on me snoozing away. I also saw my journal on the floor. I looked through it and saw some pages appeared to be ripped out. Why are they doing this? It doesn’t make any sense at all.  I had no dreams. Except I could have sworn I heard laugher.  I had an hour to go before my doctor’s appointment. I fed the cats. Victoria was sitting in my lap. She was purring. Demeter was trying to play with my pen. Sigh. I hate tests and the doctor’s appointment. I’m getting sick of it. Ugh. 
The doctor’s appointment went fine. I asked Sean why I had the appointment. He explained I was seen sneezing at work. Sue was also sneezing too. Oh. I’m surprised that I’m not the only one sneezing.  I had my blood tested. I’m getting tired of needles. Ugh. After the appointment I walked to work. I was early that I brought cat food and some food, which I had sent home. Work was fine. The customers were polite to me. Sue worked at the credit register. I brought some food. I ate an apple for snack.  I checked the schedule. I’m not working tomorrow. I walked home. My food was waiting on the steps for me. I brought them inside the house. My food was in a box that was a refrigerator. I left the box outside. It is snowing out. It hasn’t snowed in a long time. I watched the news. The news say there’s a snowstorm coming. Cute. The news added that another ship is coming over today. It’s coming over on the Winchester continent. I checked online. It's bringing stuff. Stuff like materials to build houses and other things.  I checked my gymnastics web site. It had one thousand hits.  I already added a guest book page. I wanted to see if I would get any visitor comments. I added a new layout on my gymnastics web page. Demeter climbed in my lap. She snoozed while I worked on the web site. By the way I took my pills. I plan to sleep late. I hope for some excitement to happen because it’s the same over and over again. I keep writing the same thing over and over again and it’s bound to bore me. What I need is some excitement really. 

	Bored,
	Liz


March 5, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I went to bed and I had no weird dreams.  I got up feeling refreshed. I feel fine. I checked my video messages. No messages. I sent Sue a video message. I complained about going to the doctor and taking blood tests. I wanted to see if she was all right. She wasn’t home. I sent Bruce a video message. I haven’t seen him in a while. Outside it’s snowing hard. I’m surprised that Sue is out in this weather. I watched TV until the TV reception got bad. I wound up watching a video of a TV show that was in the nineties for eight years. Victoria sat in my lap. Demeter was trying to play with my pen. She always wants to play with my pen. The weather outside is still snowing. The snow looks lighter. The phone rang and it was Sue on the phone. She was in the hospital for tests. She checked her video messages and got my message. The hospital is on the other side of town. She’s staying there with Kurt until the storm is calmer. We talked for an hour and thirty minutes by my watch. Sue talked mostly about the baby. I kept trying to steer the conversation from baby talk to something else.  After the phone call I watched the rest of the movie. The cats demanded to be fed. They were meowing at me. Victoria was jumping and pawing my leg. Demeter was trying to play with my pen. She always wants my pen. Then I watched the rest of the movie. Demeter stole my pen. I had to look everywhere for it. I keep the kittens out of the basement. It's not clean down there. I don’t think it’s safe for them to be there. I have to organize the boxes and clean the basement. I found my pen in my pillowcase. I can’t believe Demeter stole my pen. Crazy cat.  She acted excited when she saw my pen. Cute. I checked the weather report. The storm will be over by tomorrow morning. Good thing I’m not working tomorrow. I can stay up late as long as I want to. The phone rang again. It was Sean on the phone. He wanted me to come over in the early afternoon. I won’t be able to sleep late. I have to get up a little bit early. I think I’ll go to bed after the news. The news came on it’s a thirty minute TV show. The news talked about Penny what’s her name. They talked for fifteen minutes about her. Ugh. I can’t write about her in here anymore. I don’t want to talk about her. The news says she committed suicide in her cell. The news said she had surgery on her ears and the surgery made her go deaf. I guess she doesn’t accept being deaf like me. I don’t mind being deaf. It’s a relief. I don’t have to hear unwanted noises. They showed a video of her assaulting me. Then they talked about the weather for the rest of the news. Snow is heavy in Canada. It caused several roofs to collapse. I’m glad the roof in my house is still standing. I hope I have a place to stay if this happens. 
I felt like running in the forest but when I went to the sun room door it refused to open despite my pleas. The front door refused to open either. I was pulling on it and I had a vision that my mom and dad were leaning on the door refusing to let me out. They had concerned looks on their faces like there was something bad outside. I went to the window and I could see nothing but snow. I had a vision of a police car with the words Wolfville on it sitting outside. There were people outside with signs and they were protesting something. It was weird but I could have sworn their signs were about me. Then I felt myself led from the window to my room where I felt something like a needle in my right arm and I felt tired. I managed to write this down.

	Tired,
	Liz 


March 6, 2101  
Dear Anne,

 	The snow was heavy yesterday. The machine fed the cats then I had an hour to go before it was time for me to show up. I hope the roads are clear. I looked out the window. The roads and sidewalks are clear. I didn’t have a vision of the police car and the people either.  The underground heating pipe does wonders.   I went to explore the library before my appointment with the doctor.  I walked to doctors and I could have sworn I was in a police car with my parents to the building. This time instead of books all I saw were videos. There were a lot of videos. My favorite TV show must be popular around here. I wonder what’s popular on Winchester continent. I checked online the computer. My favorite TV show is also popular there. They already built their first house. It’s designed like the twentieth century with futuristic stuff in it. Stuff that are long words I can’t pronounce. The houses are made out of plastic like foam material.  
Then I walked back to the doctor’s office where Sean did a lot of blood tests on me. He explained the results of my tests. Said they came back negative on any known diseases. He thinks I had an allergy that’s all. Sean suggested that I take the diabetes pills with the hormones. He wanted me to write down the side effects. After that I wandered to walk around the library. I could work here instead of the Cherrio store. It seems to be nice.  I sneezed and I think I might be allergic to something in the library. I hope not.  I went home by myself with two knights behind me escorting me. They also guided me home too. I was bored that I worked on my gymnastics web site. It has about two thousand hits. Several people left messages on my guest book. They left nice messages. Such as 
“Great Web site. I enjoyed learning about gymnastics. It’s an interesting sport.”
  	I have about two hundred people in my guest book. I did some work on my web site. I added a picture and animation. I hope to add many things to the web site. I ate some dinner. I took my pills. I was eating something when the phone rang. It scared the cats. Demeter who was snoozing on the table jumped up. Victoria ran off my lap. I got a call from Anna telling me to report to work tomorrow morning. It means going to bed early. I wrote down I feel a throw up feeling and headaches. I hate to take pills but no choice. I feel better writing this down.  I think I shower too long. The water is nice and pleasant. 
I had a vision of a white wolf telling me “Go to your room and sleep now.”
While in the long shower, I went upstairs and found the cats in my room looking at me with a wide eye looks on their faces. Then I sat on the bed and wrote in here as the cats went to my lap and proceeded to fight over who gets to sit on me. I decided to follow the white wolf’s advice and go to sleep. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth,


March 7, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I slept fine with both cats snoozing on my chest. They got over fighting with each other and are like a pack animal snoozing with me. I brought my food in a food bag. I ate an apple. Someone left a computer on in the break room. I used it to check for the news which is just same old news on the Penny suicide and the weather, boring. I ate my lunch. I should have checked out a book from the library. I remember I found books on gymnastics. They were how too books. I guess I got bored. I feel there should be excitement in my life. 
Same old but my life got exciting because I eavesdropped on people talking by reading lips. I read they were talking about colonizing a moon one of three orbiting Terra. That’s where I got my information.  The moon is named PX5. It is green full of life mostly. I have no idea if they are going to colonize the moon. I mean Terra has been just colonized and they’re talking about colonizing the moon. I didn’t tell anyone except Sue about what I read. Sue thought it was too fast rushing it. She thinks we should wait until we finish colonizing Terra. I told Anna about what I lip read. She confirmed it’s true that PX5 will be colonized soon. She’s not sure when. Planet Earth wants PX5 colonized. Messages can be sent as fast as the light.  I can’t wait for space travel to be fast instead of taking years. I ate applesauce. I feel fine. Anna told me there’s a class tonight. I checked the schedule. I have work tomorrow morning for eight hours on my watch. I just finished my shift at the store.  I walked home to feed the cats. They were very hungry. You should see them when it’s feeding time. They act excited whenever their going to be fed.  Several people at work tried to talk to me in sign language. I wound up giving people sign language lessons. I think there should be classes in sign language. I have some ideas on creating a sign language web site.  I went to the library. I looked on a computer to find sign language books. I found the books were checked out. Oh wow. I guess people are getting interested in sign language. 
Several people in class tried to talk to Bruce and me in sign language. We wound up teaching those signs.  Lad interpreted the class. Jeff tried to sign too. He had Lad help him with the signs. Uh? What happened to him being fluent in sign language? Our test results on the stimulators came back. I passed one hundred percent. Those driving lessons from dad paid off.  I asked Bruce what he got. He told me he passed with one hundred too as Georgia who’s in the class asked if there will be sign language classes. Lad told the class he’ll find out. After class Bruce walked me home. It was nice to walk with him. Lad was staying in the auditorium to work. He’s the janitor. We didn’t talk on the way home. I felt a creepy feeling of hands on my back and an image of my mom leading me through corridors of some hospital. As for Bruce and I not talking it was too dark to talk. We reached my place and Bruce kissed me on the lips before leaving to his house. We had been going out for nearly two months. I wonder when I’ll get married. I guess a couple months from now. That is okay with me.  It might be nice to stay home and write books. I have a lot of stories on stuff from Earth to write about. 

	Still writing,	
Elizabeth


March 8, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I forgot to take my pills. I couldn’t sleep well. I didn't have any weird dreams.  I can’t believe I forgot to take my pills. I took them when I woke up. It’s a good thing I went to bed early.  Several customers tried talking to me in sign language. I taught them sign language. Anna seemed annoyed. She wanted me to work instead of teaching sign language. Bruce stopped by. It was great to see him. He was shopping for something. He wouldn’t tell me. I guess it’s a surprise for me. I don’t know I could be wrong about that.  I saw Bruce buying diapers. I guess it’s for his father. Old people need diapers. He must be embarrassed.  I was yawning a lot in work. Sue asked me if I slept well. I told her I forgot to take my pills, and I couldn’t sleep because of that.   Anna told me to go to the doctors. She overheard Sue and me talking about me forgetting my pills. Groans.  She told me to go and come back later.  I went to the doctors. Sean was there. He seemed annoyed. He did tests on me, which involve drawing my blood. I’m getting sick of this. I’m getting tired of having my blood taken. I’m sick of it. Sean told me the test results show I have diabetes and I don’t produce hormones. He gave me some pills to take.  After the tests I walked back to work. 
At work I worked cleaning the children’s area until break time. Break time was fine. I ate a snack, which was applesauce.  I can’t believe Anna overheard our conversation. I’m annoyed about that. It is irritating.  I checked the schedule I’m working the same shift like today. Sigh. What a day. After break time I worked. Several customers talked to me in sign language. Sue worked at the credit register. I did some shopping after work. I looked around for stuff.  I brought some toys for the kittens. The toys were a small fake bunny on a string and ringing balls.  I walked home. I gave the cats the toys. They sniffed it for a minute. Then they left it alone. I pulled the bunny on a string and Victoria played with the bunny. She was cute playing with it.  I could have brought a camera but I don’t know what kind of cameras the store has.  I fed the cats. I worked on my gymnastics web site. I added a page on foreign gymnasts to the web page such as my favorite named Viktoria with a “k”. I mostly put female gymnasts. I don't know much on male gymnasts. I plan to add a sign language web site. It might be nice.  Demeter sat in my lap as I worked on the web page. Victoria played with the bunny. She chewed the ear off.  I have to go to bed. I have to get up early tomorrow. I got Demeter off my lap. She was sitting on my bed snoozing. Victoria is in my bureau drawer. I think she’s asleep. What a cute kitten. Speaking of snoozing I think its time for me to snooze. Good night. 
Humph just as I was going to bed the white wolf appeared in a vision and told me to go outside immediately. I went outside through the sun room and changed into a wolf. Two wolves appeared and led me through the forest to a clearing. I saw the white wolf sitting there and I bowed. The white wolf told me mentally to follow it. I followed it to a clearing where there was a deer a dead one laying on the ground. The white wolf told me to eat it. I felt disgusted and couldn’t refuse so I bit and chewed the dead deer and ate my fill. Then the white wolf led me back to a clearing and two wolves that eerie reminded me of my parents stood. They led me through the forest to the house. I got in with them following me then they disappeared. I took a shower in the basement bathroom and come upstairs wet. The cats were curious and sniffed my clothes. They appeared to be sniffing something invisible which I was confused but assumed that they can sniff my ghost. Then I dragged myself upstairs to bed. 

Tired,
Liz


March 9, 2101
Dear Anne,
  
 I don’t have much to add. It's the same old boredom.  Sue is still expecting a baby. It’s boring here in the store. I lip read the customers. They're talking about a riot in jail. Several prisoners were followers of Penny who believed in perfection. Sheesh. I’m getting annoyed about this crap. It is irritating. What’s so special about perfection? Hmph. It is irritating.  Someone left a computer on in the break room. I don’t know who. I ought to ask Anna about that. I used it to check the news. The news confirmed what the customers have been saying. There is a riot in the jail. The riot has been taken care of.  I asked Anna about the computer. She told me it belongs to the store. We can use it during break times. I worked the best I could. I cleaned the children’s area. I hope to teach a class. I would rather work as a teacher than work here. I ate an apple for snack. I was hungry.  Sue was using the computer. I looked over her shoulder. She was looking for baby stuff. She told me to go away and leave her alone. I asked her why. She told me she wants her privacy online the computer. I don’t think it’s her break time.  I went to check the schedule to see if it was Sue's break time. I checked the schedule. It wasn’t Sue’s break time. I’m working tomorrow.  Anna asked me where’s Sue. I had to be truthful and I told her I saw Sue in the break room. Anna walked to the break room. I have no idea what happened next because I saw Sue coming out of the break room angry. She walked up to me and slapped me on the face calling me a wolf lover. It didn’t make sense why she would call me a wolf lover. I happen to like wolves and think their misunderstood animals in the world.  I worked fine cleaning the children’s area. Later Bruce came by to buy some stuff. He brought clothes. I saw Sue again. She wouldn’t talk to me. She ignored me. I wonder what her problem is and I don’t want to be responsible period. After work I walked home. I didn’t shop for any clothes. I left Sue an apology video message. I wonder what’s wrong with Sue. I wonder why she would use the computer even it’s not her break time.   I ate some dinner then I worked on my gymnastics web site adding more things in the biography web page. I got a call from Anna. She told me Sue has not been feeling well. It was okay for her to take extra breaks. Oh I wonder why Sue wouldn’t talk to me. It’s really weird. I took a shower. Then I got a video message from Sue. She was upset that she had an argument with Kurt. She was also feeling cranky. I checked the computer about the riot. It was controlled. 
	
Bored to tears,
	Liz


March 10, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 This morning I thought about sending Bruce a video message but I decided not too. I don't want to disturb him if he's sleeping at this hour. I looked outside and I saw Sue leave the house. She didn't look like she was in a good mood. She acted angry. I guess she's still mad at Kurt. I wonder what caused their argument.  Sue took the car and drove somewhere. I don't know where.  I saw Kurt come out. He walked to my door and rang the doorbell. I answered it. Kurt asked if he could come in. I told him no I had to report to work in a while. Kurt walked away. He went back in his house.  I wonder what the matter with Kurt is. I walked to work.  Work was fine. I cleaned out the children's area. Several customers signed to me. I signed back. I guess being deaf has its perks.  I asked Sue what she and Kurt were fighting about. She wouldn't tell me. Said it's between her and Kurt. I told her Kurt came over and wanted to come in. Sue finally told me the problem. She suspects Kurt has been cheating on her. She thinks Kurt is dating Serena behind her back. I asked Sue if she had any proof. Sue told me she thinks Serena is pregnant with Kurt’s baby.  I asked her who the father of her baby is. She told me it was Kurt. I asked her where she got the idea of Kurt cheating on her. She didn't know she suspected when she over heard Kurt talking on the phone with Serena. He mentioned fathering Serena's baby.  Anna came by and asked us to work.  I planned to go to the library and do some research. I want to see if I could write a book. I want to write a book. I want to be an author and maybe a teacher at a school. It might be nice to do that. I checked the schedule at the end of my shift. I'm working tomorrow.  Sue is working the same shift as me. Our break times maybe the same. I don't know, could be.  I walked to the library and I looked in the library. I found books on history twenty century. I think I'll write a book about my past life. It might give people an idea of what my life was like in the past.   I walked home. Then I watched some TV.  I changed the channel to watch the news. The news was boring. It talked about the Penny suicide and the jail riot. There's a snowstorm coming tonight. I don't know if I'll be able to work tomorrow. The weather said the storm might blow all day tomorrow. I won't be able to get to work. I'll be stuck in the house bored. It's a good thing I have enough food. I ate some dinner then I took an early shower. I might go to bed later but I'm not tired. I worked on my gymnastics web site. The counter hit two thousand. Wow my site is popular. I started a sign language web site. I added a counter to the web site. I hope it might give people some excitement in boring town. Yawn. I'm bored. I can't help it. I want some excitement.  I can't help feeling bored.  I think I'll go to bed now.  I don't know if I can make it to work due to the storm. 

	Bored stiff,
	Lisha


March 11, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
  I called work and received a video message from Anna who told me that there's no work due to the storm. I went back to bed. I got up and discovered the doorbell light blinking.  Outside was Sue. I let her in. She told me Kurt is the father of Serena's baby. The test results of the paternity by the doctors are positive. She was very upset about this.  I let her stay in her old room. I hope she and Kurt can work things out. She's still in her room. Her door is closed. I think I'll leave her alone. Outside the snowstorm is still raging. I can't see a thing outside. It's all white out except it looked like a sheet was placed over the window.  The door bell rang and it was Kurt. He asked me about Sue. I told him what Sue told me. He confirmed this. 
I told him "I'll get Sue."  
I met her coming down the stairs. I told her it was Kurt. She went to see him. I gave them their privacy. I could hear them yelling with my hearing aids on. The words were too garbled for me to understand. Minutes later I heard the door slam. I saw Sue. She was in a bad mood. I watch her go upstairs. She didn't speak to me. Nothing.  I ate some lunch. I got dressed in my sweat coveralls. Then I watched TV. I didn't see Sue until dinner time. She ate her dinner in silence. Most of the foods I have are good for her to eat for the baby. I asked her what she and Kurt were arguing about. She told me Kurt wanted her to forgive him for cheating on her. She added that she talked to Serena who acted like she was glad to be carrying Kurt's baby.  I asked her if Sean knows about this. She told me he knows. The phone rang. It was Sean. Sue and I had a talk with Sean. He told us he's divorcing Serena.  Sue told us she's divorcing Kurt. We ended the phone call. Sue went to her room. Sue stayed in her room. She didn't come out only to shower. I checked for lights under her doorway. There wasn't a light one. I guess she's in bed now. I should be going to bed but I'm not too tired. I feel upset about what happened to Sue. I can't believe Kurt would cheat on her. I suspected he was cheating on her for awhile. I don't know what will happen now. I guess Kurt will have to marry Serena. He may also pay child support payments to Sue. I don't know if they still have welfare checks in the future. I think I'll go to bed now. Good night.

	Yours, 
	Liz


March 13, 2101
Dear Anne,
   
On the twelfth I woke up early for I had a nightmare.  I dreamed Kurt was about to kill Sue. He was planning to choke her to death and punch her abdomen causing her a miscarriage.  I also had a dream that as Kurt was about to grab Sue, I knocked him down in my wolf form and I bit Kurt in the arm and in his throat and drew blood. I meant she lived because I protected her and the baby from Kurt.  I got up to check on Sue. She was in her room asleep. She seemed fine. I checked the stairs. There were oddly dark stains that smelled weird. There were laser beams like flashlights flashing. I hate it when I have nightmares.  I had an awful taste in my mouth that was weird. I wound up drinking some water and dumping the contents in the trashcan. They eerie looked like blood to me. I slept until noon. I felt a little tired.  I left my door open. I felt cat paws on me. I wasn't sure who. I checked on Sue. Her bed was not made. She wasn't in her room. I went downstairs and found a video note from Sue. She's working today for eight hours. I don't have any work today. I got my check in the mail from Georgia. I got paid. It was nice to be paid.  I ate some breakfast.  I walked over to Bruce's house. I rang the doorbell. Lad answered. He told me in sign language that Bruce and his father have gone back to home. They'll be staying there for a few days.  Then I walked home. It was a beautiful day not a cloud in the sky. The green moon PX5 shined green. I walked to the auditorium where I met Georgia who tried to talk to me in sign language. I wound up teaching her and a few other people from driving class who later showed up some signs. I spent two hours doing that. Then I walked home. I think I could teach a class at the auditorium. It'll be a better job than working in boring store cleaning after people. At home I saw Sue. I told her about Georgia and other people teaching those signs. I added I hope to teach a class at the community center instead of working in the store. Sue told me she wanted to do something else instead of being on her feet all day. She's been tempted to quit.  We had dinner then we watched TV together while eating popcorn. The cats sniffed her. Victoria sat in her lap. Demeter sat in my lap. After the TV show Sue went to her room. I went to take an early shower. It was nice to have company in here. I'm leaving my door open so the cats can come in and do their thing. I didn't tell Sue about my nightmare. I think I'll keep it to myself. I might want to tell her later some day. I think I'll go to bed. I had a vision of the white wolf who told me to be careful around Sue. I wonder why.
 	This morning the thirteenth I woke up feeling refreshed. I even remembered to take my pills. Good thing. I didn't have a nightmare. I'm glad about that. It's a good thing. I feel happy today. I ate some breakfast. I didn't see Sue. Her door was open. I saw Sue asleep on her bed. I think she must be tired.  By the way Sue ate lunch with me. She was still upset with Kurt. The doorbell rang. We went to answer it. Lad was there. He told us he heard about Kurt and Serena. He had papers with him for Sue to sign. She signed the divorce papers. Then I watched him walk over to Sean's house next door.  I didn’t do much for the rest of the night. I have to go take my shower and go to bed early. I hope Sue is okay with the divorce. I can’t believe Kurt would cheat on her. I felt an urge to go outside and run but a vision by the white wolf told me not to. I looked outside and saw blood on the ground. My parents, I guess the ghost kept me from going outside because I had an image of Kurt walking around the house outside with a gun while having bandages on his arm and neck. He appeared to be ranting and raving about something. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


March 14, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I woke up. I don’t know why but the hallway light was flashing. I also felt someone shaking me awake. I had an image of my mother shaking me with a worried expression on her face. 
"Go help Sue" she was saying.
 I walked in the hallway. I saw Sue lying on the floor at the bottom of the stairs. I ran to her. She wasn’t responding to me. I called the hospital on the phone. They came two minutes later. The ambulance took Sue to the hospital. I called Anna on the phone and reached her. I told her Sue wouldn't be in work today because she’s in the hospital.  I hope Sue is fine. The machine fed the kittens. The kittens were both under the chair. I guess the noise and the flashing lights scared them. At work Anna told me Sue nearly had a miscarriage. They managed to save the baby. She’s okay. The doctor thinks Sue slipped and fell down the stairs. I have a strange feeling it was something else but I’m not sure what. It’s a good thing I woke up. I worked the best I could. Anna asked me to do the women’s clothes. Since Sue was in the hospital they were short staffed.  I worked cleaning up the areas. Several customers talked to me in sign language. I told them I hope to teach a sign language class soon. I don’t know when.  I had an apple with apple juice to drink.  Anna told me Sue is staying overnight in the hospital for depression. The doctors think Sue tried to commit suicide. I’m very upset about that. She’s my best friend. It saddens me when she tries to kill herself. I wonder why? 
I remember back in the twentieth century I was in the hospital for depression. I know what Sue is going through. In December I admitted to the school counselor that I was suicidal. I don't remember why I was suicidal. The school counselor drove me to the hospital where I stayed for a few days. I was given some pills for depression.  I hope Sue is okay. I plan to support her best I can.  I worked the best I could. It was a challenge working in the women’s department. I’m children’s department expert but women’s clothes were a mystery for me. I had a hard time helping customers find particular clothes. I was glad work ended. I walked home. It was snowing a little bit. I feel sorry for Sue. I’m upset about what happened to her. I hope the hospital can help her.  I plan to visit her at the hospital soon. I fed the kittens. Then I called the hospital. I asked them about visitor hours. They told me visitor hours are 4pm to 6pm and 7pm to 8pm. I plan to visit her soon. I asked about Sue. They told me she’s doing fine.  I checked online to where the hospital is. It's next to the medical bay. It’s also within walking distance. The kittens wanted to play with my pen, so it explains my handwriting. 
Around an appointed visiting hour’s time, I walked to the hospital. It took me twenty minutes to get there. I walked thru the arch and then was led to a horse by a ghost and pushed onto the horse. Then the horse led me to a door, which I got off and I went in. Inside was a lobby like the one Sue and I visited before meeting Jeff.  I saw a lady dressed in white with a hat on her head sitting at a desk looking at me and I asked her about Sue. The lady was nice. She tried to sign to me. She told me Sue is in room number 405. I took the elevator to Sue’s floor but the elevator went down instead of going up. It was down to the fourth floor. The hospital is similar to the one I stayed in one hundred years ago. I found room 405 easily. Sue was lying in her bed staring at the wall.  I waved a hand in front of her face and didn’t get a response. A nurse came in the room. She waved to get my attention. She told me in finger spelling that Sue has been staring at the wall the whole time she’s been here.  I touched Sue on the arm and shook her. She responded. Sue stared at me. 
I spoke “Sue, Hello it’s your best friend Elizabeth.”
 	She burst in tears. She cried signing that she was upset about Kurt. She was upset that Kurt cheated on her. Sue added she felt like he used her.  I stayed for an hour. I held Sue in a hug. Then I left her at 8pm. She went to sleep. I walked home in the dark and it was pitch black that I couldn’t see. I felt a rope in my right hand which I gripped and then the rope pulled me home to the house. I also had that weird feeling of being led to the house by my parents again. At home the cats were happy to see me. They enjoyed getting pets and scratches.  I watched the news then took a shower. I left Sue’s door open. I think the fur balls will get a kick out of playing in Sue’s room. I wonder if I could bring them in to the hospital. I have to ask to be sure. I’m working tomorrow.

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


March 15, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I arrived at work on time to find the power was off. I sat in the break room waiting for the power to go on. Anna wasn’t in a good mood. She seemed upset. I guess it was the power off. I went with Anna around the store. The power came back on.  It put Anna in a good mood. Work was fine. I cleaned both children’s and women’s departments. Sue was still out in the hospital.  I brought my own food. I remembered to take my pills at the correct time. 
I saw Anna. She seemed annoyed.  Anna wasn’t in a good mood.  The power went out again. It went out during my break time. I had a flashlight I found on the table to use to write with. I’m not very happy with the power going out. The power was still out. I don’t have much to do. The employees were in the break room waiting for Anna. She was on the phone talking to the power company. I’m surprised that there are power companies. The power came back on at the end of my break. I’m glad about that. Work was not fine. Due to the power outage, several customers shoplifted. I’m annoyed that happened. We caught three people trying to leave the store with items in their hands. Anna says the cameras run on a different generator.   So we can see who shoplifted and charge them with a fine for that.  I was glad my shift ended. I can’t wait to see Sue. I walked home and fed the fuzzies. They were excited to be fed.  I hope I won’t work overtime. I hope not.  I planned to visit Sue so I could talk to her.  I’m upset that she tried to kill herself. She’s expecting a baby.  I walked to the hospital. Sue was up in her room staring at the wall. I got her attention. We signed a nice conversation. We talked about the baby. The baby is fine.  I stayed for an hour with Sue. Then I walked home. At home I watched the news. The news say tomorrow is going to be a pretty day.  Oh I better go to bed. Good night. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


March 18, 2101
Dear Elizabeth,

My journal went missing again. I wasn’t able to write in it for a few days. I also missed the opportunity to talk about what happened on Saint Patrick’s Day which was on the seventeenth yesterday. It was an interesting day. I got up at a normal hour on seventeenth. The sixteenth went fine. Anna called me on that day to tell me that there was no work the next day due to a holiday, called Saint Patrick’s Day. On the Seventeenth I got up and the ghost led me to the attic to something covered in plastic. I took the plastic item and put it in the bedroom. The ghost made me open it. Inside was a green dress sort of a fancy type like the plain medieval dress I wear. It was really weird. I put it on and then the ghost led me outside where Bruce was there dressed in green tights and a tunic. We stood staring at each other as ropes were tied around our right hands binding us together while in the whiteness of the fog surrounding us. I stared at his eyes as he stared back at me. We both seemed out of it. Then for some reason I kissed Bruce on the lips and he kissed me back. It felt so right. I wanted to have sex with him right then and there but then the white wolf came and pulled off the ropes off our right hands with its’ teeth and then we were separated and I was led back to the house where I was put to bed. I also felt the ghost take a picture of us and the dress I was wearing. It was weird and I felt out of my mind like I was in a dream.  
Today I woke up at a really early hour.  I woke up when I felt a cat land on my back. It scared the living out of me. I’m annoyed about that.  I went back to sleep. The clock woke me up. I fed the cats. I think they were hungry. Maybe that was why they woke me up.  After the news I walked to work. I walked to work. The power was off again. I was annoyed about this.  Several people tried to shoplift.  It was irritating. I had short fifteen-minute breaks at noon. Anna told me to leave the store. There was a bomb. I left my journal in my locker I think and wasn’t able to get to it until later. I discovered it appeared that some people were reading it. While outside with the police I saw my journal lying open in a cop car. I was annoyed. When I went to ask for it Anna hauled me away as the bomb squad came. They found the bomb and disabled it. The police have no idea that left it there. The power came back on. Anna wasn’t in a good mood. She was really annoyed about what happened. What an annoying day but excitement too. I get to have two days off after tomorrow.  I cleaned both women’s and children’s areas. I felt overwhelmed. It was hard work. I was glad my shift ended. I walked home. It was snowing outside. The snow was okay not to hard just soft. I didn’t stick my tongue to taste the snow I had to work in the women and children’s clothes. Several people signed to me. They asked about Sue. I told them she was in the hospital. I didn’t tell them she was in there for depression. They think she is having problems with the baby. It was too much for me to work two areas. I got overwhelmed when I had to clean both areas. I took my break at twelve. I ate an apple.  The customers signed to me. Anna seemed annoyed. I had some fruit for snack.  I can’t wait to learn how to drive. I also can’t wait to teach a class. I hope Sue can afford the hospital stays. I don’t think we have insurance. The last time I stayed in a hospital was for sickness by the madman. It was the second time I stayed in the hospital.   I walked home after work. I fed the kittens then I ate some dinner. I watched the news then I walked to the hospital. I saw Sue. She was a little bit better. The baby is doing fine. She and I talked about the baby and her hospital stay in the hospital. I’m hoping that she’ll be out by tomorrow. I told her about staying in the hospital for depression before the sickness. Sue was surprised I didn’t tell her that. I told her I was embarrassed about this.  I walked home in the dark for I wasn’t able to get a cab. I did call the cab company on the video phone but the lady told me glaringly that the cabs were out. I had a feeling that she was lying but I decided to walk home instead. It was scary walking home. My imagination went wild. I imagined people sitting in trees. I kept looking behind me because I had this sensation of someone putting their hands on my shoulders. I felt like I was guided towards home. I also blacked out and dreamed that it was mom who was guiding me. Dad was next to me with a flashlight. I also was escorted by two wolves who reminded me of my parents. They escorted me to the house and then they disappeared. I think they are my parents but I’m not sure. It was weird.  I got home safely. The cats were happy to see me. I gave those cats rubs and scratches
 	One thing I miss is my family my parents and relatives. I miss them. I tried to find a picture online the computer but couldn’t. I kept getting a web page that says "Page cannot be displayed".  I’m upset about that.  I took a shower then I watched the news. Nothing new. It mentioned Sue in the hospital. It didn’t say why.  I looked up religions. I got some weird web site about believing in a god named High Council. It is very weird. It didn’t say a thing about the religion I was raised in. 
Later Sue came home with my journal. She was upset about something but she handed me the journal and wouldn’t talk about why she had it. She told me someone from work took it and handed it to her. She admitted that she didn’t read it but I could tell that she was lying about that. She was told from the doctor to rest for a while which means she won’t be working for two days. I’m happy that Sue is okay. I miss my family. I wonder what's mom and dad is doing? Why am I thinking them alive? It doesn't make sense at all. It’s nice to be home. I fed the cats.  I worked on my gymnastics web site. I added more biography on the foreign female gymnasts. Many people filled up the guest book.  Victoria sat in my lap when I worked on the guest book. I checked web sites on religion. There’s a web site on a god named High Council. What a weird religion. I decided to start a web site on a religion involving a male King named Lance Richard. The white wolf told me in a vision to do that. I hope people won’t mind it.  After that I went to take a shower. Sue stayed in her room. I miss Bruce. I miss him. I sent Lad a video message asking about Bruce but he was out. Then I went to my room as dictated by the White wolf who told me to. 

	Elizabeth


March 19, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I went to bed and I didn't have any weird dreams.  The machine fed the cats. I ignored them when they jumped on my back and walked all over me. Sue left her door closed so the kittens couldn’t go in her room. I had some lunch. Then I watched the news. Their talking about the web site I put up about Lance Richard last night. I didn’t include my name in the web site. They think it’s weird. They talked about it being an old religion from Earth. I hope Bruce likes it. It’ll be awhile before he comes home to here. I got e-mail from Lad. He told me Bruce is staying in Canada for a week. I replied that I miss him. He was a good guy. I hope he has a good religion. I don’t know about High Council. Weird.  I watched some TV all day. Then I walked to the library. I didn’t see Sue before I left to the library. She was still in her room. I left her a note telling her where I was going. Then I walked to the library. On the way I walked thru the fog and I saw some people were acting like they were whispering talking about some thing. I think it might be my religious web site. I hope not.  I walked home. I saw Sue. She found my Lance Richard web site. She liked it. I added a guest book. I know I shouldn’t but I wanted to see what people say about it.  I watched the news. The news talked about my web site. The news talked about me creating it. How did they know I created it? I didn't put my name on it. It sure was very strange.  Sue wrote a nice comment about my web site in the guest book.  

Elizabeth, Good to broaden your horizons on creating web sites. I'm proud of you and encourage you to keep doing it. It may help you get good job skills and feel better about yourself. So keep up the good work.

This sounded like my mother talking this to me instead of Sue. It was very weird. The kittens are in my room. Victoria is in my bureau drawer. Demeter is sitting on my bed watching me write. I stayed up late because I wanted to. I checked my guess book. I got negative e-mails from people thinking my religion is a no no. I can’t help it. I wonder what Bruce thinks about this? I got positive e-mails from Bruce and Lad.
From Lad
Nice web site. Keep up the good work. Perhaps you can have a job in Web site design. 
From Bruce:
I enjoyed your web site. It was really good. It's good to have a web site on the old religion. Thanks Lizzie
   I wonder why people have to be negative. I can’t write this down. It’s too ridiculous for my journal.   I added a web site about High Council. Who the depths is High Council?! I couldn’t find a web site on High Council.

	Weird out,
	Lisha


March 20, 2101 
Dear Anne,

 I worked on my High Council web site. I added a guest book. I’m trying to be fair. I saw Sue. She told me she’s going to take a walk. I hope she’s all right.  I ate some lunch. Then the doorbell rang. It was the news people complete with a camera that looked old fashioned and a lady that had a weird look on her face. She looked Native American and was wearing a red suit. They asked me questions about my Lance Richard web site. How did they discover this? The only other person who knew was Sue. I think she blabbed. I saw her outside talking to the news crew and she pointed to our house. I told them that I don’t know a thing about High Council. I was honest. I explained I was from the twentieth century. They were very understanding. I saw the report on the news. They were very nice to me. Georgia stopped by and had a book with her. Told me the book explains High Council. I told her I got negative e-mails from people in my web page. Georgia explained many people here are very strong traditions on religions. I asked her what religion she’s in. She explained she was a believer of High Council. I read the book for two hours. Sue came home to eat. I showed her the book. She seemed oddly interested in it for someone who's supposed to be atheist. She claimed to me once that she didn’t believe in any religions or anything to that involved.  High Council is a god all right. He’s a Native American who represents all human races. The book was confusing. It didn’t explain High Council very well. The book explained he’s the god of Nature including the Terrania Unity Games. The Terrania Unity Games are going to be on earth in three years. I wonder what life on Earth is like.  I could ask someone from Earth to tell me. I watched too much TV. I walked around the neighborhood.  It was nice out. I walked home. I have dinner cooking in the oven. I'm still confused about the god. It is weird.  I'm bored. 
Sue is here in her room. She left her door open. I think the cats are in her room exploring. Her light is on.  I checked on her she was asleep.  Victoria was sitting on her bed next to her head. She's staring at Sue. Demeter tried to sit on Sue's stomach. Sue moved to her side. I can't sleep with a light on. My room has to be totally dark. My room window looks out the back yard. The yard is big with a river going pass the house.  I could see mountains in the distance. There are crystal spires on the mountains. I think they were left there from people who used to live here in the pass.  I hope when they came that their friendly. I have to go to bed early I'm working tomorrow.  I rather work elsewhere. It'll be nice to teach sign language. I would love to teach a class. I think I could make a call to the community center about that.  I'll do it tomorrow. I checked the news. The weather said it's going to be a beautiful day tomorrow. I can't help agreeing about that. Outside its dark out the sun has gone. I should be taking my shower and going to bed. I have to get up early tomorrow.

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


March 21, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
Before going to work I got a phone call from Anna. She told me to bring Sue along. I had to coax Sue out of bed. We were late to work for ten minutes. At work I found the store closed and the lights off. Anna told us the power went out again. We went to the break room. The lights came on and there were all of the employees surprising Sue and I. Two birthday cakes and baby stuff for Sue. Several people told me they liked my High Council web site. I told them about Georgia giving me the High Council book. I was afraid to mention about being confused about High Council. Anna asked me about my religion. She explained she was confused. I told her truthfully that I was confused about High Council. I explained the book didn’t help. Anna told me she read a book about the religion and still couldn't understand it either.  I explained about Lance Richard being an old religion on Earth. She was interested. I told her it was neither my birthday nor Sue's day. Anna explained the employees wanted a party and they thought it was nice gesture to celebrate birthdays.  I got presents. I got three homemade bracelets made out of string. I put them on. The bracelets had symbols of Ancient Egypt woven on them. They were in three colors, blue, white and red.  I got a silver pendant of a bird that resembled the symbol of Osiris an Egyptian God. The necklace looked old and reminded me of my mom’s necklace.  I don't think I'll take it off. From Anna a religious book on Lance Richard. I think it was the book she was reading because the book looked used.  Sue went home with the baby stuff by cab. I went back to work. I told everybody that I was diabetic. Anna told me the cake is okay for me to eat. I tasted it. It tastes like apples.  I had cake and apple juice to drink. Someone nicely put fruit drinks in the drink machine.  Work went fine. The customers tried to talk to me in sign language. They were nice. Some treated me rudely in sign. I asked why. An old lady told me she doesn't approve of my Lance Richard web site.  I told her it's my religion. The lady was shocked by what I told her. She left the store. The excitement came when she set off the alarms. She tried to blame me for putting a lipstick in her bag.  Instead Anna had the old lady arrested. She looked mad. The old lady turned out to be Penny's mother. Phyla Smith is her name.  I don't believe it.  I checked online for High Council web sites. I only found my web site. I'm surprised that no one made a web site about him. I asked Anna questions about High Council. She told me the religion involves the Terrania Unity Games. There are several people who have evolved the religion to involved perfection. They think people have to be a certain height, weight and must have good ears and eyesight to qualify for perfection. Anna truthfully told me she believes in toleration for others. She doesn't believe in perfection. She thinks it's a load of garbage.  I checked the schedule I'm working tomorrow. Anna told me there was a driving class tonight. I went home after work. I found the living room full of baby stuff. There was a crib, diapers made out of cloth, baby rattles, baby powder, and other items I don't recognize. They looked weird.  I told Sue there was a driving class tonight. Sue asked to come along. I hope Bruce is there. I like him. I think I'm in love with Bruce. I told that to Sue. She thinks it's a case of puppy love.  Class went fine. People were talking about Phyla Smith, Penny's mom. Bruce wasn't there. Sue tried the stimulator and got one hundred percent grade on it. There was no interpreter. Jeff did his best to sign. Sue helped him out. She became my interpreter. Thanks Sue. I thanked her after class and Jeff let Sue drove us home.  I called Lad on the phone and reached his answering machine. I inquired about his descendant Bruce. I admitted I'm in love with him.  I had a long day. I have to get up early tomorrow. Sue is in her room. I went to check on her. I found her watching TV.  
I told her "I'll see you at work tomorrow."
She waved as if she heard me then continued watching TV. She was watching the news. The news talked about the arrest of Phyla Smith. I went back to my room to go to bed.

	Love,
	Elizabeth


March 22, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 Sue arrived at work. It was good to see her. I expected her to go straight to work. She went to the computer and was online looking for stuff. She told me she read my High Council book. She had several ideas for my web site. I told her to help herself.  I think she should be working. Sue left the room to work. I checked on the web site. She added information about him being the god of the Terrania Unity Games. I hope she doesn't start believing in the perfection garbage. I really hope not. She even added a picture of High Council. He looks like a Native American all right. He had Native American tribal clothes, headdress, tunic, pants, and a cape. That's a first. A cape?! I hope Sue doesn't start believing this crap. It’s a weird religion. I hope Sue is okay working. I asked Sue what she thinks about the High Council religion. She thinks it’s weird except she had a crazy look on her face. I recognized that look on her face. I know it's when she believes in something and she shows that crazy look on her face. I asked her where she got the picture. She told me she drew it after asking Anna what he may have looked like.  I worked the best I could. The customers were polite to me. They were nice. They tried to talk to me in sign language. I told them I hope to teach a sign language class.  Anna was more interested in seeing me work them teach sign language. 
Sue and I walked home after work. I thanked Sue for adding the drawing. I told her she should teach a drawing class instead of working. She told me to teach sign language. Halfway to home we walked to the auditorium office. Sue grabbed my arm and clung to me like she was scared of something. It was weird. I found Jayna there. We asked her if we could teach a sign language class. She told us she'll find out.  I can't wait to teach sign language. I don't want to work at the store anymore. So does Sue. We walked home. On the way I got sensations that I was in a plane. My ears were hurting. I saw myself sitting in a plane seat with mom asleep next to me. 
I looked down and saw I wrote "Tamkan, New York."
Sue had to shake me because I was out of it. At home I got a video message from Lad. He told me Bruce admitted he's in love with me. Wow. I'm impressed. I sent Lad a video message asking for Bruce's phone number. I haven't received a video message from Bruce yet. I took an early shower. I'm not sleeping well. I seem to be waking up at early hours in the morning. I been meaning to write this down but I forget or too tired to do that.  I think I'll go to bed early. I'm still wearing that necklace and the bracelets. I like them. I haven't taken them off. I think I'll take off the bracelets. I took them off to shower. I plan to wear them a lot. I hope I won't wear them down. I think I'll go to bed now. I wonder what happened to that White wolf. I haven’t had any commands from it. 

	Tired,
	Elizabeth


March 23, 2101
Dear Anne,
  
 I didn't sleep very well last night. I kept waking up. I went to sleep at a late hour and I woke up early because I had a nightmare. I dreamed of High Council ordering for my death. I dreamed that the police came and hauled me out of bed. They took me to the auditorium with other people there. On the stage was High Council. 
He made a slicing motion on his neck as to say "Kill her".
 The police men took me to a room with a chair full of wires and sat me in it. I sat shivering and then I woke up. Then I freed myself by changing into a wolf form and running around the room. I managed to throw myself through a window and ran into the forest where I found the white wolf and sat down snoozing. Then I felt myself being carried and laid down on a bed where I went back to sleep after that. The clock woke me up. I did feel sore like I had cuts and scratches on my back. I checked Sue's room. She was out somewhere. She left a note explaining she's at work. The note was taped on the refrigerator. The cats walked all over me last night. I couldn't tell which cat tried to sit on my face last night.  I hope I'll be fine. I checked the cat food machine. It’s on its last can. I brought some cat food. I sent it home. I worked the best I could. Sue was in the break room online the computer. I peeked over her shoulder. She's looking at baby stuff such as cribs. I can't believe it. She already got a crib and she's looking for a new one? I told her that. She told me she thinks her maybe having twins. She's not sure yet. I think it explains why Sue is a little big. I think the baby is going to be big. Kurt is six feet tall. Sue is around my height, five feet and two inches. Some one put health food I can eat in the snack machine. How nice of them. I don't have to bring food but I'll keep bringing food in case the snack machine is out of food. I checked the schedule Sue and I are working tomorrow. Oh boy. I walked home after work. I taught Sue how to use the machine to feed the cats. I loaded it up with cans of cat food. I worked on my gymnastics web site in my room. The TV can also be a computer. I checked on Sue. She was working on the High Council web site. I told her to add her name to the web site. Then I went to my room to work on my gymnastics web site. I found Sue added a picture of my favorite gymnast. Her name is a French name. She has a Romanian last name. I like her. She's my favorite. I looked online for web sites on her. I couldn't find any. I found some web sites on names. The web site gives the names and their meanings.  I looked for Sue's name. I found a lot of meanings. Wow.  I hope she chooses the right name for her baby. I went to Sue's room. She was there. I asked her what's she's going to name her baby if girl and if boy.  She told me she was going to name if boy Kurt, but she changed her mind. She's going to go with her father's name Edward. She added if girl she'd call her Dominique after her mother.  Dominique is the same name of my favorite gymnast. I'm glad Sue added a picture. I think after work maybe I could find a book on Dominique. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


March 24, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 Sue and I have different break times. I have two thirty minute breaks. She has two fifteen minute breaks and thirty minutes for lunch. I think it’s because she's expecting a baby. Work went fine. The customers talked me about Sue's drawing of High Council. I think Sue should teach a drawing class. They liked her drawings. They even liked her drawing of a gymnast on my gymnastics web site. Sue came in the break room and sat down. I asked her if she was feeling all right. She told me she felt some pains. I told her I'll go find Anna. She told me not to bother. Anna came. I told her Sue was feeling pains. 
Anna asked Sue a bunch of questions such as "Where is the pains?"
 Anna then told Sue to go to the hospital. She explained that every pain should be checked out for complications. Then the ambulance people came and Sue went to the hospital. I hope Sue is okay. I hope so. I hope she's fine. I asked Anna about Sue. She explained Sue went in premature labor. They were able to stop the labor with medicines. Anna added the baby is on the large side. So it's quite a strain for Sue.  I worked the best I could. The customers were messy today. They even signed to me. I like it when people try to sign to me. I checked the schedule Sue has a day off.  After work I walked to the hospital and I found out from the lady in the lobby who told me that Sue is staying overnight. I went home to get some stuff for Sue. I got some clothes packed along with the High Council book. She wasn't finished reading. I think maybe I could get a drawing pad and pencil for her to draw.  At the hospital I found out where Sue is staying. Then I walked to her room. She wasn't in a good mood. She was upset that the baby was on the large side. I tried to cheer her up. I told her she'll be home tomorrow. She might be in bed for awhile. I don't know but maybe. I spent an hour with her.  We talked mostly about the baby. Then I took a cab home. It was dark out. I don't like walking home in the dark. Ugh. The house seemed empty without her. The cats were happy to see me. I forgot to feed them. I fed them. I have to get up tomorrow. I'm still not sleeping well. I keep waking up early in the morning. I think going to bed early might be helpful in case I wake up at 1am in the morning. I set the machine to feed the cats. I hope it'll work fine. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


March 25, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 Anna told me the hospital sent Sue home. They gave her doctor's orders to stay in bed for a week. She's going to miss a lot of work.  Anna asked me to work in the women's department. I worked the best I could. I can't wait for Anna to get another employee. I'm feeling a little overwhelmed. My nose is stuffed. I hope I'm not coming down with a cold. I didn’t sleep well last night. I kept waking up to see what time it was. I hate it when I do that. I guess it must be from eating at a late hour. I was hungry. No more snacks at that hour. Anna told me Phyla Smith got a slap on the wrist for stealing the lipstick. She told me Phyla was told to stay away from me.  I don't want to hang around her at all. Work went fine. I still felt overwhelmed cleaning both children's and women's departments. It was tiring. I had plenty to do. I checked the schedule. I'm not working for two days.  I plan to look for pencils and drawing pads. I think I'll buy it for Sue. It'll give her something to do during her bed rest. After work I looked for drawing pads and pencils. I had a hard time finding them. I had to ask Anna for help. She showed me where they were. I brought a pad and a set of ten pencils with a pencil sharpener. Then I walked home. I found Sue in her room upstairs. I told her I could help her move her bed to the bedroom next to the bathroom. Sue told me it was a good idea. It'll be a short trip instead of stairs. I gave her the drawing pad and pencils. She liked them. I helped her haul her bed, which was just a twin size mattress down stairs to a room next to the bathroom.  I must complain but I did most of the hauling. Sue wasn’t much help either. The cats sat on the table and watched us do this. They can't help being curious.  I plan to use the basement bathroom to take my shower. I want to leave the kitchen bathroom free for Sue to go. I'm still wearing that Osiris necklace. I haven't taken it off. I like wearing it because I’m honoring my mom. I still wear the bracelets. I take the bracelets off to take my shower. I took my shower in the basement bathroom. I came out and found Sue lying in the hallway. I tried to wake her up. She was stilling breathing I called the hospital and told them this. The ambulance flew over and they took her to the hospital. I hope she's doing fine. I can't believe she fainted.  I watched some TV. I was still a little worried about Sue. The hospital left a message. They said she had gestational diabetes. She'll be staying for a few days. It seemed her diet wasn't helping her with her baby.  I plan to visit Sue in the hospital tomorrow.

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


March 26, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I didn't sleep well. I was too worried about Sue. I kept waking up. I fell asleep. I packed Sue a bag of clothes and her drawing pad with pencils and pencils sharpener. I called the hospital and inquired about their visiting hours.  I got to the hospital to visit Sue. She was lying in her bed staring at the wall. 
I asked her “Are you all right?"
Sue told me "I'm feeling woozy and dizzy. It's hard to focus so I'm staring at the wall."
I gave her the stuff. She told me to put them on the night table besides her bed. Then I stayed until the nurse shooed me out. I walked home. I felt like I was in a car riding to somewhere. It was very weird. At home the phone rang. On the phone was Bruce. It was great to hear from him. He told me he'd be coming to town tomorrow. I told him about Sue and what happened to her. I felt relieved telling him this. He told me he was sorry for not calling me. He has been busy with work. His dad is a fisherman. A fisherman called out sick for a while so he's been helping his dad. We talked for an hour then ended with "I love you”. It’s the first time I’ve said “I love you” to a guy other than my father or relatives.
 I'm bored waiting for Sue.  I left the house. I went to the hospital. I found Sue in the depression ward. The nurse explained to me that she had a depression attack and was starving herself. She fainted from lack of food. I can't believe she would do that. She has a baby to think of.  We talked for an hour mostly about the baby and Sue's drawings. I asked to see her drawings. She showed them to me. She was working on a drawing of her parents and brother. Her drawings were very good. I think she should teach a class. I told her once she gets out of the hospital maybe she could teach me how to draw. I would love to draw like her. She draws very well. She sighed and frowned in my face. I walked home because the cabs were out. Once again I was escorted by two wolves. Then I watched some TV. The news said a ship is coming tonight. It's from Planet Earth. I'm glad about that. The ship is bringing new technology to make ships in space go faster.  The crew has been sleeping for ten years. Wow. That's exciting. I hope she's okay. I can't believe she had a depression attack.  I went to the hospital despite it wasn't visiting hours. I saw Sue. It was great to see her. Her mood was better. She seemed cheered up. She showed me drawings of her family, Bruce and me. I asked her if she could draw houses.  She told me she'd try.  We talked about drawings for the whole time. She taught me how to draw a face. My drawing came out ridiculous.  I took a cab home. At home I watched a two hour video tape to pass the time before bedtime.

Yours truly,
Elizabeth 




March 27, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
	 I went to bed and I didn’t sleep well. I was feeling hot. I woke up in the morning feeling cold. Brr. I left the heater off. I had awhile before seeing Sue so I went back to bed. I woke up when a cat landed on my stomach. Oof it was Victoria. I woke up to see dad standing over my bed telling me to wake up. Then my vision clouded and I was back in my room. I checked the machine. It didn’t feed the cats. I forgot to set the machine.  I set the machine and fed the cats. I ate some lunch then the doorbell rang. The kitchen light turned on and off to let me know the doorbell was ringing.  It was Bruce. He had flowers for me. The flowers were fake roses. They smelled like roses but were silk flowers. I kissed him on the lips. Then we sat in my living room couch talking about Canada and fishing. Bruce hates fishing. He hates it. I had to agree with him. I mentioned about visiting Sue and her divorce. Bruce told me Kurt should be paying Sue child support payments. It was nearly the time to visit Sue so Bruce walked me over to the hospital. At the hospital Bruce gave Sue a hug. Then he surprised her with a silk flower. Sue showed us drawings of us. She let us keep the drawings. We stayed for an hour signing to her. Our conversation was about her baby. 
Me: "How is the baby?"
Sue: "Doing fine. I'm nearly four months pregnant."
The baby is coming fine.  She should be feeling the baby move soon. I don’t have much experience in pregnancies so I have no idea of what Sue is suffering from. Bruce walked me home. I saw him enter his house. Oh I told him about going back to see Sue. Bruce told me he couldn’t make it.  I ate some dinner then I watched the news for thirty minutes. Then I walked to the hospital in the dark and was scary. Once again I had that feeling of someone putting their hands on my shoulders and guiding me to the hospital. I also passed through that stone arch again through the fog to the hospital wing. I also was escorted by two wolves too. I could have called a cab but I wanted to save my money. Sue was in her room. She was still in bed. She told me the doctor told her to stay in bed. The baby is on the large size. I hope she feels some movements. She showed me a drawing of our house. It looked good. I think she should teach a drawing class. I stayed for an hour then I called a cab and was driven home by Jeff. Jeff arrived by walking in the room and told me to follow him. I followed him outside where someone put a blindfold over my face and I was put in the cab. I took the blindfold off to see smoke surrounding the cab through the windows of the car which was a mini-van. Then Jeff turned around and told me politely to get out. I got out and the fog lifted to show me standing in front of the house I was staying in. 
At home I wandered around the house. I checked Sue’s old room upstairs for any furniture to move to the bedroom downstairs. There was a dresser but it was too heavy for me to move.  I wandered down stairs. I checked online the computer. The High Council website had a thousand hits. Many people left good messages. Some were not so good. I can’t write it down in here. They used swear words.  I can’t believe it. I have to go to bed now. I already took my shower. I have a headache. I don’t feel good. I managed to make sure I ate right. I even took my pills. 
	I was about to go to bed when I felt like I had to go outside. So I went outside with two wolves. We ran like a pack and scented something like deer. Then tracked the deer till the three of us came to a deer carcass where the white wolf was there eating. The food looked good that the white wolf let me eat while my parents in their wolf form stood watching. I ate my fill and then Bruce in his wolf form came and ate his fill. Then he left. The two wolves escorted me home. At home I took a shower to get rid of the smell for the cats. Then I went to bed. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


March 28, 2101 
Dear Anne,

 I arrived at work. Anna seemed confused to see me. I explained I was here to work. She told me to check the schedule. I did.  It’s my day off. Sue is supposed to be working but I explained to Anna she’s in the hospital.   I walked home. I went back to bed. I slept in my clothes. Demeter woke me up by chewing on my ear. Ow. Crazy cat. I left her in the basement. I think it’s time for me to clean the basement. I checked the litter box. The litter box is a machine that cleans the litter box for me. I don’t have to clean it. The machine’s litterbag was full so I dumped it in the garbage can outside.  I checked the food machine. It fed the cats. Victoria is sitting in my lap purring as I write. She is cute. Aw. I hate to move the cat to get up.   I ate lunch. I freed Demeter from the basement. She was glad to be out of the basement. I went to find the vacuum cleaner in the closet. I couldn’t find it. I think my ghost was using it because I heard with my hearing aids some vacuum cleaning noises from upstairs. When I went to check the noises stopped.   I think I need to go to the store and buy one. I don’t know if they have vacuum cleaners. 
I visited Sue by the same way of the fog. It was great to see her. She’s been in the hospital for three days.  I was told that she could go home tomorrow. The doctors are giving her medicine to combat the depression caused by diabetes. I told her what the doctors told me. She confirmed it. We talked about the baby. Then I took a cab home. I brought along clean clothes for Sue which is the sack dress that she’s been wearing lately. I brought home her dirty clothes. She’s been drawing a lot. She could teach a class. I called work and asked Anna about Vacuum cleaners. She was confused. I did my best to explain them. She explained the rugs are machines that self cleaned itself. That’s nice. I went to eat dinner. The Kitchen light flashed. It was the doorbell. It was Bruce. He surprised me with a drawing of me. His drawing wasn’t that good but it was good. I taped it to my refrigerator door. He didn’t stay long.  I called a cab and went to the hospital. I found Sue in her room still in bed. She was in a good mood. She had been drawing. She showed me her drawings. They were pictures of people like her, Bruce and me. We talked for an hour talking mostly about Soap Operas.  I told her Kurt’s cheating is like a soap opera. She wasn’t happy about that.  I called a cab to send me home. At home I worked on my gymnastics web site and I added a drawing of me. I wanted people to know what I look like.  

	Love,
	Lisha 


March 30, 2101
Dear Anne,

I couldn’t find my journal again so I had to go a day without it. Yesterday I walked to work. Anna wasn’t confused to see me. The power went out. The police came here. They arrested several people for shoplifting.  I haven’t seen Phyla Smith. Good I don’t like her. I’m not fond of people who believe in the perfection garbage. The power went back on. It was a relief. The police came when the power went off. Several people tried to shoplift. Shame on them.  I think I saw Phyla but it turned to be Georgia. I wonder why Georgia has the same hairstyle as Phyla which is short spiky green hair like a punk rocker but she was dressed in an orange jumpsuit like Phyla Smith was.  I ate an apple. I’m sure Sue is coming home today. Oh good I’m glad. I checked online the computer for my High Council website. It received one thousand hits. The drawing Sue did is beautiful. She drew it very good. I checked my gymnastics website. I remembered to take my pills this morning. I have a headache. I’m not feeling well. I forgot to add I didn’t sleep well. I was tired this morning. It was great to go home.  It was a relief to go home. I saw Sue watching the news on TV. The news talked about a new ship is coming with technology to colonize PX5 the green moon in the sky.  I would love to go to PX5 it’ll be nice to go. I walked home. I found out Sue fed the cats. They were eating when I got home. It’s been awhile since Sue fed the cats.  I slept for two hours. My headache went away. I feel better.  I checked the TV room. Sue wasn’t there. I found her in her room asleep. I saw Victoria sitting next to Sue. Sue left the light on. I turned it off. Then I went to the basement bathroom to take my shower. It was good to shower. Then I went back to my room. I took my pills. I have to take them at 12pm and 9pm. they’re for diabetes.  I checked on Sue. She was asleep with Demeter next to her. I left the door open. Then I turned off the kitchen light. I went upstairs to my room.  I left my door open so Demeter can come in. Victoria is in my bureau drawer. I think she’s asleep.  I have a headache. I went to bed. 
I woke up and it was today. My headache was gone. I’m glad it was good to sleep. I also had another weird dream. I seemed too spaced out and dreamed this. I got up and tried on summer clothes. I put on blue shorts and a red top.  Terra doesn’t have summer here. Its always winter. I wonder do we celebrate Christmas.  I guess they might celebrate High Council Day.  I ate some breakfast. I saw Sue watching TV in her room. I moved her TV from the bedroom upstairs to her room. She was surprised to see it. It was a great idea. At work several customers signed to me. It was nice of them. Anna was annoyed about me teaching sign language. She wanted me to work. I cleaned both the children and women’s departments. It was hard work.  I planned to walk to the community center to inquire about a sign language class.  I walked to the community center after work by sniffing in the fog. I saw Jayna there and I asked her about Sign language classes. She told me she’ll find out about that. I’m getting suspicious. I don't think she's actually finding out on this. I think she's putting me off. She had a look of disgust on her face when I asked her. She couldn't wait for me to get away from her. I walked home. I found Sue drawing in her room. I told her about Jayna.  She thinks Jayna is a believer of perfection. The kittens tried to sit in Sue’s lap but she moved them. She didn’t want the cats on her bothering the baby. I took my pills. I have a headache. I am getting them lately. I hope I’m okay. I think I’ll go to bed now. I have to get up early tomorrow. Victoria is sitting on my bed watching me. What a peeper.

	Love, 
	Elizabeth 

 								March 31, 2101 
Dear Anne,
 
 Here's what happened at work, was Phyla Smith was arrested again. She shoplifted again. I was in the women's section picking up clothes when the lights above flashed. Anna told me the store was updated with technology to keep shoplifters from taking things that don't belong to them. At the entrance was Phyla Smith. She was annoyed and belligerent. Anna firmly insisted on a strip search in the security office. Phyla refused and the security officers hauled her to their office. I went back to work.  I think she’s going to get a slap on the wrist again. I asked Anna about that. She explained Mrs. Smith has a problem. She’s shoplifter who can’t help it. She’ll receive some jail time probably a month in jail.  I ate apple pie for lunch with milk to drink. It’s been awhile since I drank milk. The ship yesterday came with cows frozen. The cows brought milk.  I worked the best I could mostly picking up clothes falling off the hangers. These hangers aren't holding clothes very well. The clothes keep sliding off of them. It gave me something to do. Mrs. Smith I learned later did receive a month of jail time. Anna told me. I feel fine. My headache was gone. I asked Anna about teaching a sign language class. She told me it was okay with her. I told her about Jayna telling me she’ll find out. Anna told me Jayna believes in perfection. I think she doesn’t approve of me. Jayna seems to be a nice lady.  I checked the schedule. I’m working tomorrow. One thing I remembered tomorrow is April fool’s day. I hate April fool’s day. I hate it. I had a bad experience in my childhood. Several kids I was playing with tried to pull my clothes off. It happened when I was a kid. Ever since I always hated April fool’s Day. I took a cab home. I checked on Sue who was in her room watching a video. She told me she wanted a web site on our favorite Soap Opera.  I made a web site on the soap opera we favor. I told Sue to check it out. She was surprised.  I told her to draw the pictures and put them on the web site.  I answered the doorbell. My room light blinked on and off. The house lights are to blink on and off in whether room I’m in to tell me the doorbell or phone is ringing.  I checked the phone then the door. Sean was there with flowers. I let him in with and led him to Sue’s room.  I went to my room to watch TV. Then I checked on Sue. Her door was closed. I looked around for the kittens. They were in my room playing with a piece of string. It was funny watching them. 

Yours,
Elizabeth


April 1, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I woke up with dread. I checked on Sue. Her door was still closed. I have no idea if Sean left or not.  I had two hours before I report to work.  The kittens are still playing with the string. They played all night? I didn’t feel a cat on me last night. I guess they were playing and having fun.  I walked to work. It was a lousy day because several customers played tricks on me. Such as standing behind me and following me around, and also mimic what I'm doing. I noticed this because a customer would come up to me to ask me something in sign language. They would look pass me and laugh. It was Anna who told me about this joke. I can’t believe we still have April fool’s day. Humph.  I was in a bad mood. Anna wasn’t in a good mood. I asked her why. She told me she hates April fool’s Day. I told her I agreed with her. Someone turned the machines off. What a total, I can’t write that. That’s swearing. I promised myself I wouldn’t write swear words in here. The machines were the food machines in the break room. I had to buy my food.  Garrett the cashier played tricks on me. Made me think the amount was one hundred dollars when it was ten dollars. Anna came by and docked one hundred dollar pay from Garrett. I've been noticing that Garrett has been looking annoyed at me. I also noticed that he looked past me as if there was someone next to me. It was very weird.  I hope Sue doesn’t play any tricks on me. I didn’t play a thing on her either. Anna wasn’t in a good mood. Several customers tried to shoplift. There were several arrests. I’m getting sick of people shoplifting. I’m getting sick of this job. I can’t wait to teach a class. I walked to the community center thru the fog and asked Jayna if Sue could teach a drawing class. She told me she’d find out. Her face brightened up when I mentioned Sue teaching a drawing class. I noticed that Jayna was drawing something. I walked home. It was great to see Sue. I didn’t play any tricks on her. I complained about the customers shoplifting. She told me to put up with that.  She showed me drawings of our kittens Victoria and Demeter. The drawings were very good. I liked them. I told her about going to the community center to see if she could teach a drawing class. I added that Jayna told me she’d find out.  I fed the cats. I can’t wait for this day to be over. Tomorrow is payday. I can’t wait. I checked the refrigerator and discovered we were nearly out of food. I walked to work and went shopping.  Shopping turned out to be disaster. I met Jayna in the store and she played tricks on me. She followed me around with two fingers over my head as if I had bunny ears. I didn't notice or paid attention to the people laughing at me. It was Georgia who told me of Jayna's trick. I hate April fool’s day. I hate it. I’m not in a good mood. I brought some food. I tried to get a cab but they were out. I had to carry four bags of food home. It was awful. Lucky none of the food went bad.  At home I took an early shower.  I can’t wait for the day to be over.
 I asked Sue about Sean. She told me he wanted to marry her. She decided to think about it.  I went to my room. Sue closed the door behind me. Actually she slammed the door behind me. I guess she wanted her privacy. I checked Sue’s old room.  I think I need help hauling her dresser down the stairs. I got a water bottle because I have been thirsty while sleeping. I figured I could get a drink of water from the bottle in my sleep instead of waking up and getting a drink of water. 

	Feeling Lousy, 
	Elizabeth


April 3, 2101
Dear Anne,

 I woke up at 3am in the morning. I threw up in my wastebasket. Must be something I ate. Then I went back to sleep. I had a weird dream about me getting up to change clothes. It’s the second night in a row I had that dream. The clothes are summer clothes.  What’s with the summer clothes? It is weird. I noticed one thing. I was in a room that had southwestern drawings on the wall. It's like Arizona or New Mexico. I recall looking out the window and seeing cactuses and plants as far as the eye could see. I also could see mountains out of rocks. 
I dreamed I wrote the words "I'm in New Mexico." 
Very weird, I want to complain some things about my job. The customers were nice but their messy. I’m getting sick of it. After work I think I’ll walk to the community center and ask Jayna about teaching a class. I hope she got news. I’m getting sick of the job. Sue is lucky she doesn’t have to work.  I checked the schedule. I have two days in a row off. I’m glad. It’ll give me some time to rest my back. It hurts. After work I walked to the community center. Jayna was disgusted with me. I could tell by her face that she didn't want to help me. I asked her about Sue teaching a class in drawing or sign language. Jayna told me several people asked her about a sign language class. She added she’ll find out. I walked home. At home I found Sue asleep in her room. I asked the computer if she eaten or not. The computer confirmed she eaten. The computer is a nice invention. I like it. Victoria and Demeter are in the kitchen hanging around their food bowls. I checked the machine. It fed them at 7am. I went to ask Sue if she fed them but couldn’t because she was asleep. I fed the cats. They ate it fast. They must be hungry.  The computer confirmed they weren’t fed at 12pm. Humph Sue. She must have forgotten. 
I felt much better. My back felt a little sore. I went downstairs and found Sue on the videophone. She was talking to Sean.  I ate my breakfast. Then I wandered in the basement. Victoria and Demeter came with me. I left the door open. They followed me in the basement.  I watched them play in the empty boxes. They would sit and peer out at me. Cute. I feel like laughing. Haha. I looked through the boxes. Most were empty. I put the empty boxes in one corner of the basement room. The boxes that were filled with stuff I put in another corner. There were videos. Several boxes had items I didn’t recognize. I put them in another corner. Then I went upstairs. The kittens followed me upstairs. I found the basement door locked and had to pound on it. Sue opened it with a surprised look on her face but knowing her it was faked.  Then I went to cook lunch. I had goo that tasted like French fries and fish sticks in the oven. I told Sue about them. She told me she wasn’t hungry. I told her she must eat for the baby. She rolled her eyes and seemed disgusted. 
I recognized the look as if "Oh great she's telling me what to do." 
When the goo was ready she ate with me. We ate in silence.  Then she went to her room to draw. I watched a movie about the making of my favorite TV show.  There’s a new series. I have been watching it nearly every night. I have videotapes of the series.
I went out for a walk and wound up in the hospital. Let me start at the beginning. I went out for a walk. I brought my journal in a small bag. I wanted to write out. I put on my cloak which was bright red. I couldn’t find my black cloak at all. Then I walked around the neighbor hood. I saw Jayna driving in her flying car. She aimed it at me. She tried to run me down. I hit the ground and rolled.  I felt pain in my left arm or wrist like it was a needle shot. I hit the ground and stayed down. I watched Jayna drive away. Bruce came out of his house. He ran to me. He told me he videotaped Jayna shooting me and trying to run me down. The ambulance took me to the hospital. I was knocked out. I woke up with my left arm in a cast. A doctor with Lad interpreting told me I was shot with a bullet that entered my left arm around the wrist area. It aggravated an injury to the area.  Bruce was there looking concerned. He was upset. The doctor left me. Bruce told me Jayna was arrested. She’ll be tried in court tomorrow. Lucky I still have my journal. A nurse came and told the Arkovs visiting hours was 4pm to 5pm and 7pm to 8pm.They left me. As for my diary I think someone may have read it. It looked a little used. I think my privacy was violated.  I hope I go home tomorrow. I hate hospitals. The beds are uncomfortable and there’s no privacy from the nurses who keep coming in my room to shine a flashlight in my eyes.  I hope Sue comes to visit me. I tried to sleep. A nurse came in my room and left the door open. The hallway light kept me awake. My eyes are light sensitive. I have to keep my room completely dark so I can sleep.  I had to get up and close the door.  My left arm hurts. It hurts badly. I can’t sleep. There’s no TV to watch. I got up and felt dizzy and decided to stay in bed. I’m glad I have my journal with me. I can record my thoughts.  I think I’ll try to sleep now. Good night. 

	Hurting, 
	Lizzie


April 4, 2101
Dear Anne,  

I was waked up by a laughing nurse at an early hour.  I didn’t sleep well due to that nurse who kept waking me up like it was a game. The bed was hard. The nurse checked my blood pressure. I got up and felt a little dizzy but I walked around. The hospital is like the hospital I visited Sue. I discovered I was in the depression ward. I asked a nurse why. The nurse told me in finger spelling that people who received bullet wounds get depressed. I don’t feel depressed. I feel angry. I had breakfast. A nurse gave me pills to take. I can’t wait to go home. I’m bored. I hope Sue will visit me. It’ll be nice to have company. I feel tired and dizzy. I went back to sleep. Bruce woke me up by kissing me on the lips. He brought me a bag of clothes. I was wearing a crew necked nightgown that I felt a gagging sensation. Bruce stayed with me well pass 5pm. A nurse had to tell him to go home.  I had a hard time signing with my left arm. It hurts. I was happy to see Bruce. We talked about Jayna. She was found guilty of trying to run me down and shooting me. I was surprised about that because I didn't come in court to testify. I asked Bruce what the camera looks like. He told me he’d bring a camera with him to take pictures. I was sad to see Bruce leave. It was great to see him. A nurse came in my room and told me its dinnertime.  I changed my clothes. Then I went to eat dinner.  The TV doesn’t have closed captions.  I felt a little dizzy so I went back to bed. I felt someone shaking me and waked me up. It was Sue who looked annoyed. She came in a wheelchair. It was great to see her. She brought along some books for me to read. The books were of the new series on TV. I liked them. She stayed for an hour. We talked about my hospital stay. My left arm hurt from signing. So we talked with Sue signing. She understands me very well. After that Sue wheeled herself out of my room.  I have awhile before I go to bed. I’m feeling fine. I can’t wait to get out of the hospital. I hate it here. I guess I’ll probably miss work.  I get free shampoo, brush, and toothpaste.  I also got free towels.  I hid my diary in my pillowcase. I came out to see a nurse reading it. It was very rude of her. She was practically laughing at what I wrote in the journal. She kept laughing as she handed it to me and left the room. I’m annoyed and embarrassed. I felt my privacy was violated. I can’t wait to get out of the hospital. I was going crazy here. I hope the nurse keep the door closed this time. I left a note on the door. 
"Please keep door closed. I'm trying to sleep." 

Violated,
Elizabeth


April 5, 2101
Dear Anne, 
 
I did not having a good time sleeping. The nurse ignored my note on the door. I don’t have a roommate. I’m annoyed, I ‘m not sleeping well. I moved to the other bed near the window and I slept okay. I can’t wait to get out of the hospital. The nurse woke me up by shaking me. She told me it was time to get up and eat breakfast.  I hid this diary in my tights. By the way the nurse wasn’t surprised to see me in the other bed. She suspected it. I hope I go home today. I’m sick of the hospital.  I’m surprised that they have orange juice here. They don’t have a computer. I’m bored. The TV doesn’t have closed captions. I complained to a nurse. She had a look of disgust on her face. I think she’s a perfectionist. I can’t wait to go home. I asked the same nurse when I go home. She told me today. I can’t wait. I’m excited. I went to my room to take a nap. Bruce waked me up. He kissed me on the lips. I packed my stuff in a bag. Once again I was blindfolded and I was led what appeared to be an elevator that went up. Then through an area that had smoke which made me cough and some very hot heated areas. I feel like they were hallways. Then the blind fold was taken off and I was sitting in a flying car with Bruce driving us home with Lad in the front seat. Looking out the window there was the usual fog again too. At home it was great to see Sue. She looked bigger. She complained of feeling nausea. It was great to be home. I hugged the kittens. Victoria didn’t mind being held. Demeter didn’t like being held. I washed my clothes in the washing machine in the basement downstairs. I saw Sue. She was walking in the house getting some exercise. I went to the computer. I checked online my websites. I got nice comments from people in my gymnastics website. There were nicer comments in my High Council website. The comments were in swearing words. I’m not happy about that. I was waiting for lunch to cook which its macaroni and cheese. I’m cooking two for Sue and me. I called Anna at work and told her that I was in the hospital for a gunshot wound. Anna told me she heard about it. She heard it was Jayna who did the shooting. Jayna was given an operation to make her deaf. I feel sorry for Jayna. I wonder who’ll work at the community center. I commented to Sue that. Sue told me she asked to replace Jayna. So she’ll be working at the community center starting tomorrow. She now has a wheelchair to use. I feel sorry for her. We ate lunch. The cat machine fed the kittens. They looked so cute sleeping together. You should have seen them get up. The moment they heard the machine leaving food they got up and ran to the bowls. Cute kittens. I read a book. Sue gave me three books of my favorite TV show. It’s a trilogy. I’m on book number one. I hope to read book number two. I was told by the doctor to take the week off from work. I won’t be working this week. Lucky for me the doctor told Anna that. She understands. I’m going to be bored. I wonder if I could teach a sign language class. That’ll be nice. I told Sue about catching a nurse reading my diary. She was upset about that. She told me she caught a nurse looking at her drawings and laughing at them. Rude of her. I have to take it easy tonight.  Bruce came over to visit me by ringing the door bell. 
He signed my cast. With love, Bruce
Bruce told me Sue signed it Graces to High Council. Sue
 	Bruce invited me to the library. We walked over with me holding Bruce’s arm as he sniffed his way thru the fog to the library and hung out. I looked at books in the library. Bruce showed me a book by his favorite author Beth Hoyer. She’s also my favorite author too. She wrote many books in her lifetime. I feel close to her. She is also deaf like me. Bruce walked me home thru the fog again. I could have sworn I saw his eyes glow yellow when he walked me home thru the fog. At home he kissed me on the lips then he left. I cooked dinner for Sue and me. We ate sandwiches. I fed the cats. They were excited to be fed.  I checked the litter box bag. It was full so I threw it in the garbage. Sue told me the garbage gets burned into fuel. What a nice invention. It is very good. I’m glad to be home from the hospital. I’m having a hard time signing with my arm in a cast. I watched the news. They report a probe has reached the third planet in a solar system. The planet is habitually for Humans. They are considering colonization. I was hoping for news on a possible first contact. I hope so. It’ll be nice to see other alien races.  I wonder what their like? I hope their nice people. Sue starts working at the community center tomorrow from 9am to 5pm. She’ll be using the wheelchair because the doctor told her to stay off her feet. I think she should be resting instead of working. Sue told me it’s temporary. She’s teaching Georgia how to do the job. Georgia will be working at the community center once Sue Okays it. I can’t wait. I hope Sue lets me teach a sign language class.  Victoria is sitting on my bed asleep. Demeter is in my bureau drawer. I don’t know what I’ll be doing tomorrow. I hope I sleep late. 

Yours truly,	
Elizabeth


April 6, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 My left arm is bothering me. I was told to take pills for the pain. I was worried that the pills might be addicted. I couldn’t tell Sue. Victoria was elsewhere. Demeter was still in my bureau drawer. I left my bathrobe in my bureau drawer. I hope Demeter gets a kick out of snoozing on my bathrobe.  I got up to discover Sue left a note. She’s at the community center teaching Georgia how to be a secretary.  I’m eating an apple while I wait for my fries to cook. I hope Sue brought a lunch along. She’ll be home around 5pm. I hope she’ll be fine at the community center. The phone rang and I got a call from Georgia. Sue fainted at work. She’s in the hospital. The doctors think it’s her diabetes that made her fainted.  I waited until 4pm to visit her.  Sue is staying overnight to be sure she and the baby are fine. I brought along a book for her to read. I finish book one in the trilogy. I gave it to Sue. She hasn’t read it. I hope she reads it. I hope so. I’m getting tired of her winding up in a hospital.  We talked about the baby.  I asked her what the baby’s sex is. She told me she wanted to be surprised when it’s time for the baby to come in September. That’s odd. At first she told me the baby was a boy and then she was seen shopping for girl stuff. Weird.  I walked home. It was great to be home. I plan to visit her at 7pm. I hope I can call a cab. The kitchen light flashed. It was the doorbell. I saw Sean. I told him Sue was in the hospital. She fainted at work.  Sean asked me some questions about Sue. Some were personal like what was her favorite flower and stuff like that. I think Sean is in love with Sue.  I didn't answer very much. I left Sean to figure out the rest for him. I told him to ask Sue himself on what she likes. I read book number two in the trilogy. Then I went to the hospital thru the foggy dark. I’m still confused on this. I also went in the lobby of the hospital and then went to her room like I was being led to the room. I saw Sue. We chatted about Sean. I told her about him coming by and asking personal questions.  She was annoyed. Sean came by. He had roses. Sue asked me to leave Sean and her alone for a minute. I went out in the hallway for a while. Then Sean left. 
I asked Sue "When's the wedding?" 
She didn’t think it was funny. She wouldn't tell me. I had to walk home in the dark again. The cab service was out. Apparently there are thirty cabs and their all being used. I called Bruce but got a video message. I had to walk home. It was scary walking home. I also had a sensation of tripping and stumbling over plants. I also had a sensation of seeing tents with people in them. It was very weird.  I'm nervous. It was worse that there were no streetlights. I kept imagining people in trees. Sheesh. There were weird noises I can't explain them I heard by wearing my hearing aids. They sounded weird. It was great to be home. It was great to see the kittens. I liked them. Victoria and Demeter seem to have grown a bit. They look a little bigger. It might be awhile before their grown. I'll miss having them being kittens.  By the way my left arm was bothering me. So my arm felt better after taking the pills prescribed. The cast is washable.  I didn't have to worry about it getting wet.  I looked in the boxes downstairs in the basement. There were items I didn't recognize. I ought to go online and find them. Looking through the boxes was dirty so I took a shower.  I even put on new clothes. I got my pajamas dirty. I have three pairs of pajamas. Their v-neck nightgown in three different colors Red, White and blue. The colors of the U.S.A. I ought to make a web site about the past. I think I'll go to bed now. Good night. 

	Yours, 
	Elizabeth


April 7, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I woke up at 2:30am to see my hall way light flashing. I left my door open so the cats can come in and do their thing. I went to the hallway and I found at the bottom of the stairs Phyla Smith unconscious. She had a gun in her left hand. I think she was going to shoot me. The police came and they arrested her. They carried her to the car. She was still asleep. Then they inspected the front door. It seems I forgot to lock the door hence she getting in. She would have made it up the stairs if it wasn't for the weapon alarm. It made me a little tired. My arm was bothering me. I guess those pills don't work very much. I got up before noon. I didn’t feel refreshed. I felt tired.  I remembered to lock the door. The lights in the kitchen flickered. I went to the phone and discovered it was the doorbell. I opened the door and screamed. It was Sue. I hugged her. She was disgusted that I hugged her. I was glad to see her. I cooked lunch. She went to her room.  It was green granola bars with green drink. When the food was ready I knocked on Sue's door. She came out and ate the food in silence. Then she went to her room. I cleaned the dishes. I have a lot to clean. There is a dishwashing machine but I haven't figured out how to use it. I finished book number two. I couldn't put it down. It was so good. I can't believe it. I gave the book to Sue. She finished book number one. The books are about a bunch of people in the future.  Some are aliens. I hope to meet an alien someday. It'll be great. I’m now on book number three. It's interesting reading the books.  It is very interesting. I didn't finish book number three. At 5pm I cooked dinner then I knocked on Sue's door. She came out and we ate in silence. I wonder why Sue didn't want to talk. I tried to talk to her but she mostly ignored me. How rude. I went to my room to read book number three. The light in my room flashed. I went downstairs and discovered it was the phone. It was Lad. He seemed angry. He got my message yesterday about all the cabs being in used and having to walk home. Lad told me he checked the Cab Company and discovered there were several cabs free. The lady lied to me. Lad suspects she's a perfectionist follower. He thinks she hacked through my door locks and let Phyla in my house. We signed off.  I'm getting a little sick of the perfectionists. It annoys me. I hope Sue doesn't become a perfectionist. I really value our friendship.  I knocked on her door and opened it. Sue was busy drawing. She seemed annoyed to see me. I asked her why. She told me to leave her alone.  I closed the door and then I went to my room to watch TV. I took a shower after a TV show. I used the bathroom next to Sue's room. I wanted to be mean back. She was mean to me so I wanted some revenge. I came out of the bathroom. Sue opened her door and in sign language she told me to use the basement bathroom. Then she slammed her door. I went upstairs to my room. I checked online my High Council web site. I got nice comments in swear words. Don't these people know that swear words are a no no around here?  I checked for any comments from Sue. There were none. I called Bruce and reached him. We chatted for five minutes. I told Bruce about Sue's rudeness. He thinks its part of her pregnancy.  We signed off. Then I went to my room to write. I'm annoyed with Sue. Being pregnant is no excuse to be rude to me. My left arm hurt so I took a pill. My arm felt better after that. I think I'll read. I don't think I can sleep. Sue's rudeness worries me. She better not be a perfectionist. I really hope not. 

	Worried, 
	Elizabeth


April 8, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 I went to bed after finishing book number three in the futuristic trilogy. I woke up feeling refreshed and relaxed. Sue's odd behavior fills me with dread. I brought book number three down stairs. I left it on the kitchen table. I made breakfast for myself.  I used the bathroom in the basement. I had to go. I left the food on the table. I came back and discovered my food gone along with book number three in the trilogy.   I banged on Sue's door and received no answer. Then I tried to open the door and found it locked. Humph. I had to make more waffles and orange juice. It is annoying when your best friend eats your food. I think it's a high time Sue made her own food.  This is not a hotel. The light flickered. I checked it was Sean on the phone. He wanted Sue. 
I knocked on Sue's door and yelled "Phone! It's Sean!" 
She came out with a dirty plate and a dirty cup. She thrust it at me and went to the phone. I left her dirty dishes in the sink. I think she should wash her own dishes. I tried to eavesdrop on the conversation. Sue waved me away. I could hear their voices with my hearing aids but I couldn't understand a word. Sue was on the phone for two hours. I went to my room to watch TV. I left the door open. I ate a snack. Sue didn't wash her dishes. I left them in the sink. I called Sean on the phone. I told him about her behavior. He thinks its pregnancy related. For some reason I could tell that he was lying when he told me that. Then I went to my room to write. I had been hiding my journal in my bed. I don't want anyone nosy to read it. It's private.  I cooked dinner for myself. Then I ate it. I washed my dishes and went to my room to watch TV. The hallway light flickered. Sue was at the bottom of the stairs next to the kitchen door.
She signed "When is dinner?"
I told her it's her turn to cook. She slammed the kitchen door. I stayed in my room watching TV. One thing about TV is there are no commercials. I'm glad about that.  I showered in the basement bathroom. I still haven't seen Sue. I wonder what's wrong with her. I wonder why she's acting like this. She's my best friend.  I'll feel sad if we stop being friends.  I saw Sue come out of the bathroom as I came up from the basement. She went in her room slamming the door. She left her dishes in the sink. What a pile of dishes. I checked the refrigerator. She didn't eat very much. I hope she learns how to cook. 

Upset,
Elizabeth


April 9, 2101
Dear Anne, 
 
 I went to bed and I didn't have a weird dream. It is odd. I usually have weird dreams.  I made some breakfast. Sue came out of her room. She asked me where her food is. I told her to prepare it for herself. She was rude to me. She went in her room slamming the door. Is this what pregnancy is like? I don't want to have a baby if I'm going to be acting like that. I ate breakfast then I went to my room to watch TV. I ate a snack. I checked the refrigerator. Sue ate some food. She left her dirty dishes in the sink. She really ought to wash her dishes. I'm watching the news. The news talked about Jayna committed suicide in her cell. She hanged herself. Phyla was charged with weapon's possession. She'll be going to jail for a year. They added a ship has landed on PX5 renamed Edenia the green moon. They hope to hear from the crew soon. I hope so, nothing much to add. I'm going crazy with boredom here. I'm bored. I can't wait to work. I rather work in the community center teaching a class. Speaking of community center I'm surprised that Sue isn't teaching Georgia, Jayna's old job. I'm surprised about that.
 I guess, oh my room light blinked.  I got to the phone and discovered Sue talking to someone. I let her talk alone. I went to the door. There was no one there. I decided to see whom Sue was talking to. She hung up on the phone and went to her room.  I called Bruce and reached him. He told me Sue told him I was not available. I explained Sue's behavior. He thinks its something else. He also looked nervous and appeared to look over my shoulder as I talked to him. I wonder why Sue is acting like this.   Bruce and I talked for an hour. Sue was rude. She asked me to get off the phone. She was expecting a call. Bruce and I signed off. I asked Sue what's her problem. She told me to shut up and don't ask questions. The kitchen light blinked. It was the phone. Sean was on the phone asking for Sue. 
I knocked on Sue's door and yelled "Phone! It's Sean!"
 	She came out of her room and went to the phone. She wouldn't let me eavesdrop.  I have dinner cooking in the oven.   I went downstairs to the basement bathroom. Then I went upstairs to my room I found most of the stuff gone from the oven. I suspected Sue. I wonder what the matter with her is. Why is she acting like this? I ate the rest of dinner. Then I washed my dishes. I left Sue's dishes alone. I ought to learn how to use the dishwasher. It might be easier to wash Sue's dishes. I checked and discovered we didn’t have dishwashing soap. I left Sue a note taped on the refrigerator telling her I was going to the store.
 
	Yours,
	Elizabeth


April 10, 2101
Dear Anne,

 I'm not in a good mood. I hid my journal in my pillowcase. Yesterday I walked to the store and brought dishwashing soap. Then I walked home. I couldn’t get in because Sue locked the door. I also had to sleep outside in the cold due to Sue being rude. She peered at me through the window and wouldn’t let me in despite my cries. She was looking at me oddly like I was a stranger. Then this morning I managed to get in and I found my diary gone. I think Sue took it. I knocked on her door and received no answer. The door was locked. I looked through the boxes in my room. I spent the rest of the evening looking through boxes in the basement. I took a shower in the basement bathroom. I think I ought to take my journal with me from now on. I plan to keep it on my person for a while. I didn't sleep well last night. I kept waking up. I was wondering what Sue was doing to my journal.  This morning I found my journal on the table in the kitchen. I checked it for damage. There was none. I didn't get a comment from Sue.  I called Bruce on the phone and reached him. I told him about Sue locking me out last night and letting me sleep outside in the cold. I didn't tell him about my journal. I'm not comfortable talking about my journal with Bruce. Sue was rude. She asked me to get off the phone. She was expecting a phone call. Bruce and I signed off. The phone rang. It was Sean. Sue went to answer it. I have no idea what was being said. I cooked some lunch in the oven. Sue was still on the phone.   I put Sue's dirty dishes in the dishwasher. Then I figured out how to start it. I remembered to put the soap in the washer. I ate lunch. Sue got off the phone. She went to her room. I left Sue a note telling her I was going to see Bruce. I walked to his house. I saw Sean lawn mowing the grass. The lawnmower looked weird. It was similar to the lawnmowers on Earth.  I asked him about Sue's behavior. He told me Serena is not acting like that. She's hungry all the time.  I went to Bruce's house. It was a waste of time. Lad was there. He told me Bruce was out shopping with his father. I went back to the house. I remembered to bring along my diary in my pocket. Sue tried to lock me out again but my ghost managed to unlock the door because she was in her room. I saw Sue who was shocked to see me. I saw her examining the front door then she asked me what I was telling Sean. I told her I asked him about Serena. Sue wasn't in a good mood. She told me not to talk to Sean about Serena again. Then she went to her room. I had pizza like food cooking in the oven. The oven is similar to the ovens on Earth. There are touch dials.  I'm annoyed with Sue. I called Sean on the phone. I told him about Sue's behavior towards me. He thinks its pregnancy related and also thinks it's her diabetes that's making Sue act odd behavior.  Sue came and rudely told me she was expecting a call. I told her I was talking to Sean. She pushed me out of the way and talked to Sean. By the way Sean had a look of disgust on his face when I talked to him. The disgust on his face was the same look with the cab lady. I think Sue is in love with Sean. I don't know why but I suspect Sean is a perfectionist. I really hope not. I think I might want to move out. I can't stand Sue's odd behavior. I don't know where I'll move out to. Sigh.  Hmph. Sue demanded several pieces of pizza. I asked her if it was okay for the baby.  Sue rudely told me yes. I asked her why she was rude to me.
 She told me "It's none of your business." 
I asked her if she was in love with Sean and got the same answer. After eating pizza I put the dishes in the dishwasher. I got a phone call from Bruce. He told me he's going to Canada next week.  I'll miss him. I complained about Sue's odd behavior. He was sympathetic. Bruce thought it was pregnancy related.  I also complained about Sue's rudeness. Bruce didn't help at all. Sue came out of her room and rudely told me to get off. She was expecting a call. I rudely asked her who she was expecting to call. She wouldn't tell me. I signed off then Sue pushed me out of the way. She called Sean. She wouldn't let me stay and eavesdrop. Sigh. I feel I can't wait for Sue to move out. After her call I asked her if she could move in with Sean since she loves him. 
Sue rudely told me "It's none of your business." 
Not again. She went to her room. I called Sean. I asked him when I could report to work. He told me to come over tomorrow around 10am. I hope I remember. Then we signed off. Sean had a look of disgust on his face. It was the same look on Sue's face. I'm getting worried about Sue. I called Lad and told him Sue's behavior.  He has an idea on what could be causing her to do that. He'll call me back later. I told him about Sean having a face of disgust when I talked to him. Lad confirmed that Sean is a perfectionist. He suspects it might explain Sue's behavior. We talked in sign language. I kept my eye towards the kitchen. I kept expecting to see Sue. We signed off. I have awhile to do. I still haven't found the vacuum cleaner.  I knocked on Sue’s door and receive no answer. The door was locked. I hope she's okay.  I don't have much to do tonight. I have to go to bed early. I plan to get up at 8am tomorrow. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


April 11, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I got up really early in the morning. Something bothered me. I couldn't explain it but I found my light in my room flashing. I went to check on the phone it was the doorbell. I didn't see Sue.  I found Lad. He told me to pack a bag and move in with him. I asked him why. He explained its best I stay away from Sue. She's showing signs of a perfectionist.   I went to my room and packed a bag full of clothes. I included my journal. Then I saw Sue who came out of her room to see what the fuss was. She was wondering where I'm going. I explained I'm going to Bruce's house to stay. I couldn't stand another minute with my rude friend. Sue seemed relieved to see me go. I went to Bruce's house. Lad let me in. I told him about my appointment with Sean at 10am. Lad told me he's coming along as my driver.  I stayed in the same bedroom as before. Lad woke me up at 8am. Lad drove me in the flying mini van to the community area where the hospital was thru the fog. He came in with me.  Sean inspected my arm. He took the cast off and examined my arm. My arm felt better but itchy. He told me my arm was better for working tomorrow. Then he prescribed some pills for me to take for the pain. Lad drove me home again thru the fog. He told me not to take the pills. He thinks they might kill me. So I threw them in my bag.  I went back to bed. I was tired. I slept in my clothes. My alarm clock woke me up at 12pm.  I went downstairs to call Anna. I saw Bruce in his pajamas. His hair looked really messy looking. It was funny. I think Bruce was embarrassed.  I called Anna and told her about Sean telling me to go to work tomorrow. Anna told me to show up for work. I showed on the video the pills Sean gave me. Anna told me to throw them out. She added Sean was a perfectionist. I told her about Sue's odd behavior. She confirmed what Lad told me, a perfectionist. I'm very sad I lost my best friend. We signed off. I threw out the pills. I cooked a cheese sandwich for lunch along with milk to drink. I'm glad I can eat this stuff.  I went to my room to take a nap. I slept for an hour and a half.  I asked Lad about my cats. 
He told me "We might get them once Sue is out of the house." 
It's going to be awhile because Sue is house bound. I took a nap dreaming of running in the forest in a wolf form then Bruce woke me up by tapping my shoulder. I'm surprised he didn't kiss me.  He told me it was dinnertime.   I went to my room. The bedroom had a TV. I used to work on my gymnastics website. It got a new layout. I checked my Lance Richard website. I got negative e-mails in the guestbook. Mostly were in swearing words.  I checked my High Council website. I got positive e-mails using swear words. I'm annoyed about that. I can't write it down. I hope Sue remembers to feed the cats. I walked over to her house and rang the doorbell no answer. I let myself in. Sue's door was open. I found Sue lying on the rug unconscious. I called the hospital. The ambulance came in five minutes. It took her to the hospital. I called Lad and told him about Sue. He told me to pack up the kittens and bring them over. I put Victoria and Demeter in a cat carrier. There was a hole on top of the carrier for them to stick their noses out.  It was cute of them. I hauled the cat carrier and the machine to Lad's house. The kittens were interested in the scenery outside. It's been a while since they been outside. They're indoor cats. They came out of the carrier pretty fast. I guess they don't like it. I called the hospital and asked them about Sue. The lady with a look of disgust on her face told me Sue fainted because of depression. Sue will be staying in the hospital for a few days. I don't think Lad will let me visit her. I got off the phone. Bruce used it. He called his father who's in Canada. I didn't stay to eavesdrop. I went to my room. I think I'll take my shower now. I have to work tomorrow. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


April 13, 2101
Dear Anne, 

I decided to take a day off from writing in here. My left arm felt fine. I think I recovered from the bullet wound. I can't believe we still haven't outgrown violence.  Work yesterday was not fine. Customers were rude to me. They treated me like a servant. 
"You wrench! Find me this, or find me that." 
I'm not a servant. I work here period. I didn't see Sue. I told Anna she's in the hospital due to depression. I'm happy Sue is out of the house. I don't want her alone in the house. I want her else where with friends. It was back to work. I ate an apple. I saw Georgia and talked to her. She shyly told me she's on a break from the community room office. I asked Anna if Georgia believes in perfection. Anna told me no.  I hope Georgia believes in toleration for others like Anna.  I checked the schedule board in the break room. Sue is off all week. How nice of Anna. I don't think I can work with her.  Lad drove me to his house. Bruce was there at home with dinner ready. It was great to eat. I had an apple for snack. I wonder if I could visit Sue. I asked Lad about visiting Sue. He thought it was a good idea but he seemed hesitant. It was snowing outside. Lad drove me to the hospital same way as before thru that fog. He went with me to Sue's room. She was alone in bed. I said hi her. She only stared at me. Sigh. Then Lad and I left to home. At my house I packed the rest of my clothes in a bag and brought them over to Lad's house. I took an early shower. I have to get up early tomorrow. I hope I could work somewhere else besides working at the store. Sigh. 
		 Today at work the customers were rude again. They treated me like a servant. 
"Do this, or do that." they said. 
 Humph. Rude. I came to my locker and found employee Nathan trying to open my lock. I was mad. I'm not in a good mood. Someone left junk food in the machines. I have a feeling a lot of people here believe in perfection. I can't wait to move out of here. I'm not in a good mood. I hate my job and my life.  I'm feeling depressed. I went to the break room to scream. I found most of the employees there. They all stopped talking when I arrived. I went to use the drinking fountain. The water came out green. I left the break room and told Anna about finding the employees there. I added about the drinking fountain. Anna got a little mad when I told her this. She went to the break room. Several employees came out with annoyance on their faces. I saw looks of disgust on their faces when they saw me.  Anna hasn't explained the drinking fountain.  I'm annoyed with my life here. I could just move to somewhere else. It'll be nice to move. Maybe I could live in Canada. I don't think I can take another eight hours of hell. Work was not fine. The customers and the employees were rude to me. The customers expected me to find something for them. The employees were lazy. They expected me to clean a mess for them. I put my foot down on cleaning for them. I even helped the rude customers. After work Lad drove me home to his house. It was great to see Bruce.
 I taped my diary to my leg under my tights. I wanted it on me at all times. The news talked about the shuttle landing in Edenia the green moon in the sky. The news showed a message from the crew. The crew is doing fine.  It'll be nice to go to Edenia someday.
	
Crazy Day, 
	Elizabeth


April 14, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I woke up when I felt a loud boom. It scared me. I have no idea what caused the boom.  I got up. The boom woke me up. I'm annoyed. It's a good thing. I forgot to set my clock to wake me up. Bruce came in my room he told me my house exploded in a fire. I got up and got dressed. Then I went downstairs to the living room to look out the window. There was a pile of rubble with fires on it. It was right where the house once stood. I'm grateful I packed my stuff with me.  I can't believe someone would do that.  I'm glad Lad made me stay with him. I asked Lad about living in Canada. I wanted to leave town because of the perfectionists. Lad though it was a good idea. He gave me two suitcases to put my clothes in. I packed my clothes in the suitcases. I taped my diary along with a pen to my leg under the same spot, my tights. I had been doing that for a long time. I called work and explained to Anna I won't be in work today. Anna seemed to know about my leaving town plans. She told me she was leaving town too.  I packed Victoria and Demeter in a cat carrier. I had a hard time keeping them in side. They would try to escape. I brought along the cat-feeding machine. 
Bruce's father Luke came in a puff of smoke thru the doorway. Then he drove Bruce and me to Canada. The ride took an hour by air. The car flew in the air. The view was spectacular. It was beautiful with forests, lakes and waterfalls with crystal spires. The oddest feeling was the crystal spires reminded me of canyon walls. Also the lakes seem to resemble areas with cactus.  Canada I saw was next to the ocean. It was warmer there according to the computer when I checked online about Canada.  The houses are similar to what I stayed in. There was a store named Moon. The town is similar to the town I stayed in. I stayed with Bruce and his family. Bruce has only his father but no mother. He told me she stayed on Earth with his sister. Bruce walked me over to the community center. I met the town full of two hundred people. They were nice. Some tried to sign with me. I even saw Anna. She was happier than ever. I’m glad to be here. I checked the store Moon and discovered that I was on the list of transfers. I'm working tomorrow. I hope there's a cab service.  Bruce came in my room to tell me its dinnertime. I can't believe time flew by fast. The kittens are in my room on my bed.  The kittens followed me down the stairs. I guess they love me. It was their way of telling me it was feeding time. The machine fed the cats. They were hungry.  Then I went on a long car ride with Bruce driving. Bruce showed me the sights in Canada. There were waterfalls and tall crystal spires. The spires were high in the sky. It was nice to see them. I asked Bruce if there was any way of going inside the spires. Bruce explained there was a law forbidding anyone from going in the spires. I wanted to know what they look like inside. It's the same with houses. I want to know what a house looks like inside. He drove the car over town. The houses are scattered far apart. Oh there is a river rushing by Bruce's house. It is nice of Bruce to show me the town. There are cliff walls and waterfalls which eerie reminded me of cactus and canyon walls. I kind of like Canada. It's a very good town. At home in Bruce's house I went in my room. I watched the news. The news talked about Winchester continent. They built their one hundredth house. Good for them. There were talks about the house bombing. They talked about my house being bombed. I have no idea if Sue, lost any of her things. I wanted to call the hospital in Winsted but Mr. Arkov Bruce’s father told me not to. He didn't want anyone who's a perfectionist to find out where I am. The kittens are exploring my room. Bruce is in his room. The door is open and the lights are off. I checked and I found Bruce asleep. Demeter was sitting next to Bruce. She saw me and ran to me. I held her. She let me held her for a minute then she squirmed. I put her down. It was nice of Demeter to let me hold her. I have a full day tomorrow so I have no idea what I'll be doing tomorrow to pass the time. 

	Happy,
	Elizabeth


April 15, 2101
Dear Anne,

 Victoria or Demeter tried to sit on my face in the morning. I knew it was morning because it was light in my room. I have a sense that can tell me when it is light in my room. I saw the kittens. I checked the machine it fed them. I found a note from Bruce and his father. They went fishing. They'll be back around nighttime.  Looks like I'll be walking to work. I have a long day today.  I checked the phone. 
Bruce left a video message "Hi, We're busy now so leave a message at the beep."
 He said this in sign language. The kitchen light blinked and it was the phone. There was a message for Bruce's father. It was from Sue. She spoke on the message that she got out of the hospital and is living with Sean. She lost her twentieth century stuff. I feel sorry for her. She wanted to know how I was. Then she signed off. I'm glad I moved here. I'm going to not miss Sue.  I hate it when religion breaks friendships. I watched the news. The news talked about Edenia. They added the crew ran into trouble. It seems the moon is inhibited with cat like creatures. The creatures were causing the crew trouble. As for the store it'll be my first time I'll work at the store Moon. By the way, Bruce showed me where the store is. The town layout is similar to Winsted town layout. There's by appearing in fog, a community center, a hospital and a store including houses. I checked the refrigerator we have enough food for a week. I think I'll go to the store early. I think it'll be a good idea to check out everything.  I showed up and was surprised to find the store layout is similar to the store in Winsted’s Cherrio store.  I taped my journal to my leg. I added a pen. I have been taping my journal to my right shin. It feels weird with the tape on my leg. I don't want anyone to read my journal. Lucky I brought food along because the snack machines had food I couldn't eat because of my diabetes. I'm grateful that I don't have to give myself insulin shots. All I take is pills. By the way Anna saw my necklace. She asked me about my bracelets. They were destroyed in the bombing. Anna told me to get my necklace checked out for signals. She took me out of the store pass several buildings that looked like thick bricks and we went to an office in a brick building, which turned out to be the police. One of them was sitting in the office came out and they examined my necklace by waving a long armed scanner over the necklace. The test results were negative according to Anna. I'm glad because I like the necklace. They confirmed the necklace was old, about one hundred years old. I wonder who gave it to me. I asked Anna. She told me it used to belong to her great grandmother whose name was Marina Zeskaya. Anna is my descendant! I told her why there wasn't any mention in the computers about Anna. She explained she didn't want any of the perfectionists to target her. She's my cousin Zoya's granddaughter. She's been living on Terra for five years. She took me back to work. The manager was Lea Liane who reminded me of Leslie Sasa my old boss from Bradlees. I sure don’t make any sense at all.  She wasn't happy about us leaving the store. I worked in the book department which has a lot of books like a library. It was a welcome change from working in the children’s department in Winsted. Anna worked in the women's department. I had a fifteen-minute break. I was told by Anna to eat slowly or I'll throw up if I eat too fast. I checked the schedule. I'm working tomorrow. Anna drove me home. Her house is next to mine. She's staying with Leia. It was great to see Bruce. He smelled of fish. PU I didn't tell him that. The cats were happy to see me. They were even happier to hang around Bruce and his father Luke.  I found the machine didn't feed them at 5pm. Bruce and his father didn't know how to handle the machine. I spent awhile teaching them how to use the machine. I told Mr. Arkov, Luke about the video message from Sue. Luke explained he'd answer it. 
I watched him send Sue a video message, “Hi. Beth and the Cats are doing fine. Thank you for calling." 
I went to take a shower. The water was hot. I got to shower for fifteen minutes. The water at Winsted always goes cold after five minutes.  

Yours,
Elizabeth


April 17, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
 I can't sleep. I woke up feeling vibrations and once again I found my journal missing. I spent most of my day worried about it.  I thought I was my clock that was vibrating but it wasn't. I hope the house isn't haunted. I have Victoria on my lap. I hate to move her but I have to so I can lie down.  I woke up at noon. I cooked some lunch. Luke did some shopping and got my favorite foods including foods I can eat. I felt tired. I had Demeter sitting on my lap. She was purring. I was a little tired so I took a nap. Luke and Bruce left a note explaining they'll be out fishing again. I miss Bruce. Our hours are different. Luke and Bruce have to get up at dawn to fish which means their in bed when I come home from work.  I might be hungry.   I miss the Winsted house. I have two hours to go before I report to work. I think Canada is a beautiful town. I can't wait for a law to allow us to explore the spires.  Work was fine. I was bored being in the book section. I wound up reading some of those books on the back covers when Leia wasn’t looking.  The customers are neat. They even signed to me. I'm glad about that.  
I had five minutes to go before my break was over. I hope the customers were a little messy while I was gone because I was bored.  I have nothing to do. I'm working tomorrow again. It's my first time I'm working at this night shift, interesting. The customers were very neat. I was bored. Anna and I talked about people and their preference for whatever genders. Anna explained the perfectionists don’t care about who’s in love with who even if it’s a male or a female as long as the person meets their perfection laws. She drove me home. 
Bruce left me a mushy letter on the refrigerator "I love you so much Elizabeth that my heart thumps a lot whenever I see you." 
 	I took a shower then I planned to go to bed. I'm tired. My legs ache from being on my feet. I'm glad I'm not working for eight hours.  Tomorrow is payday. I hope I get paid.
I had a dream of walking through the forest with no snow on the ground. I was in my wolf form and I was sniffing for something. As I sniffed I found my journal and picked it up with my mouth. Then I ran back to an area with tents and went inside a tent and jumped onto a bed and fell asleep.  I woke up feeling the need to buy more books. The bombing destroyed the books. I miss my trilogy. I went to work early to do some shopping and I also got my paycheck which was a credit card. Lea saw me and begged me to work eight hours in the book section instead of my usual five hours. I wonder why I agreed to do this except it was quite crowded today. I didn't bring any food along. I brought cat food and food for myself. The cat food was sent home. The food for me went in my locker. I get two thirty-minute breaks. A worker who was supposed to clean the children's department was out sick so I'm covering for the worker while cleaning the book section. It's going to be a long day. I can't wait for my shift is over. My feet hurt. My legs are achy. I think my shin is tired from the journal I keep taped there. I think… yawn. I'm tired. Sigh.  I'm filled with dread. The customers signed to me. They know Bruce and I have a relationship. Bruce showed up smelling like fish. I was honest when I told him that. He explained he didn't have time to shower before coming here. He got my cat food and put it in the machine. I kissed him on the lips. Several customers who saw us do that applauded. Lea came by. She was annoyed. Bruce went home. I went back to work. The customers are neater and nicer here. I'm bored. When Lea wasn't around Anna and I talked women's stuff including stuff about Wolves. I tried to tell her about my wolf changing forms but somehow someone kept putting a hand on my mouth. Anna seemed to know about this because she looked around and put a finger to her lips. I learned that Anna is in her thirties. I'm nineteen years old. I'll be twenty one in two years. I can't wait. Anna told me you have to be twenty-one to drive a car. Anna drove me home. It's nice to have someone drive you home. I took a shower. The bathroom smelled like fish.  I'm going to have to get used to this. I'm tired. I think I'll go to bed now. Good night. 

Tired,
Elizabeth


 									April 18, 2101
Dear Anne, 

Lucky for me I'm glad I have the day off. It was nice break. I slept late. I ate some breakfast. I saw Bruce. He looked tired. He fell asleep in his food which was some sort of dry cereal. I had to wake him. 
I told him in sign language "Go back to bed." 
He went to his room. I found Luke's door closed. I think he's asleep.  I have a fun day today. Today seems to be a little warmer. I watched the news.  The crew on Edenia managed to blast off. They got injuries. The Edenia's natives hurt them bad. I think they might consider Edenia off limits.  I wonder if I could take a walk around town. It might give me something to do. Luke got up. I asked him about taking a walk around town. He told me to take a cab. The town is pretty big. The houses are farther apart.  I decided to walk around the property. I went outside and I walked to the river. The yard is pretty big. I had an urge to change my form to a wolf but I got a vision of a white wolf who told me not to. I wonder where the town is made after on Earth. I guess New Hampshire. I don't know.  The river isn't that big. It's a small river leading to the mountains. I would love to see the crystal spires. I went inside the house and I saw Bruce. He was dressed and eating lunch. I ate some food with him. Then I went to my room. I felt tired from my walk. It's great to see Bruce. I feel fine. I don't feel sick. I feel happy. I hope Sue is doing okay. I'm sorry to lose my best friend.  The news talked about the shuttle reaching Terra. They're in the Winchester continent.  I have Victoria on me. I think Bruce is in bed. He and his father have to get up really early tomorrow. I called work to see if I'm working tomorrow. Reached Lea and she told me yes. I'm glad its five hours instead of eight hours. I ate dinner then I went to my room. I have to be quiet. I think Luke maybe asleep by now.  I went downstairs and I found Luke's door open.  The kittens were in his room playing. He was watching a video. I asked him when he's going to bed.  He told me he likes to stay up late.  I chatted with him. We talked about Bruce, the town and the house. Luke has been living here for four years. I asked him about his wife and daughter. He told me he didn't want to talk about them. So I left him to his video. I took a shower. The water was good. It was hot just the way I like it.  Then I went to my room. I watched the news. They talked about the crystal spires. There's a new law allowing only archaeologists in the spires. They are to make sure the spires are safe to go in. I can't wait. I'm excited. I hope I go in the spires someday. I would love to know what they look like inside.

Yours Truly,
Elizabeth
 

April 19, 2101
Dear Anne, 
 My room light blinked. I woke up and went downstairs. I found the phone ringing. I left it alone. I'm surprised Luke didn't hear it. There was a video message from Sean. 
“Sue is doing fine” said Sean. 
I left the phone alone. Then I went upstairs to my room.  I woke up by my alarm. I felt tired.  I had awhile to go before I work. I went back to bed. I dreamed of me in a hospital room with needles poking me all over. It was very scary because I'm not keen on needles. I woke up feeling sick. I threw up in the bathroom. I felt hungry so I ate some food.  I watched the news. They talked about Edenia then the shuttle crew and about Sue being a perfectionist. They showed a clip of her smiling and laughing talking about being a perfectionist. Sean announced their engagement their getting married and the baby she was carrying.  Then the news signed off. I decided to walk around town for a while. I had to tape my diary to my leg. I got to work fine. I walked around town. The town is big. The houses are farther apart. There are hills which made me huff and puff. I saw the views of the ocean too.  I wanted to go to the ocean but it was near time for me to show up for work. I worked fine. The customers were neat. I was bored. Anna and I talked about the town which is a paradise. I also had an image of me standing outside a hospital door.  I can't believe I miss the Winsted store. I'm sad about Sue. I can't believe I miss my friend. I can't believe she turned out to be a perfectionist.  I ate an apple for snack.  I checked the schedule I'm working tomorrow for five hours. One hour after closing time. I wonder why. I asked Lea. She explained the store closes at a certain time leaving the store in a mess. She wanted people to clean the areas. After work Anna drove Lea and I home. Lea and Anna's house is next door to the house I'm staying in. I found a mushy note from Bruce. It was the same thing he wrote the other day. How original.  I took a shower then I planned to go to bed. I'm tired. I feel like I'm tired. I can't wait to go to the community center to check out the library. Canada is a good town. I checked online for a web site. There is one along with a web site on Winsted. Sue made the Winsted web site. It had perfectionist crap on it. I wonder how Sue got to be a perfectionist. I'm curious. The news mentioned the police have no news on who bombed my old house. I think I'll go to bed now. 

Love,
Me

April 20, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
I'm glad to be here. Bruce and his father were out. They left a note explaining they'll be out fishing. Fishing again. I can't wait to see Bruce. I hate it when our schedules are different.  The kitchen light blinked.  I'm not having a good day. I checked the phone it was the doorbell. I saw Sue. She was happy to see me. She gave me a package. I thanked her and invited her in. We talked for an hour then she left. I checked the package. I could hear a ticking sound in it. I threw it in the garbage can outside. Then there was a loud boom. I checked the garbage can. It was in pieces. Good thing I threw it in the garbage. I talked to the picture phone to call Luke's ship and reached him. I explained Sue stopped by with a package. Luke told me to throw it in the garbage. I told him I did that and told him that the package exploded in the garbage can. I'm glad I have my hearing aids on. We signed off. I had to go to work in two hours.  I hope I'll be fine. I plan to walk around town. I removed Victoria from my lap. Then I walked around town. I saw a car in the air. It seemed to be following me. I arrived at work before my scheduled time. I saw Anna. I told her about Sue coming for a visit and giving me a package. Anna asked me if I threw it out. I told her I did. The package turned out to be a bomb. I found a TV in the break room that is also like a computer. I used it to check for news.  The police came and examined the garbage can. They deducted it was a perfectionist bomber. The whole town wasn't pleased with this. The news mentioned the town majority in religion is toleration for others. The news talked about the Edenia shuttle crew. They'll be going to Winsted.  I feel like eating Chocolate. I remembered I had diabetes so I ate dinner.  I had a while before my break is over. I had a twenty-minute break time. I checked my gymnastics website. Sue added another picture of a symbol, the five rings. I can't believe she became a perfectionist. I'm very sad about that. I called home. I reached Luke. I explained about having a flying car follow me when I walked around town. Luke wasn't happy about that. An employee came in with the nameplate of Monique who resembled Mrs. Yulien. She told me she was expecting a call. I signed off. I had to go to the restroom to take my journal off my leg. Then I went to write. I checked the schedule I have tomorrow off. I'm glad. I don't know what I'll be doing tomorrow. I brought a new garbage can. Anna drove Lea and I home. I saw the police there. They were still examining the destroyed garbage can. The police questioned me. I told them I got the package from Sue. I added about hearing a ticking sound from the package. I added about having a car following me in the air. The police told me not to accept any packages from Sue from now on. Then I went inside the house. I took a shower then I went to my room. I found both kittens on my bed. I hate having to move them but I have to. 

From,
Elizabeth


April 21, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
I slept fine. I came downstairs in my pajamas with my hair in a mess. I found Bruce in the kitchen He told me in sign language that it was his day off from fishing.  I haven't seen Bruce in a long time. I asked Bruce does he fish out of the river in the back yard. Bruce told me I'll need to get a license. 
I asked him "What are your plans for today?" 
He told me he's going back to bed.  Bruce went back to bed. I went to my room to write. I'm feeling fine. Outside was snowing a bit. I watched the news. The news said a snowstorm is coming to Winsted. Canada will get some snow but not too much. I decided to go outside for a walk. First I had to get dressed. I got dressed in the same old outfit, boring. It was snowing outside. I left Bruce a note explaining that I was going to the library. It's similar to the foggy center in Winsted. The design is the same. I looked in the library. I found a lot of books on the toleration religious beliefs of the people in town. There was no mention of High Council. I checked online the web site. There were tons of web sites. I even found my website on High Council. There were negative e-mails from people in swear words.  I took off my name on the website. I put Sue's name on the website. I figured why not. I got praise from people on my Lance Richard website. I heard an announcement on the public address system. I didn't understand a word. I asked a librarian. She told me in sign language that the community center is closing due to the storm. I walked in the snow home. Outside it was thick snow. I had trouble seeing where I was going. It didn’t help when I tried my wolf form. I could barely smell anything. I saw something like a building in front of me. So I went in. I saw some people there. One of them told me I shouldn't be here. I explained I got lost in the snowstorm. I asked where I was. The people one of them introduced himself as George Walter and an archaeologist. He told me I was in the spire, which was weird.
 I asked George "Will I have to go to jail?" 
George assured me I can stay but I can't wander around. I took out my journal and wrote in here. Many of the archaeologists seemed interested in my journal. I explained I was from the twentieth century. They were excited about that.  I asked for phone to call Bruce. They didn't have a radio.  I'm still in the spire. It's cold. I'm sitting next to the heater. I'm watching the archaeologists work. They are using brushes to dust the walls and taking pictures. Out side the storm is still raging. I can't see a thing. I'm tired. I might have to stay over night here. I looked around the spire I was in. It seems to be a triangle room like a cave with drawings on the walls. The light is quite a bit bad. I can't see the room very well.  

From, 
Elizabeth


April 22, 2101
Dear Anne,

 I stayed overnight in the spire. I dreamed I was lying in a cave with a Native American in tribal wear sitting next to me waving a feather over me and chanting. There was a fire where the heater was. The Native American was wearing tan pants with fringes and a plain T-shirt with words "Medic" on it. He was wearing a feather in his hair tied in a ponytail. I slept besides the heater. The snowstorm stopped at night and George woke me to drive me home. He led me to a mini van that appeared in a puff of smoke. Not that magician trick thing again! At home I saw Luke and Bruce. They were worried about me. I explained I went the wrong direction in the storm and wound up in the spire.  George assured them I'm not in trouble. Then they went to bed. Bruce kissed me on the lips. I took a shower. The bathroom smells of fish.  I got to get used to the fish smell. I went to bed. I felt tired. I wonder when Bruce will quit fishing. I wonder why Bruce fishes when he hates it. I feel tired yet I took a nap for having a headache.  My head is a little okay. Maybe I could buy some headache medicine.  
I went to work at the store Moon, and I had a twenty minute break time at work. I ate dinner. Someone put health food in the snack machine. There are foods I can eat. I had to buy a drink because the drinks are bad for someone who has diabetes. I brought a broccoli drink. It does taste like broccoli.  I saw George today. He brought some clothes at the credit register. I checked the news. The news talked about the house bombing. They mentioned the police haven't found any suspects. They mentioned about me being alive and in a disclosed location. Then they talked about the garbage can bombing. The police in Winsted arrested Sue. She was given a slap on the wrist for conspiracy for trying to bomb the house. Sue maintained she was innocence. She didn't know she was carrying a bomb in the package. The jury didn't buy her innocence.  They showed videos of the case. Sue's punishment was a slap on the wrist. Then the news talked about the shuttle reaching Winchester continent safely. Work was not fine. There were several arrests. The power went out and several people tried to shoplift. I'm annoyed. The customers were a little messy this time. They would pick up a book and put it back in the wrong place or put it back wrong.  I did my best to clean up after them. Some customers were rude to me. I think they were from Winsted.  I checked the schedule. I’m working tomorrow.  Anna drove Lea and I home. It was great to be home.  

Yours truly,
Elizabeth


April 23, 2101
Dear Anne, 

I was in the kitchen waiting for lunch to cook when the kitchen light blinked. I checked it was the phone. I let the message pick up the phone. It was Sue. She wanted to know how I was doing. She added she was sorry for giving me the bomb package.  I went to eat my lunch. I had milk to drink. Victoria is sitting in my lap.  I'm bored. I feel I'll have a boring afternoon.  
I went to work and what excitement. There were several arrests. Several people from Winsted came and protested outside the store. They wanted me fired.  Lea had them arrested. I recognized Sue among them. I had a talk with her. I told her what would happen if her child were born deaf. She explained she'd kill it.  Then the police came and arrested the protesters. There were twenty in number. Then I went back to work. The customers were polite to me.  Many of them signed to me. I found out from Anna today that she got promoted as a manager.  She worked as a manager in the Winsted store. The power went out.  When the power went out I taped by journal to my leg and left it there. Then I went to the front store to see what I could do. Lea asked me to examine all the customers leaving the store. It meant patting them down like cops. I saw a lady with a big chest. She refused to be patted down. The cops came and they patted her down including touching her on the chest. They found some stuff hidden in her top. Stuff like a t-shirt, several watches, and videos. The lady was arrested. Her big chest was due to the stuff she hid in her top. Her chest is on the small size like mine. My chest is on the small size. I don't feel comfortable writing down private part words. I refer private parts as area or chest. Then I walked home. Anna and Lea were working until midnight. I called the Cab Company and received no answer. 
Then I called home and received a video message from Bruce "Sorry we can't come to the phone now, leave your message after the beep."
 	It was scary walking home. I felt like I was waving around plants like cactuses and being guided by my mom with my dad holding a flashlight. When I came to the house it looked like a bloody tent. I blinked and it turned into the house. I can't wait until I'm twenty-one. I was sure a car followed me home because I could hear something suspiciously like a car motor behind me while wearing my hearing aids.  At home I arrived safely. I took a shower. I'm too shaken to sleep. 

	Shaken,
	Elizabeth


April 24, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 I watched the news. I'm surprised the news is on at all hours. I checked the channel I'm watching. It's an all news channel. The news talked about the arrests at the store. They added Sue is in the hospital. She went in premature labor. They managed to stop her labor. She'll be staying for a few days. I don't know about the protesters.  I could visit Sue but I'm not in the mood to see any of her perfectionist friends.  Hmph.  I should be going to bed but I'm a little shaken up. Sigh. Good night, I mean good morning. I felt fine except I felt like I was sleeping on a cot with a sleeping bag on me. It sure didn't make any sense but I'm okay. I had awhile before my shift starts tonight. I hope I'll be able to drive myself home someday. I can't wait to quit my job. I think I might visit Sue in the hospital. 
I made the visiting hour but I had to stay less than thirty minutes. It takes twenty minutes to walk to the store from home especially thru that fog. It was a waste of time visiting Sue in the hospital. She was annoyed to see me. Sean was there. He had a look of disgust on his face. 
I said "Hello".
 	Sue didn't talk to me. I miss her. I'm sad I lost her. I left to work. I did a little shopping. I shopped for a pad and pencil. I think I'll try to draw some scenery by myself. It'll give me something to do.  I'm bored with this job. I can't wait to teach a class. I could teach Earth history. Most of the people here know sign language. It's nice that they know sign language.  I have no trouble understanding them.  The customers were neat today. They mostly signed to me. The news crew came and asked Anna some questions. Then they asked Lea some questions. I guess they were asking questions. Both Anna and Lea didn't look comfortable answering questions. Then the news crew asked me questions. I had to lip read. 
They asked me questions such as "What do you think about lesbians? Do you like them or not?"
 	I had to pretend I was dumb and didn't know how to lip-read. Then the news crew moved off. I found Lea and Anna in the employee bathroom. I told them about pretending to be dumb when the news crew asked me dumb questions. They thanked me. I left them alone in the bathroom.  I'm not having a good day at work. The snack machine is out of foods I can eat. The drink machine still doesn't have drinks I can drink. I had to buy from the store food and drink. I got a discount. Both the stuff and the drink are supposed to be salads. Tastes like chicken. I'm not kidding or joking. I checked the schedule. I'm not working tomorrow. I hope I can get a ride home. Both Anna and Lea are working up to midnight tonight. I called Luke on the phone and reached him. He came and drove me home. At home it was great to see Bruce. He kissed me on the lips. Luke tapped Bruce's shoulder when our kiss got too long. He looked a little amused.  I would love to have sex with Bruce but I want to wait until I'm twenty-one. I'll be an adult then. The legal adult age according to Luke is twenty-one. 

Yours truly,
Elizabeth


 								April 25, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 I slept until my clock woke me up. I ate a late lunch. I really should take well-balanced meals. I'm not in a happy mood. The news talked about the protesters. There were protesters at the docks. They wanted Bruce out of the town. They wanted Bruce and I shipped to Edenia. I planned to work on my gymnastics web site. Bruce and Luke were out shopping. 
They left a note "Beth, Gone shopping at the store, Moon.. Love Bruce and Luke." 
I found a drawing of High Council on my gymnastics website. Sue must have put it there. I'm shocked that Sue an atheist got turned into a perfectionist. I'm surprised. I know Sue very well. I'm very disappointed in Sue.  I added another biography page to the gymnastics web site. Then I did some work on the Lance Richard web site. I worked the best I could. I added a picture drawing of Osiris copied from my necklace pendant I’m still wearing. It was nice to have pictures in the web site.  I added my name to the web site. Then I went to eat a snack, which was an apple. I came back and found my picture was taken off. I wonder who did that.  I added the picture to the web site then I went to write. I left a tracer on the symbol. I wanted to see who was dumb enough to take the picture down. The tracer worked and led me to Sue according to the computer. She took the symbol off again. Rude of her so I left the picture back on the web site.  Then I went to the High Council web site. I took off the picture of High Council. I was rude. I figured if Sue is going to be rude, I'll do the same too. Then I checked the High Council web site. Sue put the picture back on. I took it off again. I wonder why Sue is taking the Osiris symbol off. I'm surprised with her. She disappoints me. I checked the Lance Richard web site. I found my picture back on. I put the picture of High Council back on. Then Bruce and Luke came home. I refer Bruce's father as Luke. They came with food I could eat. It was nice of them. It was dinnertime. Luke was in his room on the first floor watching TV.  Bruce was in his room asleep.  I worked on the Lance Richard web site. I erased the negative comments in the guest book. Then I started a new guest book. I left the web site alone. I worked on my gymnastics web site. I got a picture of High Council on the web site. I took it down. There were negative comments in the web site. I'm annoyed. It irritates me. I have to go to bed soon. I'll be working for eight hours tomorrow. It seems the lady who did cleaning the children’s and the book section left her job to Winchester continent. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


April 26, 2101 
Dear Anne,

 I got up at an early hour just in time to see Bruce and his father leave to the marina. Work was not fine. The customers were rude. 
They signed rudely asking me "Where is this or that?"
 	The customers were messy. At least I had something to do. I'm glad. My back and knees aches from changing positions as I was picking up so many things on the ground. The customers take things off the racks or knock the item of the shelves and drop them on the floor. They even put the clothes back wrong on the racks. Plus some of them brought kids that were throwing books all over the place. It was rude of them. The parents would bring their kids and leave them in the book section to amuse them while the parents shopped. I could just scream. I sometimes I would rather work in the library. I brought my lunch from the store. 
Depths was right. My back hurts from bending and picking up things. My legs are hurting and so does my feet. I'm tired. I was yawning at work. I tried not to yawn in front of the customers. There were so many customers. The store was packed. I guess the protest brought a lot of attention. Anna told me Sue is out of the hospital. She got transferred to Winsted Hospital. Good I won't have to see her again. I'm mad at her. I thought she was my best friend. I checked the schedule I'm working tomorrow for nine hours. Who's idea?! I'm not happy that I'm working nine hours. I go asked someone why.  I asked Anna why. She didn't know why. She's not the one who decides what hours each employee works. I hope it’s the last time I work nine hours. I'm going to be really tired. I walked home after work. I ached all over. A hot shower helped me with my aches. I can't wait for bed. I want to go to sleep now. I'm tired. I have to get up early tomorrow. I set the clock to shake. Good night. I'm tired so I'll go to bed now. Luke is in his room watching TV. The kittens are doing their thing in my room, which is sniffing at my stuff and playing with my things. 

	Tired,
	Elizabeth


April 27, 2101 
Dear Anne,

Outside it was snowing out a little bit. I hope I won't get lost again. I feel refreshed. My back, legs and feet don't hurt. I feel much better. I hope work isn't depths. I wonder how many breaks I get for working nine hours. I had to wait until I get to work. 
Work was depths. There were many customers. Where did they come from? What are they doing here? Shouldn't they be elsewhere?  I ache all over from picking up things and straightening racks. The customers are lazy. I saw a customer, a lady pick things from the rack and drop it on the floor in front of me. She even told me to pick it up. I pick it up and put it on the rack. Then she knocked it down on the floor again. I could see laughter in her eyes. She saw it as a game. I didn't I went to a manager Lea and complained. Lea told me to put up with it. Sigh. I'm not in a good mood. Several customers played the drop and pick up game with me. I'm not amused. I can't wait to quit my job. I really hate it. It is worse than working at the store in Winsted. The store was packed. I get two thirty-minute breaks. I felt like having chocolate. It's hard to have diabetes. I thought the pills would help. But it looks like I'll be taking the pills for life.  I helped myself to some Chocolate. I was hungry.  Then later I didn't feel well. I felt sick like I want to throw up. I had two hours to go before work is over. I felt sick and dizzy. I'm not happy. I didn't feel like eating apples so I ate some chocolate. It was great to get rid of my cravings. I felt worse. I hope I won't throw up. The customers played the drop and pick up game with me. I told them to stop or I'll have them leave the store. They stopped playing the game. Lea came by and told me a customer told her about what I said about the customer leaving the store. I told her they were playing a game with me. She thinks it's a good idea to have customers who play the game with employees leave the store. Then she went back to work. I cleaned the children's area and the book area. I put away clothes from the restock at front. The store wasn't packed. There were lulls. I sat down on the floor a few times. Only Anna saw me. She asked me if I was feeling all right. I told her I felt dizzy. Then she left me alone.  I got woozy right now. I don't know if it’s the chocolate I ate. Oh well. It's back to depths. 

Hellish Day,
Elizabeth
April 30, 2101
Dear Anne,
  
I'm in the hospital. I threw up at work in front of a customer playing the drop and pick up game with me. Then I fainted. I had a vision of a white wolf who told me everything will be okay. I also missed a day due to fainting.  I woke up with a kitten sitting on my chest and found myself in the hospital. I found my diary was on the bed stand with a pen next to the bed. I think several people read it. Someone left my watch there.  I slept for a long time. I must have been in a coma. The kitten is cute orange color. What a cute baby bundle of fur. Aw. A nurse came in the room. The nurse explained in sign language that a customer complained to Anna about me throwing up in front of her then fainting too. I was out for a while. Today is April 30, not April 28.  The nurse told me her name was Heather Marias. She added only my descendant Anna read the diary. She confirmed that the diary is a private thing and family members were allowed to read it. The nurse left me alone. She took the kitten with her. I wrote in here. I think I'm in the depression ward. The nurse told me I was in a coma for awhile. I have a needle from an IV sticking in my arm. I hate needles. It hurts. Owe. I'm not in a good mood. Heather came back and told me that it’s visiting hour time. I hope Bruce come visit me. I asked Heather if I was in the depression ward. She confirmed it. I asked her why. She told me Anna read my diary and thinks I might be depressed. I hope not.  Bruce came and stayed until the nurse shooed him out.  We talked about work. I complained about the aches and pains I get from work. Bruce complained about the fish smell and having to get up early to fish. Then he kissed me on the lips and left the hospital. I hope Sue doesn't visit me. Bruce brought along some clothes for me. It was dinnertime, which I decided to eat first before I change into the clothes. Then I changed into the clothes. They were blue sweatpants, a purple rugby top and a hooded zippered white top. It was good to put them on besides wearing a dress with thick tights. The pajamas I wore were crewneck. I took a shower. I came back out of the bathroom to find Heather there. She wanted me to take some pills. It was like taking aspirin. The pills made me sleepy so I think I'll go to bed now. I'm tired. Yawn. The nurse left the door open. The light woke me up. I couldn’t move to the other bed because someone was sleeping in there. I felt sick like I want to throw up. I got up and closed the door then I didn’t sleep well. I kept getting up to close the door. The nurse kept it open. I met my roommate. Her name is Sally Jonson. She has a broken foot. There's a wheelchair for her to use. I think I hid my journal in my pillowcase. I moved my journal to the bed stand. I woke up to catch Sally opening it. She gave it back to me. She apologized for that. I'm annoyed when people are nosy. The nurse Heather came in and told us its lunchtime.  I feel like having chocolate. The TV is closed-captioned. All it shows is my favorite TV show.  I couldn't change the channel to the news. There were several people watching TV. They weren't friendly with me. They were glued to the TV. Bruce and Luke came around 4pm. Before that, I took a nap. It was great to see Bruce. I kissed him on the lips. Then I shook hands with Luke. They both smelled of fish. I think they were out fishing.  They stayed for an hour before the nurse shooed them out.  Heather came with my pills. I can't wait to go home. Heather mentioned I might go home tomorrow. Tomorrow is May 1st. I'm glad. I can't wait. I'm excited. I think I'll go to sleep now. Yawn. Bruce and Luke told me they couldn't make the 7pm visiting hour. So I'll see them tomorrow before 4pm. 

Yours,
	Elizabeth


May 1, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 The light from the opened door bothered me. I decided to get up and close the door. Breakfast was in three hours. I hope I can sleep. A nurse opened the door and left it open. Rude. I got to get up and close it before I go to sleep. The bed is not very good it’s hard. I hate it here in the hospital. I'm still in the hospital. I asked Heather when I could go home. She told me around 3pm. I can't wait. I ate breakfast then I took a nap. Heather woke me up to tell me it was lunchtime. I'm getting tired of writing down what I eat. It's boring. Yawn. I took a nap.  3pm came and I'm home. Bruce kissed me on the lips waking me up. At home I didn't do much. I watched too much TV. It was great to see Bruce. They took a day off from fishing to bring me home. I'm grateful to be home. The hospital was awful. I didn't get enough sleep. I called work and asked when I'm coming to work. I'm getting sick of the eight hours. I'm sick of the customers playing games with me. I want to work in the library. I decided to go to the library. I told Luke about going to the library. He told me to stay home and rest. I told him about going tomorrow. He told me the library is closed. I worked on my gymnastics web site. I found my name taken off. Sue's name was on there. I added my name and found it taken off. Again I added my name and found it taken off. I kept getting a box telling me it was blocked. I wasn't supposed to add my name. It was my idea for the web site. I'm annoyed at Sue. I checked my High Council web site. It had perfection crap in it. It was about people being a certain height, weight and must see and hear. It sounds like the army to me. I think the army must be running Earth. I looked online for an Earth web site but Bruce told me it was dinnertime. I ate dinner then I continued my search for an Earth web site. I found one and I wasn't happy about that. Earth is run by the army. The requirements to join the army became a religion called Perfection or High Council. I can't believe Anna grew up in this. It's a good thing I'm not on Earth. There was a law that says anyone not meeting the requirements was put to death. I'm glad the law doesn't take effect here either. I can't wait to go to the library and ask for a job. I'm getting sick of working at the store. I should be going to bed but I don't feel tired. I left Bruce a note telling him to tell his father how he felt about fishing. I watched the news. The news talked about Edenia being off limits. They added about reaching a message from Earth. Earth wanted their perfection law to take effect on Terra. I really hope not. Bruce and I would be in big trouble. I think I'll tape my diary to my leg tonight along with a pen. I have a strange feeling something bad is going to happen to Bruce and me. It's the same with TV shows. I get a feeling something bad is going to happen to a character. 

	Worried,
	Elizabeth


May 12, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 I don't know where Bruce and I are. Let me start in the beginning. I woke up to feel a cloth on my face and I saw it was Luke who put the cloth on me. It smelled of something awful that it made me sleepy. I was annoyed to be waked up. I fell unconscious. I woke up in an air mattress bed in a tent. I found my diary in a pant pocket. I discovered I was wearing a blue sweat like material coveralls. I saw Bruce on a bed next to me. Heather came in the tent.
 She told me "You're on Edenia. It's May 12, 2101."
 	I asked why. She explained Earth sent Terra a ship that will arrive on Terra with soldiers to kill anyone not meeting the army's requirements. The ship is supposed to arrive on Terra tomorrow. I can't believe it. I asked her how the ship could arrive so quickly. She told me that thanks to technology it now takes a year of sleeping to get from Earth to Terra.  I asked her about Luke. Heather assured me Luke is here too. He'll come in the tent soon. She told me to sleep then she left the tent.  The blankets are a silver cotton material.  I looked over at Bruce. He's wearing a blue coverall. I hope the soldiers don't come to Edenia to try to kill us off. I really hope not. One thing I'll miss is my kittens Victoria and Demeter. I hope their doing okay. I dreamed that I was still in New Mexico with my parents sitting around a campfire with a stick in my hand. I looked at my parents and was about to say something when my vision clouded over and showed Kurt laughing. It was very disturbing. Edenia is warmer than Terra we don't need winter gear. Bruce woke me up by kissing me on the lips. We went outside the tent holding hands. It was good to see greenery. It's been awhile since I've seen green plants instead of snow. I could see we were in a valley at the foot of a mountain. There were trees. The trees were very tall and thick. I think we’re in a forest. There was a waterfall next to the mountain. I saw a crystal spire on top of the mountain. There were ten tents in all. I saw a car that looked like a truck. We saw Heather and waved her over. There were people walking around the valley doing chores. Heather came over to us. She politely asked us to look for firewood. I asked her where the shuttle is. She told me it was hidden underground in a cave. I asked her about going to the spire. She confirmed it, but added about us spending the night here in the valley before we reached the mountain. Bruce and I scavenged for firewood. I wanted to change into my wolf form but Heather came by and glared. She told us not to do that what she called was skin walking. We found an armful and brought it back to camp. We made sure to keep camp in sight when we looked for twigs. The sunset was beautiful. I saw Luke who Bruce hugged him. I asked Luke about my kittens. Luke told me Anna has them and stayed on Terra because she met the army's requirements. I hope they won't kill her because of being related to me. I told Luke that. He told me she met the requirements and is acceptable now. I can't believe it. I'm shocked. Dinner was like a pop tart in chewable packet. The packet was chewable but not to be swallowed. Heather warned me not to swallow the packet. It was toothpaste. For drink was water. 
I’m in our tent. The tent is small.  When I stood up I could touch both ends with my hands. The beds are air mattresses with silver sleeping bags and pillows.  Luke told us to go to bed now, because we're getting up at dawn. I decided to write. I'm grateful someone put my journal in a zippered pocket in the coverall. I should be going to bed now. Bruce is asleep. The light is getting dim. It’s getting harder for me to write.

	Yours, 
	Elizabeth


May 13, 2101
Dear Anne,

There was a thunderstorm last night. The lightening kept Bruce and me up. I didn’t bother to write about it.  Heather woke us up.  I felt tired that my feet ached. The walk to the spire was a long one. First camp was disbanded. Heather and Luke taught us how to take down the tent. It's like camping out in New Hampshire back on Earth. Well when I was in grade school my dad, mom and I went to New Hampshire to do some camping. We camped in a campground with a tent. The campground had bathrooms and showers too. We visited the mountains in the area mostly at the foot of the mountains. Saw the sights including the Old Man of the Mountain. I had a fun time and would like to go back someday. 
 We dismantled the air beds and folded them onto the truck. There are three cars two small cars and a truck.  They look like sand dune cars that run on solar power. The walk up the mountain was exhausting. We stopped halfway for lunch. I couldn't wait to eat. There are few trees. I felt like I had to go so I picked a tree and went behind it. I went to another tree and found Heather zipping up her coverall then she left as I did my business. We ate pop tarts for lunch and drank water. I told Heather that what we're eating was called pop tarts on Earth. I chewed the paper and spitted out the toothpaste. Heather told me that pop tarts are a popular camping food. I sat on the truck with Bruce besides me. He was asleep.  Heather noticed how tired we were and asked us to sit on the truck. We were in the back feet dangling over the edge. I was too excited to sleep. I was excited about seeing the crystal spire. We finally reached the spire. It looks like a giant crystal. There are three triangle spires next to the tall one. Heather told us to stay next to the truck and wait for the archaeologist to check out the spires. They wanted to make sure they were safe for us. I'm excited that we'll be able to see the inside of the spires. I looked up at the sky and I could see Terra in the distance. It looked like a small globe. I talked to Heather about the army sending troops to Edenia to kill us off. Heather mentioned it was impossible for them to do that. Edenia is off limits. Bruce woke up and saw the crystal spire. He thinks it’s made out of rocks because he told me that. The spire is light blue color and pink. It shined in the sun. The three small spires are triangle shaped. Who ever left them there was neat. The spires are next to a field that is huge. I thought I saw cat people in the bushes that disappeared whenever I looked at them. I asked Heather what the cat people look like. She told me they are like cats but are humanoid. Bruce took me behind a tree. He kissed me. Then we turned towards the bushes. A cat person stepped out. The cat person was like a cat, had claws on feet and hands including fur. There were patches of brown on the fur and yellow eyes. The cat person was wearing a sling belt strapped across the chest. There was a brown loincloth on him. I assumed it was a he. The cat person just stared at us with curiosity on his face. I recognize curiosity. Then he went back in the bushes on fours. Bruce and I walked back to camp. We told Heather about seeing the cat person. Heather told us their called Felidaes. Inside the spire were stairs leading to big rooms. Luke mentioned using the spire as a look out tower. There are diamond shaped windows. Inside the small spires were two floors and rooms with beds in them. There was a room with a huge tub that was a pool with a small miniature waterfall. Luke introduced me to the archaeologist the leader of the group George Walter. I was surprised to see him. I asked him why he was here on Edenia. He explained that he wanted to lead the group. I had a feeling he was just here to observe us.  I was roomed with Heather. George decided to put us by gender together ladies in one spire and men in the other spire. Dinner was again pop tarts. The pop tarts are strawberry tasting. The spires are like the deaf camp I stayed at. There are two floors in each triangle. Floor number one has the poolroom and six rooms full of bunk beds. Floor number two up a flight of stairs has nine rooms with bunk beds in it. The rooms are made out of crystal rock. The bunk beds are made out of wood. There aren’t any mattresses, pillows, or blankets. We brought in our stuff in the rooms and picked out rooms. I choose a room with a window looking out the field. I’m sleeping on the top bunk. There are three beds in my room. Two are a bunk bed. I took the top bunk. I like the top bunk.  Heather chose the room next to my room. She gave me my twentieth century stuff which was my backpack with my magazine that looks crumpled, my book I admit is about Wolves and my trilogy books. I’m glad their in the backpack. The trilogy is my favorite book series. There’s a pond next to the spires. The pond is a little on the large side. I feel okay. I wonder what we’re doing tonight. I hope I have something to do. I’m bored.  I hope it doesn’t thunder with lightening like last night. The room I’m in is square looking. The walls are white color and are made out of crystal. The crystal is pleasant to look at.  Bruce came in my room. Heather watched us from the doorway. She told us she wanted to make sure we don’t have sex because we don’t have medical equipment for babies.  Bruce took me out of the spire. He showed me his room in the other spire. It was the same as my room. Bunk bed and a bed. The floor is covered in a green rug. My room rug is blue. Bruce’s crystal wall is blue. I like his room. He’s sleeping on the top bunk. We left the spire and went to the field. It was full of grasses high as my thigh. I did a right cartwheel. My journal fell out. Bruce found it for me in his wolf form by sniffing around. It was like my dream I had back on Terra. After he changed to a Human form I kissed him on the lips. I also had to look for my pen while Bruce was looking for my journal.  I found it in my wolf form sniffing around and put the journal and pen in my pants pocket. I made sure the pocket was zippered closed. Heather waved us over. She told us there’s a meeting in a few minutes. We all stood in a circle. George told us to introduce ourselves and name the reason why we’re here including our ages. The women are Annia Novgorod, she’s deaf in one ear, and is age twenty four. She's a dark skinned woman with short black hair and is wearing a silver cover all. Due to the perfection laws people with her skin color she explained are considered slaves. I was disgusted when I was told that. Terin Clark has no left arm and is age twenty. She was born that way and was one of the victims of the virus. She's a white woman with freckles on her face and arms with reddish orange medium length hair and green eyes.  Maureen Kingly is a short woman not meeting the height requirements of the perfection laws with long black hair reaching her waist and has brown eyes. Julia Hendricks, partly blind in one eye age eighteen has long pale blonde hair and green eyes and Kanica Corona who looks Asian, she is shorter than me about four feet tall also age nineteen  Heather explained she’s twenty seven and she’s here because she believed in us. She has short brown curly hair and blue eyes. The men are Tolland Clark age twenty is Terin’s twin brother he has no right arm. I suspect he and Terin were Siamese twins. He has freckles on his arms and has red hair that looks blonde.  Mark Walter, George’s son is on the short side about four feet tall and he’s twenty two. He has brown blonde hair and green eyes. I think he and Kanica are in love. I saw them looking at each other. Andy Clark is fifty is Terin and Tolland’s father has a limp from a war. He wasn't specific. His children resemble him too.  Then they introduced this guy who whenever I looked at him I saw a white wolf as if in a vision of snow and ice. George he explained is in his forties and Luke Arkov is here because of his son Bruce. Christian Kingly age thirties has no problems. He’s a tall man reaching the perfection height and laws have brown hair and have a beard. He’s here because Maureen is his wife. Oh love. Bruce introduced himself. Said he was age twenty and deaf. I told them I was deaf too and age nineteen. After the meeting I watched the sun go down the horizon. I could see Terra in the sky. I wonder about Sue. I wonder would she be here. Nah. I wonder why I was knocked out and brought here. What’s wrong with asking me and having me be brought here? Humph. Heather told me its lights out. She added we’re getting up at dawn to explore the area and get food. I’ll put my diary and pen in my pant pocket. I want my diary on me. The lights are glowing crystal from the wall. They turn on by a switch at the door. I feel tired. 

	Nighty Night,
	Elizabeth


May 14, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 	It thundered and lightening last night but I slept fine. I ignored the thunder and lightening. I could feel the thunder’s vibrations every time it boomed. I hope every night isn’t like this. Heather woke me up.  She told me to take a shower in the poolroom. I went in the poolroom and closed the door. The pool was small chest high. There was a small miniature waterfall. I used it to shower. I found shampoo and soap. It was good to shower. Someone left a towel so I used it. I put on my coverall. I came out to find Kanica. She looked a little impatient. She slammed the door behind me. Humph. I went to my room and I found a comb on my bed. There wasn’t a mirror so I had to blindly put my hair up in a ponytail. I think it looks ridiculous.  Bruce didn’t laugh when he saw me. His long blond hair was messy. He was tired. He didn’t sleep well due to the thunderstorm.  Breakfast was more pop tarts. I wonder how long I can stand eating pop tarts. I hope I won’t get bored eating them. I saw George. 
He told me lip reading “We’re having a meeting in a few minutes.”
 We gathered around in a circle. I stood next to Bruce. George talked with Luke interpreting. 
"We’re to explore the surrounding area. We each must wear wristbands that track our movements. It’s in case we get lost."
 George handed them out. There are black wires with a small thin box on it. The box is the communicator. 
Then George added “Safe Journey and work in pairs.” 
Then the meeting ended. Bruce and I went to the large pond bedsides some trees out of sight of camp. We stood around and signed talking about the wrist communicators. They itch. A Felidae jumped from a tree and landed in front of us. We stopped talking and stared. I think it’s the same Felidae who we saw yesterday. The Felidae gestured for us to follow. We followed it pass several trees. He then pointed at the tree he was standing next to. The tree was not too tall or thick. It was on the thin side. We looked up and we saw bananas.  Then I looked for the Felidae and found he was gone. We carried a bush full of bananas to camp. Everybody was happy to see the bananas. It’ll be a welcome change from eating pop tarts.  Bruce and I showed the gang where the banana tree was. George thanked us. Maureen signed to us. She works as an interpreter I learned from her. Christian was happy. He ate two bananas. Bruce and I decided to tell only George about the Felidae. George was interested. He found it amazing that the Felidae helped us find food. He thinks they are an intelligent species. Maybe we could communicate with them. I went to my room to take a nap. I was little bit tired. Bruce went to his room. I think that’s where he went. He looked tired. I decided to write.
 	Heather woke me up when the Sun appeared to be noon in the sky. She told me it was lunchtime. Lunch was bananas in boiled water in a pan. It was refreshing to eat something else besides pop tarts. After lunch Bruce and I walked around the big lake. The lake is beautiful. It ends in a waterfall on cliffs off the mountaintop. There’s a beautiful view. I could see mountains in the distance and something shiny on one mountain. I pointed it out to Bruce. 
He told me “We better tell George.”
 We went to find George. He wasn’t at the spire. I saw Heather and we told her about seeing the shiny thing. Heather thinks it’s the space shuttle U.S.S. Excelsior I asked her if it was the same shuttle that took us from Terra to here. She confirmed this. I asked her why I was put asleep and frozen. 
Heather explained, “It was George’s idea. He thought you might be resisted to going to Edenia.”
 Heather told us if she sees George she’ll let him know what we said. Then Bruce and I went back to the lake. We stood next to the waterfall. The waterfall was like Niagara Falls but smaller and quieter. I looked at the treetops and I could see Felidae jumping from tree to tree. Bruce kissed me on the lips and we got to the ground kissing each other. Then Bruce was knocked off. I saw a Felidae. He looked mad.  His ears were laid back. I don’t know why he knocked Bruce off. 
He shook his finger as to say “Naughty.” 
Then he jumped into the waterfall. We watched him splash into the pool below the mountain. I saw Felidae on the beach. There were females because they were covered up in the chest area. Bruce and I walked back to the spire. I saw George. He looked a little mad. 
He saw the Felidae moving Bruce. He gave us a lecture about having sex and producing babies. “We don’t have any medical equipment for babies so stop trying to make one!” 
Then he told us to go to our rooms to stay until dinnertime. I went to my room. I have something to do. I hope we eat fine.  I went to take a break from writing. My hand was a little sore. Heather came to tell me it was dinner. Dinner was bananas roasting over the fire. There were apples to eat for desert. Then we had our meeting. Maureen found a bush with berries on it. She complained at the meeting that a Felidae tried to stop her from eating the berries. George told her he thinks it was their way of telling us the berries were poisonous. Maureen paled at that. Christian found a bunch of apple trees. George didn’t mention a thing about Bruce and me’s little encounter with the Felidae. After the meeting Bruce and I wandered around separately. I went to my room to sit down. I saw Heather napping in her room. It was good to sit down. The spire doesn’t have a room to go to the bathroom. It only had a room for taking baths or showering. It’s a little dark outside right now. I turned on the light. The sunset was beautiful. I was nice to see the sunset. I feel happy but I think something is missing. I think it might be the technology I had back on Terra. I wandered around camp. George told me to stay in sight. I went to the tall spire and I found George expecting a wall. The wall looked like it had writing on it. I asked him using my voice if I could walk around in the spire. He told me with me lip reading, not to do that. He added he walked around and his foot fell through the floor. Then I walked around some more. I walked near the lake. I could see fishes jumping up and down above the water. Then I went in the spire to take a shower. I went into the men’s spire by accident. Luke saw me and told me. Oops. I went to the ladies’ spire. I took a short shower. Kanica was there with a look of impatient on her face. We need to find something to clean our hair. The shampoo is getting low and so is the soap. I hope the Felidae are nice enough to try to communicate with us. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


May 15, 2101
Dear Anne, 
 
Heather woke me up. She told me to come with her. I came out and I could see a dot in the sky. We ran to the bushes. There were other people there. The dot came closer and closer. It became a large helicopter with two rotating blades that landed on the field. I could read the words Semper Fi on the shuttle. People in green clothes carrying guns came out and ran into the spires. They ran out and started looking in the bushes. The Felidae saved our lives. They came out of the bushes and attacked the people with guns. The gun people ran in the shuttle. The shuttle took off in the air. It flew overhead. I think it was the army coming to kill us. We walked back to the spires.  I asked Heather who woke her up. She told me it was Maureen who woke her up. Maureen came by and told us a Felidae woke her up. In sign language the Felidae told her about a ship coming from the sky. Thank the cats. I’m glad we communicated with the cats err Felidae.  I’m too awake to go back to bed. I ate some breakfast. Then I walked to the pond and sat down on the ground. I sat there for a while.  I decided to write. Bruce came over and sat down next to me. I put away my journal. Bruce and I talked in sign language about what happened. I’m upset about that. I can’t believe the men came to kill us.  I’m too excited to sleep. Bruce told me George wouldn’t let anybody enter the spires. He was afraid there was a bomb. He examined the spires himself and found them safe. A Felidae came by jumping up and down on the branches. We watched him. Then he landed near us and sat down staring at us. We stared back. 
Bruce in sign language told him “Hello”. 
He waved back. Then he did a sign, which Bruce copied.  We stared signing back and forth. He pointed to the ground and made a sign for ground. We signed our sign for ground. Then I saw George out of the corner of my eye. I could see him watching us. Other people who were watching us communicate with the Felidae joined George. We taught the Felidae our alphabet. He taught us his alphabet. Then he spelled his name. It’s weird. His name is Cra’zy very weird. Sigh.   An apparent old Felidae came out of the bushes, came and waved. Cra’zy looked at the old Felidae. The old Felidae gestured to come. Cra’zy got up and signed he had to go. He bowed. We gave him signs to our names. Then the Felidae left into the bushes. Bruce and I got up and looked at George. He and the others applauded. They cheered. Yahoo! It was lunchtime so I had roasted apples to eat. I’m a little worried about my diabetes. I talked to Heather about my diabetes. Heather assured me that I’m not diabetic due to that she tested me before I wound up on Edenia. I felt like being in my room. It’s a blessing to be friends with the Felidae. I think that we might be friends for life. Sigh.  Kanica came by and told me Bruce was outside waiting for me. I went out to see him. We kissed on the lips. I’m in love with him. I’m willing to have his kids. It might be awhile before I have kids. We’re stuck here on Eden for a while. I don’t know if we’ll be back on Terra.  I miss my kittens Victoria and Demeter. I hope their okay. Bruce and I walked hand and hand around camp. We went to the waterfall land stared at it. I saw some Felidae playing in the pond below. They were doing cannonballs and diving in the water. Then Maureen walked by with her husband. She told us there’s a meeting in a few minutes. We walked back to the spires. Then we gathered around in a circle. 
George spoke with Luke interpreting “I was exploring the tall spire Taller on the second floor when my foot fell in the floor. I had a hard time pulling my foot out. I’m telling you this so you can be careful going in Taller. I explored the bottom of Taller and I found an entrance to a cave. It is narrow and seems to go on forever. I’m asking for a few volunteers to come along with me and explore the cave.”
 I asked him “Shouldn’t we ask our friends about the passage?” 
George told us he was too curious to wait for asking them. Christian volunteered along with Tolland and Andy. George told them he wanted to go to the cave immediately. I told George to borrow my backpack to carry food and drink. Maureen thought it was a great idea. We went to the spires. I emptied my backpack and gave it to George. They packed bananas and apples for three days in the backpack. We went into the tall spire nicknamed Taller by George. He showed us the cave entrance. I bid them bye as George, Tolland, Christian, and Andy went in the cave.  Then we went to do our thing.   I’m getting a little sick of eating fruit for breakfast, lunch and dinner. There aren’t any other animals around besides the Felidae. No I’m not hunting them despite feeling that way in my wolf form. George and gang came back around sunset. It was great to see them. In a meeting George told us about the cave passage ending in a forest. They wandered around the forest and saw a chasm. The chasm looked like it went on very deeply. There were mountains on the horizon. It looked different from the mountains near the spires. Andy panted. I noticed him clutching his left arm. I nudged Heather and pointed him out. She immediately went to Andy who fell to the ground. She told us he was having a heart attack. We watched her give him CPR. Andy made it. Tolland and Christian carried Andy back to the men’s spire.  I hope Andy is doing fine. The meeting ended. Then Bruce came up to me and kissed me on the lips. I’m in love with him. We’re so much in love. 

	Yours, 
	Elizabeth


May 16, 2101
Dear Anne,

 There was a thunderstorm last night. I didn’t sleep very well. Heather woke me up.  I can’t wait to pass out when I sleep. I tossed and turned.  I combed my hair and left the comb in my backpack. I went out to eat some roasted apples. 
Heather told me “We’re out of pop tarts and chewable toothpaste.”
 Sigh looks like we’re going to have to chew leaves.  I wandered around camp. I’m bored. I saw Cra’zy. He was acting excited. He jumped up and down acting like his name crazy. I saw the same old Felidae. He gestured for me to come over. I walked over. He signed his name “Jo’ler”. I signed my name Elizabeth. We had a nice conversation. Jo’ler told me in sign language he has been watching us. He thinks it’s about time we were showed his place. I saw George on the corner of my eye. I watched Jo’ler explain Cra’Zy is deaf too. He has a psychic sense that tells him when ships are coming. We chatted for an hour then Jo’ler got up to leave. He walked on his two hind legs and had a walking stick. Cra’zy walked on fours. I watched them disappear in the bushes. I walked to George. He applauded me for talking with Jo’ler. I told him their names. He thought the names were weird.  I went back to camp. I saw a bunch of Felidae near camp sitting on the ground. They were watching Kanica, Terin and Tolland build a campfire.  I wandered around camp. I went to near the waterfall and it was beautiful. I’m happy about that. I’m also on the bored sigh. It is a warm day. I wandered in my room to take a nap. Yawn. Heather came to tell me it was lunchtime. Lunch was bananas and apples. I’m getting a little sick of eating fruit. I felt a throw up feeling. I later threw up in the bushes. Heather told me to go to my room and lie down. I feel like throwing up. Heather gave me a pan to barf in. Heather told me Bruce wanted to see me but she didn’t want him to catch the bug that’s making me sick. I felt pains in my back. I think I’m getting sick from eating too much fruit. Sigh. Jo’ler came with Cra’zy. They came to my room. Jo’ler explained in sign language he’s a doctor. He looked me over and thinks it was too much fruit. I’m in my room on my bed. I have a headache. Heather stopped by. She checked my head. Told me I felt warm. I must be coming down with a fever. I don’t feel good. I threw up in the pan. I feel hot all over. The bath helped me cool me down. I came out to find Heather looking a little worried. I told her I took a bath. I was feeling overheated. She told me to go back to bed and lie down. I went back to bed. I wrote in my diary. I feel tired. I think I’ll sleep.

	Feeling Sick,
	Elizabeth


May 19, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 I woke up to see Cra’zy looking at me. He looked worried. I was surprised to see him in my room. Jo’ler was there with his long white hair in a braid. I got up feeling a little better. Heather explained I was in a coma and today is May 19.  I can’t believe it. I got up from bed and walked outside. It was a sunny day. I felt weak. Cra’zy helped me go down the stairs. We went outside. Bruce was there looking worried. I was happy to see him. He rushed to me and we held each other in a hug. Then we kissed. I nearly stumbled holding him. He brought me to the campfire and we sat on logs. Bruce handed me food in a plate. They were fish. I asked him where the fish came from. He explained the Felidae left a pile of fish in the morning yesterday. They have been catching fish for us. I ate pretty fast. I was hungry. The fish taste weird. It’s a welcome change from eating fruit. The Heather told me to go back to the spire and take a nap. I’m okay. I feel fine. I wonder why Jo’ler and Cra’zy were in the spire. I took a nap then I got up. I decided to write in my journal. I feel fine but a little weak. I hope I’ll be fine.  I slept until Heather woke me. She told me it was dinnertime. Dinner was roasted fish and apples for desert. Bruce and I walked hand and hand around camp. I asked Bruce what I missed while I was in a coma. Bruce told me Heather found me asleep and couldn’t wake me. She was worried. Bruce explained Cra’zy came by and Bruce told him in sign language I was asleep and couldn’t be waked up. Cra’zy came by yesterday with his father Jo’ler. I was tossing and turning in delirium.  My fever broke. Cra’zy came by and woke me up.  Bruce told me he was glad to see I was all right. He was very worried about me. We walked to the waterfall. It was beautiful. We watched the sun set on the horizon. Then Heather came by. She told me to go back to bed and rest. Bruce walked me to the ladies’ spire. We kissed good bye and then I entered the spire. I had no trouble walking up the stairs.  I went to my room and went to write. I think I’ll take a shower. I feel dirty.

Yours truly,
Elizabeth


May 20, 2101
Dear Anne,

 	A loud boom waked me up. I don’t know why but Heather came and found me awake. She told me to grab my backpack and leave the spire immediately. I ran out of the spire with Heather. The sun was rising above the horizon.  I ran in the bushes and turn around. I saw one of the spires blow up in flames. I hit the ground as pieces of the spire flew by me. I saw the same ship above in the sky. It landed on the ground. I saw Bruce. We ran from the bushes to wherever. We kept running in our wolf forms until we met Cra’zy. He signed for us to hide. We hid in the bushes. I saw a bunch of Felidae gathered around the bushes we were hiding in. There was another boom then the ship flew off. Cra’zy signed it was okay to go back to the spire. Cra’zy led us to the spire. The empty spire was blown up. I looked around and I could see bodies on the ground. Some were Felidae and some were human. There were humans in green coveralls. I found George lying face down with blood on his back. I checked for life signs. There were none. I’m very sad about that.  I asked Cra’zy what happened. Cra’zy explained the ship came with no warning blowing up the spire and men came out of the ship shooting with their sticks. I think he meant guns. George distracted them to let the others escape. Bruce and I dug a hole with our hands. The others joined us. Tolland’s good arm was in a sling. I talked to him and asked him what happened to his arm. He explained George woke him up and pushed him down the stairs. As a result he broke his arm. Heather put the sling on him. The others helped us dig a hole with our hands. When the hole was deep enough we put George’s body in the hole and covered it. The Maureen got two sticks and fastened it to be a cross, which she put on George’s grave. We buried the other humans by putting dirt on them. We didn’t mark the graves. As for the Felidae there were seven dead and two wounded. The Felidae helped the wounded by carrying them off. The dead were left alone. I think the Felidae have no interest in the dead. Then we stood in a meeting. I asked Christian if it was possible to move to somewhere because the spires were not safe to stay in. Christian agreed with me. He wanted to go to the passage and go in it.  Jo’ler came by and heard Christian speak of the passage. 
Jo’ler told him signing to us. “The passage leads to the forbidden chasm. The land around the Chasm is dangerous. There are creatures with no name living there. They pull people to the earth killing them. You’ll be safer with us.” 
Except I could have sworn I saw the white wolf instead of Jo’ler talking.  After our meeting we gathered our stuff and put them in backpacks and boxes. I feel sad having to leave the spires. They were home to me. Sigh. We covered the truck and cars up with branches and leaves. Then we left the spires. Jo’ler led the way into the forest. We went down the mountain. The walk was tiring. Halfway we stopped to eat bananas and apples. I sat down on the ground to rest.  Bruce was signing to his father. They’re talking about the spire blowing up.  Maureen was next to me sitting on the ground nursing her feet. Christian was looking around. We packed two boxes full of apples and bananas. Cra’zy is acting crazy like a dog. He’s rolling on the ground. I took out my diary to write. I have my books, and pens. It was time to go.  Jo’ler led us down the mountain to another mountain. We were halfway up the mountain. I think it’s the same mountain Bruce and I saw the shiny thing. I have no idea what it is.  I turned around I could see the spires. They shined in the sun. There isn’t a cloud in the sky. I could see Terra in the sky. I think we’re near the shiny thing. I hope I know what it is.  I suspect it might be another spire. It could be another spire. Jo’ler led us pass a spire to a cave entrance hidden by a tree standing in front of it. We went in the cave that had a metal door on it. There was a passage of metal like an underground pipe that led us to a door. Jo’ler knocked on the door twice. He spoke something in his cat language. I could tell because of his mouth was moving. The door slid open revealing a huge room that was quite big as a school cafeteria. There were Felidae sitting on benches next to the tables. They looked at us with curiosity.  Jo’ler spoke in foreign language to them. They cheered and welcomed us. Jo’ler led us to another passage to a door. He opened it. It was a hallway that had five doors on both sides. Jo’ler spoke while signing that these quarters are for us. He told us to make it homes for a while then he left. Cra’zy watched us open doors and look in rooms. The rooms were round circle like with bunk beds made out of wood. The walls were made out of crystal. There were switches to turn on the crystal lights. There were no windows. We picked rooms and stayed by gender. I have Heather and Kanica as my roommates. I took the top bunk. I sat down to write. So far Kanica was elsewhere. Heather was sleeping on the lower bunk. She was tired. Yawn. I was a little tired too. I was exhausted from being up so early in the morning. I took a nap. Heather woke me up. We went to the cafeteria to eat. Food was fish. The Felidae let us sit next to them. Most of them knew sign language. After dinner we went to our rooms.  I planned to wander around.  I wandered around the hallway. I checked rooms. All were bedrooms. At the end of the hallway was a door. I opened it and saw it was a bathroom. There was a small pool with a small waterfall. I could see a sink and a toilet. It was a relief. When I came out I saw Bruce. He had to go himself. I went back to my room. I took out my stuff from my backpack. I feel dirty. I can’t wait to shower. I also wonder is there soap or shampoo? Looks like we won’t have it as I went to take a shower and I found the door locked. I also I stood outside waiting. Kanica came out with her hair wet. I went in and locked the door. Then I took a shower. It was a relief. There was no shampoo or soap. Sigh. I feel dirty a bit. Then I went to my room. I saw Cra’zy. He gestured for me to come with him. I walked behind him. He walked on fours. We reached the cafeteria room. There was no one in sight. He pointed to the ceiling. I looked up. It was made of crystal and was very beautiful. The ceiling was round. Cra’zy went out the door. I went to follow him. He told me to stay and sleep. I wandered around the cafeteria. The table and benches are made out of brown wood. There were entrances around the cafeteria. I went back to my room. Heather was talking to Luke in the hallway. Kanica wasn’t in her room. She was elsewhere. I went in my room and sat on my bed. I have a headache. I feel a little tired. It’s okay. I’ll miss the cold air. I wonder will we be allowed to go outside. It would be nice to go out. Sigh. 

	Love,
	Elizabeth


May 21, 2101
Dear Anne, 

I woke up feeling a choking feeling in my throat. There was enough light for me to write. I went to the bathroom and threw up. I felt sick. I came out to see Heather. She was a little worried about me. It told her I threw up. She thinks I might be my reaction to the food.  She told me to go back to bed.  I dreamed of the white wolf again.  It was weird. I slept until now. I felt a boom. I don’t know what happened. I got up and went to the cafeteria. The others were there except for Kanica and Mark. The stopped talking when they saw me. I told them I felt fine. I asked them what was the boom I felt. Heather told me it was the door closing. I was not convinced because I thought she was lying. Oh. I went to the table and pulled out my diary. Heather gave me an apple. I ate it as I wrote.  The others started talking. I lip read them talking about the spire next to the café entrance. Andy wanted to explore it. Kanica came with Mark. They looked happy. Jo’ler came and we talked about the spire. Jo’ler explained the spire is used as a lookout post. He wanted to give us a tour of the caves. I had fish for lunch. The tour was short. Jo’ler showed us the rest of the caves. He showed us where the medical area is and other areas that reminded me of a missile silo. The caves were short and quite long. I’m glad for the tour. After the tour I went to the cafeteria. Bruce came with me. We ate lunch, which was fish. A Felidae gave us the fish on plates. It was a challenge trying to tear the fish apart with our teeth that we had to change into our wolf forms to do that. I noticed that Bruce and I are the only ones who can change into a wolf form.  After that, we went to the bathroom to wash our hands then went to the cafeteria. I pulled out my diary and started writing. Bruce watched me write. I put it away and talked to Bruce.  We talked about the caves. Then Cra’zy stopped by. We had a nice conversation with him. He gestured us to follow him. We went to a cave and entered the medical area. It was a bunch of curtains with writing on them. The writing looked similar to the writing on the spire. I mentioned that to Cra’zy. He said the writing is the same. His people built the spires from crystal. They used to live there until the ships came from the sky with their loud noises. They killed a bunch of Felidae. I asked him when that happened. He told me it happened one thousand Felidae years ago. In the medical area, Heather was busy helping a female Felidae give birth. We watched her give birth to a Felidae. The baby was like a kitten. Its fur is wet and meowing. Cra’zy acted weird. He kissed the female on the cheek. I asked him if she was his wife. 
He said “yes.” 
The baby is a girl named Crabe His wife’s name is Elbe. We left them alone and went back to the cafeteria. Bruce and I talked in sign language about the birth.  I checked my hearing aids. I think the power is going out. I turned them off. Bruce doesn’t wear hearing aids. He’s completely deaf. After that Bruce had to go so he went into the bathroom. I pulled out my diary and started writing. Bruce came back from the bathroom. We sat at the table and chatted. I saw Heather came out of a cave. She looked angry. I asked her what made her angry. She told me Kanica is pregnant. She and Mark had sex.  I’m not that happy about that. Bruce and I decided to wait until we’re on Terra. There’s medical technology on Terra. I wonder will I see Terra again.  Heather stormed elsewhere. I think she needs to blow some steam. Bruce and I talked about babies. I wanted to have a baby someday. We chatted until dinnertime. Dinner was bananas with apples for desert. After dinner I went to my room to write. I hope we’re allowed to go outside. I feel crazy here. It’s like a hospital which eerie reminded me of an insane asylum to me.  The air is very nice to breathe in. It is also warm too. 
	
	Crazy,
	Elizabeth


 									May 23, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 I missed a couple days because I was sick. I felt hot. So I took a shower. The water was cool. It cooled me down. I went to my room and passed out. I had a dream that I was lying in a room that was all white and square around. There was a window with bars I was on a bed strapped to it. I had a tube going through my nose and in my mouth. I could feel my chest rise and fall. I looked around with confusion on my face then I got a bad headache and I found myself in the medical caves on a bed. Bruce was holding my hand. He looked worried. I asked Bruce questions about how I got here. He told me Heather saw me asleep and couldn’t wake me. It’s May 22.  I hope there’s nothing wrong with me. Jo’ler came and checked me out. He put his hand on my chest and mumbled something and then waved his hands over me while mumbling something. He suggested I go outside and get some air.  I got up from the bed and with Bruce’s help I went outside. It was beautiful day. The sun was shining. I could see Felidae jumping from tree to tree. I would love to do that. The wind blew bringing dark clouds. I could see them. Jo’ler came out with us. He told Bruce and me that a rainstorm is coming. We went inside the cave. I went to my room. Bruce followed me to my room. He sat on Kanica’s bed and kept an eye on me. Heather came and told us it was dinnertime. I felt hungry. I ate fish, an apple and two bananas. I was hungry. I have no idea what made me faint. Bruce kissed me on the cheek. Then I went to my room to take a nap. I was getting annoyed about passing out and waking up from a coma. Heather woke me up. I felt quite refreshed. I’m a little tired. The next day Breakfast was bananas. Jo’ler gave me an herb to eat. I felt like throwing up. The feeling went away after I ate the herb. The plant was fine. It tasted funny. I can’t explain it. I wanted to go outside. Jo’ler told me it was raining out. I asked him how he knows that. Jo’ler explained he could hear the raindrops on the mountain. The rest of us gathered at a table and had a meeting. We talked about Kanica’s pregnancy. She seemed very happy. The father Mark was also happy too. Humph. We discussed about getting more food when the rain stopped. Jo’ler came by and told us the rain stopped. We told him about going outside and get some more food. Jo’ler allowed us to go out but he wanted us to have an escort. He made a sound. A Felidae with white fur and brown patches came. Jo’ler told us he knows where to collect food and herbs. He also told us his name was Geo’ler another of his sons. We went outside. The ground was wet. Geo’ler led us down the mountain to some bushes. He signed that they were herbs. We brought along three boxes to fill of food. Heather pulled the herbs and put them in a box. Then we wandered around.  It’s a little cloudy. The clouds are white colored. I’m glad it stopped raining. Geo’ler led us to an orchard full of apples, bananas and oranges. I had an orange. It’s been awhile since I had an orange. We filled a box full of fruit then walked back to the cave entrance. Geo’ler led us inside. We went to the cafeteria and put the boxes in the spare room labeled in foreign language. The room was used as a pantry. Then we sat at a table and had a meeting. We talked about finding the fruit and getting the herbs. I feel fine. I’m a little tired. I would love to explore the caves but there are some off limits.  After that we sat around and talked to each other. I lip read Kanica talking to Heather about the baby. She’s okay. Bruce and I chatted about marriage. He wanted to marry me once we get back to Terra. Luke eavesdrop our conversation. He interrupted us that he has his blessing to get married. After that was lunchtime which was lunch were fish and apples for desert. I had an herb to eat. It was very weird eating herbs. Then we went outside. The ground was dry. I sat down and pulled out my diary. The others are used to seeing me write. Bruce sat next to me and put his arm around my shoulder. He watched his father talk to Heather. Luke was teaching Heather how to sign. It was a beautiful day out. I could see Felidae jumping from tree to tree. I would love to do that. Bruce leaned against me and was asleep. I guess he didn’t sleep very well last night. 
I wound up in the medical cave. Bruce was lying on the bed asleep. I tried to wake him up when I wanted to get up. He wouldn’t wake up. Instead he slid to the ground. I yelled and got Heather’s attention. Luke and Heather carried Bruce inside the cave to the medical cave. I followed them. I watched Jo’ler work on Bruce. He examined Bruce by waving his hands like he was scanning him with a scanner. Then he told Luke something. Luke paled. I asked what’s wrong with Bruce. Luke told me Bruce had an allergic reaction to something like I did. I hope he wakes up soon. I held his right hand with my left hand. I hoped he wakes up soon. I was getting worried. I fell asleep against Bruce’s arm. I woke up when I felt someone stroking my hair. I woke up and found Bruce awake. 
I yelled loudly with my voice “Bruce is awake!”
 	Jo’ler came with Heather. They checked Bruce all over with Jo’ler waving his hands over Bruce and Heather waiting for the results. I stood and watched them check Bruce. I checked my watch it was 9pm. I missed dinner. I felt a little hungry but I didn’t want to leave Bruce. Heather shooed me out of the cave. I went to the pantry and had an apple with oranges to drink. I ate pretty fast. I also had an herb. Then I went to my room. I found Kanica in bed asleep. I tiptoed up my bunk and pulled out my diary. I’m sure Bruce will be out of the medical hospital soon, maybe tomorrow. I miss him.  I’m a little tired. I think I’ll go to bed now. Good night. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


 May 24, 2101
Dear Anne,  

I woke up with a pillow on my face. I took it off and found Kanica being restrained by Heather. I asked what was going on. Luke came and told me Heather caught Kanica trying to kill me with a pillow. Heather dragged Kanica out of the room. I later found out she was sent to clean the cafeteria for doing that. Heather thinks she may be a perfectionist spy. I hope not. I was getting worried. Christian has been giving me looks of disgust on his face. Maureen hasn’t noticed that. I decided to tell Maureen that. I went to the medical cave and found Bruce up. Jo’ler was examining him. Bruce and I went outside. It was a cloudy day. We sat down on the ground and stared at the sky. It began to rain so we went inside. Inside Heather told us there was a meeting today. Bruce and I had lunch which was apples and bananas. I can’t wait to eat something else besides fish and fruit. I was getting a little sick of eating fish and fruit. The meeting started. Heather told us about finding Kanica trying to suffocate me. Christian acted weird. He wouldn’t sit next to us. He sat with Maureen between us. I hope he’s not a perfectionist. He and Maureen were barely speaking. They were looking at each other with anger in their eyes. I asked Maureen what was the problem between her and Christian. She wouldn't tell me. I hope it’s not perfection. I really do hope not. I wonder why Kanica tried to kill me. It was weird. I could see Kanica cleaning the cafeteria with a broom. She didn't look happy. She glared at me. I didn't glare at her. I felt fine. After lunch Bruce and I went to my room. He sat on Kanica's bed. I sat next to him. He and I talked about Kanica and her baby. I told him it might be pregnancy related. Sue acted the same way with me. I told him that. He thinks it's just a phase.  Bruce told me he had to see his father about something. He left the room. I pulled out my diary and started writing in here. I haven't gotten a chance to write in here since yesterday. I have been busy. Sigh.  I can't sleep. I'm feeling wide-awake. The light is on. Heather is sleeping in another room watching Kanica Bruce is on the lower bunk asleep. His father is in the restroom. I already took my shower. Luke decided to keep us together. I hope Bruce and I won't have sex. It is ridiculous. I don't know if I could conceive. I don’t have a period. It'll be an act of a higher power to give me a baby. I don’t know what we're doing tomorrow maybe the Felidae could teach us how to tree jump. It seems interesting, nothing new to add. I wonder how Vladimir is doing. I hope he's okay. I hope my kittens are doing okay. I hope so.  I was a little bit on the bored side. Sue would be five months with four to go now. How nice. I can't believe I was worried about Sue. Sigh. I wonder if I could explore the spire next to the cave. It might be nice. I hope so I think I'll go to sleep before Luke comes in and turn the light off.

Yours,
Elizabeth


May 25, 2101
Dear Anne, 

I went outside and sat on the grass. It’s a beautiful day out. It is also warm too. I find it weird that Edenia could be warm while Terra is cold with ice. Luke woke me up at dawn due to I don’t have my vibrating clock with me. I got up and ate bananas for breakfast. Then I walked outside to the spire. Geo'ler I think followed me. He let me walk in the spire. It was the same as the other spires I stayed in, two floors with a flight of stairs and rooms with bunk bed and beds in them. There were windows with Felidae looking out the window. Cra'zy came and told me to come with him. I followed him back inside to the cafeteria. There was a meeting. The meeting was about Kanica. Christian didn't give me a look of disgust. He and Maureen were looking at each other with love. I asked Maureen why she was angry with him yesterday. She explained she and Christian had an argument about having kids. That was all she told me. After the meeting I pulled out my journal and started writing in it. Andy saw me and told me I was lucky to have something to get rid of my frustrations. I felt fine. Tolland’s arm seems to be better. He was wearing cloth on his arm instead of a sling. I walked outside and sat on the grass with my back to the tree. I looked at the horizon. I saw a something strange. It was weird. I saw a creature come out of the ground. The creature was humanoid and had a long stick with an Egyptian symbol of Horus on it. The creature was covered in a hooded black robe. I stared at it and its clawed hands. I was surprised to see it. Then Cra'zy came and sat next to me. His ears were laid flat against his head. He seemed annoyed. The hooded creature went into the earth. I asked Cra'zy what they were. He told me his people call them creature with no name. I guess I’ll call them Hoodlums. They were very weird. I checked my watch it’s close to lunchtime so I went to go eat lunch. I couldn’t wait to tell the others about the creature. I ate fish for lunch. I told the others about seeing the hoodlum. Andy was interested. He was hoping that we could be friends with the Hoodlums. Cra'zy told us the Hoodlums are always covered up in their hooded robes. After the meeting I went outside with Bruce. A Hoodlum came out of the earth. I couldn't see its face because its hood covered the face and neck. I think it was a male. The Hoodlum waved his stick and hands appeared to sign "hello" I signed hello back. The Hoodlum signed back. We had a conversation telling the Hoodlum why we were here and stuff. I noticed Christian came out of the cave with Maureen out of the corner of my eye. Then several Felidae joined them. They stood watching us sign to each other. I asked him for his name and species name. He told me I’d learn his name later. He gave me his stick. Then the Hoodlum went into the earth. Christian and Maureen applauded. Several of the Felidae jumped up and down bouncing like bunnies.  Bruce and I went inside the spire. I showed him the rooms. There were bedrooms but no poolroom.   Geo'ler followed us around like a puppy which gave me a vision of a Labrador retriever puppy following me around a large room that was furnished with furniture and people that I couldn’t see them. He walked on fours. I showed Bruce the rooms then we went outside to sit on the grass.  The stick the hoodlum gave me was next to me on the ground. I think it is nice. I don't know why the Hoodlum gave it to me. The sun is shining very blindly. There isn't a cloud in the sky. It's a beautiful day. Bruce was lying next to me staring at Terra. I don't know what he is thinking about. I asked Bruce what he was thinking about. He told he was thinking about Terra. He thinks we could go back to Terra someday.  I don't know when but it'll be nice to see Sue again. I can't believe I wrote that.  We stayed outside until Terin came walking by. She told us with me interpreting as I lip read her that there was a meeting in a few minutes. We walked inside. I carried the stick.  Kanica apologized for trying to kill me. I accepted her apology. Then the meeting began. We talked about the shuttle Excelsior. It's hidden in a cave. Christian wanted to take the shuttle and fly it to somewhere far from Terra. Andy didn't like his idea. Tolland suggested going back to Terra. Terin reminded him of Earth's law of Perfection. Maureen thought we could stay on Edenia for a long time. A Hoodlum came up from the ground. Cra'zy's ears flipped back and so did Jo'ler. I don’t think the Hoodlums and the Felidae get along very well. The Hoodlum apologized for intruding in sign language. He told us that a ship from the sky has come and landed near the three spires. People with sticks came out and stood around. The people went into the spires and came out empty handed. They found the vehicles in the bushes. They put a box like object on the vehicles which made the vehicles burst in flames. Then the hoodlum went into the earth.  We talked about what the hoodlum told us. Andy asked me if I could do the hoodlum trick with the stick. I tried and sunk into the earth. I came out of the earth full of dirt on me. The others were shocked. I was shocked too. I told them I needed to take a bath and wash my clothes. I went to the restroom and took a shower. I took out my diary and left it on a ledge. I washed my coverall. Then I squeezed the water out of the coverall. I walked to my room in my underwear carrying my diary and the hoodlum stick in one hand. I hung my coverall out to dry. Then I put the blanket around me. Being in the Earth felt like being in water. I felt like I was jumping into a pool and was under water in a pool. As for the dirt on me it felt like water. It was a very weird experience. I felt it was strange.  Heather came by. She asked me about sinking in the Earth. I told her about feeling like water. Heather tried my stick and went into the earth herself. She came out full of dirt. She put my stick next to the wall and left my room. My coverall was dry.  I don't want Bruce and his father to see me in my underwear. I got dressed then I opened the door. Luke and Bruce were they're looking worried. I told them I was fine. I told them about Heather trying my stick and doing the hoodlum trick. Luke told me it explains why Heather was full of dirt. It was time for bed. Bruce was on the lower bunk asleep. Luke was else where. The light was on. I have to turn it off to go to sleep. Good night.

Yours, 
Elizabeth


May 26, 2101 
Dear Anne,

	I slept fine. Luke woke us up at dawn. What happened to sleeping late? I love to sleep late. Breakfast was fruit. Not again. Outside was a sunny day. Bruce and I sat on the grass admiring the view. We chatted about the spires. We ran inside when we saw a ship coming in our direction. I warned the others about the ship. My hearing aids weren't working so I put them in a pocket. We stood hidden in our rooms. I asked Luke what he was hearing. 
He told me "Gunfire."
I hope it’s nothing serious. I was on Luke's bed with Bruce holding me. Luke has his ear to the door. I put my hearing aids on. I could hear a strange noise that sounds like thunder. The noise stopped. Luke opened the door and went out. He came back and told us it was safe to come out. Outside the ground was littered full of people and Felidae. There were green people with claw marks on them. Andy grabbed their guns. I searched the bodies for food and other items. Then we buried the dead. The ship sat parked next to the spire. The wounded people limped back into the ship Semper Fi. The shuttle took off in the air and flew away in the sky. Heather used her nursing skills to help the wounded Felidae.  Heather did several operations to get the bullets out of them. The hoodlums came up from the ground. They buried the dead Felidae. Then we helped bring the wounded to the medical cave. I think my coverall got stained. I went back outside and went behind a tree and I threw up.  I saw a person in green attack me with a knife. I ran away from him screaming at the top of my lungs. At that moment I panicked forgetting to defend myself in my wolf form. Rats. Cra'zy came by and attacked the guy. They fought for awhile until Cra'zy knocked him out. The others came over when they heard my screaming. Christian had rope with him, which he used to tie the guy up. His nametag read Jordan. He was my height with long brown hair. Christian pocketed the knife and dragged Jordan into the cave. Then I fainted. When I came too I found myself in Bruce's bed with Bruce holding my hand. He looked worried. Bruce told me Jordan is on a bed in another room. He was still unconscious. Heather examined me. She told me it was shock, which is why I fainted. Bruce escorted me to the cafeteria. I ate dinners, which were fish and fruit. I was getting a little sick of fish and fruit. I can't wait to eat something else.  I have a headache. After dinner was a meeting. We discussed what to do with Jordan. Andy suggested asking Jordan what was going on Terra. Christian stopped by told us Jordan was awake. We walked into the cave to the room next to the bathroom. Jordan sat on the bed his feet and hands bound. He had a look of disgust on his face when he saw us. 
He spoke "Lieutenant Taylor Jordan 2345" 
And he repeated that over and over. Christian slapped him, which made Jordan stop talking. 
Christian asked him "Why are you here?"
 Jordan answered "To kill those who are not perfection." 
He sneered when he spoke that. Christian rolled his eyes. 
Maureen asked him "Why did your crew leave you here?" 
Jordan answered "Who knows?!” 
Christian asked him what was happening on Terra. Jordan told us the news branded us fugitives.  I noticed his feet. One foot was turned in way. I untied his shoelace. He screamed at me. I didn't understand a word he said. I took his boots off. His right foot was a clubfoot. His left foot was turned. I think he wasn't perfect which made Jordan weep. We left him alone to cry. Then we went to the cafeteria to hold a meeting. I told everybody that Jordan might be a good ally.  Christian was skeptical. Maureen thought it was a great idea. Terin admitted that she found a connection towards Jordan. I think its love. I noticed Jordan stared at Terin when he talked to us. After the meeting I went outside with a Felidae following me. I saw the sunset. It was beautiful. I stayed outside until it got a little cold. I went to the cafeteria and sat on a bench.  What a day. I took a shower and went to my room. Bruce was there lying in bed awake. He and I chatted for a bit. We talked about the day that happened. Luke wandered in covered with dirt. He had my stick with him. I can't believe he did that.  Luke left to take a shower. Bruce and I continued talking. I saw Christian run by the opened door. I got up from bed and went into the hallway with Bruce behind me. We saw Christian ran into Jordan's room. We followed him in Jordan's room. Jordan was there with a gun at Terin's head. He threatened to shoot her. Christian told him not to. Jordan told us to take him to the shuttle Excelsior. Christian refused. Terin elbowed Jordan in his private part. Jordan doubled over in pain dropping the gun. Christian grabbed the gun and checked it. There were no bullets in the gun. Terin helped Jordan to the bed. She kissed him on the lips. Christian had a look of disgust on his face. He was disgusted with Jordan. I was too excited to sleep. Bruce was on the lower bunk staring at me as I write. I think he's in love with me.  I should be going to bed but I don't feel tired. Luke is here told me to go to sleep.

	Excited,
	Elizabeth 


May 27, 2101
Dear Anne,

 I got up and stepped on Bruce's hand on my way down the bunk bed. I think I woke him up. He followed me to the bathroom I took a drink from the shower water. The water tastes funny. Left a funny taste in my mouth, which Bruce thought that was funny of me. I told him I was thirsty. Then Bruce kissed me on the cheek. We got a little kissier when someone tapped my shoulder. I stopped kissing Bruce to see Kanica awake. 
She quietly told us in sign language "Please wait until you know each other better before having a baby." 
She went into her room. Bruce and I walked to our room. Luke woke us up early. I wasn't the only one yawning. Bruce was yawning too.  Breakfast was fish and apples to eat. I had water to drink. Heather insisted I eat an herb. I ate one and it didn't taste very good.  Outside was a beautiful day. It was warm out. Bruce and I walked hand and hand outside. We stood in the sun watching the clouds roll by. It was a peaceful day. I felt relaxed that I changed into my wolf form and sat snoozing and relaxing. Bruce did the same and snoozed with me. I felt I didn't sleep very well last night.  I went to sleep and I had a weird dream. I dreamed men in green suits with guns came barging in the room and shot us. The dream disturbed me a lot that I woke up. Bruce was up. Luke came to tell us it was lunchtime. Lunch was fruit and fish. I was dying for a cheeseburger with French fries and soda to drink. I was having cravings for food I ate in the twentieth century. I can't believe we don't make them anymore. After lunch was a meeting. We talked about the shuttle Excelsior then about getting more food. Our food supply was getting a little low. Jo'ler came by and Christian told him about the food supply being low. Jo'ler told us he'll dispatch several of the Felidae to get more food. We thanked him then he wandered out of the cafeteria. Maureen mentioned that it was beautiful day out so we walked outside.  I think it must be the diet I ate. I can't wait to eat something else besides fish and fruit.  I came out from behind the tree to see Bruce leaning on the tree. He was waiting for me. We walked down the mountain. I could see Felidae tree jumping overhead us. Halfway down the sky darkened a bit so we ran in our wolf forms back to the cave. It rained when Bruce and I arrived at the cave. The rain was followed by thunder and lightening. It was a storm. I was going to be bored. I hope the Felidae are okay in the storm. I haven't seen Cra'zy around. I guess he's with his wife and new daughter.  Kanica and Mark her boyfriend is kissing each other. How cute. We're all in the cafeteria. Several Felidae came in soaking wet. They shook the water off like dogs shaking. They brought along herbs, apples, bananas and fish. I was getting a little sick of eating fish and fruit including herbs. The herbs were for our teeth.  Bruce put his arm on my shoulder. Luke was sitting across from me. We were having a meeting in a few minutes. My watch still works. I don’t know what we're being talking about. I hope we eat something else besides fish and fruit. I'm getting a little sick. I have been feeling a throw up feeling all day. I hope it's nothing serious. I hope I'm okay. The meeting was about the shuttle.  It's hidden in a cave. Christian wanted to fly it out of here to somewhere in the galaxy. Maureen disagreed with him. She thought the Earth people may have put weapons on their shuttles and may, might shoot us down. Christian and Maureen argued about that for a few minutes. Andy interrupted them by telling them to quit their arguing. He was getting sick of the fighting among each other. Terin told us about using the shuttle to explore Edenia. Tolland agreed with her. Christian liked her idea. Outside it was still thundering, and raining out. I felt a boom followed by another boom. A hoodlum came out of the ground and told us that a ship fired with a beam on the mountain causing a rockslide covering a cave. Christian thinks the ship was firing at the shuttle. They probably couldn't take it out so they sealed it in. Then the hoodlum sank in the Earth and was gone. 
Maureen muttered "Well what do you know? We're stuck here on Edenia which is no paradise." 
We all laughed at her joke. Then the meeting ended. The others wandered around. Bruce left with his father to a cave entrance. I don't know where they're going. Oh well. I feel okay today. My throw up feeling is gone. I'm glad about that. Since there are no facilities for going the bathroom I have to go outside and go behind a tree to go. It was raining a little bit. I think several Felidaes saw me go. I felt a sensation of being watched when I went. The feeling stayed with me when I went inside the cave. Luke saw me. He told me he was looking for me. I told him I had to go to the bathroom. I added I was being watched when I went. Luke told me he had the same feeling when he was outside too. I have a feeling that there's a third race out there besides the hoodlums and the Felidae. My hearing aids went dead so I put them in a pocket. I feel fine. No throw up feeling. It was good to shower. The water was warm. I came out to see Heather. She didn't have an impatient look on her face.  I went to my room. Excuse me Bruce and Luke's room too.  Luke was out. Bruce was lying on the bed staring at me. I'm writing in here. He's watching me write. Bruce asked me what I write about. I told him everything. I want to have the journal be used as a book. I'm still wearing that old necklace Anna gave me. It looks a little old. I don't have the bracelets. I think they were destroyed in the fire. I checked my pockets and found two bracelets with writing designs on them. They reminded me of hospital bracelets. I gave one to Bruce. He put it on. Then I continued writing. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth
 

May 28, 2101
Dear Anne,

 Luke woke Bruce and me at dawn again. Whose idea was to wake us up at dawn anyway? Humph. Well breakfast was fish and fruit. I'm getting a little sick of fish and fruit. We chewed herbs to clean our teeth. Heather insisted I swallow the awful tasting herb after chewing it. Yuck. Then we had a meeting. We talked about what we were going to do today. Christian wanted to go on the other side of the mountain. Andy wanted to explore the mountain too. Jo'ler stopped by and told us it was raining hard. Christian went to check on the weather. He came back a little wet. His coverall stuck to his chest.  Maureen giggled at the sight of him. Bruce asked Jo'ler about Cra'zy. Jo'ler told us Cra'zy is busy being a father to his baby girl.  Bruce sat next to me. I pulled out my journal. Kanica was nosy. She wanted me to read the entire thing to us. I told her no way the journal was private. It was a funny morning. Bruce wants to go exploring. He wanted me to come along and stop writing in this journal. 
Yagh! Bruce and I explored several caves. We came to a cave next to a seamless bottomless pit. The cliff wall fell away and we landed on a ledge. I yelled at the top of my lungs "help".  We tried to climb up but brought more rocks tumbled down on us. I pulled out my journal because Bruce told me he thought about throwing it up the cliff wall. I told him no way and sat down when the craziest thing happened. The dark cliff walls got brighter and brighter Bruce and I shaded our eyes. I could feel a drumming vibration. I felt myself and Bruce rising in the air. The bright light went away and we found ourselves standing at the cliff wall. It was really weird. Bruce and I saw Cra'zy and told him about the bright light. Cra'zy told us it was a Dragon Drum. Eh? We asked him what a Dragon Drum is. He told me there are Dragons on Edenia. I love Dragons. I'm a dragon nut. He added whenever there's a drumming sound and a bright light, it’s a Dragon Drum. Bruce and I were still confused. We followed Cra'zy to the cafeteria. The others were there. We told them what happened and what Cra'zy told us. Tolland was excited as Jordan and Annia who has been quiet was interested too. She is also a dragon nut too. Terin was interested too. I guess the world is full of dragon nuts.  I hope to see one someday. I would love to know what they look like. After the meeting we sat around talking about varies things. Kanica is chatting with Heather and Mark. I lip read them talking about the baby. Bruce is signing to his father. They are arguing about the incident Bruce and I had. Luke doesn't want Bruce and me to wander in the caves alone. He wants a Felidae to be with us whenever we explore the caves. They noticed me eavesdropping on them and turned their backs on me. I'm annoyed. I don't know who was rude them or me.  Maureen is teaching Christian sign language. Annia is watching Maureen teach Christian sign language. She hasn’t talked much. Andy went to his room. I'm bored. I yawned and I went to my room and took a nap. Bruce woke me up by shaking my arm. I woke up. Dinner was water to drink, fish and fruit to eat. I'm getting a little sick of eating fish and fruit. Ugh. I went to the bathroom and washed my hands then I went to the cafeteria. I have been calling the big room with tables and benches the cafeteria. The others caught the name from me and have been referring the room as cafeteria. I wonder whose idea was for us to have meetings in the first place.  We had a long meeting that lasted for an hour. We talked about what to do tomorrow. Christian wanted to explore the mountain. Tolland wanted to explore the caves. Luke reminded him about the cliff wall crumpling on Bruce and I that Luke insisted that we have a Felidae escort when we explore the caves. Maureen insisted we have a Felidae escort when we explore the mountain. After the meeting I stood in line behind Kanica to wait to take my shower. Thirty minutes passed and I took my shower. It was good to wash myself. Only one flaw was there was no shampoo or soap.  I've been feeling sweaty all day. I felt I needed deodorant. Bruce is lying on his bed staring at me. What the heck is he looking at? I hate it when people stare at me. 

Yours, 
Elizabeth


May 29, 2101
Dear Anne,

I got up at dawn waked by Luke touching my arm. Our conversation yesterday was about my writing in a journal. Bruce thought it was a good idea someone records what we do here in case of death. I really hope not. Breakfast was herbs. Heather insisted everyone eat herbs. Cute. They taste awful. Yuck. It's a welcome change from fish and fruit.  Today is sunny and warm. That's weird. It’s weird that Terra is cold when it's warm here.  Christian asked for volunteers to come with him on the other side of the mountain. Bruce, Tolland and I volunteered. The walk up the mountain was tiring. It took us two hours to get there. Bruce and I took turns walking on four paws. Sometimes on the way we sniffed at things and romped around until I found a rock that's shaped like an egg. Cracks appeared on the rock. I got up and ran to a tree. Turned around to see a Dragon come out of the trees and come to the egg. The dragon was like what I read in books. It was big. There were wings in different colors like a rainbow. I think I came up to its ankle. I watched the huge dragon in black color attend to the egg. Some one tapped me on the shoulder. It was Christian. He gestured for me to come with him. We left the dragon alone with the egg. I saw Christian and Tolland clutch their ears. I asked them why. They said the dragon roared followed by a drumming sound. We reached the bottom of the mountain. I looked up and I saw Felidae tree hopping I pointed this out to Christian. Christian had a hard time understanding me. I had to use my voice. It was awful. We sat to rest for Tolland's sake. He was lagging behind obviously out of shape. I sat on a rock. I made sure the rock wasn’t' an egg. If it was egg shaped I wouldn't sit on it. The rock was big and felt fine. Weird. I sat on and it and wished I hadn't. I felt the rock expand like someone breathing. I quickly got up and ran to Bruce. I signed to him about the rock. Bruce told me he thinks it s a dragon. The rock moved and we hid behind a tree. The rock was a gray dragon. The dragon flew up in the air. Christian came by and we told him about the dragon. Christian understood us this time. We walked back up the mountain. All we saw were trees, bushes, and dragons including dragon eggs. Then halfway up the mountain we stopped to rest. I felt I had an exciting day.  I'm a little tired. We got up to the top of the mountain. The view was spectacular. I could see for miles around. I could see the spires. The spires are sitting in a valley. We took a rest then went down the mountain to home. On the way Bruce and I romped in our wolf forms again. Christian had to control us by waving his hands because we were getting distracted by the smells. We ate dinner quite fast. I ate my fish and fruits fast. I was very hungry. I think they'll get a laugh out of me mistaking a dragon for a rock. We told them about the dragons. I told them about sitting on a dragon and mistaking it as a rock. No one laughed at that. Luke had a look of horror on his face.  Terin looked shocked. Tolland wasn't happy about that. He walked over to his twin sister. Heather insisted on seeing our feet. I took off my sneakers and socks and showed her my feet. My feet felt better with the shoes off. I'm relieved. I have been sleeping with my shoes on because it’s a pain in the feet. Heather inspected my feet, and found them fine. I walked barefoot to my room I was tired. I took a nap. Then I woke up when the crystal light went on. It was Bruce coming in the room. I put my socks back on. I think I need to sleep with out my sneakers on. I also need to cut my toenails. My nails are getting a little long. I hope I can get them cut. I wonder how. I noticed the men except for Bruce seem to be growing mustaches and beards. I hope Heather has a razor. My legs are getting hairy. I don't feel comfortable having hair under my armpits. I hate it. I also have to get used to not having shampoo, soap and deodorant. Maybe we could get some stuff from the shuttle Excelsior. I wonder if we could examine the damage on the shuttle.  I'm tired so I think I'll go to sleep. Bruce is lying on his bed asleep. His shoes are off. He looks cute with his blond hair dangling in his face. Aw. 

	Tired,
	Elizabeth


May 30, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 	Same old, I got up at dawn. I woke myself up before Luke could touch my arm. He really needs a shave. I feel I'm used to getting up early. I wonder why we have to get up early at dawn. I asked Luke how he gets up at dawn. He showed me his watch and mentioned it has an alarm to go off at the right time.  Breakfast again was herbs. We used it to clean our teeth. Outside was a nice sunny day, not a cloud in the sky. I sat down on the ground. Kanica sat next to me. She tried to peer over my shoulder as I wrote an entry. I moved to sit in a tree shade. Leaves fell on me. I looked up and I could see Cra'zy and several Felidae shaking the branches and tree hopping. I would love to do that. I put my diary away in my zippered pocket then climbed the tree. Cra'zy asked me why I was climbing the tree. 
I told him in sign language "To tree hop." 
Cra'zy blocked my way and gave me a lecture about tree hopping. He warned me I might fall and break a bone in my body. There isn't any medical equipment for that. He added several Felidaes died from tree hopping. Sigh I climbed down the tree and went inside to have lunch. Lunch was fruit. I'm getting a little sick of fruit. Yuck. After lunch I went outside. I saw a dragon flying in the air. It inspired me to write a poem I remembered by Beth Hoyer. 

Dragon Dreams 

Come Dragons of the past, 
Come flying in the wind, 
Bellowing their calls, 
Belching out fire, 
Roaring as the dragons, 
Flew long ago,
On the untouched land, 
As eagles in the sky. 

Come Dragons of the old, 
Be a legend no more, 
Become reality, 
In the dreams, 
Of those who dare 
To dream of Dragons. 

The dragon landed near me. It roared and moved its mouth. 
Luke came by and I lip-read him telling the dragon "She's deaf. I'll interpret what you said." 
He signed "Hello my name is Arena." 
I spoke "My name is Elizabeth." 
We had a conversation. We talked about Edenia, the great chasm, and her name Arena. The dragon is a she. Her name comes from the dragon language meaning long-lived one. Then Arena flew in the air. I felt vibrations of drumming. Luke told me he heard drums. We couldn't figure out where the drumming was coming from. I went outside to sit in a tree. I climbed up and sat down. Cra'zy came by and is watching me write. He is interested.  Cra'zy asked me a bunch of questions about my writing. His people don't have a written language anymore. They have to memorize things.  I stayed in the tree talking to Cra'zy. Geo'ler came by and signed to Cra'zy that his wife was expecting Cra'zy to come for dinner. The Felidaes eat at different hours.  Cra'zy jumped down from the tree and walked on fours into the cave. Geo'ler walked on his two hind legs. I have been noticing that only Cra'zy walks on fours. Bruce came by and told me it was time for dinner. Dinner was roast fish with herbs and water to drink. I'm dying for a soda. I can't wait to go back to Terra. I miss having to eat food and the TV too. We had a meeting that lasted for an hour. I talked about going to the shuttle to get items.  Christian thought it was a good idea. He wanted to get a razor. He complained his beard was too long. Maureen added she wanted to get a hairbrush and a pair of scissors. We decided to do this tomorrow at 7am on Luke’s watch. After that we talked about babies. Kanica brought up the subject. She's added she could be four months pregnant. She looks a little bit on the large side. One thing I should tell you that pregnancies on Edenia are different from pregnancies on Terra on Edenia according to Heather their reported to be anywhere from three days to nine weeks. Then Luke talked about Arena a dragon that talks. Most of the people were shocked.  After the meeting I went to take my shower. It was good to shower. I came out to see Bruce looking a little bit dirty. I asked him why he was covered up in dirt. He wouldn't tell me. Instead he went into the bathroom and slammed the door. I saw Luke in our room and asked him why Bruce was dirty. Luke told me Bruce tried my stick to do the hoodlum trick of sinking in the ground and rising up. I hate it when people do that. It is annoying. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


May 31, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 	I'm getting sick of waking up early I rather sleep late as noon. We ate herbs for breakfast. I went outside. It was sunny out I felt tired so I snoozed. I had a weird dream. I dreamed of a woman with pointy ears, who had brown hair and a man also with pointy ears, who had blond hair. They were wearing brown crewneck long sleeve shirts and brown pants. They had hoodlum sticks with a star on it. I found the dream weird. Both the man and woman were seemly my age but older. I have no idea why I dreamed of them.  Bruce woke me up by kissing me on the lips. I kissed him back then he got up. I got up and we walked inside to eat lunch.  Lunch was more herbs and bananas. I'm getting sick of eating them. I rather eat grass. At least I could be a cow.  I went outside with Bruce, and Christian. We walked to the shuttle Excelsior hidden in a cave. It was a long hike and was very tiring.  It was hidden in a cave at another mountain. We found rocks piled on the shuttle. Getting inside was the hard part. We had to move several rocks that weighted like a ton. I think I got muscles. Inside the shuttle was similar to the ship Sue and I was on except it was smaller. I brought my backpack, which we loaded it up with necessities and some food. I wanted to bring some of the equipment along but Christian told me we had no room for it in my backpack. I looked around for books and I found a sign language book. It was the only book I found in the shuttle. The hike back was tiring. I took a nap and Bruce woke me up. We ate apples for dinner. I went to take a shower. My hair felt much better using the shampoo. I also felt better with the soap. It was good to shave too. I came out and Kanica went in the bathroom slamming the door. Sheesh. She's going to break the door if she keeps slamming the door.  I feel I don't have much news to add. I'm getting bored. I would love for some excitement. Why can't something nice happen around here? That'll be nice. We've been on Edenia for awhile. I don't have much to write about. I hope something exciting happens tomorrow. Tomorrow is a new month June. When it's July I'll be nineteen and half years old. 
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth



June 1, 2101 
Dear Anne,

Luke let Bruce and I sleep late.  I woke up and checked the time. I felt refreshed. I saw Luke. He told me he noticed I was tired last night from the walk so he thought it was a good idea to let us sleep late. I had herbs for lunch and breakfast. Outside was raining out. I didn't find an umbrella on the shuttle Excelsior.  I combed my hair and put it up in a ball. Then I wandered around the caves looking in doorways. If a door was closed, I left it closed. If a door was open I peeked into the room.  I mostly saw piles of leaves and branches on beds. There were no blankets. A Felidae followed me around. I signed to her. I knew it was a she because of the cloths covering her chest. She told me her name was Rory.  Well I went back to the Cafeteria. Rory wandered elsewhere. I stayed in the cafeteria all day. It was raining out. I was bored. I took a nap and left my diary in my hand.  I woke up when I felt someone try to take my diary from my hand. I saw it was Kanica who looked sheepish. Humph.  I missed dinner. I can't believe it. I ate roasted apples for dinner. We don't have any knifes to cut the apples with. So we have to use our teeth with Bruce and me assisting as Wolves.  I took a shower. I made sure I didn't use any shampoo or soap. We're rationing it for once a week. I even shaved too. The shaving is once a week. One thing there's no shaving cream. We couldn’t find any on the shuttle. So the boys will have to shave as close they can.   

	Bored,
	Elizabeth


June 2, 2101
Dear Anne,

 I went to the cafeteria waiting for the meeting to start. Andy was late. Heather went to get him. I hope he's fine. I noticed him clutching his left arm last night. I hope it wasn't a heart attack. I told Heather that. Her face turned white and she ran down the hallway. 
Today was a bad day. I meant sad day. Heather came back, she was crying. I had a hard time understanding her. I asked Luke to tell me what she said. He told me Andy died. Aw. I'm very sad.  I wish I had told Heather yesterday about him clutching his left arm. I'm very sad I didn't. That is one thing I now regret. We wrapped Andy up in blankets and carried his body down the mountain to a grassy area. It was a long walk and it was worth it to do that. We buried Andy in the grassy area. Maureen made a cross out of sticks. Terin and Tolland were very upset about their father gone. How sad. They cried a lot. Then it began to rain. Terin and Tolland stayed in the rain at their father's grave. I walked with Bruce to the cave. I didn't mind getting wet. But it ruined my hearing aids I had in my pocket. I think their useless now. There's no way I can use them now. Oh well.  I didn't eat very much. I only had an apple. I felt depressed. Lucky my diary was spared from the rain. The pocket it was in is waterproof.  It's still raining out. I think when it rains its earth's way of weeping or it’s God watering the plants.  Terin and Tolland came back soaking wet. Heather told them to take a hot shower immediately. They numbing went down the hallway to the bathroom. The shower has a switch to turn the water hot, cold or lukewarm. I have been showering in lukewarm water. We had a meeting. We discussed Andy and his children. Luke mentioned he has a wife on Earth who is a perfectionist. She is still alive and loves him. Oh interesting. I wonder about Bruce's sister. I asked Bruce for the name of his sister. He told me it was Anya pronounced Anne-yah. His mother's name is Juliana.  Bruce wouldn't talk more about his sister and mother. Oh well. Terin and Tolland came back. We gave them our support one hundred percent. Christian asked for a eulogy. Terin broke down and ran to her room. Tolland followed her. Then we discussed Andy. I feel sorry for him. It was a sad day.  

	Sadness,
	Elizabeth


June 3, 2101 
Dear Elizabeth

 	I can't sleep. I 'm too upset about Andy. I should have told Heather about Andy's arm instead of waiting till morning.  I feel upset about that.  The crystals are glowing a bit. There's enough light to write in here. I checked Luke and Bruce their not asleep. Bruce is staring at the wall. Luke is staring at the ceiling. I think I'll see if I could talk to Bruce.  In two hours I'll be up for breakfast. Bruce and I chatted mostly about Andy in sign language. Luke joined our conversation. We chatted about Andy and George.  Luke told us to sleep because we're getting up to get more food. Our food supply is low. I should be going to sleep. 
Outside it’s a beautiful day. The sunny is shining. Everything looks wet. I think there was a rainstorm last night. I wonder what made the crystals glow. Breakfast was the last of our apples. Everybody wanted to go to the apple orchard and get more apples. I guess we needed a welcome change from our normal routine. I'm a little tired. We're all tired. I found out that many of us didn't sleep very well last night. I woke up myself and went back to sleep then was waken by Luke. The walk to the apple orchard was tiring. I fell tired walking to the apple orchard. I looked up in the sky and I saw a dragon flying overhead. There was Felidaes tree hopping.  At the orchard I sat down on a fallen tree but I got up from the tree and helped the gang fill up two boxes and two backpacks worth of apples. I even climbed the trees to get the apples. I could see the spires in the distance. I miss living there. Cra'zy tree hopped to the tree I was in. He and I signed to each other. We talked about the dragons. Cra'zy heard my adventure about the dragons. He thought it was funny that I mistook a dragon for a rock. Hahaha. The walk back was tiring. We stopped by the banana trees and carried bushels of bananas then ate them at the cafeteria. I went to my room to take a nap. I was tired. Bruce came in the room to tell me there was a meeting in a few minutes. I wonder who our new leader is. Would we have to vote? I hope not. This is like a TV show I saw about voting to move on or stay. The meeting was about whom was to be picked as the leader of the humans us. We decided on Christian. He accepted it okay. After that we talked about not sleeping well last night. Neither of us slept fine. Kanica complained about morning sickness. She added she threw up outside. Several Felidae saw her. She was embarrassed.  After the meeting I went back to my room to bed and snoozed. I had a weird dream. I dreamed of the woman and man both with pointy ears, like elves, with the hoodlum sticks. I named them Tiger and Panther as is drawn to name them that. Tiger and Panther seem to be on an island. There were waters around the island. I could see a humanoid with pointy ears with black hair and all white eyes.  He was wearing what High Council would wear leather tan pants, a long sleeve top and a cape. There was a female humanoid that facial appearance to him. She was wearing a dress that was like an oversized T-shirt. She also had a cape. I have no idea that those two were. Bruce woke me up by kissing me on the lips. I named the male Hydeo as if thinking of it unexpectedly and the female Valera as if drawn to think of it. Bruce told me in sign language that it was dinnertime. Dinner was fish, fruit and herbs with water to drink. I can't wait to find an orange groove. I'm getting sick of drinking water. I want something like orange juice or soda. I thought about squeezing the apple to get the juice out. It didn't work when I tried it.  
There was going to be a meeting in a few minutes. Christian insisted on a meeting. Bruce was sitting next to me. He was watching me write. He knows I write a lot in here. The meeting was about going back to the shuttle Excelsior. Christian wanted to examine the shuttle for damage and get other items that could be taken from the ship. He wanted to get a radio so we could listen to transmissions and see if the perfection religion is gone. I really hope so.  Jo’ler came by. He told us we'd have to walk over to the shuttle. He's willing to spare several Felidae to help us carry the items over to here. Then he wandered out of the cafeteria. Cra'zy lay on the floor like a cat with his tummy exposed. Then we talked about whom was staying and going. Christian volunteered to go and so did Bruce and I. Maureen wanted to go but she had a foot pain that it made it hard for her to walk. We decided to do this first thing in the morning if there's good weather. After the meeting I went outside and threw up. I felt hands on my back and I had a vision of a toilet in front of me in a white room.  Bruce followed me. He told me to sit down and wait for Heather to come. He went to get Heather. She came and examined me by touching my stomach. I felt no pains at all. I just felt hot. Heather told me to take a cool shower. She thinks its medicine withdrawal from me taking medicine while on Terra. I had to wait until Kanica was finished with the shower to shower. Heather told me to go to bed.  The crystals are glowing. There's enough light for me to write. I don't know where Bruce and Luke are. I'm feeling vibrations like drumming coming from the wall. I think I'll go feel the wall. I felt the wall and the drumming stopped. I felt tired and decided to go to bed.

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


 June 7, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 	I woke up on Bruce's bed. Bruce was sleeping his head on my hand. I moved it. He looked at me. He was crying. I asked him what happened. I told him all I remember was there was a drumming vibration from the wall. I touched the wall and felt the earth below me moved to make a hole, which I fell through. Bruce told me he found me gone from the room. He found a hollow area on the dirt ground that suggested I did the hoodlum trick with out the stick. I asked him what the date was. He told me it was June 7. I asked Bruce how I got on the bed. He told me a hoodlum came up from the ground in the cafeteria and with a stick the ground around him became mud revealing me lying in the mud. Bruce told me his father felt for life signs on me and found them. He carried me to my room and left me on Bruce's bed. I have been unconscious for a whole day. I ate some herbs and fish along with apples. I drank water. There's a freshwater river flowing underground the cafeteria. I ate pretty fast. Every body welcomed me back. After eating I went outside and went behind a tree. I had to go. I think I was being watched. I had a creepy feeling of being watched. I don't know why. But it is bothering me. The feeling stayed with me until I entered the cave. Luke asked me what happened in our room. I told him what I told Bruce. Luke was curious too. I can't remember a thing that happened after I fell through the hole.  I told everybody what happened and the feeling of being watched when I was outside.  Terin confirmed that she had a feeling of being watched too. Tolland thought it was just the Felidaes being peeping toms. I really hope not. I hate peeping toms. Heather made me go to back to bed. Bruce told me to take the lower bunk. I told him I was taking the higher bunk period. Bruce helped me climb up and I snoozed. I woke up someone didn't wake me in time for dinner. I sat up and felt the drumming vibration. A hole formed at the wall on my right. I sprang from the bed nearly spraining my left ankle. The hole closed up. I went to the cafeteria and found the others talking. They stopped talking when they saw me. Heather grabbed me and dragged me to the bathroom. She told me to get my arm checked for gangrene. She wasn't making sense. She helped me take off my coverall that's when I saw blood. I checked my right arm. There was a long cut around my upper right arm like circle or a tattoo. I was bleeding a bit. Heather washed my cut with water and some water from a bottle that made it sting. Ouch. She wrapped my arm with bandages. I asked her where she got the bandages. She explained from the shuttle Excelsior. Christian, herself, Cra'zy and Geo'ler went to the shuttle and got first aid items including a radio. She borrowed my backpack. Then she took out my diary and washed my coverall. She managed to get the blood out. She told me to wait here. I'm wearing weird underwear. It's like a gymnastics leotard without sleeves. The underwear is white colored. It has a built in bra and built in underwear. Heather came back with a blanket to wrap around myself. She told me to go back to bed. I hung my wet coverall on the bunk bed's ladder. I should be going to bed now. I'm a little tired. Plus my arm hurts. It stings pretty badly. My left ankle feels sore. I hope the pain is nothing serious. 

	Ooh,
	Elizabeth


June 8, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 Luke let me sleep late. I woke up and I got up and felt my coverall. I did have a dream of me lying on a white bed in a white room in a wolf form. There was a needle attached to my arm where the cut was. There also was something in my nose too. Humph. The coverall was entirely dry. I put it on. I checked my bandage. There was a red stain. I think I'm bleeding. My ankle is feeling better. No soreness. I have no idea what was the hole in the wall. I hope I won't see it again. I really do. I got up and went to the cafeteria. Heather checked my bandages on my arm. She put some herbs on my wound then rewrapped the bandages around my arm. She warned me that I might have a scar. It'll be interesting. Maybe they have tattoos on Terri.  Bruce and I chatted about marriage. We have been dating each other since January. It's been nearly six months. He wanted to give me something special, also told me it was a surprise. I wonder what it is. I really hope I'll be fine. The meeting was about me being in a coma. Heather explained I have been showing signs of going through medicine withdrawal. She added going in a coma is a way for my body to telling me it needs something else besides fish, herbs and fruit. I can't wait to eat something else. Christian suggested dragon eggs. I told him they're big and too large to move. It was ridiculous I didn't like his idea. After the meeting Heather told me to go back to bed. She wanted me to rest. I went to my room and got on the top bunk. A hole formed at the wall on my right. I looked in the hole and I could see a tunnel going to somewhere. Being scared I didn't go through the tunnel. I got up from bed and stood watching the hole disappear. I went to sleep. I had a dream, which a hoodlum told me in sign language that there's nothing to fear about the hole. I woke up. I wonder should I bring my diary or leave it? I think I'll bring it and leave a note. I have extra pages on the diary that I can tear out any time. A hole formed on the wall besides me. I wrote a note. 

"Gone through the hole in the wall the hoodlums say its fine.
Elizabeth"

Which I left on my bed as I went through the hole and wound up on an island was the same one from my dream. I saw Tiger and Panther. They were standing there looking at me. A hoodlum came up from the earth. The hoodlum spoke in sign language that Tiger and Panther are my descendants’ years in the future. Then a hole opened up below me. I fell and landed on my bed. Bruce was there staring at me with curiosity. I told him what happened.  I spent the whole day doing this trip. He told me that and he told me it was best to keep it between him and his father in case.  I was too tired to argue so I went to the cafeteria to eat dinner. I was hungry. I was getting a little sick of eating fish and fruit.  I was getting tired of the food we eat here. I'm getting sick. I noticed that I been passing out whenever I sleep. I think it might be withdrawal related. I told Heather that. She confirmed that other people have been passing out when sleeping. I really wish we could eat some meat. I'm dying for a cheeseburger. We had a meeting. The meeting was about my latest adventure. Luke couldn't keep his mouth shut. Humph. Kanica was interested in my dream. She was hoping there are dreams of her baby. She's now five months along. The baby is due in who knows when.  We talked about the radio. It got transmissions from Earth and Terra. The messages were about us. Earth told Terra that Edenia is off limits. They were to make sure we don't leave Edenia alive. Meaning they'll shoot the ship and destroy it if we fly it.  I guess I'm stuck here on Edenia for a long, long time. I don't believe it. I went to my room and found Bruce reading book one in the trilogy. I left him alone to read. I climbed up to my bunk. 
Bruce and I talked about my journal. We talked about making other journals for the others so they could record their thoughts. Breakfast was roasted apples and bananas. I can't wait to eat meat. I really do. I have cravings for meat.  There was a meeting being held outside. It was a beautiful day out. I sat in a tree shade. Bruce was lying next to me asleep.  I think he didn't sleep very well last night. I couldn't sleep because of the glowing crystals. I kept waking up. I woke up to see the crystals glowing very brightly. I think it woke Bruce and Luke up. The crystals stopped glowing and I went to sleep. I tickled Bruce in the stomach area. I woke him up. He's very ticklish. Christian signed to begin the meeting. We discussed what to do today. I complained about having cravings for other kinds of food. I wasn't the only one complaining. Then after the meeting I climbed a tree and snoozed for a bit. The tree wasn't that comfortable sleeping on it. I don't want to sleep on the ground because of my fear of bugs. I haven't seen any bugs around here. I guess we're lucky that there's no mosquitoes to bother us. Bruce came by and told me to get out of the tree. He wanted to go for a walk and wanted me with him. I got out of the tree and climbed down. Then Bruce and I took a short walk to the bottom of the mountain. We changed into our wolf forms and walked down the mountain. We ran a bit and rubbed each other. We both had a feeling of being watched. I could see Felidaes tree hopping above us. At the bottom of the mountain we sat down to rest. I leaned myself against a tree. Bruce put his arm around me. We stared at the trees and watched Felidaes tree hopping.   Dark clouds appeared so Bruce and I wolf formed in a run back up the mountain to the cave. It rained when we arrived at the cave. 
I wound up in my room writing. Bruce read book one of the trilogies. Luke went elsewhere.  I went outside and saw Luke go behind a tree. It stopped raining. I could feel being watched.  I was not feeling very well. I was feeling a little sick.  I wandered around outside and climbed a tree. I could see miles around. The valley is very beautiful. Cra'zy came and tree hopped to the tree I was in. he looked at me then signed that it was an honor to be watched by a Dragon Drum. I asked him how he knows I was being watched. He told me he eavesdropped on our meeting today. I asked him where he got the idea of Dragon Drums watching me. Cra'zy told me he saw a dragon approach me the other day and talked to me. Added it was a great honor to have a dragon talk to me, really weird. I saw Bruce come out of the cave. I climbed down from the tree and ran to Bruce. I gave him a kiss on the lips. Then we walked inside hand and hand. Inside I didn't do much but snoozed in the cafeteria. I put my journal away in my pocket. During my sleep I felt someone try to take my journal out of my pocket. I woke up and found the person was Kanica. I'm getting really annoyed at her. She's been nosy lately. I wonder why she wants to read my journal. She should read my trilogy or my book. Dinner was roasted bananas and apples. Christian called for a meeting.  The meeting was about being watched. Christian complained that he has no privacy to go whenever he's outside. I found out all of us were being watched. The Felidae called the watchers Dragon Drums. I hope the Dragon Drums give us privacy to go. I'm getting annoyed. I asked if we could build a toilet in the bathroom. Mark thought it was a great idea. Then we discussed the crystals. Christian suggested putting a blanket over them. The caves aren't warm but a little bit on the cold side. Maureen disagreed with him. After the meeting I went to take a shower. I made sure I didn't use the soap or the shampoo. I noticed its getting quite low. I think it’s weird. After the shower I went to my room.  I should be going to bed soon. I hope so. I wonder will we eat something besides fish, fruit and herbs. That'll be nice. Yeah. 

	From,
	Elizabeth


June 9, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 The crystals are very shiny. I can't sleep with them shining.  Bruce has the blanket over his head. Luke was trying to break the Crystals. He tried by kicking at it. I was getting annoyed that they're shiny. I ought to complain to Jo'ler. I think the Felidae are in bed. I think they love to sleep like lions.  Luke was not having much luck breaking the crystals. He has a cut on his arm from ramming into the crystal. It made the crystal shinier. I got up and walked outside. It was dark out just the stars. I walked outside barefoot. I could see Terra in the distance. How nice. I hope I'm not coming down with something. I left the tree and got the feeling watched feeling. I looked around I couldn't see any Felidae tree hoping. It was dark outside. I went back inside to my room. The crystals are still shiny. I don't think I can sleep with the shiny crystals.  The crystals stopped being shiny at dawn with Luke, neither Bruce nor I could sleep. We weren't the only ones. The others couldn't sleep either.  I dragged myself out of bed. We had a meeting about the shiny crystals. I didn't feel like eating fish so I had an apple. Luke suggested in finding a hammer and knocking the crystals off. Christian told us he was too tired to walk to the shuttle Excelsior. Jo'ler came by and we told him about the shiny crystals keeping us awake. Jo'ler thinks it’s the Dragon Drums' way of telling us when we should sleep and be awake. I'm annoyed. 
I told Jo'ler "Whose idea was to have us sleep during the day?" 
Jo'ler didn't know the answer. He simply shrugged. I fell asleep and passed out. I woke up to find my diary gone. I looked all over for it and found it with Kanica in her room. She wouldn't give it back. She put up a fight. Several pages got torn out. They were mostly blank pages. I gathered them up and put them in my diary. Ugh. I got my diary and checked it for damage. Kanica apologized. But I was too mad at her to forgive her. I'll forgive her someday.  I went to the cafeteria. I checked my diary. Kanica only read what I wrote one hundred years ago. I can't believe she would read my diary. What is wrong with Kanica? I think there is something wrong with Kanica. Humph.  I ate fish for lunch. I'm getting sick of eating fish. I told Christian I wanted a meeting after lunch. Christian assured me there would be a meeting. 
After lunch came the meeting. I told everybody about Kanica reading my diary. Mark was a little annoyed. He didn't believe me. Christian told us it didn't matter if Kanica read the diary as long none of us except me read it. During the meeting Mark and Kanica gave me glares. I ignored them. After the meeting I went outside. It was a nice warm sunny day.  Someone snuck up behind me and hit me on the head with something which made me dizzy. I turned in my wolf form just to see Kanica with a look of disgust on her face. Mark took my diary and Kanica hit me in the head again which I passed out.  I woke up in a spire bed tied up. I saw Kanica and Mark reading my diary. They appeared to be laughing and glaring at what I wrote. I hoped someone would come and get me. I have headache. I asked them why they wanted to read my diary. They wouldn't tell me but ignored my pleas. I feel violated. Next thing I knew the room's crystals became blinding bright. I felt myself released from the ropes. I felt my diary in my hand. I left the room and ran out of the spire. I can't believe none of the Felidaes saw Kanica hit me on the head.  I ran up to the cave. Everybody except Kanica and Mark were there in the cafeteria. They were looking worried. Bruce ran and kissed me on the lips. I told him what happened I also told them about my wolf form change too. It helped me save myself from those two. When I changed Kanica and Mark got scared and threw my diary at me and I grabbed it in my mouth and ran outside towards the cave. Heather examined my head. I have two bumps. She thinks I should stay up in case of a conclusion. I'm going to be bored. I told them I was disappointed that none of the Felidaes saw Kanica hit me. Jo'ler who was there signed that they take naps around that time. They also like to stay up late. Looks like I'll be staying up late too. I told them about Kanica and Mark reading my diary. Bruce was outraged. He wanted to go to the spire and punish them. Kanica and Mark came back. They played dumb when Luke questioned them about hitting me and reading my diary. Kanica accused me of making it all up. Heather pointed out the two bumps on my head. Kanica and Mark told us they saw me trip and fall and hurt my head. Heather had an "I don't believe you" look on her face. Christian changed the subject by asking them how the baby was. Kanica is a little bit big. She told us the baby was kicking now. She could feel it kicking her. How nice but cute. They went to their room. I glared at Kanica. She had laughter in her eyes. I'm getting a feeling that she's a perfectionist. I really hope not. I wonder why she knocked me out to read my journal. Because of my conclusion I'm in the medical cave on a bed. Bruce is next to me keeping me awake. He doesn't want me to sleep in case. I'm feeling tired. I hope I can stay up late without having to sleep. Bruce left when his father came. I think he went to go to sleep. Luke told me he and Bruce are taking shifts. I have a really bad headache. Heather gave me a barf pan. I threw up twice. I think it's weird. I'm glad there aren't any needles to stick my arm with except I felt a needle poke my arm and I’m having a hard time staying awake. I don't have much to add. Luke is asleep. I think I'll sleep now. I don't care if I die. I'm tired and I have a really bad headache. When I have a headache all I want to do is sleep. I find that sleeping helps me with headaches. Good night. 

	Yawn,
	Elizabeth


June 10, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 Heather woke me up. She sent Luke to bed. It was her turn to keep me awake. She had a hard time waking me up. I told her about Kanica hitting me on the head with a think tree branch. I even told her about them reading my diary. We discussed the contents in my diary. I told her I started writing in here since January sixth my birthday. I have been writing what happened to me. Heather told me she asked Kanica for information about my diary.  Kanica told her I was a perfectionist. Heather told me she didn’t believe Kanica and she stayed up until Maureen came limping by and told Heather to go to bed. I told Heather I didn't want Kanica or Mark to watch me. Maureen and I talked about planet Earth. The perfection religion became a law last year.  Thanks to technology Earth sent soldiers to kill off people not meeting the law. It sounds like world war two when all the Jews and people were killed for not being perfect. I really hope not. Edenia is a beautiful place to stay except I think it could use more technology.  Maureen fell asleep. Heather waked her up. Heather slept for two hours. Maureen left. I forgot to tell her I know a Maureen from college. Heather and I talked about Kanica. Heather thinks Kanica is a spy sent from the perfectionists. I wonder why she was a spy when she doesn't meet the height requirements. Heather told me that Kanica has been acting like a perfectionist. While she was talking I noticed someone hiding behind the curtain. I interrupted Heather and pointed out the figure behind the curtain. I talked loudly telling Heather about my diary and why I write in it. Heather zipped the curtain and we saw Jo'ler. He apologized for eavesdropping. He explained he heard Kanica and Mark talking about hitting someone with a tree branch. Then he told us that years ago his people used to live on Terra. He added they think they built the spires and that Terra used to be warm like Edenia. When it got cold his people moved to Edenia. He didn't explain how they moved.  Told us how they moved was a mystery. Oh well. Jo'ler left us alone Heather wound up asleep. I'm writing in here. I should wake Heather up but she's only had two hours of sleep.  I feel fine. I still have that bad headache.  
Heather shook me awake. Jo'ler brought fruit for me to eat for breakfast. My head feels a little bit better. I can't wait to go back to sleep. I really do. The fruit was bananas and apples.  I'm getting sick of eating fruit. I'm dying for pizza and a cheeseburger. I also would like to have Freedom fries too. I still have the bad headache. I can't wait to go back to sleep. I'm still up in the cafeteria. Jo'ler examined me and found I was fine. Heather checked my eyes with medical equipment. She waved a stick like object in front of my eyes. A small computer board showed her computer versions of my eyes. Then she waved the stick around my head. I saw the board show a version of my skull. There were two bumps one on the back of my head and another one on the right side of my head. I felt I have a headache. Heather gave me some headache pills. The headache felt a little bit better. Heather declared me fit to leave the medical cave. I walked out and found Bruce in the cafeteria. He hugged me.  I saw Kanica and Mark. They had looks of disgust on their faces when they saw Bruce and me. I think Heather is right, their perfectionists. I have no idea why their perfectionists. I have a feeling they might steal the shuttle and fly it off Edenia. I don't know why.  After breakfast I went to bed and slept until noon with my diary in my pants. I had a weird dream. I dreamed Kanica and Mark got the shuttle to fly in the air and flew it off Edenia and the shuttle was destroyed as in blew up in a fireball.  I got up and saw Bruce. He looked angry. I asked him why he was angry. He told me Kanica and Mark disappeared. They took most of the food with them in a box. They didn't steal my backpack too. I'm glad about that. I ate the last of our apples. I went outside and I looked at the direction where the shuttle was and I looked in time to see the shuttle Excelsior in the air. The others came out when they hear the noise. I could feel the noise due to the vibrations. We watched in horror as the shuttle flew to Terra. It reached space. Then there was a ball of fire in the sky where the shuttle was.
 I spoke out loud "I think they destroyed the shuttle."
 Poor Kanica and Mark were including the baby. I feel sorry for them.  Christian called for a meeting. We went inside and discussed how to leave Edenia. Christian thinks we're stuck here for a long time. Jo'ler came by and mentioned that his people in the past found a way to get to Edenia without going in space. I think that is impossible. I asked Jo'ler how. He told me his people are trying to remember and they don't have any written records. I told him the spires have writing on it. He was excited about that. Christian suggested going to the spires and help the Felidae translate the writing. I volunteered to go. Heather put her foot down. She didn't want me to go because of my conclusion. She wanted me to go to sleep and gets some rest. Bruce volunteered to go. I kissed him on the lips. Then Christian and Bruce left. I went outside and watched them leave. I put my diary away and fell asleep. I woke up when I felt lips on mine. It was Bruce. I asked him about the writings. Bruce told me they weren't able to translate the writings. Jo'ler thinks the writings have clues to leaving Edenia. I really hope so. Heather insisted I go to bed and snooze. I'm feeling wound up. The crystals are glowing a bit. I have a headache. I slept until I got up and wandered into the cafeteria. I saw a lot of Felidae eating fish at the tables. They didn't pay attention to me. I wandered outside and found Bruce asleep leaning against a tree. I woke him up by kissing him on the lips. Then we chatted about the glowing crystals. I checked the Felidae's quarters and found the walls were crystal too. I guess the Felidae get the same problem as we do. Christian came out to tell us it was dinnertime. We went inside. I saw several Felidae using brooms to sweep the dirt floor. A hoodlum came up and told us that the shuttle Excelsior was gone.  I told him about Kanica and Mark flying the shuttle and it was destroyed. Then the hoodlum sank in the earth. Bruce was still reading book one in the trilogy. He reads slowly. I timed him by a page and found it takes him five minutes to finish a page. It takes me shorter than that. The crystals are shining a little bright. I'm getting annoyed. Luke is on his bed trying to sleep. The crystals are shining brightly. I'm getting annoyed. It looks like we'll be sleeping during the day. I have no idea why. The crystals dimmed a bit. They brightened when Luke tried to sleep. He stormed out of the room. I wrote in here. I think the Dragon Drums are trying to tell us something.
 I yelled out loud " Why are you keeping us awake?!" 
Then I felt sleepy and I snoozed. I dreamed of a hoodlum who showed me a creature that was had bones on the outside of the body. It had a horse like head with veins popping also on its body. The hoodlum explained they were called Banshees. They are day creatures. They have noticed us and were coming over to do some harm to us. I asked the hoodlum why. The hoodlum told me the Banshees were the ones that attacked the crew of the shuttle that were here before on Edenia. I’m surprised. I can't believe it. I woke up from my dream and went to find Christian. I found Christian and told him I wanted a meeting right away. Christian got everybody into the cafeteria. I told them my dream. Jo'ler came with Cra'zy. He confirmed my dream and told us that there's a race called Banshee here on Edenia. He added that the Banshees were attacking the crew in retaliation for killing one of their people. They might not be friendly to us. 
Tolland spoke "Looks like we'll be night people from now on." 
Terin told him "We'll have to make bonfires to see in the dark."  
Annia added about building fireplaces. She doesn't talk much so does Jordan. They are the silent types. It’s been awhile since they talked. Annia clutched her ear. I asked her what was wrong. She explained she's been feeling pains in her ear. Heather who was listening heard her. Heather immediately took Annia to the medical cave.

	Yours, 
	Elizabeth


June 11, 2101 
Dear Anne

 I tried to sleep but the crystals kept me awake. I wandered outside. I watched the stars come out. It was nice. I could see Terra in the distance. Several Felidae set up a bonfire for it was a cold night. I sat as close to the bonfire as close as I could. Bruce came out with a blanket. We sat together staring at the stars. I saw the sun rise. Cra'zy came on fours and told us to get inside and go to bed. Bruce and I walked inside and kissed each other on the lips. Then we went to our beds.  I don't feel too tired. The crystals are shining. I can't wait for it to stop shining. I'm dying to sleep. Yawn.  Luke woke me up. I felt tired.  I went to the cave entrance and could see it was still daylight outside. I wandered to the cafeteria. We had a meeting. We discussed getting more food. We're out of apples. I ate some breakfast, which was bananas. We sat at the table with Felidae eating food. It was interested in seeing Felidae eat. They eat with their hands. They're also quite messy. Food such as bananas and fish gets on their clothing and on their fur. I noticed that they don't wash themselves. I noticed that a Felidae would eat the food off another Felidae. Ew gross.  I went outside with Bruce and we watched the sun set. It was beautiful. The Felidae built a bonfire last night. It was nice of them. Then I sat down in front of the tree. Bruce sat next to me carrying a torch. He set it down on the dirt ground in front of us. I pulled out my diary and wrote an entry. I feel fine. I can't wait to get some apples. Christian came to tell us he was going to get apples and asked us to come along. Bruce and I got my backpack and followed Christian down the mountain. Cra'zy and Geo'ler followed us.  We packed two boxes full of apples and filled my back pack full of apples. The walk back was okay. I tripped over something. Christian shined his torch at the thing. It was a Banshee asleep. Cra'zy told us to leave it alone. We went back to the cave. Heather met us. She looked angry. She asked us if we have seen Julia and Jordan. Heather added she discovered them gone awhile ago. Christian told Bruce and me to go back inside the cave and wait for him. He and Heather went in the direction where I’m pretty sure is where Julia and Jordan went.

Yours,
Elizabeth
 

June 12, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 	Christian and Heather came with Julia and Jordan. Both Julia and Jordan looked tired and a little smug. I wonder why. Christian wasn't happy at all. I asked Heather what happened. She told me she'll tell me in a meeting. We gathered in the cafeteria. Heather told us her and Christian found Julia and Jordan having sex on the ground. They were a few feet from a sleeping Banshee. Julia could be pregnant. Maureen mentioned she wanted to wait until she was on Terra before having kids. Christian didn't look very happy about that. Bruce told me he wanted to wait for awhile before having kids. I agreed with him. I wonder what time does the crystal spires stop being shiny. Well I hope around dawn. Sigh. I think we're going to be like vampires. No more seeing the sun anymore. I'm very sad about that. Annia didn't look happy either.  I don't have much to add. The crystal spires are still shiny. I hope I'll be fine sleeping tonight err I mean morning. I went to sleep when the crystals stopped being shiny. I dreamed of a hoodlum that told me to go to the passage immediately. Cra'zy woke me up. He woke up Luke and Bruce. He was signing frantically. Said the Banshees are trying to come in the cave. They went to sleep when the sun went down because their sun creatures. Cra'zy helped us pack our stuff in boxes and backpacks. He surprised us with a box full of fruit. We left the cave and walked to the spires. I could see Banshees dotted the ground near the cave. They were hunched on their knees closed together in a ball. We walked to the spires. Christian led the way to the passage. The passage was narrow and taller than I was. The hoodlums came up from the ground. They told us they'd seal the passage after we go in. I bid Cra'zy bye and went in. I turned around to see the hoodlums seal the passage. They brought down rocks covering it.  The passage was dark and gloomy. It was long. We walked for two hours and stopped at a cave. 
I'm eating an apple and I'm feeling a little phobia with Bruce holding a torch. Christian told us to stay next to the wall. There was a pit that seemed quite deep. I think the passage is like a book I read. I hope we reach the other side. I checked the passage in front of us. It seems to slope downward. I dropped my pen on the ground. It rolled down the passage. I told Christian that. He added we'll get the pen when we get there. It was Annia who found my pen. She gave it to me. I put it in my pant pocket with my diary. We walked for two hours and reached the end of the passage. I could see it was nighttime. Christian told us to wait for him. He went out of the cave.   Christian told us it was safe for us to come out of the cave. He added it'd be daylight at dawn. I can't wait to see the forest. I miss Cra'zy. I found a patch of leaves and I think I'll go to sleep. Good night.

	Yours,
	Elizabeth

June 13, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 I woke up feeling very itchy. Christian woke me up at 6am when the sun was rising. He told me the bush I'm next to is poison ivy. No wonder I'm itchy. I scratched my arms. Heather had some creams for the itches. I felt like I needed a bath. The forest is a lot like the forest we left it, tall thick trees. I’m feeling very hot. It is hot here. I rolled my sleeves. I'm sweating. Heather felt my forehead. She told me to lie down.

	Yours,
	Elizabeth

 
June 15, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 	I woke up when I felt someone like Bruce kissing me on the lips. It was Bruce. He had a worried expression on his face. I asked him what happened. He told me today is June 15. I was in a coma. I can't believe it. Not again. I asked Bruce where we were. Bruce explained we're on a beach next to the water. The water is an ocean because of the salty taste. I hope we're not on an island. Christian came by and assured us that. He walked as far as he could. I got up and walked around. I felt dizzy so I lay down on the beach. Bruce told me to get up. He brought me to a lean in. There were air mattresses and blankets. It was hot out. I lied on the bed and snoozed. I woke up. I feel much better. I felt like exploring the area despite feeling dizzy but I feel I want to throw up. I hope I'm okay. Julia and Jordan are making out next to me. I think I'll move to another spot. I hate it when people get lovey-dovey in front of me. Ugh. I moved to sit in a tree shade. I don't feel dizzy. I feel fine. I also feel hungry. I hope there's food to eat. I think I'll get up and explore the area.  I explored the beach. It was warm out. The beach was like the beaches on earth. The ocean was green color. It is very weird.  I wandered around in the forest. I felt like being watched. I felt drumming vibrations. I saw Christian. He wasn't happy to see me up and exploring the forest. He told me to go back to bed and rest. I walked back to the beach. I could see in the distance a giant statue of a bird.  The bird looks like an eagle. I asked Christian where the chasm was. He pointed in one direction and told me it was in that direction. Oh. I’m a little confused on how I got here and asked Christian. He told me that I used my wolf form, which made it easier to carry me. I went back to the lean to. I ate an apple. I feel a little tired. I think I'll sleep now. 
	
Haha,
	Elizabeth


June 16, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 	I must have been really tired. Luke woke me up by shaking my hand. It was 6am. The sunrise is beautiful. I like it. Christian wanted to look for more apple trees. I insisted that someone go with him so Jordan volunteered. They left in one direction. I hope they'll be fine.  I walked down the beach to the tall bird statue. I tried to climb the statue that was next to a cliff wall. I think it’s the chasm up there. I don't know. Christian and Jordan came back with a box full of apples. Christian and Jordan found them up a hill. It was good to eat some apples. I was hungry. I wonder what we are going to do now. I hope we can find a home to stay in. Maybe we could build a home. Well I'm feeling a little under the weather. I think I'll go to sleep. I sat on my bed. I moved it away from Julia's bed. I don't want to see them having sex again. Bruce woke me up to tell me it was lunchtime. I ate apples and fish for lunch. Christian and Jordan caught the fish. They made spears and caught the fish. Heather examined me. I seem to be fine. I asked Christian when we move out. 
He told me "We're going to vote about that in a few minutes." 
We voted unanimously to move out. We packed our stuff and put them in boxes and backpacks. Then we walked up a hill. At the top I could see for miles around. We seem to be on a peninsula. I saw the chasm in our way. We'll have to swim in the ocean to get pass the chasm. Christian told us to make rafts. Lucky we had ropes with us. The rafts were crude looking but they floated me and the others pass the chasm. There were small islands that were part of the chasm. At the beach Christian told us to take a rest.  It took us four hours to make the rafts and float them pass the chasm. Wow! I ate an apple. I was hungry. The others ate too.  Our meeting was about going or staying. We voted to go. Christian led the way pass the beach to the forest beyond. There was a mountain in the way. Halfway there Christian told us to stop and take a break. It's going to be nighttime soon. I'm hope I'll be fine sleeping. Bruce is next to me watching me write. Christian and Maureen are together in a hug. I guess we're grateful to be alive. Yeah. 

	Grateful,
	Elizabeth


June 17, 2101
Dear Anne,

 I slept fine. Bruce woke me up at dawn by kissing me on the lips. We went up the top of the mountain. I could see for miles and miles. There was a mountain chain surrounding a valley. I looked down below and I could see a waterfall leading to a pool and another waterfall leading to a pool. How pretty.  I saw spires in the distance. I think they might be a place where we could call home. We took a break to rest. The air is quite fresh up here. It is very nice. I looked behind us and I could see the great chasm. It was interesting. I think the chasm is bottomless. We got halfway down the mountain. I feel like going for a swim in the pool. I haven't seen any Felidae or hoodlums. I wonder why we haven't seen any. I hope the valley is okay.  The spires in the distance are on the other side of the valley. We'll have to cross the valley to reach the spires. Bruce and I talked about the valley and the spires. We chatted about not seeing the Banshees. It was good not seeing them and took the group awhile to reach the spires. They're next to the mountain wall. There are three in number. One tall one, a middle sized one and a small one. Christian went in Taller and came out and told us there were just three rooms. The middle-sized spire had bunk beds. We dumped our stuff in the spire. I noticed Julia and Jordan disappear in a room closing the door behind them. Heather humph when she saw them go in a room. The smaller one has only one room with a giant door in the middle of the room. The door has writing on it that is similar to the writing on the spires. Christian called for a meeting, which was about the spires. He added the spires were similar to the spires back near Felidae land. Then after the meeting I wandered around the valley. I kept the spires in sight. There were apple trees and banana trees. I found chocolate trees and dates too. I was very happy. I walked back to camp and told them about finding chocolate and date trees. Christian thanked me. It was getting a little dark so I went to my room. I'm sharing it with Bruce. Bruce and I are in love with each other. I might have to tell him about not having a period. I finally told Heather in private about not having a period. She was supported. She told me it'd be God's gift if for me to conceive a baby. I really do hope so. I'm sad we had to leave George and Andy's graves behind. I won't see them again. I'm also feeling a little sad. The room I'm in is similar to the room I stayed in the spires. There are three beds. There is one floor with windows in each six rooms. Bruce and I are sharing a room. We're all sharing rooms. Heather is bunked with Annia. Terin and Tolland are sharing a room. Julia with Jordan and we have an extra room for our stuff such as food.  Luke gets a room for himself. I'm glad. I hope we'll be fine.  There is also a poolroom with a miniature waterfall.  I think the room was used for baths and showers.

	From,
	Elizabeth


June 18, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 	Luke woke me up at 6am. Breakfast was dates and fruit. Heather wouldn’t let me eat chocolate. Told me it was because of my sickness.  I wandered around the valley. It was full of trees and bushes. There’s a pool with a waterfall. It is very peaceful. I like it here. It is very nice. I hope the Banshees won’t hurt us. I really do. I wound up sitting on a small mound of dirt. I think it might be an ant hole. I got up and brushed myself. I felt hungry so I went the date tree. I ate some and when no one was looking I ate some chocolate. Yum. I made sure to wipe my mouth with a leaf. I’m feeling itchy. Must be the mound of dirt I sat down on. I really hope not. I took an early shower. I was feeling itchy. Heather saw me and told me to take a shower. I looked a little red from the itches. I took a shower and washed my coverall. I made sure my diary wasn’t in my coverall. There’s a dryer in the wall that will dry the clothes. It blows warm air. I have no idea why it’s there. I used it to dry my coverall. Then Heather examined me. We did it in my room.  She told me I was fine. I only got a rash from itching I showed her the mound where I sat down on. She confirmed it was just dirt. She inspected it. After that she told me to go to bed early. I’m in my room I share with Bruce. I’m in bed. I hope to sleep well. I don’t feel good. I feel sick like I want to throw up. I think I’ll go outside and see about throwing up. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth

June 19, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 Yesterday I went outside and I threw up twice on the ground.  Heather came running over. She saw I ate chocolate because of what I threw up. She scolded me and told me to go back to bed. I went to bed. I got up and threw up in the hallway. Heather came out of her room to see me throw up in the hallway. What a mess. I’m embarrassed. Heather told me to go back to bed. I woke up again and went outside. I had a feeling of being watched.  I came out and went back to my room. I feel a little bit better. I noticed the mess I made on the floor that was a rug was cleaned up. I don’t feel hungry. I have a stomachache and a headache. It was pretty bad. I’m not feeling refreshed. I’m feeling tired. I went to sleep. Bruce woke me up and he asked me if I was all right. I felt a little bit better. I had dates and fruit. I hope there are fish in the pond. Bruce told me to come with him. I followed him to the pond. He showed me a fishing pole with a worm on it. Disgusting. He caught several fishes with the pole. It was disgusting. I’m disgusted. I also threw up again. I feel awful. A hoodlum came up from the Earth. He told me Cra’zy is doing fine in sign language. We had a nice conversation. We talked about the valley and the spires. I asked the hoodlum why there was no Felidae living in the valley.  Then the hoodlum sank in the earth, how rude didn’t answer my question. Hmph.  I ate some fish. I even threw up again. I feel awful. I hope it’s not the sickness I have. Heather told me she’d hunt for herbs to help me. I like living in the valley. It is nice here. I hope the Banshees won’t try to attack us. I can’t help being worried about the Banshees. I wonder why the Felidae aren’t in the valley. I wonder why. It is weird. Heather told me to go back to bed. I’m feeling a little awful. I hope I won’t fall in a coma again. I’m feeling a little tired. Oh I forgot to mention that we took the rafts to around the chasm to a valley next to the chasm and found some spires. Yawn. Good night. 

	Yawn,
	Lizzie


June 20, 2101
Dear Anne,

 I woke up feeling sick. I walked outside and threw up in the bushes. I saw Banshees littering the ground all curled up in balls. I woke everybody up telling them about the Banshees. We gathered in a room and decided to move out. It took us an hour to move out of the valley. I don’t know what’s past the valley. Christian led the way pass the mountain chain. Halfway down the mountain we took a break. Bruce is holding a torch in his hand.  Bruce motioned that he wanted to talk to me. Our talk was about me being sick. The sunrise was beautiful. We walked down the mountain to another valley. Halfway we took a break. Christian told us he heard screeching noises. I think it’s the Banshees. Maureen agreed with me. I looked to see hoodlums come up from the ground. They told us the valley we were previously in was forbidden for Banshees to enter. The hoodlums think the shuttle crew did something really bad to make the Banshees enter the valley. The hoodlums stood around us watching us eat snacks.  I had an apple. I hope we’ll be fine. Christian led us pass the valley to the mountain. I turned around and looked back. I could see the mountain behind us. Bruce pushed me gently to move. After the mountain there was a cave which Christian and Jordan went inside to check it out. They came back and told us the cave was safe for us. We went inside. It was a huge cavern that was a little bit high overhead. I could see the room was made out of Crystals. Christian told us to rest because we’re moving at nighttime. I was so tired.  Bruce was lying next to me asleep. Julia and Jordan are in one corner. The others are in another corner gathered around Bruce and me. I should be asleep. I had a dream again. I was lying in a white room in a wolf form and was in the same position as before. It was strange but Christian woke us up. We ran out of the cave with our stuff. The sun was setting. I saw Banshees running up the mountain. They were firing lightening bolts from their hands at us. We ran up the mountain and reached the top. The Sun disappeared down the horizon. The Banshees stopped firing their lightning bolts and crouched down. We lit torches. Christian led us down the mountain to another valley. There were spires in the distance. Christian told us to avoid them. He led us to the ocean. A hoodlum came up from the ground and told us there is a big island with no Banshees on it. Added that there were people like us living there. Then the hoodlum went down the earth. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth

June 21, 2101
Dear Anne, 

We went on rafts on the way to the big island.  On the way I hoped the people living on it are nice too. It took us awhile to build the rafts. Christian chopped down trees and Jordan fastened the rope on the trees. The rafts are floating that their okay. We reached the island safely in the morning as the sun was rising. The island looked quite big. There were two islands next to the big island. The islands seem to form a triangle. On the big island we went on the beach and ran into trouble. Humanoids that looked human with pointy ears and all white eyes came attacking us. They were like Native Americans. They had white cloth covering their private parts.  I put up a fight by changing myself into a wolf and was knocked out. A male native with his stick knocked me on the head.  I came to find myself in a cage with Bruce looking worriedly holding my hand. I asked him what happened. We were all in the same cage. The cage was made out of wood. I wonder why the natives attacked us.  A native stared at me. He watched me write in my journal. The sun is setting down the horizon. I wonder why we’re in the cage. I looked around and saw that Christian was missing. 
I asked Bruce “Where is Christian?”
 He pointed. I looked where he pointed and saw Christian kneeling on the ground in front of the cage. His hands were tied behind him. I could see a native hit him with a stick like object. I asked Maureen to interpret what the native was saying. 
She told Bruce and me “Where is she? What have you done with her?” 
Christian kept saying “I don’t know.” 
The native hauled Christian to the cage and threw him in the cage. The native must be pretty strong. Maureen and Heather attended to his wounds. I untied him the ropes around his wrists.  Christian had bruises on his face. He seemed to have a cracked rib. I saw the native hit him in the chest. Poor Christian. 

	Worried,
	Elizabeth


June 22, 2101
Dear Anne,

  After the native was finished with Christian he pulled my arm and I dropped my journal on the dirt ground along with the pen. The native pulled me out of the cage like I was a sack of potatoes. Then the native asked me the same questions he asked Christian. I had to lip read him talking to me. 
I asked him “Where did you last see her?” 
He backed away from me with his eyes wide. I stared at him. He seems to be looking behind me. I turned around and saw a hoodlum behind me. The hoodlum and the native had a conversation. I didn’t understand a word. The hoodlum sank in the earth. The native told me his name was Ord. Then he released the others from the cage. We went to the beach and gathered our stuff. Ord brought us to a large hut. It was made out of bark.  The floor was covered with a fur rug. I have no idea what. The hut was big enough for us to lie down on it. We put our stuff down and showed the natives our food. They acted like they never seen apples before. Ord told Maureen interpreting for Bruce and me that they have banana, dates, oranges and chocolate trees but no apples.  I’m glad for something else. Heather came by and forbidden to me to eat chocolate. I ate an orange then I explored the island with Bruce. The island is like Hawaii. It is big. There are mountains on it. I like it. It’s so beautiful. I feel we’re in paradise. Wow. Bruce and I kissed each other then acted silly. Heather came by and told us to grow up. Bruce and I climbed a hill and looked out of the view. The view was nice. I could see mountains surrounding a valley. The island is very big. It might be a continent.  I sat down on the ground with Bruce. He sat next to me. It was very warm out here. The air was fresh. A hoodlum came up from the earth and stood behind us watching us sitting staring at the view. I could see a giant stone Eagle on the beach down below. The area is beautiful. I feel fine. I’m happy mood. Jordan came by and told us that we were having a meeting in a few minutes. He fingered spelled that fact. We followed Jordan down the mountain to the hut. Christian and the others were there. For dinner was fish. The natives were very nice sharing their fish. After dinner was a meeting. The meeting was about living on the island with the natives. We decided to be generous and share our stuff. The natives were very nice. I should be going to bed. I have to get up at dawn. I’m a little tired. The native women taught me how to make a rug out of plants together. I worked on it pass sundown. I’m a little tired.  The women are still working on their rugs. They explained they don’t go to bed until they finish the rug period. I’m halfway through it. I got too tired to finish it. I think I’ll finish it tomorrow. Oh I forgot it is already tomorrow. Sheesh.  

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


June 23, 2101 
Dear Anne,

Luke let me sleep late. I woke up an hour ago and had breakfast. I must be really tired. I went to work on my rug and found it all finished. I wonder who did it. Hmm.  I was in the hut. I left the hut and went to a tree and sat down next to it. There was a hole next to the first tree I went to the hole was the size of my hand. I didn’t sit down but went to another tree. I wonder when Bruce and I will have sex. I don’t know if I can conceive or not. I don’t know. I hope we’ll be fine here on the island. I hope the Banshees won’t bother us. The natives have huts made out of bones and bark. I see Bruce and Maureen teaching Ord sign language. I think I could go over and help them. I don’t have much to do. I’m a little bit under the weather. I hope I’m fine. 
Later I threw up in front of them. Heather explained to Ord that I have a sickness hitting me. Ord seemed to understand that. He gestured for us to follow him. We went to a hut and Ord introduced us to his wife Yina and his twelve-year-old son Co’dan. He explained with Maureen interpreting that Co’dan has a sickness too. He can’t eat chocolate at all. It’s nice to have someone suffering along me. I can’t believe I wrote that. Yina seems to be young about twenty-five years old. Ord looks thirty years old. Yina showed us her two-year-old daughter Orina who was so cute. After that I wandered to the beach and went to the stone eagle. It was taller than me. I have no idea why its there. A native male came by and told me his name was Ler’co. I asked him about the stone eagle. I had to lip read Ler’co. He doesn’t know why the eagle is there. He explained that there are birds like the stone statue around the island. How nice. I would love to see the eagles. I hope the eagle is okay here. I noticed that there were feather designs on the huts. I asked Ler’co about the feathers. He explained the feathers come from the eagles that are found on the ground or from dead eagles. Ew gross. Then he went to a hut. I sat down on the ground and pulled out my diary. I decided to write. I think I might be halfway through the diary. I’m writing entries on one page a day. I want to. Bruce came by and sat next to me as I wrote. He brought me an apple. I told Bruce about planting the apple seeds in the ground. He thought it was a great idea. I ate the apple then buried it in the ground. I made sure it was buried deeply. Bruce lay down with his head in my lap. I put my diary on his forehead and wrote an entry in it.  Heather came by and told us to go to the hut for dinner. Dinner was fish and oranges. It’s a welcome change to eat oranges. Christian asked us for a meeting. The sun is disappearing down the horizon. I am sitting next to the campfire. I hope I’ll be fine. There is enough light from the campfire for me to write in here. The meeting was about planting the apples in the ground and letting them grow. I suggest we tell the natives about the planting the apples in case they dig it up by accident and eat it. After the meeting I went to my bed to write in here. Someone left me a flashlight. I’m using it to write in here. Bruce is sprawled on his bed next to mine staring at the ceiling. There’s a hole in the roof over the fire. Christian and Maureen left to tell the natives about us planting the apples. The meeting lasted until now. I hope I’ll be fine tomorrow. I have been feeling sick all day. I didn’t write that because I didn’t want to. I wanted to wait until I felt better to write about it.  I don’t know what I’ll do tomorrow. I think I’ll explore the island with Bruce. Maybe I could make something from the plants. The rug that I halfway made is hanging on the doorway. It’s a door way cover. Jordan and Julia are having sex again?! What’s wrong with them? I thought Julia was pregnant but she doesn’t look like it. They must be desperate for a baby. Bruce stopped staring at the ceiling and is watching them.  I saw Jordan pull the blanket overhead. I think I’ll go out and get some fresh air.

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


June 24, 2101
Dear Anne,

  I went outside with Bruce. We sat down in wolf forms next to a tree and leaned against it. I fell asleep leaning against Bruce’s chest. His chest isn’t hairy it’s muscular. I think I’ve got muscles. Luke woke us up at 6am. I think I passed out sleeping on Bruce. Breakfast was orange juice and bananas. It’s been awhile since I had orange juice.  Luke showed the natives how to make orange juice. It was a treat. I wonder why we have to have meetings. I think there a good idea.  I wandered around the island sniffing in my wolf form. The smell of water made me look for a pond. I found a pond with a waterfall that was huge. I saw several of the natives washing themselves with leaves. They were nude. They didn’t mind being nude or seeing me watching them. . I saw several males dive from a rock in the middle of the waterfall into the pond down below. The pond goes down the mountain to the ocean.  I changed my form to Human and sat down on a rock next to the waterfall and pulled out my diary. I plan to take a bath later on. I don’t want to shower nude. No thanks. My underwear isn’t waterproof.  A male native walked towards me is nude. I’m trying not to gawk at his private part like Human males.  He sat next to me and watched me write. I saw Bruce at the top of the mountain.  Bruce jumped into the pond. I can’t believe he did that in his clothes.  I hope he’s not interested in me. Bruce came walking out of the water completely wet. I can’t believe he jumped.  Bruce looked a little annoyed toward the nude male. The male got up and dived into the water. Bruce took off his wet coverall showing his underwear was a black short with a black tank top. He wriggled out the water out of his coverall then he put it on and sat next to me. I saw the nude male on the other side of the pond. Bruce kissed me on the cheek. I wonder why. I hope there aren’t any problems.  I hate to be the source of two males fighting over me. I really hope not. I took a nap with my head on Bruce’s lap. He stroked my hair. He woke me up to tell me it was lunchtime. The naked natives were gone from the pond. Lunch was fish and oranges. I got to get used to this.  I wandered around the island. I explored most of it. There were parts the hoodlums wouldn’t let me walk on. They came up from the earth and told me in sign language that the area was forbidden. It was their area so they don’t want anyone walking on it. I noticed burial mounds. I think it was a graveyard.  I wandered up the hill and sat down on top. I hope I’ll be fine. I noticed the nude male I saw this morning covered up. I hope he won’t make a play for me. I really do. I already found someone. The male stood watching me. He stood like a statue as I went down the mountain and see if camp needs some help with something. I wanted to jump down the waterfall but the male got in my way and shook his finger. I went down by climbing down the mountain. I reached the bottom to see Christian and Maureen went in the bushes.  I wandered around camp and helped make baskets from branches. It was good to be busy. My hands got sore from making baskets. I even helped make rugs and huts. The hut we’re staying in is quite small. I think making a new hut is a good idea for the others to have privacy that made several huts for each of us. I’m getting a little tired of watching people have sex.  Maybe it’s a good idea to see what sex might be like. I don’t know. Christian and Maureen came back with smug looks on their faces. I think they’re going to have children.  Julia and Jordan gathered their things and moved into the new hut. The natives gave them a party celebration. Ler’co told me it was a marriage celebration.  I can’t wait to get married to Bruce. After that Julia and Jordan went inside the hut closing the rug behind them. I went into a hut with Bruce behind me. Ler’co came by and told us that it’s best to wait until after marriage to have sex. I lip read him saying that and interpreted this to Bruce and I had a talk and agreed with Ler’co. We got our things from the other hut and hauled them to the hut next to the tree. I went behind a tree. I had a feeling of being watched. As I was pulling my underwear a male native came out of the bushes. I turned around and put my coverall on. The native tried to kiss me on the cheek. Next thing I knew he was laying on the ground. Bruce was standing over him with looks of fury in his face. Ler’co came by and talked to the native and told us what he said to the male. He explained Bruce was protecting his wife. The native apologized then Ler’co helped him up and hauled him back to camp. Bruce glared at me. I sighed and zipped up my coverall. Then I went to eat dinner. Bruce followed me back to camp. I ate fish and oranges. I felt fine. It’s been awhile since I’ve seen Bruce angry. I guess he really loves me. There was a celebration. I met the chief for the first time. 
Maureen interpreted what he said. “Hello my name is An’co. I welcome you to the tribe and join them in marriage.” 
Bruce and I were married by a ceremony which was An’co waving a torch over us in four directions. Then he picked up dirt from the ground and threw it at us low in again four directions. He also did the same with a bowl of water.  Then the natives took us to a hut and left us inside. Bruce is feeling under the weather. I don’t blame him. He’s still angry at the native male. Bruce is nuzzling my throat. Now his kissing me and watching me write. I think its time for sex.   

	Ooh,
	Elizabeth

June 25, 2101
Dear Anne,

 I finally told Bruce about not having a period and a poor chance of conceiving. Bruce was supportive. He told me he had sex problems too. He added he had a poor chance of conceiving too. We had sex. I don’t want to write about it because I’m a little embarrassed. 
 We slept until noon. Bruce rolled off of me and got dressed. I watched him get dressed. He told me to get dressed. He watched me put on my clothes.  I came out and the natives cheered. I went to the pond and jumped in with my clothes on. Bruce followed me and jumped in the pond with his clothes on too. We kissed each other then came out of the pond shaking like a wolf.  Breakfast or lunch was fish and oranges. Bruce caught a fish in his pants. It was funny. Haha.  I laid down on a rock in the sun with Bruce next to me. We laid down snuggling. I snoozed for a bit. I could see the big pond from my perch on the rock. Oh by the way the pocket I kept the journal in is waterproof. I’m glad about that. I feel much dryer but a little hungry. Bruce and I walked back to camp hand and hand. I ate oranges for a snack. Dinner will come soon. I asked the natives their name for their race. I was told Humania. What an interesting name. Luke came by and congratulated us. He hopes to be a grandfather someday. I really hope so. I don’t know if I can conceive. It might be interesting. Dinner was more fish and dates to eat. Heather watched me like a hawk when I wandered near the chocolate trees. Yina who was nursing Orina watched her son. I’m surprised that Orina is being nursed. She looks two years old. I asked Yina how old was Orina. Yina told me she was three years old. I’m surprised that she’s nursing at three years old. The kid looks two years old. I asked her when she stopped nursing. Yina told me when she runs out of milk.  I wandered around camp. Bruce kept an eye on me. He was watching me from sitting in front of his hut. The male who tried to kiss me told me his name is Ug’co. He apologized for not knowing I was married.  I accepted his apology.  Then Ug’co left me alone. I wandered around camp. I watched the sun set. It was very beautiful. I liked the sunset. Bruce came up to me and stood next to me. We watched the sun go down the horizon. Then we went back to our hut. I went to write in here. Bruce is staring at the ceiling as I write. He’s thinking because of the look on his face. I’m writing. I think I’ll ask him what’s he’s thinking about. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


June 26, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 I asked Bruce what he was thinking about. He told me he was thinking about having kids. He wondered how many kids we could have.  I really hope we conceive.  We had sex again. Bruce nearly tore off our coveralls in his haste to mate with me in our Human forms. I can’t describe it because the sex felt too indescribable. I woke up when I felt light. I checked my watch it was 5am. I look up at the entranceway to see a hand waving. 
I spoke “Hello?” 
Anther hand came around the blanket and signed “Luke, when are you going to get up? We’re having a meeting in a few minutes.” 
I told him “Okay right now.” 
I woke up Bruce and told him about his father and the meeting. We both rushed through getting dressed. We both put on the wrong coverall. I put on Bruce’s coverall by mistake. No wonder it was long. We exchanged coveralls and put them on.  Then we came out of the hut. Luke looked a little worried. I asked him why he was looking worried. He told me that there was a hurricane coming. I looked over to the ocean and I could see dark clouds.  The clouds looked black. They didn’t look very good. I don’t know. I hope our huts are good enough to wind stand the hurricane if not its going to be very bad. I asked Luke what we were going to do. He explained we were going to move to the Humania’s hurricane camp that is behind the mountains in the valley below.  Oh. I helped the others take stuff out of the huts. Then we loaded it up on blanket wrapped between two branches. The walk up the mountain was tiring. I felt tired even in a wolf form. I even felt awful. I threw up a few times on the trail up the mountain. We took a break at the top. I could see the island for miles around. There was a huge valley with trees in it. Mountains surrounded the valley.  Bruce sat next to me nuzzling my neck. 
My parents got married a month after dating each other. Then two months later mom and dad conceived me. I threw up a few times on the trail down the mountain. I think I might be pregnant. I read a lady loss her sense of smell for a while. I hope I haven’t lost my sense of smell.  Bruce gave me a flower and I tried to smell it and couldn’t. I didn’t tell Bruce. I only told Heather when I saw her. She thinks it could be pregnancy. I really hope so. It’ll be nice to conceive. I really do. The baby will be due in either three days or nine weeks. We went halfway down the mountain. Luke informed me that the hurricane is hitting the island right now. It explains why it's so windy. I hope we’ll be okay. I saw some horses. It’ll be nice to ride them. I mentioned about riding them to Ord. He told me with Maureen interpreting that his people hunt them and use them for food.  They also used animals for food and used the fur as coats and other items. I asked Ord how he wound up on the island. 
He wouldn’t tell me, only said “I’ll tell you that someday.”  
Then we reached their camp. There are about twenty people in the island group besides our group. The camp had several huts. We had to share it because it was too late to make more. The storm was on top of us. I was in a hut with Bruce and Annia and Heather are holding each other. I hope they won’t cause a shock among the Humanias. The storm stopped around the time the sun set for the huts seem to be very strong. They didn’t get blown down. I fell asleep. Trees were up rooted. Bruce woke me up by kissing me on the lips. I went outside and I could see it was calm the sun was shining. Then it got windy. I looked at the sun and saw it was moving back and forth. I saw Ord and told him it was the eye of the storm. Ord told us to go back to the huts and stay there. The wind picked up and the eye moved bringing powerful winds.  It’s too windy outside. The storm came by. I was glad.  Ooh. I’m not feeling well. I think it might be something. I hope my sickness won’t interfere with the baby. I saw several trees uprooted. It took a while to clean the mess. The mess was chopping down the uprooted trees and making more huts. Heather insisted I stay in the hut and rest. I took a nap. I woke up to find someone left a fire going in the hut.  It is dark outside. I don’t know where Bruce is. I think I’ll go outside and take a walk.

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


June 27, 2101
Dear Anne,
 
Yesterday I went outside and walked around the camp in the dark. I saw Bruce. We walked hand and hand and watched Terra in the sky. It was a beautiful night. There were stars.  I tried to see Earth. But I couldn’t tell where the Earth was.  Then we went to the hut and had sex again. This morning it was Heather who woke us up.  She woke us up. She went in the hut and woke me up. Good thing Bruce was covered. She wanted to examine us. She examined us by waving a stick over each one of us. After the examination we got dressed in private then went outside.  It was a beautiful day outside. The sun was shining. There were several trees uprooted. It also felt like a warm day. I saw Ord and the others cleaning up branches scattered around camp. They even built new huts. The huts were round and made out of bark. I noticed several animals around camp. They were horses and some animals I didn’t recognize.  I saw several males hunt them with sticks. We had meat for breakfast. Heather told me to go back to bed and lie down. I wanted to walk around. She told me to stay in bed for a while. She wanted me to rest from being sick.  I took a nap. I was tired. I went outside to only go the bathroom and throw up.  I had a feeling of being watched. I looked around and I could feel drumming vibrations. I think it’s the dragon drums. I don’t know.  Lunch was meat from horses and oranges. We buried several apples. I saw Maureen throw up. Heather examined her. I told Heather about seeing them in the bushes having sex. Heather thinks it’s a baby on the way. She confirmed that Maureen is a few months expecting. I didn’t throw up today. Bruce and I helped put away stuff. I watched as the women skinned the horses that were killed. They cooked the meat. I can’t believe they eat horses. They should be using them to ride.  Heather saw me and told me to go to bed. I don’t feel tired. She told me to rest because of the baby.  I feel fine. I only came out to go or throw up. I feel okay. I wonder when Maureen will have the baby. I noticed that she looks pregnant. I don’t know when I’ll have the baby. I hope I’ll feel fine.  I lay in bed all afternoon staring at the wall of the hut. Bruce came in looking a little sweaty. He has been chopping trees because their building new huts.  Bruce left me alone to snooze. I got up and threw up outside. I saw Maureen come out of a hut and throw up. I asked her if she was pregnant which she confirmed.  So I was right.   I went back to the hut and lay on bed all day. I was bored. I even took a nap.  Bruce woke me up to tell me it was dinner time. Dinner was meat with apples and water to drink. I threw up after eating it. 

	Sick,
	Elizabeth


June 28, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 Yesterday Bruce came in the hut and we slept together. Nothing fancy we just cuddled each other with his hand on my belly. He got up at dawn. I could feel him get up. He kissed me on the cheek then got up. I woke up near noon and I feel okay. My chest feels tender. I hope it’s nothing. I also feel tired.  I got up and went to eat. I ate some apples and bananas. Heather saw me and told me to go back to bed. I’m not happy about that. I would rather hang out side instead of being in a hut lying all day. I’m also bored. I took a nap. I woke up.  I went outside and got a little lost due to nausea. I wandered back to the hut. I think I went to the wrong hut because I saw two people having sex in it. I went to a tree and sat down and snoozed for a bit. Bruce woke me up by kissing me on the lips. We went back to the hut. Bruce seemed to know where it is.  I ate an apple. It’s the last of our apples. I guess I’ll have to bury the seeds in the ground. Good thing there’s no lawnmowers. Bruce and I had meat for dinner then Bruce led me back to the hut. I lay down on the bed and wrote. My stomach feels tender. I’m think I might be expecting. I feel a little glorious.  I feel too wound up sleeping.  I wandered outside and watched the sun disappear down the horizon. I went to find Bruce. I found him teaching the others how to ride the horses. I didn’t know he was a horse rider. I told him that. He told me he was not a horse rider and he never ridden a horse before. Heather came by and told me to go back to bed. I asked her why I have to stay in bed. She explained it was to prevent a miscarriage.  Bruce walked me back to the hut. I sat next to the campfire in the hut. There’s a hole in the roof. It is a cool night. Bruce is asleep next to me.  I should be sleepy but I’m not. 

	Wound up,
	Elizabeth


 June 29, 2101
Dear Anne,

 Bruce woke me up. I wonder why. He carried me outside to eat. Breakfast was meat. Then there was a meeting. We talked about babies. I sat in Bruce’s lap. Maureen seemed more pregnant than me.  Bruce carried me back to the hut. I lay down on the bed. Bruce went out to do something. I wonder what. I’ll ask him later. I feel tired and a bit nausea. I took a nap and I felt much better. I’m also a bit thirsty. I went to find water. I saw Bruce cutting a tree. He took his coverall off at the waist. He has muscular arms. Whoo. Bruce carried me to a small pond. Told me it was for drinking water. I took a sip. It tasted okay. I drank my fill then Bruce carried me back to the hut. I went inside. I feel fine. My abdomen is still a little tender and so is my chest. I feel fine physically. Lunch was more horsemeat and oranges. I’m getting annoyed eating horse for dinner. We should be riding them. Hmph.  Bruce came by and told me there is going to be a meeting in a few minutes. I hope it’s something else besides babies. I’m a little bored. Yawn. I also feel tired too. The meeting was about Banshees. Several of the Humanias saw Banshees last night near camp. They killed the Banshees. We’re having Banshees for dinner.  Maureen changed the subject to babies. We discussed names for the babies. I wonder what name I will give my child.  Maureen and Christian had an argument about baby names. Luke stopped their argument. We had Banshee meat for dinner. It tastes like chicken. Cute. Well they used the bones to build more huts. The skin was used for clothes, pots and bags. I’m surprised that they eat Banshees.  After the meeting I went back to the hut. Bruce followed me and he snoozed next to me. I told Bruce that we could sit outside and watch the sun set. Bruce carried me outside. We watched the sun set down the horizon. I looked at the bushes and screamed. A Banshee came out as the sun settled. It crouched down on the ground. Several Humanias came by and drove sticks in the Banshee’s body. Heather checked the Banshee for life signs. There were none. Luke insisted in having a meeting. Heather went to get the gang. The meeting was about the Banshees. We decided to move to another island. First I asked Ord about the other islands. He told us they were very dangerous. On one island is a race he described that is like another version of the Banshees but their thicker skin and night colored skin with three horns on their heads. Ord told us their name was Banara. We asked him about the third island. Ord told us it was full of traps. Several of his people died from being caught in the traps. Then Luke told Ord about the forbidden valley and the Banshees. Ord told us about the door in one spire. He told us it was a doorway to somewhere. It explains how the Banshees got on the island. They never go in the water because it'll kill them. They must have gotten to the island by a doorway. I wondered out loud if it could lead to Terra. Terin reminded us about Earth’s law.  Jordan told us he hasn’t heard a thing about perfection on the radio. We decided to stay on the island for awhile. Then after the meeting Bruce carried me back to the hut. He seems to remember where the hut it. I forgot where it was. I keep forgetting. The huts are the same. I think Bruce wants to talk to me. I’ll stop writing and talk to Bruce.

Love, 
Elizabeth


June 29, 2101
Dear Anne,

Our conversation last night was about baby names. He wanted to name the baby if boy John and if girl Yelena. I wanted the name Sheridan. Because if was a good name. The name is a character from a soap opera. It is also a girl's name. It was thundering and lightening last night. I didn’t sleep very well. The lightening woke me up. I could feel drumming vibrations. I looked outside the hut and I could see bright shining lights from the mountain. It also rained. The rain poured out our fire. It made the ground a bit muddy. Bruce pulled me in his lap. We lay in spoon fashion for the rest of the night. The storm stopped. 
It’s a beautiful sunny day. The clouds are disappearing. I felt a little tired. Bruce was asleep.  Heather came and I woke Bruce up. She examined me by waving a metal stick over me. She had a strange expression on her face. I asked her but she found I was fine. Breakfast was Banshee meat and oranges to drink. I could get used to this. Bruce carried me around camp. I saw several Banshees lying on the ground appeared to be dead. Several Humanias were stripping the Banshee’s skin. It was disgusting. Bruce carried me to a pond with a waterfall. We stripped and took a bath then put our coveralls on. The water was cool. It was a cool day. Then Bruce carried me back to camp. I could feel we were being watched. I wonder who watched us strip. Humph.  There was a meeting. The meeting was about the Banshees. We decided to go back to the forbidden valley. Luke wanted to try the door. We thought it was a good idea. Ord came by and Heather told him the truth about a shuttle crew killing one of the Banshees and taking it back to study on Terra which is a new thing I didn't know before.  Ord wasn’t happy about that. He told us it explains why there were Banshees on the island. There are hardly any Banshees on the island here was a Banshee attack. 
Then suddenly there were lightening bolts from the bushes as several Banshees attacked us. Bruce and I defended the others in our wolf forms by biting the Banshees and knocking several Banshees on the ground with our bodies. The Humanias put up a fight and several Banshees retreated. Luke decided that it was time to go back to the beach camp. We packed up our stuff. Ord led the way with the other people among us. We went up the mountain. Bruce carried me up the mountain.  When we reached the beach camp it was in a mess. The huts were destroyed. There were several Banshees around destroying the huts. The Humanias killed the Banshees. Dinner was Banshee meat. The men helped the Humanias build new huts. Ord told us to travel on the water by sunset. Then we made rafts. Ord showed us how to make them. Around sunset we loaded up the rafts and pushed them in the ocean. I’m sitting on Bruce’s lap on the rafts. I’m feeling a little queasy. I feel I want to throw up. We should be reaching land soon. I wonder when? The sun is on the horizon. I can see land far ahead. There seems to be Banshees on the beach. I hope the sun sets by the time we reach the land. 

	Worried,
	Elizabeth
June 30, 2101


Dear Anne, 

 The sun disappeared down the horizon when we reached the beach. It took us awhile before we reached the forbidden valley. Luke told us to rest for a minute. I rested. It was good to sit down. Then we went to the spire with the door in it. The door was big with carved drawings on it. They didn't make sense. Ord taught Luke how to open the door. Luke pressed several of the drawings and they glowed. Then the door showed clouds in it.  Each of us walked through one at a time. Ord told us the door will close behind us. We entered a tunnel that was shiny crystal all over. The shiny crystal isn’t too bright to hurt our eyes. I’m feeling fine. I hope we reached Terra. I really do.  We reached the end of the tunnel. Luke went out and told us it was safe for us to go out. Bruce carried me out of the tunnel and we entered a doorway to a room. The room was huge and circular.  There was an entrance leading to outside. Luke went out the doorway and told us it was safe for us to come out. Outside we seemed to be in a compound that was fenced. There was an overgrown garden and apple trees. There were nine round buildings. I wondered where we are. A forest is surrounding the compound. Bruce carried me inside a round building. There was a hallway and rooms that had bunk beds. Bruce laid me on a bunk bed and we kissed. Luke came by and scolded us. He told us to put our stuff away first before any hanky panky.  Bruce left me on the bed. I lay down and could feel a book in the mattress. I got up and pulled the book out. I saw the book seemed to be made by hand. There were pictures drawn. The book was similar to a bible. The language was English language. The book talked about races being created on a planetary moon world named Edenia and later sent out to planetary worlds. I got up and walked out of the building. I found the others gathered in a circle in the middle of the building. I showed them the book I found. Luke thought it was great. I looked around and I could see that the fences around the building looked a little worn down. The grasses were high. I hope there’s a lawnmower. We decided to put our stuff in the room Bruce and I found. Lunch was lettuce and bananas. There are different fruits in the garden. I went to sleep. Bruce woke me up by kissing me. He carried me outside. Outside was a beautiful day. It was sunny out. He put me down in front of a tree. I went to sleep. I feel fine. I can't believe that it's been a few months on Terra and a few weeks on Edenia.  I wonder what planet are we on? Also who wrote that English language book? Someone with very good handwriting wrote the book. It was like a sacred book by the looks of it. The book wasn't finished. Terin and Tolland are busy pulling weeds from the garden.  Christian is talking to Annia and Heather. They're talking about exploring the area around the compound. I can lip-read them. Maureen must be in the round building resting. Jordan is sitting under a tree with Julia. Luke I saw appeared to be exploring the area.  I feel happy and delightful.  Bruce is helping Terin and Tolland with the weeds. Bruce is gathering up the weeds and putting them in a pile. The sun is out shining. I could see a planetary moon in the distance. It is definitely not Terra because it's different. It has a greenish look to it with white clouds. I hope there's a pond nearby with a river to bathe in. Heather told me to go in the citadel and lie down. The round building we're staying in is called a citadel.  I'm getting sick of lying in bed. It's really boring. I hate it when Heather is bossy.  I went to the citadel she called it and laid down on the bed. Later Bruce carried me outside. He got very strong muscles. Outside was a little cloudy. The sun was setting. We stood in the courtyard. Christian started the meeting. The meeting was about staying here and exploring the hill next to the compound.  Heather told us that Julia, Maureen, and I will have to stay in bed because of the babies coming. Luke, Christian and Tolland decided to explore the hill when it was daylight.  That'll be tomorrow. After the meeting was dinnertime. We ate lettuce and apples. There was no water to drink. Christian told us he'll find a river for us to drink.  Then after dinner Bruce carried me back to bed. He laid down cuddling me. Right now he's kissing my neck and nuzzling it. He has a hand on where the baby is. I don't feel any movement except my chest is feeling a little tender. I haven't thrown up yet. I feel fine. I hope I'll be fine.

	Feeling fine,
	Elizabeth
 

July 1, 2101
Dear Anne, 
 
 Bruce woke me up at dawn. I wonder why. The sun was shining. He carried me outside to watch the sunrise. Then he left me under a tree. I fell asleep and dreamed of people who were dressed in all black clothes that looked scaly and molded to their bodies with round barrel shaped masks covering the heads. I don't know why but the name of disguised Human is kind of describes them. 
A disguised Human signed to me "Our race's name is Mesen’s Curse. Welcome to Terrania. You and the crew will meet soon." 
Then I woke up. Bruce came by with tomatoes for breakfast. I had apples to drink. Then Bruce carried me back inside the citadel. We have been calling it Citadel. We saw Maureen and Christian were making out. Bruce carried me outside and put me down near a tree. Heather stopped by and I told her about Christian and Maureen making out. Heather stormed into the citadel. Bruce sat next to me. I don't know what's going on in the citadel. I don't have my hearing aids. They don't work anymore.  I feel cranky and tired.  
Wow what excitement. Christian and Bruce with Tolland climbed the hill next to the compound. They came down pretty excited. They told us that they saw a ship. It's a shuttle named “Eileen”. It's in a mountain valley. The men wanted to go but Heather put her foot down. She insisted that Tolland stay and rest. I asked Christian if the ship was flyable. Christian told me slowly that part of the ship's wings is broken. It seems to be sitting in a valley. Neither man saw anyone around the ship.  Bruce and Christian left to the ship. I hope they get there safely. I really hope there are people on the ship. Heather told me to go back to bed. Who died and made her my boss? Really rude. Hmph.  I went to the citadel and saw Maureen lying on her bed. I chose my bunk to be next to hers. The bunk beds are lying in row. There are about six bunk beds. We had a nice conversation. We talked about babies. I asked Maureen what she was going to name her baby if boy and if girl. She told me John and Yelena. I see she's a fan of my favorite TV show. I told her I was going to choose the name "Sheridan". I told her about soap operas. She was confused about them. I did my best to explain them.  She went to sleep when Heather walked by. I'm a little annoyed with Heather. I feel a little tired. I didn't sleep very well last night. I kept waking up to see what time it was. Bruce slept on the bed above me. I also felt sick like throwing up along with some nausea. It's a good thing I didn't throw up.  Someone kissed me on the lips. I woke up to see Bruce. He carried me outside. We met the shuttle crew of four people.  I hope their not perfectionists. I really do. The shuttle crew was Helen Mathers, a tall woman with spiky blonde hair and blue eyes; she had a fake left ankle. Erik Herita, a black man with a fake right arm I could tell they were fakes because of the metal claws on them. Helen's ankle and foot had a claw foot.  Paul Kovik, also a blonde with green eyes and tall, Helen's husband like Christian has no problems and Jorge Grento, a Latino has a vision problem and wear's glasses. It was nice to meet them. We introduced ourselves. They asked us what year it was. They told us it was year 2080. We told them it was 2101. They have been asleep for a long time. After the introductions Christian led them in the citadel. Bruce set me down by a tree. I went to sleep and dreamed of a helicopter. The dream disturbed me that I woke up fast. Bruce looked shocked to see me awake. I told him I had a nightmare about a helicopter that looked sinister. It was very weird.  Bruce hugged me and gave me an apple to eat. He also had tomatoes. I'm getting a little sick of tomatoes. I want something else. I want pizza and a hamburger. I have cravings for food we don't have. I want chocolate. Bruce is sitting next to me nuzzling my neck. I'm trying to write but his nuzzling is bothering me. I like his nuzzling. It is very relaxing. I think I'll stop writing and enjoy it. 
Bruce nuzzled my neck that I think it's a little sore. Heather came by and told me to be in bed and not outside here.  She explained that there was a rainstorm coming. I looked up at the sky and I could see dark clouds. Bruce carried me inside the citadel. He took me to a room with six bunk beds all made out of metal. Then he laid me down on the bed and we lay spoon fashion. We stayed there until dinner time. The rainstorm left everything wet outside. Dinner was pop tart with a package to chew with. It's been awhile since I chewed packages. My teeth are feeling fine. It's been awhile since I had a pop tart. Bruce carried me outside and set me down near a tree. We had dinner. The rainstorm was a little short. The bush I sat was wet. I think I got my coverall wet. I really hope not. Helen came by and tried to talk to me in sign language. I'm surprised that she knows sign language. Wow. We chatted about babies. I told her I was expecting. She was surprised. She wasn’t surprised when I told her about Maureen and Julia both expecting babies. I guess they are showing a bit. I’m about a couple days along.  Helen showed me her fake ankle and foot its actually pieces of metal attached to her leg that has a claw like foot bottom.  Helen wandered around. I went to sleep and dreamed of the Mesen’s Curse again. In my dream they were coming to here to see us. I hope they know sign language. Then I had a weird dream of a large bubble ship firing its laser beam against a planet. There was a green moon next to the planet. I deducted that the planet was Terra and the moon was Edenia. I don't know why I had the dream. Bruce came by and I told him my dream. He was disturbed. I asked him if he saw anything besides the shuttle while on top of the hill. He told me he saw a river not far from here. Then he added about seeing a figure in black barrel shaped head and scaly skin look disappear behind a tree. I asked him if the figure had a sword. He was surprised about that.  I told him about my dream of the Mesan’s Curse telling me they are coming to visit. Bruce told me he had the same dream too. Then after the sunset Bruce carried me inside the citadel. He laid me on a bed and took the top bunk. I pulled out my diary. 
Helen saw me and asked with me lip reading, "What year are you from?" 
I told her 2001 and my name too. She was surprised. She told me that she met my descendant Anna as an old lady and a grandmother.  The light is fading. It's getting harder and harder to write in here. I'll write more lately. I hope someone has a flashlight. 

Bye,
Elizabeth

July 2, 2101 
Dear Anne,

 	It rained last night. Heather told me. Bruce let me sleep late. I woke up. I threw up in the hallway in front of Helen. She told me to go back to bed. I asked her if she was a doctor or a nurse like Heather. Helen told me she was a doctor. I went back to bed. I didn't throw up. I feel I have morning sickness. It is awful.  Helen examined me. She confirmed I was expecting. I went back to bed. I saw Maureen asleep on her bed. Julia was elsewhere. Shouldn't she be in bed too? Hmm. I feel sick. I feel like my insides are turning out. I had a vision of me as a Wolf giving birth to cubs in a small cave with Mesan’s Curse there. The babies sucked milk from my chest in my wolf form and then the Mesan’s Curse took the babies away and left me on the bed with Bruce. Everyone was asleep and didn’t notice the Mesan’s Curse.
Bruce woke me up by kissing me on the cheek. Then we walked outside. I saw Jorge and Paul in a discussion. They were discussing Christian. They wanted Helen to lead us not Christian. I sat down besides a tree and leaned against the tree. Bruce went to get me some food. He got apples and leaves a plant.  We ate lunch under the tree. I saw Heather arguing with Helen. I lip read them arguing about pregnancies. Helen wanted the expecting ladies to walk around and get some exercise. Heather disagreed. She insisted that they stay in bed. I hope Paul, Erick and Jorge are doctors and nurses too. They'll be able to help solve Heather and Helen's argument.  I saw Paul and Jorge. They were talking about Christian. I lip read them talking about bumping off Christian if he wouldn't step down from leadership. Heather and Helen solved their argument. They decided that the expecting women could take a five minute walk and then lie down. Christian came by and told Helen he's turning over the leadership to her. I hope it wasn't Paul and Jorge.  I asked Christian why he turned the leadership to Helen. He told me his wife Maureen and the coming baby is his priority. I wandered around camp. Heather saw me and kept looking at her watch. I looked in other buildings. The buildings were round and like the citadel. There were six of them. I looked in each of them.  I saw three had one room. Heather came by and tapped her watch. She told me my five minutes was up. I walked to the citadel. I lay on bed staring at the bed above me. Bruce came by and lay on his bed. I guess he was tired. I don't know what I can do now. I'm bored. I don't feel too tired. Maureen is on the bed next to me. She wants to talk to me in sign language. My conversation with Maureen was about the door that brought us here. We talked about showing it to the Eileen crew. We figured the door could bring us back to Terra. I reminded Maureen about the perfection law. Maureen told me that she thinks the law is no longer a law. Bruce carried me outside. I sat next to a tree. I watched Bruce, Terin and Tolland build a campfire. I leaned against the tree and felt something hit my head. I looked up and saw the tree was an apple tree. The apples fell down in the wind raining on me. I got up and went to another tree. This time this tree was a banana tree. None of the bananas fell on me. Bruce and Tolland got the campfire going. Jordan and Terin are talking together. I think its love. They're talking about sex. I thought Jordan and Julia was an item. Does anyone here know I lip read?  Luke is talking to Helen and her husband Paul. Annia and Heather are sitting together holding hands. I feel tired. I can't wait to eat. I'm hungry. I can't help it. I got up and got an apple from the tree. I bit into it and spit it out. I found I bit into a worm. Ew disgusting. Yuck. I threw the apple on the ground and got an apple from a branch. I checked it for holes. There were none. I ate it and it tasted okay.  I wandered around the compound. Helen saw me and told me to keep walking. I would love to go to a river and take a bath. I miss taking baths. I can't wait until we build a bathroom in the buildings. Heather saw me and told me to go back to bed. I watched the sunset. It was very beautiful. I could draw a picture. I feel like painting. Too bad there aren't any paints.  I went inside the citadel and went to bed. The light isn't good here. It's getting dimmer and dimmer. It’s hard to write. The book I found gave me no clues to who wrote it. I wonder who the author is. I'm very curious.  I'll have to write more tomorrow.

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


July 3, 2101
Dear Anne, 

 	Bruce kissed me on the cheek as he left me to outside. He woke me up. I finished reading the book I found. I hope I meet the authors someday.  Bruce came and carried me out of the room. He set me down. I saw the Mesan’s Curse coming through the door. They are scary looking. They had swords. One of them signed to me. I signed hello back. We had a conversation. We had a conversation about how we got to the planet. Luke explained we got to the planet through the door in one of the buildings. Helen explained she came by ship. She wasn't surprised to hear we came from the door. I wonder why. I asked Helen why she wasn't surprised. She wouldn't tell me. I told Bruce this. He was a little disturbed to hear this. I told him in sign language. The Mesan’s Curse wandered around the compound. They were a little nosy looking in the buildings. I pulled out my journal and started writing. I felt someone walking in my mind feeling as I wrote in here. I'm getting a little annoyed. It is bothering me. I told Bruce about that. He told me he felt someone walk in his mind. I suspect the Mesan’s Curse. I think their doing it. I don't know. The Mesan’s Curse stayed with us for the night. They are magicians. I saw two of them hold a square cloth like a square box. They hold it up above their heads. Mesan’s Curse entered the square and then the two holding the square above their heads. Then the square vanished. There was nothing in place except a square mark on the ground. I felt the ground and I felt dirt. They left around lunchtime. Lunch was pop tarts and apples. I had water to drink. I sat in front of the banana tree. I leaned back and took a nap. Bruce came by and sat next to me. He moved me to lean on him. I woke up and kissed him on the lips. We kissed for a bit. Then we walked around the compound. Bruce led me to one of the circular buildings. Inside was a hallway with several doors on the side. Bruce led me in one room. The room was like a classroom. It had rows of chairs and a blackboard. We closed the door and then had sex. Then we went outside. I felt tired. Bruce carried me to bed. I snoozed and woke up when I felt someone touching my shoulder. I looked to see a Mesan’s Curse who gestured me to follow. I got up and saw Bruce was asleep. The Mesan’s Curse wouldn't let me wake Bruce up. I followed the being to the smallest of the buildings. He I think it was a he entered the room with me following him. He clapped his hands three times and a circle in the floor sank and stairs appeared. I followed the Hayu down the stairs and he led me to a room. There were others there. They looked at me. One of them came forward and handed me something. It was my Osiris necklace. Then I felt someone kissing me on the lips and I woke up to see Bruce looking at me worriedly. I asked him what's wrong. He told me he had a hard time waking me up. I must have passed out and had that dream. It was really weird. I felt something in my right hand and found the Osiris necklace. I put it around my neck. Bruce asked me where I got it. I told him about my dream. He was very interested. Bruce wanted to get a necklace too. Dinner was apples and bananas. The Mesan’s Curse came back with their magic trick. First a square box appeared and then two came out followed by others. They wandered around the compound acting like they own the place. Hmph. There was no excitement. I went behind a tree and I threw up. I can't believe it. It's been awhile since I threw up. Heather saw me and insisted she examine me. I went to my room with her following me. In the room's privacy Heather prodded me over. She even felt my chest and area too. Heather finished her examination. Helen came by and examined me. She even touched me in my private parts. Humph. Helen told me I was fit and fine. She didn’t mention me being pregnant. I forgot to tell them about throwing up. The nurse and doctor argued if I should get any rest or not. Heather told Helen I was pale. I told them I wanted to stay in bed. I didn't feel well. I lay in bed. A Mesan’s Curse came by and whacked a hole in the wall. He turned on a switch, which turned on the room's lights. I thanked the Mesan’s Curse who nodded his head and left me alone. I went to write in here. I already ate some dinner. Dinner was fruit. I can't wait to eat something else besides fruit. It'll be a welcome change. As for the book I found I showed it to Helen who asked to borrow it. I let her borrow it. I hope she doesn't ruin it.  I wandered outside in the dark. The campfire was lit. I walked to the smallest of the buildings. Terin followed me. I told her about my dream with the Mesan’s Curse in it. I had to use my voice. Terin is still learning sign language. We entered the building. I clapped my hand as the Mesan’s Curse did and a stairwell appeared in the ground. A Mesan’s Curse came by and told us there was a river going under there and it wasn't safe for us to go. So I walked back to the citadel. I went to my room and found Maureen and Christian having a make out.  I wandered to another room. I could see Helen, Paul, Jorge and Erik. I never told them that I could lip-read. They were talking about using the door to go to Terra. I made sure my face didn't tell them I was lip-reading. They also talked about killing Christian. I don't believe this. Then Helen shooed me from the room. I left and went to find Luke. I told him about Helen and the others talking about the door and killing Christian. Luke wasn't happy about that. Then he went to find the others. We had a meeting. I made sure no one from the shuttle crew was there. We discussed what I found out. Christian suggested on keeping an eye on them.  A Mesan’s Curse stopped by and confirmed what I told them. Then Bruce carried me to my room. 

	Love,
	Elizabeth
 


July 4, 2101
Dear Anne, 

Today is the Fourth of July, which is a national holiday on earth, called Independence Day which the U.S.A. celebrated that.  It was a thunder and lightening storm last night. I had a hard time sleeping. It was windy blowing rain in the windows. I got drenched so I had to move off my bed to another room. I woke up Bruce and told him I was drenched. He and I moved to another room. The other rooms have six bunk beds in each six rooms. I chose a bunk bed far away from the window. Bruce slept on the bunk bed above me. I woke up and I found Bruce was elsewhere.  I wandered outside. I saw Maureen sitting under a tree asleep. Christian was looking annoyed. I asked him why. He told me he hasn't seen Helen and the others around. A Mesan’s Curse came by and told us that they were seen going in the building where the door was. Christian and I jogged to the building to the door was. We found the door open. Clouds were in the doorway. Christian looked at the door. Then the door suddenly closed. I wonder where Helen and the others went. I feel sorry for Terin. She and Jorge got along. I suspect there was love between them.  For lunch was apples from the tree I found the other day.  Christian called a meeting and we gathered around the campfire. We discussed what happened. Heather reported some of the medical stuff was gone. I also told them about Helen taking the book with her. Christian suggested going in their room and look for any clues. We went to the room the shuttle crew stayed in. I found the book on the bed. Then we looked in the beds and found nothing else. Then Christian held a meeting in the room. We decided to pack up our stuff and go through the doorway. We packed up our stuff and reached the building where the doorway was. Several Mesan’s Curse appeared out of nowhere showing their swords. One asked us what we were doing through hand language. Christian told them using his voice that we were going through the door. The Mesan’s Curse drew their swords and refused to let us in the building. Then I felt a boom and pointed it out to Maureen. Maureen told me she heard a boom too. Christian ran in the building and came out annoyed. He told us the Mesan’s Curse have destroyed the door. It’s in pieces. Then there was another boom. I saw a black cloud in the sky behind the hill. Christian and Bruce ran up the hill. They came back and told us a sinister helicopter appeared out of nowhere and fired on the shuttle Eileen. I'm getting annoyed. I wonder is it of keeping us here on this forsaken planet. While Christian and Bruce were on the hill, I looked up and screamed when I saw a sinister helicopter unbelievable it looked like the Semper Fi space shuttle with rotating blades. The ship flew up in the sky.  Bruce and Christian came back.  Bruce carried me inside the citadel. I'm getting sick of being carried. Bruce wants me to protect the baby. What baby? I don’t know if I’m still pregnant due to that Wolf dream. It was odd. I suspect that I’m pregnant again due to having sex with Bruce.  Christian carried Maureen inside the citadel to their room. Bruce took me to the room I stayed last night. I fell asleep. I dreamed of fuzzy ships in space firing at cities that looked like New York City to me then I woke up. I wonder when dinner is. I hope we're having something else besides fruit. I'm not very fond of lettuces. I hope I can take a bath in the river below the smallest building. Bruce came and told me it was dinnertime. I put my foot down about being carried. We had our first argument. Bruce insisted on carrying me. Heather came by and told Bruce to carry me. That ended our first argument. Bruce put me down next to a tree. I got up and walked to the smallest building. A Mesan’s Curse blocked my way. I told the Mesan’s Curse loudly about taking a bath in the river below the building. The being shook his head no. Humph. First they destroyed the door and the shuttle and now this. I'm really annoyed. I also can't wait to take a shower. My head is itchy. I have white stuff under my nails.  I'm annoyed. I 'm not in a good mood. I walked to the compound entrance and a Mesan’s Curse blocked my way. He wouldn't let me through the entrance. I wandered around and found Christian and Maureen under a tree kissing. I interrupted them and told them I wanted a meeting. Oh Dinner was fruit and herbs. We gathered around the campfire and I told them with Maureen interpreting for the sign language impaired. I told them about the Mesan’s Curse telling me about a river underground. Christian was excited. I led the group to the building. A Mesan’s Curse blocked our way. I 'm getting annoyed. I think we're prisoners here. Hmph. Christian attacked the Mesan’s Curse with his fists that grabbed Christian by the collar and lifted him up like he weighted nothing. Then the Mesan’s Curse threw Christian on the ground. I asked the Mesan’s Curse why his people destroyed the gate and the shuttle and is keeping us prisoner. The Mesan’s Curse stared at me. I repeated my question. Maureen interpreted for me. 
The Mesan’s Curse put away his sword in a sheath in his arm and signed "We are not responsible for destroying the shuttle. An ancient race called High Council has done this. We destroyed the gate to keep the High Council from using it." 
Heather insisted the expecting women go back to the citadel and rest.  Bruce carried me to the Citadel. In our room he laid me on the bed and kissed me on the face. Luke came by and interrupted us. He was annoyed told us to cut down having sex. Added it wasn't good for the baby.  Bruce went on the upper bunk asleep I think. I'm writing in here. I wonder where the planet’s natives are. I really like to know where we are. The only clue is the book of Edenia, I'm reading it and seeing if there's years in it. I should be going to bed. 

	Annoyed,
	Elizabeth


 										July 5, 2101
Dear Anne, 

I slept fine. Bruce woke me up. He carried me outside then put me in front of a tree. I made sure the tree wasn't an apple tree. It was a normal tree with leaves on it. I fell asleep and I had a dream about three crystal spires in a row next to a round circular spire. Then I woke up. Bruce brought me bananas to eat. I went behind a tree and I had a creepy feeling of being watched. It was the same feeling I had on Edenia. Are the Dragon Drums here?  Ha. Christian came by carrying Maureen. He set her down next to me. Our conversation was about babies. Maureen is feeling some movements. I asked her about the Mesan’s Curse.  She told me she thinks they have a hidden agenda.  We chatted some more about babies. Maureen hopes for a girl. Christian wants a boy. I don't care if my baby is a boy or a girl. It doesn't matter to me. Lunch was more fruit. I get the feeling we're purposely kept here for a reason. The Mesan’s Curse won't tell us. I'm annoyed. A Mesan’s Curse came up to me and signed to me. We talked about babies. The Mesan’s Curse seems to know I was expecting. I felt someone walking in my mind. It felt weird.  I took a short nap. I dreamed of a ship named Endeavor. Then I woke up. I think we're in a different dimension. I guess the year here is not around 2101. I'm guessing. I wonder how I knew that. Bruce came and told me there was a meeting at in a few minutes. I wonder what it is about.  I'll have to wait and see. The meeting was about leaving the compound. Christian wanted to leave and go somewhere where there are people. He wanted to leave. The Mesan’s Curse told us not to leave. Christian scolded them about keeping us prisoner. The Mesan’s Curse told us the High Council who controls the ships has driven the humans to kill each other. They added there are hidden mind walkers. I think they mean telepaths.  Christian wasn't happy being a prisoner. He added that we should use the underground river for water and baths. The Mesan’s Curse disagreed. They told us a human was killed by hidden mind walkers by appearing to be pushed into the river and not able to get to the surface when they went in the river. The human drowned. I wonder how long we'll be in prison. It is weird. I told the Mesan’s Curse that we should be with other Humans. The Mesan’s Curse told me with Maureen interpreting that the other Humans are on another continent. I asked what year was it. They told me it was 2384 several years pass 2101. Does that mean I have to write 2384 instead of 2101? I don't know. I can't believe it's been that long. I wonder what happened during the years. It is very weird. Sue would be dead now. I think her baby would have gotten married and had children before dying. I asked the Mesan’s Curse to get us water to the compounds so we could wash ourselves. The Mesan’s Curse was rude at my question. They told me it was too dangerous and claimed that the mind walkers are night people and they hang out in caves a lot. Then the Mesan’s Curse disappeared in thin air. 
Christian complained "I hate it when they do that."
 He wasn't the only one who felt like complaining too. I think I'll start using dates in my diary without years.  I hate it when there is a gap in the book between years. I think the portal door is a time traveling device that transports people to places in different years and different places. My only regret is the Mesan’s Curse destroyed the door. We could have gone through the door anyway. 

	Later,
	Lizzie
July 6 
Dear Anne,

 For as far as I know it could be another day that isn't July 6 Bruce woke me up. I stayed up a little late to read the book of Edenia. Breakfast was Bananas. I'm getting a little sick of fruit. There's no water to drink. I kept seeing Mesan’s Curse walking around the compound. I don't trust them. Bruce carried me outside and put me down next to Maureen. She was sleeping.  I took a nap. Bruce woke me up. I told Bruce about naming our child Sheridan. He was skeptical. I wonder why? I asked him why he didn't like the name. Bruce told me it's his middle name. Oh Bruce Sheridan Arkov. I told him it was the name I was going to name our child. Bruce gave me some bananas. I can't wait to take a shower. I must have smelled. I threw up. It's a first time I did that. Heather saw me and told me to go back inside to bed. I walked back inside the citadel and went to bed. I snoozed for awhile then I threw up in the hallway. Oh gross.  Heather saw me throw up in the hallway. She told me to go back to bed. I threw up on the bedroom floor. Heather got a pan from somewhere and gave it to me. I puked into it. I feel awful. I hope I'm okay.  I threw up in the pan. I wonder where Heather got it. I'll ask her if I see her. I also passed out. I woke up just now. I don't see anyone around.  I felt a feeling like I was elsewhere not here. It's like I was two places at once.  I went outside and saw the others there. They were having a meeting. Bruce ran to me and swept me off my feet. He was happy to see me. Our meeting was short. We talked about the lack of water and having to eat apples and oranges for drink. I poured out the barf stuff on the ground. Bruce put me down. I leaned against him. He and I walked around the compound. A Mesan’s Curse came by and watched me and Bruce. I felt someone walking in my mind. I'm getting annoyed. I complained to Bruce about the feeling. Bruce told me that he doesn't have a feeling of someone mind walking in his mind. I had a creepy feeling of being watched. I felt vibrations. The Mesan’s Curse pulled out their swords and stood around swords drawn. I asked them what the matter was. One Mesan’s Curse in sign language told me he heard a drumming sound. I told him it was the Dragon Drums. The beings were confused. I think we're in a different dimension. I think the door way leads to different dimensions. I think once I finish this journal that I'll add some writing to the Edenia book. First I got to check and see if my pen can write on the book. The writing is very interesting. I wonder who left it there.  I'm reading it and whoever wrote it must be a good writer. I'm surprised. I don't know. The question is where is Earth? I really like to know.  One thing I miss is toothpaste. My teeth hurt. I miss having the packets to chew with. We're rationing packets for once a week. I hope that we'll be able to use the packets. I wonder if we could go back to the shuttle and see the damage unless the spider ship destroyed the entire shuttle. I 'm a little jumpy and I'm hungry. I want to eat something.  I walked outside to the apple tree. I wandered around and climbed the apple tree. Bruce stood below me watching me climb. Heather came by and told me to get down from the tree. I could see a river near the compound from my perch. I climbed down the tree. Then Bruce carried me inside the citadel Inside he brought me to a room that had a semicircular table with wooden chairs. He sat me down on a chair then began to strip his clothes. I was laughing out loud. Annia stopped by and told us to grow up. Bruce stripped to his underwear which was black shorts and a black t-shirt. He put his coverall on. I pulled out my diary. I started writing. Bruce sat next to me and watched me write. He wanted to write a comment in my diary. I think I'll let him. 

Dear Elizabeth, 

Come what may, 
The future will 
Finish the work
We, Children of the past
Have started.

Come what may,
We hope the future
Won’t forget us,
But remember us
In history.

Come what may,
The future shall be saved
If our children are
Taught the consequences of
Our mistakes.

For they shall one day
Be in the stars
With the people of the past.

From the stars in the past we came
To the stars we return in the future,
From now until
The end of time.

 Bruce

  He wrote a poem very well. I let him write in here. One thing he's left handed. I should be going to bed soon. Bruce was elsewhere. I have no idea where. I'm itchy all over. My head feels itchy. I have white stuff under my nails from scratching my head. I feel itchy. I can't wait to take a bath. I'm feeling tired too. I think I'll turn off the light and go to bed. I'm a little tired. Yawn. Scratch, scratch. 

	Itchy,
	Liz


July 7, 2384
Dear Anne, 

Bruce told me the Mesan’s Curse allowed us to walk to the river and take a bath. I'm so happy about that. I left my journal under my pillow. I hope no one reads it. I left it in a way that will tell me if someone reads it. Bruce and I walked to the River. I saw Julia and Jordan. They were nude. They didn't turn away when they saw us. Instead Julia gestured for us to go in the water. I stripped to my underwear and went in the water. It was cool. The day was warm. Bruce stripped to his underwear and joined me in the water. We splashed each other in and out of our Wolf forms. Julia handed us some soap which I soap myself. I had Bruce keep his back on Julia. I didn't want him ogling Julia. Julia looked like she was six months pregnant. After the bath I climbed out of the water and put on my coverall. Bruce followed me and did the same. We walked back to the compound. A Mesan’s Curse met us there and signed about Julia and Jordan. How did he know their names? Weird. I told the Mesan’s Curse that Julia and Jordan were at the river. The Mesan’s Curse left us and walked to the river. Heather saw me and examined me in my room in private. She didn't touch my private parts this time. She felt where the baby was. Told me I was pregnant. I should feel any movements soon. I can't wait I'm excited. Bruce and I ate an apple and drank water. The Mesan’s Curse got us plastic bins to fill with river water. I'm glad they let us take a bath in the river. I'm happy about that. I checked my journal. Someone has been reading it. I think it might be Annia. I saw her come out of my room when Bruce, Heather and I were walking in the hallway to my room. I'm annoyed that someone reads my diary. I threw up in the pan. I hope I'm okay. I must be having morning sickness. I feel awful.  Sigh. Bruce is cuddling next to me. He's nuzzling my neck as I write this. He snuggled close to me in the bed. I'm feeling fine and relaxed. Bruce is massaging my back. It feels sore. I hope he could massage my abdomen its feeling a little tender. Bruce gave me a massage on my abdomen and on my chest. He rubbed my chest for a long time. I think he likes the feel of my chest. It's feeling a little bit bigger. I think it must be swollen full of milk. Dinner was bananas and apples. For drink was water. We're rationing our water. Trying to make it last. The Mesan’s Curse was nice enough to get it filled with water. I haven't felt the feeling in awhile. I talked to a Mesan’s Curse about feeling someone walking in my mind. The Mesan’s Curse asked me a lot of questions such as
 "What is the feeling and what does it want you to do?"  
And so on. The Mesan’s Curse told me to ignore the feelings. I felt someone mind walking in my mind. I told the Mesan’s Curse that. He I think it was a he apologized. Told me he knows what it is but can’t say it. He told me to keep this to myself. I don't mind. I plan to write it down in here. I just hope no one reads my diary. That's one secret I want to keep from the others. After my conversation I went inside the citadel and lay down on the bed. I wanted to think. I thought about the baby. I wonder how I could have the baby. It was weird. I hope Heather can teach birthing classes. I went around the compound looking for Heather. I looked in the buildings. I found Heather and Annia in a class room talking about sex. I knocked the door and got their attention. I asked Heather if she was certified to teach birthing classes. Heather told me she's a certified doctor. Oh I told her I thought she was a nurse. She told me she was also a certified nurse too. We set up a date for birthing class tomorrow. I went to look for Julia and Maureen. I didn't find them around the compound. I went to the citadel and found them in separate rooms with their spouses. They were having touch sex. I didn't disturb them. I think Heather will tell them herself. I went outside and sat under a tree. I watched the sun set. It was beautiful. Bruce came by and carried me in the citadel to our room. He laid me on the bed. Then he snuggled close to me. Right now Bruce is asleep. He looks so cute asleep. I think I should be asleep too but I have to turn off the light first. I hate having to get up but no choice. One thing I miss is having a cat on my lap. I wonder how Victoria and Demeter are doing. Well I'm sad that I won't be able to see them grow up. 

	Sad, 
	Elizabeth


July 8, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 	Last night I got up and turned the light off then I tripped over a bed. I crashed into it and hurt my right knee. I'm going to have a bruise. I hope it didn't bother the baby. What am I saying?! I a bit along and I haven't felt a thing yet. I can't wait to feel the baby kicking. I'm excited.  I snooze on Bruce. He woke me up at 6am by getting up. Luke woke him up. Whose idea was to get up at 6am anyway? Hmph. I walked outside and sat under a tree. Then I passed out and had that weird wolf dream again of me giving birth to cubs and the Mesan’s Curse taking the babies away. It was very weird that no one noticed this. My ankles feel sore. I think my ears are stuffed. They hurt. Owe.  Heather came by and reminded me that there was a birthing class in the school building in an hour. I asked her if she told Julia and Maureen about the class. Heather told me she was on her way to tell them that. I hope she finds them. I moved to another tree. It was an orange tree. I haven't had oranges in a while. I ate two oranges. I was hungry. I can't help it. My ankles hurt. I think its part of the pregnancy. I don't know. My ankles feel sore. I feel a little sick. I hope I'm okay. Birthing class will be in the school building. I can't wait. I'm interested in the class. 
Ugh. Heather found Julia and Maureen and told them about the class. We met in the school building. Terin and Tolland were there. They wanted to help out. We moved several of the desks to make room for the floor. Birthing class was interesting. Heather taught how to breathe and positions for birth. Both Julia and Maureen told us they felt their babies kicking them. I can't wait to feel the baby kicking. It might be a wonderful experience. I think she maybe right. After class was lunch then another class. Heather taught us first aide. She taught us CPR and how to wrap a broken arm.  Class ended for the day. Christian and Maureen wandered outside. Terin and Tolland are hanging around asking Heather questions about babies. I'm lip-reading them. They still don't know that I lip-read. Terin and Tolland told us to leave them with Heather alone. They wanted to talk to Heather in private. I have no idea what it was, but Terin didn't look happy. She looked sad. Bruce and I walked outside in the rain. Bruce carried me to the citadel. We were drenched. Bruce carried me to our room. We found Luke lying on the floor, his eyes open staring at the ceiling. Bruce nearly dropped me. He went to Luke and felt no pulse. Then he did CPR. I ran to get Heather. I found her in her room and told her about Luke. She ran with me to my room to Luke. Heather and Bruce did CPR. I stood there crying. I was sad for Bruce. Heather gave up on Luke. Bruce wouldn't give up. Christian came and restrained Bruce. We wrapped Luke up in a blanket then buried him in the ground next to the citadel. The Mesan’s Curse stood watching us. 
They heard me speak that Egyptian blessing “Ra be between you and harm in all the empty places where you must walk.” 
The Mesan’s Curse bowed their heads and clasped their hands in prayer. Then I tried to comfort Bruce. He was angry. Heather told me to leave him alone. I left him alone. I sat under a tree and wrote. It's a sad day. I think I'll ask Heather what was the cause of death.  I asked Heather what could have killed Luke. She told me she examined the body and thinks it could be a heart attack. She wasn't sure. She didn't have the medical equipment for the examination.  I saw Bruce attacking the trees like a football player. Heather and I watched him attack trees. I guess he is very angry. I hope he can move on.  Bruce sat down and he cried his eyes were watery. I went to comfort him. I held him in a hug as he cried about his father. I cried myself. I signed to Bruce that Heather thinks he had a heart attack. He may have died in peace. After that Bruce felt a little bit better. He laid his head on my lap and cried. I stoked his hair. I think he's getting a beard and a mustache. I don't know if he'll look cute with a beard or mustache.  He looks sad. 

	Sadden,
	Liz 

July 9, 2384
Dear Anne, 

Yesterday Bruce and I spent the night outside. Bruce slept in my lap. I slept leaning against a tree. It was interesting. Heather saw me at 8am and asked me if I slept outside all night. I told her I did and so did Bruce. Heather wasn't happy. She didn't want me to get a cold. I woke Bruce up and we had fruit for breakfast. I'm getting a little sick of fruit. Ugh. Then Bruce carried me inside the citadel. He laid me on the bed in our room and went off to somewhere. I wonder where? It was a cool night. I hope I'm not coming down with a cold.  I slept until I felt Bruce kissing me on the lips. I checked my watch. Bruce told me there was a Lamaze class. We walked to the school building. Several Mesan’s Curse were hanging around with their swords drawn. I could see several were teaching others how to use the sword. The Lamaze class was okay. Heather announced that Terin is three months pregnant. I wonder who the father is which wasn’t shared. After class was lunch which was green beans. The Mesan’s Curse filled up a bin full of green beans. I'm happy to eat something besides fruit. There's going to be a first aid class in a few minutes. Christian is trying to get a Mesan’s Curse to give him his sword. The being shook his head and refused to give the sword to Christian.  Christian gave up on trying getting a sword from him. In the first aid class Heather taught us many things. Christian complained about feeling his left arm sore. Heather examined him in front of us. Maureen looked worried. Then Christian had a heart attack. He fell to the ground. Maureen screamed. Heather and Annia gave Christian CPR. It seems to work. Heather told Christian to go to bed and stay in bed period. He left leaning on Maureen. She was very upset. Heather followed them outside to the citadel. Terin and I talked about the nausea and throwing up of pregnancy. We talked using our voices and me lip reading.  Bruce tried to teach Jordan and Tolland sign language. I taught Terin some signs. Annia sat and watched us. Heather came back and told the pregnant women to go to bed and stay in bed for a while. . Bruce carried me to my room. His face was stony and somber. I'm sad about what happened. I can't believe that Luke passed away.  I'm not in a good mood.  Dinner was vegetables. I'm glad because it was a welcome change from fruit. I saw Christian and Maureen lying in a bed snuggled together. Christian had a hand on her swollen belly. I think he can feel the baby moving in her. I hope the baby will be fine. I think birthing is going to be hard without any medications for pain. I hope to the One that I can stand the pain of birth.  Well after dinner I went to my room and pulled out the Edenia book. I'm on page twenty three. There are like two hundred pages in the book. I wonder how long we have to stay here. I'm hoping to be around several people who are human I hope. Oh Bruce wants to talk to me. 

Yours truly,
Elizabeth


July 10, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 Our conversation was about Christian and Bruce going up the hill and look around providing the Mesan’s Curse let them leave. I complained about being in a prison. Bruce agreed with me. This morning, I woke up at 6am by Annia. She also woke up Bruce. Told me she has Luke's watch and she's wearing it. The Mesan’s Curse let Christian and Bruce out to the hill if they had an escort, which they did. I stayed in the compound. I watched from the compound entrance as Christian and Bruce walked up the hill to the top. I watched them look around. I saw Bruce look at the sky and point. I looked where he was pointing. A sinister helicopter ship was coming over. Christian and Bruce ran down the hill and hid behind a tree. Annia grabbed Maureen and I and pulled us into a building. The building was the smallest. I showed Annia the stairwell by clapping my hands. Then a Mesan’s Curse came in the building with his sword drawn. He stood there at the door way. Then the being let us out. Bruce and Christian came running followed by Mesan’s Curse. I ran to hug Bruce. He hugged me. I feel happy that he's okay. The Mesan’s Curse told us with Maureen interpreting that it's time to move. The High Council is beginning to be suspicious. Christian wanted to go find the Shuttle and see if it was repairable. The Mesan’s Curse signed him out of it. We gathered our stuff and put them in a pile in the middle of the compound. There were backpacks for everyone. I think Helen purposely left some stuff for us. We packed our stuff in backpacks. The Mesan’s Curse told us not to take any food along. They told us where we're going there is food. I hope their taking us to someplace nice. I hope it's someplace with people there.  
We walked for hours and stopped now to take a break. The Mesan’s Curse pointed out plants we could eat. I felt hungry so I ate. Christian is doing fine. We seem to be near a river according to Maureen. Annia told me she could hear a roaring sound. I wonder what was that Dragons? I don't know. The Mesan’s Curse led us pass a hill to the river. I asked them if it was the same river that runs under the compound. They confirmed that. My feet hurt. My ankles feel sore. I feel like fainting. I told the others that then I sat down on a log. A Mesan’s Curse sat next to me. Bruce sat down at my feet throwing stones in the air. I wonder why he's doing that.  I hope we reach a town soon. I would love to know what they look like. It is very interesting.  
We reached a town. It was similar to a western town on Earth. The buildings were made out of wood. There were humans. They looked weird. They had markings on their bare arms that appeared to be numbers and the humans stared at us. The Mesan’s Curse told us to go in town and get a place to stay. They told us the people in the town are a superstitious folk towards Mesan’s Curse. We went in the town. I lip read them speaking English talking about us mostly. They called us Defenders. Christian found a hotel and we went inside. The man at the desk welcomed us. He told us we could stay in the hotel for free. I was shocked at that. I asked him his name. He seemed confused. Christian signed to me that Defenders are supposed to know everything including names. Maureen must be teaching him sign language. I told the man I was testing him. He laughed and rang a bell. He was like my father, all bald and wearing black pants and a brown turtleneck sweater. A bellboy came, wearing the same outfit as the manager. I think he's the manager. I lip read him telling the bellboy to take us to rooms on the top floor. We followed the bellboy up two flights of stairs to a hallway. He led us to several doors and told us there were two beds in them. Christian and Maureen took a room. Heather and Annia took a room next to them. Opposite the hallway Bruce and I took a room. Terin and Tolland took a room besides ours and Julia with Jordan took the room opposite them. The bellboy bowed and left us. The room had two seemly queen sized beds with shiny gray blankets. The wall was dark gray. There was a window that overlooked the town. There was a bathroom with a stall for showering. I lay down on the bed and snoozed. Bruce woke me up. He told me there was going to be a meeting soon. Christian told him that.  I still have that book with me. I wonder if I could find anyone around town.  I hope to read a page or two in the book. We gathered in the hallway and discussed many things food, medical items and a chance to sell some of our stuff. We don’t need the air mattresses. There are mattresses on the bed. I declined to sell some of my twentieth century stuff because I was sentimental attached to them. Christian and Bruce got all the air mattresses in a back pack then left to find the store. I went back to my room to snooze. I'm a little tired from doing a lot of walking. I hope we'll be fine here. I read a page in the book. 
Bruce and Christian came by minus the air mattresses. They had money with them. They were paid very richly for the mattresses. A bellboy came by and told us about a cafeteria on the first floor. We walked down the stairs to the cafeteria. There were few people there. They stopped talking to stare at us. We choose a table and sat down. A waitress wearing brown turtleneck and black pants came. She gave us menus. The food list was very weird. There was food I didn't recognize. Christian had to ask the lady for help. She suggested a food item which we choose. Then we chatted in sign language about food and the planet we're on. I pulled out the Edenia book. The waitress came by and saw the book. She was excited. She told us there was a written record about how the species came to exist. I noticed that a lot of people were wearing black pants and a brown turtleneck sweater. I think our coveralls stick out. I hoped we get some clothes and cover up our arms too. The lady came back with our food. It was green stuff with greens to drink. The food tasted like vegetables. After eating Christian tried to pay the lady for the food. She wouldn't accept the money.
 She said "it's on the house. We don't get many space visitors." 
They think we're from outer space. Wow. Then we went to our rooms to rest. I was tired from walking. Bruce and I are sharing a bed. He's rubbing my belly and nuzzling my neck. It is very pleasant. I wonder do the people like skin walkers around here. I hope so.  

	From,
	Elizabeth 


July 11, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 Bruce woke me up because Annia woke him up. I wonder why 7am instead of 6am. Oh the watch must be broken. I saw Annia whacking it. Bruce made her give it to him. Then we went to the cafeteria. There were several people there. The same waitress waited on us. We had gray food to eat and gray stuff to drink. After eating we sat around talking about the planet and its people.  I pulled out my diary and started writing in here. The waitress introduced herself. Told us her name was Carina. She had a scar on her cheek. I asked her if the Humans came from Edenia. She looked shocked.
I told Carina "Sorry about that. That comes from book."
She was shocked about that. She told us she isn’t sure about that. She stood over me and watched me write in here. I'm getting a little annoyed. Bruce shooed her away. I'm a little tired. I want to explore the town. I want to look around. My head itches. I took a shower last night and it was awful. The shower water kept turning hot and cold. I had a hard time showering.  I'm not in a good mood. I'm cranky. The bed was hard like at the hospital. I had a hard time sleeping. Bruce slept like a log. I'm a little tired. I think I'll go to my room and lay down. Bruce and I went to our room. We saw a Mesan’s Curse appear in our room. The Mesan’s Curse told us about changing our clothes to blend in with the natives. 
The being told us that there are some of the natives that are working for the High Council which leaves me asking a question due to knowledge of a religion with the same name “Who is the High Council?”  
He mentioned that there are some Humans here who do not have markings on their arms. Then the Mesan’s Curse disappeared in thin air. I went to bed and tried to sleep. I complained to Bruce that the bed was hard. Bruce felt my bed and then I felt his bed. It was soft. I wonder why my bed is hard while his is soft. We switched beds. Then I snoozed until someone kissed me on the lips. It was Bruce. He and I went downstairs to the cafeteria for lunch. Maureen and Christian were there. They were discussing baby names. Heather and Annia came with black pants and brown turtleneck. I hope I won't gag on turtlenecks. We ate lunch and went to our room to change in the clothes. I adjusted my turtleneck sweater. Heather gave us bandages to cover our arms. From Carina when asked she talked about women having numeral markings on their right arm while men have that on their left arm. The women in our group covered up our right arm with bandages. Bruce, Christian, Jordan, and Tolland covered their left arms. We decided to sell our coveralls. Christian and Bruce went to the store to sell them. I went back to our room to bed. I talked to Heather about being discreet with our skin walker abilities. She scolded me and told me it wasn't any one's business.  I hope to explore the town some more. I'm looking out the window as I write this. I can see the entire town from the window. It’s like a western town. Except it have six streets instead of one. The town is a little on the large size.  Bruce and Christian came back from the store. I wanted to explore the town. Heather told me to stay in bed because of the baby. I'm annoyed. Sometimes I hate being pregnant. That's one thing is staying in bed a lot.  Bruce stayed with me in bed nuzzling my neck. He snoozed besides me. I got up and looked out the window. I saw a sinister helicopter appear over the town. I saw townspeople running into buildings. The ship disappeared. The people came out of the buildings. The buildings were square metal like made out of wood. I think it was wood. There were windows too. The townspeople were wearing black pants and brown turtleneck. I wonder why? I adjusted the turtleneck top. It was loose around my neck. I didn't feel any gagging sensations. I feel I'm getting a case of writers block. I don't know what to write about. I wonder what's with the ships. The ships are similar to a helicopter back on Earth in the past. My back is itching. I woke up Bruce and we went downstairs to dinner. Dinner was orange stuff and orange drink that tasted like lemonade. It was weird eating this. I hope we can find an apartment to live in. it's getting too costly to stay in the hotel.  I told Christian about finding a house to live in. He agreed with me. He told us that he, Jordan, Bruce and Tolland will look around while we stay here. The men left us to finished eating. I pulled out my diary and started writing. Carina is hovering around us. She looked worried. I asked Carina why she looked worried, she asked Julia how far she was along. Maureen told her six months. Carina was confused by the date six months. I told Carina there was estimate thirty days in a month. It dawned on her. She told Julia to go to the doctor right away. Maureen told her she was fine. Carina told us that no woman has survived giving birth. Being pregnant was a death sentence. Maureen was shocked by this. Christian and the boys came back. Maureen told Christian what Carina told her. Christian told us he found the doctor's office just down the block. I suggested going to the doctor and get a check up in case of any hidden illness. We all thought it was a great idea. Bruce, the others and I walked down the road to the doctor's office. It was okay. Not many people stared at us. We used our voices and didn’t sign. The doctor's was like a TV show about a medicine woman. The doctor introduced himself as Mitch. He led us to separate rooms. I took a room with Bruce. The room had a medical bed, a sink and a curtain with a garbage deposal built in the wall. The doctor came and examined me. He waved a scanner over me. Told me I was four months pregnant. I told him I wanted to be surprised on the baby's sex. He told me to consider aborting the baby. I asked him why. He told Bruce and me that no woman has survived giving birth. Bruce and I signed to each other about telling him we were from Earth. The Doctor wasn’t surprised to see our sign language. He interrupted us by signing that he knows we're from the Mesan’s Curse. The Mesan’s Curse was seen hanging around us at the compound.  It explains why we were being watched. After the check up Bruce and I walked to the hotel. Bruce pointed out the store. It was named Jorgen. Bruce and I went in the store. It was small like a general store. There were our coveralls along with gray coveralls I recognized the Shuttle logo on them. The store had food such as candy, powders and goo. I wonder what the goo was for. It was really weird. There were strange items that I didn’t recognize. It was very weird. Heather came by with Annia. She told me to go back to bed and stay there. We walked back to the hotel. Inside we went to our room. I'm in the bed writing in here. Bruce is staring out the window. I wonder what he is thinking about. I asked Bruce what he was thinking about. He told me what the doctor told him about a fifty chance I could die from giving birth. I really hope to the one not! I told him I'll be fine. Then Bruce went to the hard bed and lay there staring at the wall. The ceiling is glowing. It is very weird. There is enough light to write in here. I think I'll go to bed now. I have to get up and turn the light off. But first I have to take a trip to the restroom.  Then I'm going to take a hot shower. 

	Yours,
	Eliza


July 12, 2384
Dear Anne, 

Annia woke me up at dawn. I woke Bruce and we gathered in the hallway. Annia went to wake Jordan, Julia, Tolland and Terin. Maureen and I talked about babies. She's feeling some movements. It's good for her. I'm glad. I can't wait to feel the baby kick. It'll be a great feeling.  I'm a little tired. The bed was soggy a little bit. It hurt my back when I tried to sleep on my stomach. My stomach feels tender. I also have some pains in my ankles. It's good to sit down on the floor. The floor is rugged blue color with gray walls. The doors are white with foreign language on them. I think the language is from my favorite TV show. I'm not sure what language it is.  The meeting was about finding a house to live in. Christian volunteered to go and find a house. Heather asked to come along. Bruce declined in going. Maureen insisted he go. After the meeting we went downstairs to the café. The cafeteria is a bit on the large size like a high school cafeteria. The chairs and tables are made out of wood.  There was a bar. The cafeteria is seemly the hotel's basement. There are stairs leading downward to the café. Breakfast was pancakes and orange juice. Christian tried to pay Carina for the food. She refused the money. The money was a credit card. It was weird using credit cards to pay for stuff. After breakfast, Heather, Christian and Bruce left to find a house to live in. The rest of us stayed in the cafeteria talking to each other. We discussed babies. Maureen is confident that she'll survive the birth. Terin is four months along. I'm four months along. I can't wait to have a baby. I'm excited. Tolland left us to go to his room. He was falling asleep in front of us. Maureen is teaching, Terin and Annia sign language. I'm writing in here. I hope Heather, Bruce and Christian come back soon. There aren't any people in the cafeteria. The waitresses walked outside. I wonder why. I told the others and I went outside. I saw the waitresses. They were chewing some brown stuff in their mouths. I asked what it was. They looked at each other very strangely. I explained I was from a town that doesn't have the stuff. Carina was there. She told me it was called kook. What a weird name. I went inside and found Maureen, Annia and Terin were gone. I wonder where. I went to their rooms and found them in their rooms. Maureen was in bed asleep and so was Terin. Annia was looking out the window. I went to my room and decided to write. I would like to explore the town. It'll be nice to explore the town. I'm a little tired. I'm feeling cranky. My ears are feeling stuffed. I have a headache. I hope there is some aspirin around here. Whenever I have a headache I always take aspirin and then go to sleep. I think sleeping helps me with my headaches. 
Bruce woke me up around lunchtime by kissing me on the lips. He told me that he, Heather and Christian found a boarding house that was willing to take us. We went downstairs to the café.  The doctor Mitch stopped by he wanted Maureen to stay in the hospital because it was near time for her to have the baby. Christian asked the doctor if there was an extra bed for him to stay with Maureen. Mitch told us the bed is for two people. So after lunch, which was, green stuff and green drink (Tastes like chicken) Mitch, Maureen and Christian left to the hospital. They packed their stuff in backpacks and then they walked to the hospital. I asked Bruce about going to the store and looking at stuff. I wanted to look around. Bruce showed me a credit card. Told me there were two thousand credits on it. We went to the store. I looked around for clothes for my expanding girth. I didn’t find any. Oh well. After the store we went back to the hotel to pack our stuff. Bruce and Heather led us to the boarding house. We walked down the street to another street. The streets were labeled in foreign language. I can't wait to be able to read it.  It might be nice to be fluent in the foreign language. It does look eerie.  The boarding house was a three story building. It had porches. We went inside and knocked on the door that said "Manager" in English. An old man wearing black pants, a white t-shirt and gray vest answered the knock. He told us the number sign for the doors. Then he gave us credit cards that were keys. Bruce had a hard time finding our apartment. We couldn’t read the door numbers. They were in a foreign language. I knocked on the manager's door and he answered my knock. I explained I was from a different town that used a different language and politely asked him to point out the door number for me. He was rude. Told me to look for the number I and then he slammed the door. A Mesan’s Curse appeared and gestured Bruce and I to follow him. He led us down the hallway to a door and gestured to the door. Bruce swiped the card and we went inside. I think the being helped the others find their rooms. There was a living room that led out to a porch, with a small kitchen that had a refrigerator and an oven with and a bedroom with a bathroom. Both rooms were furnished with furniture. The furniture seemed Native American. There were Native American designs on the sofa and on the blankets on the bed. I told Bruce about getting a job. He thinks he could work in the store. He's not sure.  I wandered on the porch and I could see a mountain in the distance. It was very peaceful here.  A Mesan’s Curse came and handed me a book on foreign languages. Bruce and I invited the others to our apartment. Then we spent the rest of the afternoon reading and discussing it. Learning languages is easy for me. Bruce had trouble. We taught each other the alphabet. The number on my door reads B2. Then around dinnertime Bruce and I wandered outside to a building next door. It was a restaurant. The restaurant was three levels. On level one was a cafeteria with a many food choices. Bruce and I didn't explore the other levels. We got our food and ate in silence. The food was green cream with green drink. Tastes like vegetables. Then after eating we sat talking about the baby. We made sure no one was sitting near us to overhear our conversation. Heather came by with Annia. Heather told me to go back to bed. I asked Heather if she was going to get a job at the hospital. Heather told me she'll think about it. Bruce and I left the cafeteria to the store. I found a nice old lady working there. She had a smile on her face. She seemed nice. I asked the lady for stuff for our teeth. She explained it wasn't necessary because the food we eat has toothpaste in it. I wandered around the store. Bruce talked to the lady. Their discussing jobs around here. I saw clothes, food and other items that were very weird and not recognizable. I didn’t touch them for fear of setting them off. I joined Bruce and the old lady. Bruce told me the lady wanted some help with her job. He added that she accepted him to work starting from the afternoon to nighttime. Bruce will be working. He told me to go home. I walked home. I saw some men ogle me in my chest area. My chest has gotten a little bigger. Luckily the underwear I'm wearing is stretchable. I got to our apartment. I met Annia on her way out. Her apartment is next door to ours. I went inside the apartment. I'm not sure. I hope Bruce will be home soon. The sun has already set. It is dark outside. There are different constellations in the sky. I tried to find the big dipper or Orion's belt but couldn’t I can't wait for Bruce to come home. I'm feeling a little tired. I think forty winks will be fine. 
. 
	Yawn,
	Liz


July 13, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 	Yawn I fell asleep on the couch and woke up in bed.  The couch was made out of wood and had pads. I think I passed out for Bruce to carry me to the bed and leave me there. Bruce woke me up with a kiss on the cheek in the morning. I got up and stretched. My back felt sore. My ankles were feeling sore. I had a throw up feeling in my throat. I hope I won't throw up. I've been lucky holding down food. We ate at the restaurant. We had to pay for our food. Bruce is working for eight standard planetary hours according to him at the store. He is a good lip reader. He's a whiz on lip reading. I can understand people half the time. Breakfast was pancakes. I love pancakes. I ate four of them. Heather came and she told me she's working at the hospital as a nurse. I hope I can find something to do. I’m a little bored. I feel there's nothing in the town just usual boredom. I'm tired. I feel I'm cranky and irritable.  I went back to bed and slept until Bruce woke me up at lunchtime. I asked Bruce why he was here. He told me the lady gave him a thirty-minute break. Oh we walked to the restaurant to eat. Lunch was steak and milk to drink. It's been awhile since I ate steak. The steak tasted funny like chicken. The milk tasted like milk. I'm surprised that there are cows on whatever planet it is. The waitress was nice. She tried to show off her chest to Bruce. Bruce explained we're married. She told us she doesn't see a necklace. I showed her my necklace. She was interested in it. I explained it was a gift. She assumed Bruce gave it to me to marry me. They give necklaces to each other for signs of marriage. Bruce had a chain necklace on it. Then after lunch Bruce walked me to our apartment. Then he went back to work. I'm feeling bored. I'm sitting on the bed. The bed is made out of wood. The rooms seemed to be made out of wood but their painted a gray color. The bathroom looks different. I found a shower stall and a toilet. I'm bored. I feel I have nothing to do but stay in bed. Why can't there be excitement around here? Sigh.  I looked outside the bedroom window. I saw a ship fly up in the air from behind the mountain. It was very weird. I wonder what's with the ships. Yeah. I think I'll go back to bed and snooze. I'm bored. I should be in bed resting for the baby. I wonder what sex it is.  I saw another ship fly over town. People ran in the buildings. The ship paused over town then went up in the air and disappeared. Then people came out of the buildings. Sigh. I'm a little bored. Maybe I could visit the store and see Bruce. It might be nice.
Let me start at the beginning. I got to the store to see Bruce carried out on a stretcher. I ran to the people and asked what was wrong. Bruce was acting crazy. He was changing from Human to Wolf back and forth. It was very weird. He was struggling against the restraints. A horse drawn carriage drove us to the hospital. They put Bruce to sleep. Heather came by and examined Bruce. She took off his bandages and found numeral markings on his left arm. Heather checked my right arm. She found markings on them. I had a half triangle mark on my right arm along with the numeral markings. Bruce has it to and so does Heather. I asked Heather how I got the markings. Heather isn't sure. She thinks it might be a virus or the planet. After she left a Mesan’s Curse appeared and explained that Bruce and I am beings dubbed Amula hen the being disappeared.   Bruce is asleep next to me on the bed. I'm sitting on the bed with Bruce lying next to me. There are three markings on my arm that are the same on Bruce's arm. I find them weird. Christian is here with Heather and Annia. Christian showed me his arm. He has similar markings too but no circle with a star in it. I think the circle with a star in it is the symbol for Amula. Heather and Annia both showed their arms. I asked them about the others. Heather told me the others Julia and Jordan who seemed to have disappeared have similar markings but no Amula marks. I wonder about the Amula. I hope we'll be fine. A Mesan’s Curse appeared to us and warned us that Amula are treated like criminals. They are blamed for crimes they didn't commit. He added that Amula are considered servants of evil. Then he disappeared when the doctor came. The doctor was Mitch. He looked at Bruce and me with disgust on his face.  He told us Bruce and I am Amula for life. I asked him if any babies of ours would be Amula. He told us there was a fifty percent chance. I lip read Heather telling me to keep my mouth shut about being pregnant. I didn't tell the doctor about the baby. I waited until he left and asked Heather why. She explained that she found they have drugs to abort a baby. All a woman has to do is take a pill and the baby is aborted. Yuck. I don't know if Bruce and I will be able to stay in town because of what the Mesan’s Curse told us. I don't know if Bruce will have his job.  Bruce woke up. I asked him what got him mad. He explained he lip read some men talking about my chest. They were interested in having sex with me. He told them I was married.  One of the men pulled out a gun. Bruce knocked it aside and punched him in the gut. The other man hit him on the head with a gun. It made him madder which as a result he changed his form and attacked them. I think Bruce is not going to have his job back. I told him about seeing the look of disgust on the doctor's face and on the old lady's face too. Bruce wasn’t happy about that. He thought we should move to back to the citadel and stay there. I can't wait for a Mesan’s Curse to appear. I want to tell them about escorting us back to the citadel. I can't wait. I want to leave town the soonest I can when they let Bruce go. Bruce and I walked to the apartment. We saw an eviction notice on our door. The notice told us that they don't take Amula. I guess news went fast in town. Bruce and I gathered the others. We told Terin, Tolland, Heather and Annia that we're going back to the citadel. Terin tried to talk us out of that. I told her what the Mesan’s Curse told us about being Amula which is skin walking changing forms from Human to wolf and back. Heather explained she heard people talking about hanging Bruce. Annia suggested going at nighttime. Bruce and I left the town to the citadel. It was a bit dark out. I could see a Mesan’s Curse meeting us. The being led us to the Compound in the dark. I think they have night vision glasses. At the compound Bruce and I found a room in the citadel to sleep in. I’m a little tired. Bruce is sprawled on the bottom bunk of the bed next to mine. He’s asleep. I think we’ll be safe here for awhile. I hope we’ll be fine. I think I’ll turn off the light and go to bed. Oh before I forget I managed to bring along my twentieth century stuff in a backpack. 
   
	From,
	Elizabeth


July 14, 2384 
Dear Anne,

It was thundering and lightening outside. Bruce was standing at the circle window and looking out. I got up and turned the light on to dim. There was enough light for me to write. I felt a little cranky. My ankles are sore and my legs are feeling like jelly. I didn’t feel like getting up. It is raining outside. I slept. Bruce was elsewhere. I walked outside. My ankles and legs felt a bit better. I went behind a tree and threw up.  I felt a vibration feeling. Several Mesan’s Curse appeared with their swords drawn. I asked one why. He told me in sign language that he heard drumming noises. I think it’s the Dragon Drums again. I haven’t seen any Dragons around here. I wandered around the compound. I found Bruce in the classroom building reading the Edenia book. He was reading it.  Bruce finished the book. I took it and packed it in my backpack. I sat under a tree. It is a beautiful day. I feel tired. A Mesan’s Curse woke me up and pointed to the sky. There were dark clouds in the sky. I think it’s going to rain.  I went inside the citadel. I looked out the window to see Bruce setting up bins to catch water. Then he joined me inside the citadel. We stood watching out the window.  It rained hard. I think the bins will be overfilled. I felt vibration sound.  I think it’s the Dragon Drums again.  I wonder why their here. I left my diary on the bed under a mattress. Bruce and I went outside in the pouring rain. We fooled around splashing each other. Then we went inside the citadel. The rainstorm has stopped for a bit. I found my diary on top of the bed. I think a Mesan’s Curse read it. I really hope not. I hope I’ll be fine.  I think we’ll go out to eat dinner. I wonder what’s for dinner. I hope the rainstorm hasn’t destroyed the fruit and vegetables in the garden. Bruce told me a Mesan’s Curse asked him in sign language if I was expecting. Bruce told the being that I was expecting. Bruce laid on the bed spoon fashion next to me. I hope we see some people. A Mesan’s Curse came in the room with sword drawn. Bruce got up to the window and signed that he saw a sinister helicopter ship. I got up and looked out the window with Bruce. I saw it land on the hill.  A hooded humanoid came out. It glided down the hill to the compound. It opened the compound doors with a wave of hand, must be telekinetic. The figure was a Sakul as said from the Mesan’s Curse.  I saw the Mesan’s Curse attack it. They fell backwards when the Sakul waved a grey clawed hand. The Sakul entered the citadel and reached our room. With a wave of a hand it made the Mesan’s Curse fall backwards. I saw red eyes glowing from two holes in the hooded robe. The robe was gray color. 
I think the Sakul spoke to us in our minds. “Come with me and join us.” 
Then two hands grabbed the Sakul’s neck and twisted it. I saw a brown haired male about our age standing over the body. The Sakul disappeared. There was a boom. I looked out the window and saw the ship was destroyed. The male introduced himself as Rani. He brought along his pregnant wife Jella. She looked heavily pregnant. They also told us they were Amula. We introduced ourselves and told Rani, we were deaf. Rani and Jella who had brown hair didn’t look surprised when we told them that as Rani and Jella choose a room.  We gave them a tour of the compound.  Then Jella went in labor. She was sitting in bed with Rani and Bruce on both sides as I wrote in here. The birth will be easy for her. I think. I don’t know.  I better stop writing and help her. 

	Being helpful,
	Lisha

  
July 15, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 The baby is a boy. His name is Ranijell.   We stayed up all night helping Jella with the birth as she changed into a Wolf. She wasn’t in any pain and the birth was very long. It takes awhile for her to give birth. Speaking of babies, she survived the birth. I wonder about Maureen. She could have the baby by now.   I don’t know. I miss the others very much. I’m tired. I stayed up so late helping Jella. She’s a doctor herself.  I’m glad. I asked her how many weeks she was. She was confused. I explained about the weeks. She told me she was twenty-nine weeks. I think is that how many weeks I have to wait until I have the baby? It was my first time I helped her give birth to a baby. She assured me she was in no pain while giving birth. I’m grateful. I think I might want to see her. I feel my baby is a little on the large size. I’ll tell her that. I went to see Jella and found her asleep. The proud father was asleep next to her. Bruce was on another bed watching them. He was yawning. I got him up and brought him to our room. I think I’ll wait until tomorrow to talk to Jella about the baby. Right now I could use a nap. I’m tired.  
I found Bruce looking out the window. I went to check on Jella and Rani.  Jella and Rani were awake talking about the baby. They thanked me for helping her give birth. I showed my expanded girth to Jella. I told her the baby was going to be big. Jella told me I was having twins.  It is very weird. Where did she get the idea? I could be having triplets. I really hope not.  My grandmother had triplets. I could have triplets. I went outside and I saw Bruce attacking trees. I asked him why. He told me in sign language that he found that someone dug up his father’s body and left it to rot. Bruce reburied the body. He was very upset that someone would do that. I watched him attack trees. I sat down on the ground next to a tree. Rani came out and asked with me lip reading what was wrong with Bruce. I told him about Bruce’s father dying from a heart attack and burying him in the ground. I added about someone took out his body and left it to rot. Bruce wasn’t very happy about that. Rani was frowning. He didn’t look surprised to hear this. I suspect he could have done this but I don’t think so. I suspect the Mesan’s Curse may have done it. I ate some fruit for dinner then went to write. He’s kneeling on the ground trying to relax and mediate.  I gave Bruce a back rub. He in turn rubbed my chest and after that Bruce carried me inside the citadel to our room. We stripped and had sex. I don’t want to write very many details about having sex. I’m suspecting the Mesan’s Curse have been reading my diary. I don’t want to write down details such as sex. No thanks. I think I’ll leave it to their imagination.  I feel wound up. I think I’ll go outside and take a walk. I want to exercise. 

Yours, 
Elizabeth


July 16, 2384 
Dear Anne,

 I went outside last night and went for a walk. I wandered around the entire compound. The area is entirely surrounded by a fence.  There are trees and gardens the compound is quite on the large side.  After my walk I went back inside the citadel. I found Bruce up and looking worried. He was looking for me. We cuddled spoon fashion on the bed and snoozed. I woke up. I don’t know what I’ll be doing today.   I could go to the river and take a bath. I’ll have to leave my journal here.  I hope the Mesan’s Curse won’t read it. Bruce is up and looking out the window. I waved to get his attention and he looked at me with yellow eyes. I asked him in sign language what was the problem. He told me someone dug up his father again and left the body out of the ground. It is irritating him.  Bruce stormed out of the room. I got up and looked out the window. I could see Luke lying on the ground face down. I watched as Bruce dug a hole with his hands and buried Luke’s body. A Mesan’s Curse came into the room and tapped me on the shoulder scaring me. The Mesan’s Curse signed to me that he wanted to apologize. He caught one of his people reading my diary. I told him about Luke’s body. The Hayu told us it was their custom to leave the dead where they are. I asked him if he ever buried the bodies. 
The Mesan’s Curse told me “No, we leave the body facedown.”
 I explained politely about my custom of burying the dead. Then Bruce came back. He was calmer. He nuzzled my neck. The Mesan’s Curse left the room. Bruce carried me to the bed and made love to me. I fell asleep. Jella woke me up by telling me it was dinner time. Bruce was elsewhere. I don’t know where. Dinner was vegetables and fruit. I went outside and I saw Bruce arguing with a Mesan’s Curse. They were signing about Luke’s burial arrangements. Bruce wanted Luke buried in the dirt. The Mesan’s Curse wanted Luke unburied and lay facedown on the ground.  I told them about burying Luke face down in the ground. They agreed with my idea then they took Luke out of the ground and reburied him facedown. Then I told Bruce to eat something. He ate some vegetables. The Mesan’s Curse told us that more Amula might come over to the compound later. I don’t know when.  I sat beneath a tree and wrote. Bruce already ate something.  I got some fruit for Jella and carried them inside the citadel. I found Jella up in her room. She was burping Ranijell. I left the fruit on her bed. She and I talked about names. I told her about the baby being big. She thinks I’m having twins.  She suggested some names such as Brubet, Elizuce or Betuce, very weird names. I disagreed with the names. I went to find Bruce and found him outside staring at the sky. I saw a familiar sinister helicopter ship coming. I pulled Bruce in the citadel. We gathered in our room. I could see the ship hover over the compound. A small ship came out of the ship and landed in front of the citadel. A Sakul came out of the ship. Several Mesan’s Curse stood around the Sakul in a circle with their swords drawn. The Sakul waved a clawed hand and several Mesan’s Curse fell backwards. Bruce and I ran to Jella and Rani’s room. They were there. We told them about the Sakul. Rani was annoyed. The Sakul entered the room and stood staring at us.  I asked the Sakul what it wanted. I could hear it say inside my head that it wanted the baby. Jella refused to give the Sakul the baby. The Sakul raised a hand and Jella fell asleep. It told us she was in a coma. Rani refused to give the baby to the Sakul. Then I saw hands grabbing the Sakul and twisting its neck and it disappeared. I saw a man with blonde hair and golden eyes. He told us his name was David.  He didn’t know sign language. I felt someone reading my mind again. I think he was telepathic.  We introduced ourselves to David. I like his name David. I think I’ll name the baby David if it’s a boy. I signed to Bruce that. He thought it was a good idea. He wanted the name Daniel too. 

	From,
	Liz


July 17, 2384
Dear Anne, 

David looks very handsome looking with a tan skin and short black hair. He was wearing moccasins, and some kind of pants that were tan colored like including a top that looked like it was made from a deer. He was looking at me. I felt a spark with him. I didn’t feel a spark between Bruce and me. I wonder about Bruce.  I hope we’ll be fine. It was the second time an Amula saved our lives.  I asked David if he was married. He looked sad at the question. He told me he’ll tell me about the answer someday. I like the names of David and Daniel Arkov. It is very good. Which reminds me Rani and Jella didn’t give a last name. I wonder why.  I noticed that Jella and Rani didn’t look very happy with David. I wonder why. I asked David why he was here. He told me the Mesan’s Curse told him about this compound being a sanctuary for Amula. Rani and Jella didn’t look happy to see him. The baby looked familiar. He eerie reminds me of David. I wonder why. I told Jella that and she confirmed that David is the father. Whoa.  Bruce showed David the compound. I think I might be having two twin boys. I could name them David and Daniel. I like the names. I don’t know if I could use the name Arkov. I ask Jella what was her last name. She wouldn’t tell me. She told me she’d tell me that later. I wonder when is later?  Bruce and David are talking about babies. Jella is a doctor. She told me that herself. She wants me to go back to bed and stay there. I’m in the bed in our room. David stopped by with food. I ate some food. I feel a connection with David. I don’t know why.  He tried to kiss me on the cheek but I rebuffed him. I told him I was married to Bruce. David smiled some smirk on his face and I didn’t like it.  Bruce came by and we all talked about babies. I told David I was expecting a baby. David thinks I’m having twins. I wonder why. I could feel someone reading my mind. David surprised me by signing sign language. I think he’s telepathic. I asked him that. He waited until Bruce left and told me he was telepathic. He confirmed that I’m having twins.  I ate some dinner David brought but David tried to kiss me on the lips when he presented the food. I think he likes me. Too bad he isn’t deaf. I’m worried that Bruce might be jealous of David.  I wandered outside. I saw Bruce pulling weeds in the garden. David is helping him. David looked at me and I got flowers in my mind. I went to Jella and told her about getting flowers in my mind. She told me David likes me. I told her about feeling a spark with David.  She told me she felt a spark with David and had his child. I told her Bruce was the father of my baby. Jella was skeptical. I told her I’m five months along. I told her I had sex with Bruce. She thinks I was artificially pregnant. It explains why I’m a little bit on the big size. Jella examined me. She told me she thinks I’m five months pregnant. I told her I haven’t felt any movements. She thinks its part of being artificially pregnant. We had a talk about me falling in a coma and having sicknesses. She wasn’t confused. She told me it was the classic symptoms of being artificially pregnant. I really hope not.   I could be having a baby in two months. I seem to be on the large size. I asked her what the feelings of feeling the baby kick are. She told me fluttering movements.  I left her and went to bed. I’m feeling a little tired. David came by and kissed me on the lips. I told him to stop that. He grabbed me and kissed me on the lips. I hit him on the face. I think Rani came to my rescue and pulled David off of me. I don’t think I’ll name the baby David if he keeps this behavior. Rani hauled David to somewhere. I don’t know where. Bruce came by and I told him about David making a pass at me. He was mad. Boy Bruce’s eyes flared yellow. He left the room. I got up and looked outside the window. I could see Rani restraining Bruce from hitting David. David was smirking. Then a Mesan’s Curse grabbed David and hauled him out of the compound and closed the door. Bruce went inside and he kissed me on the lips. We stood cuddling. I told Bruce in sign language about what Jella told me about the having twins and being five months pregnant.  Bruce wasn’t happy about that. I told him what Jella told me about being artificially pregnant. Bruce wasn’t happy about that at all.  He assured me he still loves me. I assured him I still love him.  

	Love,
	Elizabeth


July 18, 2384 
Dear Anne,

I woke up at when I felt someone like Bruce kissed me on the lips. I woke up to see it was David. I wonder how he got inside the citadel. I told him I was already pregnant but he tried to take my pants off of me but I changed into my Wolf form and he wouldn’t let go. He whacked me on the head and I felt woozy and fell unconscious.  Then I woke up on the bed alone. I’m lucky I had this journal to write in here. I went outside and I found Jella outside arguing with David. I knew they were arguing by their actions. They both saw me and turned their backs on to me. A Mesan’s Curse came by and hauled David out of the compound. I told Jella about him hitting me. Jella was very upset. She had to counsel me. I didn’t feel like laughing. She told me to go back to bed. I didn’t feel like eating I went back to bed and pulled the blankets over my head. I cried and cried. I think I’m coming down with a cold. My nose is runny. Bruce stopped by. He looked angry. He told me Jella told him David tried to have sex with me. He sat in the bed and held me in a hug. I fell asleep and woke up in his arms. He was asleep. I pulled out my diary and started writing. I can’t explain how I feel towards David. I hope he didn’t hurt the baby. I hope I’m okay. I wonder how David got inside the compound and to me. I wonder why he did that. I feel awful. I have to go out and throw up. I feel sick. I’m feeling disgusting. I went outside and I threw up my dinner. I threw up and threw up. I saw Jella came by. She told me to go back to bed. On my way to the citadel I saw Bruce come out. I told him about throwing up. Bruce carried me inside the citadel to our room. We lay on the bed and Bruce held me in a hug. It was good to be held. I liked Bruce’s arms around me. I snuggled close to Bruce’s chest and snooze. I woke up feeling hungry. Bruce was awake. I told him about being hungry. He left me on the bed and went to get some food. Rani came by and watched me stare at the top bunk. Bruce came by with fruit. I ate only half an apple then I went to write in here. Rani went carrying Jella and the baby. They settled in a bed next to the bed I’m in. The beds are twin sized. I think I’ll go to sleep now. I don’t feel good. I think I lost my sense of smell. I can’t smell a thing. 

Awful, 
Elizabeth

 
July 19, 2384
Dear Anne,

 I got up really early in the morning to throw up outside. Bruce followed me outside and put his hands on my back as I threw up.  Then we went back to bed. Bruce got up in the morning and kissed me on the cheek as he left me to go outside. I saw Jella standing and walking around nursing the baby Ranijell. I went back to sleep and woke up. Bruce came with food. I ate an apple. Then Bruce got in bed and cuddled with me. Jella is asleep. Rani is sitting on the bed next to Jella and is watching her sleep. I pulled out my diary and started writing. I feel a bit better but I don’t think I can have sex in awhile. I feel depressed. Too bad there aren’t any depression drugs that are a drug to help people who are medically depressed. I feel I have to get up and go. I woke up Bruce. He followed me outside and waited patiently by the tree as I went. I also threw up. Bruce carried me inside the citadel. He laid me on the bed and cuddled next to me. I snuggled next to him. It was good to be held. I fell asleep. When I woke up, Bruce and Rani were fighting David. He got in the compound again.  Bruce and Rani are blocking his way. I could lip-read David telling them about me pregnant with his child. 
David: "She's pregnant with my child!"
Rani: "Like the depths! It's Bruce's child!"
Give me a break. I’m already pregnant.  I’m feeling cranky and my ankles hurt. They feel swollen. A Mesan’s Curse came by and hauled David by the ear out of the citadel. I keep wondering how David got inside the compound.  I asked Bruce how he got inside the compound. Rani explained that David have the power to turn invisible and can walk unseen by Mesan’s Curse. It explains why David has been getting in here. Rani restrained Bruce. Bruce looked furious. I went outside and threw up. I went behind a tree and felt someone grab me by the neck. Bruce came out of the citadel with Rani. I felt David’s hands on my neck. Both Bruce and Rani froze as they watched David haul me out of the compound. I felt David’s hands away from my neck. I turned around and found a Mesan’s Curse cutting David’s head off. It was very gross and disgusting. Bruce and Rani dug a grave and dumped David down the grave. I thanked the Mesan’s Curse for saving my life. He nodded his head. I went behind a tree and threw up. I think I might be having triplets. I don’t know. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


July 20, 2384
Dear Anne,
 

 I think I might be having triplets or twins. I don’t know.  I’m feeling a little tired. I didn’t sleep well last night. I kept waking up due to the lightening storm. Bruce slept besides me. We slept spoon fashion. I woke up to get up and look outside the window. It was raining out. The rain was a little hard. I put my diary under my pillow and went outside in the rain. I saw Bruce. He picked me up and carried me back inside the citadel. We caught Jella reading my diary. She apologized. Bruce wasn’t happy about that.  He went back outside to get some food for Jella and me. He brought fruit. We ate the fruit. I noticed that Jella seemed confused when she read my diary. It was like she couldn’t read my handwriting or the language. I write pretty neat but a little sloppy. I write pretty fast. I went back to sleep. I don’t know what Bruce did while I was asleep. I felt someone try to take my diary from my pillow. I woke up to see Rani. I was annoyed. I told him that my diary is not of his business. I went to my backpack and found the Edenia book. I gave it to him to read. He tried to read. The language in the book confused him. It’s in English.  Well he handed it back to me. I put the book in the backpack. I don’t know who wrote the book in the first place. The only clue is the person was a Human   I got up to look out the window and I felt pain. It stopped raining. I clutched my belly. I saw Jella who told me to go back to bed. I lay down on the bed and the pain went away. Jella thinks I had contractions. I think I might be bedridden for a while.  Bruce came and he snoozed next to me. Rani was elsewhere. I’m not sure. Jella told me to baby-sit for her baby Ranijell for her. She handed me the baby then went out the room. I hope she comes back. Bruce woke up and is holding the baby. The baby is cute. He’s walking back and forth. The baby is crying. Bruce thinks walking back and forth might help the baby fall asleep. I hope Rani and Jella come back soon.  Jella and Rani came back. They had a smug look on their faces. I think they had sex. I’m not sure. Jella’s clothes looked a little ripped a bit. I think they did have sex. I’m not sure. I don’t know.  I asked them for their last name. Jella wouldn’t tell me. She told me to name one of the babies after David. I asked her why. She told me he save our lives from the Sakul.  Bruce handed them back Ranijell. I stayed in bed. I think I might be having twins. Jella examined me. She thinks I’m having twins. Bruce went to get food. He got some vegetables and I ate in bed. I think I’ll be bedridden for awhile. It was very nice. I feel I have to throw up. I think I’ll go outside and sit besides a tree. 

	From,
	Elizabeth


July 21, 2384
Dear Anne, 

Yesterday I went outside and sat besides a tree. I didn’t throw up. I fell asleep besides the tree. I woke up in the morning with a blanket on me. Bruce had his head on my lap. He had a hand on my abdomen. I’m sure I’m having twins.  Jella came out of the citadel. I asked her how long my pregnancy would last. She explained that the average Amula pregnancies last one week. I'm shocked but I’m curious on how long is one week. At least I don't have to wait nine months to have the babies.   I could have the babies any time now.  Bruce got me some food from the garden. I ate it then I threw up. Bruce carried me inside the citadel. I found Jella lying on the bed nursing Ranijell. I felt some pains. I complained to Jella. She thinks I’m in labor. I had a powerful urge to push. Jella handed the baby to Rani and helped me take my clothes off. The labor was hard. It wasn’t that painful. Jella helped me give birth to two twin boys David and Daniel Arkov. I had to change into my Wolf form to give birth to the babies.  David was born first then Daniel. Jella told me to use the last name Kellar. I told her our last name was Arkov. She spoke her last name was Kellar too. Whoa. I don’t believe this. Wow. Jella insisted that we drop the last name Arkov and keep Kellar. I asked her why. She explained that Arkov is a Human name.  Bruce and I conversed in sign language and decided to keep her suggestion. Jella asked us about our hand language. I explained it’s a way for the deaf to communicate. She seemed surprised.  I’m a little tired. Bruce is holding the babies and is rocking them. I fell asleep. I had a good morning.  I’m sure the babies are hearing.  I woke up with a bad headache.  I dreamed that I was in a room with white walls all around. I was lying on a bed. Beings with hoods were poking and prodding me. I fell asleep and then woke up an hour later. I saw Bruce on the floor asleep. I think he fell out of bed. Rani was examining Bruce. I asked what was wrong with Bruce. Rani explained Bruce fell out of bed complaining of having a headache. I told Rani I had a headache too. It’s a little bad. Rani told me he and Jella have headaches too. I got up and looked out the window. I could see several people with pitch forks enter the compound. There were twenty people. They acted like they were in a trance. I told Jella and Rani that. I grabbed my babies and held them. Bruce got up and stood near the door. The people with pitchforks entered the citadel. Bruce’s eyes flared yellow. Several Mesan’s Curse stood near the door entrance with their swords drawn. The pitchforks people entered the room we were in. Bruce knocked several pitchforks from their hands. The people were knocked out. The Mesan’s Curse whacked them on the head with their swords. Bruce and Rani punched them in the face. We all are still having headaches. I started hearing voices telling me to kill someone. I complained to Bruce that. He told me he was hearing voices too. We told Jella and Rani that. Rani and Jella confirmed that they were hearing voices too. The voice spoke of sadness. I think. It reminded me of my father's voice. I don't know.  Rani picked up a pitchfork and attacked Bruce with it. Bruce knocked him out. Jella was ashamed in his behavior. The Mesan’s Curse told us that we were immune to the High Council’s mind walking power. The voices stopped talking in my head. I told Bruce that. He told me the voices stopped too. Bruce went over and knocked Jella out. She was acting strangely like trying to get a pitchfork.  I examined the people there were twenty besides Rani and Jella. There were ten women and ten men. I wonder how Bruce and I are immune to the High Council’s mind walking power. I asked the Mesan’s Curse. They told us in sign language that our deafness makes ourselves immune to the mind walking power.  Well Bruce and I moved to another room. We left the others lying on the floor. It's been hours since the twenty were knocked out. I'm babysitting for Jella's baby Ranijell. I think her pregnancies here are fast. I noticed that Jella is putting on weight. Bruce and the Mesan’s Curse are busy knocking them out. David and Daniel are asleep on another bed. I needed the quiet time. It’s a good thing I can't hear. I suspect that this High Council who ever they are is very determined to kill us off. I really hope not. I can't wait for Jella to wake up. Bruce brought her in the room and laid her on the bed. A Mesan’s Curse is watching her. I put Ranijell next to her and undid her top. The baby is sucking her chest must be hungry. I look over at David and I could see he's asleep. There are differences in both babies. I can tell which one is David and which one is Daniel by their eyes. David has blue eyes like mine. Daniel has green eyes like his father Bruce. Both babies have a shock of brown hair. I'm surprised that there is brown hair. I'm surprised I don't know where they got the brown hair. No one in my family has brown hair. Both of my parents have blonde hair. Luke's hair is black. I think David hair was brown. Maybe that’s how they got the brown hair. I don't know. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


July 22, 2384
Dear Anne,

I woke up to see Jella. Jella woke up with a headache. She woke up clutching her head. Then she stopped clutching her head.  I noticed that she's putting on more weight pretty fast. I asked her how long do pregnancies last. She told me a week or less is the average for a pregnancy last. I'm very surprised. I think David fathered the twins. I don't know. I'm still not sure. Rani came to our room. He apologized for trying to attack me. Attack me? He was attacking Bruce not me. The other people, Human in appearances were not really Wolves. The Mesan’s Curse I saw hauled them out of the compound. The Mesan’s Curse told me in sign language that the people attacking us had removable tattoos on their arms. The High Council wanted to blame the attack on us on them. About eighteen of the fakes were hauled out. Two were the real deal. They woke up in bed and introduced themselves as Lana and Lorne Getwell. What a funny last name.  Lana looked like she was pregnant. I think she's expecting a baby.  By the end of the week both Lana and Jella will have their babies? Jella went into labor and had a baby girl named Annie.  I wonder where they got the Annie name. I think it is very weird. I also have to get used to seeing pregnancies growing fast instead of nine months here it takes about less than a week to create a baby. I told Jella about the other races having babies fast. She explained that only Amula have babies in less than a week. As for the Humans, who have their babies in a matter of weeks which means Maureen might already have her baby. I feel sad about that. I feel sad that I won't see her again. She was a nice friend I ever had. I like her. Lana is pregnant. She showed me her belly. She's hoping for twins. She envies me. Lorne was short about my height. Lana is taller about Rani's height. I don’t have much to add. Due to the excitement I didn’t eat any lunch. I'm hungry. I fed the twins and burped them. They fell asleep on the bed. Bruce is watching them. I'm sitting next to a tree watching Rani pull weeds from the garden. Lorne is helping him. Those weeds keep growing and growing, that their not the only thing that grows fast around here.  Jella came out to tell Lorne that Lana was in labor. We all ran inside the citadel. I told Lorne about calling the building the Citadel. Lorne likes the name.  Lana had a baby girl named Lorana Getwell. The baby had blond hair. Lorne and Lana have red hair. Rani and Jella have brown hair. Annie and Ranijell have blonde hair. Bruce has been giving me looks. I think he wants sex with me. We got in an argument. Bruce wanted more kids. I argued that having twins was enough.  Bruce stormed out of the citadel with his eyes blazing yellow. I went to bed and watched the twins sleep. I think Bruce is attacking the trees. Lorne looked out the window and asked me why Bruce was attacking the trees. I told him it was Bruce's way of blowing his temper and getting rid of his anger. Lorne told me I should have more kids with Bruce. He added that more kids would help make the population grow. I went outside and had sex with Bruce. We used a tree to do this. It was very interesting. I'm sure I'm pregnant because I'm putting on weight. I think the baby will be born by tomorrow. I wonder what name I should call it.  I think I'm not having twins. I think its one baby.  I can't wait to feel it move in me. It'll be a nice experience. 

	From,
	Elizabeth


July 23, 2384
Dear Anne,

I'm a little bit big. The baby is one baby. Jella felt me and examined me and told me it was one baby.  I'm excited about that. I can't wait to see the baby. 
Jella just told me that it's nearly time for me to go in labor. I thought I had a week of pregnancy. It doesn't make sense at all. I really hope labor isn't hard but okay. I suspect that David fathered the twins. I told that to Bruce. He agrees too. The twins will carry the last name Kellar for the rest of their lives. Our baby will have Bruce's last name. I told that to Jella. She suggested that we pick a last name for the baby like they picked Visser for Annie. I asked her if Visser was her last name too. She confirmed it wasn't she told me that her last name was Ulian.  I asked her if any of her ancestors were named Susanna. She confirmed this. I think she is Sue's descendant. I tried telling her about the gateway Bruce and I went through. She told me it was forbidden for anyone to talk about the gateways. I think if it’s a boy I plan to name it Bruce after the father. I also plan to name it Susanna if it was a girl. Jella and I discussed names. A Mesan’s Curse came by and told me if the baby was a boy, name it Duncan if boy and Gina if girl. The being wouldn't explain why he gave me the names. I tried asking them that but they refused to tell me. Breakfast was fruit. I'm getting a little tired of writing what I eat in here. It's boring. Yawn. I'm a little tired. I tried to fall asleep but Jella wouldn't let me sleep. She told me that women have died falling asleep before having the baby. Labor was painful but I ignored the pain and pushed out a baby boy Duncan.  Bruce was jumping up and down full of happiness. Jella helped me push the baby out. The baby had black hair and brown eyes just like Luke. Bruce was so happy. I was so happy too. I think my chest is full of milk. It grew a bit. I think I'm a little too big in the chest area. I now have three babies to feed.  Bruce showed off Duncan to his brothers. Both David and Daniel stared at Duncan while in their wolf form. The twins have been in their wolves form for a while. I wonder why.  I don't have much to add. I'm nursing Daniel and David. Once their finished I'll nurse Duncan. Jella came by and nursed Duncan for me. It was nice of her. Ranijell looks a little bigger. I asked her how long do Amula live. Jella told me she didn't know. She heard that they live to be one hundred or more.  I'll be very old then. I finished feeding the twins. I'm surprised that our pregnancies lasted hours instead of months.  There's a relief of not having to wait nine months.  I fed Duncan. Whose idea was to name him Duncan? I wonder where the being got the name. Hmph. Bruce is full of joy. He's holding Duncan. David and Daniel are playing with each other in their wolf forms. I ate some dinner. Jella wants me to stay in bed. I plan to stay in bed for awhile. I feel tired from the pushing. I'm a little drained. The food helped me pep me up. I went outside and threw up. I wonder why. Jella saw me throw up. She examined me and said I was sulfuring from eating too much fruit and not enough vegetables.  I'm not very fond of eating vegetables. I'm interested in fruit such as apples, bananas, dates and oranges. The vegetables are tomatoes, green beans, and broccoli. I don’t mind the green beans and the broccoli. I do mind eating tomatoes and lettuce. I'm not very fond of them. I went back inside the citadel. Both twins were crying it was feeding time. I feed them again. They seem to be very hungry. It was very interesting having babies suck your chest. The feeling is weird. I can't explain it. Both babies went to sleep after sucking me. Jella is nursing Ranijell and Annie. Bruce is holding Duncan. I rather call him Bruce Junior instead of Duncan. Where did they get the name Duncan anyway? It sounds Irish. I'm a little tired. I think I'll go to bed now. Oh I'm in bed. I meant go to sleep now. I'm tired. I had a long day. I can't believe my pregnancy lasted hours. It was amazing. I wonder will pregnancies last hours for other races? I don't know. Oh well. Good night.

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


July 24, 2384
Dear Anne,
 
 Jella woke me up to tell me Duncan was crying. It was feeding time for him. After feeding him I left him on Bruce. He fell asleep on his father.  Daniel and David are on a bed playing with each other in again their wolf forms, cute. I'm surprised that the twins are doing that. I'm a little tired. I'm surprised that Jella didn't wake me up very early to have me feed the babies. I guess the twins are satisfied being fed now. I wonder do they grow so fast and reach adulthood in a year or not? I ought to ask Jella. I looked over at Jella. She's asleep. Ranijell and Annie are sucking her chest. I can't believe she can sleep during that. 
 	What a long day. Lana went in labor and had a baby boy named Lan. I hope she doesn’t get pregnant again. Jella gave them a lecture about not having more clothes for the babies.  The citadel has clothes for babies and some cloth diapers. David and Daniel smelled. I checked them and had to clean their diaper. It was disgusting. Then Bruce handed me Duncan said he smelled. I checked his diaper and had to clean it. It was disgusting. I'm disgusted. That's one thing I hate about babies is cleaning their diapers and wiping that crap off of them. Yuck. I fed David and Daniel then Duncan. I think one of my boobs is a little bigger than the other. I'm not sure. I left the babies on Bruce. Bruce is asleep. I think he was up late. I wandered around the compound. Several Mesan’s Curse stood around chatting to each other by their hands and I saw one teaching two some sign language. They were standing around and learning Sign language. I asked one of them whose idea was to give my son the name Duncan. They wouldn't tell me. One told me that the name is not important. He explained that he'd play an important part in the future. I have a feeling that they can see the future.  I don't know. Oh well. I wandered back inside the citadel. I saw Bruce rocking Duncan. He was crying. He stopped crying when I held him. I guess the baby missed me. Then Lana went in labor. I went to get Jella and found her in a room with Rani. They were kissing each other on the lips. I interrupted them to tell them about Lana. Jella and I assisted Lana in the birth. The baby came out safely. Duncan wound up snoozing on Bruce. Bruce is staring at the twins on another bed. The twins are playing a kicking in the leg game in their Human forms. I find that funny. It is very weird. I wonder why they're kicking each other in the legs. I don't know.  I'm a little bored. I wonder if we could go back to the town and get a boat and sail to another continent. It might be nice.  Jella is on anther bed with her babies. Lana is sleeping with her babies. He husband Lorne is staring at her. I'm hope they follow Jella's advice and not have more babies. We're fast running out of clothes for the babies. I think it might be awhile before we move from here. I want to wait until the babies are older. I really do wonder when we leave here. I don't know. I think I'll go back to sleep. I'm tired. I think the babies might wake me up in the morning crying to be fed. 
 
	Yours,
	Elizabeth


July 25, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 Jella woke me up. The twins were crying. I fed them. They stopped crying. I left them on a bed. I can't believe I was nearly right about them crying early in the morning.  I think I should go back to sleep now. I fell asleep and Jella woke me up again. It was Duncan who was crying. I fed him. Then I left him on Bruce. Bruce is awake staring at Duncan. Duncan is asleep. The twins are on a bed snoozing. I think Jella maybe tired too. I don't know. I fell asleep again.  Bruce woke me up. It was lunch time.  Lana and Lorne left their babies and went somewhere in the compound. I went outside after lunch to see Lana and Lorne leave the compound door open and close it. The Mesan’s Curse weren't around. I wonder why Lana and Lorne are leaving their babies here.  I went to check on their babies in their room in the citadel. I found no babies. I went outside to the compound doors. A Mesan’s Curse appeared and wouldn't let me open the door. He told me it was not safe for me to leave. I told him about seeing Lana and Lorne leave. The being told me in sign language that it was time for them to leave. He explained that Bruce and I would know when it's time to leave.  I wandered back to the citadel and told Bruce what happened to Lana and Lorne leaving with out their babies.   Bruce told me he saw a Sakul in their room. The Sakul threw him against the wall and knocked him out. It explains why I found Bruce asleep in front of their room. I suspect the Sakul have been stealing babies. I think its natural parents raise no baby. I suspect the Sakul are stealing babies. I hope our babies won't be taken away. Bruce and I left our babies under the care of Jella and Rani. We went to a tree and were kissing. I got a weird feeling to be with my babies. We ran in the citadel. Inside our room I saw Rani fighting with a Sakul. Rani was losing. The Sakul saw us and went through the wall like it was a ghost. Bruce looked out the window and saw the Sakul leave the compound. Jella looked upset and I asked her why using my voice. She explained a Sakul took Annie and Ranijell. I don't believe this. A Mesan’s Curse came and told Jella and Rani to leave. We bid them bye and they left the compound. I wonder where they're going. There aren't any places safe for them to stay. I wonder where we can go. I'm worried that the Sakul might steal our babies. I don't know. I'm not sure. I guess Bruce and I could go back to town and hang around. With Jella and Rani gone it's going to be harder to sleep. We have to take shifts to make sure the babies aren't crying to be fed. I'm in my room with the babies on the other bed. I noticed that Duncan is bigger than the twins. The twins seem to be smaller than Duncan. I went to look out the window and I could see Bruce pulling weeds in the garden. The garden is looking well. Oh Duncan is crying. I think he wants to be fed. Which reminds me what the depths is the smell? 
The smell was David. I cleaned his crap off of him with a leaf. It is disgusting. Duncan was crying to be fed. 
Well our day went sour. Several Sakuls came and knocked Bruce out unconscious. One Sakul pinned me to the wall. I could only watch in horror as they took the twins and Duncan. The Sakuls disappeared and I woke up Bruce. He has a bump on the head. A Mesan’s Curse came by and told us in sign language that it was time for us to leave. I asked them where we could go. They told us to figure it out ourselves. I suggested going back to the town Bruce and I just left. A Mesan’s Curse told us to take the river route instead and led us to the smallest of the buildings where the hidden staircase was. The Mesan’s Curse led the way down the stairs. There were lights built in the wall. Down the stairs we went round and round left. Bruce and I followed him to the end of the stairs revealing an ancient boat on a river next to a dock. I saw yellow eyes on the opposite of the river. I started getting headaches. I complained to Bruce about having a headache. He told me he had a headache too. The Mesan’s Curse told us to the river current will sail us to the ocean. Bruce and I got on the boat and bid him bye. We sailed in the boat under the caves to the opening. The ceiling was like the ceiling of the citadel. Bruce fell asleep. I sat next to Bruce and stared at the cave. On my left were yellow eyes in the walls. On my right were bright flashes of light. I wonder what's with the light. Intuition told me to put my diary in a hidden pocket in my pant leg. It was a good thing because I think we were betrayed. The boat came out of the cave. A net fell on us. It woke up Bruce. The net got us tangled. There were people on the river bank. I saw Christian among them. There was a look of pity in his eyes. The people hauled us to the river bank. They put metal collars on our necks attached to chains. They led us in our Wolf forms to town. The townspeople threw food at us. Christian led us to a cave and closed the gate behind us. The cave was small which I was sitting next to the fence. I'm sure the fence is electric. There aren't any guards.  Bruce got his hands shocked by the electric fence. Poor Bruce. I better hide this Diary. I have the Edenia book hidden in anther pocket. 

	Yours,
	Lizzie


 									July 26, 2384
Dear Anne,

 I had a hard time sleeping because of having headaches. It was awful. I started hearing voices telling me to kill someone. I was too embarrassed to complain to Bruce. This morning, Maureen came by with food. Food was milk and bread. I asked her about her baby. She doesn't look pregnant. Maureen told me it was forbidden for her to talk to me. She signed that she had a baby girl named Elizabeth. Then Maureen left us. Bruce and I ate the bread and drank the milk. I feel sleepy. I think the food and drink was drugged. Bruce is asleep with his head in my lap. I'm still up. I think I better hide this diary and keep it from being in their hands. 
 
	Yawn,
	Elizabeth

July 27, 2384 
Dear Anne,

 I woke up on a bed chained. I have no idea what day it is. I saw a calendar on the wall. It was old. There were days crossed off. I saw it was July 27. I checked my watch and found it gone. I have no idea what time it is. I feel lost. I discovered that I was naked. I don't believe this. I think I'm on a boat. There's a feeling of tipping back and forth. Bruce is chained on another bed. I could see he was asleep. I looked around the room. It has two bunk beds made out of wood. I found my diary and a book looking like the Edenia book on a bookcase along with my twentieth century stuff. I checked my backpack and tried to put on a shirt. The chains blocked my way. There was not enough room for me to pull the chains. I'm annoyed. I wonder what I am doing on a boat. I wrote in my diary. I wonder what happened to the others.  I don’t know about Bruce. He's asleep. I tried to wake him up but the chains came up short.   I'm feeling a vibration. It feels like drumming. Then there was a flash of light out of the corner of my eye. I looked and stared at a porthole. The chains let me look out the window. We seem to be down the lower decks. I could see fish from the porthole. I went back to bed and covered myself with a blanket. I can't believe someone would read my diary. I really hope not. I wonder where we're going. Maureen came in the room with food and our coveralls. She woke up Bruce and undid our chains. We put on our coveralls. I put my diary and the Edenia book in a pocket. As I was doing that the ship lurched to the left and I dropped the book. 
I asked Maureen why we were here. She signed that the Mesan’s Curse admitted to putting knock out powder in our food so they could haul us to the ship. I asked Maureen where is her baby Elizabeth. She got somber. She told us that Sakul stole her baby. I tried to tell her about my pregnancies. She refused to hear it.  She gave us food. The food was bread and milk. She left the room. I went to the door and tried to open it. I only got it to a crack because of a chain holding the door. I looked out the hallway. I could see gray. The room's walls were made out of gray material. There was a bookcase with books. I pulled one out and tried to read it. The language was foreign. It was hard. I put the book back and sat on the bunk bed. I looked at my diary and discovered it was a little smudged. I think several people read it. I don't know. I'm glad I have my pens. I'm annoyed that I don't have my watch. There is a ventilator in the wall. It's pumping white smoke. Bruce is panicky. He thinks its knockout gas. I'm gagging. I undid the collar of my coverall and felt the air is making me sleepy. Bruce is asleep on the lower bunk on the bunk bed next to me. I'm also on the lower bunk. I think I better hide my journal. I hope we get a chance to explore the ship. It might be nice. 
I woke up with my watch on my right arm. I'm right handed so I prefer to wear my watch on my left wrist. I'm on the bed. My right hand is chained to the bunk bed. Bruce's left hand is chained to his bunk bed. I feel I have to go. I hope there's a ladies room on the ship.  Maureen came and I asked her about the bathrooms. She handed me a pan and told me to go. I undid my coverall and underwear and went. Maureen turned her back to give me privacy. She took the pan out the hallway and came back in the room without the pan. She woke Bruce up. She told us we're on a ship sailing to another continent. I asked Maureen about exploring the ship. Maureen told us it wasn't a good idea. She was told to tell us that we have to stay in the room. I asked her how many days by boat it will take us to the continent. Maureen told us about a month. Wow. I asked her if they had baby stuff in case Bruce and I have sex. Maureen told us in sign language that it was a bad idea. They didn't have baby stuff aboard. Maureen stopped and touched her wrist watch. I think it was a watch. She spoke something 
I lip read her saying "Their both up and awake. What do want me to do?" 
She stopped talking then looked at me and then she turned around and left the room. I went to write in here. The light is dimming. I don't know why. But I think I'll go to bed now. I'm tired. Yawn.
 
	Yours,
	Eliza


July 28, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 Maureen woke me up. I asked her why we were chained. She explained that it was to keep us from having sex. They don't have a thing for babies. She keeps reminding Bruce and me that. Then she left the room. Christian came with Maureen. Maureen interpreted what Christian told us about staying in the ship for a month. We were to stay in the room. There were people aboard who did not like us. They think we're going to the continent to be punished for crimes. Christian reminded us not to have sex. I made a joke by asking for a condom. Maureen and Christian were confused. I explained about condoms the best I could. Maureen and Christian got the joke. Bruce was confused about condoms until I explained them.  Maureen and Christian left the room. I went back to bed. Oh I forgot to ask them to teach me how to read the foreign language books. I can't wait. It'll be interesting.  I think I'll go back to sleep. Bruce is on the other bed asleep. Hmm, Maureen and Christian didn't leave any food for us. I hope their not starving us. I went back to sleep. 
Maureen woke me up again. She gave me food which was the same, bread and milk to drink. She woke up Bruce and left him food and drink then she left the room. I'm got up from the bed and stood after eating from the pan. The bread is in milk. The bread is quite soggy. I'm annoyed. I can't believe there is milk on the ship.  I can't wait for the ship to reach the continent. I'm excited. I really can't wait.  Bruce and I talked about having sex once our chains were off. We talked in sign language. I told Bruce that it was best we wait until we're off the ship to have sex. Bruce agreed with me. He pulled the book from the bookcase and is trying to read it. I can't wait for someone to teach me the foreign language. I stamped on the floor and bruised my foot. Maureen came with a book and food. She explained the book would teach us how to read the foreign language in the books in the bookcase then she freed our chains. She told us not to have sex. She made us promise.  Bruce and I read the book and discussed it. It explained the language. The Language is like Japanese. A person reads up and down not sideways. We're taking a break from the book. Bruce is nuzzling my neck. I'm trying to write in here. I reminded Bruce about our promise to Maureen. I don't want to be punished for this. I slapped Bruce on the cheek. Bruce wasn't happy. I told him about our promise to Maureen not to have sex. Maureen told us that they didn't have anything for babies here.  Bruce and I finished the book. It helped us read the other books. Most of the books were like the books I read in the twentieth century. Bruce was fascinated. He started reading one book and he's so engrossed that he ignored me when I waved at him. I think it's a good idea for him to read. It'll get his mind off having sex. I can't wait to have sex. I can't wait for Maureen to come and I could have some girl's talk.  Maureen came to see how we were doing. I signed her about how I was feeling. Maureen told me to come with her. I left Bruce engrossed in reading a book. We went outside the room to the hallway. We went to another door to another room. The room seemed to be a medical bay. It had three beds with monitors on them.  Maureen told me to lie on the bed.  I picked a bed and lay down. Metal arms scanned me and prodded me with pinpricks.  After that I stopped feeling on fire. I told Maureen that. She explained I was giving a birth control drug that seemed to work. I told her to give some to Bruce. She explained it only works on females when they're in heat. It doesn't prevent pregnancy.  Maureen took me back to the room. I found Bruce still engrossed in reading a book. I asked Maureen how long will the ship trip last. She told me by the speed it was going about a week or less than that. Oh really then why did she say a month which she ignored my question. She added there's a chance they might knock some Amula out. I asked her who the others were. She clammed up and wouldn’t tell me. She left the room in a hurry. I went to the bed and lay down. Bruce is still reading a book. He's engrossed. He ignored my waves. I think it's a good thing. My head itches. I have white stuff under my nails. Some of the white stuff seemed to be moving. I think I better go to the door and yell.  I went to the door and yelled that I got lice. Christian came and saw my head. He examined my head and confirmed I got lice. Then he took me to the medical bay. As a result all of my blonde hair was shaved off. Maureen got Bruce from his book and shaved his hair too. I'm surprised that they don't have any shampoo for lice. I don't believe this.  Maureen told us to stay in the medical bay while they inform the captain. Bruce wanted to explore the ship. I told him the ship might be booby-trapped to keep us from exploring. He took my suggestion lightly.  He looks funny being bald. We laughed at each other. I really can't wait for my hair to grow. Just my luck my hair will probably grow fast like pregnancies too. Maureen came back with Jella. She examined my head and Bruce's head. The she told Maureen that we were fine. They gathered up the hair on the floor and carried it in a bag out of the medical bay. Christian came by and gestured for us to come along. We followed him back to our room. I pulled out my diary. Bruce went back to his book. I can see him touching his head. I can't wait for my hair to grow. It's a good thing there aren't any mirrors. I'm glad about that. I'm not fond of seeing my bald self.  Maureen came by and told Bruce and I to go to the medical bay. I had to drag Bruce to the medical bay. He sat on the bed. I sat in his lap. He ignored me and read the book.  I got off his lap and sat on a bed. There's smoke coming from the ventilators. I loosen my collar. The air is making me sleepy. I think I'll look out the porthole.

	Yours,
	Elizabeth

August 12, 2383
Dear Anne, 

I found someone wrote the date in my diary. I wonder why. I'm in a white square room. Three walls are curtained. The fourth wall has monitors. I'm feeling there's a camera. I'm not sure. But I'm sure there is a camera. I'm wearing my coverall. My journal was next to me on the bed. I opened it and found the date in it. I think it was nice of someone to write the date in it. I checked my head. There's some hair. I wonder if I could get up and wander around. I got up and felt dizzy so I sat down. I still felt dizzy so I lay down. I don't know why I'm feeling dizzy. It is very weird. I think someone read my diary. The pages are a little crooked with folded tabs.  Someone left a clock on the monitor. The clock says 6pm and so does my watch. I got up and felt a little bit dizzy I opened the curtain and I could see a curtain hallway in both directions. I moved the curtain on my right and I could see Bruce in bed reading a book. He was too engrossed to see me wave at him.  Humph I don't know who's rude, Bruce or me.  I felt a little dizzy so I lay down on the bed. I'm writing in here. I don’t know if there are any people around here. I wonder where we are. The wall looks like painted rock. The air smells like a cave. 
Then a nurse came and checked my blood pressure with a wrap around thingie that had a needle. It hurt. Ooh. The nurse was wearing a white coverall with a hat on her head. I could see that her eyes were brown. The lady examined my head. I asked her what was wrong with me. She told me I was reacting from the knockout gas. She's checking to make sure I'm fine. I asked her for her name. She wouldn’t tell me. Then the nurse left. I went to check on Bruce. I saw her trying to unzip Bruce's coverall. She left us. Bruce was annoyed that she interrupted his reading. He lost his place in the book. I told Bruce to scan each page and check them out.  Bruce checked each page and found his place. I wonder where we are. I hope were someplace nice. I think we're in a hospital. I'm not sure. It seemed to be underground. I said that already. I don't know what to do now. I'm bored. I don't have my twentieth century stuff. And to top it all I wonder where the restroom is. I have to go throw up. I feel sick again. I think I'll throw up. I threw up on the floor. I left a mess. The same nurse came back and cleaned the crap up. She handed me a pan and told me to barf in it. I asked her for the restroom. She led me down the hall to a door and opened it. It was a restroom. I threw up in the toilet. The toilet feels different from any toilet I've seen. It is very weird. I wonder where we are.  The nurse led me back to the room. She seemed to know where. There were markings on the curtains. I'm in curtain room numbering twenty one. Bruce is in curtain room numbering twenty two.  I hope Bruce finished his book soon. I felt sick so I went to sleep and woke up when I felt the nurse gave me my watch. I'm glad to have my watch back. I checked the time. It's 9pm. I wonder if I could get up and walk around? I walked around looking in curtains. Most were empty beds. There were few that had Jella and Rani. Jella looked like she was pregnant again.  Baby number three. I went down the hallway and came to door with lasers on it. I think an alarm sounded when I put my hand through the lasers. The same nurse came running. She told me to go back to bed.  I asked her why. She told me I should be resting until the doctor says its okay for me to get out of bed.  I went back to bed. I saw Bruce on my way. He finished the book and was asleep. He had dark circles under his eyes. I think he woke up and spent most of the night reading that book. I'm positive that it's a trilogy book. I checked and was shocked to see that the book was by my favorite author Beth Hoyer. Wow. No wonder Bruce was so engrossed. Bruce is asleep. The nurse came and told me to go back to bed. I'm in bed now. The bed seems hard. I wonder where we are. I have no idea.  I hope to get up soon. It's around 11pm on my watch. The clock on the monitor says 11pm. That's how I know it’s nighttime. I should be asleep. I think I'll go to bed now. I'm tired. 

Tired,
Elizabeth


August 13, 2384 
Dear Anne,

Something is wrong with the lights because their blinking. Then the lights went out when I went to sleep then woke me up by blinking. I can't wait for the bleeping blinking lights to stop blinking. I'm getting annoyed.  I got up and the nurse came. She told me it was time to eat. Eat?  The nurse woke up Bruce and took us down the hallway to a door. She opened the door and it was a cafeteria similar to the one I was in on Edenia. There weren't many people around. I saw Maureen, Christian, Jella, and Rani there sitting at a table. They looked sleepy to me. The food was green goo and orange juice to drink. I complained about being 12am in the morning. The nurse told me it was 12pm noon. I asked her why the clock in my room says 12am. The Nurse left the cafeteria. Bruce fell asleep after eating his food. Maureen moved his plate out of the way of his sleeping head. The nurse came back and told us it was 12am. She apologized for waking us up at this hour. She led us to our curtain rooms. Bruce followed me and sat on my bed. Bruce is nuzzling my neck. I have a feeling we'll be having sex before the hour is over. Pardon my handwriting but Bruce is kissing my arm. A Nurse came and is watching Bruce nuzzle my arm. I asked the nurse to leave. She told us that her job is to prevent sex period. I asked why Jella was pregnant. She explained that Jella already had the baby. She had a boy named Alexei Zesky. That's the name of my father! Bruce went to his curtain room to lie down on the bed. He left the curtain open so I can see him as I write.  Bruce is staring at the ceiling. The ceiling has lights implanted in them. I'm tired. I think I'll go to sleep. The nurse woke me up. Bruce and I learned her name is Francesca. She led us to the cafeteria. Food was green goo and green drink. I don't know what it is. It tastes like lima beans. Yuck. I'm not fond of lima beans. I asked Francesca when we get to leave the hospital. Francesca told me she'll have to talk to the doctor first.  Jella nursed her baby in front of us. Christian and Bruce looked away when she pulled her coverall down revealing her chest. I noticed her chest seemed to be bigger than mine. I can't believe I wrote that.  There are several things I can't believe I wrote down. My hair is coming in slowly. My hair is like a famous Irish singer. I can't wait for my blonde hair to grow back. I'm dying for hair. I can't believe I don’t have any hair on my armpits or legs. I think someone gave me some operation to remove the hair forever. I really hope so.  I'm a little tired. I'm also bored. Maureen is asleep leaning against Christian. Rani is watching Jella breast-feed the baby Alexei. I wonder where they got the name Alexei Zesky. The only reason would be my diary. They could have read it and discovered that my father's name is Alexei Zesky but I didn’t write it down till now.  I'm tired. I slept until dinnertime. Francesca came by. She gave us green goo to eat and drink. I'm getting a little sick of eating lima bean tasting foods. It's disgusting.  I felt myself on fire like I had to have sex. Francesca gave me a shot in the arm and the fire feeling went away. I felt much better. The food wasn't helpful. It made me drowsier. I think it's drugged to make us sleep. Bruce has a head on the table asleep. Maureen and Christian are asleep leaning against each other. Francesca took baby Alexei from Jella and entered a cave. I followed her and saw her give the baby to a Sakul. Then I went back to the table to sleep. I'm tired. I think I better go to sleep now. I think I can lean on Bruce and sleep. 

	From,
	Elizabeth


August 14, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 I woke up in another bed. It wasn't the hospital. I woke up to see the room I was in was wooden on all sides. There was a door leading to down stairs. I looked out the window and I couldn’t see a thing. I realized the window was covered and it was nighttime. The lights were blinking. I entered a hallway, which had three doors on both sides.  The doors were closed. Then I went down the stairs to a narrow hallway. There was a rack of pots and pans in the way of the hallway ending at a doorway. I went back to my room and found Bruce lying in bed asleep. I didn't wake him up.  I went back to sleep. Bruce woke me up by kissing me on the lips and was interrupted by a tap on our shoulders and saw Francesca. She gestured us to come with her. We followed her down the hallway and down the stairs to the pots and pans. Francesca moved the pots and pans and opened a narrow door. I had to turn to my side to walk through the door. The door led to a dinning room. The door way was next to the fire place. The house has a feel of the nineteenth century in it. The dinning room was a little large. The windows were boarded up. At the table I could see Maureen, Christian, Jella and Rani without the baby. Breakfast was rice stuff. They were like rice. Then after breakfast Francesca told us to go to our rooms. Francesca gestured for us to go through the narrow doorway. I went in first followed by Bruce, Jella, Rani and Maureen and Christian. We choose rooms and then went in them. I saw Jella and Rani enter a room. I could see that their room was like the room I woke up in. boarded up window and a brass bed. I checked the other rooms. There were boarded up windows and a brass queen-size bed. Bruce is lying on the bed staring at the wall. I'm feeling bored. There aren't any books around here besides my journal. I haven't seen the Edenia book. I wonder why we're staying in this nineteenth century house. I could feel a drumming vibration. I'm sure we're still on whatever planet it is. I don't know where we are. I hope we'll come down for lunch. I got up from the bed and went down the stairs to the pots and pans. I tried to move the pots and pans. I couldn't open the door. I could feel there was a latch. The door was seemly made out of metal. I put my ear to the door and I couldn't hear a thing. I could feel vibrations. The vibrations feel like feet walking back and forth and someone stomping. Then I felt someone slam a door. Then the door opened and I fell through. Francesca wasn't happy to see me. She scolded me and told me to go back to my room.  She slammed the door behind me. I could feel her locking the door. I wonder where we are.  I hope there's something to do besides sex. I really do.  Francesca came to bring us down for dinner. Before she came I tried to pull the nails from the boarded up window. The nails were old and the wood was old. I tried not to get any splinters. Dinner was gray goo and something gray to drink. I asked her why the windows were boarded up. She explained that it was to keep people from looking in the windows. I asked Francesca what was going on in the world. I wanted to know. She explained that there were fighting in cities. The house is far in a field alone. There are no bushes or anything around the house. Francesca added that she's looking for Lana and Lorne. She already informed the Mesan’s Curse about bringing them to here to stay. Francesca made us go up the stairs to our rooms. I can't wait to see the rest of the house. I would love to know what it looks like. The house seems nice. I'm bored. I think I'll have sex with Bruce. It'll give me something to do. I'm feeling like I'm on fire. I feel I have to have sex. 
Bruce and I had oral sex. It helped our cravings for each other. It was nice to have someone sucking my chest. I miss having that feeling. I'm sure my milk is gone. I'm not sure.  Bruce is asleep next to me. He had a hand on my private part. I don’t mind his hand there. It's very pleasant. I think I'll go to sleep now. The fireplace is on. There's a light from the fireplace. The light is making the room an orange glow. I feel relaxed. I'm a little tired. I think I’ll go to sleep now. 

	Satisfied,
	Elizabeth 


August 15, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 	I woke up when I felt sunlight on me.  Bruce undid the boarded window and is peeking out the window. I got up and looked. I could see a field with trees at the edges. Francesca came with hammer. She hammered the wood back in place. Then she told us not to have sex or pull the window open. I feel we have no choice but to breathe stuffy air. There seems to be air conditioning. I felt the wall and I could feel a ventilator.   Bruce was nuzzling my neck. Then he's kissing it. I have a feeling we'll be having sex before we know it. I think Bruce can't help being bored too.   Francesca came and handed us six books. Three were another trilogy by Beth Hoyer. One was the Edenia book, one was a notebook material and the other book was another notebook. I checked the notebooks. One was a biography book on Sue's life in the twentieth century and her life on Terra. The other was an autobiography book on Sue.  She and Sean had two kids, Sharon and Brandon. Kurt paid her child support payments of three hundred credits a week. Wow. It's like a divorce.  The book talked about her being a perfectionist. It was interesting learning about Sue. I'm very shocked to learn that she lived to be one hundred years old before death. Her husband Sean lived to be ninety. One of her grandchildren is named Elizabeth. I think its fine. As for the baby Kurt fathered, she had a baby boy named Sean. Bruce is reading book number two in the Hoyer Trilogy book. I'm still reading the autobiography book.  I think I stop writing and read more about Sue. I'm surprised that there's a book on Sue.  Francesca came to bring us downstairs to the dinning room. Jella looks like she's pregnant again. I asked her if she was pregnant. She told me she wasn't. I think she's lying. Francesca glared at her.  Lunch was yellow goo and yellow drink. I asked Francesca for the bathroom. She led me up the stairs in the narrow hallway to a door and opened it. It was a bathroom with a shower stall. There was a twentieth century feel to the bathroom. There were towels in a closet in the bathroom. I rejoined the group for lunch. Jella is pregnant. She went into labor. The baby is a boy named Jelly. What a weird name. Francesca took the baby and went out of the room. She came back with out the baby. I wonder where the baby? I think we're not the only ones in the house. I suspect there are cameras. I'm feeling cameras in the room. I think we're being watched. I can't explain it. It's giving me a creepy feeling. After lunch Rani carried Jella to their room. Their room is across the hallway from Bruce and me's room. Bruce is reading book number two. I'm almost through the book. I hope to finish it soon. I'm taking a break from reading it. I'm a little bit bored. I feel I'm on fire. I have to have sex with Bruce. I got to tear him away from the book. Maybe Francesca could give me something for the fire feeling.  Bruce ignored my sexual advances on him. He was so engrossed in the book. I undid his pants. Francesca came with a needle gun. She told me she has something for my cravings. She gave me a shot and my fire like feeling went away. I felt much better. Then I read more about Sue. They finally mentioned she was born on Earth and about her catching a disease from Kurt and being put to sleep until cured. I'm surprised about this. It was very interesting. I finally finished the book. Bruce is halfway through the Hoyer trilogy. Bruce finished the book. His eyes are flaring yellow. I can't figure out how he does that. I asked him in sign language why his eyes were like that. He explained he smelled smoke. Oh boy. I wonder what the heck is going on. I undid the boarded up window. I looked outside to see people on the field. They were shooting laser guns and killing each other. Ugh. I put the board back on the window. It was disgusting. Maureen came and told us to come with her. I put my diary in my pocket. We followed her out the room. She knocked on Jella and Rani's door. No answer. The she opened the door. The board was off the window. The glass looked like it was smashed. We looked out the window to see Jella and Rani running into the forest. Maureen brought us downstairs to the dining room. We entered the room to meet guns aimed at us. Men in military fatigues stood aiming their laser guns at us. We put our hands up. The men hauled us outside. Bruce's eyes flared yellow. I don't know about my eyes. The men shot Bruce in the heart with a laser gun. It seemed to do nothing to Bruce. He only flinched. Then they shot me in the heart and it didn't do a thing to me. The gun stings ouch. The men tied our hands behind us. Then they hauled the both of us to a horse drawn cart. The cart looked like it was made in the nineteenth century.  Bruce and I were forced onto the cart. I looked behind to see men in military fatigues shoot Christian and Maureen in the chest with their laser guns. I think Maureen and Christian are dead. I saw them fall to the ground. I feel very sad. I can't believe it. The cart was driving by a military man who drove the cart to town. The town was similar to the town Bruce and I stayed on the other continent. In the distance I could see crystal spires. I'm sure this planet is not Terra.  The buildings looked like they were made out of wood. It was like a nineteenth century western town. 
The cart stopped in front of the building that said "Jail".  
The building was two stories tall. They undid our ropes and then hauled us in separate cells. The jail was a big room with a hallway full of six jails on both sides. The rooms were metal bars and a window outside.  Bruce and I got back to back jails. Bruce's eyes stopped flaring yellow. We were given bread and water to eat. I ate pretty fast. Bruce and I signed to each other. A man wearing a black pants and brown turtleneck top watched us. I'm sure he tried to get our attention. I waited until he left to pull out my diary. I started writing in here. Bruce is reading one of the books he has on him. He hid it on himself. I wonder will we get out of here. I feel that Jella and Rani are lucky that they escaped. The guard is back. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth




August 16, 2384
Dear Anne, 

I can't sleep. There's light from the office shining and light from outside the shining. Bruce is leaning against his bars in his cell. He's pulling and yanking the bars. I wonder why we are here. The Guard as I mentioned came back and got our attention. He gave us papers with notes on it. We're being charged for the murder of three people Francesca O’Conner, Maureen Kingly and Christian Kingly. Hmph. I think the guy was right when he told us about Amula being blamed for crimes we didn't commit.  The note added we are being hanged at noon tomorrow. 
Today is tomorrow. I have a few hours to live. I wonder if I could sleep. Bruce is attacking the wall. The wall is metal brick. I hope we'll be fine. I really hope hanging us won't kill us. It's a good thing they didn't search us. I would have been embarrassed if they found my diary.  I'm glad that my pockets are padded. Bruce is having no luck on the wall. He faced the ceiling and yelled. I better hide this journal before a guard shows up. I fell asleep. I woke up when I felt water splashing on my face. I woke to see the guard with a bucket. My face got wet. He woke me up at I don't know what time it is. I found my watch was gone. I think they took it. I'll miss my watch. The guard left my cell and went to Bruce and poured water on his face. It woke him up. Bruce attacked the guard who shot a laser gun at his private part area. Bruce grimaced in pain and sat on the bed. The cell has a bunk bed made out of wood. The guard left us. I'm looking out the window. I can see a house. I'm sure it's the same house I was in. The sun is quite high in the sky. What a rhyme. I think our execution is coming by. I don’t know how they'll hang us.  Bruce is reading a book. He's halfway through it. A guard came. The guard told us we're to be hanged in an hour. Oh boy.  I waited until the guard left for me to write in here. I'm very sad that my life is ending. I wonder what heaven is like. I don’t know if I could go to heaven. I hope Bruce is they're waiting for me.  Bruce is still reading the book.   I have an hour to live. I hope hanging can't kill us. I wonder what Bruce and I can do after being dead. I don’t know. I wonder what I could do about this journal. I could have someone keep it for me. I don't know.  The sun is high in the sky. There are people wearing black pants and a brown turtleneck. Bruce and I are wearing blue coveralls. I can see a ship in the sky flying by. Well the guard is here. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth

 
August 17, 2384  
Dear Anne,

I'm still alive. I can't believe it. The guard escorted us to the middle of the town. The town is like a western town. There was a hanging gallows in the middle of the town. I saw there was only one hanging stand. They led Bruce up the stand and put the noose on him. Then the guard pulled the lever and the rope holding Bruce's neck snapped in two. I looked to see a sinister helicopter ship appear above us. It fired on the gallows. The fire was like a laser beam. Bruce ran off the gallows and we ran to the woods. Several people blocked our way. They surrounded us and then the ship fired lasers at them. I heard a voice telling me to go straight ahead into the woods. I grabbed Bruce's hand and we ran to the woods. In the woods the people refused to follow us. We hid behind a tree. Bruce and I let passion consume us. We wound up having sex. I can't believe it. We lay there asleep. I woke up and it was night time. Yellow eyes surrounded us as a Sakul appeared and gestured for us to follow him. I think it was a him. We followed the Sakul up a mountain and to the top. In the moon light I could see a large valley. The Sakul led us down the mountain to a cave. We went inside the cave. The cave was similar to the cave on Edenia. There were torches lighting the cave. We reached a door. The Sakul gestured with his black clawed hand and the door opened to show a cafeteria. I saw Jella and Rani there. They waved hi. We waved hi back. I told them about seeing Maureen and Christian shot. Jella confirmed that she saw this happen too. It was very sad that it happened. Jella was nursing Jelly. Ranijell and Annie were there being babysat by Sakul. The Sakul led us to a hallway to a door and opened it. Insider was a huge cave. It was seemly vast. There were rows of cribs with babies in them. The Sakul gestured for us to follow him. My belly started getting swollen.  I'm due to give birth soon. The Sakul led us to a crib then disappeared. Inside the crib was our babies David, Daniel and Duncan. I was so happy to see them. Bruce carried the twins and I carried Duncan to the cafeteria. Jella looked happy to see us. I went in labor and Jella helped me with the birth to a baby girl. She suggested I call the baby girl Gina.  The Sakul entered a door way by going in the door like a ghost.  Then he gestured us to follow him down a hallway. Then he opened the door and showed our quarters. Our quarters were two rooms.  A living room, a bedroom and a bathroom with a shower stall. There were two cribs for the babies. The Sakul told us in our minds that he'll wake us up if the babies need us.  Bruce and I felt tired so we put the babies in the cribs, David and Daniel in one crib, Duncan and Gina in another crib.  Then we lay on the bed. I went to write in here. I'm tired. I think I'll go to bed now. I hope we can restrainourselves and not have sex. 
 
	Yawn,
	Elizabeth 


August 18, 2384 
Dear Anne,

The Sakul woke us up and told us in our minds that it was breakfast time. He also added that Gina was crying to be fed. Bruce carried the twins while I carried Gina and the Sakul carried Duncan to the cafeteria. We met the other Amula. There were Jella, Rani, Lana, and Lorne. Lana was nursing a baby.  I showed off Gina. It was nice to see them. Breakfast was green goo and green drink to drink. It tasted weird. I wonder what was in it.  I asked the Sakul babysitting Duncan if it had a name which he told me to call him Tier. Well Tier held Duncan who seemed to be content being held. Then Bruce and I carried the babies back to our room. I nursed Gina. I noticed that our room's walls were curtained with white curtains. They gave off a yellowish glow. There's a bathroom that is also curtained too. I pulled the curtain and I could see white crystal like mirrors. It was interesting seeing self. My blonde hair is growing a bit. I now have an inch of hair on my head. I saw a flash of light in the corner of my right eye and I turned to look dropping the curtain. A Sakul entered our room telling us it was time to eat lunch. I'm surprised that time went by fast. Several Sakul entered the room. Tier told us in our minds that they are here to feed the babies for us. I asked to see what they were being fed. A Sakul brought a cart with yellow goo in it. Gina started to cry so I fed her. Then we left the babies under the Sakul's care. We went to the cafeteria. I asked Jella how many babies Amula can have.  She told me that the Sakul told her that Wolf People can only have three babies and that's it. She thinks I was lucky to have twins. Lunch was goo again. I 'm dying for something else to eat like fruit.  I can't wait for my watch. I'm dying to know what time it is. I really do want to know. After lunch we went to our quarters and found our babies asleep. It was good to see them asleep. They seemed to be cute snoozing in the cribs. I feel tired so I think I'll go take a nap. I hope I'll be fine. I went to take a nap and Bruce woke me up to tell me it was dinnertime. I insisted on feeding the babies. Bruce told us it was useless. He tried feeding them while I was asleep and the babies spitted up their food. They accepted the food from the Sakul.  Dinner was pink goo. I'm getting sick of gooey foods. It's really annoying. I'm annoyed. I feel I want to go outside.  After dinner I went to see the babies and found them in the crib asleep. I even held Gina. She cried in my arms. No matter what I did I couldn't stop her from crying. I handed her to a Sakul and she stopped crying. I'm getting a feeling that the babies think the Sakuls are their parents. It explains the babies’ behavior.  I told that to Bruce. He was skeptical. I told him to hold one of our babies and see what happens. He held David who cried and cried. A Sakul appeared and David stopped crying when he saw the Sakul. Bruce put David back in the crib. Then the Sakul waved a hand and Bruce went flying backwards. He hit the wall. I put away my diary and ran to him. The Sakul told us it was time for us to be in their machines. I watched as they drilled something in Bruce's face. Then they brought the drill to my face. It hurt so I closed my eyes. The pain went away and I opened my eyes. I could feel an object on my forehead. The Sakul laid Bruce on the bed. I pulled the curtain and saw the implants from the mirror. The implants were shiny and black. They covered parts of my forehead. Then I saw a flash of light near Bruce and I dropped the curtain to look. I saw a white Sakul. The Sakul had golden eyes. It waved a white clawed hand over Bruce. He was asleep. Bruce moved and woke up and the white Sakul disappeared. Bruce felt his face. He was upset to have implants on him. I pulled the curtain and showed him the mirror. He looked and then a Sakul came and dropped the curtain. The Sakul told us not to look in the mirror again. Added we will be put in the batteries soon. I asked the Sakul about the sinister helicopters. The Sakul was confused. I tried my best to explain about them. The Sakul was still confused so I gave up. The Hood left the room.  I think I'll go to bed now. I still don't know what time it is. I think I'll try to see if I could go outside tomorrow. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


August 19, 2384
Dear Anne,

 Bruce and I went outside to and nearly had a quickie. Common sense told me not to have sex. We kissed instead. Then we left to explore the valley. There were caves in the mountains. I saw several Sakul leave the caves and enter other caves. The valley was seemly on the large side.  Bruce and I spent the afternoon exploring the valley. There was a pond, which we bathed ourselves in. The pond was in the corner of the valley. There were apple trees and banana trees. Bruce and I helped to some food. Around sunset we had a hard time finding the right cave.  A Sakul came and led us to the right cave. Inside dinner was green goo and green drink. I wonder where the Sakuls get the food. It tasted like apples to me. The babies were in their cribs asleep. One Sakul told me in sign language that the ship is being prepared for us. I'm a filled with dread about the ship. Bruce didn't look very happy about what the Sakul told us. He looked worried. I asked him what was worrying him. He explained that Mesan’s Curse indicated to him about something serious relating to the Sakul but refused to elaborate. I have a funny feeling that these Sakul aren't what they seem to be. 

	Yours, 
	Elizabeth


August 20, 2384 
Dear Anne,

 A Sakul woke us up because Gina was crying. I fed her which was weird because she only accepts food from the Sakul. Breakfast was yellow goo and orange to drink. Then Bruce and I went outside. We saw a sinister helicopter ship land in the middle of the valley. Part of the ship broke off and flew in the air. Then a Sakul told us that are the ship we'll be put inside it. I wonder what will happen to our babies. I think their in good hands. Right now the sun is high in the sky. Bruce is lying on the ground next to me. He has hand on his eyes. He seemed to be sleeping. I wonder when we'll be put in the ship. I hope the ship is like the Christa.  Lana came with implants on her face. She didn't look very happy. I asked her why. She explained she's being put in the ship with us. I wonder what's in the ship. I don't know. I'm a little excited. I wonder is the ship can be controlled by us put into it. I don't know. A Sakul came and told us that we're going to be in the ship in a few minutes.  I hope we'll be fine. I got a bad feeling about the ship. It's giving me the creeps. I feel creep out. Well I better hide this journal and carry it with me before we go in the ship. 

Yours, 
Elizabeth


August 21, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 Something went wrong. Let me explain in the beginning. Lana, Bruce and I each went in the sinister helicopter ship one at a time and passed out unconscious. The ship I saw in my mind like viewing TV went in the sky then parts of it blew up. The ship fell forward and landed on the valley floor with a thud I think. I felt myself free from it. I was suddenly thrown out of the ship with Bruce and Lana. Several Sakul came and removed the implants on Bruce and my faces. Tier came by and told us the machine doesn't work with deaf people. He suspected that.  Bruce was relieved. He looked at the ship with scorn. Another sinister helicopter ship came by and landed on the ship. Then both ships were in the air flying in the sky. Bruce and I went to our room to rest. We fell asleep. Tier woke me up to tell me it was a new day and time to feed Gina. She stopped crying to be fed.  I wonder when I'll start weaning Gina. She cried being held by me. I put her down in the crib next to Duncan. Tier came by and told me it was time to wean Gina from my milk. I suspect I'm running out of milk for Gina. My chest is seemly shrinking a bit. Bruce and I went to the cafeteria to eat breakfast. We, Amula talked about the ship rejecting us. It accepted Lana but rejected Bruce and I. I think it was because of our deafness. I'm not sure about that. Bruce looked a little relieved about not being in the ship. Bruce and I went outside with the babies. They stopped being crying and was calm being held. I held Gina and Duncan. Bruce held the twins. The babies seem to be growing a little fast. I suspect they'll be adults before the year is over. I don't know. I could be wrong. It was a beautiful day out.  The sun was shining and there isn't a cloud in the sky.  The sky was a beautiful blue color with a planet in the sky. I wonder about the planet. I do can't help wonder what planet it is. I feel happy and peaceful. Gina is crying so I fed Gina. Tier came by and told me to start weaning Gina from my milk. The babies are lying on a blanket asleep. They look so cute sleeping. I adore babies. Aw.  Bruce is lying on the ground on his side watching the babies. I'm writing in here. David and Daniel are awake and are playing a game of tag in their wolf forms. I wonder where the babies came up with that tag game. It is very funny. Haha. Gina is awake. She has blue eyes and seems to have brown hair. I can't figure out where the brown hair came from. No one in my family has brown hair except for my descendant Anna. Duncan has green eyes and brown hair too.  I think some of my ancestors probably had brown hair. I'm not sure.  Clouds are forming in the sky. The clouds look dark. I think it’s going to rain. I better put away the journal and bring the babies inside the cave. 
I pointed out the sky to Bruce. He gathered the twins and the blanket after I picked up Gina and Duncan. Both babies seemed to like being held. We went inside the cave to our quarters. Then we put the babies in the cribs. Bruce and I kissed each other on the lips then Bruce went to watch the twins kicking each other. I can't wait for the twins to talk so they could explain the kicking game of theirs.  It'll be in a year I think. I'm not sure how long Amula lives to do. I suspect we can live for a long time. Our aging seems to grow a bit slowly. The babies have seemed to get a little bit bigger. I can't wait to finish this journal.  I'm now halfway through it. I hope I'll finish it by my birthday. I asked Bruce he's birthday. He explained it was on December 10. Well I wonder where I'll be on his birthday. I guess we could have sex too. I think I can't get pregnant again. I don’t know. I could be wrong.  Tier told us that Bruce and I are going to a colony world for Amula. I hope the world is a paradise compared to here. I asked Tier if our babies could come along. Tier explained in sign language that it isn't his decision but the High Council leader Jupiter. I asked Tier who was Jupiter despite knowing a planet by that name. Tier clammed up and explained that he was their leader. Then Tier left the room. I'm excited about going to another colony world. It is very exciting. Bruce looked skeptical. 
He asked me "How are we going to the colony world if that weird ship rejected us?" 
 	His question took my excitement away. I went to write in here. Gina is crying to be fed. Tier told me to wean her. I think it's going to be hard not feeding her. I think I'm loosing milk. I've been taking showers before going to bed. I have been too tired to write about taking a shower. I think its boring old news. I took a hot shower. Bruce joined me in the shower and we washed each other on the backs. It was good to have a back rub from Bruce. Then we got a little steamy. Tier came and opened the shower stall open turning the water off. He told us in sign language to wait until we're at the colony world to try having sex.  I don't know who was rude, Tier or I. I think Tier was rude to open the shower and see us in our nude.  Tier left the bathroom. I checked on the babies. They were asleep. I think I'll go to bed now. Bruce is asleep lying next to me. I checked Gina. I started weaning her today. She seemed to be fine.  I'm tired so I'll go to bed now. Good night. 

	Yours
	Elizabeth
August 22, 2384 
Dear Anne,

Bruce and I fed the babies. The Sakul helped us. We brought them outside. It was a beautiful sunny day. A ship came from the sky and landed in the valley. The ship was like a space shuttle.  Tier came and told us the ship is taking us to another ship that will take us to the colony. I asked him about the babies. Tier explained he was sorry but Jupiter told him to leave the babies here. I'm very upset about this. Tier told us that they are willing to knock us out and ship us to the colony with or without our permission. I kissed the babies bye and entered the ship with Bruce. The ship was exactly like the ship I stayed in with Sue. I saw Rani, Jella, Lana and Lorne. They weren't happy about leaving their babies here on the planet. I guess it was the Sakuls' way of getting rid of the parents. I really hope we can have more babies. We sat in the cafeteria room, which were soft chairs with seat belts on them. We sat down and buckled ourselves in. I could feel the ship rise in the air and with a burst of power went into space. It was my first time I felt a feeling of being weightless. The shuttle had windows. I could see the planet below us and the sister planet far away. The shuttle entered a ship that seemed vast in design and shape. The shuttle entered the ship. The weightless feeling went away. I could feel the ship's engines. Then we got off the shuttle and boarded the ship. The ship was seemly on the large side. We met the crew of five people, Captain Horne Blower, second in command Anna Kingly, must be a descendant of Maureen and Christian and third in command was someone named Shiryo. I wonder does she know about Duncan and Gina I don't know. Well the other two people were Raisa Geltov and her husband Ilia Geltov. They led us to quarters. The quarters were square looking and had built in bunk beds. There was a small bathroom with a shower stall.  I took the top bunk. Bruce took the bottom bunk.  I went to explore the ship and see the command center. The command center was like on the ship I was on with Sue. It was square looking room with a big round window. There were consoles with buttons on them. They were attached to the walls.  There were four decks. The walls were gray color. I'm surprised that there is gravity.  I wandered around the ship. The captain came and told me to go back to my room and stay there I went to my room and found Bruce asleep I decided to write in here. I'm going to miss my babies. I'm sad about that. I hope I can have more children. It seems unlikely. I felt the ship move. There was a table in the room that showed an outside view of the ship. The ship entered a gated area and went fast. I felt myself thrown on the door and pinned to the wall. It was very annoying. I crawled to the bunk bed. Bruce helped me up the top bunk. I wonder how many days does it take to get to the colony?  I hope Bruce and I will be fine. I think I'll sleep now. I'm a little tired. Yawn. The lights dimmed a bit. 
 
	Yours,
	Liza


August 23, 2384 
Dear Anne,
 
Shiryo came in the room and woke us up and told us it was day two on the ship. She led us to the cafeteria.  The others were there. I could see Lana, Lorne, Rani and Jella including the ships' crew of five people I'm surprised that is takes five people to control a ship.  I asked the captain if there were Sakul aboard. The captain confirmed this. He told me that the Sakul are in the command center keeping an eye on things for him. It was nice of the Sakul.  Breakfast was more goo. I complained about the goo. Jella told me to put up with it. After breakfast Bruce and I explored the ship. It had four decks and on the first deck was the command center. There were several Sakul there. The second deck had quarters in it. The quarters were small and square looking with built in bunk beds. The third deck had the lounge room, a room that appears to be a game room, weight room and cafeteria. The fourth deck had the engine room. Then Bruce and I went to the game room. There was a ping pong game and video games. The video games were violent killing people in it. I decided not to play the games. I even had forbidden Bruce to play them. We played Ping-Pong. The game ended in a tie. Shiryo came to tell us it was lunch time. We went to the cafeteria.  There were food machines that gave off food and drink. For lunch was goo and something green to drink.  I can't wait to eat something else besides goo. It's getting disgusting. I asked Shiryo when we reach the colony. She told me in another day of eating goo yuck. I can't wait to go outside and breathe fresh air. I'm getting a little sick from breathing air that is stuffy.  Bruce and I went to the weight room to pull weights. I think I shouldn't have done that because my arms and legs hurt from pulling weights. After weight pulling was dinner. Then we played a game of Ping-Pong. Shiryo came by to tell us it was bedtime. We went to our quarters to bed. I pulled out my diary and started writing in here. Bruce asked about my life as in where I was born which I told him in Earth in a hospital in New Haven. He explained he was born on a ship and spent most of his life growing up on a ship to Terra. That is a new thing I learned about Bruce.  The lights blinked. Shiryo came in and told us it was time for bed. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


 								August 24, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 I still don't know what time it is. Shiryo woke us up. I felt tired like I wasn't refreshed.  Breakfast was goo.
 I asked the captain "Whose idea was it to eat this stuff?" 
He told me "The Sakul."
I suspect goo is part of their diet. We went to the command center after Breakfast. The Sakul opened the blast doors and showed the planet it looked like hell. It was reddish orange and appeared to have volcanoes on it.  I don't know whose idea was for us to stay there.  I asked the captain the name of the planet. He wouldn’t tell me.  We boarded a shuttle and it took us to the planet. I looked out the window in the shuttle. It is like depths to me. There was dark dirt ground with seemly dead trees, also a volcano in the distance.  I could see creatures with yellow eyes on the planet. They looked like spiny Humanoid creatures with long clawed hands. There was a forest full of trees. The shuttle landed on the ground. I could see caves and dark crystal spires in the distance. The air was different. It was very weird. A Sakul met us and gestured us to follow him. We followed the Sakul walking up a small hill and down the hill to a cave entrance. We entered the cave to a room. Air hissed in the room. The air was different from breathing the gas. The Sakul led us to a door and we entered a cafeteria. There were a lot of Sakuls there. I suspect we're on their home world. I'm not sure because they welcomed us. They showed us our quarters. The beds were bunk beds. I'm getting a little annoyed with bunk beds. I want to sleep next to Bruce and feel his hands on me. There was a bathroom and a shower stall. I took a shower. The shower on the ship was goo shower which were lights and more lights. I didn't feel clean with the shower on the ship. My right ear hurts. It hurts in the earring area. I think I'm getting an infection. I don t know why but I hope I'm not turning hearing. I don't think I can accept being hearing. I like being deaf. There are advantages of being deaf like not having to hear annoying noises.  It was very nice. I felt much cleaner. I hope food isn't goo. I'm getting sick of eating goo.  I'm on the top bunk feeling a little bored. I think I'll have sex with Bruce. It'll give me something to do. Before we could do that a Sakul interrupted us and told us it was time to eat. I'm not sure if its' breakfast, lunch or dinnertime. I don't know.  The food was some chitin meat stuff. I asked the Sakul what it was. They explained it was a gonoid manoid named Hyperon. It was disgusting. I took a bite and then threw up on the floor. Bruce refused to eat. The others ate the food. It was disgusting. I drank the drink, which was red like blood. Then I threw up on the floor. A Sakul examined me by waving his hands and told us via mind walking that I have a chemical imbalance in me. Oh dear I might be pregnant again. Wait a minute. Bruce and I only got to the first step of sex before they interrupted us.  I think it might be my sickness. I really hope not. I asked if I could go outside the citadel (cave area I'm in) and explore. One Sakul told me via mind walking that it wasn’t a good idea due to the Hyperon outside. I told them about learning sign language and having an escort. The Sakul told me in sign language that there's an operation that can make us both hearing. Bruce and I had a private talk and told them no thanks. Then we went to our room. We cuddled together in the bottom bunk. I've been hiding my journal in my pocket of my coverall. We lay there for awhile before a Sakul came and told us in sign language that it was lunchtime. Lunch was white meat stuff. I took a bite and threw up the stuff. I asked a Sakul what the white stuff was. They told me via sign language it was the Humanoid gonoid named Hyperon. Bruce paled at that and refused to eat. A Sakul came with goo and Bruce and I ate the goo instead. We waited until we were in our quarters to talk in private. Bruce told me he refused to eat them. I really can't wait to go outside I'm getting crazy in here. Bruce and I discussed my diary about being a record for future generations. I think I'll have to eat more goo for the rest of my life here. I don't know where's here is. I 'm not sure what planet this is.  I miss my babies. I miss them. I miss having a baby sucking my chest. Sigh. I hope the Sakul won't find out about our knowledge. Maybe I could ask a Sakul if they could scan my mind. I suspect they are mind walkers who came to tell us it was dinner time. Food was meat. It eerie looked familiar. I asked a Sakul what it was. He told me it was a Mooer a gonoid that gives off a moo sound. I tried it and threw it up. Bruce refused to eat it. I asked a Sakul where they got the meat. The Sakul told me in sign language that there are gonoids they refer as animals living on the planet. They are called Hyperon and Mooer. I asked about going outside. The Sakul told me I'd have to be armed and have an escort. I wasn't the only one who wanted to go outside. The others wanted to go outside too. We were given long pipe weapons with a knife on the end. It was like a spear. After dinner we went outside and were a bit windy out. The sun was shining palely in the sky. I could see the Sakul armed with spears attack a creature. The creature looked like a spiny Humanoid I saw earlier, and then they dragged the creature I think was a Hyperon into a cave. I felt a drumming vibration. I don't know why, but there was a flash of light in the cave and the creature came out running. I saw a Sakul came staggering out and fell to the ground. I ran to help him. The Sakul shivered up and his body became ashes. Several came and blocked me from entering the cave. They didn't want me to get hurt. They were scared. I think they were scared.  They escorted us inside the citadel. I have been nicknaming the cave where our quarters are the citadel. I told Bruce that. He thought it was a good name. I wandered around the cave. I came to a balcony and I could see an underground city. There was a huge oval window overhead. It is very weird. I saw a flash of light in the corner of my right eye and I turned to look. I looked and saw a cave entrance I went in the cave and entered a room. It was very weird. My ear pain stopped hurting. There was a symbol on top of the cave entrance. The room was vast as far as my eyes could see. There were tanks with naked people in them. I felt drawn to a tank. There were words on the tank that said "Highlander".  I saw a man with black hair with pointed ears, was wearing black pants, a black top. A Sakul appeared and told me to leave the room. It told me via mind walking that the symbol on the door way means forbidden to enter. I apologized and asked the Sakul about the Highlander. He wouldn’t tell me about the Highlander alien. I left the room and went to my quarters. I told him about finding the room with people in tanks. Bruce thinks they were put to sleep and waked up at a certain time. l I told him about finding the Highlander alien. A Sakul came and told us it was lunchtime. Lunch was green goo. I rather eat goo then animal meat. I'm disgusted in eating meat. Yuck.  Bruce and I were the only ones to eat the goo. The others including them ate the meat. For drink was green stuff. It tastes like broccoli. Then we went outside in the dusty air. I sneezed a few times. There was a sand storm coming.  The air got so bad that we escorted us inside. Inside Bruce carried me to our room. We had sex. It's been awhile since I had sex. I'm not sure if I can conceive. I suspect the Sakul will take the baby away once he or she is born. After the sex we cuddled together. Bruce and I had sex again. Again a Sakul came and told us it was dinner time. Well I noticed that Lana didn't look happy. I asked her why and she rudely told me it was none of my business. Swell. The Sakul told me they couldn't conceive anymore children. For every Amula having three children is the limit. I don't know if I'm pregnant again. Dinner was goo. I can't wait to eat something else besides goo. I don't want to eat meat. It's disgusting. I went outside with Lana and Jella. The air was nice to breathe. The sandstorm seemed to past us by. I'm glad to be outside. I saw the Hyperon come waving its clawed reed hands toward me.  I heard a voice in my mind told me to throw my spear at it. I was so scared that I dropped the spear and stood like an idiot. The creature walked towards me until it was inches from my face and stared at me. Then it turned around and ran into the forest. Oh wow. I felt a drumming vibration. Then the Sakul came and hurriedly escorted me inside the citadel. I think the drumming noise was scaring them. I went to my room I told Bruce about seeing the Hyperon. I went to write in here.  I examined myself I can now have sex for pleasure. I'm sure I can't conceive any more babies. I had four children and that is enough for me. I don't want to get pregnant again for the fourth time. I'm interested in having sex with Bruce. I showed Bruce the forbidden room with the tanks in them. A Sakul watched us stood in the doorway. I think they don't trust us to not go in the room. Bruce wanted to go in but I pointed out the symbol on the wall. Bruce showed me his arm. Told me the symbol matched the mark on his arm. I examined my arm and found the symbol matched my arm too. We asked them about that and they refused to tell us but told us to leave the room. We went back to our room and cuddled in bed. Bruce told me about his life on growing up in a ship, living on Terra, to our latest adventure of landing on this planet. Bruce was interested in seeing what I wrote in my journal. I told him to wait until I finished the journal first. I'm now halfway through it. It has a lot of pages for me to fill up the journal. The lights dimmed. I think it's time for me to go to bed.

	Yours,
	Lisha


August 25, 2384
Dear Anne, 

 The lights went out. During the night Bruce climbed up on the top bunk and had sex with me. Making love was a good thing. Sometimes it's a chore but who cares. A Sakul came to tell us it was breakfast time. Breakfast was weird fruit shaped like a pear. It was brown looking. Bruce and I refused to eat the meat. We were the only ones to eat the fruit and goo. After breakfast Bruce and I went outside and went to the shuttle. The shuttle was gone. I'm surprised.  I suspect that the crew of five people left. We went to the forest and did some exploring. The trees were made out of a removable bark that had goo. It explains where the green goo came from. A Sakul came and introduced himself via speaking in my mind as Tier. I asked him if he was the same one who was on the planet. The Sakul explained that Tier is his surname.  Tier escorted us back inside. On the way a Hyperon came from the forest and attacked Tier. I saw Tier explode in a fireball. Then the Hyperon told us via mind walking to go to the forbidden cave immediately. The Hyperon told us he'll keep the others from stopping us. Bruce and I went to the forbidden cave. It was the same cave where the Sakul came out and shivered in ashes. The cave was small looking. It was dark too. I saw golden eyes. Then the cave lighted up revealing a white Sakul. The Sakul signed that the gray Sakul were killing races by exterminating them and then disappeared. There were drumming vibrations then Bruce and I found us in front of the forbidden cave. Several Gray ones came and told us to go inside. I asked them why. They told me a Hyperon killed one of their kinds.  Bruce and I went inside to the cafeteria. The others were there. Bruce and I told them about the Hyperon killing one of the Sakul. We didn’t tell them about going in the forbidden cave because several Sakul were around. I didn't want them to know that. Then we had lunch. After lunch the others opted to stay inside. Bruce and I went to the balcony and kissed. Jella interrupted us. She told us about the forbidden cave where the tanks were. I told her I've been in the cave. Jella wasn't happy about that.  Bruce and I wandered around the citadel. It was several floors tall as a hotel. There were rooms that were mostly quarters and lounge rooms. Bruce and I went back to our room and cuddled together. A Sakul came to tell us it was dinner time. Dinner was green goo and dates. It was nice to eat fruit.  After dinner Bruce and I wandered around the citadel. We found several Sakul in the lounge room having a conversation. They didn't sign to us. We left them alone and went to look for a game room. We found mostly lounge rooms and bedrooms with built in bunk beds. Sigh. We walked back to our room. I'm feeling bored. I long for some excitement around here. Sigh. I also miss my babies. I wonder how they're doing now. I hope the Sakul tell them about us. It'll be nice. Well I don’t know what else is new here. I want to go outside but I think its best I stay inside for a while. Bruce asked me to come down the bunk and cuddle with him. I climbed down and snuggled with him. I'm writing in here. I can't wait to finish my diary. It'll be nice. Well the lights are dimming. It's time to go to bed. Good night.

	Bored,
	Lisha


August 27, 2384
Dear Anne,

 I woke up on the bottom bunk. Bruce was holding my hand and looking worried. I asked him what happened. He told me I was in a coma for a day and a half. I hope it's not my sickness again.  I hope they invented a pill for me to take. It'll be nice to have a pill to take for aches and pains.  Bruce told me it was according to my diary August 27 while I was out a Sakul examined me. He told me to stay in bed and rest. I felt I had to take a shower so I waited until they left to get up and took a shower too. Bruce showered with me. I guess he was worried I'll fall in a coma again. I'm getting annoyed about that. It is irritating. Bruce and I had sex in the shower stall. Then he carried me out to the lower bunk. I went to write in here. I think I'll take a nap. I hope I won't fall in a coma again. 
The Sakul came with food. He told me to try the fruit and goo. I ate it and kept it down. I didn't throw up. Bruce cuddled next to me. He was nuzzling my neck. He was kissing it. I was sure we'll be having sex soon. I don't know.  Bruce was rubbing my neck. It feels very good.  We wound having a rubbing fest. It was very interesting.  I went to sleep after the rubbing fest. 
I woke up to find the lights were on.  Bruce was annoyed. A Sakul came in the room and told us they were under attack then escorted us to the cafeteria. The others were there. They were bracing themselves against the chairs and tables. I could feel vibrations of booming.  Several Sakul left the room. I saw a flash of white and looked to see a Hyperon came through the wall. The Hyperon attacked the Sakul as several ran in the room attacking it. Several Hyperons came and attacked. Bruce and I ran out of the room to the hallway.  There was dust in the hallway. I saw several Sakul run down the hallway and was knocked aside by Rani. His eyes were flaring yellow. Rani attacked while Jella was trying to restrain him. He was acting crazy. I felt like I had a headache. Bruce and I ran to our quarters and stayed there.  Bruce’s eyes flared yellow. I tried to restrain him from going outside the door. No available. He went outside the room. I stayed in the room watching the door. The door opened and a white Sakul gestured for me to come with him. I followed it to the cafeteria. The floor was littered with dust. I have no idea why.  I saw Bruce in the cafeteria and ran to him. He hugged me. We watched as the white Sakul signed that their masters would be coming soon to see what the matter was. The white Sakul signed that a ship is coming to pick us off the planet. I asked about the forbidden room with the tanks. The white hood told me the Gray ones moved the tanks to somewhere else. I feel I’m tired. I didn’t get much sleep. I pulled out my diary and sat down. Then I began to write in here. The white Sakul stood guard on the door. What’s that rumbling vibration? Bruce, the others and I left the cafeteria to outside. We saw a purple ship that was chicken shaped. No kidding shaped like a chicken bone.  The ship landed near us. A door on it opened followed by a ramp. Inside were other white ones. I asked one of them their names. The white Sakul told me their name was Samol and led us down the hallway to a door that slid open. Inside were beds that were up in a downhill position. I lay down on one bed and pulled out my diary. I’m feeling tired. I hope I won’t slide off the bed. The pillows are triangular shaped. Well I’m tired. I feel like its six o’clock in the morning. 

	Tired,
	Lizzie

August 28, 2384 
Dear Anne,

 The Samol woke us up by taping us on the shoulder. I’m grateful they didn’t throw a cat on me. My dad would wake me up in the morning sometimes by throwing a cat on me just to get me up for school. It is very funny. Well they told us it was a new day. The Samol led us down the hallway pass several doors to a door. The room was a cafeteria. It was a bit bigger than on the one on the Sakul ship. There were metal tables and chairs.  I saw the other Amula there and they looked tired. I felt I didn’t sleep well last night.  Breakfast was white goo with white stuff to drink. The white stuff tastes like milk. Then after breakfast Bruce and I explored the ship. It had several decks. We saw the command center. Several Samol were working on the machines with the Mesan’s Curse I was surprised to see. I asked a Samol about meeting the captain. They told me there is no captain. I’m surprised.  Bruce and I looked at several rooms in the ship. I could feel a rumbling noise. It was interesting.  Bruce and I got lost and couldn’t find the bathroom. I saw a Mesan’s Curse and asked him who pointed to a door. Bruce and I went inside and saw there were men and women’s bathroom stalls and showers separately.  Bruce and I took a shower separately. There were towels to dry myself off. I left the towels in a locker labeled Elizabeth. It had my name.  I met Bruce outside the hallway. We looked for the game room. We didn’t find a game room. Bruce and I went back to the bedroom. Jella, Rani, Lana and Lorne were there. They stopped talking when they saw us enter. They stared at each other in silence. I never told them that I can lip-read. They were talking about us. They were discussing about us having an operation to make us hearing. I signed what they talked about. Bruce and I never taught them sign language. We used our voices to talk to them. They would fingerspell a word to us.  Jella finger spelled to us about having an operation to make us hearing. Bruce and I had a private chat and told them with our voices that we accept being deaf. Then the ship made a dive down. I nearly fell against the bed.  I looked out the window and I could see a helicopter ship firing lasers at us. The ship I’m on went up and down like a roller coaster. Then the ship went fast straight. Bruce and I walked to the command center and asked what just happened. They told us in sign language that a vessel attacked us and we escaped.  Bruce and I went back to the bed room. The others were there asleep. I looked outside the triangle window. I saw a white bubble ship. It was huge and big from my position. The ship escorted our ship. We appeared over a planet. The planet seemed familiar. I wonder why. Then the lights blinked as Samol appeared and woke up the others. The Samol signed that we are to go on a shuttle and land on the planet. I hope its home where our babies are. I miss my babies. The Mesan’s Curse led us to a shuttle that was similar to a space shuttle. Bruce and I sat next to each other. We held hands. I looked out the window as the shuttle entered the atmosphere and landed in the middle of a valley. We walked out in the air. Several Gray Sakul meet us. They bowed and turned their cloaks to the color white like in a puff of smoke and they led us to a cave. Then to a cave inside were cribs. I felt drawn to two cribs. I followed my instincts and zeroed on the two cribs I was drawn to. Inside the cribs were the twins and Duncan with Gina. The Mesan’s Curse was around the cave. It was good to see the babies. I gave them each a hug. They seemed happy to see me. All of my babies seemed to be a little bit bigger.   I gave the babies a hug and carried Duncan and Gina to our room. Bruce carried the twins. We lay them in the cribs in our room. It was good to be back from our trip in space. I feel I’ll probably be staying here in the valley for a while. The Mesan’s Curse hung around watching us care for the babies. It was nice being back here. I feel much joyful. I feel I want to tear out my pages and stop writing in here. I’m feeling happy.  I decided to keep the pages and keep writing. I’m still halfway through the diary. I hope I can finish it by my birthday. My ears hurt at the earrings. I think I’m coming down with an infection. I really hope not. I don’t want to take my earrings out. I’m feeling tired so I think I’ll go to bed now. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth

August 29, 2384 
Dear Anne,

 A Mesan’s Curse woke us up by putting a baby on each of us. It was different from having a cat thrown on me. Breakfast was fruit and goo. I’m grateful for the fruit. Bruce and I carried the babies outside. One of the babies smelled so I had to clean the diaper. It was disgusting. The diapers are washable. Outside was a beautiful day. It was very nice. Bruce brought a blanket. The babies snoozed on the blanket. I lay down on the ground next to the babies and stared at the sky. The sky was a beautiful blue color. I like the color blue. It is very good. I pulled out my diary and started writing in here. The clouds are moving by.  They look a little dark. I pointed it out to Bruce. Bruce assured me a Mesan’s Curse would come over and tell us to come inside if it’s rain coming.  I’m keeping an eye on the clouds. I don’t like the look of them. The wind is blowing a bit hard. A Mesan’s Curse came and told us in sign language that it was going to rain. We carried the babies inside the cave to our quarters. Gina and Duncan woke up from being held. Gina played with my ear. She was grabbing it and twisting it. It hurts a little bit. I was glad to put her down on the crib. Duncan looked at me with his eyes.  I put him down in the crib next to Gina. Then I checked on the twins. They were crying to be fed so a Mesan’s Curse came with food for the babies. We fed the twins. They stopped crying after eating. They were hungry. As a precaution we fed Gina and Duncan. Duncan spitted up his food. I had to wipe the food off his face. I don’t think he likes the food. The food is yellow goo. The Samol assure us that it's safe for the babies to eat it. Well I tasted it and then threw up. I think the babies got a good stomach. Lunch was fruit and vegetables. I’m happy to eat something else besides goo. The Mesan’s Curse brought the fruit and vegetables. I told them about burying the seeds in the ground. They assured me in sign language that it was already done. The Samol babysat the babies for us when we went to the cafeteria to eat. Then I went to the cave entrance. I could see it was raining hard. Bruce followed me to the cave entrance. We stood there for awhile watching the rain. Then we went to our room where Gina and Duncan were in the crib with the twins. I wonder why. The babies were sleeping.   Bruce and I watched the babies sleep. David moved a bit on his back. I’m sure it was David. I’m can’t tell which twin is it because their eyes are closed. We watched the babies squirm together. I picked up Gina and moved her to the other Crib. The boys started crying. A Mesan’s Curse came by and told us that the babies were crying and stopped crying when they were in the same crib. I put Gina back in the crib with the boys. The boys stopped crying. Then the babies squirmed some more. I patted their bellies. It was cute seeing them here in the crib. They look so cute being in the crib together. It’s dinner time for us. The white Samol babysat the babies for us while we went to eat dinner. Dinner was fruit and goo. I wonder where the goo comes from. I’m curious. The Samol fed the babies for us but they left us to clean the diapers. It was disgusting cleaning the diapers. Ugh. PU.  The boys wanted to play so I left them out of the crib. We watched them crawl around the room. They were cute. It was interesting watching them crawl. Bruce shut the door. The babies crawled around the room exploring. Bruce and I laughed seeing the babies try to play with the curtain.  Then I sat on the floor. Gina crawled all over my lap. She even tried to crawl up my chest. It was interesting watching the babies crawl all over me.  Bruce sat on the floor and the babies crawled over him. It was funny. We had smiles on our faces.  I pulled out my diary. 
Pardon my handwriting Gina is trying to play with my pen. She keeps grabbing it.  I let her play with my pen. She left it and crawled off my lap. I’m sure the babies will learn how to stand and walk. I’m not sure how long it takes them to learn how to walk. I noticed that none of the babies have markings on their cheeks and arms. I asked a Samol earlier about the Numeral markings, and he told me that when they are six years old their marks appear. Gina looks a little blue in the face. I checked her. She wasn’t breathing right. Bruce put the boys back in the crib. They cried for Gina as I brought her to Jella who examined her by using her hands on her and told us Gina may have a respiration infection.  A Samol came by and examined Gina. He told us that Jella’s children were put in sleeping tanks. They seemed to have infections too. Then the Mesan’s Curse came and told us the Sakul left a plague which it’s infecting everyone. I don’t believe this. I can’t believe it. A Mesan’s Curse signed to us about freezing our babies until a cure is found on a ship in the valley found there. Well Bruce and I had a private sign language talk. We agreed to let them put the babies in it. Bruce asked the Mesan’s Curse if they were infected who told us the infection was in the caves. The Samol have been giving us goo to confect the infection in the caves. We decided to let them freeze our babies. We carried them over to the ship. I got to explore the ship. There were just three decks. The ship was similar to the ship Sue and I were on. There were sections for rotating.  The Mesan’s Curse led the way and showed us the tank room. The room had a lot of freezing tanks. They opened two tanks by pressing the console buttons and we put the twins in one tank and the other babies in the other tank. They showed us where Jella’s three babies were. I found tanks where the babies belonging to Lana and Lorne were. I talked to the Mesan’s Curse and told them that if I die, I wanted my diary to be put with the babies so anyone could read it. One examined my book and told me the language was unreadable. I told him it was my native language of Russian and I plan to write a translation to my writings. I wrote a translation on the first page of the diary in English. It will help people give them a clue to reading my diary. 
I’m feeling poorly. I feel like I’m gagging for air. I hope there’s a cure for the virus Bruce and I are suffering from. The others are sick too. I told Bruce and the others I wanted a meeting in the cafeteria. Several seemed to be effected too. They were limping a bit. I told them about my idea about being frozen. We took a vote and agreed to be frozen. Then we limply walked over to the ship. I hope I’ll be fine. I don’t know if I’ll wake up from this virus. I’m coughing now. Bruce is in the freezing tank frozen. I’m writing in here while waiting for my turn to be frozen. I hope I’ll be fine. I don’t know if any of my children will wake up and be raised by us.  I hope I’ll be fine. 

	Yours, 
	Elizabeth

August 31
Dear Anne, 

 Its three hundred years in the future. The computer clock says August 31, 2484. The babies are gone. I don’t know what happened to them. Let me start at the beginning. I felt myself frozen and passed out. When I came to a Mesan’s Curse was peering at me and signed that it was time for me to wake up. I asked him about the others. He told me their time came and went. They are now cured of the disease. It was cured fifty years ago. Oh. I asked him about my husband Bruce. He gestured and I got up to see Bruce run at me with a kiss and a hug. He lifted me out of the tube. It was great to see Bruce. I asked the Mesan’s Curse what was the date. He pointed to a wall. I saw the date and I pulled out my journal. The Mesan’s Curse explained that we were on a ship in space on route to a planet. I asked him about our children. He told us that they were taken out of the tubes when fifty years ago. I was annoyed at that. It irritated me that I never got a chance to see our children grow.  The Mesan’s Curse explained that my journal was copied by hand. There are copies of my journal? I don’t believe this.  The Mesan’s Curse gestured us to follow him. He led us out of the tube room to a hallway. The hallway was grey with yellow lights in the door then led us to a door. There was a table and windows showing an orange sky. Then he led us to a room. There was clothing on the bed.  Bruce and I changed out of our coveralls to the clothing. The clothing was black pants and black turtlenecks. Bruce and I left the room and saw the Mesan’s Curse again. He told us there was a cafeteria for us to eat. He led us to the cafeteria to eat. Food was gray goo with green stuff to drink. Then we wandered around and came to the bridge. Many Mesan’s Curse and Humanoid aliens with pointy ears like elves were there. I noticed that they didn’t have any markings on them. A Mesan’s Curse escorted us to our room. It had a queen size bed and tables. I looked out the window and I could see yellow swirling clouds. It was nice. Bruce and I looked out the window. We saw other purple ships too. We saw three white bubble like ships. They look huge.  I pulled out my diary and sat down on the table and started writing. I wonder when we’ll be in space. I’m dying to see what the planet looks like. The outfit I’m wearing has a hidden pocket in the pants. It’s small enough for my diary.  I looked out the window and I could see the ships enter a vortex and then the planet appeared looking like part of it was broken off and it resembled a big machine. The Mesan’s Curse came. He told us that we would be boarding the planetary station in a few minutes. We needed permission from the commander. I wonder what the commander looks like. The Mesan’s Curse is watching us and me write in my journal. I’m feeling excited about meeting some people on the station. We took a shuttle to board the station. The station is rotating. It is very interesting. I’m feeling gravity in the shuttle. It is very interesting. I let go of my diary and watch it float toward the ceiling. Bruce caught it for me. I’m trying by best to write in here. It is very interesting to see the planetary station. 

Love,
Lisha


September 1, 2684
Dear Anne,
 
  We entered the station and met and alien dressed in similar outfits as ours. The alien had a fish head with webbed hands. The fish being told us signing his name was Mainland who insisted we change into our wolf forms despite our protests. I could see that Mainland led us to an elevator after putting leashes on our necks in the wolf forms. The elevator arrived on a gray floor with gray hallways. He led the both of us to a door, which opened to show the war room. There were designs of the station on the walls.  It was very interesting. Then I saw him, an old man in a wheelchair dressed in a gray outfit. He looked like he was out of it. He was mumbling some praise over and over. It was very weird. A Mesan’s Curse signed to us in our wolf forms, warning us. He told us about beings who did not like us as Amula. It is very weird. I felt an urge to touch the old man on the cheek in my wolf form. His hazel eyes seemed to be unfocused. Made me think he was blind which I’m sure he wasn’t. I saw he was a Human, like us. I touched his cheek and shock entered his mind. I could see there was a young man inside trapped in a block of ice. I tried to break it but I wasn’t successful. I found a box that was boarded up and opened it. Beams of light came out and shattered the block of ice. I found myself back in my body. The man stood up and he was clutching his head. I watched him. 
Then he looked at me and said “Thanks I need that.”  
A Mesan’s Curse gestured for Bruce to change his form to Human which he did and Bruce explained the man was called Teorjer which confused me as to how he was naming that man. Several of the others, aliens who appeared to be Highlanders, seemed to agree with Bruce. The Mesan’s Curse brought two people who were identified as King Sea and Ellison Donovan according to them.  Donovan had a beard and mustache was wearing a red hooded robe and King Sea I saw was dressed in a medieval blue outfit. Teorjer got up from the wheel chair. Three Mesan’s Curse had to restrain him. King Sea looked at Bruce and I in my wolf form, with all blue eyes and there seemed have a recognizing look on his face. I wonder who he thinks I am.  The Mesan’s Curse escorted the red and blue men out of the room. Teorjer stopped being mad and sat down in the wheelchair. The other races came in the room were humanoid deer, fish, and cat. There were aliens I didn’t recognize. Teorjer stared at us and he told us via a Mesan’s Curse interpreting that we seemed to be familiar to him. I shifted form to Human which Bruce and I had a sign language talk about telling them who we really are in our Human forms. We turned our backs and talked. A Mesan’s Curse told us in sign language it wasn’t time. So we told him Teorjer seemed familiar to us. Then Mainland came and escorted us shifting back to wolf in our wolf forms out of the room. He escorted us to a room across the hallway. The room was like a lounge room with sofa, chairs and a table. There was a window overlooking the garden.  Mainland tried to sign to us. A Mesan’s Curse came by and interpreted. The Mesan’s Curse told us in sign language to tell him about our children. They closed the doors to the room. We shifted form and truthfully told him about our children. He wasn’t surprised. He told us that he saw that we resembled the three men, King Sea, Ellison Donovan and Teorjer. He had suspected this. I yawned. I couldn’t help it. He told us he’d escort us to quarters. We went down the hall to the elevator. The elevator passed several floors and reached a brown hallway. We went by several doors and reached a door. He rang the doorbell. There was a queen sized bed. He gestured us to go in. The door closed behind us. I sat on the bed and pulled out my diary and started writing. I’m tired. I think I’ll go to bed now. 

	Yawn
	Elizabeth


September 2, 2684
Dear Anne,
 
 I lay down on the bed and passed out. I came to when I felt a Mesan’s Curse waking me up. He signed that there was a meeting in two hours and told me if I needed to take a shower now is the time. I took a shower. The water felt funny. It was yellow color. I have no idea what it is. After my shower Bruce took a shower too. I’m glad there is water here. I asked the Mesan’s Curse what the water was for didn’t know the answer, only shrugged. Then Mesan’s Curse asked me if I was Teorjer’s ancestor.  I confirmed it. He wasn’t surprised when I told him that. I asked him where he got the idea. He told me I remind them of Teorjer. Ooh.  We left the room to the elevator in our wolf forms while being led by the Mesan’s Curse. The elevator went up and took us to a hallway.  The hallway was gray and followed the Mesan’s Curse to a room was circular. There were other people there. They were Mesan’s Curse, Highlanders or Elves, Fish, Deer and Cat. Mainland got our attention by waving his arms. We all looked at him. A Mesan’s Curse interpreted what he said to us in our wolf forms. 
“Hello, my name is Mainland, I have here are two Amula who have proven to be the parents of the three Elements.”
Then Mainland introduced us to the group as Elizabeth Zeskaya and Bruce Arkov. Then the group introduced themselves to us in our wolf forms. I wanted to change into my Human form but the leash around my neck prevented that. There were fifty people and I forgot their names. It was too hard for me to remember. After the meeting he led Bruce and I to the brig. We went to an elevator and it went down. Then it opened to a hallway. We saw a Highlander I assumed was the security chief in front of his office. He led the way down several doors and opened a door. He opened it and I saw Teorjer sitting on the floor. He looked like he was mediating. I saw Mainland tell the Security chief about putting Teorjer in the same cell as King Sea and Ellison Donovan. The Security chief scratched his pointy ears and told us they hate each other. Mainland told him that they could be charged for attacking each other. The Highlander pressed a button on the monitor on the wall and the metal fence slid open. Teorjer got up from the floor as in a trance and followed the Highlander to another cell. We followed him and watched as the three men, King Sea, Ellison and Teorjer greeted each other with hugs. They turned and asked Mainland with me lip reading who the two gonoids were. My stomach wound up growling and Mainland mentioned about us being hungry. He led us to an elevator. The elevator went up then stopped as we entered a hallway. He led us to the cafeteria. There weren’t any people there. There were box like machines that gave up food. Food was green goo and green stuff to drink and we ate pretty fast in our Human forms. I got to write some notes in my journal.  Mainland left us and went elsewhere. One of the Mesan’s Curse came and sat on a table watching us eat. After eating we asked about going to the garden. There was a window that showed the garden down below. The Mesan’s Curse thought for a minute and then agreed to take us to the garden. We put our plates in the deposable then followed him assuming he’s a male to the garden in our wolf forms. He took us to the elevator. The elevator went down then opened showing the garden. Bruce and I had fun exploring the garden. There were bushes and trees and grass as far as the eye could see. The garden was huge. The Mesan’s Curse followed us around and watched as we touched the bushes, trees and grass. It was like earth. The air smelled of greenery. It was very interesting. There was a fountain with water in it. The Mesan’s Curse told us not to put our hands in the water. Said it was acid. I’m surprised that it’s not eating away the stone. The fountain seemed to be made of stone. I found a stone bench and changed to Human form then pulled out my diary and started writing in it. I sat cross-legged. Bruce sat next to me and he and the Hayu are having a conversation about discussing Teorjer and that I was from Earth. The Mesan’s Curse told us not to tell anyone about that because of the High Council have an interest in people from Earth. They were found dead of poisoning.  After our talk a light on the male’s right hand blinked and he answered it and told us there were to leave immediately. He led the way to the cafeteria. We had lunch. I’m surprised that time goes by pretty fast. Lunch was green goo and green drink to drink. I wonder is that what we’ll be eating around here. After lunch he led us back to the room. He told us we eat two meals a day. The station is limiting food due to the war. Oh great I’m going to be hungry. I pulled out my diary and started writing. Then I asked the Mesan’s Curse to teach me how to use the computers here. He went to a wall and pressed on it and showed me how to use it the disappeared in thin air. I taught it to Bruce was happy to learn how to use it. I used it to look up Earth’s history. There wasn’t anything new. The monitor couldn’t find a thing about Earth history. But there were things about Human I didn’t like that I didn’t copy in here. I felt hungry so I complained to Bruce that. He also added he was feeling hungry too. 
The Mesan’s Curse came back from appearing in thin air in front of us and led us to a door which slid open and it showed a queen size bed for us to sleep on. I guess I’ll go to bed now. I don’t know if I could sleep while feeling hungry. Bruce is lying on the bed staring at the ceiling. I explored the room and discovered the bathroom so I took a hot shower then I came out. Bruce went to take a shower. He’s now on the bed staring at the ceiling. I asked him what he was thinking about. He was about to say something when the lights dimmed. The Mesan’s Curse after showing us the bedroom did warned me that it was the computer’s way of telling people to go to sleep. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth

September 3
Dear Anne,
 
 Today it was like yesterday. Going to the cafeteria to eat green goo then hanging around the garden. Bruce and I explored the garden. We came upon a Sakul and a Mesan’s Curse who both disappeared. It was very weird.  Our escort got a call on his communications link. He told us that the three men escaped from the jail. He escorted us to a room. In the war room the Commander a female Highlander I assumed was yelling at the Highlander security chief. I didn't understand a word she said because she seemed to be talking in a foreign language while I was in my wolf form.  He looked ashamed. The Commander touched a button on the table and the monitor showed the three men, King Sea, Ellison and Teorjer together pulling up the iron gate and escaping by knocking out the guards. I was secretly glad they escaped.  I have no idea where they went. Mainland standing there signed for us to change into our Human forms which we obeyed. I looked around the room to see Highlanders, or Elves standing at consoles while there were screens flickering scenes. I pulled out my diary and started writing. Mainland was a little nosy. He asked me what I was writing. I told him using my voice that I was writing my memoirs for people to read once I’m finished.  The security chief left the room as the commander left the room running after him. The lights blinked and I looked to see a monitor showed a gray Sakul in the hallway attacking people. The Sakul entered the room and signed for Bruce and me to come with him. Bruce and I talked and decided not to. The Sakul waved a hand and then hands grabbed it by the neck and the hood shrived up in ashes. I saw the three men Teorjer, King Sea and Ellison Donovan who were acting annoyed.  The security chief came and tried to arrest the three. Teorjer grabbed the poor security chief by the shoulder and lifted him up. 
I lip read him speaking “Do not make the elementals like us madder.”  
Then he put the Highlander down. I’m surprised that Teorjer is so strong. I should have known that.  The lights blinked. A monitor appeared above the table showing sinister helicopter ships coming through a vortex. They were firing on the station. 
I also lip read the three say together “The High Council.”
 Then the station fired lasers at the ships.  Bruce and I braced each other on the table. Then there were vortexes opening, I saw white bubble ships and purple chicken ships appeared and fired on the spider ships. I saw a huge sinister helicopter ship fire a beam at the station. A yellow squid ship appeared out of nowhere and was destroyed by the beam. Then the sinister helicopter ships disappeared. The battle was swift and short. The commander came in the room. The commander told us with us forced to lip read due to her not signing that there was a curfew for people to go in their quarters which a Mesan’s Curse led us to our quarters. There were metal beams littering the floor along with spider carcasses. In our quarters I pulled out my diary and started writing. The day was exciting. I’m excited about the excitement. A Mesan’s Curse came in our quarters and asked to talk to us privately. He told us about a gate was found on the planetary station. He told me that it was safe for us to go through the gate. I asked him why we were told to go in it now. He told us we were from the past. The High Council according to the spies, have expressed interest in capturing us mind raping us to get our information on the past including Earth. Bruce and I had a talk and decided it was best to go. He led us out of the room to the elevator. I’m writing this as fast as I can on the elevator. I hope they destroy the gate after we go through it. I’ll miss this world. It’ll be interesting. I wonder where we’ll be when we go through the gate.  We got off the elevator through a maze of hallways and the Mesan’s Curse escorted us to a round metal arch with clouds in between it. It was the gate according to him. The Mesan’s Curse told us to change in our coveralls. He turned his back as we changed clothes. I made sure my diary was in my pocket safely. Bruce and I held hands and walked into the gate. We entered a forest. I couldn’t see the sky because of the tall trees. The trees were really thick. Bruce and I wandered around. Then we felt drumming vibrations. The vibrations drummed a message to follow them. We followed the drumming vibrations then reached a beach. I looked at the sky and I could see a planet in the sky. It looked eerie like Terrania.   We followed the drumming vibrations until we reached a cave and inside were Humans.  They welcomed us with suspicion. We explained we were from Terra and came here. One of the Humans introduced herself as Admiral Lynn.  She seemed to know sign language because she signed. I pulled out my diary and started writing.  Bruce and I are sitting on the floor. I’m a little tired. Yawn.  I think I’ll go to sleep. 
I went to sleep and dreamed of a Samol. The Samol gave me a stick with an Egyptian symbol of Osiris on it. I woke up and found my hand holding the stick. Bruce was interested. He dreamed and woke up with the stick. Admiral Lynn thinks the planet gave us the sticks as a way they accepted us.  I asked Lynn where we were. She explained we’re on Edenia. I asked her what year it was. She was confused. I tried my best to explain years. She told me we don’t have years anymore.  Bruce and I met the other Humans. There were thirty people who introduced themselves. It was nice.  I asked about the Banshees. Lynn told me that they are off the planet. I stood up and saw a Banshee in the cave. Lynn was annoyed. She yelled at the Banshee. I didn’t understand a word she said. I think she was speaking in foreign language. The Banshee turned around and walked out of the cave. I’m not sure what year it is. It is very crazy here.  I’m not sure if Lynn is my descendant. She reminds me of Anna. Outside a storm is coming. Lynn asked me if I was a descendant of her ancestor Anna Zeskaya because of how I closely resembled her. Bruce and I had a talk and decided not to tell them about being an ancestor of hers. We truthfully told Lynn that I was related to Anna. Lynn didn’t ask any more questions. She insisted that I come inside the cave with her. A storm was coming. We went inside the cave. There were glow bulbs in the walls. The others were standing around looking like they were bored.  Bruce and I had a talk about not telling the others we were born on Earth. A Human dressed in pants and no shirt with a scar on his left cheek was with a blonde hair woman who looked partly like a snake was dressed in green coverall come in the cave. Behind them was a man who was like a reptile wearing brown pants and a gray long sleeve crew neck shirt. They explained that the man was her father Tovok. I wonder if she and Lynn are related.  Lynn hugged Tovok. I could tell that he was blind. He was waving his hands in front of him. The Human male introduced himself as General Wickers. The female was Valeria, Tovok’s daughter.   I think I’ll go to sleep now. I’m leaning on Bruce and I’m a little tired. Yawn. 
  
	Yawn,
	Elizabeth


September 4, year unknown 
Dear Anne,

 Lynn woke us both up. She told us a Samol in her dream told her to go to the gateway and enter it but we had to be in our wolf forms. How did she know of our wolf forms? It must be the Samol. We left the cave. Outside was sunny outside. I could see the beach. I followed Lynn and the others to the gateway. The gate was again a round metal arch that was appearing to be guarded by dark humanoids that had dinosaur triceratops heards. Lynn explained they were called Banara. The Banara let us through. Admiral Lynn and the others went first then Tovok and his daughter. We followed General Wickers. We entered a stadium was eerie familiar. There were aliens that looked like humanoid version of animals on Earth. There were deer, apes, reptiles and other animals. We stood at the arena. It was interesting. I felt drumming vibrations. I saw tall humanoids on a raised platform wearing hooded robes. One of them talked in a foreign language. I didn’t understand a word was said. I lip read Lynn telling the man on the raised platform on seats about people who can change forms from Human to wolf.   Admiral Lynn signed to me to change my form to Human which I did and she asked me to light the cauldron. I saw a door next to the people on the raised platform. The door was familiar. I remembered it was a door. So I aimed my stick at the door. A ball of lightening came from my stick and hit the door. The door opened. The man on the raised platform yelled no. Samol with cross-sticks came out and put the man in a coffin. I asked Lynn who he was. She told me his name was Jupiter. Then General Wickers stood between two lighted small cauldrons and then the cauldron lit up. I wonder what planet we’re on. I asked Lynn she told me the planet is called Humania I’m surprised.  I looked in the sky and I could see some moon that reminded me of Edenia. Then there was a creature in Native American wear. He had a sun mask on covering his eyes. Lynn bowed to him and called him Honored One. Honored One signed that the two of us were to go through the door.  I wanted to stay but Honored One seemed to know my thoughts signed it wasn’t a good idea. He didn’t give any reason why.  I gave my stick to Lynn then we went to the door and entered it hand and hand.  We entered a cave. I sat down to write in here. I wonder where we are. I hope we’re someplace nice. I’m glad that Bruce is with me.  The cave is beginning to fill up with smoke. It’s making me cough. I’m trying to write in here but the smoke is distracting. 

Yours 
Elizabeth

September 5
Dear Anne,
 
 Yawn I woke up on a hospital bed. A woman in blue coverall was looking at me. I asked her what happened. She told me it was September 5 and she's a doctor. I asked her what happened. She explained I was in a coma for many days since January. I asked her why they couldn’t try putting a cat on me. She was confused about cats. I felt fine. She told me there aren’t any cats. I look on the bed next to mine and I could see Bruce asleep. I asked her where am I. She told me I’m in a hospital on a planet underground. I’m surprised. It is very weird. I wonder if I’ll ever get home to Earth.  I got up and looked out the window. There was an underground garden like on the space station.  I asked her what happened to Earth. She was confused. I told her I had a lot of dreams and dreamed of many things that I’m confused on where I am. I asked her what year it was. She was confused on that. I asked her for her name. She explained it was Lydia Zeskaya who reminded me of Anna my descendant.  I’m surprised that she doesn’t know what year it is.  I asked her what happened to Bruce and I. She told me that while exploring the caves, she found Bruce and me asleep on the ground in front of the gate. Their people have been using it to go to different worlds.  I asked her why we were underground. She explained that ships came and destroyed many cities above. We’re underground for safely.  I asked her when she was born. She told me she didn’t know.  I pulled out my diary and started writing. I can’t wait to go home. I'm feeling homesick.  I have no idea what’s going on. I asked Lydia if there was a war. She explained there is with the High Council. Lydia left to elsewhere. I think I’ll explore the area as soon as I can wake up Bruce. Bruce seemed to be in a coma. I couldn’t wake him. Lydia came back with a female in a green coverall. She had blonde hair. Lydia is brown. The blonde hair women put a hand on Bruce’s forehead. Then Bruce woke up. He sat up. The blonde woman signed that her name was Jessa Arkov apparently Bruce’s descendant. We talked about the planet we’re on. I asked Lydia if it had a name. She told me the planet’s name is Okapi. Whoa I noticed that Lydia and Jessa ears were pointed and their faces made me think of a cat. I don’t know.  I asked Jessa if we could explore the area. She told us that we have to be implanted with hearing aids. There’s a perfection law in effect that is killing others who are not perfect. I told Jessa no thanks on the hearing aids. She wasn’t happy about that. I told her about going back to the doorway and leaving here. Jessa and Lydia had a private talk in foreign language. They decided it was a good idea to me. I’m sorry that I can’t stay and explore Okapi. It seems to be a nice world.  Jessa and Lydia put us to sleep with needle like objects. We woke up in the cave while they were looking at us frantically. Jessa gestured towards us to go which Bruce and I walked through. We landed in the middle of a garden that had dome roof. I wonder where we are. I decided to write in here. I had been going through the doorway so many times that I wonder how many times I have to go before I reach home. I feel like on a TV show where people entered doorways to different worlds. The garden had fruit. So I think I’ll eat something. I ate an apple then threw it up. I don’t know why. Bruce is elsewhere. I don’t know where. He’s here running at me. 

	Rushed,
	Elizabeth

September 6
Dear Anne, 

 What happened was Bruce explored the garden and ran into soldiers who were humans. They saw him and tried to shoot him with their laser guns. We went through the door again. Not again. I’m getting sick of this. I can’t wait to get home. I want to go home. I miss my parents. We entered a forest. I looked in the sky and I could see it was a moon that was dead. I suspect we’re on Earth. I threw up in the bushes. Bruce looked concerned. He told me what happened.  I hope we’re on Earth. If we are we’re in trouble. There’s a perfection law that we have to take.  I’m writing in here. I hope I’m home. I don’t know what year it is or what day of the week it is.  A band of men with guns came and aimed the guns at us. 
One of them said "Imperfection".  
I asked them where we were. One of them told us Earth.  I’m home and I’m in trouble.  I hid my diary in my pocket. The men escorted us to a space shuttle. They put us in cages. I looked out the window of the shuttle and I saw the planet. It looked like depths to me. There were fires on the horizon. The shuttle took us out of the planet Earth to a gate. Then I was thrown against the wall as the ship went in hyper drive. I think it was hyper drive. I’m not sure. We arrived on a planet that eerie looked like Terra but different. There wasn’t a green moon orbiting the planet. The shuttle landed in the middle of the desert. I asked one of the guards where we are. He told me Okapi.  Then they handcuffed us together and walked to a mountain cave. There were metal stairs going down. We went down and down in a spiral. I could see the earth walls. They were cool color. At the bottom the guards hit me on the head and knocked me out. I woke up in a gray cell with no windows. There was air conditioning. The bed was lumpy. I have a headache. I feel awful.  I threw up over the side of the bed. I wonder how their going to kill me? I don’t know.  A guard came so I hid the journal on me. The Guard took me down the hallway to a door and opened it. In it was a room with a table. Lydia stood when she saw me. She told me that I was going to be executed by noon. I asked her what time it was. She told me 11am. I’ll be dead in an hour. I told her to keep my journal for me. She explained that they would destroy it. I hope not. The guard came and led me down the hallway back to my cell. I was surprised to see Bruce. The guard told me to have any last minute fun with Bruce. Bruce and I talked and decided to write in here. I pulled out my journal and started writing. I wonder how we’ll be killed. I hope we’ll be fine. I’m worried about this. In less than an hour we’ll be dead. I wonder what heaven is like.  Bruce put away his book and is nuzzling my neck. Now he’s kissing it. I think I’ll put away this journal and have last minute fun with him. 

	Yours,
	Liz


 									September 7
Dear Anne,

 Bruce and I had sex. The guards came with gray goo for us to eat and gray drink to drink. I threw it up after eating. Then the guards led us down the hallway to an elevator. The elevator went up so many floors. Then arrived on a floor where people were looking at us with pity in their eyes. They all had pointed ears. So did the guards. There were two tables with restraints on them. They tied us on to the tables and then injected us with something. I fell asleep. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


Dear Anne,

I don’t know where I am or what the date is or how long I was out asleep. I don't have my watch with me. I went to sleep on the table with restraints and woke up in a pile of leaves. I'm in a forest. The trees are thick and familiar. I threw up. I don’t know what's going on. Lucky I had my diary with me.  I saw Bruce come from behind a tree. He ran to me and hugged me. I kissed him on the lips. Then we explored the forest. The trees were big and huge. I don’t know where we are.  Then I looked up at the sky it was orange color. I find that ridiculous.  Bruce and I proceed to have sex. It was very pleasant. I guess we miss each other so badly. I looked up in the sky and I could see a purple chicken ship fly by. I'm sure that the Mesan’s Curse is nearby.  I felt drumming vibrations. Bruce and I saw an angel a being in white which gestured for us to follow him. I think I was him. We followed the being through the forest and reached a beach. The water was red color. It is very weird world we're on. Bruce took a sip of the water and spit it out. He told me it was salt water. A raft came up the water. Bruce and I got on the raft. The raft went to an island. We saw a purple chicken ship near the island. On the island Bruce and I saw a human male who had a reptile looking forehead. He was wearing an outfit, which were black pants and black turtleneck. The male seemed to be in his twenties. He was aiming a knife at his heart. I tried to convince him that killing himself wouldn't do. He explained his father was captured by a High Council ship I asked him why. He explained he had an argument with his father. I told him not to give up and try to get his father out from the High Council. Then there was a ball of lightening in the sky. I saw something that looked round and oval land on the island. Bruce and I ran with the male to the life pod. I was sure it was a life pod. The life pod's door open and a man I recognized to be Teorjer got out. His eyes were all black. 
The male spoke "Father is me, your son." 
Bruce asked me what the young man said. I repeated what he said to Bruce. Teorjer attacked the young man who pulled out a metal bar and hit his father with the bar in the ribs. Teorjer shook his head and then the young man dropped the metal bar as father and son hugged then the scene changed like I was in a dream. I dreamed I was in an arena with other humanoid animals. I was holding a stick with a star symbol on it. I was firing the stick with lightening to light the cauldron. The Cauldron lit up then the scene changed to Teorjer and the young man who they were hugging each other and getting along great. Then they entered a purple chicken ship and the ship flew off.  I can't wait to go home. I then dreamed I was in a white hallway. The end of the hallway was covered in white light. 
I reached the white light and saw the three men, Teorjer, King Sea, and Ellison Donovan told me in sign language "Thank you." 
Then I the scene changed to something else like I had a dream where I also dreamed of General Wickers having some kind of marriage ceremony to Valeria which involved having their right hands tied together with string and then kissing each other on the lips weird. I keep having weird dreams. I don't know why but it is ridiculous. I think I better pinch myself in case. Owe I dreamed of myself being pinched with a needle. I woke up in a room that is metal all around there is a metal door with a door knob. I felt myself wearing some rubber black suit. 
The door open and a human version of a snake came in. the snake signed to me "It's all right; I'm not here to hurt you." 
The snake said his name was Kokay. He signed I was in a case of ice a balloon creature split out at them. Then Kokay gestured for me to follow him. I noticed my feet were bare. I followed him out the room to a metal hallway. There were pipes on the ceiling. I felt like I was in some underwater drilling rig.  We reached a big room and there were submersibles. About three of them in the color gray. He gave me my diary in a waterproof bag. I asked him why I was here. He explained he wasn't sure. He led me to a pool. He told me to put my hand in the pool. I did that and saw my hand changed to a webbed white hand. It was very weird. I put my foot in the pool and watched as my foot changed into flipper foot. I jumped into the pool and felt like my form changed into something with gills on the sides of my chest. I don't know why. Weird. I fell asleep and woke up facing Kokay. He told me in sign language that I fell asleep in the water. It explains my wet feeling.  Kokay handed me some soup. It was algae and tasted like chicken. I asked Kokay where he learned sign language. He explained he was deaf too. This time Kokay and I were on an island that had a melting volcano. Kokay told me to go in the water and swim away. 
I told him "Not without you." 
Kokay told me he was dying anyway. He told me to go in the water and revert to my swimmer self.  I went in the water and felt a change in me. I felt I had gills on my sides. I felt something clear plastics cover my eyes and my face like a mask. I was swimming in the ocean like a fish. It was very weird. Then the scene changed to show me in a forest wearing coveralls which I looked around. I saw my Mom and Dad ahead of me who are walking away from me. I'm running to catch up with them. They are getting farther and farther away. I reached a beach and I saw an island. My parents were walking on water. I can't believe it. I look to my left and I see an angel being of light that signs to me. The being told me my parents are okay. I would be safe soon then the scene changed like a dream which I dreamed of having sex with Bruce who disappeared once the ritual was done. Then I walked in the forest and then I saw Bruce there. We ran to each other and hugged. We walked to a beach and went in the water with our coveralls on. I felt something wrap itself around my leg. Bruce carried me out of the water. We checked my leg. I saw spines, which Bruce took out. I felt funny a bit weird. Bruce laid me on the beach. We sat there resting from swimming. Then I felt a gagging sensation. I felt I couldn't breathe. I went to the water with Bruce behind me and breathe the water. Bruce was shocked to see me do this then I passed out.
I woke up in a forest. I saw Kokay. He grabbed me and carried me to the beach. I looked behind him and I could see lava flowing from a mountain. Kokay put me in the water and I felt gills in my sides. I swam away in the water. I surfaced to see lava cover the entire island. I saw Kokay walked into the lava. I couldn't hear him scream. He went into the lava. Then the island sank into the water causing a big smoke to surface from the water then I passed out unconscious.
 I woke up in a forest. I saw smoke in the distance and I walked towards the smoke. The sky was an orange color. It was very weird. I followed the smoke until I came to a smoldering house in ruins. The house was eerie familiar. It was very weird.  I wandered around the house and went into the forest. I pulled out my diary. I started writing in here. I felt someone taps my shoulder and I looked to see a Banshee hit me with a tree branch. I passed out then I came to I was in the forest where the sky was orange. I looked around and started walking. Then I reached a smoldering house. I think the house was my grandparent's house from the looks of it. I'm not sure.  I saw a Banshee again attack me with a tree branch. I ran away and fell into a hole. The hole seemed to be made out of metal. I slipped through it until I reached a room in the ground. The room had a table and chairs made out of wood. There was a lamp. I turned around to see a Banshee attack me with a tree branch. I grabbed the chair and whacked the Banshee hard on the head. The Banshee's head fell away and the body fell to the ground then I passed out and then I woke up in a forest again and saw the orange sky. What am I an alien? It is very weird. The sky was orange. I went to the rock I found and discovered it was really an egg. I hid behind a tree as a baby dragon about my height came out of the egg. Then the dragon wandered around. I walked until I reached a river. The water was red colored. I tasted it. It was salty. I looked up in the sky and I could see a dragon fly by. I have no idea what world I'm on except it could be Edenia but the sky doesn’t make any sense. I walked in the forest and found a house. I took a good look at the house. It was square looking with round windows. The house is white colored. There is a pool with blue water in it. I went inside the house and got a glass of water like I was its current occupant. I discovered the water was blue colored. I guess red for salt water and blue for fresh water. I'm surprised that this is an alien world. I saw Lydia reading a book who finished it. I think I'll ask her some questions. 
Lydia seemed a little upset when I asked, "What planet is this?" 
I told her about being in a coma for a few months. She told me the planet's name is Okapi. Oh. I remember there was a perfection law. I told Lydia about a dream about a perfection law. Lydia told me there was a law on Earth but not on Okapi. Oh well. I'm shocked that I'm on an alien planet and the year is 2001. I don't believe it.  Lydia started cooking dinner. I saw a male and a female came to the house separately in different cars. I noticed one detail about the cars was they don't run on wheels. They seemed to be hover cars. I think it is very interesting. I asked Lydia why I was here. She told me she'd tell me why later. It was dinnertime.  The male I learned was Lydia’s husband Ben told me he dropped off a filled in job application to me in a bookstore. I asked to explore the town. Lydia told me it wasn't a good idea. They signed. It was nice that they know sign language. I lip read Lydia and Ben talking to each other about me asking what planet I was on. The other female turning out to be their daughter Carine mentioned an alien word, which I didn't understand. They talked about me. They talked about telling me about Okapi and the year it was. Then Carina gave me a letter which I read was from Bruce. He wrote about his home in a nearby town. He lives on a farm. It is very nice. The farm is on another street near by here. I went outside and I looked at the sky. I could see a green moon. I suspect it was Edenia. I don't know.  I know I'm not on Terra. I stayed outside until the sun set. Ben came out to bring me inside. He told me it wasn't safe for me to be outside explained that there were dragons that come out at night. The dragons have been hurting people here. I went inside and pulled out my diary during TV. It was about Okapi. Then I went to my room and looked around. I discovered the house was made out of metal. I banged on the walls and felt a boom vibration. I checked the TV. It was a thin TV. I examined it. I discovered the TV is also a computer too. I looked online for the year and got 2001. What the heck is going on? I'm very curious. I looked for my web site on Lance Richard. I found it up along with my gymnastics web site. It was very interesting. I thought Bruce and I died on Okapi. I have a feeling that Lydia, Ben and Carina aren't who they say they are. I think someone else. I'm not sure. I came out of the shower to find the three reading my diary while in the bathroom. They apologized. They were checking to make sure I wasn't suicidal.  I went to my room to watch the news. The news talked about a fire burning people's houses around here. Apparently the dragons are displeased with people building their houses on hatching ground. I hope the house isn't on hatching ground. I really hope not. I should be going to bed. By the way the phone is a videophone. The bookstore called and told me to start working tomorrow from 10am to 5pm.  I hope work is okay. I really do. 

Yours truly,
Liz


Dear Anne,
 
 	Work is not fine. The customers were rude and messy. I hate this job. I would rather have a computer job. I can't wait to get out of here. Bruce stopped by to my joy but was standoffish with me giving him affection just to buy some books. Then he left the store. I worked in the women's books department. I noticed most of the books are covered in wrapping paper. I wonder what's going on. This world is very weird. I have no idea. I don't know what happened to Terra either.  I noticed many people were wearing metal bracelets on their wrists. I noticed I had a bracelet on my left wrist. The thing was like a watch. It told time too. Well I tried to get it off but couldn't. I have no idea what's with this. It is very weird.  There are snack machines for me to eat and drink. I can eat the food.I don’t know. Work was boring. I was bored. I daydreamed about Earth. I felt pain in my wrist from the wrist watch I looked around to see a police officer holding a remote control in his hand. He pressed a button and my wrist felt pain. I went back to work cleaning up after customers. I think Okapi is a prison planet. I'm not sure. I been noticing the customers seemed to have disabilities. I don't know but I suspect they do. I noticed some had fake legs because they were limping. I also saw some with a fake arm with a claw at the end. I saw a blind man being led by a woman with hearing aids in one ear. I saw the same police officer again. I cleaned and ignored him. I can't wait for my shift to be over. I'm getting bored and I hate it here. The officer followed me into the break room and tried to sign to me. He finger spelled that he was willing to pay me money to have sex in bed. I politely turned him down. I told him it was impossible for me to have a baby. Then the man tried to kiss me which made me kick him in the private part. He glared at me. An employee my boss Lillie Fjord came in. she looked annoyed. She told the police officer to leave. Then she signed to me and warned me about the police. I told her about being married to some deaf guy. She believed me. She told me she was married too. The police have been hitting onto women who are married while ignoring the ones who aren’t married. I don't believe this. It is weird. I asked Lilia if this was a prison planet. She confirmed that. The planet was for people who do not meet the perfection law. I wonder about my parents and grandparents. I told her about my parents. She told me they were shipped off the planet to Earth. They matched the perfection requirements and had finished their sentence. I was shocked at this. She left to go back to work. I went to eat. Yawn what a long day. I worked until 5pm then I walked home. It was a long walk. One good thing was Bruce's farm is on my way home. As I was walking home I saw Bruce drove up in the car. He drove me home. On the way he pointed out the farm. The farm was three metals like buildings in the middle of cornrows. It was interesting seeing it. At home I went to my room to take a nap. I dreamed the house was on fire. I don't know why. But it is very weird.  Then Lydia woke me up to tell me it was dinner time. I ate dinner then watched my favorite TV show. Then I went to my room to write in here. 
I'm wearing a blue coverall. It has a pocket that is big enough for my diary. Lydia and Ben’s TV is thin looking like a picture frame. I discovered it was also like a computer too. I could go on the Internet. I checked out my web site on gymnastics. Someone added a year. It was made in 2101. Oh boy so it's not 2001. I don’t think so. I suspect it might be a different year. I went outside and I saw the sun set. It was very beautiful. Even in the orange sky. Then I went inside and took a shower. This time I locked the bathroom door and brought my diary in the bathroom.  I noticed that my hair has been getting long. I might want to have it cut. After the shower I went to my room and went online the Internet. I looked for a year and discovered that the year is still 2001 here. I looked online for Earth year and couldn’t find it. I got several blocks in the computer. I suspect that people don’t want me to know what year it is.  I think I'll go to bed now. I' don't know what I'm doing tomorrow. I only work at the book store on a day called Sundays. 

	Yours
	Elizabeth
?
Dear Anne,

 I added a question mark to the date where I put it because I don’t know what the date is. I wonder what happened to me. I don’t know what's going on. Bruce called on the phone at 10am and left a message. He wanted to drive me to someplace to eat.  Lydia gave her permission. She woke me up at 11am and told me Bruce called. I got up and got dressed. I sat outside to watch for Bruce. Bruce came and we went out. He drove me to a restaurant on the same street at his farm. The restaurant didn’t have much in its menu but the food was interesting. Being a picky eater I only ate a sandwich, and apple juice to drink. Bruce had meat. After the food he drove me to his farm and gave me a tour. The farm was huge. It was a house and two barns that had animals such as horses, goats and sheep. It was interesting. Then he drove me home in time to watch the soap opera. After the soap opera we went outside and sat on the bench under a tree talking about Okapi. Bruce thinks his grandfather is really on Earth. I told Bruce about Lydia lying to me about the year. Bruce told me he suspected his grandfather lying too. I wonder what's with the planet.  Bruce and I went back inside to eat dinner. Lydia had dinner in the oven cooking. I watched the news with Bruce till it was dinnertime. One thing it now takes five minutes to cook food.  Bruce and I had some dinner and then watched my favorite TV show. It's on Monday to Friday. I'm happy about that. I showed Bruce my left wrist. He showed me his right wrist. There was a metal band on the wrist. He complained about feeling pains on it. Lydia I saw got a phone call. It was Lad. He was looking for Bruce. Bruce went home. I kissed him on the cheek. He kissed me on the hand. I think Lydia wasn't pleased by the look on her face. I went to my room and watched the news. They talked about the dragons belching out fire. They added the dragons have been torching houses. I hope it doesn't torch Lydia's house. I have a headache. I think I'll go to sleep after I take my shower. 
	
	Yours,
	Elizabeth

Dear Anne,

I left my door open a crack and during the night I felt cat paws all over me and just woke me up by landing on my stomach. Oof I opened my eyes and discovered that there wasn’t a cat despite feeling one. I pulled out my diary and started writing. I suspect I'm here on this planet for a few years. I don't know. I'm not sure. In two hours Lydia will wake me up. I guess I'll go back to sleep. Lydia woke me up at 10:30am. She told me I was to go to school. Bed according to her was teaching a class about sign language. I don't know. I drove myself to the school. There was a computer on the car that showed where the school was.  The school was for kids age’s six to twelve. They gathered in the gym. Ben signed while he talked. He talked mostly about me being deaf and learning sign language. He taught the kids the alphabet. Then kids asked questions. Mostly about what it was like being deaf and learning sign language.  I saw some kids were deaf too like me. They seemed to know sign language because they signed. After that Ben and I drove home in separate cars. . I'm a little bit bored. I'm sure my soap opera will be on at 3pm. I'm not sure. I've been watching it for awhile. I hope to go to college sometime. I don't believe this. Instead of my soap opera I got the news instead. They talked about a planet being colonized in the Okapi system.   Well the planet's name was Oksana. What a name besides it sounds Russian. The news talked about the perfection law. Earth was sending an army to Okapi to kill off people who did not meet the perfection law requirements. The ship will be arriving in a few months. I'm very annoyed about that.  Bruce stopped by. I told him what the news just said. Bruce got angry. He told me he remembered being on Terra. I told him I remember too. It was weird. Lydia and Ben came home. They were upset. I told them about the news. They told me to go into the forest when the army people come. They might be here in a few months. I'm not sure. I don't know.  Bruce and I looked out the window to see a truck on wheels stop in front of the house. Men with army outfits on came out with guns. Bruce and I went out the back door and ran as fast we could in both Human and wolf forms. I remembered to bring my journal in its waterproof pocket. We ran changing our forms to wolves until we reached the river. I turned around to feel a boom. I saw smoke in the sky. I think it’s the house on fire. We crossed the river and ran up the mountain. At the top we ran into the bushes. I could see a helicopter. It fired at the tree I was hiding. Bruce and I ran down the mountain. We felt the ground give away beneath us. We fell in metal tubes that led to a mattress. I looked up to see people with guns aimed at us. One of them a man with shiny eyes held out his hand. I gripped it. 
He signed "Welcome to the rebel stronghold." 
Bruce and I got up and took a look around. We were in a huge cavern. There were tents and a blue river next to the tents. The guy introduced himself. Said his name was Luke Kingly. I asked him if he was related to Maureen and Christian kingly. He told me in sign language that they were his ancestors. I asked him what year was it. He wouldn’t tell me because he clammed up. I noticed that Luke was around my height. Bruce is taller by a few inches. He showed us the cavern area. It was interesting. I saw tents. He gave us a tent to sleep in. there was sleeping bags and pillows. Bruce and I explored the cave. There were twenty tents with several people. I met them. They each had something the army was going to kill them for. There was a big tent for food. There are glow balls light the caves. I don’t' know what they are. One of the people told us in sign language that it was time to go to bed. They were moving out early tomorrow.  I checked the time it was 9pm. I'm sure Lydia and Ben are dead. I'm not sure.  I better go to sleep now. The light is getting quite dim. 
 
	Yours,
	Elizabeth


Dear Anne,
 
 A man who told us to get up and put the tent away waked us up. The tent is small triangle shaped. It reached to my waist. There is room inside for the both of us.  A female I saw was Lillie Fjord helped us put the tent away in a backpack. The tent actually folds into a backpack. What a nice invention. It is very interesting. Bruce and I followed the others down the stream to a cave entrance. Someone carried glow balls. We entered the cave and reached a basement of a house. It was very interesting. The house looked like it hasn't been used for a long time. There was dust. I sneezed a few times.  I felt a boom and turned around to see them closing up the cave wall. Then we went upstairs. There were several floors to the house. The house was similar to Lydia and Ben’s house. We picked rooms and stayed in by gender. I looked out the window and I could see that the yard was overgrown. It was very interesting. There were trees next to the house.  I picked the living room with Bruce. So did Lillie and two others. I checked the refrigerator for food. There were gooey foods. We all gathered in the kitchen and ate the goo. There were about twenty of us. I counted. We introduced ourselves. Most of us knew sign language. I volunteered to go out and find some fruit trees. Lillie told me it was nice of me to volunteer but she suggested only hearing people go out. Three people volunteered a man and two women. They went outside. I saw them out the window. They were talking about radioing the army and telling them where we are. I used my voice and told every one in the room what the three people outside said. Lillie was outraged. She told me she suspected I could lip read. One of the people ran outside yelling about me lip reading. The three people ran into the forest and hid behind the trees. I saw one of them pull a black object from their pocket. Then there was a blast.  I felt myself thrown out the window with Bruce. We hit the ground with an oof.	
I woke up and I could see white trees along with Bruce nearby lying on his back awake staring at the sky. The sky was dark blue color. The sun shined bright orange. I think I'm in an alternative world. The trees are bare and white. The ground is brown color. I think it is weird. I don't know. I got out my journal and started writing. I can't wait to get out of here. I'm going crazy. I turned to look at a tree and saw men with guns come out of it and started shooting at us. I lay down and made myself still. I lay there until the men with guns left on the truck. Then Bruce and I attended to the wounded. It wasn't any good several people died on me. Then I felt a tugging sensation on my hand and looked it was one of the wounded who happened to be a male in his fifties who was bleeding in the heart area. I lip read him asking me to hug him. I hugged him and he died in my arms.  I felt pain in my back and fell to the ground. I looked to see a police officer with his gun aimed at me. He had a look of disgust on his face. He shot me and I woke up in a forest. Next to me was Bruce. The house behind us was in fire. I saw people run at us. I woke up Bruce and we got up. One of the people was Lillie Fjord. She signed if we were okay. I told her I felt pins and needles feeling in my legs and chest. Lillie examined me. She found glass in my clothes. She wiped the glass away. She examined Bruce and found glass on him. I had cuts on my chest but lucky for me none of the glass was in my skin. Lillie found Bruce fine. We stood and looked at the house. It was covered in fire. Parts of it had broken away. I looked in the sky and I saw helicopters coming. 
I yelled "helicopters!" 
Then we ran into the bushes. I hid while men with guns got off the helicopter. They looked around then I felt someone hit me in the head behind with a tree branch which I passed out.
 	I came to feel someone was slapping me on the face.  I woke up feeling Lillie waking me. She and I were in a gray cell. We were both wearing red jumpsuits. I have no idea why I'm in this cell. I asked Lillie. She told me that after they knocked me out they tore off my coverall and put this coverall on. I don't believe this. They found my diary and couldn't read the language in it. I felt my pocket and found my diary in my pocket. I was relieved. I wrote down what happened so far. I asked her about Bruce. She told me Bruce was send away. I'm a little worried about Bruce. I wonder where they took him. The door opened a man came in dressed in army fatigues. He aimed the gun at Lillie and fired. Then shot me too which I passed out. 
 I had a weird dream that I was on a ship in space. The ship didn't have gravity so I was floating around. I was in a cell a room with water dripping filling up the cell with water. I took a drink of water and spit it out. It was acid. I think this dream is very weird. Is this my body's way of fighting the virus by keeping my mind clear? I don't know. It is very weird. I wonder why I keep dying and turning out alive. It's very strange. Sigh.  
I woke up in a forest. The sky was dark brown. The air was dusty. I found I was breathing heavily. I saw Bruce lying next to me and I woke him up. We looked around the sky. I pulled out my journal and found myself and Bruce wearing strange clothing that resembled white robes. It was very weird. We saw a being of light like an angel. The angel gestured for us to follow her. We followed the angel to the edge of the forest. I could see dark black crystal spires in the distance in a dark forest. The sky was dark brown color. Bruce was next to me looking worried. I asked him what happened he explained I fainted.  I look up and I could see an angel. The angel gestured for us to follow her. We followed the angel to a door. The angel opened the door and showed white clouds and blue sky. Bruce and I walked through and found us in a meadow in a forest. It was interesting. I finally figured out that it was my body's way of fighting the virus. I told Bruce that. He didn't laugh at me. He suspected this too. We wandered around the forest. I found a path that was a road. We walked on the road until we reached a house. It was like a nineteenth century house made out of wood. A man looking like Vladimir Arkov came out. He was wearing brown pants. And a brown long sleeve top. He told us to come inside quickly. We went inside the house. Inside were three rooms which had a living room, kitchen and bedroom. He handed us brown coveralls. I changed in the bedroom in private. There was a fireplace with a fire roaring. There was a pocket for my diary. I felt fine. Well Lad told us we're on Terrania I asked him how he knew us. He explained he was a seer. Oh.  I checked my watch and found it was working. I pulled out my diary and started writing. There were two couches. I checked the bedroom there was a mattress on the floor.  Bruce and I checked out the barn. It had three horses. Oh good I could learn how to ride a horse. It was soon night time. Lad warned us that people with unknown names come out at nighttime killing people who were out in nighttime. We went back into the house. Lad gave me the bedroom to sleep in. I checked and I didn't found a bathroom. It was outside next to the house.  I'll probably come out later to go. I hope I can hold it I asked Lad for the date which he acted confused and refused to tell me. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth


Dear Anne,
. 
I woke up feeling sick. I felt I had to throw up. I ran outside and threw up in the bathroom. The bathroom was small building with a cellar in the ground below. I threw up and threw up. Then when I finished I opened the door to see a hooded figure with his sword drawn. Then the figure put his sword away. I walked back to the house. Lad was up. He was annoyed that I walked out. I explained I threw up. I was feeling sick. I went back to the bedroom. I pulled out my diary and in the firelight I started writing. I feel fine. I wonder why the hooded figure didn't kill me. It's very weird. I checked my right arm and I could see three numeral markings on my arm. I think I better go to bed. I don't know what time I'll be up tomorrow because I was waked up by Lad. I asked him why he let me sleep so late. He explained I was sick. So he thought it was a nice gesture to sleep late. He handed me eggs for breakfast. I ate it. It was okay. I drank milk. I got up and wandered around. I saw that in the barn there was a cow and chickens in their coop. Then I walked back to the cabin. I'm calling it cabin because it’s like a cabin. I felt dizzy so I went to the bedroom and lay down. I'm feeling dizzy and I have a headache right now. I think I'll take a nap. I hope I'm fine. I slept until 6pm. I didn't have any weird dreams. It was strange.  Bruce came in the cabin. I told him about naming the cabin. He agreed to call it cabin. Bruce kissed me on the cheek and gave me flowers. I put in a glass of water. Then Bruce gave me some dinner. Dinner was applesauce. Bruce learned how to make applesauce. There were apple trees near the cabin. Then Bruce lay down next to me. He snuggled next to me. We lay there for a while. Bruce is nuzzling my neck. Now he's kissing it. I guess we'll be having sex before the day is over. I don’t know. I have no idea what's making me sick. I know it's impossible for me to be pregnant. It is very weird. 
I'm feeling wound up. Bruce and Lad are sleeping on separate couches. I'm in the bed. I feel I have to go. I'm nervous being outside with those people being around. I think I'll try to hold it. I feel I have a throw up feeling in my throat. I think I'll try to sleep now.
I just sneezed achoo! Achoo! I hope I'm not getting a cold. My nose is a little runny. I hope I'm fine with nothing new about me. I think I'll try to sleep now. 

	Yours,
	Elizabeth

Dear Anne, 
 
I ran outside to the bathroom and threw up. There weren't any tissues.  I had to use leaves to clean myself. I even threw up.  I had a feeling of being watched. I felt there were glowing eyes in the bushes. A hooded gray figure stepped out of the bushes and bowed to me. I ran into the cabin. Lad wasn't happy that I was out sick again. I think I'll go to bed now. I wonder what's making me sick. Is it the virus? I don't know. Yawn I'm a little tired. I think I'll go back to sleep now. The fire is roaring. It's very beautiful. Lad woke me up at 7am. He told me to come outside. We went outside and saw two branches shaped like an “X” put together. Lad told me that hoodlums (no joke) must have thought we're special. That is cute. I wonder how special are we? I don't know. Breakfast was apples. I'm feeling tired. I think I'll take a nap. I hope I can sleep. Lad interrupted my writing. He wanted me to help him and Bruce out in the barn getting eggs and milking the cow.  He told me my sickness isn't an excuse to not do any work. I ache all over. I milked the cow. I got scratches on my arms from getting eggs from the chickens. Bruce and Lad were busy pulling the plow making grooves in the ground. I planted seeds. It was awful. I'm tired. Yawn. I can't wait to go to bed. I ache all over.  I'm finally finished. I had to help Bruce and Lad with the plow. It was hard to plow in the ground. It was hard. I think I'll go to bed now. I'm tired. Dinner was more apples. I can't help being tired. I hope I won't throw up again. The sunset was beautiful. I'm glad.  I made sure I went before the sunset. I feel fine, except I ache all over. I think the boys are having no trouble sleeping. I hope I won't get up at 3am in the morning again. I hope not.
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth

 	
								October 20, 2001
Dear Anne,
 
It’s a new month and a new date I was out in a coma from the virus for awhile so here’s what happened while I was out. I remember thinking of the day. I recall thinking it's a good thing I went to bed early. Lad woke me up. The cabin was on fire. We ran out of the cabin and watched it burn. Then the rain came and washed the fire out. We saw people come with pitchforks. They threw food at us. Lad grabbed our hands and pulled us through the forest. We saw people with pitchforks following us. Then we reached a door. The door opened and Lad pushed Bruce and me through the door. We found ourselves in a forest. I have no idea where we are. Bruce wanted to talk to me. Our talk was about the virus.  I felt vibrations on the ground which felt like an earthquake.  An angel being of light in a male form appeared and the being gestured for us to follow him. We followed him through the forest to a beach. I could see dolphins were flying out of the water making a splash. Then one landed on the beach. I felt a vibration every time the dolphin walked. It hopped forward towards us. I guess it was a dragon drum. I told Bruce that. The dolphin turned into an angel. The angel signed those we were really unconscious fighting the virus. The angel asked us if we wanted to live or die. Bruce and I had a private talk and decided to live. Then the angel turned into a tree and sunk into the earth. Then the tree creature swallowed us both. 
I came to by me waking up in a hospital room. I saw my mom crying next to me looking upset. I asked her why she was upset. She stopped crying and abruptly hugged me and told me she was so worried that I wouldn't come out of the effects of the virus. I looked on the bed next to mine and I saw Bruce. He was up and awake. He waved hi to me. I waved hi back. Mom told me I been in and out of reality due to the virus she even told me today was October twentieth.  It seemed according to her and the doctors that the virus was a mutated type of flu was making me see things that aren’t there like I was in catatonia and have depression attacks too.  I asked mom if I was cured. She assured me I was cured. I looked through my diary and found entries that were very weird. I can't believe I wrote all that during my time I was out of it very strange. I had a very weird year. Bruce and I gave each other our addresses. Bruce lives near Wolfville while I live in Hamden now according to Mom.  I think Bruce is the one. I'm not sure.  
	
Yours,
	Elizabeth

October 21, 2001 
Dear Anne,

	What happened to me started the moment I was hit with the deadly flu type virus? Mom told me the whole story. She told me that Kurt Deboy was really a Human Genetic Engineered Weapon along with others made by the United States in an Asylum in Connecticut. She explained Kurt escaped from the Asylum in December. The government caught Kurt, had him killed and issued the same order to the others except for three of them who proved to be the cure to the virus. The U.S.A. government just recently admitted the truth about the Kurt and the others after the virus’s cure was found. The President according to Mom wasn't happy about Kurt and the others made behind his back. He didn't know of this. Only a few members of the high ranking officers of the government were aware of this. The President once he found out immediately had them apologize to the people and discontinue the program. I asked about Sue. Mom told me that Sue was taken with Kurt because she was pregnant with his baby and that she already had her baby a boy named Liam. She was sent to the Asylum to live with the others while sick with the virus. Mom told me one of the Human Genetic Engineered Weapons used their poisonous claws on Sue which the venom killed off the virus. The blood of two others related to the one poisoning Sue was the antidote that cured her of the venom. As a result she was cured and the doctors discovered the same effect on the other virus victims.  
I looked back at the words Mom wrote, I read while I was in the tented room back in January. 
She wrote: "Actually you'll be put in a coma to fight the virus" 
Oh so that's what Mom was saying. She never said anything about being frozen. I told Mom about those times I was in her world. She happily explained the virus left me like a zombie in a dream world. I told mom to tell me what happened and the whole story beginning with the moment back in January. Mom told me she wrote down the whole story in my journal to read once I came out of the zombie state. Here’s what she wrote:
	"Lisha, Kurt was seen hanging around Milly Mall before you and Sue arrived. Phone records indicate that Sue called Kurt and told him where she was going the previous day. A government official arrived and recognized Kurt and alerted the police. Kurt aware of this ran in and tailed you and Sue. He entered the store with a gun and yanked out a bed sheet, which he put over himself. He fired the gun causing people to run away from him. The Police arrived and they threw smoke bombs to knock people out in the store. The doctors examined people. Only a few had caught the virus including you and Sue. Kurt was captured and taken to someplace unknown to die. You and Sue were taken to Washington D.C. for evaluation where Sue was discovered pregnant with Kurt’s baby. The only way for you to fight the virus was in a zombie like state. After they cleared you from being contagious they sent you home to Connecticut. You talked with the bellman of the hotel acknowledging him. Then at home you acted like you were normal but didn’t acknowledge your father or me. The doctors told me to resume normal activities. You and Sue with her pregnancy were cleared to have your jobs back. We introduced Bruce one of the victims to you. We tried to keep your virus status a secret but a woman found out and blabbed to the press. There were protests outside about you and Sue. The Police had to come and escort you both off the premises. The crowd pushed the police who accidentally pushed you. You tore two ligaments in your wrist which healed up. I have to admit I've been reading your journal for any clue to get you to acknowledge your father and me. After this happened we went to Germany for better medical care where they tried to put you in a coma. Then on advice of your Grandfather Alexei Zesky Senior we went to Alaska to see a Shaman who claimed he could help people. We had to camp to see him because he was desolate. During the camping days later you and some of the others escaped. Your journal describes that you went in a forest and hid in people's houses never acknowledging the people who lived there. They called the police who came with darts. Maureen and Christian Kingly are one of the virus victims and are alive. They were darted while you and Bruce escaped. Sue’s pregnancy required the government to take her to a facility unknown to watch her and help her with the baby. The virus was named High Council reason unknown. You and Bruce were captured and brought back to Connecticut. You and Bruce lay in a coma falling in and out of conscious. I've hope you would wake up to acknowledge me and say "I Love you". It hurts that you Lisha never acknowledged your parents. I love you and I miss you.  Love Mom"
	 I told Mom "I Love You" and hugged her. It brought tears to her eyes. She was happy to see me. I wanted to know where Dad is. She told me he'll come once he finishes business at work. I looked over on my right and saw Bruce and his father. They were hugging each other. Bruce waved hi to me. I waved hi back. I felt like I missed many things. I won't be going back to college in a while. I'll be recovering from the virus. I hope I can keep my relationship with Bruce. I still want to be his friend and maybe continue the relationship.  I'm tired now. I might as well sleep this tiredness off. 

	Yours, 
	Elizabeth



Epilogue Diary Ends 

Dear Anne, 

	I’ve been home for days now. I saw when I arrived home with Dad, the cats Vicki and Demi were both sniffing my feet like I was a stranger but they let me pet them separately. Both cats didn’t complain when I picked them up and held them separately for a minute. Demi just rubbed her face on my face while Vicki rubbed my ear. I guess they miss me.  It was so good to be at my Dad’s house. The night I got home I got up the stairs and jumped on my bed and clutched my pillow to my chest. I looked around my room and it was the same except for some areas that looked like they were clean of dust. I think Dad has been doing the cleaning in here. I was so happy to be home. I just am so glad to be home and cured of the virus, Yay.
During the night I slept fine with no weird dreams and that one of the cats slept on me like it was their way of saying “Good your home and I want to snooze on you.”
Dad told me after work, during my days of being home, with the cats while he worked, that Gramma and Grampa Najinov are coming over to see me along with Zoya, Aunt Svetlana and my Mom too. They’ll be coming a certain day according to him so it’ll be good to see them and my cousin Zoya too. 
	Later the certain day the Grandparents, Mom, Zoya and Svetlana came and I was so happy to see them. Gramma also had her vanilla cake with her. She solved the mystery by telling me it was a tradition in Russia to give cakes on important dates in her family, which is very interesting. We had a little party for my home coming. My parents for the first time since their divorce were in the same house together chatting and laughing, apparently getting along with each other.  I saw Zoya who I greeted with a big hug. It was nice to do that because I missed her quite a lot. Zoya hugged me back and we spent the party time pouring over the contents of my journal with the weird stuff in it. We even spent time in my room discussing subjects and the wolf changing ability in sign language talk. It’s according to Zoya a Humanoid race called Amula which is a hidden family secret that we don’t want other people to know of. Oh I’ve started a new journal because I finished the one I was using while under the virus the night I got home. 
I just wrote on the last page of that journal in big letters: “It’s so good to be home and slightly sane.” 
The slightly sane remark was a joke. I was trying for a humorous attempt to finish the journal. Whew, it was good to see my family and spend the time with them. 
As for Bruce, our relationship will have to be long distance for a bit by letters, phone and email for awhile because he lives in an area in Wolfville, Connecticut that’s near my Grandparents’ house. I still want a relationship with him and so does he. I still like him and he does like me too. I figured I could always live at the Grandparents’ house and see him from time to time, which means I have to agree with Dad’s wishes of me going to college in Wolfville while living with the Grandparents. Oh that’s a small price to pay just to see Bruce and continue the relationship with him but it’ll be good to do that.  
I’m so glad that my life is back to normal now. It sure was weird being under the virus. I sometimes wonder what happened to the people other than Sue and Bruce and the things I saw while under the virus but I guess their parts of my imagination. I also sometimes wonder if these people and things were real and I think how I will react if I see them. I guess the virus according to Mom made me see many things that it was hard to tell the truth from the fakes. I do know that Sue is real and so is Bruce but me still wondering about the other things too. I guess I better enjoy life the best I can to the fullest because life isn’t meant to be easy all the time. Life is something that can be cut short in an instance so I’m trying my best to enjoy life the best I can. I never know what the future can bring. 

From,
Elizabeth Zeskaya 
































 

