



Adventures of Jacko the Conjurer

Red Skies Blue Skies

Volume I




By Jamie Ott



opyright. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used without written permission, except for where credit duly given.


Black Crowe Publishers: an imprint of Passionate Prose Industries

ISBN-13: 978-0615517124
ISBN-10: 0615517129


For all inquiries, please contact passionateprose@mail.com.


Flight

Chapter 1

By her own hand, Jacko’s mother had been dead for several years. He lived with his father, John, whom the boy hated with every fiber of his being. Although, on one hand, he missed his mother, he also hated her, too. She abandoned and left him to deal with his father and “friend,” as he called her. They thought he was stupid and didn’t know what was going on, but he wasn’t. Just because she managed to leave before he was awake, or stay hidden until he was away at school, didn’t mean he didn’t know she was there all night.
	Jacko lay in bed and listened in disgust to the giggling on the other side of the wall. He moaned loudly and slammed his pillow over his head as he rolled over onto his belly. He couldn’t relax with the creaking sound of the bed in the next room tapping, repeatedly, and sending vibrations into the wall. It was bad enough that they were together but did they have to rub it in? Were they trying to drive him crazy?
	Violently, he shot up from his bed. He stomped to the door, which he slammed into the wall. Without knocking, he opened his father’s door and slammed that into the wall, too. His father, John, and his “friend” Anna jumped to their sides of the bed while trying to cover up. Jacko yelled, “Shut up! I can hear everything you two do through the wall! I’m sick of it!” He rammed the door shut and went back to his room.
	The floor rumbled under the force of his feet as he walked back to his bed where he heavily plopped his body. The metal frame bounced back and forth off the wall. His father opened Jacko’s door, entered the room calmly, and gently closed the door, again. Jacko remained with his face buried in his pillow and readied himself for his father’s backlash.
	He walked to the bed and yanked his head up with a fistful of hair. Jacko tried to resist, but his father was much stronger. John pulled his head back and then gave him a powerful red welt across the face. In a low voice, he said, “You ever do that again and I will beat the crap outta you.” John slammed his face down, hard into the pillow and went back to his room.
	The tapping against the wall resumed. Jacko screamed into his pillow but it didn’t help. He tried to go back to sleep, but the tapping continued. With each tap, Jacko grew angrier and angrier. He imagined shooting his father and Anna, right as they lay in bed, together. Next, he fantasized about shooting himself in the head. Finally, he rolled over onto his back and screamed so loud that the neighbors could have heard, “I CAN’T TAKE IT ANYMOOOOOORE!!” 
	Jacko jumped out of bed, grabbed his air rifle and loaded it with pellets. His father stumbled angrily back into his room. He looked up in time to see his father’s face, red with rage, as he made to rush Jacko. Only, this time, he wasn’t going to let his father beat him. This time he quickly pointed the rifle and shot multiple pellets at him. 
	His father yelped like a dog as he jumped back. He stopped shooting, so his father would have a chance to leave the room. Instead, John and Jacko’s eyes met for second, and then he made to rush him, again. Jacko sent another round of pellets at him. John jumped up and down as he jerked his body about the room like chicken in a cock fight. The pellets hit him ferociously in the chest and thighs with one getting him square in the crotch. John, finally, turned to leave the room and Jacko shot multiple pellets at his back side as he ran out. 
	Jacko wouldn’t have much time for escape, so he rushed into his jeans, a sweater, and a jacket. Immediately, he packed a change of clothes into his red backpack. Next, he grabbed his laptop bag, threw in his cell phone, wallet, and keys. He raised his rifle, slowly opened the door and exited the way he’d seen it done on television.
	Slowly, he opened the door with his gun raised skyward as he peaked his head out. He looked left and right and, upon seeing that all was clear, walked quickly into the hallway with his rifle pointed outward. Jacko scanned the area and then made his way, carefully, to the stairwell. 
	He walked slowly downstairs where, as he stepped off the last step, and onto the landing, he spotted his father on the phone. Jacko assumed he was talking with the police, as they had been through similar violent scenarios before that night. John always ended up calling the cops, who always took his father’s side of all their disputes.
	They looked at each other; his eyes shifted down to the rifle and back up to Jacko’s face. John, gently, hung up the phone. Innocently, John lifted his eyebrows as he walked toward him, trying to emanate a calm yet concerned look with his face. John opened his arms and held them out in a welcome, hug-like gesture, as though trying to convince Jacko, through body language, that all was fine. His father stepped a few paces closer to Jacko, and then charged him like a bull. He made it outside the door in time to hear his father ram himself into the coat rack nailed to the wall behind the door. 
	Jacko hopped onto his black 250cc scooter and rode off without looking back. 

	“Get your ASS back here!” Jacko heard as he sped off.

	Several police cars turned onto his street as he approached stop signs at the end of his block. He knew they must be headed for his home, but Jacko remained calm as he looked both ways before making a left onto the other street. Nothing mattered to Jacko, anymore, because he was determined never to look back on the town with the father that let him down in so many ways.

~~~

	Jacko’s real name was John, like his father’s. His sister, Sissy, told him he’d earned the nickname around Halloween time; that when he was a toddler, learning to speak, he loved the way Jacko, from the word Jack o Lantern sounded. After a week of saying the word, repeatedly, Sissy and his mother became fond of it as a nickname, instead of the common name, Junior.
	He was happy to go by Jacko, instead of Junior, because he didn’t want to be anything like his father. Jacko remembered, clearly, the night his mother and sister left them, and he remembered his father being the cause of his mother’s grief; it was the grief that was the reason she was dead. Yes, he was quite young when they left, but he remembered, vividly, the pain and awkwardness that followed their absence. He remembered how sick he felt when his father and Anna holed up in his room on the same night they left. They blasted music, and only came out, every so often, to get a beer. Jacko, alone, retched again and again into the toilet, in between tears.
	What fueled Jacko’s anger was his sister’s insistence that he not hate his father. After what his father did, he did not understand how she could expect him to feel different. They, as a family, were happy, until Anna came along, so how could she forgive so easily? 
	There was a period when Jacko was angry with his mother and Sissy, too, for leaving him behind. It hurt to think that Sissy was more loved than he. Why else would his mother choose Sissy, and not him? But, when weeks went by without word from either of them, and his father spent increasingly more time with Anna, he became severely depressed.	
	It wasn’t more than a month after they moved out that he got the news of his mother’s suicide. He didn’t know all the facts about what happened, except that she’d consumed a large amount of hemlock root that was boiled into a tea – ‘a strange method of suicide,’ noted the cop. The police delivered the shocking news in their living room, one evening. His father was stone faced and stone cold as they told him how Sissy called 9-1-1, but, when they got to their home, she’d gone.
	Jacko didn’t know, at first, what happened to Sissy, as she didn’t talk to him for several years. Then, one day, she sent him an email. Immediately, he let go of all his anger toward her, for she was all he had. He was grateful she’d come back to him. She was always a good sister; she was always kind and loving; she never picked on him. It made him sad that she was five years older than he was because, sometimes, he thought, if she were with him, then maybe he could tolerate John and his “friend.”
	
~~~

	It was particularly black that April night, as he rode north, along the ocean, toward San Francisco. His blood boiled angry-hot for many miles, and his cell phone rang every half hour. He knew it was his father, but he just didn’t care. They had been through struggles, similar to what happened that evening, and they always ended the same way: Jacko sent to his room, and his father and Anna off drinking and partying.
	Despite the cold air, Jacko sweated excessively. He took off his helmet and allowed the wind to dry his soaked face. Deeply, he inhaled the ocean air, and, with each exhale, he felt his anxiety-stiffened muscles relax. 
	His face was still sweaty when he put the helmet back on, but he didn’t want a ticket, and he didn’t have a license. Jacko’s phone started to vibrate in his pocket again; he grabbed it, looked at the screen, saw it was his father, and threw it to the side of the road.
	Three hours later, he rode into the small township of Gonzalez, off the 101 freeway. Too tired to ride anymore, he went east at the first stop sign, and then went off-road into a large grassy area. 
	A wide berthed, barren tree with numerous leaveless branches stood 100 yards away from the road. Jacko rode up, and parked his bike behind the tree. 
	He swung his tired, stiff leg off the scooter, yanked off his helmet, and stretched long and hard toward the sky. Jacko put his helmet on the rack, and pulled his tarp and sleeping bag out from the luggage compartment. After spreading the tarp and sleeping bag on the ground, he climbed into it and fell asleep, instantly.

	Dawn was cracking, but that wasn’t what woke Jacko. A semi-truck, lugging its way to the freeway blew its horn, scaring the heck out of him. After that, it was hard to ignore the deep penetration of the sun’s rays that bled through his sleeping bag as well as his closed eyes. He tried to nod off again, anyway, but the chill from the ground was already forcing multiple waves of shivers through his muscles and joints; then another truck on the road blew its lousy horn.
	After a few moments, he gave up trying to sleep. He got up and packed his items. The morning chill was harsh, so he hurried to the road, and then looked for a café where he could thaw out. 
	His fingers recoiled on the chilly bike handles, and his teeth chattered against his chin strap. He should have looked through the luggage compartment and gotten his leather gloves. Oh well.


~~~

	Ten miles up the road, he found a nearly vacant little diner. He walked up to the counter and ordered a tall coffee and a breakfast burrito. Feeling the hot coffee bleed down his throat, into his stomach, was the only thing that kept him from falling asleep while sitting up. 
	He tried to focus on how much money he had, and where he should go. If he remembered correctly, there would be about a thousand dollars in his bank account, after his last paycheck. It had taken him a whole year to save that money by working, part time, in his uncle’s car repair. His uncle always asked him why he preferred spending all his time in the shop, rather than out with friends. Although he didn’t say, Jacko always knew, in the back of his mind, that he’d leave his father sooner, rather than later. 
	But a thousand dollars wasn’t enough to do anything. He was a minor, so he couldn’t get an apartment. His father’s family was sure to send him right back home, and he knew nothing of his mother’s side of the family. 
	As he sat, contemplating, a thought plugged itself into his mind, almost as though someone whispered it into his ear. It said, Go to your sister’s; she’s already expecting you.
	Hmmm, he thought. How would his sister react if he showed up? And, in fact, he did have the feeling that she would be expecting him. But how do I know that? He asked himself. 
	Well, it doesn’t matter because she was all the family he had, so she’d have to help him. He would go to Concord, New Hampshire, where she lived; he just wouldn’t call her until he got close. If he waited until he got close to Concord, and then called Sissy, she couldn’t possibly refuse him. Hopefully, he could persuade her to help him start a life of his own. Heck he could get another job, take a GED; he didn’t have to give up on college, he’d just take night classes. 
	Settling on the decision to visit Sissy in Concord made him feel slightly exuberant. He finished his breakfast and went next door, to the gas station, and bought a national map and a cheap little prepaid phone for in case of emergency, and to call Sissy with, when he got close to Concord. After he traced, with his finger, the interstate freeways, he didn’t waste time getting back on his bike and riding the whole morning through, and only stopping to refill his tank and buy a few bottles of water. 
	 The worst part of the trip was when Jacko had to go over the Bay Bridge. Although he grinded the bars, his little 250 would go no faster than 60 mph which, although the speed limit was 45 on the bridge, people seemed to think Jacko was a pest. People honked, and always made sure to extend their middle fingers, as they rode around him. 
	Cars continually slammed their breaks, and skidded behind him, making Jacko’s blood pressure shoot up. Frightened by the repeated squeals coming from behind, he wondered if he was clearly visible on the poorly lit, blue bridge. 
	He didn’t feel safe, again, until he made it into the city, where people seemed less hostile toward scooter riders. The Golden Gate Bridge wasn’t so bad because it was brightly lit and completely open, skyward, right under the sun. He was able to stretch his legs, a moment, in the bumper-to-bumper traffic. 
	Eventually, the bridge’s afternoon traffic started to clear, and he made it to Marin, where he decided to pullover and have a rest. Starved and exhausted, he took the nearest exit into the city and parked his bike near the window of a harbor restaurant.	Inside, a pretty waitress with wide owl shaped blue eyes stared him up and down in a way that made Jacko aware that he was about to be asked questions – he needed a cover story! There was an older man who sat behind a register, reading a newspaper; he looked at him and tipped his hat. Worried, Jacko, reluctantly, nodded back. 
	The waitress sat him at a table and then walked off to the kitchen. She quickly came back out and brought him a complimentary New England Chowder. The woman appeared to be in her mid-twenties. Jacko could tell she was a very nosey person and, when she didn’t stop staring at him, he said in a very short and direct manner, “Stop looking at me.” The waitress looked surprised at Jacko’s assertiveness. He continued, “I’d like a Coke or a Pepsi, please.”
	She ignored him and continued to stare down at him – he must look a wreck!
“If you can tear your eyes away from the show, perhaps you can do your job? Or should I leave?” and Jacko got up.
	“Lorraine,” said the man with the hat, “Get the boy a drink!”
 	Jacko decided to go and see what he must look like, as he didn’t brush his hair or teeth and his clothes had been soaked, several times through, with sweat since he’d left home. Yikes! He thought as he saw his reflection in the mirror. It wasn’t pretty! His hair looked like he’d taken a tumble in hay, his red puffy eyes looked anaphylactic, and tee shirt looked crusty yellow, like a sock.
	Ugh! He said to himself as he bent over the sink and splashed water onto his face and hair. Then, he reached into his red backpack and pulled a clean tee shirt out.
	Back at the table, the waitress asked him where he was from. Jacko’s skin turned red with anger because he wanted to be left alone. Instead of having a restful lunch, he now had to find a lie to satisfy the nosey woman. 
	After a moment, he said, “San Francisco. I’m just going to visit my friend in Santa Rosa,” Jacko said and looked down at his soup. 
	“Aren’t you a little young to be riding that scooter? It looks a little dangerous too, and especially to ride over the bridge?” The lady stood there and waited for him to answer. His mind raced as he stalled by taking a bite of his soup. He chewed the chunks thoughtfully for a moment, sighed loudly, and said, “I know being small time means you’ve got nothing better to do, but do you have to ruin my lunch? If it’s money you’re worried about, well, here,” and he showed her his wallet. “So if that’s what you’re concerned about, problem solved.”
	“Alright then, I’ll leave you alone” she said in a low voice.
	Hoping she wouldn’t spit in his burger for being rude, he watched the waitress as she reentered the kitchen. Twenty minutes later, the woman came out with a burger and fries, which she left on the table without saying a word. 
	After pulling the burger apart and verifying that it was safe, he wolfed down the sandwich. Periodically, the waitress would throw a glance at him, but he kept eating.
	When he finished, he took the check up to the old man, behind the counter, who apologized for the nosey waitress. ‘My niece,’ he said, and gave him a ten-percent discount. He thanked the man who, just before he walked out of the door, said “You’re leaving now? Traffic’s coming and you can’t be on the road with that little bike,” but Jacko smiled, said ‘thank you’ and left.
	Jacko looked at the freeway, which was visible from where he stood, the old man was right; there were a lot of cars going in both directions. Without stopping for gas, Jacko rode as fast he could to the 80. It wasn’t so much that he couldn’t ride around all the traffic, but what worried him was it would slow him down. He wanted to get away from the cities, and into the country side, before dark; there, he could sleep, camp, or get a motel room without question.
	When he made it onto the 80 ramp, happiness welled up inside him. The realization that he was closer to leaving rotten California was exciting. He resented the west coast, the people who lived there, and everything he’d ever experienced. Yes, he blamed his home life for his stale attitude which was, in turn, responsible for his disappointing life! Yes, blame was a rotten attitude to take, but he’d only had misery, the last few years of his short life; which meant he’d mostly had misery, considering he couldn’t remember much before the age of seven. Such misery has a way of ruining everything for a person. Leaving and starting over again was, for Jacko, like starting with a fresh clean slate.
	As he rode on, he fantasized about how happy he was going to be. He’d be on his own without rules, or anyone to strong arm him; he wouldn’t have to look at his father – not that his father ever really looked at him. Just one more thing Jacko didn’t have to deal with, guilt for being alive, guilt for being in his father’s house. Once settled in Concord, he would get a small apartment, work in the day, and take a class or two in the evenings – maybe he’d get a girlfriend!
	The increasing temperature distracted Jacko from his thoughts. He observed his surroundings, and noticed the scenery had changed from stretches of mown grass in between cities, to miles of green prairie with trees. The air was hot, dry, and dusty, but he didn’t mind because he could slow his bike down, and relax – riding a moped in traffic was highly unnerving. 
	Despite the heat, Jacko tried to press on, but he didn’t last too long. The problem was the glare of the sun; it was barely noticeable through his helmet, yet continued to heat his clothes and radiate to his flesh. 
When the heat became unbearable, he pulled to the side of the grassy road to take a break. 
	He took off his jacket and breathed relief as the air cooled his arms. Jacko stretched out his legs and walked up and down the side of the road for a bit. He looked out across the miles and miles of desolate land ahead of him. As he turned around and walked back in the opposite direction, he noticed, not too far from him, bit of dust from the brown and green grass whirl upward in circles to form a little dust devil. 
	Jacko pulled a bottle of water out of his bike’s luggage compartment, sat on the grass, and watched the dust whirl. He chewed on some dried fruit and jerky he had in his luggage compartment. Despite his snack, Jacko’s stomach started rumbling again. Such was the plight of a growing teen. He was constantly hungry these days. The sweet from the fruit and harshness of the jerky made him hungrier. Jacko packed up his snacks and put them back in his luggage. 
	After a few more moments of rest, he reluctantly mounted his bike again. However, just when he was about to turn the key, he had a strange feeling that made him stop. The feeling was of someone familiar to him nearby. Instinctively, he thought about his mother and looked around him for the source. 
	Jacko looked back at the dust devil and noticed how the particles seemed to be frozen in the air. He shook his head, hoping to straighten out his eye sight; maybe he needed more rest. His eyes had played tricks on him before, when he’d stayed awake for long periods of time; although he did sleep the night before, he was still exhausted. Maybe after he crossed the state line, he’d check into a motel. 
	Again, he went to start the ignition of his bike. Only, this time, he thought he saw a smiling face instead of his key in the circular ignition. Quickly, Jacko drew back his hand. Wow, he thought, I must be really tired. Perhaps he’d done too much riding that day. Thinking he just needed to rest his eyes from the glow of the sun and heat, he closed his eyelids and counted to ten, then, blindly, turned the key, and opened his eyes again. The face was gone. He looked up and saw the dust devil had settled, but there wasn’t any explanation for what Jacko saw next. 
	A transparent head floated in the air, right above where the dust devil was. The face looked familiar to Jacko, but he was too busy telling himself he needed a nap to pay more attention to the details of the face. However, he definitely noticed the dark brown shapely eyes and white blonde hair, but the features were exaggerated as the wind blew through the shape. “Yeah, whatever,” he said, as though trying to write his own self off. He looked down and behind him, and then sped onto the 80 and didn’t stop until he reached the state line. 
Crossing Over

Chapter 2
	
As soon as Jacko crossed the state line, the heat increased, making him feel even more tired, so he found a cheap motel off a stretch of road right outside Reno, Nevada. The desk clerk didn’t ask any questions of the boy, but he gave him a key without even saying hello – Jacko liked that! 
	When he walked back outside, Jacko noticed a dive diner with low class people screaming, yelling, drinking, and hanging about in the parking lot to his right. He, then, looked to his left and saw only the highway and miles of more dusty grassland. He pushed his bike up to the second floor of the motel, and parked it right outside his window. 
	Inside his room, he peeled his clothes off, climbed into bed, and slept. Six hours later, an earthquake woke him by vibrating the bed. He looked around and realized it was not an earthquake, but a rumble in his stomach. The clock said nine p.m. He had two huge meals today! Inwardly, he yelled at himself, why can’t I stop being hungry? 
	He stumbled out of the lumpy, sinking, bed. Jacko showered and rinsed his shirts in the bath tub. He hung one to dry, and put the other one on. Better wet than stinky, plus the shirt lowered his body temperature, considerably. 
	Outside his door, the first thing that scared Jacko was the loud, rowdy, voices of older people. What if they tried to start something with him? The voices were coming from the parking lot behind the diner, where he saw seven rowdy men hanging about semi-trucks. Not very far from those men, he eyed several prostitutes standing about cackling and smoking.
	Jacko drew in his breathe, brought up his chest, and tried to be brave while praying that no one would talk to him. When he opened the door to the diner, his stomach quivered at the smell of grease and burgers. Despite what he’d seen, which was about two dozen scary, hairy, overweight, tough, burly, truckers - half of which seemed to be missing a good deal of teeth - his stomach propelled him forward. 
	In the air, hung a nasty, thick, haze of cigarette smoke; through which several of the faces looked him up and down. To Jacko, they looked surly and mean. In particular, a dark haired guy in a blue and black plaid shirt tried to stare Jacko down. He looked down at his feet quickly and continued to the available spot at the bar that was closest to him upon entry; that way, if there was trouble, he could just run.

	“What can I get ya?” asked a waitress with eyebrows that rose up into her forehead, and an incredibly wrinkled face.
	“Bacon burger, fries, and a Coke or Pepsi,” he mumbled.
	She walked off to get his order when the guy who stared him down approached.
	“Hey, kid. What are you doing here? Where are your parents?” the man asked with a menacing curiosity that did not go unnoticed. 
	Immediately, he knew the guy meant him anything but good. The way his eyes shifted down to his leather jacket, down to his shoes, and back to Jacko’s eyes, made his skin tingle. 
	The man’s sunken eye’s looked dark and empty, yet full of crazy. The skin of his face was falling into dark, leathery, folds. He was severely underweight and his breath smelled bad.
	Jacko sat for a moment trying to think of what to say.
	“Say something. What are you deaf? Where are your parents?”
	“I’m just here to get a bite and go. Is that okay?” Jacko tried to sound tough.
	“So you’re all alone, huh?” the man grabbed him by the back of the neck, forced him off the chair, and threw him on the ground. “Well, that’s just great cuz I’m lookin’ for a little action tonight and your face has got ‘awl’ my attention, pretty boy, hee hee,” the man laughed almost like a donkey. 
	“Hey” said the waitress who set Jacko’s food on the counter, “leave him alone or get out.”
	The man’s face lost the laugh and his eyes became real serious and dark as he said, “Don’t need to tell me twice, wrinkle.”
	“Screw you.” 
	“Yeah, no thanks,” he mumbled, “I got me som’in…” he talked to himself as he walked back to his seat. 

	Jacko sat back down to eat at an extremely slow pace; he knew he needed to be worried, so he took his time to think how, best, to leave the diner. Unfortunately, no good ideas came to his mind. Jacko slowly turned his head to see the man was watching him. He gave Jacko a dirty smile and winked his right eye at him. 
	It crossed Jacko’s mind that maybe he needed a weapon. Slowly, carefully, he slipped the butter knife into the sleeve of his jacket. When he’d finished, the lady asked if he wanted anything else. Jacko asked if someone would escort him back to his room, but the woman rolled her eyes and told him to leave if he was done ordering.
	Jacko hated the waitress for not showing even the least bit of sympathy for his situation. He looked to his left and saw the man was, now, standing at the door of the restaurant, laughing at Jacko’s attempt to save himself; the waitress saw it too but couldn’t care less. 
	Needless to say, he didn’t leave the ugly, old bat a tip; in fact, he completely skipped out on the meal. He figured his best chance was to run out of the diner as quickly as possible. If he paid the diner, then the guy would know he was preparing to leave, but if he just ran, it would be a surprise that would give Jacko a head start! Besides, if the waitress couldn’t find it in her conscience to help a boy in trouble then he was entitled to a free last supper, as, if the crazy man caught him, Jacko was sure he’d be dead. 
	He sat extremely still for a moment while gathering up his courage to run. Next, he stood up and bolted out of the door as fast as he could. Jacko ran around to the back of the building. This seemed like a good idea because he didn’t want that moron following him back to his room. The last thing he needed was for his bike to get trashed, or for someone to burst through the lame lock of his motel room while he slept.
	Jacko waited in the back lot of the diner for fifteen minutes, but he never heard the diner door re open or subsequent footsteps. He didn’t know if he should continue to stay where he was or try to make it back to his room. One strange thing he did notice was how quiet it had suddenly got, as though all the truckers and hookers had gone away. Oh boy, he thought. If they were gone, he was definitely in trouble. On the other hand, he wondered, if they weren’t gone, would they care if an innocent boy was being beaten to death? 
	He slowly walked out from behind the building. Looking all around him, he carefully walked his way back toward the front of the diner, which was the only way back to the motel. Jacko felt a moment of relief as he thought he was in the clear. He was just about to take off running, when suddenly he was grabbed from behind and thrown up against the stone wall of the diner; the knife fell to the ground. 
	
	“Hey pretty boy? Where’s your mama?” and the man threw a fist in his gut that sent Jacko reeling for air. The excruciating pain spread all the way down to his groin and up to his neck. 
	Jacko was nearly in fetal position, yet still standing as he tried to catch his breath. The man pulled Jacko straight up by the collar of his jacket. He ran his hand through Jacko’s hair and caressed his face and neck; Jacko gasped for air. 
	“Why are you doing this?” he breathed.
	“Because I don’t take crap from nobody; especially not from a faggot like you,” and he hurled Jacko’s face down onto the edge of his knee where his cheek split. 
	At that moment Jacko got really scared because he knew the man wasn’t going to stop there. Tears sprung from his eyes when the man decided to make mince of the flesh covering his ribs. A few more brutal connections numbed Jacko out. The heel of the man’s boot slammed his head into the ground. Funnily, he thought to himself that the ground felt soft like a feather pillow, and then there was silence. All seemed to go black and, for a moment, he felt like he was floating in air.
 	In that silence, there was a low ringing noise in Jacko’s ear. Slowly, it grew louder and louder, and Jacko wondered if he had blacked out. Why was he dreaming of ringing noises and feather textured tarmac? How could he be thinking of these things when a psycho was beating the crap out of him? That was when Jacko saw the face again; white blonde hair and dark brown eyes. “Sissy?” said Jacko. 
	As quickly as he saw the face was as quickly as it disappeared. 
	Remembering where he was, he opened his and wondered why he was no longer being hit. A few feet away, the man lay on his elbows, on the ground, and was looking at Jacko with confusion on his face.
	What Jacko didn’t see was, while he was contemplating his state of awareness, the man tried to kick him once more. Mysteriously, instead of giving Jacko a whopping good one, he was somehow knocked backward onto the ground. Now, the vagrant man may have been confused, but he wasn’t willing to give up on easy prey. Jacko watched as the man stood back up and tried to boot stomp poor Jacko once more. He sent his heel right in the direction Jacko’s forehead, but for some reason he couldn’t make the connection. The man’s foot just stopped mid-air at a few inches above his face. 
	The man tried to retract his boot from the frozen point in the air, but couldn’t. He cursed, growled, and scowled enraged. The man huffed with his hands around his ankle and pulled with all his strength. Suddenly, he flew off backward and his legs went over his head. The man landed still-faced, down on the ground. 
	Despite his shaky equilibrium, Jacko pulled himself up. Wiping the blood from his eyes, he started to limp his way in the direction of the motel. He stopped when he heard a strange gurgling noise coming from the man. Jacko walked back over to the man and kicked him onto his back – he was struggling to breathe. The man’s hands were pinned to his side as he struggled and tossed about like a fish out of water. Jacko wondered if he were having a seizure. The man’s crazy brown eyes bugged out as he opened his mouth wider and tried to breathe in. 
	For a moment, Jacko did consider running off and leaving the evil man to die, but then his conscience kicked in. He couldn’t just leave a man to die no matter what he’d done to him. With that thought, Jacko ran back inside the diner to tell the waitress to call for help. 
	The waitress was unmoved by Jacko because she was angry at him for stiffing her. Upon seeing him, she screamed nonstop that he’d better pay her or she’d whip his ass. That he was beaten, bloody, and his clothes were torn, made little difference to the wrinkled woman. Jacko looked around for a payphone but there was none. Yes, he could call from his cheap, little, prepaid phone, but it was registered in his name. 
	He looked around to see if anyone looked like they would help him. Unfortunately, all he saw were the many faces of uncaring, big bellied, plaid wearing truckers. All they could hear and see was the scary waitress screaming at bloodied Jacko.
	Then, a man in a dirty white apron burst from the door behind the counter. He walked up to Jacko, yelling. Jacko screamed at the man that he needed to call an ambulance, but the man kept shouting. 
	Ignoring the man, he ran back outside, and the man followed. “You get back, boy!” But when he saw the man, with the plaid shirt, turning blue on the ground, he was completely silenced. 
	The man had passed out while Jacko was inside arguing with the waitress. At that moment, when he kneeled down to check to the man’s airway, a voice whispered inside Jacko’s head - it told him to quickly leave. He stood up fast and looked around for the source, but all he saw was the cook running back inside the diner. The voice whispered again - hurryyy. 	
	Jacko limped-ran back to his room in which he gathered his items and stuffed his bag quickly. Stumbling down the steps with his bike, he looked across the lot to see two cowboys bending over the body while one spoke into a phone. 
	
	Several hours later, he was miles away from Reno. Deep down, Jacko was worried about the man and hoped that he would be okay. What would happen to him, if the man died? He kept asking himself.
	Thinking about what happened at the diner made his head hurt, but he couldn’t stop. He tried to focus his thoughts on the line of city lights in the skyline ahead, but the pounding got worse. Then, two flashes of white glared at him from, some feet, ahead of the bike. 
	Jacko grinded his breaks and the bike went skidding. He swerved off into a ditch and right onto a ground cactus that flipped his bike over sideways. Fortunately, his jacket was of biker leather, but it didn’t stop the needles that pricked through his skin. He moaned loudly and lay still for a few moments. Jacko told himself that he was fine and tried to push himself up, but, instead, he passed out. 
	
	When he finally woke up, it was because something wet was slapping his face. He slowly, groggily, opened his eyes to find that he was in a bed. The bed was lumpy and saggy; the sheet he lay upon had a large impression next to him that was heavily speckled with yellow animal hairs. The next sight he particularly noticed was the condition of the house, which was old and dusty with gaps in gray wood slats for walls.
	Jacko slowly pulled his legs over the side of the bed and rested them on the floor. He had to hold his breath, so as not to put extra pressure on the inside of his stomach and ribs, which hurt bad. After a moment, he drew in a slow, deep lungful of air and breathed out heavily as he stood up. The shock of the pain in his body made him groan so hard that he scratched his throat. He reached a hand up to feel the damage to his face and immediately cried out. Although Jacko couldn’t see it, he could feel that his face was swollen several sizes larger than normal.
	His legs worked painfully, and he barely made it to the rickety thin door of the room. When he opened the door, bright blue sky made his eyes squint. He limped outside and saw that he wasn’t in Nevada anymore, or, at least, he couldn’t have been. Instead of desert, he found himself standing in a low land bald spot of a mountainous region. There appeared to be nothing man made, aside from the house, in which he stood, for many miles. 
	As Jacko’s vision got clearer, he noticed several strange things about his location. The first was the quality of the air that he could see too clearly. He noticed how the little particles moved about actively in little convection like patterns. When Jacko refocused his eyes, he saw the air was like transparent little bubbles. The bubbles left little speed tails behind its movement, which left a million little traces all across the air and sky.
	Next, Jacko noticed the thousands of conifer type trees that surrounded the area, yet they weren’t typical conifers of any species he’d ever seen. They were extremely bright fluorescent green and had transparent fluorescent auras making convection patterns around them. The trees appeared to go on for many miles into the sky, which was impossible thought Jacko.
	Even stranger was the grass that wasn’t grass at all, but seemed to be patches of moss. He slowly lowered to the ground and extended a bit of it for closer examination. The moss extended from the ground in massive amounts of coil. It felt slimier than moss would and, up close, looked more like grated zest all stuck together. The color was green like spirulina with a similarly funky smell. The moss expanded and contracted in his hand, as if it was breathing.
	At first, Jacko was scared by the breathing moss, but his fascination won out. He ripped some of the moss from the ground to see what it would do. He immediately regretted this because a high pitched squeal emitted from the ground. His hand started to get really hot as the moss turned a fiery red. 
	He dropped the moss and jumped back in alarm. His eyes stayed on the squealing moss that had begun to slowly diminish in size. “What is going on here?” he asked aloud. He looked a bit closer at the moss without getting too close. The red cells expanded and contracted even faster. Jacko watched in fascination for a few moments and then the moss was completely gone - it had disappeared. 
	It occurred to him that he should probably feel bad for what he’d done to the moss; that it might be dead. Quickly, he forgot his occurrence about killing the grass when he raised his eyes back to the trees. He walked a hundred feet to the edge of the bald spot. 
	Up close to the trees, he could see the needles had strange qualities too. They were hard like plastic and extremely long. In fact, they were all exactly, approximately, ten inches in length and they matched each other exactly in girth, which was very thin. Like the moss, they expanded and contracted too. Now Jacko should’ve learned his lesson the first time, but he didn’t. He pulled a needle out and there was a loud hissing noise that came from the tree. The pore, where the needle no longer occupied, smoked and exhaled a sewage-like odor.
	Jacko felt really bad at that point because he didn’t want to hurt living things, but he couldn’t fight his strong curiosity. Further, the bark was a funny reddish-brown and when Jacko touched it, it turned redder. He tried to pull a little twig off to see what it would do, but the tree drew back its branch and punched him in the head. 
	Jacko stumbled backward and fell, rolling on the ground and holding his throbbing face. He wasn’t angry, though, because he knew he deserved it.
	When the pain subsided, he pulled himself up and walked back toward the house. As he got closer, he noticed there was a little body of water on the other side.  

	The pond gurgled and bubbled in the center, as he got closer. At first, Jacko was scared because he didn’t want to get hurt, again. Nevertheless, he walked closer anyway. Jacko jumped back when the water boiled upward like a geyser and fell back to the pond. He watched the water for a moment, and determined that the water was going to continue to rise in the same manner. He inched closer to the bank of the pond and was fascinated to see how the water fell back to the pond in the shape of various animals; mostly fish, but also cows, cats, and birds. 
	Jacko was amazed! Was the pond putting on a show for him? What was this pond? 
	
	Well, come and look. 
	“Huuh?” he said dreamily. The water was putting some sort of spell on him and he couldn’t resist it. Sedated, He moved closer to the water and when liquid hands grabbed him and pulled him in, he didn’t even scream. 
	Jacko was sleepily submerged in the pond, which became bigger once under the surface. Under wasn’t so bad, he thought to himself. He noticed he felt free from pain there. In fact, he felt great, giddy, and happy! 
	When two big, green, gold fish swam up to him with greetings, Jacko shook their fins with extreme enthusiasm. 
	
	“Let’s swim!” and Jacko nodded and smiled.

	Under, the water seemed like a whole new world. He looked down and saw his body had been shrunk, but he was unfazed! They swam so fast! Jacko couldn’t believe their speed. They went worling for miles under the water. Jacko’s head spun and he grinned because it was fun to get dizzy there. The fish wanted to teach him tricks, and Jacko grinned and swam little figure eights. He hadn’t had as much fun in a long time and when they invited him to a goldfish tea party, he was so happy that he did a flip out of water for joy.
	It was all fun until there was a loud splash, then, something sunk it’s knives into his ankle. Jacko turned to see it was a big yellow dog. He tried to swim away, but it was shredding his foot. Jacko felt his legs slide through the muddy, mossy bank. The green fish grabbed his hands and tried to help pull him back in the water. 
	Their efforts were useless because the dog was too strong for them all. The fish were clearly angry as was Jacko; they jumped up and down through the surface of the water, waving their fins, in the shape of fists, at the dog.
 
	Finally, the big yellow dog pulled Jacko back to the ground. Jacko’s front and face smeared in the mud of the bank. He turned and yelled, “Get off me, you mutt!”
	“Excuse me but I am not a mutt.”
	“Okay,” said Jacko, who was shocked that the dog demonstrated intelligence, “is this a dream?”
	“It’s not a dream. I’ve come to help you.”
	“Help me with what?”
	“Help you stay safe on your trip east.”
	“Sent by whom?”
	“I can’t tell you that.”
	“I was having fun, why did you have to pull me out?”
	“If you stay too long, you become a fish. Look at your hands!” and Jacko saw that they had a funny greenish tinge. “They’ll take you away from reality. The pond goes a lot further than just the ground.”
	Jacko didn’t know what the dog meant, and he didn’t bother to ask because he was too busy taking in its size, which was like small horse. 
	“Were you licking my face a moment ago? Why don’t I hurt anymore?” Jacko’s wounds felt stiff but were no longer open and bloody.
	“The water is healing, I suppose, Jacko.” he breathed, happily. 
	“This can’t be real.”
	“Oh, yeah? Well, then, what’s that?” said the dog looking down at his feet.
	“What’s what?” and he looked down to see that his ankle was bleeding through his jeans. His ankles felt like they were being tugged at with scalpels, again. 
	“What the heck?” he felt queasy at seeing his bleeding ankles. “Oh my.” Jacko closed his eyes and almost passed out. 
	
	When he reopened his eyes, he was looking at a night sky. Still feeling nauseous, he blinked his eyes shut, and when he opened them, again, he saw the dog gazing at him. He looked down at his ankle, wobbled, and closed his eyes one more time. 
	Jacko saw the night sky and knew he needed to get up, but he was still dizzy. “AAAAHHH” the pain from his ankles shot up his legs. He looked down and saw he was flat on the ground, and two large, slimy, grey skinned dogs were pulling Jacko away by the ankles, one in each mouth. 
	There was a loud, powerful bark that came from above his head. Jacko looked up and saw the yellow dog only he was smaller than a moment ago. To counterweight the mangy dogs, the big yellow one sunk its teeth into his shoulder, causing Jacko to scream louder. 
	One of the dogs dropped his leg so that it could bark at the yellow dog. Jacko swung his free leg and kicked the mouth of the dog that held his other ankle. Upon force of contact, the dog’s eyes turned red and his bark to a loud screeching noise, like a fictitious dragon. 
	Jacko almost wet himself, but the yellow dog yelled, “Chupacabras!” When Jacko remained still on the ground, the dog then yelled “COME ON!” and nipped him on the shoulder. The nip brought Jacko out of his surprise. Just in time, too, because one of the dogs erupted in scales along the spine of his back and breathed out a long forked tongue. 
	
	In the background, he saw two more dogs were coming from the rocks a mile out. When he stood, Jacko was astounded to see that they nearly carried him off while he was passed out. He stood and looked around for his bike, but couldn’t see anything in the darkness because there was no traffic. “Come on,” said the dog once more. 
	Jacko followed the yellow dog back to his scooter, which was some 200 feet back toward the road. When he got close enough, he stopped. The bike was no longer his little 250; instead it was a full no name bike with a side car that the yellow dog leapt into. Jacko didn’t know what to do, “This isn’t my bike! I don’t know how to ride it.”
	“Just get on, it works the same way; it’s just bigger,” then the dog pulled out a helmet and goggle with its paws and pulled the visor down as the straps magically buckled themselves. “Stop gawking, Jacko! We gotta go!”
	Jacko jumped onto the seat just as one of the dogs leapt at him. He turned the key and they sped off down the road as the yellow dog turned around and barked behind them. He managed a look in his side mirror and gasped; they had changed from dogs into little scaly, dragon-like animals. They barked and screeched as they tried to catch up to the bike. Jacko put on more speed and the dragon-dogs were lost. 
	His heart pounded in his chest for a few minutes as he tried to understand what had happened. He realized the yellow dog could have answers for him but was afraid to stop too soon. Every few minutes, he would look at the bike and dog to remind himself that they were both real.
	After another 40 miles east of Reno, Jacko began to wind down. At which point, he pulled over into a deserted gas station for a rest. He parked behind an empty gas stand and took off his helmet, as did the dog. Reaching in the back, he pulled out a bottle of water and took a few sips. 
	Jacko wondered to himself if the dog would want water. The dog must have heard his thoughts because he looked into Jacko’s eyes with comprehension, jumped out of the car, and ran to him. 

	“Okay,” as he poured water out in a thin stream to the ground. The dog stuck out its tongue and tried to lick up as much of the liquid as it could.
	After another sip, he put the bottle back in his luggage and sat on the bike and said “Okay, talk,” but the dog said nothing. He just sat there breathing really hard with his tongue hanging long, down his neck. 

	“Where did this bike come from, huh?” he asked and the dog just looked at him with a blank stare. 
	Jacko sighed and pulled out his bag of jerky, which he shared with the dog. Finally he sighed again and said “Alright, dog, don’t talk.” 
	
	He dug in the luggage area of the bike and pulled out his sleeping bag and tarp; he kicked all the little rocks out of the way of his intended spot. Jacko took off his shoes and climbed inside his bag. The dog walked to the bag and lay down next to him. They stared up at the stars as the dog leaned his head back for Jacko to scratch him behind the ears.








Red Skies, Blue Skies

Chapter 3

Hours later, Jacko woke to the sound of cars riding fast along the road. For a moment, he refused to open his eyes. He laid there thinking about the dream he’d had of the funny blue sky, and some green fish he’d made friends with, in a pond. All that happened was he nearly ran over a dog, and, instead, wound up hurting himself. Eyes still closed, he felt his ribs and then his face: there was no pain. 
	He opened his eyes, yawned deeply and looked around. There was no yellow dog anywhere to be seen. Turning over, he looked up and his jaw dropped; there was the black motorcycle with a sidecar.
	Jacko got up to inspect the bike. Slowly, he walked around it, looking it up and down. Carefully, he reached out a hand and touched the bike with the tip of his fingers. It was a lovely, dangerous looking bike that gleamed under the sun. It had large red lights in back that looked like devil eyes. 

	Well, if this is a dream, it ain’t bad, he thought. 

	“But where’s the dog?” he said aloud. 
He continued to think about the dog as he packed his items. He liked the idea of having a companion with him. 
	Then, just as he was about to turn the ignition of the bike, he heard a barking from behind. He turned and smiled happily at the sight of the dog that leapt into the sidecar. 
	He got off his bike, reached into his luggage compartment, pulled out jerky, and poured a stream of water for the dog.
	After the dog finished, Jacko got on his bike and the dog leapt back into the side car. Jacko was about to turn on the bike and go when he realized the dog needed to be strapped in. “Well, alright. Go ahead, strap yourself in,” he said. Unlike last night, when the dog was so full of life, he, now, sat there breathing, dully. 
	Jacko slid off his seat and strapped in the dog. He looked into its eyes to see if there was any recognition of what happened between them the prior night. When he saw that he was not going to be satisfied, he decided to forget about it.

	“Just a dog,” he told himself.

	They stopped in Lovelock, Nevada, for breakfast at another little no-name diner. Outside, in the parking lot, he told the dog to wait. As Jacko spoke the simple words, he had a strong feeling that the dog was only pretending to be simple. Somehow, he knew the dog knew exactly what he was saying to him. “Why are you pretending?” Jacko asked. The dog said nothing. 
	Inside, he was seated at a table behind a family of four. Jacko watched the Mother and father try to get a hold of their two kids. The older girl was laughing, obnoxiously, as she did something, under the table, to the younger boy. “Stop kicking me,” the little boy cried. When she didn’t, he, then, threw a handful of scrambled eggs at her which made her cry. 
	Jacko laughed as he watched them because it reminded him of when he and Sissy used to tease each other, before his father ruined their lives. He thought about his conflicted feelings: jealousy and anger yet envy that she could leave while he stayed home. At the moment, he was glad she left because, if she hadn’t, she wouldn’t be able to help him, now.
	After a plateful of pancakes, eggs, and sausages, he left the restaurant satisfied. Outside the diner, upon smelling the half dozen sausages Jacko ordered for him, the dog got extremely excited. He jumped up and down while squealing, barking, and running around him in circles. A few feet away, a couple and their children frightfully froze. Not only was the dog jumping around Jacko, but he was jumping five feet up in the air. 
	Jacko hurried to his bike, where he set down the foam container of sausages. To Jacko’s relief, the dog immediately stopped its leaping. A few yards away, the couple and their children continued to stare at them for a few seconds before going inside.
	After the dog ate his sausages, they went next door to the small grocery store, but, this time, it was even worse. 
	“Okay, wait here, Dog,” that had become the dog’s unofficial name. Dog nodded at Jacko who was suspicious, once more, of Dog’s intelligence; nevertheless, he continued inside. He didn’t dwell because his main concern was getting back on the road.
	Jacko strolled up and down the aisles, looking for the section of bottled water. When he found it, he grabbed two six packs, and then walked over to the animal foods section. 
	A moment later, he was in line behind two cute girls who looked like they might have been twins. Both were holding sodas and some candy. One was slightly shorter than the other but they both were skinny with long brown hair, all the way down to their waists. When they turned around, it was hard to ignore the way their green eyes glowed against their tan skin.
	Both of the girls were trashy looking in their dirty jeans, sandals, and stained tee shirts. After observing them a moment, Jacko noticed the slightly taller one had a longer, feminine face while the shorter had a perfect jaw and full lips. They looked to be about his age. He couldn’t help noticing how cute they were, together – they must be sisters.
	Meanwhile, at the electronic sliding doors exit, Dog stood, watching Jacko. He wagged his tail ferociously and sniffed at the air. Jacko saw Dog’s eyes shift to the girls in front of him, and wondered if he knew that Jacko was attracted to them. 

	Just as long as he doesn’t start showing off, again.
 
	 
	The two kept looking behind, at him, and giggling. Their behavior made him feel especially dumb. He figured it must have been his hair that made them act as they did. Sometimes, he got helmet head after a long ride, and he self-consciously moved his hand to run it through his hair, but he dropped the packs of water. The bottles slammed to the floor and went rolling in every direction. In response to the loud thudding noise, everyone, in line, snapped their heads in his direction. Jacko’s face turned deep red with embarrassment.

	 “Sorry,” Jacko mumbled.
	
	A few moments later, he struggled through the doors of the store with his items; Dog must have wondered off; he was no longer near the exit. As he was about to head through the lot, he caught something out of the corner of his eye. Jacko snapped his head to the right and saw a big 60lb ball of yellowish white hair doing continuous cartwheels. 
	Dog looked ridiculously absurd, the way he landed on his short legs, and his ears flopped about. Jacko panicked when he looked around and saw people stop and stare at Dog. His mind raced with ideas about how to leave unnoticed; he even contemplated leaving him behind. Quickly, he looked left and right at both entrances of the parking lot.
	Jacko felt like he could die, right there on the spot. Fortunately, Dog stopped doing cartwheels, but only to start dancing on his hind legs in circles around the girls who laughed, hysterically. They tried to go but Dog continued to block their way by, next, walking on his back legs and shaking its top like a shimmy. Beyond the girls, at the other end of the parking lot, a police car stopped to watch the dog. 
	He was prompted to action when a man, behind him, said “Move it! You’re blocking the exit!” 
	The old man rammed him in the back with his shopping cart. Jacko stumbled in the direction of Dog and the girls. He looked at the dog and said, “Stop it!” The dog immediately sat on its rear. He looked around to see about a dozen eyes still staring at the dog and, now, him, too. Some children were running over to get a close look, which Jacko knew wasn’t good. He glanced back at the other end of the parking lot and, to his relief, saw that the cop had driven on. 
	“Cute dog,” said the slightly taller girl with the green eyes, and they both walked off. Jacko didn’t say anything. He watched them walk away, and then he saw two more kids running in his direction, “Hey! Is that your dog?” Not waiting for an answer, they, immediately, began petting and laughing. “Stay!” said Jacko, “and don’t do anymore tricks!” 
	He walked back over to his bike and stowed away his items. He mounted and rode over to where the kids were still playing with Dog. “Get in,” he said through gritted teeth. As he went to strap in Dog, at the far end of the little plaza, he saw the girls looking at him. He put on his helmet and rode the bike, slowly, toward the end of the lot where the girls waved him down. He really wanted to stop and talk to the cute girls, but he rode on.
	

	Many hours later, they reached the outskirts of Salt Lake City where Jacko managed to check into another Motel 6. Wearily, he stumbled into the room, fell on the bed, and didn’t move for twelve hours. 
	In his dream, he visited the place he saw when he was passed out on the road, the night before. He stood, once again, on the funky green moss that burned his hand. Only, this time, he wasn’t in the bald spot. This time, some things were very different; like the sky that was lined with a red horizon, and the way it stretched across the sky, and then turned into a crisp, blinding, blue horizon. 
	As his eyes traced the horizon a 100 feet to his right, he saw that the exact point, where the color changed from red to blue, served as a division between a land bathed in red, and the land, that he stood on, which was bathed in blue. Jacko could see into the red land as though looking through a stained glass window. The red tinted land reminded him of the pictures he’d seen of Mar’s atmosphere.
	Curious, he walked toward the land bathed in red, and as he got closer, an ill feeling came over him. The trees, plants, and moss-grass were all black. A feeling that he should not continue to that side of the land overwhelmed him, but he could never fight his curiosity. 
	Instinct told him that he could be making a big mistake, but he stuck his hand into the red light of the land, anyway. When he felt nothing, except extreme cold, he decided to walk through the division.
	Wow, he thought to himself. Jacko wished he could see more of the strange, red world. He wished he were bigger so he could run through this world and see it faster. 
	Jacko looked down and realized that he was bigger. No longer, was he looking at a barrage of black shrubs. Instead, he saw numerous mountain peaks. Despite an increased feeling of foreboding, as he saw nothing but blackness and red sky for miles, he walked toward the mountain direct in his path, and when he felt it was taking too long to get there, he ran. 
	The ground trembled, like an Earthquake, as he trampled shrubs into dust; trees snapped into halves, like toothpicks. When he approached the mountain, he leapt onto the peak of it which sent massive quakes through the ground for many miles. 
	Atop the peak, he was not too pleased at what he saw of the cold, dreary, red world. At the base of the mountain was a black-as-coal lake. When he jumped onto the peak, he landed just in time to see waves of black sludge move slowly across the still surface. He turned 45 degrees to his left where he saw a small forest below him. He looked up and, in the distance, he saw a huge black castle with lights on inside. At the sight of it, he got really scared as his brain realized that if he was in a dark world, there might be dark creatures there, too. What would they be like?
	Jacko didn’t want to meet any dark creatures from that cold, cold world. He leapt off the mountain peak and ran back to the land that was bathed in blue. Immediately, he felt better, almost as if a wet blanket had been lifted off his shoulders. 
	The blue skied land was much warmer, and much more beautiful. At Jacko’s height, he noticed there was one thing missing from this sky. He did a slow 360 degree turn to confirm what he didn’t see: the sun. There was no sun. Jacko continued to search the sky, when it occurred to him that there were no clouds, either. 
	After a few moments of contemplation, he decided to forget about it and explore the lovely world. In the vast distance, he saw oceans that gleamed, in a strange way, under the light of the red horizon, and mountains with trees that held large round, red berries. He wanted to swim in the water and pick one of the fruits. 
	Jacko looked around, once more, and then he picked up, fast, and ran. This time, he ran for miles and miles, breathing in the funny molecule air that tickled his stomach while giving him energy. With every touchdown of his foot, the ground quaked and the trees quivered. He leapt over hills and skipped over small ponds; he didn’t stop until he fell into the cool ocean. Some of the water leaked into his mouth, and Jacko tasted that it was fresh water. He swallowed a gulp, and it coated his insides, making him feel quenched in a way he’d never felt before; almost as though he’d never be thirsty again. 
	Jacko used his humungous arms to swim back to land, and as he crawled back onto the shore, he saw that he was normal sized again.
	
	“What is wrong with you?” asked an angry voice.
	
	He looked to his left and suffered a shock. Apparently, the man, who stood there, was mad at him, and that was okay but his appearance scared him because he didn’t look like any man from Earth. What spoke to him was a face as white and glossed as carved marble. The man’s eyes were even more disturbing to look at, with their shiny, black onyx eyes to contrast. His marbled hair looked just as solid as the rest of his skin, and came down in perfect, shiny, brown waves around his body, which was adorned in a toga with a gold buckle. 
	Jacko stared at the man, but said nothing.

	“You are not from here but you are not the first to come either. It’s best you behave, or you will not be allowed back!” and his marble cheeks fired a rosy red, like touching a mood ring, his flesh reacted artificially.
	“Where am I? What have I done wrong?” Jacko asked defiantly. He sat up and noticed that his clothes were dry. 
	“You are in the heaven of the gods, and you’re running about like a fool, disturbing those who rest.”
	“You’re God?”
	“No, I see you don’t pay attention.”
	“Why are you angry? I’m just having fun.”
	“You will show respect, or you will be returned to Earth. Also, I recommend staying away from the red lands, for they are dangerous.”
	“How do you know where I’ve been?”
	“I know you’re from Earth because your flesh is rotting with age, and it reeks. I can smell your filth from over here. I know you’ve been in the red lands because others told me; you were seen.”
	Jacko opened his mouth to reply, but thought better of it – the man scared him.
	“Do not worry. I will not harm you. You can come home with me and wash up, and then you will return to your room.” 
	
	My room? How does he know?
	
	He rose, as the man beckoned him.
	“I am Althenio. Once I was a god of good fortune, and I would give good fortune to men who deserved it.”
	Jacko hardly believed him, but he asked, anyway, “How long ago was that?”
	“To me, it seems like yesterday. For you, it would be tens of thousands of years ago. Now there is no work for me, or beings like me, so we are retired, here. Man wants to do things on his own and in his own way. We have done what you wished and left Earth alone.”
	“But what am I doing here?”
	“You are not the first to come here, accidentally. You are a gifted boy, I presume.”
	“What do you mean gifted? I still hardly believe this is real.”
	Althenio seemed to tire of the conversation and merely said, “Just watch yourself as you come and go because there are demons out there that will get you,” he said. “Demons are hunters. Once a hunter gets your scent, it’s for life.”
	“What would they do with me, hunters?”
	“If you’re lucky, they will torture, kill, and maybe eat your flesh; if you are unlucky, they may swallow your soul or worse, such as enslavement or possession.”
	“Haha. Yeah, right, haha. Ouch!” Althenio grabbed Jacko, with his marble grip, by the arm and yanked him back so that they saw each other eye-to-eye. He let go of his arm and continued to walk; Jacko followed.
	“Demons really possess humans?”	
	“In your body, they walk amongst the living where they can hunt and wreak terror on a massive scale. Do you want to be responsible for that, arrogant boy?” Jacko said nothing, and he continued, “The last time a possession took place, it took 100 of us to bring the demon back. Then, there are other things they could do that would be equally as bad.”
	“Like what?”
	“Do you really want to hear this?”
	“Yes.”
	“They could keep you forever and enslave you, or use you like a pet, and they can keep you alive for centuries.”
	“Oh boy, I hope I never meet a demon.”
	“Yes, well, than stay out of the red lands.” 
	
	Jacko flashed back to the scene on the side of the road with the scaly dogs and he shivered. 
	“You are nearly correct, Jacko. The dogs that attacked you were, in fact, demon hounds.” 
	Althenio, apparently, could read minds. “They are equally as vicious,” he continued, “and I would run if I saw them, and if I were you.”
	Jacko felt panic as he said, “But what did they want with me?”

	They walked up a dirt road. Jacko looked down and noticed the gravel was moving, in convection like patterns under his feet. 
	
	“I am sorry, Jacko. I do not know why demon hounds were trying to carry you off. Have you ever dreamed of the red lands before?”
	“Dreamed of the red lands? No, never, I don’t think,” and he was suddenly distracted by the gravel that formed a pattern of his and Althenio’s, footsteps, and then made impressions ahead of them; as if a ghost walked in front of them.
	“Why is the gravel doing that?”
	“Heaven knows where we want to go; heaven yields to those who are a part of it.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“If you should want, ask heaven and it will provide.”
	“Yeah, but, how does it know where we want to go?”
	“Heaven knows where I want us to go, and it is leading us there – not that I need directions. It is only doing these patterns so you know how to come back.”
	“Are you saying the gravel is heaven? And that heaven is alive? ”
	“Everything, here, is heaven and, yes, it lives: the living need something alive to live off of, in order to live. If heaven were to die, then so would we.”
	Completely confused, Jacko decided not to ask any more questions. Instead he watched as the gravel continued to predict his steps. He thought how great it must be to never get lost, and to never need maps. 
	He reached down and ran his fingers through the gravel, but instead of a rough, hard grain, he felt a soft porridge-like consistency. Jacko grabbed a handful and it jiggled its way around his palm and fingers, back down to the ground. When the gravel pulled up from the ground in the shape of a large finger and started to poke his hand, he laughed.
	“You see, innocent one, heaven lives,” and he smiled, greatly, revealing two rows of perfect white teeth, of which, Jacko couldn’t help but imagine that to be bitten by them would surely mean losing a hunk of flesh.
	“Excuse me? Why do you call me innocent?” 
	“I always admire the young whose appeal is genuine; it is men that I cannot stand, for they are, mostly, arrogant beyond logic.”
	“Does that mean you won’t like me in a couple years?”

	Althenio laughed a powerful roar that echoed to the very heart of Jacko’s body. He did not answer Jacko, and he said no more; however he seemed to warm up to him from that moment on. 
	He put his arm around his shoulders and led him up the path to his house that looked like a few sticks of wood glued scrappily together. Once inside, however, it was a huge, cozy, wooden cabin with an enormous armchair, a tall fireplace, and a fluffy, white, hearth rug. 
	The fireplace stood five and a half feet tall, and when the fire suddenly shot up, Jacko jumped back. When the suddenness of the fire wore off, he became mesmerized by the color of the fluorescent orange flames. He leaned in a bit so that he could see each particle of the blaze bounce. Then, he noticed how the fireplace didn’t have a chimney, and leaned in closer to see how the flames licked at the walls without scorching them. Just as he reached a hand to test the flame, Althenio warned him that in heaven, he could burn eternally and never die.
	Althenio sat in the large arm chair and Jacko on a large pouf. He put his hands together and appeared to pray. Right before his eyes, particles, in their convection like patterns, sped up so fast that they became hard to see. Then, they molded together and turned a steady shade of brown. A few seconds, and he realized the particles were being made into a table by Althenio, who was still in a prayer position. Jacko kept quiet and continued to watch, amazed.
	As the table finished coming together, a pot of tea, a loaf of bread, and a block of cheese appeared, too. After it was all done, Althenio handed him a basket of meat, “Venison?”
	Jacko used the humungous knife and three pronged fork that, also, magically appeared, to help some venison onto his plate with bread and cheese. 

	“How did you do that?”
	“Here, mind rules matter. We simply will it and it comes.”
	“I wish I could do that.”
	“You can,” said Althenio.
	“How?”
	“How did you get big? How did you get small?”
	“Oh, haha,” Jacko laughed slightly. “Can I stay here?”
	“All in due time, Jacko, or when you’re ready.”
	“Ready for what? You mean when I die?” but Althenio said no more and poured him, self, some tea.
	The food was the best he had ever had; the tender venison meat and wholesome bread made him smile so big. He felt so good and so happy, heaven was such a wonderful place; he felt light like a feather; his head was floating. Althenio smiled as he watched him enjoy himself. 
	Jacko felt urgent, like he couldn’t enough food into his mouth. He was shoveling bread and venison in, jam packing his mouth as tightly as he could, but the food never ran out. It occurred to him that he was acting strange, but he couldn’t stop! He reached for a goblet that appeared by the side of his plate. Deeply, he drank and drank and drank – he couldn’t drink fast enough.
	
	Suddenly, right in the middle of a gulp, Althenio grabbed his cup and said, “I am sorry, but you must go now.”
	Jacko was chewing a huge bite of the venison and gulping tea straight from the pot, and it dribbled down his toga; he choked and sputtered “what?” as he wiped himself with a tea cozy.
	“I’m so sorry, Jacko, but you were spotted. You may come and visit me again, but you must be more careful next time. I can’t have them coming here.”
	Jacko didn’t know what Althenio was talking about but he didn’t want to leave. The food had made him extremely happy, and Althenio’s news made him very sad. Jacko started crying, although he didn’t know why he was crying; there was something strange about the food.
	Trying to break through the irrational, he was experiencing, he was just able to mutter, “Who’s them?”
	“Take this,” said Althenio and the food bundled itself. “Come later and visit,” he tossed the bundle at Jacko and with the snap of Althenio’s finger...
	Jacko was running through the sky toward the bright red horizon. He didn’t know why, but he knew he needed to make it over that red line. 
	As he ran, he heard a loud, honking wail, like the sound of an elephant and looked behind him. He breathed in fast at the sight of the black, leathery skin, enormous horns poking out of its head, and red, leering, eyes. Looking down, at the lower half of its body made Jacko gag, for the demon had the legs and hoofed feet of a goat.
	In its hand, it held a silver trident. Jacko flinched at the sight of the demon raising its black fleshy arm. He ran faster, and the demon sent red bolts at Jacko. 
	He was getting closer to the sky line. A few more feet, and he jumped, as high as he could, over the red horizon, and as he came down…
	Jacko awoke and shot up in bed. His heart pounded and sweat leaked down his face and rolled off his chin. The sun was blazing through a crack in the curtains and he looked at the alarm clock; it was almost four p.m. Right next to him was a white bundle that Dog was sniffing eagerly. He opened the bundle and saw food inside: bread, cheese, and meat. Only, the food was not irresistible, but it was small, puny, and barely appetizing to the eye. The meat was shriveled and dry while the bread smelled strongly of yeast. Dog, however, was sniffing hungrily at it, so he let him eat it. 
	Jacko paced up and down the room trying to figure out what had happened. What the heck was going on? Was he in danger? Even the dog was strange; how did he get here?
	“Dog,” and the dog looked at him. “Hey! Dog! Talk to me!” but he just stared. Jacko decided to wash up and worry about it later. Whatever was going on, he was just going to go with it, as it seemed that he had no choice anyhow. He only needed to make it to Sissy’s and everything would be fine, he told himself. 
	Jacko made to pack his belongings, but he lagged. He was so tired; almost as though he didn’t get an ounce of sleep. He stood and waivered there, next to the bed, and fell back down. Before he did anything, Jacko needed to rest more because he couldn’t ride that way. What if he got into an accident? Strange, though. He’d been in that bed many hours. 
	Sluggishly, he pulled himself back under the covers. Concord was, still, thirty-four hours away, without stopping. Briefly, he considered sleeping and then driving straight to Sissy’s without stopping. Fortunately, he dozed off and slept undisturbed, until there was knock at the door. The motel manager told him he needed to pay another day, if he was going to stay.



























Last Leg

Chapter 4

After hours and hours of riding, Jacko couldn’t stop replaying the images from his dream. He kept asking himself about how the food wound up in his hotel room? What about the conversation he had with Althenio? Was he really sleeping? The conversation felt real, but how could he be in two places at once? Not to mention Jacko felt as though he hadn’t slept at all. Perhaps because his subconscious mind was extremely awake in the dream? 
	As he contemplated these things, he continued to struggle against his nodding head, for, although he did manage to get a few more hours of rest, it was hardly sufficient. Eventually, he stopped at a gas station where he picked up some caffeine pills that were supposed to give him energy; instead they only gave him the jitters. 
	Despite the caffeine pills, Jacko remained on the edge of sleep. His eyes always felt really dry when he was tired, so he continued to rub them, blinking repetitively, hoping to move moisture over them. 
	He knew he needed to stop, but he was determined to keep going, until he eventually closed his eyes and reopened them to find red sky. Jacko jerked his head up in shock. Was he really sleeping? But how did he end up in the red world again? He looked down and saw that he was on a red gravel road, but the grass to his left and right was black moss. He looked to make sure that Dog was still with him, which he was but his eyes were bugged out in fright. 
	What scared him most was he didn’t know in what direction he was headed nor how to get back to the road in his world. He looked around anxiously hoping to find the point where the horizon turned from blue to red, but it was nowhere in sight. Jacko’s heart really started to pound hard, then, Dog started to bark, hysterically. 
	Suddenly, Jacko heard a sound like a dinosaur wail behind him. In his fright, he over steered his bike and went off the road. He screamed as he saw the size of the ditch he was about to drive into. Jacko closed his eyes tight, and Dog cried out. Instinctively, he visualized his bike flying with him and Dog safely over the ditch. As he did so, his bike leapt wheel over head in the air, landed back on the ground, and continued forward. “Oh my god!” Jacko yelled. Dog cried; he didn’t like the ride too much. 
	Again, the screeching wail came from behind. This time, Jacko didn’t over steer, but he looked quickly behind him to see a black demon was after him, just like when he was asleep. He couldn’t really see the contours of the demon’s body because it camouflaged with the background of trees and mountains. All he could see were its red eyes gleaming in contrast to his shiny, wet leather-like skin, and its black horns against the red of the sky. 
	Jacko turned his head forward to check his direction and balance, and then turned back toward the demon for a second glance. In the brief glance behind, Jacko screamed but not at the sight of the demon, rather at the black frightening steed it rode. The creature had the blackened body of a lion with humungous paws, and its head was enormously deranged with dozens of eyes. It was like a cherub of heaven, and not the phony Hallmark kind that everyone knew was fake. This looked like a real cherub, only not as holy as was depicted to be the eyes of God in religion. 
	Along both sides of the steed, scaly dogs began to appear, he broke out in a major sweat. Pushing his bike on faster, he tried to think fast. How did he get there? And how does he get back? 
	Dog began barking again, but then he started to whine so loudly that Jacko could not ignore him. Jacko looked to his right and saw two demon dogs leapt onto the sidecar. “NOOOO!” yelled Jacko as one opened its huge fanged mouth and was about to close it on poor Dog’s throat. 
	Jacko closed his eyes tight, not wanting to see Dog get bit, and then light penetrated his eyelids. He opened them again and he was riding out in the midst of cacti, Joshua trees, and toward a canyon. Jacko squeezed his breaks hard, just in time to prevent going over a cliff. He looked around him and saw that he was back in the real world. Jacko breathed hard, in and out, for a moment. 
	Dog barked at Jacko, who turned off the bike and walked over to undo Dog’s straps. They, both, walked for a stretch, drank some water, and tried to calm their beating hearts. Blinking and sleeping; so that was it, he thought to himself.  He looked in the distance and saw where the road was. 
	As he strapped Dog back in, there was a whirl of movement and wind swept up all around him. Nervously, and with eyes roving all around him, Jacko finished strapping Dog in and hurriedly started the bike. He drove back toward the main road as quick as he could.
	How was he gonna keep from sleeping? He was still a day and a half away from Concord! Jacko needed a plan that would get him to Sissy’s, alive. The last time he slept well, was behind the gas station, but that wasn’t really restful because he kept hearing the cars. 
	Bingo! He said to himself. He needed a distraction to keep him somewhat grounded as he slept. The first time he dreamt of the world, he was completely unconscious while, the second time, he was exhausted, and so he slept more deeply than normal. At the gas station, he felt on his guard because, in the back of his mind, he was wary of sleeping outside. What if there were bums? Or someone was to sneak up on him and steal his things? Or a rattlesnake slithered into his sack? He felt like he needed to be aware even as he slept. Hypothetically, he was not fully, lights-out asleep as he was when he was passed out, or slept without distraction like in the motel.
	Okay, he thought. He would not check into another motel, but he would camp the rest of the way, and hope that that would keep him grounded.  
	After a while, a sign came up that said they were thirty miles from Cheyenne, this gave Jacko great relief. He pushed his bike even faster because he knew he could still fall asleep again. Sure, he could just pull over and camp on the side of the road, but that might attract attention. What he needed was someplace to keep him inconspicuous, but with background noise to keep him from going places in his sleep. 
	Twenty more miles and he and Dog were parked behind another gas station that was a quarter of a mile off the road. It seemed perfect, as there were a million frogs and crickets croaking about, and, occasionally, he thought he heard scurrying in the shrubs: probably a jack rabbit, gopher or a squirrel. After giving Dog some water, Jacko crawled into his sleeping bag. Dog finished his water and lay next to him. 
	Fortunately, he slept but it was not restful. His subconscious flitted between images of black demons, Althenio, and the mysterious face that he’d seen at the beginning of his trip. Fear gripped him and released, repeatedly, through the night.
	He lay awake, the next day, and stared up at the sky a few minutes. Dog lay next to him, peacefully. Jacko questioned his sanity. Whether it was safe for him to be on the road at all was a concern, but, surely, it wasn’t safe for him to stay on the road, either. 
	After a few moments, Jacko saw the mysterious face he hadn’t seen since the scary night in Reno; it appeared against the blue sky. Only, this time he didn’t deny what he was seeing or look away, but he just stared back at the face and tried to take in its features. “Who are you?” he asked, but the image just blinked and slowly disappeared. Still, he could’ve sworn it looked a lot like his sister, Sissy. 
	Jacko was too tired to think, anymore, on it. The only thing he cared about was getting to Sissy’s as soon as possible. He packed up quickly, and then he and Dog ate an early lunch at the diner up the road. After which, they drove a few hundred miles without stopping until they reached Grand Islands, Nebraska. 
	That leg of the trip was uneventful. This was fortunate because Jacko was feeling like he’d had more mystery than he could handle. He’d even entertained checking himself into psychiatric hospital. The more he thought on the events that had happened, the more scared he became. He didn’t want to start trouble in any world; all he wanted to do was get to his sister’s, start a new life, and never see his father again.
	They passed through Nebraska, stopped to refresh and traveled another ten hours. Jacko and Dog slept in another deserted gas station, along the way. During the evening, he concurred with his prior deduction that he got the least rest when he was most relaxed. When he was most comfortable, he could not restrain his subconscious. 
	But that didn’t explain the dog. He reminded himself that when he was riding on his bike, in the red world, his dog was there, too. That wasn’t imagined, for when he was back in the real world, Dog was pretty shaken up. 

	Yeah! Because we nearly drove off a cliff! I fell asleep while riding! I’m cracking up!
	
	Another twelve hours of riding, and another city, Jacko felt confident that he could sleep without trouble again. There was an old abandoned barn that looked like it was barely standing. He could get one more night of rest, and then continue through until he got to New Hampshire. When he crossed the state line, he’d call Sissy.
	It was chilly that night. They made sure the barn was completely abandoned, and then Jacko managed a small fire to keep them warm. 
	They slept behind barn because the inside smelled putrid, like manure. Dog begged Jacko to scratch him behind his ears.  They cuddled in together, and the dog was soon asleep, but Jacko remained awake. He stared at the fire and thought hard about what would happen if he had an episode at his sister’s house. Would she have him committed? Perhaps he shouldn’t go. 
	Jacko wanted to tell himself that it was all a dream, but he really had no choice but to believe it, or, rather, to believe that something was going on that was endangering himself. What if he caused harm to his sister? 
	He would never understand what was going on unless he talked to psychiatrist, which was about the last thing he wanted to do.  
	After thinking about it for hours, Jacko faded into sleep. In the morning, he decided they would try to ride straight to Concord without stopping. He had had enough of the road trip and wanted to be comforted. More than anything, he wanted to feel safe and without worry.
	About noon, he gave Dog some food and water while having a bite at the local gas station. After which, once again, they were off on their final hours of the trip, and stopping for gas every so often. 
	Unexpectedly, they hit five ‘o’ clock traffic, so he and Dog stopped, once more, briefly for dinner, and then took off again; this time they didn’t stop until nine p.m., when they happened upon a park in Brunswick. 
	Too tired to continue, as he planned, they had one more night of camp, and when light had risen again, Dog and Jacko did not stop riding until they crossed the state line of New Hampshire. Upon which, Jacko finally called his sister.

	“Hey, Sissy.”
	“Jacko? Where are you? I called your dad because I had a feeling something was wrong.”
	“Yeah well, I couldn’t take it anymore. I’m right outside of New Hampshire,” then Jacko had a double take. “Did you say my dad? Isn’t he your dad, too? Not that it matters. I guess I was hoping that I could stay with you for a bit. I-if not,” he stuttered, “I-I totally understand but I was hoping maybe for a couple of weeks?”
	“What exactly are your plans?”
	“Just to settle in for a few weeks and get a job.”
	“What about school?”
	“I’m thinking about quitting anyway. I can get my GED easy and then I’ll take night classes at a college and, eventually, transfer to a university. Look, I am not giving up on school but I want to be on my own.”
	“Well, alright, Jacko. I already talked about you, and I’ve been given permission to have you as a guest. Do you have the address?”
	“No.”
	“Alright, well, I’ll text you directions. You can bring the dog, too; it’s okay.” 

	How did she know about his dog?

	Too tired to ask questions, Jacko said ‘okay’ and hung up. He waited for the little message with the map to appear. Her house was only a few hours away.
	He made it to Concord by midnight. As he drove through the dark neighborhood, he was very impressed. The houses were big on that block, and the one that was Sissy’s was the biggest. Who did she live with? Someone rich? It was a huge columned white house that looked sort of like the old plantation houses in the south. 
	Jacko parked his bike on the street and walked up to the door and pressed the button. 
	
	“Hey!” Sissy gave him a long, tight hug. “Wow, you’re humungous! You’ve grown!” and right behind Sissy there were a dozen children who were all laughing, smiling, and looking at Jacko. Behind them was one very tall, frightening man who looked to be almost eight feet with long blond hair and very smooth, porcelain-like skin that reminded Jacko, immediately, of Althenio. 
	“Well, this is…” Sissy began a long introduction, but Jacko’s mind started to lose focus after child number three. He looked up as Sissy introduced the man of the house, Manlo, but all Jacko could see was the man’s funny smooth skin, like glazed porcelain, it was. 
	Perhaps he knew what Jacko was thinking because Manlo was a little abrupt in the way he said, “Alright, everyone. Let’s stand back and give Jacko and Dog some room. They are extremely tired. Sissy, make him feel at home. Come on, everyone.”
	
	Sissy led Jacko up the stairs to a room on the first floor of the four story house. It was a small room with a bathroom. Dog jumped up on the bed, lay down and yawned long and whiney; Jacko sat next to him. He was just grateful they didn’t expect him to stay up and keep them company, or engage them in chit chat because he was exhausted. 
	
	Sissy sat on the bed next to them, “So, Jacko, are ya hungry?”
	Jacko shook his head, and then stretched on the bed. 
	“Soooo,” dragged Sissy, “What happened in California?” 
	“It’s Dad. I just can’t live with him anymore. You know all the stuff I told you about him and his girlfriend. Well, they were at it, again, and I had to get out. I hope you won’t get in trouble for my showing up like this. What is this place anyway? Who’re all those kids?”
	“Well, this may be a little surprising, but Manlo is my father.”
	Jacko sat up. 
	“Whaaat? You’re joking.”
	He didn’t believe it for a moment, but then he remembered his own question from earlier that night. ‘Isn’t he your dad, too?’ 
	“The tall guy with the shiny skin? That’s your father? So, wait. You’re not my sister?”
	“Of course, I am your sister. It’s just that I’m your half-sister.”
	“Why did you never tell me? How come I never knew?”
	“Mom didn’t want me to know. She only told me right before she died. Apparently, she and Manlo had been together for many years before I was born, and before she and your dad got together.”
	“So, John’s still my father then?” he asked, disappointed. “Bummer. So, wait, who are all those kids?”
	“They’re my brothers and sisters.”
	“What? All of them?”
	“Yep, haha,” she laughed at his surprise. “Well, anyway, I will talk to you more about it tomorrow. For now, get some rest, you look beat! Goodnight,” and she leant over and gave him a hard hug. 
	“Goodnight.”

	Jacko leaned back on the mattress for a few moments. He wondered what other secrets their mother could have possibly had before she died. Wouldn’t it be great if his father wasn’t his father?
House Rules

Chapter 5

	The next morning Jacko woke to the smell of pancakes aerating through the house. Jacko went downstairs to see several of the children were having lessons in a large drawing room at the foot of the stairs. 
	Curiously, he poked his head in and saw they were not typical lessons for average children. There were massive math equations which covered the chalk board because Manlo was teaching them quantum physics. Impressed, he moved along and found Sissy in the front room watching television while studying from her, own, set of books. 

Upon seeing Jacko and Dog, Sissy said, “Good morning. I was waiting for you to wake up.”
	“Mornin’,” said Jacko.
	“Come on,” said Sissy with a familiar bossy air that reminded Jacko of when they were younger.
	He followed her out of the living into the dining room in which there was a large buffet of food. 
	“After you’re done, wash your items and put them away.”
	“Okay,”
	“I’ll take Dog out back to eat where the other dogs do. I called your dad this morning.”
	“You what?” 
	“I had to because Manlo said you needed permission to stay here. Don’t worry, I talked sense to him and he said you can stay here for a while.”
	“A while? How about forever? I don’t ever want to go back there.”
	“Well, we can work on a plan later, but, for now, you need to learn the house rules.” 
	“Okay, but can I eat first? I’m starving.”
	“Yeah, sure.”
	
	After a healthy sized breakfast, Jacko washed up and went to meet Sissy in the garden where she was tending tomatoes the size of large cantaloupes.
	“Those are humungous tomatoes!” exclaimed Jacko.
	“Yep!” she smiled, “they’re my specialty.”
	“But, how did you get them to grow so big?”
	“I talked to them.”
	“You mean you’re one of those crazy garden ladies?”
	“NO! Punk!” she laughed, “Oh, I don’t know. It’s hard to explain. So, anyway, the house rules…” Sissy went over all the basics about cleaning up after himself and going to school. 
	After which, Jacko agreed to live by all the house rules. But when she said he would go back to school, he said, “Can I just go to school here? With all the other children? I don’t want to go back to dealing with idiot kids who are my age. I can tell the kids, here, are way more advanced in school than I am, so I think I could benefit.”
	Sissy laughed slightly, “All kids go to school once they look old enough to.”
	“What do you mean by that?”
	“You’ll find out later. For now, I need to ask you something,” she put down her pruning shears, removed her gloves, and turned to him. “Did our mother, or your father, ever tell you anything about your real heritage?”
	“Heritage?” What a bizarre question.
	“I mean about the kind of people we are descended from.”
	“No, they never liked talking about that stuff, you know that.”
	“Okay. Well, anyway, I need to change. Afterward, we can go and get you registered with school.”
	Sissy went to wash up while Jacko wandered around the back yard, which turned out to be much bigger than he thought. The garden was enormously packed with herbs and vines, and various fruit trees were planted throughout the yard. He walked over to the large kennel that housed a dozen dogs or so; it was there that he saw Dog who jumped up and down at the sight of Jacko. He walked over and pet Dog over the fence.
	After spending a few minutes with Dog, he went back inside to get his wallet and check his email. Once again, he passed by the classroom in which the kids were having their lessons. Several of the kids looked at him with such interest and several others waved at him. Jacko smiled, waved back, and went upstairs feeling relieved that his arrival was not disdained.
	Later, after Jacko was registered for school, they went into town to hang out for a bit. They had a nice long talk. Sissy told Jacko about the kids and how she went about finding Manlo, then, Jacko told Sissy more about Anna and his father, the night he ran away.
	According to Sissy, Manlo was a family man who loved raising kids. All the children were apparently his, which meant that they were Sissy’s siblings, too. When Jacko asked if he were related to any of them through their mother, Sissy looked away and didn’t speak for a moment. Looking sour in the face, she turned back to him and explained that their mother died, but that they were all fortunate enough to spend a good many years with her. For some reason, however, she wouldn’t tell him how their mother died. Jacko wondered if she was keeping information from him for the benefit of the children, or to conceal something from him. 	
A week went by, during which, Jacko became more familiar with the house and its inhabitants. As it turned out, Manlo only looked majestically frightening, but he was really quite warm and friendly. Yes, he was a little weird to look at, but Jacko looked forward to his company. Whenever Manlo entered a room, he sought his attention because he made him feel calm, and, for so long, Jacko felt jarred and unnerved. Manlo had a healing way about him that could not be explained with words. The more time he spent with him, the better his soul was repaired from his damaging old life. 
 Manlo was smart and always had something interesting to say. What really tripped Jacko out was how intuitive he could be. In fact, he wondered if Manlo could read his mind! He just seemed to know what he was thinking all the time, even before Jacko would say anything, yet there was a little ambiguity to his words and actions that made him unsure if he really was reading his mind, or not.
Over the next few days, Jacko spent much time with the kids, several, of whom, warmed up to Jacko right away. They first bonded when they all sat in the living room determined to help him remember all their names. For Jacko, this was easily accomplished when remembering them in alphabetical as well as numerical age order. 
From oldest to youngest, the girls were Anle, Alica, Bordra, Dienla, and Forsi. They were all smart, tall, and pretty with each varying in hair colors from blonde to brown, to red. Anle was the oldest and the wisest, of the boys and girls, at seventeen while Alica was wise, too, but more reserved. Bordra was warm and boisterous, and she along with Anle would play basketball just as hard as the boys whereas Alica didn’t like sports as much. Lastly, Dienla was an excitable busy-body type, and Forsi was, by far, the most girlish of them all. 
The boys were much easier to learn because they were all named after Manlo. The family, however, had developed nicknames for them all. Bouncy was, naturally, hyperactive as well as the second oldest just under Anle. Grill was arrogant on account of his good looks while Machine was totally macho because of his excellent physique and strength. Icy was a laid back loner type who spent much time “just hangin’” with Alica. Bull was stubborn; Brain was nerdy-smart; Truth was known for his honesty. 
Of the girls in the house, Jacko especially liked Anle who was smart and clever. Whenever there was a dispute, Anle would call for peace while Truth would lay down the facts. The siblings gave her much respect and treated her like a second-in-command to Manlo; even Sissy respected her as authoritative. She was always calm, yet driven, and Jacko thought she’d make a great mother one day; either that, or a conquer-ess.
	Throughout the initial week, Jacko could be found surrounded by all the kids as well as Manlo. They asked him questions about his life, like why he was there, and very specific questions about his mother.  The kids wanted to know much about what she was like. Did she like California? What were her favorite foods? Did they spend much time together when he was young? The younger ones were especially loaded with questions.
	Normally, those kinds of questions would have angered Jacko, but there was something genuine about their inquisitiveness. They were very respectful, and Jacko liked remembering his mother in a good way. Plus, the way they looked so sad, when asking about her, made Jacko pity them. He knew what they must have been going through, seeing as they had lost their mother too. 
	Just like Sissy promised, school wasn’t so bad; in fact, Jacko felt he actually liked going to school. Every morning, he, Bouncy, Grill, and Machine would walk to school together. The girls had school too, but they preferred to walk on their own. 
	What Jacko really loved about school is the way people looked at them with much respect. He also loved that, physically, they were an intimidating group of guys. Not that Jacko was a bully, or anything, but with him as the shortest at six foot, and Machine the tallest at seven foot five, people would be crazy to mess with them. 
When they walked down the street, people stared. A group of tall, gangly boys walking three times faster than an average man, due to the length of their legs, was quite a sight. For the first time, in Jacko’s life, he had a hard time keeping up a walking pace; usually, it was the other way around, but after a few walks to school, he was able to keep up just fine.
At school, kids were really friendly, but the boys liked keeping to themselves. During the first few classes of the morning, Jacko felt self-conscious about being the new kid without friends. He didn’t want to be lame and tag along with the boys from his house because he had none, but he was embarrassed to sit alone without any. Luckily, he didn’t have to worry so much about the stigma of being new and without friends because, at break, Bouncy and the boys found Jacko and insisted they hang out. 
Bouncy and the boys introduced Jacko to different people all over the school. Most of them seemed genuinely pleased to meet him, but Jacko got the feeling it was just a way of sucking up to his sister’s siblings, for they, despite their exclusivity, were extremely popular. 
The only downer part of the day was when they introduced Jacko to a girl named Bea. She was cute but annoyed Jacko by following him around campus, and repeatedly trying to invite him over to her house to study. Bouncy, Machine, and Grill liked to tease Jacko about her in the evenings. Grill seemed to want to take Jacko under his wing and teach him a thing or two about women. Apparently, Grill often liked to pretend that he was excellent at scoring, but, in fact, had never hit it off with a girl in his life. 
In the hours after school, the boys would do homework in the dining room, and the girls would do theirs in the kitchen. Usually, toward the end of their studies, Anle, Alica, and Bordra would join the boys, who would goof off and try to distract them. The girls were much smarter than the boys and loved to rub in their faces that they were always finished with their work first. When they all were done with homework, they would go out back and play basketball until dinner; sometimes the younger siblings would join them. 
Dinner was always a huge affair that Jacko looked forward to! He was used to eating dinner alone, even on holidays, so it was something else to dine with a big family. He loved how everyone talked about their day, and how everyone was supportive of each other; be it feelings, challenges with their studies, or other personal dilemmas. Jacko loved how, even in the face of problems, they were a highly positive and upbeat attitudinal family. 
After dinner, they’d clean their dishes and do evening chores. If daylight was still available, they would go back out and play another game of basketball, and, if it was dark, they would mess around in the game room. 
During the days, and often, the evenings, Sissy was hardly to be seen. Her absence made Jacko feel awkward, at first. He was never good at making acquaintances or friends, so he was hoping she’d help ease his transition into the house. Jacko, soon, realized that he worried for nothing. The kids made him feel extremely welcome. 
Sissy was off at school most of the time. Manlo told Jacko that she was busy trying to catch up with her studies because she lost school time when she left home, after their mother died. Before she found Manlo, she struggled in an apartment in New York City where she could barely pay her rent, though she worked around the clock. 
Manlo always kind of looked funny to Jacko whenever he’d mention his mother, and he mentioned her a lot. Jacko wondered if he was really over her after so many years; maybe he was really angry with her, too. Perhaps he was angry the way that Jacko was for so long. To him, his mother taking her own life was as good as purposely abandoning him, and it was really hard for him to forgive her for that. 
Everything was bliss for a few weeks. Sissy kept telling Jacko that they needed to sit down and have a heart-to-heart conversation. About what, Jacko didn’t know, but she promised it wasn’t to send him away. Yet, she never had time in her tight schedule to have that heart-to-heart. 
Overall, he was very happy and could have remained where he was forever. Everything was going so well that Jacko never had a moment of sadness. He even convinced himself that the demon he had on his trail was just his depression pushing him into a schizotypal episode. Jacko never considered that he might bring danger into the house that he, now, loved. While he was in the home with Manlo and the others, he thought he was safe but, unfortunately, he was wrong.
Jacko lay down to rest one evening. He had another great day at school, studying, and sports with the boys. After he drifted off to sleep, he immediately started dreaming of nonsense. Stuff like blue skies, red skies, then nine foot men and women, a loud barking that turned into an ear shattering dinosaur wail. Only, the barking part was for real and it was right outside the house. When the noise woke him, he simply muttered “Oh Jeez,” and rolled over. The barking continued, Jacko said “Please, shut up,” and slammed a pillow onto his head. 
Unfortunately, the barking did not stop, instead, it got louder and then there really was a crazy screeching-wailing noise. 
Sissy burst into his room and told him to get dressed and to go downstairs. Jacko arose and dressed, all the while barking and screeching noises emanated from somewhere below. He stood, fearful, for a moment before opening his door. Intuitively, he knew he was about to face something dreadful. 
When he finally made it downstairs, it was to see everyone in the house was already gathered in the living room. They all turned and looked at him, 
“Hey, genius,” said Bouncy sounding sarcastic.
“Be quiet,” Anle shot with authority.
“What’s going on?” asked Jacko.
“We were hoping you could tell us,” said Manlo from behind him. 
Jacko moved over to allow Manlo into the room. 
“Dog!” exclaimed Jacko who was mauled by the loving yellow fur.
They hugged for a few moments before Sissy cut in and said, “Jacko, there are two wild dogs out there who seem intent on destroying the house. Now, we’ve got them caught in the pens and we are prepared to return them but we need to know why they are here.”
“How would I know how wild dogs get into the neighborhood?”
“We think you brought them here, is how.”
“What are you on about?”
“In this world, they are wild dogs but in the red lands, they are demon hounds. When on Earth, they are seen as mangy, gray dogs, a modern day chupacabra; when they break the veil in their wild form, they are seen as the mythical iguana-like version of the chupacabra.”  
For a moment, Jacko wondered if he should feign ignorance, so they didn’t think him crazy. 
“We won’t think you’re, crazy,” said Manlo. “We already know about the demons.”
“So, you know?”
“Yes, we all know about it,” said Manlo.
“How do you know about them?”
“Well, we don’t know, exactly, what happened to you,” said Sissy, “but I know that you were attacked a few times, on your way here. I tried to check in on you a few times, but you had gone somewhere I couldn’t see.”
Jacko had a realization, “Wait! It was you that I was seeing in the wind!”
“You saw me?”
“Yeah, your big white head in the wind, on my bike, and in the sky. I thought I was losing my mind!”
“Okay, enough,” said Manlo, “we don’t have time for this. If we’ve got more hounds coming, we’ve got to be prepared. Now, Jacko, we don’t have time to ease you into truths. I need you to trust your sister, and I, and do exactly as we ask.” He paused a moment to make sure Jacko was listening, and then continued, “First, tell us everything that happened to you, on your way here. Include the dreams, and leave not a single thing out – no matter how crazy.”

Jacko told them everything; about how he fought with his father and ran off; how he was attacked near Reno; about the way the man’s foot stuck in mid-air, “That was me,” said Sissy. “Right, Well, I heard you whisper to me…” and Jacko continued on, telling them how he nearly ran over Dog, who jumped up and down at the mention of his name. Just as he mentioned waking up some ways away from the road with two dogs trying to carry him off, “Now, Jacko,” said Manlo, “tell us about your dream.”
 Jacko back tracked to when he crashed off the road and described the strange dream. “Wow!” one of the kids said. Manlo just nodded his head as though what Jacko was saying made sense. When he talked about strange plant life, swimming with green goldfish, jumping through heavens, and dinner with Althenio, the children got very excited.
“Wow!” said Machine! “You dined with an ancient one! I want to meet him! Will you take me with you next time?”
Relieved that they believed him, he replied “I can’t because I don’t understand how I ended up there. Until now, I thought I was schizo.”
“So, basically, you’ve been leaping worlds in your sleep; that is why you have been tired, because you aren’t really sleeping,” figured Manlo.
“Yeah, I sort of figured out that I wasn’t really sleeping, but how am I doing it?”
“Projection, you see, you’re sending your spirit outward while you sleep.”
“Like an astral projection?”
“Sort of, but not quite.”
“What? How can this be? He is not even as pure as we are! How come I can’t go fishing in heaven!” asked Dienla jealously.
“Don’t be such a brat, Dienla. We are not that pure. Besides, he’s obviously of strong will. As we’ve studied in the past, strength of power cannot be predicted because it is tied in with strength of character,” said Brain, yet Dienla continued to brood. 
“Stop causing drama, Dienla. Act your age or you can leave. This is a serious matter,” scolded Manlo.
“It’s okay; she’s just a kid. I am not offended,” whispered Jacko.
“Well you should be because she is not a child,” said Manlo.
“What do you mean?” 
“Well, you wondered what Sissy meant by ‘everyone goes to school when they look old enough.’” 
Jacko just looked at him in amazement. How much did Manlo really know?
 	“What your sister meant, was that we don’t age the same as humans do. Our cells are resistant to the rapidity of degeneration that humans may experience. Brain has it figured out that a person born with more dominant genes of a god will age on average 1.5 to five years more slowly than a mortal.”
	“Back up, a second. Who’s got the genes of a god?”
	“Use your brain, Jacko. You’re so smart at some times, yet dull at others.”
	“So, wait, you’re saying that you all have god genes?”
	“We are descendants of, and not nearly as powerful as Althenio…”
	“Wait, Althenio?”
	“Yes.” 
	“Okay, but everyone here looks to be of normal age, to me.”
	“Everyone, except Forsi, Brain, and Truth, has hit puberty. Dienla is going through puberty now. She is eleven, in Earth years, but has the mind of a sixteen year old girl, yet she looks like a budding child. Once Forsi, Brain, and Truth hit puberty, as Dienla has, they will grow at an astonishing rate, like the rest of my children, here.”
	He still had doubt, so Manlo continued, “Think about it, Jacko. You, yourself, noticed I have similar skin to Althentio’s. Look at our height. We are all over six feet tall, and some of us are still growing. How many teenage girls, have you met, who were over six foot? Does that seem human to you? Forsi, Brain, and Truth, if they were normal humans, would be in high school, by now. Do they even look like they could pass for middle school children, to you?”
	Jacko considered the fact that he, himself, was already six foot when he entered the middle grades. He considered how extremely precocious little Forsi, Brain, and Truth were for children.
	“Do you know how old you are Jacko?”
	“Me? I know how old I am, thank you.” 
	“Well, Sissy says you were kept home for an extra two years before going to school yourself. Do you recall ever spending lengthy amounts of time at home? Have you not ever wondered why your childhood is vividly remembered by you? When others cannot even remember the first time they’ve tied their shoes?”
	Jacko thought hard about what he was saying and realized that Manlo was right. He did remember tying his shoes at a young age. His mother told everyone he was two, but Jacko had never met a two year old who could tie their own shoe before. Next, there was swimming, and school, where he always felt a little out of place because he was clearly advanced. People thought him a genius, naturally gifted or just plain weird, but his mother would refuse any attempt to test him to see if he really was a prodigy.
	Manlo watched Jacko, and then continued with “Yes, I see you are starting to understand why we need to keep our children home a bit longer. Now it is time for me to explain to you some basics. First, Althenio is a demigod. I am a quartergod, as was your mother, and that makes our children quartergods. You are an octigod, which is why it is amazing to see you are as gifted as you are, for although strength of power is tied to character, there are typically limitations to the lesser ends of bloodlines. As a bloodline weakens, so will the strengths; although, every so often, we’ll hear of a powerful witch who is a distant descendant, but they are not the norm. Still, they are not witches, for there is no such thing; they are merely the descendants of gods, angels, and demons. Somehow, after decades, and even centuries, a dormant gene will awaken, giving the host strength. With that said, perhaps it isn’t so strange that you should be as capable as our children.”
	“You’re saying I’m part god too?”
	“What do you think? After all the evidence I present you and after all you have been through?”
“What do you mean by ‘our children’? You mean child, Sissy, right?”
“No, I mean everyone in this room, except myself, of course.” 
Jacko was stunned into silence. Was he saying what he thought he was saying? Were all these kids his half brothers and sisters? Sissy did ignore him when he asked if he was related to any of them through their mother.
“Yes, you are all related. Why do you think everyone was so excited to receive you? Why do you think I received you? Our number one concern, here, is exposure. If you were entirely human, I would never have allowed you into this house. We are family here and, although you and I are not technically related, I feel obligated to father you as I would my own. I cannot let a child as powerful as you wander off, alone, in the world.” 
Manlo stopped for a moment and watched Jacko’s expression, which was extorted in anger at the idea of being kept in the dark while everyone else knew what was really going on. 
“How is it you keep answering my thoughts? I hate that.”
“I’m a telepath. I can sense thoughts and images from your mind.”
“So why didn’t you reveal yourselves to me before?”
“Because I wasn’t sure you were ready. I wanted for you, Sissy, and myself, to have a heart-to-heart, but we didn’t have time. I may be a telepath, but I am not all-knowing. If you don’t think something, I won’t sense it; if you think too many things, it makes no sense. I did not know, for sure, if I could, or should, approach you, so I did not rush to enlighten you.”
Manlo must’ve sensed Jacko wishing he had never come because he said, “I hope you can forgive us for not being forthright with you, but do not be angry with Sissy; she wanted to tell you from the start, but it was I who held her back. I know you are emotionally confused, but we haven’t time for it. The demons who own the hounds are strong and they will be back – they never leave their hounds behind. Fortunately, you, too, are powerful. I can see from Dog’s mind that you are also a conjurer, a most valuable and coveted gift among the gods; to be able to call things to you at will, and to make reality as you want it. We need you to use your power to help us, and to save you.” 
Jacko was confused but was having a hard time speaking because he was still upset about being lied to.
 “What is a conjurer?” Manlo read from Jacko’s thoughts, “I had a chat with Dog this morning and, I was wondering, do you recognize Dog from anywhere?” 
“Uh, yes,” Jacko said honestly, “I brought him back with me from heaven.”
“Not exactly, Jacko. Think. Where do you know Dog from? Does he, not, look more familiar to you?”
Aaaaa WOOF! The dog barked and Jacko’s mind raced. Manlo sat back and watched him. He looked up at Manlo with understanding, then down at Dog with recognition, “He belongs to a family who lives down the street from my home. I guess I made him appear on that highway, but I don’t know how.”
“The way I see it,” Manlo looked at Dog, “you must’ve been feeling lonely or scared and accidentally called him to you.”
“So that’s what conjuring is? Calling things?”
“No, not all, though that is what the name implies. A conjurer, by literal definition, is a word for a nonspecific sorcerer. Sorcerers have power that comes from within, and need no spells to make supernatural effect. That’s what you are, a conjurer.” Dog was turning around and walking back and forth between Jacko and Manlo as they kept saying his name.
“How did you know that?”
“I can sometimes commune with dogs; we have a special bond. But, as you will see, we all have our own talents, even Sissy.”
 “Why is it he could talk to me that day on the side of the road, but not now?”
“I don’t know why he no longer talks, but I think it has something to do with your abilities; you must’ve made him capable of speech, but then taken it away. In heaven, however, every living thing is capable because mind rules matter there. If Dog wanted to talk, he’d talk.”
“I’m so sorry, boy! Come here!” he banged his lap and Dog ran up to him. After a moment, Jack said, “Do you want me to continue with my story?”
“No. I know what Althenio meant. You have a demon on your trail, and he’s followed you here; it’s just as I suspected.”
“Yes, but I still don’t understand how.”
“When the gods retired millenniums ago, they were given a spot for heavenly rest. On one side of the horizon is a peaceful and calm utopia while, on the other side, there is a heaven for hunters, and it’s sometimes known as hell. But hell is a slander from the gods, on our side, because the fact is their hell is their resting place; to them, it is utopia. We are just different. The hunters are the gods of evil, war, and destruction, and, to be alive, is to understand other beings ways of living. Somehow, when you wandered in the red lands, you attracted a demon; it’s the only thing I can think. Why do they want you? I couldn’t possibly know.”
“So there is no such thing as biblical hell?”
Manlo shook his head.
“So if those black things are demons, and the men in heaven are gods, then what are angels?”
“Angels are other species, and they do tend to have wings. It’s just that man got used to seeing them with the gods, and so they blended the mythology, giving the gods wings.”
“Is there a way to kill the demons?”
“Yes but only after we are granted permission by the elders.”
“Elders?”
“Yes, the eldest Gods are the ones who protect the heavens; they are often purebloods or the sons of purebloods; they are the planets in the sky. We must get permission to strike down any of these creatures, or else the elders may strike us down in return. Long ago, there was an agreement that heaven wouldn’t disturb the red lands as long as they didn’t disturb our side. In times past, when these agreements were broken by civilians, permission was sought from the elders who, in turn, would seek permission from the demon gods. It won’t be easy to get permission from them either, but it’s our only hope. We will talk to them and they will talk to their dark godly counterparts. If we are lucky, the dark gods will pluck the demon who seeks you; if not, we will have to destroy him ourselves. The hunters have a right to life and they are important to the balance of nature. Still, it is very peculiar that one should want to hunt a human child, and I’m sure this will create a ruckus.”
“So how do we do this?”
“We cannot do this. The gods would never suffer the sight of someone impure, like you or I, and would kill us on the spot. We will have to go to Althenio for help.”
“You know Althenio?”
“Yes, and we’ll have to go to him, now. We must go before it is too late, for demons are ruthless by nature and only respond to force. We’ll go tonight and we’ll take the hounds with us; they’ll be like a peace offering.” 
Just as Althenio said they would go that night, there was loud, high pitched ringing noise in their ears; it was like the high pitch of a dog whistle only magnified to unbearable levels. The ringing became gradually louder and everyone put their hands up to their ears, except Manlo and Jacko who stared knowingly at each other. Suddenly, the window shattered inward and everyone hit the floor. The wind whirled around in the room, and then something landed in the living room. Although Jacko couldn’t see the demon, it was easy to guess that it was he who picked him up off the floor because he felt a something sharp pierce his butt cheek as he was lifted into the air. 
Jacko closed his eyes real tight as glass slid out from his hair. When he opened them again, he saw the demon clearly who was examining him on the edge of his trident. He looked the demon straight in the eyes who said something in a weird language. Its voice was deep and electronic sounding, as though it came from an out of tune radio station.
Manlo tried to rescue Jacko, but the demon threw a red bolt from his trident that hit his chest and sent him flying back toward the wall. Next, Dog ran at the demon’s steed of many eyes and it went crazy like an elephant with a rat. The demon wailed, terribly, as its steed jumped up and down in the living room, almost bucking him right off, as it tried to stomp poor Dog. 
The black cherub almost got Dog a few times, but Jacko blinked and suddenly Dog was as big as the steed. When he barked, it made everyone grab their ears, once more, and all the windows in the house shattered; even Manlo was hunched on the ground. The black cherub squealed, flailed its front legs high up in the air. The pants, through which the trident pierced, ripped straight through, and Jacko fell to the ground. Dog made to rush the cherub that turned around and ran cowardly back out of the window, and into the night right as neighborhood security pulled into their driveway.

Return to Heaven

Chapter 6
 
Manlo gave the security men a fictitious story about chasing robbers through the house. He told them several men came upon them all as they watched television in the living room; Manlo and the boys fought them off. The security guard looked like he hardly believed him, but he still wanted to file a police report. Manlo convinced him, and the others, it wasn’t necessary, and urged them to leave.

They all sat in the living room without saying much. 
“I don’t get it,” said Truth, “How’d that thing get in here? Dad, you always told us that those things couldn’t hurt us.”
“I’m sorry, Truth. I don’t know how he came here tonight.”
“It was me. I think I brought him over.”
“Why in the world would you do that?” asked Bordra.
“No, I don’t mean that I conjured him to come here; that would be the last thing I’d want. He came on his own, but I think I made him visible. When he picked me up, I thought we need to see him to fight him. I blinked and then he was visible. I think this means we are in serious trouble, now. He is visible in our world. What if he cannot go back to the red lands? Did I bring him over, completely, in some way? Althenio warned me about the danger of a demon on Earth.” 
When no one answered right away, Jacko ran out of the room and up the stairs. Althenio appeared, out of air, at the top of the landing. Jacko ran straight into him, bounced off his marble-like chest, and almost tumbled back down the stairs. Althenio reached out his arm and pulled Jacko onto the floor, saving him. 
“You are not going anywhere, Jacko. You can’t conquer the demon on your own. You’re going to need my help, and I’m going to need yours.”
“The longer I stay here, the more danger you’ll all be in. I’ll go to Althenio. You need to stay here and protect your house and family.”
“I can see that you are a terrible listener, and my patience is getting short, so I will give you this one warning,” Jacko watched Manlo’s face turn from white to red like a mood ring, as he spoke. “If you try to leave without me, I will bind you so that you can’t even move an arm.” Manlo paused a second to let the thought sink in. 
“I appreciate your concern, but my children can handle themselves, I assure you. However, if the demon should come back, their chance for survival lies with the gods. A demon is stronger than 50 men put together. Once one gets the scent of its prey, it will not stop coming because it is a matter of honor to that species; hunting is an animal instinct for them. Telling them never to bother us again would be like saying to a lion, never stalk again, and that is why the demons are nicknamed hunters. 
Also, an issue you fail to realize is that the less pure of blood you are, the less welcomed you will be, by many, in heaven. Though most, of them, are half breeds, themselves, they are extremely proud and prejudiced. Your chances are only good, if you are with me, for, although I’m not much purer than you, I am old, have some respect amongst those in heaven; some will know of me through reputation, and I’m a good friend to Althenio. 
Now Althenio cannot be with you every step of the way, so I insist you let me come and guide you; helping you helps me and my family,” he paused again. 
“I’ll need you to use your power to project the both us, in physical form, to heaven. I can project, like you, but only small distances because I only grew into that ability about 150 years ago. Here, on Earth, we don’t get to practice our abilities to full extent, so our talents become latent or weak. That is why, for example, you’ve only just come into your powers. If you hadn’t had your little accident in Reno, it is likely you never would have known your true abilities, and being a conjurer is a very special thing.”
“What is so special about it?”
“For starters, there is an ancient tale about a conjurer who, nearly 100,000 years ago, when the demons ruled the Earth in the arch eon, and the Earth’s plates were crusted with fresh lava, an old conjurer born out of the chaos of the oldest gods - from another universe that no longer exists -, changed the Earth from the demon reigned hell into what it is now. That is what it means to be a conjurer; you have only to focus on what you want to make it physical; you can make things appear out of thin air, or you can change the appearance of things as you will. 
For example, your sleep projections were different than one who astral projects. You see, an astral projectionist is a person who can control their spirit, separately, from their body. In your case, you are not an astral projectionist, despite that that was what was what happened. The truth is you sent your spirit to heaven using your will, and that is what conjuring is - pure power of will.”
“So what do you need me to do?”
 “I will need you to get both of us into heaven and back, using your power. Do you understand everything I’ve said tonight?”
“Yes, but how am I going to do it? With Dog, it was by accident.”
“I will coach you, downstairs.”
“If I can use pure power of will, or whatever, why can’t I just send the demon back?”
At this question, Manlo looked dead serious and dead mean.
“I want you to listen to me very carefully. You had better heed every word, or you will suffer the wrath of gods,” and his white porcelain cheeks flared blood red once more. “You cannot change the world; you cannot interfere with the will of other beings; you cannot break natural law, and if you do, the gods will strike you down. Heed my words, Jacko. Heed my words.”

When they reentered the front room, all the kids stared at them as Manlo said. 
“Jacko and I are going on a journey,” 
“Awww..., NO! I want to go! Why can’t we go?” they complained and whined.
“You know why, so don’t ask,” said Manlo.
“What about me?” shouted Anle.
“No, I need you and the boys to protect the young ones.”
“We are not children! Jacko’s younger than all of us! It’s not fair!” yelled Forsi.
“Technically not, but those creatures are deadly, strong, and clever. The more of you there are, the better you’ll be able to defend yourselves, if one should come back while we are gone. Look,” said Manlo at disparaging glares, “I’ve made up mind.” 
“Now, Anle is in charge. Everything is to continue as normal. Time moves differently, up there, so if we are not back in two weeks, then use this,” Manlo produced a fluorescent pink vial, which he handed to Anle. 
“What is it?” asked Forsi.
“Transport,” said Brain, “molecular power boost in a vial.”
“We will try to touch base with you every day, or rather every few hours up there. Jacko will send thoughts to you from us in a telekinetic way, as he can project that far but I cannot. Time may get the better of us, so if you don’t hear from us for three or more days in a row, Machine, Bouncy, and Grill are to take that. Just a little bit will take you three to Althenio’s house, but the rest of you,” Manlo commanded, “you need to stay here and protect the younger ones. If the demon comes back, do whatever it takes. I’ll clean up any subsequent mess, so don’t worry about exposure. Now, you remember all I taught you about emergency protection. Anle, set out all the protection crystals; Sissy, pray to the Gaia, the Earth goddess for protection; Alica, pull out the protection pendants and no one leave the house without one; everyone, be sure to cloak yourselves when you are out and, especially, when you are alone.”
“Wait!” said Sissy. “What about the hounds?”
“Don’t bother,” said Brain who was poking his head through the curtained glass door, “they’re gone; busted out.” 
They were all quieted for a moment as Manlo went out back to make sure they were gone.
Manlo reentered the room a moment later and continued, “Jacko, now you’ll project us to the countryside of heaven.”
“Wait,” said Sissy. “What if the demon does come back, and we do have to fight?”
“Then, fight. Do not worry about exposure,” Manlo repeated himself. “Do not be afraid, for they will not kill you; at least, not right away.”
“Oh that makes us feel better,” said Bouncy, sarcastically. 
Manlo shot him a whither look and said, “We will clean up any mess when we return.” Manlo, then, grabbed Jacko’s hand and said, “Let us go now.”
“I don’t know what to do.”
“You are going to project us to the heaven of the gods; the very spot where you first met Althenio is a good point to focus on.”
“But I can’t because I don’t know how. You said I was astral projecting in my sleep, which was purely accidental.”
“Yes, but I said you were able to project because you’re a conjurer which is pure will magic. Trust me, Jacko, when you blinked on the road and found yourself in the red lands, you used your power to take you there, accidentally. Now you know you have the strength to do it. You have only to focus on what you want; just close your eyes and think.”
Jacko closed his eyes, as Manlo suggested, and focused on the image of Manlo and himself standing on the constant gravel road of heaven. After a moment, Jacko opened his eyes and saw the room with the kids, but it was hazy. Again, he closed his eyes and stood, for what seemed like minutes, and continued to imagine them looking down at the road as it made footprints ahead of their steps, leading them to where they wanted to go. When he reopened his eyes, he saw the beach where he met Althenio, but it was hazily and fused with the front room of Manlo’s house and kids, as though they were in two places at once. Manlo must have seen it too because he said, softly, “Concentrate; you’re almost there.” Jacko closed his eyes once more and when he opened them the third time, they were standing on the beach. He couldn’t believe it; it was all real. Indeed, he was a conjurer. 
“Very good, Jacko,” said Manlo and he began to walk along a path that seemed to know where they wanted to go. The road formed ahead of them just the way it did for Jacko before.
“How did you get here before?”
“My father brought me back in the early 1800s. I lived in his heavenly spot for a century before returning to Earth. I wanted to raise a family. Families don’t exist here. It is purely a place to rest. Creation does not happen here.”
“Does it ever get dark here?”
“Depends on whose corner of heaven you go to.”
“So, heaven reflects what the gods want it to be?”
“Yes.”
They followed the path in silence for a few moments.
“Can I ask you a question?”
“Why did your mother and I split up?”
“Yes,”
“I don’t know. I woke up one day and she was gone. I suppose she had been unhappy for a while.”
“So, she just left? Her kids and all?”
“Yes, except Sissy. She was the youngest and still needed nursing.”
They started to descend down a path and they saw, a few yards away, Althenio standing in front of his house. 
“Hello, friend,” said Manlo.
“Welcome, this way,” Althenio extended his arm.
Jacko smiled broadly at Althenio because he was remembering the delicious food he’d served last time. It made him so happy, and more than anything, he wanted to eat, again. What made him even happier was getting his wish. Upon walking in the door, Jacko’s eyes bugged out at the table with loads of heavenly food on it. 
“Please, sit.”
Jacko and Manlo sat as Althenio left the room for a moment. When he returned, he said “Please, help your selves.” Jacko started with the huge plate of the crispiest, juiciest, fried chicken he’d ever had, and then moved onto enormous slabs of pizza and watermelon sized burgers.
“Dear lord, Jacko,” Manlo exclaimed. “You might want to slow down, there.”
Jacko put down the ruler sized French fry and tried to remain calm.
Manlo was unfazed by the food, and merely helped himself to beef stew and wine. However, Jacko was starting to feel the floating sensation he’d felt before.
“So,” he began after a few bites, “You know why we are here?” asked Manlo.
“Yes, I’ve been peaking.” 
“Peaking?” 
“Yes, I have periodically checked in on Jacko here. I knew he attracted a demon and was on his way to your home. Naturally, I was concerned about the situation. Just a few minutes ago, I tried to check in again. When I saw your children gearing up, I guessed that it must’ve been the hunter that was after Jacko. ”
“How’d you know we’d come here?”
“Are we not friends?”
“The demon is now in our territory.”
“What?”
Jacko’s jaw froze up in the middle of an ice cream. He felt ashamed and looked down at his lap.
“How?” asked Althenio.
“It was my fault.” 
“Do not be ashamed, Jacko, we all make mistakes; even the gods.”
“What do we do now?” swallowed Jacko.
“The gods, no doubt, already have an idea of what’s going on. They will congregate in two Earth days’ time. I will go to them and explain, and then we wait.”
“Wait for what?” asked Jacko.
“We wait for them to convene with their dark counterparts. Once they do that, they should bring the demon back from Earth and make him stop coming after you.”
“But you said that once a demon gets a scent, it’s for life. Doesn’t that mean they won’t stop coming after me, no matter what?”
“Yes, generally, that is exactly what it means, as it is a matter of honor for them; but if the dark gods will it, the demon must obey.”
“Do you think we have a good chance of convincing them?” asked Manlo.
“I don’t see why not,” said Althenio thoughtfully.

The next few hours or, according to Manlo’s time keeping, the next two days were very interesting for Jacko. Heaven was a lot of fun! Never in his life, could he remember ever being totally encouraged to run wild with his imagination, and the best part was how yielding heaven was. If he wanted an army fort to play shoot ‘em up with, he got it; if he wanted to be a UFC prize fighter, he could suddenly do kung fu; if he wanted to try out motorcycles or leather jackets, all he had to do was picture what they looked like.
After playing awhile, Althenio returned from his convene with the gods. Briefly, he filled in Manlo on the details, and then insisted on walking Jacko to the fountain of youth.

“There’s really a fountain of youth?”
“Yes, but it is not what you humans have made it out to be, a source to give drinkers eternal life. Rather, it is a place of many things; of hopes and dreams; of innocence; and a place of re birth. The fountain is the continual renewal that keeps your planet alive. It gives life to everything that lives while preserving the heavens.”
“So the Fountain of Youth is a place. Why are you taking me?”
“I’m taking you because I’m curious to see something.”
“See what?”
“You’ll understand when we get there.”
They walked on for several hours. Jacko wondered why they didn’t just project themselves there.
“Because,” Althenio said, “something truly great is never fully appreciated without the obstacle to get to it.”
“You think walking is an obstacle?”
“Yes. Think of how relieved you’ll be when we get there.” Jacko didn’t know if he was joking, or what. “You will be delighted and appreciate the fountain if we walk there. Besides, is not heaven beautiful?”
They walked on through the winding path of trees. Jacko noticed they all had the strange convection-like auras that he’d noticed before. Some of the trees even had a sparkle and shine to them. Heaven seemed like mock make-up of the Earth. Kindly, Althenio reminded him that heaven was a state of mind, not a place. Jacko then felt he wasn’t sure that he like these telepathic people and was getting sick of having his mind read, at which point, Althenio fell silent for the rest of their walk. 
When Jacko realized he might of have heard that thought too, he felt sorry but didn’t say anything. Instead, he continued to follow Althenio up a few steps of stone onto a path, and down into a rocky area. The air seemed to become fuzzy, kind of like a marine layer, except silvery white. There were little droplets in the air that sparkled and gleamed. Jacko took an interest in the hand sized little fluffy clouds of mist from which light emanated from their centers. 
Jacko reached out his hand and tried to touch one of the little clouds; instead it enveloped his hand like air. He heard little echoes whisper in his mind, and he felt like something warm was breathing on his skin.

“What are these little puffs? I can hear them whispering to me.”
“The droplets are souls being sent to earthen babies, while the mists are the dead souls of those returning to the fountain for rebirth.”
“What happens if a soul does not want to be reborn?”
“They find a spot in heaven, of course.”
“Where do you think my mother is? Do you think she was reborn?”
“I, honestly, do not know, Jacko. I’m sorry.”

They walked on top of rocks that were laid out in a perfect path. After many stone steps, they walked into the middle of a large, misty lake. The silvery mist surrounded them, most copiously, and it was almost scary how thick it seemed to be. The Fountain’s lake was humungous and intimidating in its hazy beauty. Jacko looked around and saw what could have been hundreds of thousands of souls; some inter-lapped with other mists and droplets while other souls were completely separate.
“The ones that interlap are sometimes soul mates and, sometimes, family and friends comforting each other.”
“What do they see in this state? All this silvery mist?”
“They see what they want to see, for heaven is yielding, but this is a human’s true form. The body is what the protogenoi - the first, the primitive and most ancient gods of the universe - gave the Titans to challenge them, and the Titans gave it to the Olympians, and they gave it to the human souls. ” 
They walked in silence for a while, but then Althenio said, “Come this way.” 
He followed Althenio through to another path of rocks, and walked up a few stone steps that led them through two enormous rock carvings; there was one each side of them. The carving on their right side was female, and had a huge bust; the carving on their left was male, and had a huge phallus.
“What are these?” stopped Jacko. “They look familiar to me.”
“I can see that they should look familiar to you. These were the true oracles at Delphi, until the Romans ordered their demise. Pylo and Pyla are, in fact, gods more ancient than the elders. I have heard it said that when they were active, there was another form of life on earth.”
“What do you mean by ‘another form of life on earth?’”
“I mean there was a race of people that were not human.”
“What were they? What did they look like? Aliens?”
“I do not know; it’s just what I’ve heard. I have seen hieroglyphs that depict them as similar to humans, except taller, and stronger with supernatural abilities. Our legend says the gods ruled on earth at that time. But, the race despised their authority, and when they wouldn’t return to heaven, they rose up against them. However, they were only successful in turning them to stone and binding them for eternity, not killing them as they wished. After which, many humans, and even gods, used them for their own means; usually predictions. When emperor Theodosius ordered them to be obliterated, the elder gods brought them here. They have been here ever since without ever speaking as they continue to harden through the millenniums; it is what happens to gods who tire of, in a sense, living.”
“Oh, yes, I remember now. My mother used to tell me stories about the gods of Delphi.”
“Your mother used to tell you a lot of stories. Many were about your own heritage, but you would not listen.”
“Yes, well, many kids would find this ancient stuff totally boring. Besides, if I knew it was about our cultural heritage, maybe I would’ve been more interested,” said Jacko as he examined the oracles beautiful, shiny shale-like bodies. 
After a moment, they continued through the oracles and walked into an area of an enormous waterfall, which, Jacko presumed, was the “fountain.” 
The waterfall was the most amazing, majestic sight he had ever seen. Tons of silvery liquid poured, crashing, downward from an invisible source in the sky.
“The source of the fall is the returning souls, gods as well as other beings.”
“More beings?” Jacko said sounding more sarcastic then he meant.
“Yes! Why does that surprise you?” Althenio was starting to sound irritated. “Humans are not the only life forms out there, although it is, currently, the most popular.”
“Why is humanity popular? I think it sucks.”
“One thing that humanity has over all other worlds, and their creations, is freedom to choose. To be human is to think as well as feel which is preferable than being hardwired or predisposed, say like the demons. They predisposed to hunt and fight.”
“I don’t understand. What’s wrong with that?”
“Oh, Jacko,” he exhaled loudly.
“Sorry. I guess I’m just one big dummy.”
“You are not dumb, and that is what is frustrating. Not thinking things through is a symptom of laziness. Is it really hard to imagine why predisposition isn’t desirable?” he asked. Jacko supposed it wasn’t. “You act impulsively, just like the night you ran away from home. Just like the night you wandered into the red lands. If you do not think things through, Jacko, you will do your own self in, before long.”
“Whatever,” Jacko remained defiant. 
For some reason, this made Althenio laugh heartily.
“What’s so funny?”
“You just reminded me of what it’s like to have children; so stubborn, and hard to enlighten. Once upon a time, I had many children. You, also, made me remember myself when I was young, it is why I love the young; they remind me of things and feelings I haven’t had for milleniums. Over the years, we gods go numb, it is our fate. We grow wise, but lose heart.”
“How many children did you have?”
“Oh, too many to count, really.”
“What happened to them?”
“I’m not sure. I think most were reborn, which means they are someone else’s children, now.”
“Doesn’t that make you sad?”
“No. It is the natural order of things.”
 “What did you mean when you said this is a place of hopes and dreams?”
Althenio put out his arms, stopping Jacko in his path; he turned around and sat down on a jagged rock that was near the edge of the silvery lake. He motioned that Jacko should do the same. 
“Remember the story of Narcissus?”
“Yes,” thought Jacko, back to when his mother told him a bed time story.
“Let me refresh your memory. This was the water he gazed into, only, he didn’t necessarily fall in love with his reflection,” said Althenio. “The real story is a woman of the heavens fell in love with his mortal beauty. Now, it was so long ago that no one is certain of her godly status, but we do know that she brought him to heaven, as he wished to see it,” Althenio paused briefly. “During his stay, she tried to make him love her by doing what every person in Narcissus’ life had done for him, which was giving him everything he wanted, and more. 
When the goddess realized the error in her attempts to make him love her, she decided to teach him a lesson. She wanted him to know what it felt like to be heartbroken, like all those he had denied love, and brought him to look into the fountain’s lake. Her desire was, not so much to punish him, as history sometimes implies, but to help him be compassionate. She figured there had to be a soul somewhere in time, or heaven, that would hold Narcissus affection, for it was said that there is someone for everyone in the world. 
The plan of the goddess backfired, for there was not a soul in the fountain that would hold Narcissus affection. What did appear was his ideal mate, himself. This depressed Narcissus because he knew he would never know what it meant to love another.”
“I thought you said this was a place of hopes and dreams?”
“It is. He discovered what he, unknowingly, hoped for; someone exactly like himself. The problem is that sometimes our truths are not as we expect. The truth was, Narcissus didn’t care for anyone, nor could he ever. It was easier for him to pretend to always be dissatisfied.”
“What really happened to Narcissus after his discovery?”
“Narcissus was a pathetic excuse of a man. Having never known denial of pleasure, he was unable to deal with the idea of an eternity without loving someone. Narcissus, then, turned to his goddess for comfort, however, she was bitter herself. Plus, she knew that he was only using her for his own comfort. 
The goddess confronted Narcissus’ by pointing out that he had hurt her, and so many others before her. In consideration of his ill regard toward her, and other poor souls, she would not comfort him. 
Narcissus considered the pain he had caused so many, and felt regret. The idea that he was responsible for many others feeling what he felt at the time, made him decide he didn’t have a right to live.”
“So he recycled his soul?”
“No. He obliterated himself by walking a million miles into the sun. Narcissus is no more, at least, as far as we gods know.”
“Who was the Goddess?”
“We don’t openly name the gods and goddesses here out of fear and respect. I can tell you that it was said her guilt of being responsible for Narcissus’ demise sent her into the sun as well, but then it is said she resurfaced a few millennium later. Perhaps she was too old to die a natural death. Now no one is really sure what happened to her.”
“I would like to look into the fountain.”
“I knew you would. I, myself, am curious too, but I thought that I should warn you first. Through the story of Narcissus, do you understand that you might go away unhappy?” 
“Yes, I understand.”
“Mostly, people come away satisfied, but there is always the chance that what you see could send you down the path of Narcissus. Are you sure you wish to take that chance?”
“Yes, I’m sure. I may be flawed, but I’m not cracked like that guy.” 
“Then, look.”
Althenio extended his arm lake-ward. Jacko bent over and looked into the liquid, water-like substance. At first, he saw little silver tadpole looking creatures floating about with tales. Althenio explained they were the souls who chose to be reborn, waiting for their chance to return to Earth. Jacko was amazed at how small and fast they were. In the center of the tadpole looking creatures were bright white spinning lights; Althenio explained that it was their life force.
As Jacko leaned forward, he almost touched the liquid, but Althenio pulled him back. He warned him that there could be consequences to touching the liquid, like getting sucked in and being prematurely reborn himself. Jacko didn’t want that, so he sat back further and stretched his neck out and looked down.
After a few moments, the souls became less visible as a large spot on the water turned white. There were various images of Jacko as well as other people in his life that he had attachments to at one point or another. The montage of his life showed too many fast-paced images at once, making it confusing to watch. Eventually, the montage slowed down and the images became recognizable. He saw an image of himself, his parents and sister together on holiday, and he saw one of Jacko the day his mother and sister left home. The montage continued with images of him at school or playing with mates, and then Jacko running away from home.
For quite a few minutes, it was just like that, watching television. But finally, the images showed someone unrecognizable to Jacko: a tall man with dark hair and dark eyes. The man was thin and his eyes, expressive. Next to the man stood a woman and several children who looked up at him and smiled, then frowned, and left the image. As they left the image, the man’s eyes grew shadows, and his forehead etched in lines. 
The man looked worried to Jacko. But, as soon as the circles darkened the eyes, was as soon as the circles began to fade. His eyes became bright once more as lines etched themselves deeper into his forehead and his hair turned white. The women and children returned, but stood at a distance, and the man smiled, and then the images stopped.
“That was weird,” said Jacko.
“What do you mean?”
“Well, who was that old guy? It didn’t show me my hopes and dreams.”
“Well, to be honest, I am a little disappointed, too.”
“But what did that mean?” 
“It showed you what you desire and, even though you don’t know yourself, it knows you because you have been here before. I think what the image showed, is you want a normal life and family. The fountain indicated struggles you will endure, but in the end, you will die old and happy.”
“Oh,” said Jacko a little disappointed.
“Yes, it’s not at all exciting to a boy of your age. Come on,” he stood up. 
Jacko followed Althenio back over the path, through the oracles, and down the steps. As they walked back into the middle of the misty lake, he turned back and saw the fountain disappear. 
A few hours later, they arrived back at Althenio’s house. Manlo was not there, but they figured he must have gone for a walk. Jacko was starting to feel tired, so Althenio went to his room to pray, and Jacko went to lay down for a nap. 
While Jacko lay in bed, it occurred to Jacko that Althenio wanted to see something in the fountain; he said he was curious. Oh, well. He would ask, when he woke, what he was hoping to see. 

A few hours later, he rose and went downstairs. There was no sign of Althenio or Manlo. He sat on the chair and watched the fire burn. The color of the flames mesmerized him once more. Like everything else, in heaven, he could see the particles of flame, like little fluorescent orange colored puzzle pieces. They danced, flickered, and lapped upward at where there would, normally, have been a chimney flu. 
Jacko was starting to feel a little dreary, as he sat there. His eyes started to droop; his head to lull. He jolted upward, not wanting to sleep anymore. Looking around, he felt scared; his heart pounded and his gut felt jittery. Something was wrong, but he didn’t know what. 
Vocally, he shouted Manlo’s and Althenio’s name. When they didn’t answer, he tried to call them, telekinetically. Nothing happened. He put his hands together, the way he’d seen Althenio do it before, and prayed to heaven for their return, but he just didn’t feel like he was making a connection. He, then, tried to conjure Manlo and Althenio by focusing his will, but nothing happened. 
Unsure of what to do next, Jacko sat back in the chair and tried to relax. Maybe they were communing? 
Boy! It was chilly. Jacko rubbed his arms and moved closer to the fire. 
He got bored as he waited and waited. 
Jacko discovered that he could use his mind to make the flames dance and form the shapes of animals. Fascinated, he made them leap up and then disappear into the flames. Thinking of the pond he’d visited, he sent the fire upward in the shape of cats, cows, and even changed them to green goldfish.
After a while, he became more worried. He thought about Dog and wished he was with him. Jacko felt bad about taking him away from his family; he promised himself that he’d send him home as soon as he could. 
A chill ran down Jacko’s spine. That was weird, he thought. He never felt cold in heaven. Something was definitely off. Why would Manlo and Althenio leave him alone for so long? 
“WOOF!” 
Jacko turned around and Dog was there! He was ecstatic to see him, but only for a moment. What he saw through the crack of the curtained window distracted him: it was dark outside. He walked up and pulled the curtain back, further. They sky was midnight blue. This scared Jacko, but depending on what corner of heaven they were in, it could get dark there.
Of course, Dog didn’t waste any time jumping on him, knocking him violently to the ground and licking his face clean. Temporarily, Jacko forgot about the darkness. God, or no, Jacko was just plain Jacko to Dog. He, on the other hand, was completely different in heaven. Once again, he was the size of a small horse with the girth of a bull, which was exactly as he remembered him that day near the pond.
“Dog! Is that really you?”
“Yep, it’s me!”
“Wow! You can talk again!”
“Yeah! Woof! I can talk to you here!”
“How’d you get so big? Did you make yourself this way?” 
“I don’t know, but I feel big, maybe that’s why I am big!”
“Did I bring you here? If so, I didn’t mean to. I need to send you back; it’s dangerous here.”
“I don’t want to go back! I don’t want to go back!” he repeated. “I like it here!”
Dog was just as hyper in heaven as he was on Earth. 
Jacko tried to rise but Dog’s weight was too much. His long tongue slapped him about the face with each breath Dog took.
“Can you get off me? I can’t breathe.”
“Sorry.”
“How is everyone at home?” Jacko wiped his face on the curtain.
“They’re fine! Woof! Haha! Doubt they’ll notice I’m gone” and he ran around in a circle and jumped up and down. Jacko was scared, at first, thinking that Dog would ruin Althenio’s house, but the house expanded for Dog and then contracted, as he landed back down on the ground. Still, watching him jump, and the way house moved, made Jacko dizzy, and he ordered to him stop.
“Listen, Dog.”
“Yes?”
“I want to thank you for saving me from that demon the other day.”
“Of course! I wasn’t gonna let them take you! Haha!”
“What’s so funny?”
“I’m just so haaaappy!” and Dog made a large, face-distorting smile that made Jacko laugh, despite his worry.
“AH HA HAAAAAAA!!!!!” Dog laughed loud and excitedly, and he jumped on Jacko again, he fell off the chair, and they rolled around the floor play fighting. They played for hours in front of the fire, then, they sat back and relaxed as Jacko scratched him behind the ears. 
Another few hours went by with Jacko’s head rested on Dog’s back, who gnawed on a foot long femur shaped bone of rawhide that Jacko conjured for him. 
“I wonder where Althenio and Manlo are. They’ve been gone quite some time,” Jacko was starting to feel really concerned. He looked back out of the window. “Why is it dark, all of the sudden?” Jacko shivered. “And I’m cold but I don’t want to leave, in case they come back.”
Dog looked up at Jacko from his bone 
“I’m gonna go upstairs and take a look.”
“Woof!”
Jacko stood up, stretched, yawned, and then went upstairs. 

All was quiet as he walked up to the next floor. At the top, Jacko gasped. Before him was a long hallway that was not there before. There were hundreds and hundreds of doors that went on for who knew how long of a distance. 
Jacko was immediately frightened and could not decide if he should turn around and go back downstairs, or try to knock on a door and find Althenio. Thinking back to what Manlo told Jacko the other night about how the Gods feel about impure breeds, and so on, Jacko decided it would be better to wait. For all he knew, Althenio’s house was a ruse to appease his human conscious. So he turned around, and walked back downstairs. Jacko knew meeting another supreme being might not be a wise risk to take. 














Back in the Red Lands

Chapter 7

  	Jacko fell asleep on the rug in front of the fire. He only woke because he heard a rustling coming from outside. He sat up slowly and whispered, “Hey Dog, how long have I been asleep?”
	“Hours and hours,” Dog sounded scared.
	“What’s wrong, Dog?” 
	“I’ve been trying to wake you for a while,” Dog barked lowly. “I wondered if you would ever wake up. I just have this awful feeling inside me, hooo” poor Dog cried.
	“I have a strange feeling, too. Althenio and Manlo have been gone too long. I keep thinking I should do something, but Althenio says I act hastily. I don’t want to disappoint him, but it’s dark and cold, which is not like his part of heaven.”
	He looked up at the window again. “Let’s go upstairs,” he said. 
	They slowly, quietly walked up the dark stairwell. Upon reaching the top, they saw the endless hall of doors was no longer there. Instead, there was a short landing and three doors. 
	Dog continued to hooo and make gruff noises. “Be quiet,” Jacko said. “If you’re scared, then go back downstairs.”
	“I’d rather die than be left alone, right now.”
	“Can you sense if anyone is in these rooms?”
	Dog walked up to each door and sniffed at the space toward the floor.
	“No one’s here.” 
	Just in case Dog couldn’t smell them because of their rock-like skin, Jacko knocked on each door before opening them. Inside, they found dreary, plain rooms. 
	“Woof! Woof!” barked Dog.
	“What’s wrong, Dog?”
	“Someone’s out there.”
	“How do you know?”
	“’Cause I’m a dog, arf.”

	Jacko walked to the window in the room to his right; Dog followed, closely, behind. He was right, there was someone out there, but he couldn’t see too clearly through the midnight blue sky. 
	Suddenly, it occurred to Jacko that the landscape had changed. In Althenio’s world, there weren’t any trees, yet a few hundred yards away stood some tall leafless ones. 
	Jacko walked to the room on the opposite side of the land; Dog followed. There were trees there too. It looked like they encircled the house. Dog peered out of the window and woofed, again. 
	Looking out across the dark, starless sky Jacko saw a crisp blue horizon. Immediately, goose pimples rose up in his hairline, and covered his arms. Jacko was really afraid. He turned around and ran downstairs.
	“Come on, Dog.”  
	Jacko tried to sound calm for Dog’s sake, but, in the gods part of heaven, the horizon was always red, no matter what. 
	Downstairs, Jacko peered through the window, looking at the trees in the distance.
	
	How did they do it? Was Althenio a traitor?
	“Do you see, or smell, anything out there, Dog?”
	“No, not from this far, but I hear something,” he whined.
	“Where?”
	“Beyond those trees,” Dog pointed at a spot amidst the first row of black trees, a few hundred feet away. 
	Jacko squinted intensely, wishing that he could see what was beyond the trees. 
	Suddenly, Jacko was there, floating in the blackened limbs. “Oh no! I astral projected!” He shouted in surprise. Damn, he thought. If there were demons, then he didn’t want to be, anywhere, near them.	
	He stopped suddenly because he heard a fuzzy noise. A weird, grading, electronic sound came from some shrubs to his left. Jacko knew the sound was demons speaking to each other. 
	Quickly, he turned and ran toward trees in the opposite direction, but he tripped over a vine that snapped. All went quiet, and then he several of them emerge and head in his direction. 
	He got up, ran up to a large tree, and wished himself back into the house.
	
	Jacko opened his eyes. He was lying on the floor boards, and Dog was severely licking his face. “Dog, I’m fine. Stop!”
	“What happened, Jacko?”
	“I accidentally astral projected. If I ever do that again, talk to me, don’t lick my face, ugh.” Jacko’s face was covered in thick, glandular, dog slime. He sat up and wiped his face on the hem of the curtain.
	Jacko stood up and peered through window. Demons were walking toward the house. 
	“WOOF WOOF WOOF-WOOF.”
	“Shut it, dog!”
	“Oh my god! What do we do?”
	“I’m gonna get us out of here.”
	
	Jacko walked back to the hearth rug in front of the fireplace and tried to calm himself. He realized that the room no longer looked the same as Althenio’s house; the fire was out and the walls were ashy. The walls were no longer logs of wood, but gray brick. He looked at the chair and saw that it was gray and dusty.
	
	“Somehow, I think they put a spell on us, and then transported us,” said Jacko.
	“What? Woof.”
	“Nevermind,” said Jacko and he rested his hands on Dog’s paws. 
	Dog howled, “Aaaa oooo… They’re coming! They’re coming!” and he walked fast in circles on the carpet, his tail tucked between his legs.
	Jacko had left the curtains wide open and could see the outline of their black flesh and their eyes like rubies shine. Jacko’s skin puckered from head to toe.
	“They know we’re trying to leave, aaaaooo,” cried Dog.
	“Shush!” said Jacko. “You’re breaking my concentration! Come here, sit!”
	Dog tried to remain calm as he sat on the rug in front of Jacko. 
	Jacko focused on him and Dog back at home in New Hampshire. At first, it didn’t work because Dog kept shaking violently and crooning, “Quit it! You’re distracting me and I haven’t quite mastered this talent.”
	“Mmmmm… Hurry,” he whined.
	
	He closed his eyes tight, and focused. They resonated between the red sky world and the front room of Manlo’s home. Just as one of the demons busted through the front door, Jacko and Dog opened their eyes to Manlo’s empty house in Concord. He breathed relief as Dog barked and jumped on his lap to lick at his face. He hugged Dog and they lay on the floor for a moment. 
	
	“Why is it so quiet, Dog?”
	“WOOF.”
	“Oh, right. You can’t talk here.”
	
	Jacko and Dog ran through the house, calling out names. No one answered. Strangely, it looked like no one had been there in days. There were no dishes drying on the rack, no lingering scent of food - as with that many people in a house, someone was always cooking or eating. Jacko wandered upstairs and found that all was still, then, back down in the garden, he noticed the plants looked a little dry. 
	Dog barked loud and tucked at Jacko’s shirt. He ran down the stairs and into the backyard. Jacko followed him to the kennel.
	All the dogs went wild, barking and screeching, yelping and jumping over each other. “What’s wrong, Dog?” 
	Dog beckoned to the gate. Jacko opened it and followed him to the water and food troughs – they were empty and dried. 
	Quickly, Jacko grabbed the water hose from the garden and filled the water trough. He ran to the dog pantry, back to the kennel, and filled the other trough with food. Dog turned and ran up to Jacko, stood up on his hind legs, and pounced him with his front paws. 
	“It’s okay, boy. You can stay and eat with them. I’ve gotta find someone to watch them.”
	“Woof!”
	“Don’t worry, I won’t forget you!” He turned to head back to the house when he turned around and said, “Can you ask them how long they’ve been without food and water?” 
	Dog nodded, turned, and barked; the dogs barked back. Dog trotted to the fence and, using his paw, he drew three circles in the dirt.
	“What? I don’t get it,” he walked over to the fence and knelt.
	Then Dog howled and howled.
	“Oh no,” said Jacko with comprehension. “Three moons? Three days?”
	“ARF! WOOF!”
	“Awful. Poor dogs,” he stood up and exited the pen, Dog followed.
	“Stay and eat, if you want. I’m gonna find someone to take care of the dogs. Don’t worry, I promise I won’t leave without you.”
	“Woof!” Dog turned around and ran back to the freshly filled water trough.
	“Dog!”
	Dog turned around and Jacko said, “Try to find out why they left, okay?”
	“Woof!” 

	Jacko felt extremely guilty. There had been three moons since they had seen his siblings. Once more, Jacko was afraid because he knew there was a possibility the demons had got them, too. 
	Back inside the house, Jacko went to the kitchen and began making sandwiches for their trip back to heaven. He was going to find out what happened to everyone, and he didn’t care what heavenly laws he broke. If they don’t help him, he’d use his conjuring skill to bring them back. 
	After a few dozen sandwiches, a few bottles of water, and a few cans of dog food, Jacko had his bike packed and loaded up. Although he knew he could conjure certain things without getting into trouble with the elders, he still packed his tarp, sleeping bag, and water resistant matches, just in case. 
	Jacko went to the fridge and looked at all the emergency numbers taped to the door. Four phone calls later, Jacko found someone to make sure the dogs were fed. He walked out to the pen and called Dog who leapt over the fence and ran to Jacko, “Don’t jump over the fence, Dog; don’t give the other dogs ideas!” Dog barked his assent.
	
	He taped a note to the door, for the friend coming to feed the dogs. They walked, with the bike, into the garage, so they could leave without being seen. Dog sat in the side car, and Jacko on the seat. 
	After a few moments of trying to send them back to Althenio’s house, Dog barked. “Quit it,” Jacko said. “I know it’s taking a while, but I’m trying to use my power without closing my eyes.” With eyes opened, he tried and tried to project them, but nothing happened. His mind simply wouldn’t focus because he was distracted with worry about his siblings and leaving the dogs. What if they died at the hands of the demons? What if no one came to feed the dogs, and they died?
	“Ah! Crap,” Jacko rested his head on the handle bars. Jacko inwardly beat himself up. What if a moment came when they needed to escape? This was inexcusable, he needed to discipline himself!

An hour had passed. Dog was snoring in the sidecar, and Jacko stood, staring at the wall. Finally, he had a cursing fit! “Damn, damn, damn, damn, damn it!” He banged his fist on the handle bars and the garage walls turned blue. “I almost did it,” he said. He focused hard on the blue walls, and they waivered, for moments between both worlds, and finally settled right in front of Althenio’s house. 
Dog sat up. “Nice job,” he said. 
“Thanks.” 
He got off the bike, and Dog, out of the side car. Jacko opened the front door and entered the house. Upon seeing that it was empty, his spirits sunk low. He settled in the big chair and rested his chin in his hands.
“Well, Dog.”
“Yeah.”
“What do we do now?”
“I don’t know.”
“Do you sense anything?”
“Not a thing.”
“Has anyone been here?”
“I can’t sense your brothers and sisters, if that’s what you mean.”
“Did you ask the dogs why my brothers and sisters weren’t home?”
“Yes, but they didn’t have any answers.”
“This is all very strange. I don’t know what to do now. Where do I go from here? How do I reach another god?”
“You pray.”
“Yeah. You’re right. But who do I pray to?”
“Woof.”

Jacko sat in the chair in front of the eternal fire and closed his eyes. He tried to talk to someone, anyone, out there in the world of gods. Heaven! He called. Heaven! He asked! Nothing came to him. 
What if he tried to telepathically call Sissy? For half an hour, he tried and when he couldn’t project into her thoughts, he tried to reach Anle. Nothing happened, except that he was left feeling tired and anxious. 
“Don’t give up, Jacko,” said Dog with confidence. “Remember, you’ve never used your power to defy someone else, or their will. They’ve been abducted and guarded, magically, that is gonna take strength to overcome.”
“How do you know that, Dog?” asked Jacko who was, once more, surprised by Dog’s intelligence. 
“I don’t know,” he wrinkled his brow.
“You are the smartest dog ever.”
“No. You’ve just never talked with a dog before. We’re all fairly intelligent creatures; we’re just different. Although, there are some real stupid dogs too, don’t get me wrong.”
“Ha,” he began to laugh but then Jacko shot up in his chair, “what was that?” he said breathlessly with fright.
“AAAA OOOOOOO!!!” Dog jumped. 
All of a sudden, Bouncy, Grill, and Machine appeared in the room. Jacko jumped out of his chair in shock. At first, he didn’t believe that he was seeing them.
“Jacko?” asked Bouncy.
“Yeah! What the heck are you guys doing here?”
“We’re looking for you and dad, stupid,” said Grill
“Why aren’t you home?” asked Jacko.
“A round of demons came by the house the second evening after you and Dad left,” said Machine.
“Why didn’t you take the potion and come find us?” 
“Because, genius, we weren’t going to let them kidnap our family without knowing where they’d take them! We stayed and fought them off until they had us all rounded up. Too bad there wasn’t enough  potion in the vial, or else we’d have rescued everyone,” said Machine.
“Did they hurt you guys?”
“No, they didn’t hurt us; everyone is fine. They just crammed us, boys, into a dingy cell, the girls into another,” replied Machine.
“Sissy?”
“They took her separate, but we’re pretty sure she’s okay.”
“Pretty sure!?!” Jacko ran his hands through his hair, “Was Manlo or Althenio there by any chance?”
Grill responded, “No, we,” and then he paused as they all glared at Jacko. “Did you just ask me if we saw Manlo and Althenio?”
“Yeah,” said Jacko. “Last I saw Manlo was before Althenio and I went to the Fountain of Youth. We came back, I took a nap, and that was the last I saw of either of them.”
“We didn’t see them,” said Grill. “They blindfolded us so we couldn’t see anything.”
“OH MY GOD!” said Machine who punched Grill hard in the shoulder.
“Ah, what, jerk?”
“Remember, as we were being taken to our cells, two demons walked by with sacks on their shoulders?”
“So?”
“So, remember there were feet hanging out of the bags?”
“Oh yeah, there were feet hanging out!” said Grill. “They put those sacks in the room next to us. We heard them talking from time to time too!”
“How much you wanna bet that one of those sacks had our dad in it?” asked Bouncy
“Did you see where they put the girls?” asked Jacko.
“No, they locked us in our cells first, but I’d bet they were stashed closed to us.”
“This sucks, dude! We were supposed to take that potion and find our dad so we could rescue our sisters, but now we are so screwed!” whined Bouncy.
“Do you remember where you were? Or what the place looked like from the outside?” asked Jacko. 
“No, but it was probably a castle, judging by the stone walls. We studied demons with dad, and they often like to live like it’s the Middle Ages. Unfortunately, we don’t have much to go on because, when we used the potion, it was from inside the cell – the potion projected us here, right here,” said Machine.
“Great! We are gonna just sit here while our family is killed off,” Bouncy blurted emotionally.
“Will you shut up Bouncy! We are not going to just sit here,” Jacko said with determination.
“What should we do?” asked Machine.
“I can try and use my conjuring power to project us there. Well, maybe I can. But if you haven’t seen the place, and you can’t even draw me a picture, then we have no choice but to go to their side of heaven and find them on foot, maybe even take a demon hostage.” 
“That is a ridiculous idea! How are we to contain one of those ugly beings? They are, on average, 50 times stronger than the strongest men!” blurted Bouncy.
“Why don’t you just try communicating with them telepathically?” asked Grill.
“I tried that and it didn’t work. I’ve been sitting here for hours, focusing. I think the demons magically blocked them from me.”
“I can find them,” said Dog.
“Did your dog just say something?” asked Machine with a freaked look on his face.
“Oh, yeah, Dog can talk up here, and he’s pretty smart too. Remember? I told you this the other night.”
“Oh yeah,” said Machine.
“I can find them, Jacko!” said Dog excitedly!
“What do you mean? How can you find them?”
“I think I could sense them in the red lands. When we were there, in the house, I remember I felt soooo cold. But, somewhere in the midst of the cold, I could feel warmth,” Dog breathed heavily.
Jack said nothing as he contemplated Dog’s words. Then, he said, “Dog’s got a good point. We could follow him to the source of goodness, in the red lands. When we get there, we can beg who, whatever, is there for help.”
They thought about it a moment but looked doubtful. Jacko knew they wanted to head straight to the castle and rescue their family.
“We may need help. I’ve tried calling and asking heaven, but nothing comes. Maybe this is how we find someone to listen to us. I know you think we should just storm the castle, but it’s possible we may not be able to fight them off. Remember, I’m knew to this, and I’m not as strong as you lot,” said Jacko. 
Dog sat breathing hard.
“I don’t get it,” said Machine.
“Dog’s senses are stronger up here. I mean a lot stronger. All we have to do is give him a chance,” Jacko reiterated.
“Yeah, but why can’t he just sniff them out, if his senses are stronger. Look, I have Manlo’s wallet, here,” Bouncy pulled out a faded, thick, brown leather wallet.
“Manlo doesn’t have a scent. I cannot track him!”
“His skin is like porcelain,” said Jacko.
“His skin is hardening, like the gods,” Machine concurred. 
They sat in silence, a moment.
Wanting to get going, Jacko shot up and shouted, “Great! Let’s go.” 
“Are you sure you can take us all there at once?” asked Machine. “If you do that, you’ll be exhausted. You may not be able to help us fight, if we need to.”
“I can do it! I just need you to be patient; it might take a little while.”
“Well, then. Let’s do it. What do you need?” asked Bouncy.
“I need a mental picture of where they kept you. At least, I can try to get us as close to there as possible.”
“Well, it was a gray castle with a..,” said Bouncy.
“No, stupid!” retorted Machine, “draw him a picture. Deeerrr!”
Machine made a pad of paper and pencils appear. Together, they drew him a picture of the inside of the cell, in which they were held. “I need quiet to concentrate.”
They sat in a circle in front of the fire; Dog laid his horse sized head in Jacko’s lap. He focused for almost an hour, but he just couldn’t see the place in his mind. For a moment, he thought he felt himself waiver, but then his body grounded itself back onto the floor. Then, once again, Jacko lost his temper as he did on Earth. He stood, paced and cursed when, right in the middle of insane rage, the walls of the house turned red.
Jacko stopped mid rant and looked around him. They stood on a prairie of blackened moss that stretched for miles. 
He hadn’t brought them to the cell in the castle, as was planned. 
“Damn it!” cried Grill. 
“I’m sorry guys.”
“I knew we should’ve drawn him a better picture,” said Machine.
“Look, guys, at least we made it; I didn’t think I’d be able to bring us at all. Besides what if I put us in someone else’s cell? At least, now, we can follow dog instead of planning an escape.”
They nodded in assent. 
“Right, well,” thought Grill, “I think we need to figure out a way to get to the castle. Dog’s plan is great, but are you sure we can afford to waste time? Perhaps we need to sit in a circle again, so you can concentrate. We could be anywhere right now; trying to walk somewhere is to risk running into one of those burnt black creatures, which would be suicide. What if we accidentally meet one, a demon? What will we do then?” ranted Bouncy.
“Guys,” said Dog, which made everyone jump a mile. “I can feel a great deal of good and warmth coming from that direction.” 
Dog motioned to an enormous peak in the distance.
“You feel good? That’s great, but we’re not feeling so good, we’re in hell-heaven,” said Grill sarcastically.
“Shut up! Don’t talk to my dog that way!” 
“No, ARF! I feel the essence of people or gods, from our side, coming from that direction!”
	“You sense goodness?” Jacko began to understand.
“Ah haaa,” Dog said throatily.
“Huh? I don’t get it,” said Bouncy.
“He feels a source of good here in heaven-hell. Like he said, his senses are way stronger up here,” said Grill.
“Okay, so we follow Dog. There can’t be much good in this place, so it must be them, or someone who can tell us what to do. I know it feels like wasting time, but what are gonna do? Sit here for hours and hope I get us to the right place?” and Jacko and Dog started walking. 
Bouncy, Grill, and Machine followed without another word.





























Bat Babies

Chapter 8

Several uneventful hours went by. The sky in the hunter heaven stayed an unchanged color of red. The temperature was 20 to 30 degrees less than the other side, and the boys continued to shiver on their trek. The general blackness of the plant life, and redness of the sky, emanated the negative energy of the heaven-hell. At first, the boys tried to defy the impact of the red lands, upon their spirit, by singing happy songs and telling jokes, but it wasn’t long before they tired of that. Slowly and increasingly, they became mean spirited. 
	Several times they asked Dog if he was sure of where they were going. Dog told them the closer he got to the goodness, the warmer and happier he felt; that if they could feel as he did, then the effect of heaven-hell wouldn’t make them feel bad. Eventually, they all fell silent and decided to trust Dog’s instincts. They didn’t mean to sound distrustful of him, but they just wanted to get out of the world that worked against their own distinctive nature.	
	After several more hours passed, the boys started to get really hungry. They tried to press on but when Jacko could hear the sounds of rumbling stomachs coming from all around him, he decided they should stop and try to conjure the sandwiches he had made back in New Hampshire.
	“Why not just make food, this is heaven after all,” whined Bouncy.
	“Because,” said Jacko, “we need to keep our heads. Besides, who knows what heaven made food will do to us here. Over there, it made me really happy and really high, but, over here, it could make us really sad or something.” They looked rather unconvinced, but Jacko said, “Just be patient and give me a chance, okay?”
	Jacko concentrated on the sandwiches for quite some time. When nothing happened, Jacko gave up and the boys decided they would conjure food themselves. He knew this was a bad idea, but they wouldn’t listen, so he sat back and watched. 
	The boys tried to command the particles to form, but they were resistant to good, on that side of heaven, as Grill reminded them. They tried harder and were somewhat successful in conjuring, what Jacko hoped, would be chicken. Unfortunately, what they got was a plate of shriveled blackened claws.
	They begged him to try and conjure food again. This gave Jacko confidence against the downer mood he was in, due to heaven-hell’s effect on a human soul. Jacko focused on the sandwiches again, but when nothing happened, he asked himself why. Logically, he figured it was because the food wasn’t his strongest desire, at the moment. What he wanted was his bike so he didn’t have to walk anymore, and so that he could sleep in his bag. So he tried focusing on the bike and all its contents and, within minutes, it appeared. 

	“Oh my god!” shouted Machine, “you did it! Well, sort of. We wanted the sandwiches.”
	“The sandwiches are in the bike dumb ass,” said Grill.
	“It was my strongest desire,” explained Jacko. “I have to make what I want into my strongest desire, but how do I do that? How do I change what I feel?”
	“Practice,” Bouncy said. “Dad always told us that, in the beginning, it is whims and fits that drive our abilities. But, be assured that you can control them, if you can learn to focus.”
	“Wow, Bouncy. Thanks.” Jacko was amazed that there was even an ounce of logic inside excitable, high strung Bouncy – even if it was his fathers.
	
	“These sandwiches are huge!” exclaimed Machine.
	“Yeah, food changes when it’s brought over here.” Jacko made sure that Dog had plenty of dog food and water before he joined his brothers.
	“I am just glad it doesn’t look like the claw of a devil chicken, yuck!” said Grill with his mouth full of peanut butter and jelly.
	Jacko unwrapped a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for himself; he took a bite and a feeling of happiness washed over him. He noticed the food must have affected the others too, for they were smiling and making jokes again. 
	He exhaled and relaxed his shoulders. “We need a fire,” he said. 
	“Let me try,” Grill put down his sandwich and looked at a spot in the middle of their camp. Easily, the flames appeared and warmed them. 
	They rested for several hours, and then packed up. 
	Looking longingly at Jacko’s bike, Machine said, “Wouldn’t it be cool if we could squeeze into this?”
	“I think we could do it,” replied Jacko thinking back to how the house expanded for Dog. “Two of you can squeeze in the sidecar with Dog, and one of you could sit behind me.”
	“Let’s try,” Machine smiled. 
	“Sidecar,” called Bouncy. “Sidecar,” called Grill. 
	“What? I want to sit in the sidecar,”
	“Come on guys!” Jacko yelled.
	
	Bouncy and Grill concentrated on the sidecar. After a few moments, they watched as the seat expanded to fit all three of them.

	They rode on and on for hours. Finally, Jacko had to pull over because he could no longer stay awake. 
	“Dog, how much further?”
	“Well, it still feels pretty far away. My guess is right over that hill over there.”
	“Well,” exclaimed Bouncy blandly, “that’s gotta be at least ten miles away.”
	“Yeah, I’m exhausted,” Machine said breathlessly.
	“Well, I think we should setup a camp right behind those trees,” pointed Jacko.
	“No, we have to keep going,” insisted Grill.
	“No, I can’t go any further. We rest,” Jacko said authoritatively. “If even Machine’s tired, how’re we gonna take on, or outwit, those vicious demons? We have to remember that time does not exist here, that is why the sky never changes. We are still human, and we must have our rest!” Jacko waited for a response.
	When none came, he continued with, “We sleep for a few hours, sleep, and then we continue.”
	With that, they rode on behind the trees and set up camp. Focusing on Jacko’s bag and tarp, the boys were able to create sleeping materials on their own.

	“So your dad said you all have your own abilities?” asked Jacko.
	“Yes, but our abilities aren’t as ambiguous as being conjurer is,” Machine replied, “but rather our talents are more specific. For example, I’m what’s called a molecular mason: it means I can change objects into other objects. I could change your shoe into a football, if I wanted to, but I could never make something out of nothing, like you can.”
	“What do you do, Grill?”
	“In technical terms, Dad says I’m a velocity psycho-telekinetic; that I can speed up and slow down molecules, freezing them or exploding them. It’s easier to practice on objects, but I can do it with just plain air, too. That’s why I wanted to start the fire because that’s what fire is - speeding molecules. I wanted to see if they would react in the same way, here in heaven, if I used my kinesis.”
	“Well, I’m cold. How about you try it again?” asked Bouncy.
	Grill looked at a spot in the middle of where they all sat. Instantly, flames leapt five feet into the air. 
	“Okay, calm it down, now,” said Machine.
	Grill concentrated the flames down, slowly, into a small but warm fire.
	“Sorry; was a little over enthusiastic, that time,” he grinned.
	“But in addition to those strengths we have physical abilities, too. Well, not all of us. Like Machine is not just called machine because he is a better athlete, but he has super human strength. Grill, not so much physical but his power is coveted just the same. You should see him on the Fourth of July. Me, I don’t have control over molecules, in any way, except my own,” and to demonstrate, he reached his arm up and over the fire and tapped Jacko on the head.
	“Whoa! That’s freaky. You just stretched your arm over three feet. Is that as far as you can go?”
	“Haha,” Bouncy laughed at Jacko’s surprise. “No, I can stretch pretty far; although how far, I am not sure. I haven’t had a chance to test it. But they don’t just call me Bouncy because I’m hyperactive, I literally can bounce – jump, if I want to – ten feet, or higher, into the sky. I, also, seem to be impervious to injury. One time, I leapt off the roof of our house, and landed backside on the ground. My butt was a little sore, but no injuries. I went off and played basketball like nothing happened.”
	

	In a circle, they stared into the fire; Dog lay curled up next to Jacko. One by one, they drifted off to sleep, until there was a noise in a bush. Jacko and Dog heard it first, but Jacko signaled Dog to stay quiet. He, then, turned around, crawled over to Machine, and quietly nudged him. Machine nudged, Grill, who nudged Bouncy.
	He and Dog walked slowly around the fire to the side from where Jacko heard the noise. They stood there and listened really quietly, and then Bouncy started screaming high pitched, like a girl. 
	Jacko and Dog jumped; Grill and Machine screamed, too. They all looked at Bouncy and saw a little black winged demon with the chubby blackened body of a baby, and a head like a vampire bat, only bigger and hairless. The ugly creature sunk its fangs into Bouncy’s shoulder and was trying to fly off with him, but couldn’t because he was too heavy.  
	The boys were all so shocked that they forgot to react until Bouncy screamed, “Are you gonna just stand there and watch this imp eat through my shoulder? Or, are you gonna help me?” 
	Dog didn’t waste time, and he leapt over the fire and abounded the little evil bat-baby between its teeth. The demon squealed painfully. Dog released it and it flew off, wailing, into the bushes, from whence more came like a swarm of bees. “Let’s go!” shouted Jacko as he ran at Bouncy and helped him up. 
	Quickly, they all made to pack up their things, but it was too late. Several hundred of the bat-babies blotted out the already dark red sky, and swarmed down upon them.
	They shoved their items in the luggage compartment of the bike; all the while punching and kicking at babies that tried to overtake them in numbers. Two babies had Dog by each ear, and were biting and tugging while one sat on his back looking as if it were trying to chew through his tail. 
	He ran to his bike, reached in for his carbon rifle, but, when he pulled it out, it was a little bow. “AAAH,” a baby had sunk into the back of Jacko’s neck. Fortunately, an arrow was already loaded into the chamber. He reached behind him and pulled the trigger – it released Jacko, squealing, and flew off.
	Frantically, he looked for his ammunition while another baby sunk its teeth into the back of his leg. When he couldn’t find ammo it, he yelled, “arrows!” and a row of arrows appeared floating at the side of the bow, hanging down the way machine gun bullets hang out of a chamber.
	At which point, Jacko turned around and took aim. Poor Dog! He was covered in bats. “No! Get off my dog!” he ran at them while shooting but his aim was poor. Most of the arrows bounced off, or the babies caught them in hand and snapped them in two. He bent down and used his hands to pry off the babies. Then, he turned around and helped Bouncy, Machine, and Grill.
 	Dog, Bouncy and Grill leapt into the sidecar and Jacko onto the bike. Machine was right behind Jacko, but he started to scream just as he started the engine. He turned around and saw that Machine was on the ground, struggling with two bats clinging to his legs as they repeatedly sank their teeth into his heels. 
	Jacko jumped off the bike, turned, ran at Machine and punted one of the winged babies square in the side of its chest with his foot. It flew several yards into the air before catching its wherewithal and flying away on its own. 
	The other bat released Machine and flew toward Jacko, who then, turned a jab and right hook into its fat, black belly. 
	“Thanks, Bro,” Jacko helped Machine up onto the bike.
	Jacko made to get back on the bike, but one more baby was flying at them. He took aim with his arrow and shot. 
	This time, the arrow sunk deep into the baby’s chubby belly, and it fell to the ground. The rest of the babies stopped midair and looked down at their comrade. After a moment, they all turned and flew away.
“What are these disgusting things,” screamed Jacko.
“Imps! Dad taught us about them. They are mostly powerless, and not very smart,” replied Machine.
“Are their bites infectious?”
“No, I don’t think.”
“Yeah, but did you see the look on their faces? So evil!” said Grill.
Jacko felt a little guilty about shooting the one imp in the chest.
“They eat live flesh, so don’t feel bad!” said Machine.
“You don’t know that, it’s only legend!” said Grill.
“I agree with Grill,” said Bouncy, “they are also reputed for being relatively defenseless creatures. We shouldn’t kill them unless we have to. Let’s try to make enemies only when we have to.”

Jacko crouched and observed the little black imp; if it wasn’t for its face, it might have been cute. He picked it up and turned it over, examining its body; gently, he pulled the arrow out. Its little body made sickening squishy noises, as he tightened his grip on its belly to counterweight the pull. The arrow came free from its eely skin, from which a clear fluid secreted copiously onto Jacko’s hand.
“Ew,” he said as he wiped his hand on the moss-grass.  
Jacko tossed the imp on the ground and stood up. He turned around to see his brothers were all waiting for him, so he climbed onto his bike and, just when he was about to turn the handle, Bouncy said, “Jacko, look!”
They all turned to see the little odd, black creature stand up, clutching its belly, and limping its way in the direction of its buddies.
~~~

“SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK?” shouted Jacko over the engine.
“WE’RE ALMOST THERE, JACKO!” Dog shouted back.

They continued for a few more miles when the red sky changed to a blurry sort of brown. A few more miles and they came to a fork in the road that divided the ground and the sky. On the left side, the sky was bright blue and cheery while on the right side, it stayed red; naturally, they went left.
After another few hours, Jacko began to weary of riding again. He was about to pull over so he could rest when they saw a large Spanish style villa ahead of them. It was resort style with a humungous set of steps in pink terra cotta stone and lined with palm trees.  The house was the size of a small mountain! 
He pulled up and to everyone’s amazement, an unnatural looking man in a black suit offered to take their bike from them. Not that he was monstrous, but his flesh had an extremely hardened look to it, even more so than Althenio’s, if that was possible. Naturally, at first, they were resistant about giving him the bike, but the man insisted it would be safe; that he’d been expecting them. 
They got off and stretched a moment. Next, the man said, “Go ahead in, he is waiting for you.”
“He?” asked Jacko, but the man said no more.
They walked up a few dozen steps onto a terra stoned landing that had enormous decorative clear bodies of water with white statues of men. The water looked like clear Jell-O and the statues watched them as they walked to the front sliding glass doors which opened automatically.
Inside, the room was the size of a large auditorium. There were many leather couches all crammed together with hundreds of flat screen televisions all over the ceiling and walls. 
A white winged angel, about the size of the imps appeared in a wisp of air. This creature sparkled under the artificial lights, as it seemed to be made of a bluish stone, sort of like aquamarine, yet its features were baby like despite that its body moved fluidly.  
Briefly, Jacko remembered his mother telling him the story of the ophanim, and he wondered if this was one of them; another cherub-like being. 
The winged creature snapped its eyes intelligently at Jacko, and knew it could read his thoughts. 
“Be seated and Oganat will be out shortly,” and it disappeared again.
“Oganat? Oh my god!” said Machine.
“Who the heck is Oganat?” asked Jacko.
“He’s an African warrior god,” said Grill, “Machine’s hero.”
“Why? He’s a god of war? You like war?”
“No! Be quiet!” Machine whispered “Do not insult him, he’ll know. He brought peace to Africa many millenniums ago by killing all the crazy gods,” he whispered. 
“And none of them were even gods,” they all turned their heads to see a tall black male with the belly of a Buddha. “Most of them were wild spirits and souls who wished to ascend to the level of god by starting wars, possession, and human sacrifice, just as your father and mother told you of every other ambitious being.” 
“Is it true you smote them all?” asked Grill
“Well, smote is a rather strong word. More like, I put them in a bottle and up on my shelf for a while.” 
As Oganat walked toward them, he motioned them to sit. Automatically, the couches parted for Oganat to walk through with a tray of colorful blended drinks that appeared in his hands. He tipped over and offered them each one. 
Jacko picked the funky looking orange color; Grill picked one that was like a color collage; Machine chose one that flashed between fluorescent colors of orange, red, and green; Bouncy was left with the sickly looking avocado green.
Oganat, then, made the tray disappear and sat on the couch opposite to them. He gave them a moment to sip their drinks. Jacko didn’t know how the drinks tasted to the other boys, but his seemed to fill him with life and make him feel whole and empowered. 
He looked to his left and saw Dog’s tail wagging a mile a minute as he slurped contents of a silver dog bowl. Grill looked, immediately, as though he were on a roller coaster with the way he grinned and his cheeks pulled back towards his ears. Machine started tapping his foot and slamming his thigh with his hand. They invariably looked at Jacko, catching his eyes, and he wondered if he looked strange too. Despite their interest in each other, they all stopped froze at the sight of Bouncy. “Whuut?” he asked. 
They said nothing and only stared – his skin had turned the same color as his drink.

“Now as to your issues,” Oganat began. “Unfortunately, I have not so great news for you.”
They put their drinks down and paid closer attention.
“Drink up, drink up. It is rude to refuse a god in his house.”
They looked at each other and then picked up their drinks again.
“We know about everything that’s going on, and we have discussed it with the dark gods. I’m afraid they will not pull back the demons. I did, however, pluck that one who came to your home. He is in a castle beyond the road you came upon before choosing my lair, but there’s no telling how long it will be before he comes after you again. As a goodwill ambassador, there is nothing that I can do, except maintain the truce between the heavens until the end-of-times final battle, which should be here any moment.”
“So you’re not gonna help us?” asked Jacko.
“I can’t. My hands are tied.”
“I’m just supposed to sit and let the demon kill me? Is that what you’re saying?”
“Or keep our family hostage in some castle?” added Bouncy.
“I’m not saying you should do anything. I’m only saying that I cannot help you.”
“Where’s our Dad?” asked Bouncy. 
“Althenio and Manlo are beyond the road as well. The demons rounded them up and are going to use them as a trade. I assumed the trade would be you, but they are after something else. What? I don’t know. I did manage one thing, however,” and from some invisible source a few feet to their right, out walked Icy, Bull, Brain, Truth, Anle, Alica, Bordra, Dienla, and Forsi.
“Oh my god! You’re alright!” cried Bouncy. They all jumped up and hugged.
“Where’s Sissy?” asked Jacko angrily.
“They wouldn’t give her up.”
“They want to trade her for me?” asked Jacko.
“Yes, a trade for you.”
“Well, fine. Let’s go.”
“You can’t.”
“Why not? It’s my decision.”
“Because they want you for a reason. You do not understand, fully, what is going on here. I cannot tell you much, but let me tell you what I can. 
A few millenniums ago, when prophets were a dime to the dozen, there was a prediction that the gods would lose an end of times battle to the dark side, the demons.”
Jacko was getting impatient and sighed aloud. He didn’t want to hear more stories, he wanted to get his sister, Manlo, and Althenio, and then go home.
“This brought the demons hope because they’ve been denied their turn to rule and live on Earth, time and time again. Every millennium there has been a war and a new regime, in heaven and on Earth, but two millenniums ago, the gods lost to the dark side; however, the gods got control of the volcano of life and threatened to destroy it. There was a standoff between both sides for many centuries until an agreement was struck: that the gods would turn over the Earth to the demons at the end of this century, and give them a chance to rule,” Oganat paused for a moment to make sure they were still listening.
“Now, at the time, it didn’t seem such a terrible deal because man was different then: stupid, primitive, no better than a common rat. Centuries later, man had progressed so far that the gods were impressed: they were no longer vermin, or at least not all of them, but they become thoughtful, wise, creative, and intelligent; this made the gods feel they’d made a bad decision in their agreement to turn over the Earth. You see, the demons do not care about technology, philosophy, or wisdom; all they care about is war and they destroy all that is.”
Jacko felt like he’d swallowed a poisonous fly. He looked at his siblings; they were mostly red in the face.
“Now back to the prophecy,” said Oganat, thoughtfully. “The prediction says a god, son of the morning star, who rises every thousand years to give seed, will be blessed by the orchard.”
“Are you talking about the devil? Lucifer?”
“No! Not Lucifer, you stupid human boy! Did you not, ever, listen to a word your mother told you?” Oganat was indignant. “We do not insult the gods. Lucem is the god of enlightenment. He has nothing to do with your ridiculous Lucifer; another attempt of religions campaign to blacken.”
“Okay,” Jacko said, a little frightened.
“Lucem was supreme over the earth for many of the early centuries. He tried to help man grow in wisdom and knowledge, but with knowledge came greed; greed led to the birth of immorality. In man’s primitive state, immorality could not be contained; it spread to all humans. 
Lucem tried to bring peace by setting examples, but man no longer wanted his guidance. He retired to Venus in the sky, only to return every millennium and visit his favorite heavenly orchard. It is said that every millennium, he sends a piece of his goodness into the world. We, gods, have watched as man has changed, slowly, over the years because of it. We wish to see the progression to continue, however, if the dark gods take over, your planet will become a red land.”
“So, you think this is going to happen soon?” Bouncy’s voice cracked.
“Yes, very soon. Some of us are anxious to get it over with. War is such a dreary process. Personally, I’m thinking about early retirement just so I can avoid it.”
“What have I got to do with this? You said they want me for some reason.”
“It was predicted that a boy conjurer would rise to strength. Once the world has been lost to the demons, he would change it back; he would appear here, in the land of hunters, sometime this century.”
“Okay but what’s that got to do with me?”
“Thick, thick, thick is your skull, Jacko. You are the one they think will overrule them. It was you who wandered into the red lands. No other human has appeared there in centuries.”
“Okay, but how do we get our family back?” asked Machine. “What do we have to do?”
“You don’t. There is nothing you can do.”
“What do you mean ‘nothing we can do?’ We will fight and do whatever it takes to get them back! Now, maybe you can’t help, but send us to someone who can!” shouted Machine.
“There is no one who will help you. We have convened, and the decision was unanimous, which was that we leave this part up to fate; it’s the only way to see if the prediction comes true. We want the Earth to be saved. Still, if you are determined to interfere, there is only one person who can help you, if he chooses.”
“Who?” asked Jacko.
“Lucem, of course.”  
“Why would he help us?”
“He has been known to interfere, from time to time, in matters of importance. If he decides to give you his blessing, you will come, fully, into the power of a god. You will have enough strength to get your family back.” 
“How do we reach Lucem?”
“You can reach Lucem by going to the patron fig in the heavenly fig orchard; there you will find his essence, and there you can communicate.”
“What you’re forgetting to ask,” said Anle, “is what will a blessing like that do to you, and will you ever be the same again?”
“It doesn’t matter. I really don’t think we have time to go looking for this orchard, or whatever. We should go get Sissy, Manlo, and Althenio. Who knows how far, or how long, it would take to reach that orchard. What if they killed them before we got back?” asked Grill.
“You could try, but it will be a waste of time. If they catch you, they will recycle you; perhaps into the volcano.”
“They’ll throw us in a volcano?” asked Jacko.
Oganat sighed, “The volcano of life, the fountain’s parallel.”
“How do we find the orchard?” asked Grill.
“WOOF! I could do it!”
“What, Dog?” asked Jacko annoyed?
“I’m sure I could sense it, if I had something with its essence!” he wagged his tail.
“You are a wise Dog,” Oganat smiled and scratched his ear. “Althenio went, a long time ago, to the orchard to receive Lucem’s blessing. I know he brought back a stone of some sort. It is said to be a molten stone from the surface of Venus. He said when he first got the stone, it glowed, but as he moved away from the orchard, its light faded. It’s my guess that you can use the stone as an indicator. You must find this stone, and from that, you’ll be able to track your way to the orchard,” and then Oganat closed with, “I’m afraid you’re going to have to go quickly, kids.”
“What’s wrong, Oganat?” asked Machine.
“It seems some of the demons know you are here. Go back to Althenio’s, find the stone!”	
“Yes, Woof! They are coming, we must go, Jacko!” and Dog bounded for the door and the others followed him.
“But, wait a minute. If I get this blessing, does that automatically mean I am the boy of the prediction? Will I have to fight? I don’t want to fight. Isn’t there another way?” 
“I do not know,” but Jacko had the distinct feeling he was lying.
“Bye, Oganat,” they all said.
“Goodbye and goodluck! May our side win!”
Jacko opened the door of the villa, and walked out onto the landing, followed by his siblings. They all looked around in surprise because, although they saw the terra cotta, they didn’t step onto it. When they stepped, it was onto brown gravel with green plants and blue sky. “Oganat must’ve sent us back to our side,” said Brain. 
Jacko looked around and saw his bike was there behind them. 

A few hours later, they made it back to Althenio’s house. The troop was hungry and all complaining about it. Apparently, the demons didn’t give them human food, but tried to feed them hunks of bloody, raw meats, of some sort. 
“Jacko brought sandwiches,” said Machine.
“Yeah, but that’s not enough,” cried Bouncy.
“It doesn’t matter because I’m gonna take you all home.”
“I’m not going hooome!” said Anle.
“Well, you can’t stay here! Listen, Manlo and Althenio disappeared here. I, myself, was brought over to the other side of heaven by spell and I didn’t even know it; things can change with the blink of an eye. I think Bouncy, Machine, and Grill should go with me. Manlo would have wanted that.”
“It won’t do any good,” said Brain, “you are not our father. You can’t make us return.”
“Listen to me. It will be quicker if fewer of us go to the orchard. If something happens to any of you, it will only slow us down,” but no one listened to Jacko.









Brain Food

Chapter 9

“All you have to do is think of what you want,” he said, “and imagine it appearing.”
Jacko had successfully conjured a table with chairs, just like Althenio did. The younger ones, although they were technically older than Jacko, had a harder time commanding particles to make food. “Probably,” Brain hypothesized “because we haven’t come into our own abilities yet. Since gods age slower, we are less practiced at commanding powers.” 
After a few tries, though, the older ones managed to call forth many of their favorite dishes which they shared with the younger, smaller siblings.

“WAIT!” shouted Jacko.
“Yeah?” they looked at him.
“The food here is kind of strange. Eat slowly, and if you feel like you begin to float, just stop.”
“What kind of nonsense are you babbling on about?” said Alica.
“Whatever! I’m hungry,” snobbed Dienla.
 Jacko figured forget it. No one was gonna listen to him; especially after what they had just been through. 
They all dug into a combination of burgers, pizza, and ice cream. He, himself, wished fondly for a basket of bread, like he had when he visited Althenio, but then remembered it made him the giddiest. Jacko put the bread back and, instead, wished for a bowl of sobering Brussels sprouts. 
The bowl appeared in front of him on top of white rice. It was the most delicious Brussels sprouts and rice he’d ever had. Normally, Jacko hated bitter-tasting greens and plain rice, but in heaven, they were fantastic. 
His mind started to whirl with ideas and thoughts. His eyes roved about the place. The food was getting to him, he told himself, but it was different. The more he ate, the more grounded and logical he became; almost as if they were making him smarter. 
He looked to his right and left to see that the food had already begun to affect his siblings. Brain was talking a mile a minute about heavenly facts while Anle giggled hysterically at Dienla’s unfunny jokes. Machine was shoveling food, continuously, into his mouth the way Jacko had done. 
Jacko took another bite of his Brussels sprouts and chewed thoughtfully for a few moments before having a major brainstorm! He would need Dog, he thought; and looked to see him sat at the end of the table eating an entire baked turkey while everyone stared and laughed at him.
After Dog finished his turkey, Jacko asked him to follow him outside. Momentarily, they were distracted by Bouncy who was doing back flips across the carpet while Brain, Forsi, and Truth were floating in the air. 
 “Now, Dog, remember when I first met you? Near that house with the pond?”
“Yes.”
“You said someone told you to tell me this was all in my head. Who told you that?”
“I don’t know. One day, I was lying on my master’s bed, bummed out because no one had come home to play with me or take me for a walk. I lied and I cried, and fell asleep. I dreamt of a white light telling me that it needed my help. Within an instant, I was there in the house with you. I lied with you for hours while you slept. When I went to take care of business, you had awakened. Upon my return, I saw you doing flips in the pond’s geyser. The light said to help you on journey and, when you needed to know, to tell you the pond is where it’s at.” 
That was exactly what the Brussels sprouts helped Jacko to remember, that someone else was involved. He knew that the next step, after the orchard, was to find out who it was that gave Dog the message. 
Thinking of the pond, Jacko remembered, when he was under the water, seeing a bright source of light coming from somewhere at the bottom of the surface. 

“We need to get back to the house. Can you lead us there?”
Dog sat on his hind legs and thought for a moment. “I know where the pond is.”
“Let’s go.” 

The gravel formed a trail that they followed for almost 30 minutes before entering the familiar bald spot. Upon coming within a few feet of the pond, the middle shot up like a geyser again, bringing a smile to Jacko’s face. One of the green gold fish poked its head above the geyser part of the water, “Hey! Jacko!” it said with a huge smile, “come to go swimming with us again?”
“Haha, not exactly. I wish I could but I’m looking for something.”
“Well, that doesn’t matter! Come for a swim!” it said.
“Listen, I’m looking for a special stone. Do you know what I mean?”
“Haven’t a clue! Well ok, bye!” and he dived back under the water.
“Wait!”
The fish had gone and Dog looked puzzled. 
“Well,” said Jacko, “I’m gonna have to go in.”
“What do you need me to do?”
“I need you to watch, just in case something goes wrong. If anything strange happens, or if I’m under too long, I want you to get the others.”

Jacko pulled off his clothes and dived into the small pond. His body shrunk instantly as the water engulfed him. 
Underneath it was dark and slimy at first, but then the deeper he fell into the pond, the lighter it became. He continued downward for some time. All the while, he heard a low thumping sound. Erroneously, he followed the sound, which led him to a close run in with a catfish, and then a moccasin. 
Once he got away from them, Jacko noticed a low buzzing noise, sort of like the hum of a running generator. 
Unsure of what he’d run into next, he took another chance and followed the noise; it lead him even further below the surface of water.

	After a few moments of swimming, the water got lighter. Finally, it got too bright for him to look at. He squint his eyes and persisted, and eventually, closed his eyes as he continued in the same direction. 
	Moments later, Jacko slammed his head into a bright rock. “Aaaaah,” he screamed into the water, but kept his eyes closed because the light was still too bright. 
	Jacko didn’t know if it was what he was looking for, but then a voice whispered into his head; it said – take iiiit. 
	He reached his arms around the circumference of the rock and pulled with all his strength; the rock did not move. Jacko sunk to his knees to think, but as he hit the ground, he felt the rim of the rock at dirt point and realized it was halfway buried under the wet ground. 
	Once more, the whisper plugged itself into his head – use your gift!
	 Jacko stood back and concentrated. He focused his mind and energy on lifting the rock effortlessly from the ground. After a few moments, he heard a bubbling noise, felt the ground rumble, and he saw in his mind’s eye, the rock lifting itself while leaving behind a hole in the ground. Mentally, he sent it straight up to the surface of the pond; Jacko followed.
	As his head broke the surface of the pond, Jacko resumed his normal size. He crawled onto the bank, and saw Dog there with the stone in his mouth. Jacko reached out for it and examined it in his hand.

They strolled back to Althenio’s house. In the front yard, he found that everyone had passed out; no doubt, they were crashed from the food effect. This was annoying him because he wanted to be on his way. 
He sat on the grass in frustration and fell asleep with his head on Dog’s back.


A few hours later, Forsi woke Jacko. 
“Hey, Forsi. Glad to see you’re awake.”
Jacko looked up and saw that everyone was slowly rising from their groggy sleep. 
“Ok, everyone?” asked Jacko and they all turned. 
“Yeah,” they all muttered groggily.
“Should have listened to me about the food.”

Slowly, they awoke one by one and, for a few moments, no one said anything, not even Jacko who could barely contain his irritation with the group. Bouncy stood up and said, “Alright, guys, we gotta get going. We haven’t time to waste. Yes, we’re groggy, but that’s our fault,” but Bouncy waivered in his spot and then sat back down.
 
	Eventually, everyone started to rise and, when little Forsi whined, “Where are we gonna fit?” Jacko replied, “Uh, you’re not coming with us.”
	“Yes, I am!” she half screamed, half cried.
	Jacko ran his hands through his hair and growled, “Will you guys help me out?”
	“Look,” said Brain, “we may be small but that doesn’t mean we’re useless. We’ve been studying this place since we were born; there may be things we can help you with, along the way.”
	“I don’t care. This is not what Manlo would have wanted. I’m not putting any more lives at risk; I don’t want to be responsible should any of you get hurt or worse.”
	“Well, I’m not staying,” said Anle. “I’m the oldest and there’s nothing you can do about it.”
	“Yeah, I’m second oldest, and I am not staying either. You can’t make us,” Alica echoed.
	“Yeah!” tripled Bordra.
	“I don’t believe this!” Jacko exclaimed. 
	“Look, don’t get all pissy with us! Sissy’s our sister too. Not to mention they’ve got our father!” yelled little Forsi.
	“There you have it,” said Truth. “We’re coming with you.”
	“Anle, please,” said Jacko, but she remained silent.
	“In the old days, warriors were even younger than we are, and sometimes smaller. Every man deserves a chance to fight. We may not look it, but we are men,” said Truth.
	“What about us?” cried Dienla.
	“We are woman warriors! We have as much right as the boys.”
“The only question, now, is how are we gonna travel?” 
“I think Jacko has the right idea,” said Brain.
	“How are we all gonna fit into the bike?” asked Grill. 
“Derr,” said Bull. “We will multiply them. It might be wise to divide up, that way we can come after each other if any of us get abducted.” 
	“But how do we find this orchard so Jacko gets his blessing?”
	“I still think we should find Dad first,” said Grill.
	“There’s no way we can fight the demons alone, Grill. We want them back too, but we can’t just fight as we are now. We’re not strong enough. We need to find the stone so it can lead us to the orchard,” Anle said.
	“I’ve got the stone. Dog and I got it while you all were bouncing off the walls, literally,” Jacko said with sarcasm.

	After their discussion, they stood in front of Althenio’s house and concentrated on cloning Jacko’s bike by three. Fortunately, it didn’t take too long. The bikes appeared and Jacko was ready to take off until they informed him they didn’t even know how to ride them. 
“So what did you clone my bike for? We don’t have time for this!”
	“Because it seemed like a good idea,” said Brain. “We can get in and out of places, around forest and trees should we be attacked. Now just give us a few moments,” and Jacko threw his head down onto the handle bars in exasperation.
	
	They all picked up bike riding pretty easily, except Anle who was slow to stop and go. Jacko was just grateful the bikes didn’t have clutches or else they would have been there for hours.
The first part of their journey was most annoying with the way the girls squealed like infants every so often. Next they almost had a pile up crash when Anle gave her bike too much gas and it rode off from under her, leaving Anle to fall butt-first onto the dirt, and the girls in her car screamed as it swerved off into a tree. 
 	A few hours later, they had managed to put some distance between themselves and Althenio’s house. Anle was riding along pretty well at forty miles-per-hour with Jacko in the lead. Dienla and Bordra sat in the sidecar looking pretty uncertain as to her capabilities, as she almost swerved off the road several more times.
	 In the front, Jacko, Dog, Machine, and Grill rode in his original bike. Behind them, Bouncy steered a clone bike with the rest of the boys followed Anle and Alica who rode their clone bikes. 
They rode on for many uneventful hours, only stopping when Jacko felt too hungry and weary to continue. He slowed down and pulled the bike to the side and Anle pulled up next to him. 
	“Are we stopping?” she yelled over the motor.
	“Yes! Follow me,” he motioned to his right. 
Jacko lead them onto a heavy layered patch of pea-green moss where they parked their bikes and conjured a large picnic blanket. 
They sat in a circle and listened to Jacko who told them it was possible to eat heavenly food without the helium effect. “Manlo did, I saw him,” he said. When they asked why the food made them silly, Jacko supposed the reality of carbohydrates being various types of sugars, combined with the potency of heaven, was why food made them feel high and extremely giddy.
Together, they focused their wills to summon food that would be ineffectual. As Jacko commanded, the blanket was laid out with bowls of salad, and water. Machine whined about wanting real food. Fortunately, like Jacko, he was exceedingly surprised at how the food made him calm, nourished, and logical. 
“This is the best salad I’ve ever had! It doesn’t need dressing, and, best, I don’t feel like grinning,” said Anle.
“The water is especially sweet and satisfying, like its coating my entire insides and making me feel whole,” said Bordra.
Jacko smiled.
When they had finished eating, they spread out in a large circle and took a nap. The girls slept on one side, and the boys slept on the other. Jacko wrapped a blanket over his head to block out the always blue sky of heaven and fell asleep, instantly.


















Hamadryades

Chapter 10

Jacko didn’t sleep soundly at all; he projected himself out, though he didn’t mean too. He bouced out and around the edge of the atmosphere. Desperately, he tried to pull himself back, but he stopped when he saw a man whose essence resonated deep within him, as if they were, both, made of the same body. 
Against the pull of space, he watched the man walk through dark matter as if it were solid; there was a white glowing planet behind him. Instinctively, Jacko knew it was the morning star, as it was called centuries ago by the Romans, and was currently known as the planet, Venus. 
The man was humungous with waste-length blond hair and blue eyes. His skin was as white as the glow of light behind him. He walked with purpose and each step he took was equivalent to a million space miles; even the light that glowed behind him had to catch up. 
Jacko got excited because he knew it must have been Lucem. If he was headed to Earth, then surely he’d get his blessing, and the opportunity to rescue his family. But his bubble of hope was burst minutes later when, to Jacko’s surprise, he walked just past the Earth and made his way to a misshapen grayish-white film close by. 
Wait a minute! He recognized that nearly invisible, grayish, round film because he’d been there before! Every time he’d projected, to heaven, in his sleep, he’d used that film - it was the portal to the heavens! It was a physical door-like veil through which any being could enter, if they could see or find it.
Jacko opened his eyes with the remnants of his projection still lingering in the front of his mind. That was the doorway to heaven through which he’d escaped in his own dreams. He just never remembered it. Why didn’t he see that film when he’d projected awake? No matter. He needed to get going; if that was who he thought it was, he wasn’t wasting any more time, and especially now that he was certain Lucem would be at orchard.  
Sitting up, Jacko realized that his problems had just mounted. Not only was it dark again, but he appeared to be alone. 
Jacko’s heart nearly ruptured his chest; he wondered if the demons had tricked him again.
“Oh no,” he said under his breath. “Guys?” he called out. “Dog? Machine? Anle? Forsi? Anyone?” 
Slowly, he stood and looked around for the red horizon – it was there! When he found it, his heart beats slowed just a tad – at least he wasn’t back in the red lands. 
Okay, so someone else had to be messing with him. He hardly imagined that demons would be allowed on that side of heaven. But he didn’t know that for sure; after all, he and his brothers made it across the red lands just fine. Still, he argued with himself, it seemed unlikely. 
His spirits were completely jarred. Not even Dog to help keep him company as he figured things out!

“Why do you keep messing with me!” Jacko, rather, yelled more than queried to the air.

Jacko closed his eyes and tried to conjure Dog to him, but nothing happened. He tried telepathic communication, but nothing. He walked in a large circle and looked for any clues, and found nil. Finally, with the crazy idea that the ground swallowed them, he returned to several spots where Dog and the others lay and started to dig at the ground, but all he pulled up was pulsating moss and gravel. 
Althenio mentioned that heaven could be different depending on whose space one wandered into, but, up until that moment, he’d never met another god, angel, or soul there. When they settled, as far as he knew, they were alone. Could they have wandered into someone else’s territory? He sat and thought a moment. 
One thing, even his mother told him, is that the gods don’t particularly like human beings. He knew he needed to watch out, but how would he know if he’d angered one, unintentionally? 

“Yeah but they’d never abduct us!” he argued with himself. 

But he didn’t know that for sure, either. 
His pounding heart tickled his lung as he contemplated all the possibilities; each one worse than the last. One more time, he scanned the land over, looking for signs of anything irregular or peculiar. 
A few more thoughts occurred to him, as he sat. On one hand, Jacko knew that if anything would fix this situation, it would be him, after he got his blessing and the full strength of a god. But what would that do to him? Oganat never answered his question. Would he ever be the same again? He didn’t want full power; he just wanted his family back.
At the same time, Jacko was urgent and didn’t want to wait for a blessing, like Althenio said, he tended to act impulsively. But, if he’d acted on his instinct, back at the cabin, maybe the demons would not have got him and his family; maybe he would have arrived just in time to save them. If he’d followed his instincts, they could be on Earth not caring about the end of times war, until they had to that is.

What do I do? What do I do? What do I do? He asked himself over and over. No answers came to mind because he was too anxious, so he lay back against a tree, emptied his mind and tried to focus. 
He could go back to Oganat? But he really didn’t want to. He’d come too far to go all the way back to the other side. So he asked heaven what to do; the way people sometimes prayed in movies. 
When that failed too, he hung his head and became pathetic. Once more, What do I do? He asked himself again. 
Then, there was the voice again. The same voice that he heard before, only louder than a whisper.

Ask the treeees, it said.

“Sissy?” he stood up and looked around him. “Sissy where are you?”

Ask the trees. What does that mean, he wondered. He looked at the tree, thought how stupid, and sat back down.
A little while passed with no good ideas. He felt extremely disappointed in himself. Why would Sissy tell him to ask the trees? Were they alive? 
They did turn red when pressed hard, and one did punch him in the face.
Jacko continued to try and think of what the voice meant. “Well,” he said, “it’s no good just sitting here any longer.” He stood up and walked away from the bald spot and deeper into the midst of trees.

“What do you mean, Sissy?”
Silence.
He rubbed his scalp hard and wondered why Sissy didn’t answer him. 

“I can’t help you, if you don’t help me. I haven’t studied this place, like you have.”

Jacko touched a tree, and the spot turned red; he touched it harder and it turned redder. He grabbed a branch and examined its wood, which expanded and contracted just like the grass. Gently, he rubbed his finger up and down, and then pressed a spot. He could feel a pulse inside the branch. 
Standing back, he looked at a particular group of trees, noting how exact each and every one was. On Earth, such exactness was impossible. They were all the same height and width, as were their needles, color of their needles, and color of their tree trunks. In heaven, the grass and trees literally lived and breathed.  
Jacko touched the trunk again when something came back to him, a story his mother told him. 
Like most of the stories his mother told, he just wrote it off as silly, boring mythology. But, of course, lately, he continued to learn that a lot the things she told him were true, or loosely based on truths of “times long ago.” She told him that sometimes myths, though false, contained key information to the world and the heavens.
Once, his mother told him of a race of trees that lived on Earth. She told him the modern day conception of wood nymphs was false, but that there were similar guardians. He couldn’t remember who or what she said they were, but he remembered that if one were to stab the tree, it would bleed because the guardians lived inside the tree. He pressed the trunk of the tree inward, and released – it turned red again.
When the trees were on Earth, the gods forbade that even one should be cut down. They warned that the guardians and the trees would die, and the gods would punish anyone who hurt them.
No one listened, of course, for the guardian trees were highly magical. It was rumored that, once cut down, they immediately petrified. If one were to build their house, castle, or fortress from the wood, he or she would have an indestructible home. 
Now it made sense why the tree punched him when he pulled out its twig. The trees lived and breathed, and they could, most certainly, feel. 
What was that word? Hamadryades. The guardians of a magical tree species. It was because they lived that other fern species lived on Earth. Myth said, if they died, all the trees would die. Naturally, man didn’t care, so the gods brought the trees to heaven, where they were protected.
Jacko remembered his mother saying other forms of hamadryades might guard the trees in heaven. She told him that at one time, they covered the Earth. He even remembered a story about a king who’d send one servant to chop down a sacred tree, and then when he died, send another to collect the wood. Man did not care about sacrificing life.
  
“Hello?” said Jacko. “Uh, my name is Jacko and I need help. I know that I hurt one of your kind before by plucking a needle, and I’m sorry. But, I need your help to save my family and save the Earth.”
Silence.
Feeling desperate, Jacko put his hands on the tree and massaged up and down on the trunk. “I need to know how to get to the Fig Orchard to get Lucem’s blessing. Can you hear me?”

Jacko slid down onto his butt and sat his back against the tree. Nothing happened, except that he felt extremely ridiculous. 

Talk to them.

“Sissy, I tried that. It’s not working.”

Jacko pressed his ear to the wood, and within he could hear a low thudding noise. 
Tree hugging, his mother told him, was not a crazy hippie thing, but it was a way to get the hamadryades to trust humans. Once a human earned ones trust, a nymph might reveal themselves and offer favors. He turned around and put his arms around the hard, unusually smooth even red wood. 
Jacko hugged the tree for almost twenty minutes while trying various forms of communication. First he tried talking some more, and then tried to project thoughts into the trees. 
After some time, he moved on to the next tree and did the same. Unsuccessful, he again moved on to another, and then another tree.
Almost three hours passed with Jacko hugging trees. All the while, his mind flitted between ideas of how retarded he felt. When he almost gave up from exhaustion, a deep voice rang every cell in his body. 

Hello, Jacko. 
He turned around and looked for the source. As he nearly completed a full turn, he stopped dead as he noticed a tree a few yards off that was different than all the others. The trunk was as wide as the state of Colorado and rose, infinitely, into the sky.

What do you want?
 
If there was a king tree of all trees, the one Jacko looked upon was it. Still, he looked for the source of the voice for he imagined that a being would arise out of the trees and talk to him, face-to-face.

I’ll ask one more time, and only one. What do you want?

One deep sigh, he raised his arms and leant forward to hug the great big tree. 

Stand back, boy.

“Sorry,” said Jacko. “I want to find my brothers and sisters.”

I cannot help you.

“Please, if you could tell me what to do.”
I cannot help you because I do not know. You will not get them back on your own. Seek the orchard, Jacko, and don’t look back until you get your blessing.

The gravel in the path formed differently than it had when he was with Althenio and Manlo; this time, it formed a long stretch of line. 

“Are you still there?”
But no answer came.

Although he felt guilty for not trying to find his family, he did the only thing he knew he could, which was follow the path to the orchard. If he got this, so called blessing, and became all powerful, he would bring them back, safe.
 Over the next several hours, nothing happened. He followed the path without question, but all he saw was trees and trees, and more trees. 
The scene never changed, despite that he’d walked miles. What kept him going was the thought of the alternative, which was doing nothing. He had no ideas of what else to do, to help his family, so if he didn’t walk then he would do nothing.
Still, he was a human teenage boy who needed rest. He could not continue in that way. His eyes were getting heavier, but he pushed on.  
Another mile and Jacko, tiredly, stumbled onto the ground. Though he smashed his face into the gravel, he did not feel it: he slept and he slept. 

When he woke, his mouth had bits of gravel in it. Pua! He spit and conjured water. As he drank, his fatigue ebbed away, and his muscles lost their ache. 
Clumsily, he stood up on his shaky thighs. He jumped as a bunch of some things white and feathery clipped him on the side of his head. 
A flock of feather rotating balls flew by. Jacko knew straight away that these were more angel-like creatures. They were clear with a tinge of blue, like the winged child at Oganat’s villa. Only these weren’t the shape of children, but, rather, circles with rotating balls in their centers. 
Despite Jacko’s fascination with their body, he noticed their wings had a rough and bumpy texture: their wings were covered in unblinking, non lidded, eyes. 
The cherubs paid no attention to Jacko as they flew by; however, seeing them gave him a small surge of hope that maybe he was getting somewhere. Hours of unchanging scenery made him feel as though he were walking in circles.
He stood up and traveled a few more miles along the road. The scenery changed once more, and Jacko felt relief.
A few feet to his left was a large grassy area stuffed with statues, similar to those at Oganat’s. Some were solid and white while others were see-through. Jacko began to understand that the clearer the god, the older. 
Some of the statues were as tall as the conifer trees, and some were so tall that Jacko couldn’t see their torsos. 
Mesmerized by the spun glass look of one of the statues, Jacko reached out his hand; its surface was smooth like spun glass, too – it even had little bubbles inside it, except they weren’t air pockets but little bits of white stone that hadn’t fully faded. 
Jacko screamed when he looked up and saw the statue he rubbed had opened its eyes and looked down at him. He could see almost entirely through this aged statue, but his eyes were solid, impenetrable, and black. 
Upon seeing that it woke, Jacko knew this was a hardened god as described by Althenio, not just in form but also hard of heart. The kind of god his mother warned him about; the kind of god that hated humans.
Jacko breathed heavy and stumbled backward onto the ground. He rolled over onto his side and tried to push himself up when, what felt like cold solid, rock squeezed his buttocks painfully, forcing Jacko’s body to double over in a fold. He screamed in pain and saw that he was being lifted many feet off of the ground.
Then he was turned around 
to face one of the statues humungous eyes. “Who are you?” and “What are you doing here?”
Jacko couldn’t speak for the pain of the god’s grip. Realizing this, the god released him into the palm of his other hand. 
Rubbing his back, he said, “I’m Jacko and I’ve been given permission to cross this land. I’m going Lucem’s orchard, to seek his blessing.”
“Permission by whom?”
He thought fast, and pulled the first name that came to mind.
“Oganat, heaven’s hell ambassador.”
“Oganat does not have that kind of authority here. I do not like you, people-kinds.”
“Well, you see,” hurried Jacko as he realized the conversation was turning bad, “I’m trying to save my family because they’ve been kidnapped by the demons.”
“You will be given one chance to turn around and leave. If you don’t, I will trample you into dust. I repeat that I do not like you, people-kinds.”
“Well, tough! I’m going to the orchard and you won’t stop me.”
The statue growled, loudly. Scared, Jacko jumped off the edge of his hand. He imagined the gravel enveloping him, softly, and smoothly.
Mid-air, the god tried to capture Jacko back, but he conjured the god that stood next to him, and forced him to punch the god in his face. 
There was a loud crunch, like the smashing of crashing cars, from above him. He landed softly on the gravel and looked up. The god’s face had a large, long crack from ear to mouth. Jacko thought his face would split into two, but, slowly, the crack disappeared from his hardened head. The statues eyes widened as it looked left for the cause of its damage.
 “What are you doing Astraeus? Do not stop me from pulverizing this insolent child. He is but a fly, you were always a meddlesome idiot,” and he leant over to snatch Jacko up who easily ducked around his hand. 
Jacko focused and sent the other statues foot at his face.
“AAAAAAhhhh,” it screamed and the ground shook; Jacko grabbed his ears.
“I’m sorry Pallas but I don’t know why I just did that.”
Pallas? The name sounded familiar to Jacko.
Pallas, then, tried to strike Astraeus who fell backward, knocking into another similar looking statue that, in turn, knocked into another statue, all with a loud WHAM WHAM WHAM! The ground shook as tall, clear marble statues slammed heads into other statues, and then came to life.
Jacko stood with his mouth hanging open because he’d just remembered where he’d heard the name, Pallas. 
He knew he was in trouble because he’d just knocked over a graveyard full of hardened retired Titans. Titans, as he remembered his mother telling him, were short tempered, nasty gods that ruled before their children, the Olympians, turned mutinous. 

A voice inside his head said ruuuuun!
“Okay, Sissy.” 

He picked up fast and ran hard along the rest of the graveyard as statue after statue sent waves that bounced Jacko feet up and further along the path like a bouncing ball. 
At the end of the graveyard, he chanced a backward glance and saw the statue that had Jacko was now engaged in a battle with Astraeus. Both were trying to ram each other with spears that looked like long icicles. 
Jacko screamed and jumped when one of the spears shot some sort of red beam of anti-matter very close to him. It caused an enormous explosion and Jacko looked down where the bolt struck and saw there was nothing but a black hole. 
He turned and hurried. Thankfully, the road had continued to form without him. Fast, he ran but, then, there was a thunder of an explosion, to his right, that knocked him off the path. 
Right as he made to stand and run, again, he was picked him up off the ground. Jacko continued to move his legs in running motion until he looked down and realized he had been caught.
 Then, a hand reached out and nabbed Jacko like a fly in a fist. He was confined within the blurry marble-like fingers; they pressed in close on his flesh and there was no way he could get out. 
When, at last, the fist opened, Jacko found himself sky high and turned around to see Pallas’ gigantic onyx eyeball looking at him.

“What are you gonna do with me?”
“If I could, I’d kill you. But my father has ordered that you be charged with disrupting heavenly peace, an action with a punishment that is worse than death, should you be found guilty – which I’m sure you will,” and he laughed a deep, throaty laugh.
He enclosed Jacko in his fist, pulled back his arm and threw Jacko into the clear center of one of the winged ball-like creatures with the wings of many eyes. He was trapped like a hamster in a ball, and each way he tried to walk was useless because he would only stumble and roll.
Jacko continued to perpetually stumble and roll for a few minutes. When he started to gag, he shouted, “Stop spinning!” and amazingly it did.
With Jacko inside, the cherub flew into the air and continued into the midst of clouds.

“Where are you taking me?”
 Jacko closed his eyes because being separated by a thin solid layer while in flight put his stomach in his mouth. When he reopened them, they were surrounded by the dark matter of space. The sight frightened him, much; he screamed at the top of his lungs and passed out. 
A bit later, Jacko woke to a strange high pitched noise. Against his desire, he opened his eyes and saw them fly fast through little rocks and around large dark asteroids. He covered his eyes and kept them that way until he felt severe plane-like turbulence that bounced him violently inside the ball. 
He screamed and screamed while praying to god to help him. When the motions were smooth again, he reopened his eyes to find they were penetrating a white gas and liquid atmosphere. All around him was thick, cloudy white and just then Jacko, again, heard a high pitched ringing noise. The noise was coming from the cherub and an even louder, deep rumble vibrated the cherub. 
The noises went back and forth for a while. Jacko got the sense the cherub was communicating with something. Then, suddenly, right under them, a solid platform of white appeared in a patch of a few hundred square feet. The cherub stopped so abruptly that Jacko tossed fatally up and down, inside the ball. 
When Jacko no longer felt like retching, he stood and looked around at the white-ish ground and clouds. There was light blue tinge to the ground and clouds.
After a moment of turning several 360s, trying to identify where they were, Jacko looked up and saw the atmosphere of white-ish clouds move aside. Through which, clear giants walked, like the man in his dream, with staffs, across the dark matter of space as asteroids, rocks, and stars moved aside for them.

“Let me out!” he banged on the ball.

A voice from everywhere said, “You may not leave the cherub’s belly, for it is what protects you while you are inside me.”
Jacko looked around for the source, “Who are you?”
“I am Ouranus, ancient primordial god, father to the Titans, and seventh planet from the sun in our solar system. I am everywhere around you.”
Just then, Jacko heard more of the deep vibrations that he’d heard upon entering the atmosphere: he realized it was the planet talking to its arrivals. 
Uranus formed more surface for them to land on. He couldn’t tell how many there were, but he became more frightened as he realized that it wasn’t just Pallas’ or Astraeus who’d come to testify against poor Jacko; in fact, it looked like hundreds of Titans had come. 
Jacko knew he was in trouble and his heart pounded in his chest, his breath grew heavy, and he fell to his knees, against the angle of the cherub’s orb. He couldn’t take it, the pressure, he felt faint. 
Just as he was about to pass out, a warmth spread from within his heart, slowing its rhythm and spreading over his quivering body and mind. The warmth, then, consumed his brain and his consciousness was clouded. 
He stood up and looked about, but it wasn’t him, or, rather, not just. Jacko had no control over his body and, although he saw with his own eyes, it was like he was seeing tunnel vision. It was freaky and scary, but he also felt comforted by whatever was inside him.
Jacko’s mouth opened, and although he heard his voice escape, it was not him who said in a majestically magnified volume, “What is the real reason you have brought me here, Ouranus?”
When the loud voice escaped Jacko, his moment of comfort turned to horror, but the presence inside him kept his mind from going insane. Somehow, it forced his body’s natural instinct to shut down with fear and shock, to stay well and grounded. Hold onnnnn, it told him. 
The voice, Jacko realized, it wasn’t Sissy, like he thought; it was the presence, inside him, that had been talking to him, all along. Was this the voice that talked to Dog, too?
His soul shivered, despite Lucem’s hold on him, and it almost left his mortal body, which wanted to die. The presence must have felt the weakening of his soul and body, too, because it strengthened its hold on Jacko, like forcing opposite ends of a magnet together, it kept Jacko’s soul inside his body. 
“You have disturbed the peace of my sons. You started a war between them. It is only customary that you should stand trial before me and die.”
The entity’s comforting presence inside him turned to rage, scaring poor Jacko, and tears leaked out of the corners of his eyes, yet the presence held him firm. WHO ARE YOU??? GET OUT OF MEEEE!!! PLEEEEASE!!! GET OUT NOOOOW!! He screamed inside his head.
But the presence ignored him.
 “You know you have no right! Ouranus!” Only Jacko wasn’t speaking English anymore, but some sort of ancient language he knew to be Latin, yet it didn’t sound like Latin of today. It was the ancient Latin of millenniums ago. 
“The boy wandered into my territory!”
“Heaven is not just your territory!”
“It does not matter,” yelled Pallas. “This boy caused us to riot amongst each other. Some of us were resting peacefully until he came along.”
“But I have a destiny to fulfill.”
“Your destiny is not important to us,” said Pallas to cheers and hand clapping. “You betrayed us when you allowed the Olympians to overrun us. We do not care about you or the humans and whatever so-called destiny. When it comes time to fight, we will fight against you all.” 
“Yeaaahh,” said many to claps and cheers.
“The Earth was created for these hapless life forms, or so called souls, to have solid form and evolve in the universe. They were given bodies, and given to the Earth, so they could serve us, yet they have grown and changed. We cannot stop this progression, for it is wrong. You’re desire to enslave humanity is wrong and the majority of us do not agree with it! The time for monarchs is over.”
“Says the god who tried to rule humanity and failed,” continued Pallas.
“I never tried to rule, but only to guide and teach souls to become wise and leave their primitive state behind. I never tried to use the Earth as a place for my habitation and manipulation.”
“It does not matter to us. This is a time of equal opportunity! We may not win, but we will try to put our stake in the future of the heavens and the Earth,” concluded Ouranus.
“Why do you do this?”
“Because we were wrongfully ousted from our thrones. We loved heaven, Earth and the humankind; if you remember correctly, they were all ours. We discovered these souls when they were young and my children had no right to take them from us.”
“You have no right to take them back because your intentions are wrong.”
“And, here, we part ways. If you try to stop us, then we will destroy you.”
“I’m way older than you, and way more powerful! But you just try, Ouranus, you just try! The Earth will have one less planet in its solar system, and it will not be you, for I have all the gods on my side.”
“Enough! Lucem, leave us, now!” 
“OURANUS! PUT A STOP TO THIS NOW, OR YOU’LL ALL BE SORRY. YOU ARE NOT STRONG ENOUGH TO TAKE ME OR THIS BOY!”
Jacko’s body trembled with anger and the essence held him firm. 
“You are my father Lucem, and I honor thee, but I have long since decided that we will fight. We will take our rightful place back, in heaven and exist on Earth.”
Jacko’s body vibrated as he felt Lucem’s anger consume his flesh. He thought his hands would explode, that his eyes would burst, and he didn’t know how much longer his mortal body could take his possession. 
Suddenly, vibration and massive quakes shook the surface of Uranus which sent the cherub, containing Jacko, to suspend in mid-air. The vibrations grew so strong that even the gods rumbled over the surface of Uranus. 
When Jacko thought his body had reached its end - that he would die-, his mind cleared suddenly and his body felt weightless as though he’d just stepped out of a pool. 
Jacko was alone again. 
He looked around as his vision adjusted from the myopic tunnel he’d had only a few moments ago. The Titans stomped, cheered, and clapped because Lucem had gone. 
A new panic rose in his chest. Why did he leave him all alone? He knew the Titans were going to kill him?

 Do not be afraid, you will not die, just yet. Go, now! 

The cherub made to take him back to Earth, but it was distracted by the sudden arrival of several additional large beings. Like Althenio and Manlo, these ones were alabaster white giants, and they looked nothing like the rogue-ish Titans, but more like beautiful Greek statues.
They landed as more solid ground formed for them. Everyone stared as a particularly frightful looking gigantic man with a long white beard spoke. 

“Ouranus,” he spoke in Greek. Lucem left behind, knowledge of languages in his head. “You dare interfere with our prophets and destroy this boy? We will stop you!” as he shook his silver three pronged trident to the sky. 
From the sky a bolt of lightning struck the large man in the chest, who keeled over on the spot – Ouranus killed him. A moment of silence followed, and then a loud deafening roar as they all attacked one another. Tridents and spears sent antimatter and lightning bolts amuck, frying and obliterating to Jacko’s left and right. As if that wasn’t scary enough, Uranus rained down sulfur methane and continually sent lightning bolts from his sky. 
“GOOOOO!” Said a giant who scooped up the cherub and threw it into the atmosphere. They flew off into the dark as, behind them, Titans rolled and fought all about them, spilling into all levels of Uranus atmosphere and rolling throughout the clouds. 
When they made it into space, Jacko looked back and saw two large bodies rolling into the darkness as they tried to spear each other.
More gods spread into battle, across the solar system, and some, in Jacko’s direction. They were chasing him! His cherub just missed a red flash. 
The cherub must have been frightened too because its orb started to rotate again, except a lot faster than before, and Jacko tumbled inside.

Fight! Said Lucem.
 
Jacko wanted to use his power to defend himself and the cherub, but its center wouldn’t stop no matter how much he yelled at it.  He felt like he was inside a power ball machine. 
Several times, he nearly retched. He closed his eyes and focused on suspending himself just off the bottom of the cherub’s belly. 
Feeling better, he opened his eyes and was relieved to see they were about to enter Earth’s atmosphere. 
Just then, another red bolt from one of the spears came close to obliterating him and the angel. More of the gods threw bunches of blue bolts at the Titans that followed Jacko, and several of them were obliterated. 
Scared, he closed his eyes and concentrated all of his hatred on the Titan, closest to him and the cherub. With as much emotion as he felt at the moment, it didn’t take much explode him.
This angered the rest of them, who ran faster at Jacko, all the while red bolts flew around them. 
Then, just as he was about to hit the cloud layer of Earth. One of the bolts struck the beryl of the cherub, and it blew apart, releasing Jacko who passed out as he fell through the sky at high velocity.






















Meeting Gaia

Chapter 11

He was in a large room with stone walls. Various weapons decorated the walls, or stood in racks: sword, axes, battleaxes, iron balls. The bed, he lay in, was tough and itchy, and smelled moldy. 
A thick ray of light blared across the dark gray and dusty room. He walked over and looked out the window. Outside, the worst weather, he’d ever seen in his life, persisted. 
The clouds were so heavily packed in that he could not see the sky. Several floors below, the ground looked like a frozen version of the sky: covered in a thick icy gray, blanket of snow. Enormous fist sized granules of snow balls, instead of flakes, rained down, slamming and spattering into the ground.
He observed, more fully, the walls on the outside of the building, in which he stood. It was a tall gray castle closed in with extremely tall trees that stood, maybe, a 100 feet away. 
The image of being inside the cherub, which was blown apart, and him falling through the air made him wonder if Lucem had saved him and brought him to that place. 
There was a noise behind him. He turned and saw a girl stood across the room, watching him. She couldn’t have been more than twelve, but Jacko knew immediately by the ghostly appearance of her form that she was no girl.
“Jacko,” it said without opening her mouth.
His heart pounded.
“It’s alright, you’re safe.”
“Explain,” was all Jacko could get out.
“You are wrong. I was, and still am, a god, but I have moved on and this is the form that I chose for our meeting because of its ease of moving through the world. But, if it makes you more, comfortable,” and the girl became as clear as water with blue-green eyes.
Jacko wondered if she were taunting him, as her new form was not easier for him to view.
This time, she spoke with her mouth, “The world is in chaos, natural disaster. Your mother told you about this sort of affect before, don’t you remember? The elements are tied into the emotions of the gods. When they fight, so does the world.”
Jacko said nothing.
“I’m Gaia. You met my former lover, Ouranus.”
“If he was your lover, then what am I doing here? Why don’t you try to kill me?”
“Don’t you remember your mother’s tales? I am the Earth goddess. Ouranus thought he could rule me, rule my creations; thought he could trick me because he was young and handsome, and, I, old and lonely.”
“You are the daughter of chaos. Ouranus tried to rule you, but you cast him out. I remember,” he mumbled to himself. “Why did you bring me here and where are we?”
“We are in the Norse Mountains, a peak no one man has seen in millenniums, for I keep it hidden so that I may come and think. I brought you because I knew you’d be safe for the moment, until I released you; that and I wanted to give you a message.”
“There are some things I don’t understand. How is it that you are the Earth, yet you stand here? How is it that Ouranus is a planet that talks?”
“I am like mana, omniconsciousness, omnipotent, and omnipresent. What I am is what all gods become, as you’ve seen. First they harden and turn white, and then clear, and then into consciousness as their bodies fade away. If their consciousness is strong, the consciousness will grow and, finally, they will become orbits in the sky. I have, long ago, completed this cycle and am now Earth as you see it. I am very old, Jacko, older than all the planets in this solar system, and many outside it. During the arch-eon, I was one of the first gods of this universe, born out of the chaos of another universe, past, that no longer exists. I am beyond, yet I resonate as this planet that you call Earth. Like the hamadryades in the trees, I am one with the Earth. If it dies, I will cease to exist. I am Gaia; I am the Earth,” she paused. “I know of your troubles and of your concerns. I’ve brought you here to warn you that if you do not seek the orchard’s blessing, you will lose your battle. You will die and so will your family. You cannot defeat the demons. What you will discover, shortly, will distract you from your mission, but you must not let it keep you from your course too long, or you will lose your chance to win the war against the demons, forever. I feel that I must warn you that things will be much worse, if you do not reach the orchard soon.”
“Why do you help me? I thought the gods were agreed to leave everything up to fate.”
“Because I don’t want filthy demons turning my beauty into a molten rock of lava. We, gods, harden over the years and lose feeling, but I feel loathing toward the demons. It is the only thing I’ve felt in eons. ”
There was a giant explosion. He turned to look out the window. Despite the thick trees, he could see lightning struck a fire that burned bright, some miles away, and he could smell wood burning. 
Additionally, the sky didn’t relent. Snow balls burst into flames as they fell from the clouds; they pelted and flurried down to the ground where they died in the wetness of the snow, leaving ash behind.
 “Isn’t there anything you can do to stop natural disasters from happening to the Earth?” 
“The end of times battle has begun and there is nothing I can do about it. The war prophecy allows a war for the Earth, but not with the Earth.”
 “What does that mean?”
“It means I cannot interfere without interfering with the prophecy, everything must be played out.”
“Is the rest of the world like this?”
	“Mostly.”
Further reading Jacko’s mind, Gaia made a television appear in the air so that he could have a news report. The whole world had, indeed, gone to hell. Raining sulfur and fire seemed to be small compared to the land slides and flooding the news reflected in various parts of the country. One report claimed the ocean was rising and showed pictures of beaching whales.
“Can you tell me where my family is?”
“That is for you to find out.”
“Why won’t anyone help me!”

But Gaia was unmoved. 
Jacko closed his eyes and told himself to calm down, but then he reopened them and asked, “Do you know if my father is okay?”
 “I do not.”
“How could you not know? If you are everywhere like Ouranus?”
But she simply stared. 



Exasperated, he turned back to the news cast. A woman was recorded as she was struck by lightning; a hundred people were huddled under a bridge to shield themselves from acid rain; cars were hanging off the edge of a freeway, its inhabitants screaming.

He turned back to Gaia, but she looked strange, vacant.
 “Hello! Are you still with me?” 

Gaia was still as a stone statue. Jacko knew that she was no longer there, or she didn’t wish to continue their conversation. He wasn’t done, though, because he wanted answers.
Jacko walked up to the statue and touched it, but it did not move. “Where did you go?” 
He walked around the room and then he got angry and made to rush Gaia, but as he was about to collide with the statue, he was flipped into the street of his hometown. 
The town was red and yellow skied. Gray ash rained down and a crack split the street in half.
He jerked his head as a bolt of lightning blasted down, blowing a building apart only a few hundred feet to his right. Jacko recognized where he was, the center of town where the mall used to be. His eyes bugged out as he looked across the street to where there was a mountainous pile of rubble. People ran up and down the street, crying. 
Jacko was shocked. The world turned apocalyptic in just the few hours he’d slept. He knew he couldn’t control the gods, but he still felt somewhat responsible for what was happening to the world. 
Still, he didn’t have time for contemplation, so he ran home. When he got there, and saw the house he once hated, his breath abated. Guilt returned, full flow. The house had been blown to bits, as had nearly every other home on the block.
Unable to hold back grief he felt, tears welled up behind his eyes. A burned out crisp, the house had become; even the cement steps had been blown to a pile of rocks, through which, Jacko had to gingerly walk to keep his balance. 
Inside, the wall on the opposite side of the living room laid all over the floor, and rubble covered nearly every inch of the floor. 
The only thing that was wholly untouched was the couch. From it, streamed a long, purple blanket with feet dangling over the arm; the feet were blue tinged. 
Jacko became faint, at the sight of the feet. He fell to his knees as he thought the feet might be his father’s, and that his father might be dead. Breathing hard, he forced himself to stand, he walked slowly to the other side of the couch, but what he saw he was not prepared for.
It took a moment to set in: shock. The face was not his father’s, nor was it Anna’s. What was she doing there? Had she come to find him?
 His mouth opened in silent scream as he saw Sissy lying there on the couch. 
He screamed and he screamed her name. Shakily, he reached out his hand to shut her eyes; they were stiff with rigor mortis, and slimy with decomposition.

“Sissy!” he cried. 

Jacko held her, not caring that she was dead. “What happened to you? What are are you doing here?”
He pulled back the purple blanket and saw a huge gap charred into her chest: something or someone had obliterated her insides, like a bolt of antimatter, he thought: the Titans.
The sight sickened him; he retched.
A crack ripped through the sky: thunder and lightning, and rain. He jerked his head upward to look through the hole in the room above, and in the roof. 

Carefully, he set Sissy down and walked up the steps, or what remained of them. At the top, he had to crawl over the railing because the steps were missing.

“Dad?” 

He skipped over a large hole in the hallway. Past his room, he looked inside to see that everything was rubble, too. His father’s room was right there. 
Fear rose up inside him and his throat swelled. When he approached where the door to his father’s room once was, he saw another huge gap in the floor, but this one he couldn’t jump over. He didn’t need to, though, because his father lay in the corner of the room. Half of his face was bandaged and his eyes were still and glassed over. “No!” yelled Jacko who forgot about the hole, and fell through to the bottom of the floor. 
The fall would have hurt, had he not been so upset. He laid face down on the floor and cried. 
Jacko’s head got really hot and vibrations rumbled through his body.  He screamed, “LUUUUUCEEEEEEEEM!!!” and his body lifted off the ground. Jacko was too bereaved to realize that he’d burst through the ceiling and was, now, moving upward and through the sky. His rage burned like nuclear fission. 

“LUUUUCEEEEEEM!” he flew upright and threw the clouds.


























No Where to Go

Chapter 12

Jacko moved through the air at a speed so fast that, for all he knew, he’d circled the Earth a few times. He was numb and angry without any ideas about where he was going. All he could do was call for Lucem, but he got no response. 
At one point, he contemplated flying to Venus to see if Lucem really was the morning star, like the old Romans used to call it and like Gaia had explained to him. Jacko aimed further upward to the edge of the Earth’s atmosphere, but when he tried to move beyond the last phase of atmosphere, something held him back, like an invisible bowl that kept inside. 
After failing many attempted angles to exit the Earth, Jacko began to feel dizzy and tired, so he sought out a high, snowy, deserted peak to settle on. 
He needed to think about how he was going to bring back Sissy; that was all he cared about. 

But how do you bring back someone from the Fountain of Youth without being sucked in yourself? You can’t, he told himself. 

What about with the power of a God? If he had the power of a God, would he be able to bring her back then? And should he? Or was it immoral? Would he face punishment from the gods? If he did manage to pull her back out of the fountain, would she remember him? 
He didn’t know enough about life and death to know how to go about it. 
Instinctively, he did know that what was dead should stay dead. 
Also, he knew that he didn’t want any blessings! How dare the gods put such burdens on him, a teenager! What ruthless, cruel, uncaring, war mongering gods!
Hate seethed through Jacko, making him incapable of further logical thought. And he would do everything, and anything, to have nothing to do with them – even kill them- if they came near him ever again. 
There was a huge explosion. He jerked his head up toward the sky and saw red and blue streams of light that flew off toward a nearby star. Then, the whole peak, on which he sat, quaked violently, as the star was obliterated by the red beams. Waves of heat and fiery matter flew out for miles in all directions across the sky, and at a pace that could cut a whale clean in half.
Jacko knew it was the gods, warring in space. Oh, well! Let them. It was not his problem, anymore. They screwed themselves when they let his sister get killed, so they could take their prophecies and shove them. 
The snow fell down fast and hard around him, but he didn’t feel it. He remained still in a zombie-fied state for hours.  


Morning light broke, and Jacko woke from his opened eyed stupor. The snow was up to his neck. He didn’t even feel it pile up so high around him.  
He looked up to the sky and saw jets of red and blue still flying across the sky. Jacko closed his eyes and fell asleep.

Jacko couldn’t open his eyes; something cold and hard kept them shut. The ground vibrated. He remembered where he was. Someone walked around, above him, as he sat buried in the snow.  
There was the sound of loud static. It was the demons, probably tracking him. The ground quaked again, and the snow broke apart, revealing his location. Two demons tumbled off the side of the peak, as the vibrations grew stronger. 
Other demons and a few Titans close by held fast to keep from going over the side, too. Seeing Jacko, several of them and one god, clear like Pallas, sent bolts at him. Jacko didn’t flinch, and he didn’t think about it. Without moving a finger or blinking, he sent the bolts back at them, obliterating them on the spot.
The others clearly didn’t expect Jacko to demonstrate such strength and will. At once, they all sent a rain of attacks, together, all of which Jacko sent back as the ground continued to quake.
A black arm reached around his neck and yanked him out of his crevice. With uncanny strength, Jacko grabbed the demon by his neck, pulled him over his shoulder, and slammed him on the ground. Taking his palm, in a flat manner, he threw his body onto the demon, breaking through its rib cage, and pulling out its heart.
The other demons and gods stopped as they watch Jacko savagely squeeze the still beating heart, into pulp; black blood oozed out all over his palm. 
Together, they tried their best, once again, but in his rage, Jacko had become indestructible. Using power of mind, he obliterated a demon that ran at him, turning him into bits of black mince on the snow. 
The sky rained down sulfur and lightning that struck several of the demons, dead. Red and white bolts bounced off him, but he may as well have been the sun, for he was too psychotic, too enraged, to be stopped.

When three demons realized they were all that was left, they looked at each other, and then disappeared.

Gaia appeared in the form of a girl, again, but she only stood there and observed Jacko for a moment. 
She disappeared, but he heard her voice echo in the air, “Go to the orchard and get your blessing. You are strong, but you are not, yet, strong enough.”











Truth Comes to All

Chapter 13

No demons or Titans bothered him, again, up on the mountain peak. For weeks, it rained and snowed, but Jacko kept warm by a fire he’d conjured, and, sometimes, he’d take the fire outside and watch the sky.
The war raged on in space, as evidenced by the dreadful storms, but Jacko supposed there were periods of rest because, sometimes, the sun would come out and the sky would be clear of red and blue flying rays. 
Although none of Jacko’s enemies visited him, various other beings came to try and talk to him, and to convince him to seek the orchard again: Olympians, Gaia, angel creatures with messages. They tried to reason with him, tell him they were sorry about his sister. Not wanting to engage in conversation, he simply stared, motionless, into his fire. When they saw there was no getting through to him, they left.  
Now and again, it occurred to him that he should look for his siblings – that they would never give up on him the way he’d done-, but he didn’t know how or where to find them. He felt bad about sitting on his rear while they were god-knows-where and perhaps enduring god-knows-what, but he was in full rebellion. It was more important that he defy the gods than give into them when they wouldn’t lift a finger to protect him, his family, or humanity. In his own way, he did nothing as pay back to the gods, for his family.
Okay, but how lame was that? He asked himself. What a selfish person he was, to think in such a way. But, still, where would he go? What could he do with a blessing? It would change the fact that he had no clue where or how to rescue his brothers and sisters, Manlo and Althenio.
Many days passed with him on the mountain top. The weather was dreadful, but the fire burned on. Jacko magically kept the tent from caving under the weight of the snow. When he was hungry, he conjured food to him; when he was thirsty, he magically called coffee and tea to him. 
Other than sleeping a few hours through the night, he stared at his fire or the sky all day and most of the evenings and mornings. As he sat, though, his mind was hardly blank. Often, he’d recall memories of times with his mother, and stories she’d told him. 
On one particular occasion, he recalled a peculiar day when his mother, after watching him on the playground with kids, called him to her. Jacko was always a kind at heart boy, but his mother sometimes told him that he lacked virtue, and that without virtue he was doomed. On that day, several kid bullies tried to oppress Jacko who rebuffed them easily, and without temper, yet pretended not to care about his friend from class, whom the boys bullied next. Guiltily, he watched them out of the corner of his eye and wondered if he should help him. 
After watching him a few moments, unbeknownst to him, his mother pulled him aside and told him of Aristotle’s theory of a tragic hero. She told him he was a good kid, and kissed his cheek and hugged him tight, “Do not be a tragic hero. Be strong; do not deny your weakness, but understand them and work against them. Whatever you do, do not let fate wreck your life. Fight for good, and fight for your own, and stay good and end things with you on top of the world. Do you understand me, Jacko?”
He remembered she had tears in her eyes. She scared him, at that moment, and he didn’t want to disappoint or upset her more, so he nodded his head. Now he understood every word she meant. For Jacko had studied several Greek tragedies since then, at school, and he reflected how the hero’s life always went from good to worse, leaving him a sad, pitiful person. 
Was that his fate? Is that what the Fountain of Youth, really, showed Althenio? In the end, he stood alone, abandoned by everyone. He was gonna be alone and hated, if he continued on his path. 
One evening, he cleared pounds of snow from the front of his tent and sat outside to watch the sky. The war had picked up again and, once in a while, he’d see a rocket sized arm or leg fly passed the atmosphere, and he’d wonder if another god had been obliterated or simply maimed. Sometimes, a shower of space rock would cut his scalp and cheeks, and he’d wonder what planet, star, or rock had been destroyed at that moment. 
Jacko marveled at how the war mongering gods were no better, no more advanced, than man. They were millions of years old, yet were fighting the same battle, millennium after millennium. 
Of course, the demons were to blame, too, because some beings only respond to force, he thought to himself. It was not likely that talking to them or the Titans would have helped anything. As Ouranus said, they were bent on war and had sided with the demons. When beings are overruled, they, often, result to force, and perhaps that is just the nature of being alive and having desires. 
Was it the demon’s right to have a turn on Earth? Maybe. Did he want the demons to have the Earth? No. So he had no choice but to fight, and it was the same with the gods.
Contemplating these things did not make Jacko feel any better, though. Rather, thinking about them made him sick to his bones with guilt that he sat there, still. But he was mad! If the gods wanted him, then they could have at least done the one thing that would have made Jacko feel secure: protected his family. 
He conjured rice and chicken which he ate as he sat and watched the lightshow in the sky. In a red parka and matching pants with boots, he sat in a green sling back chair. A fire crackled as infrequent roars cried out from the sky. He wondered if regular humans could hear and see the commotion in the stars.
Someone was there, watching him, but he didn’t turn around. He’d had enough visitors, and if it was a demon, he’d obliterate it on the spot.

	“How long do you plan to stay here?” 
	The voice came from his right, but Jacko kept eating. He knew who it was and didn’t care.
	“This is a whole new you, and yet it is not,” he continued, “so angry and so obstinate. But, where, once, you would have been motivated to find a new way, now your anger paralyzes you, turning you into a stubborn child.”
	Jacko exhaled and wished he’d go away.
“Your anger gave you a power boost, and you frightened the demons into leaving you alone, but it won’t last you. There are bigger, older, stronger, demons and they will find you. If you think the Titans are hardened, wait till you feel the indestructible flesh of evil. You have to fight, Jacko. If you want to survive, you must go to the orchard, now.”
	Then let me die, he thought to himself. Jacko could feel Lucem looking at him, but he continued to eat.
	“So that is it, then? Let you die? I will not let you die, Jacko. You are my prodigy and I cannot let you fail. If I have to drag you out of here, I will. Understand, Jacko, that you have no free will, where I am concerned. We are not humans, but we are gods and we have responsibilities.”
	Jacko’s jaw clenched. His hands shook and his grip on his fork tightened.  
How dare Lucem talk to him that way! No free will? Who does he think he is? This is not 5,000 B.C., and he is a slave to no one, not even gods.
Whether Lucem gleaned this thought from his mind, Jacko didn’t know. Instead, he said, “Just so you know, it was I who sent Dog to you – you didn’t conjurer him-, and, yes, it was I who whispered to you; I’ve been with you every step of the way.”
	Yeah, thanks for nothing.
	“Look at me, Jacko,” Lucem squatted in front of him, making it impossible for Jacko not to see at his hardened glass blue eyes. “You need to come with me, now, before it’s too late.”
	“Can you bring back my Sissy and my father?”
	“If they’re in heaven, than you can see them whenever you want, but they probably chose to move on. Once a soul is inside the fountain, it is nearly impossible to bring it back. Besides, even if it was easy, there’s always a chance they’ve moved on to another life, already. Most souls, who are wise, do not stay long in the fountain.”
	“We can’t even try.”
	“We could but I don’t recommend it. Inside the fountain is even more confusing than here. There, people are reliving their lives, and their past lives, and, sometimes, a fantasy life more lurid than here in heaven. Many gods cannot penetrate that kind of energy. Such a journey has its danger for even the most powerful of us.”
	“What happened to her? How did she die?”
	“I don’t know, Jacko,” he said with exasperation. “You ask us questions like we know everything, but we do not, cannot, know everything. Though we are well beyond a human’s capability, gods have limitations too.”
When Jacko said nothing, he continued, “When the demons learned you were on your way to the orchard, they realized that using Sissy for a trade wasn’t going to work – that you’d come after them with the full strength of a god. They were counting on you being uninformed and foolish, but it didn’t work out that way, so they let her go. However, they had her followed, in case she ran into you, and that way they could attempt an ambush. What I do know, for certain, is she was not ordered to death by the dark gods or demons. I believe the one who followed her is, likely, responsible.”
Indignant at his response, Jacko said, “If you saw her chest, it had a big hole in it, as if she’d been struck by a bolt of antimatter. A demon killed her; it is more than likely, but it is fact! I know it!”
Lucem didn’t flinch. He looked like a lifeless statue.
“But what made her look for me at my father’s house? She knew I was in heaven.”
“Someone lured her.”
“Who? I want to know, Lucem!”
 “You may never find the demon that killed her, if it was a demon. It could have been a Titan, too.”
	“What about my half-brothers and half-sisters? Manlo and Althenio?”
	“The elders have them.”
	“What?” he sat up in his slingback.
	“Manlo and Althenio broke out of their imprisonment; they were met by Oganat who turned them over. Later, they collected the rest as you slept.”
	“Who are ‘they?’” Jacko crushed the carton in his hand.
	“They are the sons and daughters of the eldest gods, who are, now, retired.”
	“Take me to them.”
	“I cannot. Only those who are invited may visit them at the summit of the gods.”
	“What is this summit?”
	“It is the infamous Mount Olympus, but it is not reachable by anyone. We will never find it, unless we are invited, for it is shrouded in mystery.”
“How could they kidnap my family but not allow me entrance to meet them? Aren’t they on my side?”
	“Of course, but their reasons for holding them is not to protect them, but to ensure that you follow your destiny – that no demon has leverage over you. You should be grateful, for, in a way, you’ve gotten your wish.”
	“So they are safe, then?”
	“They have everything they could possibly want, and are probably watching you, as we speak.”
	“Watching me, how?”
	“Bowl of Amphitrite; an object created for special viewings.”
	Briefly, Jacko recalled a tale about a special bowl the gods would use to spy on humans. The idea that his family could be sitting somewhere watching Jacko do nothing made his muscles contract with shame.
	“How do I know that you’re telling me the truth?”
	“Look into the fire,” he stood.
	“The fire?”
	“Yes,” and he moved to sit beside Jacko.
He looked into the fire where images appeared. On each leaping flame, a piece of a scene could be seen. On one piece, Dienla and Forsi played a board game of some sort while, on another tongue of flame, he could see Manlo looking through a window. Next to him, Althenio looked like an imitation of the Lincoln statue, as he sat in a chair, looking outward and not saying or doing anything. Brain and Machine wrestled as the rest of them were preoccupied with reading or watching television. Their surroundings were blurry, but he could make out walls covered in televisions, the way they were at Oganat’s villa.
	“How do I know this is real?”
	“It is real, Jacko. I would never lie to you.”
	“But you would conceal truths from me? Which is why you set me up the way you did, isn’t it? That’s why you’ve whispered to me, but only showed yourself, now. You didn’t even have the decency to approach me after you nearly killed me by possessing my body,” he said bitterly.
	“I didn’t know if I should approach you, fully. I didn’t know if you were ready.”
	 

Lucem stood back and held out his hand to him. Jack took it and stood up, but as he grabbed Lucem’s hand, the world around him spun, and, when it settled, they were in heaven.

	“Let’s go,” he took long, fast strides along the gravel path; Jacko followed.
	“Why can you not just take us to the orchard? Why must we waste time, walking?”
	“Althenio should have explained, better, that you cannot just will yourself into sacred places; like the Fountain of Youth, you must journey there. If you do not sacrifice for the sacred, then it will not favor you. Only sacrifice is rewarded in heaven, and even gods must work for what they have. How else are we to divine the truly capable and the truly deserving?” 
“So walking is our sacrifice?”
“It is work, is it not? It is time to reflect and contemplate. A pilgrimage tests strength, knowledge, and character of an individual, as he will, undoubtedly, encounter difficulties along the way. When we get to the orchard, it will know about the sacrifice we made to get there, and especially that which you have lost. The orchard will know how we behaved and will decide if we, that is you, are worthy of favor.
	Besides, no one knows exactly where the orchard is at. Certain sacred places are shrouded in mystery so as to protect them. We can only get to them by walking to them.”
	“Who is the god in the fig orchard? Oganat didn’t get that far.”
	“He is a god of many names. Ancient hamadryade Sykea – but he is no nymph. He is a god born out of the chaos, like Gaia, whom you’ve met. He is the symbol of life, strength, and prosperity. It is fortunate to have his blessing, but he doesn’t grant many anymore. Some say he’s passed on.”
	“On where? Is there a death for gods?”
	“No, not death but he may have gone into permanent rest. Once a god loses his or her form, he or she is free to choose what they do with their life force – their energy. Some will go out in the universe and retire as a planet, some will plant themselves and feed a cause, such as the Sykea in the sacred orchard, and others may drift between unconsciousness and consciousness. 
Gaia would be an example of moving on and drifting in and out of consciousness, but there have been many gods who tired of being aware and stayed unconsciousness for so long that they no longer exist, and they cannot be pulled back from wherever their energy went; it is possible that this is what’s happened to Sykea. However, it is possible to wake from unconsciousness after millenniums, but it is hard to do.”
	“How depressing; it sounds so dark.”
	“It sounds dark but, when you live as long as a god, or longer, more permanent, rest is highly appealing. Think of it this way, you have a dream, and you keep having the same dream over and over, every five minutes forever… that is what being immortal is like.”
	“Eerily, I think I get your point, Lucem. It still depresses me, though. Will that happen to me? Will I harden, turn white, clear, and lose form?”
	“No, Jacko. Humans are lucky because they get to start over fresh. You will die because you are human and have a soul; only a few impure gods were ever born without souls and lived fully as an immortal.”
“Does Althenio have a soul?”
“No, he is one of the few.”
“Manlo?”
“Yes.”
“But how is he still alive? I understand gods age slower, but he’s been alive for centuries!”
“Millenniums ago, a person like you could live up to 1,000 years, but that rarely happens anymore. Still, be prepared, Jacko. He is less pure than you, and so you may live longer than him.”
“Oh no, I am less pure than he. My father was mortal.”
	They walked on for a long while in silence until Jacko asked, “Why me?”
	“Why are you the one who has to fight? Because you belong to me. You are the goodness I sent into the world. Once you have your blessing, you will be complete.”
	“I don’t belong to anyone!”
	“You are wrong, Jacko. It is time you know that your father was not fully mortal. Now you will know why you are bound by duty…” but Jacko interrupted.
	“My father was a mortal. I only do this to rescue my brothers and sisters, and keep them from getting hurt. After, I want nothing more to do with any of you.”
	“You can never shut out family, and you can never escape me, or where you come from.”
	Jacko’s tempered flared like a match, “Why not? You can leave me alone, as I wish. If you do not, then that is because you choose not to. Yes! I can escape you, and you can leave me be. So, tell me, why, then, won’t you leave me alone?” 
	“You are wrong, Jacko. I cannot – not ever – fully leave you because you are my son, too. You are my soul. I have been watching you your whole life. ‘And every millennium, he sends a piece of his goodness into the world.’ Remember what Oganat said?”
	When he said nothing, Lucem continued.
“A millennium ago, and for many millenniums prior, it was an honor to have the child of a god. Then, people believed in magic, the supernatural, and higher forms of life. On the woman’s wedding night, her husband would be offered up for possession, and they would lie together. The gifted child would be celebrated and given every advantage by the family and its community. 
Man has changed much in the last 1,000 years. Nearly everyone has lost their faith; even the so-called Christians do not truly believe in anything.
Over a decade ago, when I returned to the Earth to conceive again, instead of offerings, it was like I didn’t exist. There were no celebrations and no rites to welcome me back. Instead, I had to resort to finding an appropriate mother for my child, and I searched for months! 
Now, originally, I stuck to tradition and looked for a healthy, wise mortal woman, but none would have me. When I’d speak to them, they’d recoil in horror. One beautiful lady was committed by her husband, and was convinced she’d become insane. 
I still feel guilty about that.
Finding a mate was difficult, so when I found your mother, it was relief. But, as I’ve said, things have changed. Your mother didn’t look at me as a blessing, but a cursed prophecy to fulfill.
At first, she resisted me because of her love of Manlo, though they weren’t married. But she knew the fate of the world depended on her carrying you. Her grandmother told her she would give birth to the conjurer who would change the world, and save it from the demons, and her mother told her, and so did many a fortune teller. 
Still, I did not pressure her because a woman must offer herself to me. If the offspring is to be pure and good, it must be conceived in a pure and good manner. And, if she never offered herself, you would not have been born.
After contemplating me for many nights, she finally offered herself to me. She was the most honorable woman I’d ever known; she sacrificed her happiness to save you and the world. Bless her soul, Jacko. 
I took possession of Manlo. A god cannot pair with a human while in a god form, but she knew it was I, and not him. Your mother was frightened, but I held her tight.
The next morning, Manlo’s good friend, Althenio went to her with a warning. He told her that if she raised you in a house of gods, that demons would never cease coming after you – that they were already preparing to strike her home. 
She was scared for you, and knew she needed to protect you at all costs, so she put on her shoes, bundled up Sissy (her youngest at the time), and left in her automobile. Later, she met John, but your mother never got over leaving Manlo, and that is why she and John split; that is why she died, and that is why she left you behind – to protect you.”
 	Jacko stopped in his tracks and looked at him. Lucem kept walking.
	“Come on, Jacko. We haven’t time to waste,” but he stayed back.
	John was not his father, Manlo and Lucem was. His mother left him because she was trying to protect him. These thoughts repeated themselves, in a circle-like order, over and over. 
 	
Jacko wanted to destroy something; briefly, he thought about destroying Lucem. He thought about fleeing again, and returning to the peak. Lucem continued up ahead without slowing. 
Now he realized that he’d never escape this god business, whether he got rid of Lucem or not, got his blessing or not, he was sucked in for life. What if he found another mountain peak somewhere on the Earth? He could shroud in mystery, as Lucem said, and make it so no one could find him; if they tried, he’d obliterate them. 
Just leave, now, he told himself. But he put one foot in front of the other. He must continue on; he must get his blessing and receive his strength. It was what his mother saved him for, and his sister died for, and he wasn’t going to let them down. So he stuffed down his anger, down inside, and quietly followed Lucem. He stayed behind and followed him for hours until Jacko became weary. 

Without a word, he sat off to the side of the road, resting his back on the trunk of a tree. Lucem sat next to Jacko who got back up and moved ten trees further along the road.
Ten trees was not far enough because he heard clearly when he said, “I sense you are angry. You continue to contemplate escape. Still, you must understand that this is the way it has been for millenniums.”
“Screw you,” said Jacko. “The only reason I’m still here is to protect myself and my family,” but Lucem continued as if he’d said nothing.
 “If the world hadn’t changed so much, you would have had the life you’ve always wanted, and you never would have had to go through such a long, winding road of madness, but everyone who is otherworldly must live in secret now. Unfortunately, that means many people who have otherworldly destinies only find out about them when they have no choice but to be enlightened. You see, it is for their protection that they are hidden and truths withheld.” 
When Jacko didn’t reply, he said, “I didn’t want to manipulate you, and neither did your mother, it was just the way it had to be.”
Jacko remained silent.
“Can you not find happiness? A while ago, you were angry because you thought you were all alone, except for half blood relatives. Now you have full blood family.”
“It’s not the family that I want. This is not the life that I want. When we are done, you will leave me alone!”
“We can’t choose our family, Jacko.”
“I knew there was something familiar about you when you spoke to me, and when you possessed me. I could feel that you were part of me, which is why I thought you were Sissy, I guess. I felt the same way when I met Manlo. Does he know that he is my father?”
“I don’t know.”
“So was that you at the diner? Who stopped the man from hurting me?” 
“Yes, that was me. Although I spoke, often, to Sissy, too; it was I who told her to email you, after being out of touch for so many years. When you left home, weeks ago, it was I who whispered to her, which is how she knew you were in trouble. I whispered to Manlo, told him you had come into your powers and needed a home; that it was his responsibility not to let a child like you alone in the world. And it was I who told you to go to Concord that morning in the diner. You are my son, and I have never abandoned any of my children. I could never be there for you, like a normal father, but I was always watching you.”

They walked for what seemed like, forever. During which, the heavenly scenery remained unchanged for days, in Earth time, but many, many hours in heaven time.

Finally, there was a drastic change, around them, that let them know they had made it to another part of heaven: the roads became winding and the sky had a special shiny, golden tinge to it, like a marine layer. It was even more beautiful there, thought Jacko, until he looked down and saw hundreds of blackened, hacked up trees for miles, and the smell of burnt fig overwhelmed his nose.

“Did the demons beat us here?”  
Lucem walked up to the closest tree, drew down a branch, and examined its leave-less bark. He allowed the branch to snap back, and layers of char burst off and fluttered to the ground.
“Demons or Titans,” he replied.
“But how could the Titans do this to their own gods?”
“For the same reason man turned on theirs.” 
Lucem motioned to Jacko, and he followed.

They walked further into the orchard and found trees that weren’t burned up yet had been hacked down at their bases. 
Shame and guilt choked Jacko. He knew his enemies destroyed the trees to stop him from getting his blessing. If he’d come sooner, like he was told, they would have never bothered. 
He bent down to examine the trunk of a tree. Just like the ferns, they lived and, inside, the cork and heart wood were blood red. Jacko touched the bark and found the consistency was more watery than human blood. 
There was a noise behind him. He stood and turned; black shadows ran around him, tree to tree, so fast that he could not see them clearly. 
A red jewel eye peered at him from around the trunk of a tree. Jacko tried to obliterate him but couldn’t; his strength, from before when he was enraged, had left him. Since finding out Manlo and Lucem were his father, and that his mother sacrificed herself for him, he’d felt extremely sad. He supposed, like Lucem said, his power didn’t last because his rage had gone.
However, the demon must have felt his attempt to destroy him because it screamed like it was in pain. It sunk to its knees and wiggled on the ground. 
Confused, Jacko looked on and didn’t react as he should have, which was to find cover.
Something shot Jacko from behind. A moment of shock, and then extreme pain in his shoulder. He, too, sunk down to his knees.
Lucem appeared, with a furious look on his face, beside Jacko, and obliterated the demons one-by-one; although there were sounds of others fleeing. The demons must have thought Jacko would arrive at the orchard, alone. 
Though Jacko knew Lucem to be a warm being, he scared him at that moment. He turned to him, and his face had a look of rage on his face that could terrify the bravest men; a wild madness in his eyes, his skin had gone paler than the ghostliest ghost, and his hair seemed to glow a fluorescent light bulb white. 
“Up, Jacko,” he commanded.
On they continued and, though they heard footsteps and sounds all around them, the demons did not show themselves again.
	
They walked until Jacko couldn’t continue. He slept for hours, until Lucem woke him.
 
He was lying against the trunk of a tree. A hundred feet or so, in front of him, he saw an entanglement of humungous tree trunks, wrapped like vines, to form a trunk the size of 50 cranes. The tree rose high into the sky – they couldn’t even see its branches, but it stood strong; although there were signs of attack. 
The trunk was hacked at and charred.

“He is alright, but he is weak.” 
“How did we get here, suddenly?”
“I brought us. I didn’t want to waste time.”
He moaned about his aching shoulder.
“Can’t you fix this?”
“Come on,” he picked Jacko up with one arm and placed him on his feet.

They walked toward the large tree. When they got close, Jacko was amazed to see that the demons had hacked into the tree, breaking entire trunks of trees in half; they almost managed to cut through the whole thing. It looked like they’d been at it for days, and maybe even weeks. 
Jacko stood on a root, intending to get a closer look at a cut on the tree, but it crunched down to the ground, under his weight. Noticing an exposed root that expanded and contracted on the ground, he knelt, and lifted it; he could feel it struggle in his hand. Sadness overwhelmed him as he realized he’d missed his chance. 
Although not a manly thing to do, he couldn’t hold back the tears that watered up behind the film of his eyes. He had been through too much, and he had cost others too much. Now, because of his selfishness, what would he cost others? He didn’t want to end up the tragic hero.
His arm throbbed, terribly; he peeled his bloody shirt away from his arm and saw  there was a gaping hole and nearly threw up. He ripped up the lower end of his tee shirt and pressed it against the wound; the cloth soaked through with blood. Clumsily, he managed to tie the cloth onto his shoulder.
Jacko stood up, wiped his face, and looked at his blood stained hand, and a voice whispered to him.
“What?” he said. “I think it spoke to me. What?”
Jacko leant into the tree, touching it with his bloody, tear soaked hands. The whispering got louder and louder, but he couldn’t make out what it was saying.
“Stand back, Jacko,” and Lucem grabbed him. “Kneel” and he shoved him down on one knee.
The ground shook and the tree rumbled, slightly; though Jacko could tell that it struggled. 
The tree emanated heat like a radiator, a golden ray of light emanated out from the gaps in the wood-like vines. Something hit Jacko in the head, and he looked to his side and saw a gleaming gold colored fig lay on the ground. He looked up and quickly back down to be avoid being hit in the eyes, as the sky rained down golden figs. Lucem looked around, picked up a handful, ripped them open.
“Eat, Jacko, eat.”

~~~

They sat a long time on the ground.
“Will the orchard live, then?” 
	“The orchard will be fine. You gave it strength, and he was pleased, I could tell.”
	“How did I give it strength? He looked pretty weak to me.”
	“Your blood and tears, Jacko. The blessing is sealed with a blood sacrifice; he was, further, pleased because, through your tears, he saw your sacrifice. Part of your energy resonates with the orchard now.”
	They sat in silence a while longer.
	“Does this mean we go to war now?”
	Lucem stayed silent.
“What are we waiting for? Let’s get this over with!”
	“We are waiting on a sign.”
	“Why do you always leave me hanging like that? Are you gonna tell me what the sign is, or what?”
	“There is something you do not know, and that no one has told you yet. There is a demon that you are destined to fight. He is your dark opposite, like you born into the human race when a dark god possessed a dark man.”
	“You mean the demons sleep with humans to produce demonic children, just like the gods?”
	“Well, of course. Why else are some men bad while others are good? Think, Jacko, think.”
	“Will he be as powerful as I?”
	“Yes, in their world, it is the burning yard of embers that he must walk through, and then he will go on a hunter’s journey.”
	“Why must we wait? Let’s go over there and kill him now!”
	“We cannot. I know you are impatient but we have ways of doing things. We do them honorably. We agreed to let our champions get their chance to train.”
	“But they tried to kill me before I received my strength!”
	“Because they are evil, conniving demons; a lower life form, if you think about it. We must be better than they are, if we are to remain good.”
	“You know, I really don’t feel all that different. Are you sure the blessing worked? I don’t think I have the power of a god.”
	“Try it, now. Go ahead heal your arm.”
	“How?”
	“Just think about it.”
	
	He looked at his arm and imagined it was whole, like before. A gold light gleamed from it, like the way the tree did, and it was gaping no more.
	
	“I suppose I always knew there was more to this than just going to war, for me. I’m not totally surprised that I have to fight some evil creature, as that’s how it always goes in the old Greek tragedies,” he sighed. “So what do we do in the meantime?”
	“In the meantime, I want to take you somewhere, and then we can visit your family on the mountain; there, we will get you into training.”
	“Oh so I’m invited to the mountain now?”
	“You are a god now, so they cannot deny you.”
“Where will you take me, first?”
	“I will show you my life, and my world; how things came to be. It is important that you understand who I am, and who you are, and what we must represent.”
	“Take my hand,” but Jacko hesitated.
	“I will bring you back. You are my son, and I would never hurt you.”
	Reluctantly, he extended his arm and as the tips of his finger touched the back of Lucem’s palm, they were off in a whirl, like being swept away in tornado. 




Due to the length of the original novel, the story has been divided. The second part to Jacko’s adventures is scheduled for release in 2012.

All rights belong to Jamie Ott.

To contact the author direct, please email her at ladysonoma@americamail.com, or check her author page on Facebook.
More about the author: 

Jamie Ott is passionate about the fantasy genre of young adult literature. She has been sketching out this story for years. Currently, she is the published author of young adult novel, Maternal Absence and, soon to be released, Funk’s the Chocolate Loving Demon. Last year, she published her first romance novel, Misguided Trust.























