  



Aeternum
By Lawrence A. Votee




Text copyright © 2013 Lawrence A. Votee
Smashwords Edition All Rights Reserved
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents
Dedication
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
About the Author
Acknowledgement
 



Dedication
To my son Darien and my daughter Angelina, every breath I take I owe to you. You are the most amazing people I have ever known and you are my most favorite people in the world. I love you both more than I could express in a thousand lifetimes. Thank you.
To my beautiful wife, Tara, your smile is one of infinite inspiration. I don’t know that I would be where I am today without you. I love you beautiful
Chapter 1

Lucian Solis was a normal teenager by most accounts. Tall for his age, about 6’ 4”, Lucian was a formidable looking young man. His build was athletic and muscular, though he played no sports and participated in no exercise routines other than what was required for his gym class. Every physical aspect of the young man seemed symmetrically chiseled and his impressive form, long raven hair, and eyes of a deep royal blue, garnered him plenty of attention from his female classmates, a couple of teachers as well. But he paid no mind to any of them. It was as though they were nothing more to him than things he tried not to bump in to. Given his impeccable good looks, he dressed quite simply. Loose fit jeans, a t-shirt, a pair of Timberlands and during the colder months a military pea coat over a hoodie, were the uniform he used to navigate society. He cared nothing for fashion or what was “in” but seemed to be the type of person these clothes were designed for as every thread fit his height, his stance, and his muscular frame to perfection. 
At 18 years old his soul felt somehow broken, as if it had seen more in its short life than the old withered faces that inhabited most small shop porches in his little rural town. His was a tired soul. He felt as though his heart lied heavier than it should for a man of such a young age, something he often attributed to teen angst or small town boredom. Lucian carried within him a deep and painful sadness…and a terrible rage, both of which he hid from others quite well. He didn’t know where these feelings came from and couldn’t remember a time when he was without them. He just knew they were a part of him and he accepted it. 
Considering his constant inner turmoil, Lucian was a polite and respectful young man, even though people held no interest for him. His only two friends, Connor and Alina, and the man who raised him, his grandfather, were the only exceptions. To him, Gramps was the one person he felt closest to in the whole world. He attributed that to the old soul he felt they shared. He had no memory of his mother and father and figured early on that they either died or just didn’t want him. He never asked his grandfather about them nor was any part of him bitter about his circumstance. He simply felt more cared for than most other kids with parents and in that department was completely content with his situation. The old man taught him how to fish, hunt, ride a bike, drive, and hold his head high, all the things a young man should know. Lucian never felt as though he had missed out by not having parents, Gramps was all he needed. There had never been a time when he was too busy for him and never once was his grandfather not there when he needed him. Gramps had been his best friend since he took his first step. The same held true for his grandfather. Lucian was all he needed and all he cared about.  He looked upon his grandson with great pride…and great sorrow, for he knew why Lucian’s heart lied so heavily. One of their favorite things to do together was lay out in the grass in the back yard and stare for hours at all the stars in the sky. During these times, when Lucian was just a boy, Gramps would tell him fantastic stories about legendary warriors from distant worlds and the great battles they waged. It was in these stories that Lucian first learned of honor, bravery, and courage. It was one of the rare occasions when he felt a sense of peace and it was in these wonderful stories that his grandfather felt some sense, however slight, of atonement. 
Lucian spent most days alone reading or listening to music. His favorite types of music were both classical and slow songs with a heavy message of heart-break. His friends had a field day picking on him for the music he listened to. Lucian didn’t care. He liked the music he listened to, it seemed to ease the emptiness he felt, at least for a short time.  The books he read consisted of astronomy, poetry, philosophy, and military history. He seemed fascinated by military history the way other kids his age were fascinated with the Internet. The stories of combat, perseverance, and warfare were like lullabies to him. Historic heroes like Leonidas, Alexander the Great, Musashi, and Sun Tzu felt more to him like kindred spirits than figures throughout history. He would at times, spend hours lost in thought. One recurring theme he pondered quite often was why he felt no attachment to any people other than his two friends and grandfather. Lucian always came to the conclusion that he had already met the only people that would ever matter to him and as such, was fiercely protective of them.
 	He had known Alina since they were six. Since their first day of kindergarten they were inseparable. Lucian saw his friend grow from a small opinionated tomboy into a beautiful young woman…still very much a tomboy. Alina was not like the other girls at their school. They often seemed overly preoccupied with looks and status as they’d check and reapply too much make-up in between classes. She was well read, very intelligent, and never afraid to tell someone what was on her mind. In an effort to lessen her tough image, her parents got her involved in music at a very young age. She took to it instantly and mastered every instrument she laid her hands on. Lucian’s favorite was the cello. He could listen to her play for hours and sometimes did. Alina was always the star performer at school concerts but if had not been for Lucian sitting front row at every one of them she would not have taken part at all. It was because of her musical gifts that their school had received such incredible amounts of funding over the years. Alina hated the attention but Lucian told her once that those with a gift are responsible for sharing it, especially if it brings happiness to others. After that, she didn’t mind it so much. 
Lucian met Connor when they were twelve. Connor was the new kid at school and the fact that he was often found face deep in a book more advanced than what the teachers were teaching made him a prime target for those lower on the evolutionary scale. He was also a professional smart ass and used his cutting sarcasm as defense against those who bullied him. Until one day when Alina saw some boys picking on him during lunch. Connor employed his biting wit and earned a hard fist to the gut. As he dropped to the floor Alina calmly walked up to the largest of the bullies and told him that if he ever bothered the new kid again she would make him eat a lunch tray. He believed her and they backed off, for a while. She introduced him to Lucian saying, “Here’s the new kid, he’s a smart ass who reads too much.” She then turned to Connor and said, “This is Lucian. Don’t let his size fool ya, his favorite movie is The Notebook.” 
Lucian and Connor became fast friends and shared their love of philosophy and history, often spending hours in highly intellectual debate. He watched his friend continue to grow from an awkward and shy nerdy type into a confident and profoundly intelligent young man, who himself attracted plenty of attention from their female classmates. When Lucian was fourteen he found out that Connor had been beaten up pretty severely by some older kids after school one day.  Connor had begun tutoring one of their girlfriends and much like many girls, was quite attracted to Connor’s dashing looks, eloquent use of language, and obvious intelligence. She had become a bit friendlier with him than she should have and Connor, being the stand up guy he was, denied her advances because she had a boyfriend, a fact that didn’t seem to matter to her. She grabbed Connor and pulled him in to a kiss just as her boyfriend and his friends walked into the classroom. She jumped back at the interruption and immediately accused Connor of being the aggressor. The five of them attacked Connor, who was about half their size. As they threw him around the room crashing into desks and walls, he refused to fight back. Even as they punched and stomped him repeatedly he would not fight back. Connor was not the fighting type. He believed everything could be resolved with ideas, words, and intelligence. They left him there bloody and bruised. A teacher found him about an hour later and called the paramedics. Connor was rushed to the hospital with three broken ribs, a fractured cheek bone, and a gash above his right eye.
When questioned about the attack, the boys denied it vehemently and all had one another to back up each other’s story. When Lucian found out, something in him snapped. To Lucian though, it felt more like something awoke. He knew his friend would not make up something like that and the overwhelming desire for revenge became too much. Lucian found his friend’s assailant’s on the field at school conducting football practice. He walked across the field and up to one of the boys who began to shout, “Get off the field assho..!” His request interrupted by a vicious right hook leaving him unconscious on the ground and with a jagged split up the side of his helmet. Another boy who had assisted in the beating of his friend attempted to tackle him from behind. Lucian heard him coming, spun around, and threw a leg kick that snapped the boy’s leg in three places. By the time Lucian was done, two more boys had broken arms and the girl’s boyfriend, the largest of the gang, was left with a fractured collarbone, four broken ribs, a dislocated jaw, and two broken arms.
Lucian was arrested but let go only an hour later. The girl Connor was tutoring showed up at the police station with a black eye, split lip, and missing a front tooth eager to explain what really happened. The boys’ parents decided not to press any charges after hearing what their kids had done to Lucian’s friend. That day, when Alina and his grandfather picked him up from the police station he had no reprimanding words for Lucian. All he said to him was, “You protect what you care about…at all costs.” Lucian heard him loud and clear as he looked at Alina in the backseat, smiling at her newly freed friend. He smiled back and decided not to mention anything about the swollen knuckles on her left hand. Lucian often wondered how what he did that day came so easy to him and how he felt no remorse for what he had done to those boys. During the melee, Lucian gave almost no thought to what he was doing. It felt to him like reflex and all he wanted to do was cause them more pain than they had caused his friend. He succeeded and one thing became clear that day. No matter where they were or what they were doing, the three of them would always be there for one another. They would never allow anyone to get away with hurting one of them. Without saying a word, perhaps not even knowing it themselves, they had silently sworn to protect each other for the rest of their lives.
Chapter 2

“Luc let’s go, we’re gonna be late.” Connor yelled from the driveway as he and Alina waited for their friend. They would meet him every morning and walk the mile to school together.
 “Could you be any slower?” Connor asked feigning annoyance. 
“I’m not slow, I’m deliberate.” Lucian quipped back.
 “Don’t start you two, it’s too early and there’s no caffeine in my system.” Alina added as the three of them set off for school. 
“So big guy, what do you have planned for the summer?” Connor asked.
 “I don’t know man. I haven’t given it much thought. Maybe get a summer job or something.” Lucian replied, his mind elsewhere.
 “Whaddya mean you haven’t given it much thought? This is our last summer together. We should do something fun, like a road trip.” Connor replied excitedly. “You think Gramps would let you use his truck?”
 “I don’t know, probably. Where would we go?” Lucian answered.
“As far away from this place as possible.” Alina interjected. “I can’t stand it here anymore. It’s like living in a diet soda or old jeans commercial. It’s always dusty, the old people look at you like they’ve never seen other people before, and most of the people at school are the douchiest of douche bags.”
Connor and Lucian began to laugh wildly at their friend’s rant, which she didn’t intend to be funny.
 “Aww Al, don’t worry. We’ll get you outta here. Won’t we big guy?” 
“Yeah, we’ll figure it out.” The two assured as they each put a comforting arm around her.
A short while later the trio rounded the corner by the old library, a place Lucian spent much of his time growing up, and with the school in sight just a few blocks away, Lucian noticed a girl staring at him from down the street, half hiding but almost wanting to be noticed.
 	“Who’s that girl over there?” Lucian asked.
 “What girl?” Connor replied, excitedly pushing to the front of their little group.
 “Over there, across the street from the coffee shop, I’ve never seen her before”.
 His friends looked in the direction Lucian had nodded in.
“Man, I don’t see any girl.” Connor exclaimed disappointedly.
 “She was right there. How didn’t you see her?” Lucian asked.
“You’re seeing things man.” Connor replied.
“I don’t care what you’re seeing.” Alina interjected. “All I wanna see is that sweet, sweet cup of caffeine.”
“Settle down Al, we’ll get ya your fix.” Connor assured as they headed for the coffee shop. 
Lucian held the door for his friends as he continued to scan the streets for the girl who seemingly vanished into thin air, before entering behind his friends. The abundant aroma of freshly ground coffee and various baked goods filled the air with the magical scent Alina often thought heaven smelled like. This was her second favorite part of the day, her first being when the three of them all met up in the morning. Something she would never let the guys in on as she thought it my damage her tough image. It didn’t matter though because they knew…and they felt the same way too.
 As they stood in line waiting to make their order, the voices filling the Magic Bean Café became nothing more to Lucian than a blur of background noise amidst the clicking and clacking of laptop keys. He continued to stare out the large, etched café windows looking for the mysterious girl when suddenly she reappeared. Walking out from behind a parked delivery van, she walked slowly down the street all the while staring directly at Lucian. He immediately felt something in his gut. He felt as though he were somehow connected with her and instantly charged out the door to go talk to her, but as quickly as he had made it to the street, she had disappeared…again.
Connor and Alina soon made their way out to Lucian still standing on the sidewalk with a confused look on his chiseled face. 
“What are you doing?” Connor asked as he handed a cup to Lucian.
“I saw her again.” He answered taking the large drink from his friend.
“I think somebody needs a girlfriend.” Alina added before taking a sip of her double mocha latte with extra whip cream. Lucian shot her a frustrated glance.
“Is this a…“ He started to ask before being interrupted in unison by his friends.
“Large black tea, honey, not sugar, almond milk not cream. Yes Lucian.”
“Alright, alright, no need for the hostility.” He responded. They continued on their way to school, Lucian’s mind already racing as to who the girl was and how she disappeared so quickly. 
“Did you hear back from your dream school?” Alina asked Connor.
 “Yeah, what’s goin’ on with that?” Lucian added
 “Nah, not yet, but I’m pretty sure I got it.” Connor answered his friends query into the school he was applying for. 
“You know he only wants to go to Oxford for the British girls, right Al?”
“I know.” She replied like a disappointed parent. “You know he already turned down MIT for his Brit fetish, right?” She continued.
“What?” Lucian exclaimed, stopping dead in his tracks.
To say Connor was a very bright young man would be a huge understatement. Half the teachers at school loved that they were a part of his academic success and the other half weren’t very fond of him at all, probably due to his constantly correcting them in front other students and faculty. Lucian often felt that that was one of the things that connected him most to Connor. Lucian himself was quite brilliant, more so in fact, but given the protective nature he had of his friends, would never speak about it. The two young men would often spend hours contemplating the universe’s most puzzling questions like, What’s the meaning of life?, Is there life on other planets?, and Why exactly are the Kardashian’s so famous? Lucian felt that his connection to Alina, who was also very bright, was due to her courage and fearlessness. In sixth grade she saw three rather burly girls bullying one of her classmates quite ferociously in the locker room after gym class. Alina proceeded to beat up two of the girls using the third girl as her instrument of justice, a feat so impressive to the Principal, she received nothing more than a slap on the wrist. Lucian found this to be admirable, impressive, and quite amusing. Each day he grew more and more proud of the people his friends were growing into and felt privileged that they were his best friends.
“That’s not the reason.” Connor stated as his two friends gave him a disbelieving look.
“Well, that’s not the only reason.” He corrected himself.  
A few minutes later they arrived at school and as they all had different classes, went their separate ways, agreeing to meet back up at lunch. Lucian walked down the hall towards his first class of the day thinking only about the girl he saw earlier, who seemed to be equally focused on only him. He had noticed girls checking him out all the time but this, this was different. She didn’t look at him the same as all the other girls.
Chapter 3

Later that day in the cafeteria, Lucian poked aimlessly at soggy tater tots with his water spotted fork while his friends went on about graduation, summer jobs, and getting out of their small town. He had been lost in no particular thought when something told him to look up. As he did, he caught a glimpse of the mystery girl he had seen earlier that day, pass by in the hall looking in his direction. He ran to catch up with her but by the time he made it to the hallway, she was gone.
 	Lucian spent most of the time in his remaining classes that day mentally recalling every feature of the mysterious girl, in the hopes he might remember why she seemed so familiar. She was tall and slender with the athletic build of a runner or swimmer. Her hair was long and hellfire red and seemed to frame the beauty of her lightly sun kissed face as it cascaded over her shoulders, and her eyes, her eyes were like pools of liquid emerald. The red leather jacket she wore outlined the curves of her statuesque frame as if it were painted on. Her black cargo pants and military style boots gave the impression that she was quite capable of handling herself should her stunning beauty attract the wrong kind of attention. 
But what stood out the most to Lucian was the look she had on her face. It was a look of relieved recognition coupled with an overwhelming sense of pain or possibly the knowledge of something awful. Lucian couldn’t tell exactly, based on the short amount of time in which he saw her and what troubled him further, was that feeling that he knew her, though he was certain he had never seen her before. She was familiar to him and not knowing why overwhelmed his razor sharp mind with feelings he had never known.
 In his last class of the day, the teacher droned on about principles of U.S. Government and the democratic ideal while Lucian sat hunched over at his desk, fingers clasped and folded, resting on his mouth. He had no interest whatsoever in politics. He felt politicians chose their jobs because they were too afraid to fight in the wars they were often responsible for starting. He had no respect for people who could send others to war, but would not fight themselves and believed that whoever made the decision should be at the front lines as example to those who might follow behind him. He instead turned his attention to the beautiful day taking place just outside the window. He noticed how the light summer breeze gently swayed the branches of the large valley oak residing in front of his alma mater. He listened as the songbird’s beautiful medley drowned out the talk of government. He was still thinking the thoughts that had occupied his mind all day when a figure leaned out from behind the tree and looked directly at him.
 “It’s her.” Lucian exclaimed loudly as if he were the only one in the room. 
The class erupted in laughter at Lucian’s outburst. The mystery girl from earlier that day had reappeared and Lucian had no plans of letting anything get between him and her, not the desks between him and the door, not the two flights of stairs leading to the front entrance of the school, which he seemed to take in two simple leaps, and certainly not the convoy of buses lining up in front of the school which he fluidly dashed in between. He cleared all obstacles and was at the tree in mere seconds but she was gone…again. He saw no point in returning to the class he so abruptly interrupted, so he decided to head home.
 On the way, he chose a different route than the one he took with his friends earlier that morning, a field that he normally travelled when by himself. He liked going this way. It took a bit more time to get home but it was far away from any roads and as such, was very quiet. In a large clearing surrounded by a dense tree line only the three of them knew how to navigate, the smell of the undisturbed soil, the sound of the wind tickling the tops of the untamed grass, and the occasional scent of wild flowers were very relaxing to him. It was his reason for coming this way as it allowed him uninterrupted time with his thoughts. He had realized, rather quickly, just how relaxed he had become as he heard the sound of someone treading very lightly just a couple of feet behind. The sound of deliberately soft steps would normally be quite inaudible if it were not for the fact that Lucian was very much attuned with his senses. Someone or something was trying quite purposely to get close to him. Lucian reacted explosively by throwing a powerful back fist that was quickly grabbed, stopping the blow’s momentum instantly. As his body turned with the punch what he saw surprised him.
“You.” He exclaimed with a hint of excited confusion as he laid his eye upon the mystery girl. 
“You’re not as strong as you should be.” She responded, in what Lucian thought to be a British accent, while still holding his arm. He was surprised that his immediate thought upon hearing her voice was, Oh Connor’s gonna love this.
“What? Who are you?” He asked, taking back ownership of his limb. 
“You don’t recognize me?” She asked disappointedly.
 “Should I?” He answered.
“Maybe not in this form.” She realized looking herself over.
“You are Lucian?” She inquired, now looking him over head to toe, seemingly unimpressed. 
Her reaction to his appearance was one he had never encountered. Anytime he had interacted with a girl, it was always the same response. They would look him over head to toe, twirl their hair, softly bite their lip, and almost always forget what they were going to say. She did none of this. Instead, she circled him, still looking him over head to toe, but not like the other girls, more like she was sizing him up or comparing him to some other idea she had of what he should look like. Slightly confused, he answered, “Yes, and you are?”
 “My name is Etria.” She answered returning to his front and facing him. Quickly she grabbed his face and stared deeply into his eyes as though she were looking for something. After a few minutes of this and the accompanying uncomfortable silence, a slight smile seemed to appear on her face as she softly whispered, “There you are.” with what sounded like relief. She quickly composed herself and took a step back, still looking him straight in his deep blue eyes.
“You must come with me right now.” She ordered.
 “Go with you where?” Lucian questioned.
 She tilted her head and looked at him confused and somewhat saddened before answering.
“Home.” She said.
“I was just headed there before you showed up and…” He started.
 	“Make no mistake! This place is not your home…and your name is not Lucian.” She said bitterly and with a sneer in her lip as though his name tasted badly in her mouth. 
“I do not know what has happened but this…” She said motioning to him from head to toe. “…this is not you.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Lucian had become quite frustrated with her odd statements. 
“You know what? I don’t even care.” He continued throwing his hands up.
“I don’t know you, I don’t know how you know me, but that’s a bit creepy, I think it best if you just go your way and I’ll go mine.” 
“This place has made you soft.” She snapped at him again. This time impatiently and with such viciousness Lucian instinctively changed his stance into one more ready to fight.
 	“Luc. Wait up.” Connor’s voice broke the tension as he had caught up with him and was about to make his way through the tree line into the field. 
Frustrated, Etria compromised. “Meet me here tomorrow night, I’ll explain what I can, but know we are running out of time. They need you…she needs you.” Her voice almost broke as she gave him those last three words.
And as quickly and silently as she appeared, she was gone.
Chapter 4

 “Hey man, you wanna tell me what made you haul ass outta class today?” Connor inquired almost out of breath as he approached Lucian. 
“I saw her again.” Lucian said, half answering the question while still mostly confused as to what Etria had said to him. 
“Saw who…ohhhh!” Connor said, already knowing the answer. “You’re imaginary lady friend.” He chuckled. 
“She’s not imaginary! I was just talking to her before you showed up.” Lucian replied.
“Whatever you say man, I totally believe you.” Connor said sarcastically.
“She must be fast.” He added with continued sarcasm while looking around the empty field. “So anyway, listen. I’m glad it’s just the two of us here because there’s something I wanna tell you.”
 “What’s up?” Lucian replied as the two started walking.
“You know I’ll be leaving at the end of the summer and I just wanted you to know that uh…I couldn’t have asked for a better friend.” He said with more sincerity than Lucian’s ever heard come from him.
 “Truth is, I consider you more of a brother than a friend and I just wanted you to know that. I also wanted to say thank you.”
 “For what?” Lucian asked. 
“For standin’ up for me when those assholes jumped me a while back. No one’s ever stood up for me like that before and we’ve never even talked about it. I know that you could have gotten in a lot of trouble and I…”
Connor grabbed Lucian’s arm stopping him mid stride and looked him straight in the eyes, “Thank you.” He said.
 Lucian put his hand on his friend’s shoulder, “No worries man.” He replied. “Anytime.”
 Lucian went on. “So are we supposed to make out now or something, because I am not cool with that?” The two friends exploded with laughter which echoed throughout the vast field. 
“You’re a dumbass.” Connor replied still laughing heartily. 
A few minutes later they reached the tree line and made their way through to the main road.
 “So what do you got goin’ on right now? You wanna come over and plan this road trip? Connor asked. 
“I gotta talk to my grandfather about some things. I’ll call you later and we’ll figure it out.” Lucian told his friend.
“Sounds good man. Later.” Connor replied as he broke off down the single lane dirt road heading home. Lucian’s casual pace became a slow jog. He wanted to get home and talk to his grandfather about the encounter with Etria. Gramps was the wisest person Lucian knew and would probably be able to shed some light on the situation, or at least notify the proper authorities that a crazy person had approached his grandson.
 “Gramps! You home?” Lucian inquired loudly as he entered through the front door. 
“I’m out back.” A gruff but friendly voice echoed from the back yard and travelled quickly through the house. Lucian dropped his backpack, kicked it to the side, and headed towards the back door.
“You busy right now?” 
Lucian asked approaching his Grandfather who was tending to the vast and vibrant array of flowers he grew. He always thought it a bit funny that a man as big and imposing as Gramps spent so much time tending to a garden, but Lucian knew it was because of the serenity it brought him. Gramps was barrel chested and taller than Lucian by a few inches. Connor would sometimes refer to him as “Jacked Santa”, because of his size, always friendly demeanor, and frost white beard. Never in front of Gramps though. Mostly out of respect but a little out of fear. 
“Never too busy for you kiddo. What’s going on?” Gramps asked, setting his soil laden work gloves on the picnic table and sitting across from Lucian.
 Before he continued, Lucian already began to feel better in the company of his Grandfather, who was the most kindhearted person he knew. He always met Lucian with a warm smile on his face, one that would quickly spread to Lucian, and in any conversation with his grandson always gave his complete attention. Though Gramps was friendly to everyone, whenever Lucian needed him, it was as if nothing else in the world existed.
 “I met this girl today.” Lucian started.
 “Is that so?” Gramps responded smiling.
 Lucian continued to tell his grandfather the story of the mystery girl who had eluded him for most of the day, their encounter in the field, and all the cryptic things she had said to him. Then Lucian told him how he felt like he knew her somehow but he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. It was during that part of the story that the expression on Gramps’ face began to change from the warm, welcoming smile to one of shock and concern.
 	“Lucian, you listen to me very closely.” He interrupted. “You must stay as far away from her as possible.  Do you understand me?” 
Lucian couldn’t answer. He had never seen his grandfather so shaken nor had he ever heard him react so sternly to him. It startled him. 
 “Do you understand me Lucian?” His grandfather repeated loudly as he slammed his hand on the table. 
“Yeah, yes sir?” Lucian stammered out in response. His grandfather stood up, looked at his grandson for a moment, and then hurriedly walked away as if all of a sudden there were somewhere he had to be. Lucian sat there alone for quite a while wondering if Gramps’ reaction was one of his grandson being approached by a crazy person or if there were something more he wasn’t being told. He began leaning toward the latter.
Chapter 5

 The next morning, Lucian left home a bit earlier than usual. With graduation only a day away and nothing he needed to be there for, he decided to ditch school and instead go to a place very special to him, a spot down by the river where he and Gramps used to go fishing. Gramps was the only other person who knew about this particular spot and it was quite difficult to reach. When he would take Lucian there, he would always say, “There’s so many trout here they’ll jump right in the boat.” Lucian would always laugh when he said that because they never fished from a boat nor did they ever catch, let alone see, any fish. The closest they ever got was the day an angry bullfrog blocked their path. However, something about his grandfather saying that just made him laugh so hard. Lucian smiled as he recalled that memory. Spending time here with his grandfather was more about getting away from the world than it was about catching anything.
Sitting by that river with its infinite movement made him feel very still, very grounded, and afforded him the opportunity to think about the events of the previous day. Lucian tried to figure why, out of all the girls who had ever approached him, was this one different. He knew it was not a romantic feeling, even though she was far more beautiful than any girl he had seen before, he just didn’t see her in that light. He thought long and hard about all the people he had ever met and couldn’t place her. What was it about her that was so familiar, so comfortable even considering their odd encounter with one another? His thoughts immediately centered on what Etria had said to him. That this place wasn’t his home and that his real name wasn’t Lucian. How could that even be? It seemed obvious that she knew more about him than he knew about himself, but how? Her voice echoed inside his head. What the hell could she have meant? He thought to himself. Am I from Idaho?  Was I left on Gramps’ doorstep?  He thought jokingly.
 It was what else she said that jarred him out of his humorous state, “They need you…she needs you.” Who are they? Who is she and why do they all need me? While the questions flooded his mind and left his emotions in turmoil, what stung and confused most was his grandfather’s reaction. Why did he get so mad? Lucian asked himself. For as giant a man as his grandfather was, Lucian had always known him to be a soft spoken and patient man. A big ol’ teddy bear, he thought. He had never seen Gramps get angry over anything, why so much so over some girl? It had startled him. 
Lucian found himself confused and overwhelmed with thoughts and emotion. He didn’t like feeling that way, not one bit. It angered him to not have control over the events around him, but more so over the feelings within him. Even though he had always felt heavy hearted, and as though he were a prisoner in his own body, he never let that affect him, his mood, or his personality. But now, with all these thoughts ravaging his mind, he could feel that it was showing. I have to know. He thought to himself. He decided to meet Etria that night and demand answers. He decided to stay by the river until nightfall. He thought it best to avoid Gramps on the off chance he might somehow deter him from meeting Etria and getting answers. For hours he sat there, imagining every conceivable bombshell she could possibly drop on him. But with every situation he could think of, he always came to the same conclusion. It didn’t matter. Although he still wanted to know, he decided that no matter what it was she would tell him, he was who he was. He had his friends, he had Gramps, and as far as he was concerned, nothing else mattered. The shade of night crept in quietly as Lucian stood and left the riverbank. With tightness in his gut, he headed for the field.
Chapter 6

A cool breeze swept across the tall grass enveloping Lucian who, wearing only jeans, a t-shirt, and tan Timberlands, couldn’t have felt it less. His mind was still racing as to what the strange girl might tell him. His heart pounded heavily in his chest as though it were knocking on the door to his soul. The lack of moonlight that night made the field barely visible but Lucian heard her approach.
 	“You’re not as quiet as you try to be.” He spoke, seemingly to the darkness.
 “Though your senses are greatly dulled here, they are still superior to the human’s.” Her voice replied in that elegant English accent as her statuesque frame seemed to slide out of the darkness. 
 “But I am human.” He exclaimed in a tone that sounded like he was trying to convince himself. “Why do you speak to me as though I’m something different and as though humans are somehow lesser? You’re human.”
“Because you are…because they are and I…I am most certainly not.” She answered defiantly and with a sense of arrogant pride. 
“Take your friends for instance, the male, he is not as intelligent as he thinks he is, nor is the female as strong as she believes herself to be. They simply carry with them the same false notion that because they are at the top of the food chain here, they must be everywhere else.” Her tone conveyed provocation. She seemed intent on getting some kind of rise out of Lucian. 
“I don’t know who you think I am but I assure you, if you speak ill of my friends again you will regret it.” He warned.
 	“In this form you pose no threat to me.” She responded scanning the dark surroundings. 
“In this form… you know what lady, I’m done with all this. You’re obviously not all there, so just stay the hell away from me and my friends. I should’ve known better than to come here. What the hell was I thinking?” 
Lucian asked himself out loud as he turned and began to walk away. In an instant she was directly behind him grabbing his arm in an attempt to turn him around. 
“Don’t you turn your back on me.” She said with a vicious frustration.
 	Upon feeling her first finger touch his arm, Lucian reached back with incredible speed and without so much as turning his head, grabbed her by the neck, and brought her crashing down on her back in front of him.
 “Don’t you ever touch me.” He advised quite calmly. 
Etria responded with a smile. She got her desired response and now it was time to see if Lucian was who she thought he was.  Her fist shot skyward toward his chin and when it made contact, sounded like a crack of lightening. This sent Lucian flying into the air and then crashing down hard on his back yards away. He was shaken. No one had ever hit him before, let alone this hard. The rage that filled his body was intoxicating. He immediately leapt to his feet and felt an incredible strength surge through every muscle in his body. Everything around him seemed to slow down…everything except her.
She charged across the field. Her head was low and her eyes focused like a lioness stalking her prey. Seeing this, Lucian clenched his jaw tight and sprinted towards her. He was moving faster than he ever had before, determined to hit his target. In mid stride Etria clenched her fist and reared back ready to hit her mark with the power and precision that would surely end the fight. Lucian saw this and at precisely the right time, lowered his head catching his opponent in the stomach with his shoulder and violently tackling her to the ground. The thunderous crack was heard again and the two of them slammed into the field sliding and leaving a trench in their wake. 
This caught Etria completely by surprise and Lucian seized the opportunity. He reared back his fist while still atop his downed opponent, sure that the next blow would be the last. 
“Enough!” A loud voice boomed across the field. 
Lucian knew this voice and immediately halted his action. He stood quickly and turned his attention towards his grandfather.
 	“I told you not to come here. I told you to stay away from her!” He said sternly as he passed Lucian and headed towards the downed girl who was now beginning to sit up.
 Gramps extended his hand in an offer to help her to her feet, an offer she accepted.
 	“Why are you here?” He questioned Etria in a tone more stern than that he had used with his grandson. She responded by kneeling and bowing her head.
“My apologies sir, it’s just that… he is needed.” She said sincerely as she raised her eyes to see his response.
“Get up.” Gramps said noticeably softer while again extending his hand to help the young girl to her feet. He stared at her for a moment, not saying a word. Finally he let out an exhausted sigh and spoke.
 “He knows only that of his life here and should by no means go with you. There’s no good reason. It would be a death sentence.” The old man stated.
“Uhh, hello? I’m right here.” Lucian interrupted, now completely confused at his grandfather’s reaction to Etria.
“What the hell is going on? Death Sentence? Death Sentence! Why are you bowing to my grandfather? Why are you helping her up, she attacked me. How do you hit so hard? How did I run so fast? Did you see how fast I was running? What the hell is going on here? Do you know her? Lucian barraged the two with questions as his mind couldn’t seem to make any sense of what was going on.
Gramps put his hand on Lucian’s shoulder. “Come. Etria and I will explain at home.” 
He knew exactly who she was. 
Chapter 7

Back at home the fire crackled in the stone fireplace as Lucian paced back and forth, periodically looking out the large picture window into the backyard. Etria and his grandfather were speaking privately out there. He couldn’t make out what they were saying but their body language displayed intensity and importance. Etria kept moving her hands as though she were trying to explain something important. Gramps had his arms folded across his chest and every couple minutes would just shake his head in the “not a chance” kind of way. After a bit more of this back and forth Etria said something that made his grandfather change his demeanor. Neither of them spoke or gestured for a few moments, when suddenly Gramps looked at her and nodded his head, seemingly in agreement with something. It looked like they reached some type of compromise as they turned and headed back towards the house. 
“Would you care to start?” Gramps asked Etria as they approached Lucian waiting impatiently in the sitting room. She turned to Lucian and, with great sincerity, began. 
“Your name is not Lucian…it is Ryaal. You are High General of the Thousand Armies and Commander of the Royal Guard. You are true heir to the throne of Akiria and you have been exiled from your real home. A home that if you were to ever return, would mean your death.”
 Lucian was quiet for a moment and then erupted with laughter. 
“Yeah right.” He exclaimed. He looked at Etria whose expression held only truth. 
“You’re screwing with me…right?” Lucian looked at his grandfather for confirmation that this was some type of joke but his attention was directed only towards adding another log to the fire. 
“Come on…this can’t be real.” Lucian said, in complete disbelief of what he was being told. 
“I am not finished.” Etria informed. 
“Oh, by all means continue. This could only get better.” Lucian replied.
“Your father and brothers are planning to declare war on the Ishra and have taken Kara as both prisoner and example.” Her words were met with a blank expression. Gramps turned from the fire, looked at his grandson, and then directed his gaze at her.
 	“I told you, he knows only of his time here. His soul conscious had to be kept outside of his human form. If it were left within him when we arrived, it would’ve torn him to shreds mentally and physically. He needed to grow properly from human infant to adult and I’m not sure giving it to him now would do anything but turn him into a vegetable.” Upon hearing his grandfather’s words, Lucian’s jaw dropped. 
“Seriously, what the hell is going on here? You guys are freaking me out.” Lucian’s tone had become one of shock and seriousness as he continued. 
“You mean to tell me I have a father and brothers? And I am the true king of a place called Akiria? And what exactly is an Ishra for that matter? And who’s Kara?” He questioned.
 	The sound of shattering glass had broken Lucian’s line of questions. Etria had dropped the cup of tea Gramps had given her and it was Lucian’s last question that caused this to happen. Etria turned her head slowly towards Lucian and as she did he could see the firelight dance in the tears that had quickly begun streaming down her face. Lucian realized that his last question had struck something deeply painful for her. 
“You don’t remember her?” She asked with supreme disbelief. “How do you not remember her?” Her questions slipped quietly through tear laden lips. She then quickly and ferociously turned her gaze towards the old man and in an angry and visceral way asked, 
“How can he not remember her?”
Her tone demanded an answer to which Gramps compassionately replied.
“It would’ve been far too painful. It would’ve killed him Etria.”
 He then stood and left the room. Etria’s head hung low as her gaze fell upon the shards of porcelain now decorating the floor at her feet. Lucian sat there, staring at her as he realized this was far too real for her, far more than being unreal for him. He realized that if this were a joke, it couldn’t have played out worse. After a few more minutes of sitting silently, trying to figure out what the hell had just happened, Lucian stood and headed after his grandfather.
The screen door creaked loudly as Lucian slowly swept it open and stepped through into the back yard. He approached his grandfather sitting at the picnic table staring up at the sky. 
“Hey kiddo.” Gramps greeted. 
“What’s going on Gramps? Who is she? How do you know her? Is she serious, is she telling the truth? If she is, why haven’t you ever told me? Were you ever going to? Lucian asked with a heavy hearted confusion. 
“Sit down son.” He looked at Lucian with remorseful eyes and then continued.
“She is telling the truth. I am so sorry to have kept this from you, but know that it was only because I thought it best. Now, I know that in your current form, you’re knowledge is limited to that which you’ve learned during your time among the humans, so I will explain as much as I can in the best way for you to understand.” He began.
Chapter 8

 “Etria was right. This place is not your home. Our home is very far from here.” He paused and turned his gaze towards the stars.
 “It is called Theros. In size it is far larger than this planet. In beauty, it is unparalleled. The atmosphere is quite similar though, which is why I chose this place to bring you and as this world is very young, I thought you could grow with it.” He returned his attention to Lucian.
 “We are Akirians. Our race is among the greatest warriors time has ever known and our purpose has always been war and conquest.” 
“From the time we can stand, we train for battle and, as such, we excel in combat. Our people do not believe in using projectile weapons such as the humans do. We believe it is more honorable to fight your enemy face to face, hand to hand. Our only physical weapon is called the Arc Staff. It is simply a staff of about two feet in length but, in the hands of its warrior, will change into any hand to hand weapon imagined. Our clothing is that of a rectangular swath worn around our waist. It is held in place with a silver or golden belt depending on rank and is accented in crimson and gold. The females of our society wear more of a tunic type garb which is golden with crimson and black accents.” He paused again in order to give Lucian a chance to absorb all he was being told before continuing. 
“What do weapons and clothes have to do with anything. Gramps you’re scaring the hell out of me right now. Do you realize how this sounds? You’re trying to tell me I’m some alien warrior? I’m a senior. I graduate tomorrow. Who is she really?” Lucian interrupted his grandfather’s explanation.
“Patience my son, I am trying to start off slowly.” Gramps replied.
Yeah, you wouldn’t want to drop anything to crazy on me right? Ya know like I’m from another planet or something.” Lucian asked sarcastically and his grandfather replied with a look meant to remind him of who was speaking to and how disrespect would not be tolerated.
“Alright, I’m sorry. Go ahead.” Lucian returned. Gramps continued.
“The Akirians are not alone on our home world. We share our planet with the Ishra. They are the most intelligent species in the known universe and as such, are the keepers of knowledge throughout the known worlds. Our strategic training is conducted by them. They are a non-violent people and their reason for teaching us strategy is so that collateral damage to planet systems and populations is kept in check. They do not approve of conflict but understand that, for the time being, it is part of life throughout the universe. As such, they sought to limit destruction by teaching us the most strategic and effective ways to conquer those areas in which we set out to do so. Our planet is divided into two equal halves. The Ishra have one half and we, the other. We have coexisted peacefully for thousands of years. The Ishra do not want war with us as they despise violence. We do not declare war with the Ishra because their knowledge is of great benefit to us. 
There are however, members of our race who want nothing more than to destroy the Ishra and countless others as well. Your father and brothers are at the forefront of this. You and your brothers had trained at the Ishra Academy since your youth and it was there you met Kara. You told me once that when you saw her for the first time, you knew there would never be another for you. In her my son, you found your reason for existence. The first time you spoke of her you told me, ‘Grandfather, if I am not to have her, than I am to have nothing at all.’ Our laws prohibit Eternal bonding with any race but our own, laws you could not have cared less about. You and Kara connected the second you saw each other, like the proverbial spark that humans speak of, and from that point on continued to grow together. The two of you began spending much of your time together and it was not long until you bonded with one another completely.”
 He looked at his grandson and Lucian could tell instantly that this memory brought great happiness to the old man, who then continued.
 	“Her joy, her pain, her knowledge, all of her emotions became a part of you as all of you had become a part of her. At the time, I was the leader of the Akirians and after countless battles I began to grow tired of the death and destruction our race had delivered throughout the universe. I believed our people were meant for more and with the help of an old friend, an Ishra high elder, I began making plans to restructure the future of our people. Your father and brothers however, reveled in the power of our race and wanted complete control over all systems throughout the universe. You had grown to be one of the greatest leaders our people had ever known and though you were far younger than I, you too wanted something better for our people…something better for yourself.
Your many accomplishments in battle earned you a seat at the War Council’s Table, where the fate of our people was often decided. At our last gathering, I advised that our war faring ways would soon come to an end and that along with the Ishra we would work together in becoming protectors of the universe instead of its conquerors. With our might and the Ishra intelligence, we would ensure that the universe flourish with life and peace for the rest of time. Your father had recently discovered that you and Kara had bonded. When our kind becomes bonded with another, there is an exchange. On Earth, there are words and rings exchanged as token. It is different for us. Our people exchange part of our soul with our Eternal. You have been a part of each other for so long my son. I knew of this for some time as you came to me with it and asked for my council. You and I had a very similar relationship back home as we do here.
Your father divulged this information to the council stating that the exchange of souls would give an advantage to the Ishra. Your father claimed you were a traitor and moved for your execution and the advancement of war on the Ishra. The council immediately denied this motion. Your father became enraged. He and your brothers then proceeded to kill all members of the council and sadly two others. The only two left that could stand between them and us, your mother and grandmother.” 
Gramps became silent after this revelation. He had felt every bit of her pain at the moment of her death. But it was his pain to bear. He did not want to share this pain with Lucian.
“I never would have thought him capable of such horrible things. It was his mother. It was his wife and he treated them as nothing more than an enemy. I wanted only to seek vengeance upon them, but I knew if I did they would get to you and as selfish a decision as it may have been, I could not bear the pain of losing another loved one. I met with Etria and she showed me how to get you and Kara to the safety of a distant planet. We found you on the road heading back to our city, unaware of what had happened. When I saw you, you had a look on your face of utter and complete happiness. Knowing what you were about to find out, my heart broke even further. It was then that you collapsed in unimaginable pain. I knew instantly what it was and Etria quickly realized what had happened. Your father and brothers had captured Kara and were using her as bait to lure you to your death. You ran to find her and it was all we could do just to keep up. When you arrived, the Royal Guard attacked. You defended yourself well, but I had no choice but to get you out of their as quickly as possible and with Etria’s help we left and came here. The thought of you being within only a few feet of her and having to snatch you away is an awful memory I live with everyday.
Upon our arrival, I changed our forms and removed your soul conscious so you would not remember any of the reasons that brought us here. I wanted you to live a simple, peaceful life. After all the bloodshed of battle and betrayal, I felt as though you deserved it. I’ve thought of returning your soul conscious to you but I knew that if I did, all the memory and pain of battle would be excruciating in your human form. The reason I’ve decided not to however, is not because of the battle memories. After all, you are Akirian and as such, are nourished by your memories of combat. It is because of Kara. Etria has told me that your father still has her in his possession. She is being held in a tower visible to all Akirians as well as the Ishra as example to all those who might oppose your father. Her people and ours feel her sadness everyday and it is your father’s most powerful weapon in subduing all who oppose him. All the pain of that, along with the pain of losing you, would be felt instantly should your soul conscious be returned and I felt that that alone would kill you.
There are not words in existence to describe the two of you. Time and space have not existed long enough to express your love for one another. The two of you are something never seen before. It is anomalous. The love you have for one another would have one day changed the entire universe had it not been for your father. He has taken so much from you that I could not allow your life to be taken as well.”
Lucian sat in silence for a moment, not knowing how to process all he was being told. He stared out into the yard at the spot where he and his grandfather used to stare up at the stars and something occurred to him.
“When I was a boy and we used to lay out here staring at the stars, the stories you use to tell me…” Lucian began.
“They were your stories my son. Not fables or fiction, but the stories of your life before we came here. I have always felt a heavy burden for bringing you here, so far from home, and I thought those stories might bring us both some sort of comfort.” Gramps revealed.
Lucian sat quietly for a few moments contemplating all he had been told and trying to mentally sift through all the questions racing through his mind, before choosing one.
“Why would my father do such things?” He asked turning his gaze towards Gramps.
 “Since your father was young, he could not wait for the day he would take over as leader of our people. In our society the King is chosen by way of his accomplishments in battle, not bloodline. As he grew he became our greatest General. Driven and merciless he stood far apart from all other warriors. In time, he had three sons, Ryaal, Rek, and Gryn. The three of you were very close in your younger years and excelled in your battle training. To watch you and your brothers growing up together was like witnessing the definition of friendship and brotherhood firsthand. There was nothing the three of you wouldn’t do for one another. When it came time for you to fight along with our armies you all rose through the ranks exceedingly fast and as your father had done for much of his life, you set yourself far apart from the others.
You in particular had become idol to many. While your father was driven, you were fearless. While he showed no mercy to his enemies, you showed great intelligence and restraint, two characteristics that define great leaders. His accomplishments were quickly surpassed by your own. Though he fought massive armies and won, you had defeated armies just as large without so much as raising your weapon. You defeated your enemy with words and your father saw, that in much the same way, you would change the course of our people for the better. He felt as though change was unnecessary and believed our people were meant to rule. Your name echoed throughout the stars, where his did not. He knew that you would become King before him and that his plans would never come to fruition.”
 	“What about this Kara? If she was so important to me, why do I remember nothing of her?” Lucian inquired further.
 “On the contrary son, you do.” Gramps continued. 
“You’ve not seen her face for some time but you always feel her. Though I tried, for your own sake, I could not take that completely out of you. The terrible sadness you carry within you…that is for her, my son. The emptiness you feel day in and day out is the spot she once filled in you. Your existence has become unified with hers. You are broken my son, and without her, I’m afraid that will always be so. Your love for her is unfathomable and would be the most dangerous part of returning your soul conscious to you.” 
Lucian sat in silence, again attempting to understand what he was being told or at least find something he could argue that would prove this whole thing was as unreal as it sounded.
“You said something before, about a soul conscious. What is that?” He questioned further. 
“Every battle you’ve ever fought, everything you have ever learned, everything you have ever felt, all the knowledge you have ever possessed and all that you are is held within your soul conscious. Everything Kara has ever felt and learned is in your soul conscious as it is in hers. I cannot stress to you how painful putting it back would be. It is one thing to deal with the pains of war, as battle scars can heal over time. However, the pain that the two of you have endured by being torn apart, the pain she feels everyday as prisoner, the pain of not knowing if you are alive or dead or if she will ever see you again is unimaginable.” Gramps explained
Upon hearing these last words, Lucian sat upright and as though feeling something, he inquired more of Kara. 
Gramps smiled and continued. “She is unique, even for her people. She was to be High Queen of the Ishra people and would one day become solely responsible for the safeguarding of all knowledge throughout the universe. As such, it would become her duty to continue universal growth through the sharing of that knowledge. Her race is of exquisite beauty and Kara stands apart from her own kind. She is one of the few Ishra whose appearance changes based on her feelings. They are tall, though not as tall as us, about a foot shorter. Their hair is long and flows like star dust. Their skin is of a very light violet and silken to the touch. It is quite easy to see how you fell for Kara as hard as you did.”  Gramps said with a smile reminiscent of how happy his grandson once was. 
“Etria tells me of how she is now kept in a tower high above our city so that both races can see her, so that both races can feel her sadness. She tells me Kara has turned as black as the darkest night due to the deep despair of all that has happened. She is devastated my son and though I care for her a great deal because of the happiness she has brought you, I do not want you to return home.” Gramps said with a look now resembling great worry. 
“Why does Etria come now?” Lucian asked. 
“Etria is also an Ishra. She too has changed her appearance upon arriving here. Because of the bond with your Eternal, you may have felt a familiarity the first time you saw her. Her knowledge is primarily that of different systems and how to travel between them. While Ishra are all of the highest intelligence, each individual specializes in only a few of the greater knowledges. Very few are capable of possessing the particular knowledge she has. Used improperly, that knowledge could have devastating effects throughout worlds both known and unknown. Your father, for instance, could move an entire army across the universe in seconds. Etria is the one who showed me how to get you here.” He informed. 
“She helped me save you and she is sister to Kara. She told me she helped me because Kara would have wanted her to. She said Kara would rather spend a lifetime in sadness and pain then to see any harm befall you. Etria’s plan was to get you and I and Kara here, to this world, safely. When they captured Kara, Etria chose to stay behind and do all she could to rescue her sister and bring her here, to you. Etria has only seen her sister from afar, locked in the tower and has been unable to tell her that you still live. If she is here now, it is out of desperation. She must have exhausted all possible options in gathering people to fight your father and free her sister. What this means is that your father will soon declare war on the Ishra and will demand that they comply with his command to start moving his armies throughout the worlds both known and unknown. If this happens he will take over all systems in the universe, including this one, with no contest. He would then no longer have use for Kara and he would kill her”.
 A pain shot through Lucian’s chest and he felt as though his mind was cluttered and couldn’t think clearly. 
Maybe they’re telling the truth. He thought to himself.
Gramps saw how jarred Lucian was. 
“Hey kiddo, it’s a lot to take in in one night, I know, but you have a big day tomorrow.” He said, referring to Lucian’s graduation.
“Why don’t you go get some sleep, we can talk more tomorrow.” Gramps instructed and Lucian nodded in agreement and headed off towards the house.
 That night Lucian lay in bed running all the information he had been given that day through his head, trying to make sense of it. 
Were they telling the truth? Did Etria somehow drug Gramps? Were they both crazy? If they are telling the truth, what am I supposed to do now? His head swirled with thoughts as his eyes grew heavier and heavier until finally the day’s events took their toll and he fell asleep.
Chapter 9

Lucian awoke the next morning with his head feeling heavy. Was it all a dream? He thought to himself. It had to be. He made his way downstairs where he could smell the big breakfast Gramps was cooking up. The wafting scent of bacon and eggs, pancakes, and fresh squeezed orange juice brought a sense of calm to him. I must have been dreaming. He rounded the last step heading into the kitchen and saw Gramps at the stove who greeted him with that warm familiar smile. Then he saw Connor and Alina sitting at the table talking with Etria. An icy blast shot through his body as he realized he hadn’t dreamt anything. 
“I took the liberty of introducing your cousin to your friends.” Gramps said, informing Lucian of the cover story he had used to hide who she really was…who he really was. 
“You ready for our big day?” Alina asked.
 	“Why didn’t you tell us that your beautiful cousin was in town for graduation, or that she was British, or that she was so beautiful?” Connor interrupted with a barrage of questions, all the while never taking his eyes off the beautiful guest.
 Oh! I’ll tell you why, because she’s a super intelligent alien. Lucian thought to himself. 
“Slipped my mind I guess.” He decided to go with. 
“Connor has told us he’s been accepted to that school in England.” Gramps said in an attempt to change the subject.
 “That’s quite impressive.” Etria added. Her smile tinged with sarcasm only Lucian picked up on.
 He shot a glance at Etria letting her know he hadn’t forgotten what she said about his friend not being as smart as he thought he was.
 	“It is and I’m very proud of him.” Lucian said in a way meant to remind Etria how protective he was of his friends. Her smile quickly faded.
 	“Awww, big guy!” Connor’s voice interrupted the unnoticed tension between the two. 
“We should get going.” Lucian said as he folded some eggs and bacon into a pancake. “We have a rehearsal this morning and Connor hasn’t finished his speech yet.”
 	“How’d you know I didn’t finish it?” Connor asked surprised. 
“Because I know you, let’s go.” Lucian answered.
The three headed out the door towards school. 
 	“Lucian!” Gramps had called out to him. “May I speak with you for a minute?” 
Lucian told his friends to go on without him, he would catch up. 
“What’s up Gramps?” Lucian asked. 
“I don’t want to keep you too long, I just wanted to tell you…”
Gramps put his hand on Lucian’s shoulder and gave a light squeeze.
“I am very proud of you son.”
“Thanks Gramps.” Lucian replied with a smile. 
“That’s it. I just wanted you to know that. Now get outta here.” Gramps said with a smile. Lucian turned to walk away but stopped after the first step. He turned and gave his grandfather a hug. 
“Thank you…for everything. I don’t know what I’d do without you.” Lucian said.  His grandfather squeezed him a bit tighter. 
“Wait.” Etria spoke up and looked at Gramps.
“Do you really think it wise for him to go off to some trivial human ceremony when there are larger issues at hand?’ She asked with a hint of frustration in her voice.
“Who do you think you are?” Lucian quipped back, angry at her cast off of his graduation day and what it meant to him and his friends.
“You show up here with some crazy story and just expect me to bite. You insult my friends, you attack me, but because you somehow know my grandfather I’m just supposed to buy in to whatever you tell me. You know what the truth is? You can’t prove any of the nonsense you’ve told me, either of you. I don’t know you. And if this Kara’s a real person, I don’t know her either so why should I give a damn about anything you say. What I do know is my grandfather and my friends. No one else matters to me. Not you, not Kara, and not a bunch of pissy aliens. Unless you can prove something to me, stay the hell away from me and my friends or I’ll finish what we started in the field.”
Lucian turned to his grandfather and spoke only with an angry and disappointed stare before storming out of the house.
	A few minutes later he had caught up with his friends a short distance down the road they normally travelled. They could tell something was upsetting him.
	“What’s wrong Luc?” Alina asked.
	He thought immediately of telling his friends all he had been told in the last day, but decided not to burden them with crazy.
	“Nothin’ Al. Just family crap.” He answered.
	“Speaking of family…” Connor interrupted “…how long will your lovely cousin be staying with you?”
	Lucian looked at Connor, “Hopefully not long.” He answered with a smile. It went against how he really felt, but this was their big day and he didn’t want his issues to ruin it for his friends. They continued on their way to school, joking, laughing, simply enjoying one another, as was often their way.
Chapter 10

The sunlight warmed his face as Lucian watched a light breeze sweep through the large oak in front of the school. Lost in the thoughts of all he was told the night before, he paid no attention to the growing crowd of students in graduation robes or the proud parents taking their seats among the rows of metal folding chairs facing the large outdoor stage.
 “Hey.” Connor’s voice derailed his train of thought and Lucian turned to see what he wanted. 
“Can you help me with this?” Connor asked holding a small stack of index cards.
 “Don’t worry so much man. I’m sure it’ll be the best valedictorian speech anyone’s ever heard. Or it will go horribly wrong, you’ll like an idiot, and me and Al will have to find a new friend.” Lucian offered, attempting to lighten his friends stressed mood.
Connor laughed out loud. Feeling a bit relieved, he put his arm around his large friend as they walked towards the stage. 
“Can you believe it? It’s finally here.” Connor said with a proud smile on his face.
“Yeah man, it’s pretty great.” Lucian returned not really caring about the ceremony.
“Alright big guy, what’s wrong?” Connor asked.
 	“Nothin’ man…I’m good.” Lucian assured.
“I’ve known you for how long now? Ten years? I know when my brother’s got somethin’ on his mind.” Connor stated.
 Lucian looked at him silently for a couple of seconds, wanting to share with his best friend the information he had just learned the night before.
 “It…doesn’t feel right.” Lucian said.
 “What doesn’t feel right?” Connor asked, looking his friend in the eyes with a bit of concern.  
“Something feels…off.” He said looking around. “I got a weird feeling.” 
“Aw I know what that is man. You’re nervous.” Connor offered. 
“It’s a big day for us. And we have to stand in front of all these people. At least you don’t have to give a speech.” 
“Yeah, you’re probably right.” Lucian said with a less than genuine smile and then saw his grandfather walking in from the parking lot.
“Hey I’ll be right back man. I gotta talk to Gramps.” Lucian told his friend.
“Alright man, I’ll see ya up there.” Connor replied, nodding his head towards the stage.
Lucian made his way over to his grandfather and could see Etria waiting in the parking lot.
“There he is.” Gramps spoke up.
“Hey Gramps.” Lucian returned.
“Listen, I just want to apologize for losing my temper this morning, it’s just…”
Gramps interrupted Lucian’s apology by putting his hand on his grandson’s shoulder.
“There is no need to apologize my son. I know it seemed to come out of nowhere, but she is telling the truth and I hope you know that I would never lie to you. Everything you have been told is true and no matter what you choose to do, no matter how insane or impossible it may be, know that I will be with you every step of the way.”
Gramps’ words brought an incredible peace to Lucian, who smiled in return.
“WOULD EVERYONE PLEASE TAKE THEIR SEATS? THE CEREMONY WILL BEGIN IN FIVE MINUTES.” A voice boomed instruction over the microphone. 
“Showtime kid, off ya go.” Gramps instructed.
Lucian headed on stage and upon taking his seat, scanned the crowd for his grandfather. There he was, back row center seat with that warm familiar smile beaming bigger than ever, one which was instinctively returned by Lucian. The ceremony started and the Principle began to speak of potential, the future, and the best and brightest, as was often the rhetoric at high school graduations. He began calling each student to receive their diploma when Lucian noticed Etria making her way to his Grandfather with an overly concerned look on her face. She bent down and spoke in his ear. The proud smile on his face quickly changed to one matching Etria’s as he stood and walked far behind the crowd towards the parking lot.
“LUCIAN SOLIS.” 
The crowd applauded as it was his turn to receive his diploma. Lucian stood and, instead of turning right to approach his Principal, he turned left and walked off stage to see what the immediacy was with Etria and his grandfather.
 “MUST BE IN A HURRY TO START HIS FUTURE.”
 The principle offered in an attempt to break the awkward situation. The crowd returned a laugh and the ceremony continued.
 	“What’s happening?” Lucian asked as he approached the two. His grandfather looked at him with great concern. 
“Etria has informed me that the portal she had taken to come here has again been opened.” Gramps informed.
 Lucian looked at Etria who, with a great look of concern all her own, told Lucian.
 	“I believe it is your brother…Rek.” She continued.
 	“Back on Theros your father had your brothers and a few of his most loyal warriors follow certain members of the Ishra. Because of my relation to Kara and my specific knowledge, I was followed by your brother Rek. I was certain that he was not following me when I came here. Lucian, I am so sorry.” Etria apologized with the greatest sincerity. 
“What’s the big deal?” Lucian shrugged as he removed his graduation robes. “He’s my brother, why can’t I just talk to him?” 
His grandfather responded. “Your brother, the one who may be here, is an Akirian assassin. Right now you have no memory of him, but when he arrives somewhere it is only to kill his target. He has no reason to talk and he has never failed. Lucian I believe your father sent him here to find and kill you.” Gramps turned his attention towards Etria. 
“You must take Lucian and run, I will hold off Rek for as long as I can but you must keep my grandson safe.”
 “I will.” Etria promised. 
“No!” Lucian interrupted stepping back from the two. “If all you’ve told me is true, if I am to believe what you’ve said, if everything has been taken from me, then I am done running. I will stay and confront my brother.” 
“You cannot possibly face your brother in this form. He will not come here in disguise as Etria has. He will not care who sees him. He will come here only to kill you and will not leave until he has done so. Please Lucian, go with Etria.” Gramps pleaded.
 Before he could give any thought to his grandfather’s request, a loud sound interrupted their conversation. At first it sounded like a jet plane soaring through the air at high speeds. Then it got louder…and closer. The three looked to the sky as did every parent and student in attendance of the event. Suddenly, something large slammed down in the parking lot sending cars flying and causing a large cloud of dirt and debris to fill the air. Etria, Lucian, and Gramps were sent flying and the graduation crowd scattered amidst screams and cries, everyone scrambling to find safety from whatever had just hit the parking lot.
Chapter 11

As the dust began to settle, a large figure emerged and headed in their direction. The giant assassin was seven feet in height with skin a ghostly and pale blue. His frame was massive, muscles everywhere and his eyes were as black as the endless void between stars making them hard to see amidst the black war paint band draped around them. He spoke.  
“Ryaal…Show yourself!” 
His bass filled voice thundered. Etria stood and approached the figure. 
”He has gone. You will not find him here.” 
With lightening speed, he grabbed her by the throat and lifted her off the ground. Seeing this, Connor charged from the stage determined to save the beautiful stranger. Drawing back his fist, Connor approached closer and closer, faster and faster. Without so much as a glance in his direction, Rek swung his massive arm and sent the would-be hero soaring back the way he came and smashing hard into the rows of steel chairs causing them to collapse on top of him. He did not get up. 
“Tell me where he is or die!” Rek’s gravelly voice demanded. Etria clenched her jaw and with a sneer in her lip answered. 
“I’ll tell you nothing!” Etria spoke defiantly and something in her tone caused the assassin to take notice. He pulled her closely and stared deep into her eyes. After a moment, he spoke.
“Ishra?” He questioned as a sinister smile spread on his face.
“Is that you?” He asked menacingly as he looked her over from head to toe.
“How did you do this?” He asked, this time sounding far more serious than with his previous questions.
“Leave this place Rek, or you will die here.” She answered.
His face distorted into one of somebody who just tasted something bitter and he returned to his original question.
“Tell me where my brother is or die.” He demanded.
“Be careful what you ask for Akirian. For you are nothing more than a spider cowering in the darkness cast by Ryaal’s shadow. Even if he was here, you wouldn’t stand a chance.” She stated with complete contempt and fearlessness.
Enraged, he slammed her into the ground violently, picked her up and demanded again. Already bloody Etria looked the assassin in his black eyes and smiled. 
“No!” She answered defiantly. 
Gramps made his way over to Lucian without drawing attention to the two of them. He grabbed his hand and looked into his grandson’s eyes. 
“Throughout my life, in all my victories, in all my accomplishments, my proudest moments have been the ones in which I looked upon you. It has been my great honor to have fought alongside you in battle, but my greatest privilege has been in calling you my grandson.”
 He put his hand on the back of Lucian’s neck and put his forehead against his grandson’s.
 “I love you son. Never forget that.” 
Gramps yanked at the chain hanging around his neck and slid what looked like a black glass triangle off of it. 
“Should you choose to use this, do so knowing that I am so very sorry for the pain it will bring you. Forgive me grandson.”
 He handed the odd piece to Lucian who immediately noticed its heavy weight. As soon as it touched his hand the blackness faded and a brilliant blue light began swirling violently inside of its glass chamber, as though it were trying desperately to break out.
“It is your soul conscious. Within is who you truly are. If you choose to use it, break the glass, free it from its binding, and it will rejoin itself with you. Your true form along with all your knowledge of battle, of home…of Kara will be returned to you. Be warned my son, it will cause you the most tremendous pain. Should you choose to use it and should you survive, defeat your brothers, defeat your father, save our people and the Ishra, and save Kara. Become who you were meant to be. Protect what you love…at all cost.” 
Seeing the terrified and confused look in his grandson’s eyes, he stood and turned all focus to Rek, who was picking Etria back up after another brutal pounding into the ground and in a voice rivaling that of the assassin’s, demanded.
 	“Put her down!” 
Rek turned his head towards Gramps and, seeing only an old man, gave him no second thought. 
“Tell me where my brother is!” Rek screamed, squeezing Etria’s throat even harder. 
“RRREK!” Gramps voice boomed again. “PUT HER DOWN!” 
The assassin looked once more at the old man and this time, seeing a bright light blaze forth from his eyes and mouth, gave his full attention.
Rek’s grip loosened and Etria crashed to the ground gasping for air. Gramps had quickly grown to seven and a half feet in height. His whole body expanded with muscle and he now resembled the figure which had crashed down just moments earlier, only bigger. He now had the assassin’s attention. Lucian looked upon the being he had known his whole life as his big, burly, human grandfather and now saw a massive being who he thought resembled depictions of Zeus. 
His skin had turned the same ghostly and pale blue and his face became adorned with three, red war paint like stripes, crossing diagonally. 
His true form! Lucian thought to himself.
 Gramps let out a roar as the transformation completed and then spoke. 
“You should not have come here traitor!” 
“Grandfather.” Rek uttered with disdain. 
“If you’re here, my brother must be close.” He reasoned as he approached Gramps. 
“You and your father and brother have brought much pain and dishonor to our people and our family. You have defiled our name. I have but one grandson. You are no longer family to me. Leave now or I will not hesitate to kill you.” Gramps informed. 
“You and the Ishra…how did you change your forms like that? That could be very useful in my line of work.” Rek inquired, completely ignoring the warning from his grandfather.
“If you do not leave now Rek…you will not leave at all.” Gramps warned again.
“You’ve been far from battle for some time old one. I have no fear of you.” Rek stated as he circled Gramp’s, sizing him up looking for the best angle of attack. The powerful blow Gramp’s threw at Rek’s chest was lightening fast and sent his opponent crashing through the parking lot, smashing back first through glass, steel, and concrete, again causing a huge cloud of dirt and debris to fill the air. He then turned to Etria and helped her to her feet. 
“Go, get him out of here!” He told her. 
“Yes sir.” She replied.
Etria made her way to Lucian and as she helped him to his feet their attention diverted to the piercing sound coming from the parking lot. Their eyes widened as the massive spear emerged from the dust cloud. Gramps turned his attention to the parking lot to see what had captured their focus and as though it were meant to be, the spear slammed into his chest with cannon like force. Blood shot from his mouth and Gramps fell to his knees. 
Chapter 12

“No!” Lucian screamed in agonizing denial of what he had just witnessed as Etria tried to pull him away. The only family he had ever known. The man who raised him, who taught and cared for him, who protected him…was now dead. 
A second later he felt an incredible surge of pain. Without realizing it and without hesitation, Lucian crushed the glass pendant and shards tore into the flesh of his hand. It was not the glass that caused the pain however. The brilliant blue light, his soul conscious, filled every wound as it rushed to once again become a part of its true owner.
He screamed in the purest agony. Memories of war, the scars of battle, and the pain of what had just happened flooded his body and brain all at once. But, the pain he felt of losing Kara and in turn, the pain she felt of losing him proved too much. His veins pulsed and burned, his heart pierced by the feeling of a thousand daggers, and his brain felt ravaged and ripped apart, piece by piece. Tears of blood quickly streamed down his face and the guttural screams that erupted sounded like the culmination of all the pain time had ever known. His body convulsed violently before he collapsed and lied motionless. 
Rek saw what had happened and figured this must be his brother. His form must have somehow changed the way the others did and only his brother would react that way to the fall of their grandfather. He saw this as his chance. He pulled the spear from the old man’s chest and as he did, it transformed into a great battle axe. He walked slowly over to Lucian’s motionless body and with a smirk on his lips uttered,
 	“Pathetic.”
 Rek raised the battle axe above his head, preparing to fall it and end his brother once and for all. 
WUMPH!!! Rek felt a searing pain across his back sending him crashing down to one knee, dropping his weapon in the process. CRRRACKK!!! He then felt the same pain shoot across the back of his skull, causing him to stumble further. He turned his head to see where the blows had originated and much to his surprise saw only a small human girl. Alina had made her way back to her friend and seeing what was about to happen, grabbed the microphone stand from the stage and used it quite effectively against the hulking assassin. Rek was furious. He grabbed his weapon, changing it into a long knife and snatched the young girl by her graduation robes. He raised her to his eye level. 
“You sniveling little insect! How dare you?” Rek inquired.
He spoke through gnashed teeth as he raised the knife back. He quickly swung forward to end the fearless girl when suddenly his arm was grabbed tightly, stopping the death blow cold. A smile stretched across Alina’s face and Rek tilted his head at her, looking confused.
 “He’s very protective of his friends.” She stated calmly.
 With that, Rek turned his head to see who had grabbed him. There, standing behind him with a look of hate filled rage, swollen with muscle, and staring at him through royal blue eyes adorned with red, blood tear war paint was Ryaal. Rek dropped the girl instantly and swung a vicious punch at his brother. Ryaal caught it with little effort and with a devastating kick to the chest, sent his brother smashing through the large valley oak that decorated the front of his school. The tree exploded sending wooden shrapnel in every direction. Ryaal bent down to help his friend on her feet.
“I’m o.k.” She yelled at him. “Go kick that guy’s ass.” 
Rek staggered to his feet and sprinted towards his brother. Ryaal stopped the speeding assassin with a smashing fist to the face that sent him sailing backward yet again. All the rage that had been contained inside him was beginning to trickle out. He began to approach his evil brother who was just getting back to his feet. The look that commanded Ryaal’s chiseled features was one of overwhelming pain and perfect hate. Rek swung another punch which was again caught by Ryaal. With a quick and powerful uppercut to his brother’s arm, he smashed every bone rendering the limb useless. He followed that with another crashing fist to his evil brother’s face, this one ripping the skin and leaving him bleeding profusely. 
“You killed my mother!” 
Ryaal grabbed his brother by the throat and threw him into the graduation stage causing it to come crashing down all around him. In an instant he was standing over Rek and again picked him up by the throat. 
“You killed my Grandmother!” 
He slammed him violently into the ground causing a splash of blood to leap into the air as though it were excited to be part of the carnage. 
“You killed my Grandfather!” 
He yelled again as he smashed his knee into Rek’s now unrecognizable face. Ryaal had become consumed with anger and possessed by rage. Rek was beaten and broken. He managed to sit himself up on his knees and began to beg. 
“Please brother, show mercy.” 
All the bravado, all the grim determination the assassin exhibited only moments ago quickly faded. He trembled before his legendary brother. He had forgotten what Ryaal was capable of.
Ryaal picked up his brother’s weapon, still in the form of the long knife, and knelt beside him. 
“Tell me brother…did you show her mercy?” Rek knew what his brother meant and he began to tremble even more. The look in his eyes was of both fear and regret. Ryaal grabbed his brother’s face and tilted his head towards the sky. He raised the knife to his brother’s neck. 
“Please broth…” 
Rek had begun to beg one last time but the slow, steady entry of the long blade into his throat cut his words short. After a moment of gurgling and gasping for air, Rek was no more. Ryaal stood as Etria and Alina approached him. 
“Ryaal?” Etria began but was interrupted by the glow of Rek’s body. 
“What’s happening?” Alina asked in a hushed tone. 
“When Akirian’s die, their bodies turn to a marble like stone. They are then to be placed in the Hall of the Fallen so as to provide inspiration for future warriors. However…” 
Etria started to explain and then saw the weapon in Ryaal’s grasp slowly change into a mighty war hammer. 
“I do not think Rek will be making it there.” She finished.
With that Ryaal brought the hammer down on his brother’s death statue, shattering it to dust. 
“I don’t understand?” Alina said. 
“What is it?” Etria asked
“If his brother turned, why hasn’t his grandfather?” 
Hearing that, Ryaal’s head snapped quickly in his grandfather’s direction and in a heartbeat he was at his side. 
“Grandfather!” Ryaal grabbed firmly onto the old man’s hand. 
“Hello grandson.” He smiled. “It has been so long since I’ve seen your true form. I am…” Gramps spoke, but his words were soon interrupted by blood soaked coughs.
“I do not have much longer my son and I must give you something.” He informed.
He put his hand on the back of Ryaal’s neck and pulled him close as if to tell him a secret. He placed his forehead against his grandson’s and as he did, a stream of light shot forth from his eyes into Ryaal’s. After a moment the light subsided and Gramps spoke. 
“My son, what I’ve just given you is the knowledge of forms. It is how I changed our Akirian selves into human form. Use it to aid you and know that I will be with you always.” 
He smiled at his grandson one last time with that warm familiar smile and then he too turned to the magnificent marble like stone. Ryaal stood the statue upright and gazed upon it with pride and honor. 
The next few moments were spent in silence until the sound of crashing metal was heard. The three turned to face the commotion and Etria quickly realized that Connor was emerging from the pile of chairs he was under. She rushed over to help and when he stood from the pile she looked at him with a look that can only be described as confused wanting. 
“You tried to save me.” She said, smiling at the handsome and bruised young human. 
“With no regard for yourself, you tried to save me.” She continued. 
“Yeah, well it was no big deal.” He replied as they stared into each other’s eyes.
“Etria!” Ryaal called out. 
“Yes Ryaal.” She replied without either of them taking their gaze off one another.
“How do I get home?” He asked. 
“There is a place not far from here, about a day’s travel. It’s how your grandfather got you here.” 
“Then we should get going.” He ordered. 
“What the hell just happened?” Connor asked Etria as the two made their way through the rubble of metal chairs. 
“What the hell was that thing? Where’s Luc?” Connor continued questioning as his head raised and he saw Alina standing next to a different, large hulking alien.
“Ahhh! There’s another one, get it!” Connor shouted as he slipped and fell onto more chairs trying to get away from the massive being. 
“Connor!” Etria interrupted.
“Run Al, get away from it! Sweet Jesus, we’re all gonna die.” Connor shouted as he scrambled through the pile of chairs, completely ignoring Etria.
 “Connor!” She shouted even louder, this time getting his attention before explaining to him in a quieter voice.
“That is Ryaal. You know him as Lucian. We can explain later. Right now, we need to get out of here.” Connor looked at Etria, then Ryaal, then Alina, who was standing calmly next to Ryaal looking at Connor like he was some sort of idiot and shaking her head.
“Look at him Con.” She instructed.
Connor approached the massive warrior slowly before getting close enough to look him in the eyes. When he did, he saw it. The same eyes he’s seen every day since he first met his best friend. Connor let out a large sigh of relief.
“Jesus man. That’s some growth spurt.” Connor added. 
“We must go, now.” Etria took charge and led the group away from the area.
Chapter 13

As they arrived back at the home he shared with his grandfather, Ryaal asked Etria to explain to his two friends what was going on. As she sat them down and started to explain, Ryaal began to walk around the home he once shared with his grandfather.
Now in his true form, it all looked different and smaller. From the kitchen, he looked out the window into the yard where he used to stare at the stars with Gramps. He noticed the flowers in the garden beginning to wilt, as though they too knew the old man would never return to tend to them. He missed his grandfather. Though he had only fallen within the hour, he felt the loss far heavier. Not in the way his people would normally feel towards loss, but something different. It seemed that the life he lived as a human was now very much a part of his Akirian being. All the memories of his friends, school, what he’d learned, the music he listened to, the books he read, and his grandfather were still very much a part of him. Human emotion was now a part of him and every pain would now visit him twofold.  
His thoughts soon drifted to Kara. He remembered the first time he saw her. Walking through the Ishra Academy’s Great Hall, he noticed her across the adjacent courtyard. Surrounded by crystalline columns adorned with the wildflowers of their home world, she looked more like a vision than someone who actually existed. She was just standing there staring at him as though the first glimpse of him had stopped her in her tracks and when his eyes fell upon her, he quickly and completely became taken. She smiled at him and he became overwhelmed with the strangest of feelings. He felt lighter. He felt as though they were the only two beings in the world and had finally just found each other after a lifetime of solitude. He cut through the courtyard, through swaths of students and instructors milling about, in an attempt to speak with her, but when he got to where she had been standing, she was gone. 
Over the next few days, his mind and all its thoughts were dominated by the supreme beauty he had witnessed in the courtyard. He looked for her in all the faces he came across but could not find her. He had lost focus on his studies. His reflexes in battle training, while still faster than all others, were beginning to slow. A week after his first encounter with her, he found himself back at the courtyard where he first saw her. Staring across the rows of glistening fountains and towering columns, he wondered if he would ever see her again or if he had just imagined her in the first place. To him, that seemed to make more sense. How could something so infinitely beautiful, so timelessly magnificent, be real? 
“Never lose focus. Isn’t that the first rule of battle training? You’ve lost focus Ryaal.” 
He heard the softest voice behind him as though it were a whisper on a breeze. He turned to see who had spoken to him and to his great delight, it was her. 
“It is you!” Ryaal spoke. 
“Hello.” She said. 
“I am Kara.” She introduced herself with a smile that could give light to all the stars in the sky.
“I am Ryaal.” He returned.
“I know who you are. I have heard impressive things about you.” She was very forward, a trait unlike most Ishra. She began to move slowly through the courtyard.
“Are you a student here?” Ryaal asked, immediately taking place beside her.
“You could say that.” She answered with a smile so infectious Ryaal instantly returned it.
“There’s something you don’t see every day.” She went on. “A smiling Akirian.”
“My smile is but a small reflection of what I feel when looking at you.” Ryaal replied.
“I’ve been looking for you for days and I could not find you.” He added.
“My studies are conducted in many different places.” She answered.
“Why exactly have you been looking for me?” She asked smiling and already knowing the answer.
Ryaal offered no further response or questions of any kind. He was lost in her eyes, in her face, in her hair. In her entire being, he had vanished.
“Would you like to see something?” She broke the silence.
“What more could there be?” He said smiling.
Her skin turned a light shade of pink as she took his hand and began to walk. They strolled through the courtyard towards the exit of the school. After an hour or so of walking they came upon the edge of a cliff. She sat and motioned for him to sit next to her which he gladly obliged. They gazed upon the large valley below. The waterfalls in the distance seemed to flow golden as the light of the amber sun shone brightly upon them. The trees and fields decorating the landscape were of brilliant blues, greens, and violets in every shade. It was the second most beautiful thing he had ever seen. They sat in silence for hours. Her head resting softly on his shoulder and they knew, even before that moment, there would never be another for either of them, for it was at that time their souls began to bond.
The cliffs overlooking the valley had become their spot. Over the course of weeks they would come here every day and enjoy the illusion that only they existed. She brought peace to his heart. Something he had never felt. He no longer desired battle or combat, for she was the only glory he would ever desire…and she felt it too.  
“Hey!” Etria entered the kitchen, interrupting his thoughts. 
“Did you tell them?” Ryaal asked, still staring out the kitchen window. 
“Yes. They’re processing it now. They had the same reaction as you, but overall I think they took it much better.” She answered
“So they understand I’ll be leaving…and why?” He asked. 
“Yes Ryaal. I told them everything.” She answered.
“Ahem!” Connor spoke the word instead of making the sound as he and Alina entered the kitchen. 
“Hey big guy! Really…big…guy.” Connor said looking his friend over from head to toe. 
Never before had either of them seen someone so big. Sure, Lucian was tall but Ryaal was a stark contrast to his human form. Where Lucian had long hair, Ryaal had none. Where Lucian was in great physical shape, Ryaal’s was impeccable. His whole being implied some sort of impending doom. He would look to anyone else as though he were a destroyer of worlds. But, to his friends, he just looked like a bigger version of the guy they picked on for listening to break up music, though they probably wouldn’t do that anymore. Ryaal turned and stepped towards his friends who, still in a bit of shock at his appearance, stepped back. 
“You do not have to fear me. I am still the friend you’ve grown with and will always be. Nothing has changed what we have been through together or how I feel about you.” He assured.
Connor and Alina looked at each other, silently agreeing that Ryaal was right. He was their friend. They knew he would never hurt them, never turn his back on them, and neither would they. The two bolted towards Ryaal and threw their arms around him, a gesture which he returned happily. In their time together, the three had become the truest of friends. Etria folded her arms and let slip a small smile. She was beginning to understand their friendship. Ryaal ended the hug and held the two at arm’s length as he knelt down to look them in the eyes. 
“You two have been the best friends any human or Akirian could ask for. I could never thank you enough for that. What Etria has told you is true and I will be leaving very soon. I will miss you both more than I can express.” Ryaal stated with a hint of sadness he had tried to hold back. 
“Oh hell no man!” Connor interjected. 
“We’re not letting you do this alone. We’re coming with you.” He exclaimed proudly. 
Connor and Alina looked at each other and smiled as if they had just solved all the world’s problems. 
“Absolutely not!” Ryaal exclaimed standing up and towering over the two. 
“Do you know what would happen to you? You probably wouldn’t even make the trip. NO! It’s too dangerous. Absolutely not!” He declared.
“HEY!” Alina stepped towards Ryaal as if she were the giant alien warrior and tilting her head all the way back to look at him, continued. 
“We’re family, get it? If you hurt, we hurt. If someone screws with you, they screw with us. If you fight, we fight! Got it!” 
Ryaal had no words. Alina’s bravado never ceased to surprise him. After all, he would never let them go through anything alone. He turned to Etria for some kind of support but all she offered was, 
“I like the female. She’s feisty.” 
“You’re not helping Etria.” Ryaal informed. He looked at his two friends and saw fire in their eyes. They cared a great deal for him and he knew they would not let him go alone.
Chapter 14

 “They can’t do anything like this.” Ryaal pointed out his friend’s human shape as he ducked under the archway leading out of the kitchen and into the living room.
“Hey!” They both chimed in, mildly offended.
“You were like this too for a while and you had no problems.” Alina reminded him.
“I think I may be able to help with that.” Etria offered. 
“How?” Ryaal asked. 
Etria led the warrior out to the back yard so they could speak privately.
“I can transfer Akirian battle training as well as Ishra strategy into their neural pathways. It would be as though they trained with the Akirians as you did. Their physical beings would stay the same, but combat wise, they could be quite proficient.” She informed.
“My people have fought for centuries, what makes you think they wouldn’t tear right through them?” Ryaal opposed. 
“Your people have always fought for honor, conquest, or glory Ryaal. These two fight for you. They fight for family. They fight for the reason you fight…love. That alone is more powerful a weapon than any Akirian possesses.” 
Hesitantly, and after much thought, Ryaal gave Etria his permission to transfer the knowledge of battle training to his friends. In his heart, it was something he did not want to do but he knew his friends, he knew they would not let him fight alone. Etria informed the three that the transference process would take at least two days. She told them that if she did it all at once it could be too much for them and they could become catatonic and that even the two days was pushing it. Connor and Alina quickly agreed with the decision regardless of the risk.
The next morning Etria took her new students to the field where she had first approached Ryaal in his human form. She felt it would provide them with the quiet they would need to focus. Ryaal stayed at the house to practice using the final gift his grandfather had given him.
He still felt immense pain in response to what Kara was enduring and he needed to cope with that so when the time came to get her back, he would be ready. He felt it already and knew that when he arrived back home, the pain would only intensify.
He sat in silence recalling the times they had spent together. His mind drifted to the day he completed his strategic training with the Ishra. As he headed for the exit Larak, his primary instructor, stopped him and asked if he would stay for a bit as he wanted to speak with him. Ryaal obliged and sat with his instructor. 
“You have been the most gifted Akirian we’ve ever had walk these halls Ryaal. You are very different from your people and I believe you can change the future of your people and mine for the better. There is a…compassion within you that is rare among your people.” 
“I am meant only for combat. My people were meant for combat and without that, what would we have?” Ryaal replied.
“There are a great many evils throughout the universe. They come in the form of beings looking to pursue their own interests, satiate their own hungers, and do so at the expense of innocent life forms and irreparable damage to planet systems. They give no thought to the consequence of their action. I pose this question to you, what if a race as powerful as the Akirians were the protectors of life? It would flourish Ryaal. You could help create a universal utopia and your people would serve the most important function within that universe. You would serve as its protectors.” Larak said, with a hopeful excitement.
“I have fought for many years now Larak and my people have been doing it for generations. They know nothing else. Guiding them down a different path, no matter how benevolent, may prove to be impossible.” Ryaal replied.
“Your people follow their leaders completely, as your leaders are chosen from battle. You will lead your people very soon Ryaal, whether you know it or not. They have great admiration for you and I do not doubt that they would follow you wherever you might lead them. I ask yet another question. What kind of leader will you choose to be? Will you continue as so many before you or will you lead your people to something greater than any battle in their history? I understand this may be a lot to consider Ryaal, but the future of your people, and that of my own, will be decided by you. Well, I’ve spoken my piece. Think about what we’ve discussed here on this day Ryaal. I see great and wonderful things for you.” Larak said while turning his glance towards the arched doorway. 
Ryaal turned and looked in the same direction and saw Kara waiting patiently in the courtyard. He still could not figure how something as beautiful as her could exist. He approached her in the courtyard and as he did, she turned and greeted him with the most loving smile, a smile that always weakened him while somehow making him feel more strength than he had ever known. They left the school and walked through the burgundy fields, her arms wrapped around his as her head leaned softly on his shoulder.
“What did Larak speak to you about?” She asked.
“He said I should lead my people in a better direction, one of protecting the universe instead of using it as battlegrounds.” He answered, still thinking of what his instructor proposed. 
“How do you feel about that?” She asked, stopping and looking into his eyes. 
“I am tired of fighting for any reason.” He answered. 
“All I’ve done in the names of conquest or battle rest quite heavily on my soul. I find myself constantly questioning the decisions I’ve made in battle. I do not want to raise my weapon again. I want nothing more than to spend my days with you.” He raised his hand to her cheek and stroked softly as he gazed into the serenity of her eyes. 
“You take away all those questions…all that weight on my soul. I care not for the universe or anything in it but you.” He told her causing her skin to again flush with a pink hue. 
“Ryaal.” She began. 
“I could think of nothing I want more in this life than to spend all my days with you. Of all I know and care about throughout the universe, you are most beautiful and you are what I love and long for most.” She told him softly, the look in her eyes conveying an incredible and unwavering love for the warrior.
Upon hearing this, Ryaal’s skin began to turn a shade of red. This caught him by surprise as his people do not possess this ability. However, they both knew what was happening. There bond was becoming stronger. Upon seeing this, a knowing smile filled their faces and they continued walking.
Chapter 15

 	The front door crashed open as Connor came stumbling through breathing heavily. 
“Water! I need water!” He gasped. 
He quickly found his way to the sink, turned it on full blast, and put his mouth to the faucet, slurping as fast and as heavily as he could. Etria and Alina came in seconds later. 
“What is happening to him!” Ryaal’s tone demanded an answer. 
“He is fine.” Etria answered. 
“The rush of information caused his brain to function faster which, sort of dehydrated him a bit.” 
“What about you, are you alright?” He asked Alina. 
“I’m fine. Connor’s just being a giant lady about it. The stuff she’s showing us is awesome. I didn’t know your people were so bad ass.” The young girl answered. 
“The female is adapting very quickly. She has the spirit of a warrior Ryaal.” Etria added. 
“I asked you not to call me The Female!” Alina interjected.
“You are right. I do apologize…Alina.” Etria offered in an unusually friendly manner. 
“Are you going to be alright?” Ryaal asked Connor. 
“Yeah man, I’m good, just thirsty… really thirsty.” Connor continued. 
“She’s right though, this stuff’s pretty awesome.” He added.
“Keep in mind my friends, this is not for amusement and this is not for fun. I am still very much against the two of you going with us. My people are not bully’s from school. They are among the greatest warriors in the known worlds. They will try, in every way, to kill you as quickly and efficiently as possible. And don’t forget, you are at a great size disadvantage. Your only chance in fighting them is to be smarter and quicker. Tomorrow Etria will conclude the transference of knowledge.  When that is done, I will join you in the field and you will attack me. Should you fail to put me down, you will not be coming with us. I can show you no mercy tomorrow as my people certainly won’t. You have to be prepared.” 
With that, Ryaal left the room. 
“What’s his deal?” Connor asked. 
With the great sadness that often accompanies certain knowledge, Etria watched as the hulking warrior made his way to the back yard. 
“When I look at him I find myself in disbelief.” She began her answer. 
“I cannot figure how he is still alive or how he has not gone completely mad. Everything he has ever known and loved has been ripped away from him in the most violent way. Sit, I will tell you of his last days on Theros.” She began.
“Ryaal had been told that he could lead his people to a better future. He went to his father, Syrk, and told him of his plan to lead their people in becoming protectors of universal life. His father became enraged. He called Ryaal a misguided fool and said that his ideas were those of a traitor. Syrk told him that they were meant to rule and protect only themselves and their way of life and how all systems of the universe should cower before the might of the Akirian’s.
Ryaal told his father that he knew he would be leader when his grandfather stepped down so it did not matter what he thought, he had made his decision. He told his father that he had already spoken with his grandfather and that he wanted the same for their people. Syrk moved to have Ryaal and his grandfather executed for treason. The war council refused and he went on a rampage. With his two remaining sons, he killed the entire war council. When he realized there were only two other people to stand in their way, they killed them as well. Ryaal’s mother and grandmother fell victim to Syrk’s wrath. He killed his own family!
When Ryaal learned of this he went to stop his father. When he arrived, he saw his brothers holding Kara in chains at their feet as their father sat upon the throne behind them. Ryaal went after them, which is what they wanted as they had set a trap for him. Seven members of the Royal Guard had attempted to capture Ryaal but he killed them all. His grandfather and I arrived as the last guard had fallen. We grabbed Ryaal and dragged him away in order to save him. We could barely contain him. He thrashed and fought, trying desperately to get to her, but his grandfather held tight. He knew that if he let go, Ryaal would be killed.” She paused for moment as the vivid scene replayed in her head.
“His screams still echo in my mind.” Etria stared out the window at the broken warrior as her eyes began to well up with tears she fought to hold back.
“His last visions of home are of Kara in chains at his father’s feet as his father and brothers smiled at their victory. Ryaal’s father told the Akirian people that Ryaal and his grandfather had conspired with the Ishra to enslave them. He told them that Ryaal had murdered his mother and grandmother as well as the members of the Royal Guard and the war council because they stood in his way. He told them that when he arrived to stop his son, Ryaal and his grandfather fled like cowards. He imprisoned Kara in a tower high enough for both cities to bear witness to what would happen should anyone stand against the Akirians. Over time though, people started to question whether or not Ryaal would do something like that. There are many who are still loyal to him and who know the lies that Syrk has spread. In Ryaal’s absence, our home world has become torn apart, more and more each day. ” Etria said, returning her gaze to the humans.
“Ryaal does not only feel the pain of all this, but as he is connected by soul to Kara, he feels all of her pain as well. Any other being would collapse into madness and ultimately die were they to bear the weight of his pain. But Ryaal is something different. His love for her far outweighs his pain and he will not stop until she is safe. I want to prepare you now. Should you prove yourselves tomorrow and join us on Theros, you will see a side of him you never thought possible.” Her look intensified as she turned her gaze back to the warrior. 
“He is without question the greatest warrior among the greatest warriors. He will deliver a great amount of death to his own people should they stand between he and Kara. His father and brothers do not know this yet but they have created a most incredible monster. They have created their own perfect destruction. Prepare yourselves for what you might see, for Ryaal will have his vengeance and it shall be a cascade of bloodshed. When it is all over, I would not be surprised if Ryaal were the last Akirian in existence. He is driven now, but when he sees what they have done to her, he will decimate everything in his path.” 
“Now…” She started, returning her full attention to her young students. “…there is something else I must teach you in addition to the physical aspects of combat. The Akirian’s are much bigger and much stronger than you and even though you will possess their battle knowledge, you will still be at a great disadvantage. I am going to teach you something that they do not know. I am going to teach you something that not even Ryaal knows. My people have kept this secret from the Akirian’s in an effort to keep their strength in check.” She hesitated for a moment, considering the ramifications of what she was about to tell them. 
“You are surrounded at all times in all places by an ocean of energy, not just on this world, but on all worlds. Should you learn how to harness and control this energy, you could become an incredibly formidable opponent. In order to do this, you must bring a great peace into your mind. You do not need to clear it of thought as thoughts will be what attract the energy to you. However, you must be at peace with the events surrounding you, especially in combat.” Etria instructed.
“How exactly are we supposed to be at peace when fighting giant, super strong, warrior aliens?” Connor asked. 
“That is where your thoughts come in. Keep in your mind a clear picture of why you are fighting. Focus only on what is important enough to you that makes you want to fight. The love you have for your friend. Imagine the energy that surrounds. See it attaching itself to you. Sort of like a suit of armor. When you strike, do so with the energy attached to you. When you defend, defend with the energy attached to you. Imagine the energy strengthening you, feel the energy strengthening you, and when it is time to strike you will do so with incredible power.” Etria answered.
“Sound’s easy enough.” Connor joked. 
“That is enough for today. I believe you two should get some rest. Tomorrow you will have to prove you are ready to Ryaal. If you do not, he will not allow you to go. I must tell you in all honesty. He needs our help. The anger and rage he feels could very well cloud his judgment. Now go, rest.”
Connor and Alina headed off to bed as Etria made her way outside to Ryaal.
Chapter 16 

It was dark in the back yard but Ryaal’s massive frame and ghost blue skin helped silhouette him against the night. Etria saw him kneeling beside his grandfather’s garden.
“Ryaal.” She approached slowly.
“Yes Etria.”
“Are you alright?” She asked sincerely.
“I miss her.” He said in a low tone.
“We will get her back Ryaal.” She attempted to comfort but was met with silence.
“Are they going to be ready? I cannot lose them. Aside from my grandfather, they have been my only family here. If you don’t feel that they are capable of protecting themselves, then I cannot put them in danger.” Ryaal asked, now looking Etria directly in her liquid green eyes which stared back at him in silence as she gave great thought to her answer.
“I was very wrong about them Ryaal. The fem… Alina is incredibly strong in heart and has a protective nature very similar to your own when it comes to those she cares about. She fights with ferocity and creativity as though combat were an art form. She is very capable.” Etria informed.
“What about Connor, he has never fought before?” Ryaal inquired further and noticed a sparkle in Etria’s eyes upon the mention of his friend. She smiled and answered. 
“He is a very interesting person. He is far more intelligent than I previously thought and when I trained with him individually, I found myself distracted. The way he looks at me…no one’s ever looked at me the way he looks at me. It is though he can see inside me, past this form I’ve taken. It is difficult to explain exactly, but…it makes me feel peaceful, happy.”  She seemed to stare off at nothing in particular, with a smile on her face.
“I meant is he ready to fight.” Ryaal asked with a bit of a confused look on his face. 
“Oh!” Etria said, blushing a bit. 
“There is an air of arrogance about him. I didn’t know why at first but after sparring with him a few times I figured it out. He can tell what’s coming. He quickly figures out the most reasonable attack coming from his opponent and easily defends against it. When he is attacking he does the same. He seems to calculate in his mind what strikes would have the most damaging effect in the quickest amount of time, coupled with what his opponent may expect and then attacks very proficiently. I have not seen anyone who can who can think that clearly, that quickly. The only times I put him on his back were those in which I increased my speed and fought more unorthodox. However, he is very capable as well. I have to say Ryaal, while I am very happy to see them learning so quickly, it shouldn’t be so.” 
“What do you mean?” He asked.
“I knew that the transference would help them, but not to the level it has. You have known them the whole time you’ve been here?” She inquired.
“Yes, since we were small children. Why?” He answered.
“Ryaal, I believe they are more than you know. More than maybe they even know. It’s as though they were meant for this. I don’t mean fighting, I mean fighting for you.”
“I guess we’ll see tomorrow.” Ryaal said, turning his gaze back to the garden. Etria stood and turned to walk away when Ryaal asked.
“How was she when you saw her last?”
Etria thought for a moment before a tear glided down her cheek.
“Do you really want to know?” She answered with her back still towards him. Ryaal was quiet for minute, contemplating whether or not he could take any more pain.
“Yes.” He answered.
Etria turned and stood behind him. She did not want to tell him the truth, but he deserved to know, he would find out soon enough anyway. She began.
“Her entire body has turned as black as this night. She was on her knees with her head down and her hands in her lap. She hasn’t moved since you were taken away. She hasn’t spoken. Her sadness is so much that it has caused revolts against your father by his own people, demanding he let her go. Our people and our home are being torn apart by her complete despair. They feel for her Ryaal. Some tried to free her but the tower is too well guarded. Your father had them executed in front of everyone as a warning to any who would try to help her…his own people. He had them hung where she could see should she ever raise her head again, in an attempt to cause her more pain.” Etria hesitated before putting her hand on the warrior’s shoulder. 
“She is dying Ryaal. Our home world and our people are dying with her. We must not fail.” 
Ryaal stood. His towering frame turned towards Etria and with his eyes of deep royal blue, looked at her and declared.
“We will not fail. I will save her no matter the cost.”
Etria felt a sense of relief as Ryaal turned and headed back towards the house.
Chapter 17

  	The next morning the sun rose with its fiery light shining brightly over the vast field, adding a sparkle to every drop of dew, which seemed to turn the ordinary field into a sea of diamond. Etria and her two students had begun training early to prepare for Ryaal’s test. 
“Remember what I said of using the energy around you. Its flow is as abundant as its power. Use it. Join it with what you’ve learned and unite it with the reason you fight. Feel it become an extension of you. Make your opponent feel your strength.” She instructed as the three began sparring. 
“Both of you attack me.” She ordered.
The two looked at each other, smiled, and then ran at Etria who cast them both aside as though they were more annoyance than threat. 
“You’re not concentrating. You’re not focused. Why do you fight? Will you smile when your friend is in danger? Will you think it a joke when you face your enemy? When you feel my sister’s sadness, will you smile then?” She asked loudly while raining blows upon the two.
 Harder and faster she attacked before knocking the two of them on their backs for what seemed like the hundredth time. 
“Time out. Time out.” Connor exclaimed breathing heavily. 
Etria ceased her attack.
“There is no time out in war. You fight or you die. Are you unfamiliar with the concept?” She asked.
“At the rate you two are going, Ryaal will be dead by tomorrow night! Is that what you want?” She inquired angrily.
Their playful expressions quickly changed to those of determined focus. They jumped to their feet and began attacking again. This time faster but only landing a few blows which left Etria unphased. 
“Feel your anger. Embrace it. Couple it with why you fight and the energy flowing around you and stop fighting like pathetic humans!” She demanded loudly.
 Hearing this Connor reared back his fist which he noticed felt both lighter and heavier at the same time. He threw it catching Etria in the chest and sending her flying back fifty feet and knocking her off balance. Connor stopped, scared that he may have hurt her.
“Finally! Again, come at me.” She ordered.
Alina sprinted forward faster than she had ever moved. She jumped in the air and landed a kick to Etria’s cheek which sent her spinning to the ground. 
“Excellent!” Etria exclaimed pushing herself back up.
“You’re getting it…and by the looks of it, just in time.” She added.
The two noticed she was looking past them. They turned and saw Lucian heading towards them. Excited to see the friend they grew up with, the two ran quickly towards him.
“Luc!” They both yelled excitedly.
As the two approached and opened their arms to throw them around their smiling friend, he instantly changed back to the massive Ryaal who swatted both of them away like flies.
“You must be prepared for anything.” Ryaal scolded the two now getting back up from the ground.
Connor became furious. He ran towards Ryaal and threw the punch that sent Etria reeling backwards. Ryaal caught it with no effort and threw his friend as though he were discarding a gum wrapper and continued moving forward. Alina sprinted and attempted her flying kick. Ryaal caught it while she was still in the air and using her own momentum, threw her even further in the direction she was already travelling. By this time Connor was back on his feet and stood waiting for Ryaal to attack. 
“You said they were ready?” Ryaal commented as he stopped and stood next to Etria. 
“They are just warming up and, in all fairness that was a bit of a dirty trick.” She said, looking at Connor with a smile.
“Would you have thought it a better idea for me to walk here in my regular form? Besides, my grandfather gave me a gift and it is proving more difficult to use than I thought. I can only stay in another form for only a few minutes.” He replied.
“I am sure you will figure it out, but for now Ryaal, go attack him.” She instructed.
Ryaal headed toward his friend intent on proving why they should not come with him. He did not want to hurt them, but if it were to save them in the long run, he would do what he felt necessary. Connor looked past Ryaal to Etria who continued her smile at the young human and added a wink. Connor saw this and felt something different…a new reason to fight. Ryaal threw a heavy punch at his friend who had already expected it. To his surprise, Connor dodged and threw a heavy blow of his own to Ryaal’s chest. He felt it.
A second later Ryaal felt a crushing pain in his lower back. Alina had landed a very powerful punch of her own and Ryaal never even heard her approach. It was as though she danced her way there atop the blades of grass. Ryaal recovered while holding both his chest and back. He smiled in approval of his friends and spoke.
“Now let us get serious.”
Ryaal threw another punch at Connor who again expected it and caught it. He also caught a thundering kick with his chest which he didn’t expect. As his foot left Connor’s chest, and Connor left the ground, it swung back ferociously and found its place on Alina’s chin. The two went sailing through the air. Ryaal stepped back so both of them were in his field of view and when they began their descent he figured that was the end of it for his friends. They would not get back up…they would not go with him...they would be safe. 
However, Ryaal was quite surprised as he watched both of his friends land on their feet and as soon as they touched ground sprinted at him from opposite directions. He thought, for a second, about how fast they were moving towards him and that second was all they needed. Alina slid taking out his legs while, at the same time, Connor delivered a smashing blow to Ryaal’s jaw. The two sent their large friend crashing hard to the ground. Ryaal stood, still a bit surprised, and looked approvingly upon his friends.  He turned and headed towards the tree line frustrated. Not because they put him on his back, but because he may have to take them with him, ultimately putting them in great danger. 
They looked at Etria with confusion. She shrugged her shoulders in response and their attention turned back to the Akirian who was now snapping branches off trees. After gathering a small stack he turned and faced his friends. He dropped the branches on the ground in front of him, all but one. He looked at Alina and smiled. She saw this and felt comforted. Ryaal’s smile quickly turned to a grimacing smirk as he launched the makeshift spear at his friend. Her eyes widened as the branch flew through the air towards her head. She quickly leaned back as it flew over her left shoulder. 
Connor saw this and turned his attention to Ryaal and noticed a branch now soaring towards him. Connor smiled, as he expected this. He stepped right and grabbed the spear in mid air. With the momentum gathered by the flying object, he spun and threw it right back at Ryaal with even more speed. Ryaal grabbed it in return stopping it instantly in his vice like grip. He tossed it to the ground bent down to the woodpile in front of him and grabbed three more branches in each hand.
When he stood, he threw one handful at Alina. She jumped and flipped in the air as all the branches sailed towards her. While upside down she caught one as it passed, righted herself while still in the air, and launched it back at Ryaal before her feet even touched the ground. Etria let out a little jump of excitement upon seeing what her student had just performed, then quickly regained her composure. 
Ryaal dipped to the right letting the spear pass and it slammed into a tree, sticking there like an arrow shot from a bow. Ryaal nodded his head in approval and then turned his attention to Connor.
He launched the second handful. Connor watched the projectiles approach. He had no intention of moving out of the way. He clenched his fists, then his jaw, and threw three of the quickest punches Ryaal had ever seen, each finding their mark at the front of the makeshift spears and shattering them completely. Etria clasped her hands together as she tried to contain the excitement and pride she had for her students.
With stone faced expression the two stared intently at Ryaal as if to say. What else ya got? 
Ryaal bent down to the pile of wood and grabbed three long staff like branches and began to approach his friends. As he got closer he tossed one to each of them and the instant it touched their hands he began his assault.
He swept Connor’s legs out from under him and continued the swing towards Alina’s head. She ducked and Connor was back on his feet swinging for Ryaal’s head. He leaned back and as he did, Alina saw her chance. She swung her staff at the back of Ryaal’s legs and brought them right out from under him. Anticipating this move, Connor immediately struck Ryaal in the chest sending him crashing even harder to the ground. As he brought his staff back up he knocked Ryaal’s from his hand and into the air. As his back hit the ground, Ryaal’s friends each put a foot on his chest. Alina caught Ryaal’s staff on its descent and all three branches were held against the warrior’s neck.
“So…are we ready?” Connor asked.
Ryaal smiled at his friends and stood.
“Head back to the house. I need to speak with Etria.” He answered.
They tossed their makeshift weapons to the ground and began walking. Ryaal walked over to Etria.
“You’ve done an excellent job with them. However, I would be interested to know how you taught them to hit so hard.” He said.
“A girl’s gotta have her secrets. Besides, I don’t think they would have done nearly as well if they hadn’t been doing it for you.” She responded.
The two looked on as Connor and Alina walked through the field. Ryaal felt a great sense of pride towards his friends, not because they had become so skilled so quickly, but simply because they were his friends. He had also felt a great sense of sadness that they would so eagerly and selflessly put their lives on the line for him. 
“In the short time I have known them they have changed the way I look at their whole race. I see why you are so protective of them.” Etria revealed.
She smiled, knowing she too was becoming protective of them and with that knowledge there came an intense sadness at the thought of what could become of them. She began to realize a small bit of what Ryaal felt daily and she began to hurt for him too.
“Where is this place?” He asked.
“It is about a day’s travel from here. We should leave tonight.” She answered.
Chapter 18

“What’s it like?” Connor asked as the two readied the truck for their trip to the gate. 
“What is what like?” Ryaal replied staying focused on the task at hand.
 	“You know, combat…war.” Connor answered.
Ryaal stopped and turned towards his human friend. “Do you really want to know?” He answered. 
Connor saw the expression on the warrior’s face and thought for a moment. 
“Yes.” 
“Sit. I will tell you what I know of war.” Ryaal instructed as the two sat down on the stonewall lining the driveway.
	“It is something only a warrior can truly comprehend, as it is many things. At times it is exhilarating. When you face death at every second…you’ve never felt more alive. Realizing what you are capable of when trying to survive can make one feel…godlike, but terrifyingly small at the same time. It does at times, feel surreal. When you step back and take in the scope of battle throughout history, you realize that you are part of something larger than one could ever truly understand. But above all else…it hurts.” 
Ryaal’s eyes diverted toward the ground, as if remembering a specific time. 
“When I would head off to battle, I would often look upon my friends and fellow warriors and wonder if they would still be there tomorrow. I would watch them laugh and joke with one another. I would try so hard to etch the sound of their laughter into my mind so that if they were not there tomorrow, my memory of them would be one of their happiness. But far too often, they were not there the next day and the memory of their laughter was instead replaced by the sounds of their screams. There is no more godlike feeling when that happens. There is only the feeling of hopelessness.” 
Ryaal fell silent for a moment as he remembered the fallen.
	“When the battles are fought, the war is won, and we return home, it does not end for the warrior. The memories do not stay with the fallen on the battlefield. They are with you always and they weigh so heavily on the warrior’s soul. The nightmares always come. The questioning and second guessing of my actions are always present. The faces of both enemy and friend are there to greet you when you close your eyes and the sounds of battle can be heard long after the fighting is done. For the warrior, war is not temporary. The madness of it becomes a part of you. I consider it both a benefit and a curse. 
Benefit, because I am in a constant state of ready. Throughout my mind, throughout every day, I run countless scenarios preparing myself for every possible situation I can imagine. 
Curse, because it is so completely exhausting, often to the point of physical pain. There are times when I feel I’ve already died and the nightmares and memories are the penance I must pay for all I have done.
	However, for the truly fortunate, there is something to look forward to. You may one day meet someone who changes your entire life. Someone you never would have thought existed. Someone whose mere smile can make all that pain go away.” Ryaal looked to the sky with a slight smile as he remembered her. 
“Someone who consumes your thoughts so completely, there is simply no room for pain or hurt.” He added.
“Someone like Kara?” Connor interjected. 
Ryaal looked at his friend with a slight smile. “I must ask you something now my friend.” 
“What is it man?” Connor replied. 
Ryaal hesitated for a moment before continuing. “I must ask you to stay behind, you and Alina both. It is not right for me to put you in such danger. Please…do not come with us.” 
Connor looked at his massive friend confused and after a moment stood and faced Ryaal. 
“Sorry man. No can do.” He answered. 
“I would rather die a thousand times helping you get her back, than live once here, in safety. You’re my best friend, as a human or a big ass alien, and if there is anything I can do to help you get back what you love most, what makes you happiest the most, then I’ll do whatever it takes. And I know Al would do the same.” 
“Ryaal!” Etria interrupted before he could offer any resistance to Connor’s decision. 
“What is it Etria?” He answered while still looking at his young friend. 
“It is time to go.” She informed.
Chapter 19
The steady growl of the old Ford Bronco’s engine brought a soothing sound to the group as it headed purposefully over the barren road leading out into the desert. Ryaal turned and looked at his friends in the backseat, who had fallen asleep leaning against each other. His thoughts had become consumed with Kara, more now than ever. He felt tidal waves of feelings swirl about inside him. Anger over what his father and brothers had done, sadness of losing his grandfather, a nervous uncertainty of what might become of his dear friends, but what he felt most was pain, crippling, and searing pain for his beloved Kara. He knew full well that he may not come out on the other side of the battle he had sought. He also knew that by the end of it, she would be safe. He would see to that. 
“How much further is it?” He asked Etria, quiet enough to ensure he didn’t wake his friends.
“A few more hours, you should rest Ryaal.” She answered.
 He took Etria’s advice and shut his eyes, but instead of the rest he so desperately needed, all that came were thoughts of his Eternal. He remembered their last day together. Sitting atop the cliffs overlooking the vibrant valley, this was their spot. For them it had become the one place in time and space where everything else silently slipped away. In this small nook between knowing and forgotten, she rested her head on his shoulder as they spoke to each other without saying a word. All their emotions felt by the other. They smiled and were so incredibly content in one another’s company, they could have stayed in that spot for eternity. 
Ryaal stared out over the lands at all the beauty they offered and thought how they paled in comparison to the magnificence resting on his shoulder. Kara lifted her head stealing his attention. He looked over at her and noticed her eyes, glistening a brilliant rose gold, something he hadn’t seen before. Then he felt it.
A great surge stopped his breath. His eyes widened and his entire body became weak. The feeling lasted but a moment but he knew what it was. In her deep gaze, she gave herself to him completely. She had bonded to him completely. Ryaal felt a deep peace and immeasurable warmth wash across his entire being. He placed his hand on her silken cheek and kissed her so deeply the two of them no longer existed as separate beings. They had become completeness, two halves of the same whole.
Kara felt a surge similar to that she had given him and with the same breath taking, body weakening feeling, she felt something else as well. She felt overwhelming strength and safety. Ryaal had given himself completely to her in return. She realized that a part of his soul had now become part of her and she felt more love in that brief exchange than she’d ever experienced in life or in all the knowledge of life she had ever acquired.
“Would you go somewhere with me?” She asked her warrior.
“There is not a place in existence I would not go to with you.” He answered. Kara smiled.
“Where do you wish to go?” He asked looking back out over the valley.
“Anywhere…let us leave here and find a place that is just ours. A place where none would find us and we could spend our days wrapped in each other’s arms. Could you do it? Could you leave everything behind?” She asked.
“Everything I hold dear is with and within you and could never be left behind.” He told her.
She smiled as her eyes sparkled even brighter and asked, “What of your people my love?”
“My grandfather and I have chosen a path for our people. He will lead them as guardians. He will work side by side with Larak and the Ishra. No more wars for conquest, only as a last resort, if needed, to protect and enhance life.” He answered.
“Ryaal that’s wonderful.” She said sitting up and giving the topic her full attention.
“There is a wondrous future in store for our people…for all throughout the universe. He does not need me for this. You and I should leave this night. Our days are for us now and what magnificent days they shall be.”
Her body began to glow a radiant violet pink.
“I love you Ryaal. With everything I am, I love you.” She told him.
“I love you Kara. With all that I am and all I could ever hope to be…I love you.” He kissed her, not knowing that it would be the last time.
“I must speak with my father and tell him of the decision my grandfather and I have made, then I will meet you back here.” He told her.
“I too shall speak with my family and then we will leave together.” She responded with a glowing smile.
Ryaal’s body jerked violently, waking the two in the backseat.
“What the hell was that?” Connor asked half awake.
“Oh no!” Etria exclaimed.
“I think he’s remembering something, something bad.” She informed.
In Ryaal’s unconscious state, dreams of sitting with Kara and their plans to leave together had quickly changed to flashes of her in chains. He began thrashing violently, almost tearing the vehicle apart from the inside.
“Ryaal!” Etria yelled swerving erratically while trying to control the vehicle. He awoke with a terrible scream.
“How much further is it?” He asked ferociously.
“Less than an hour.” She answered. “Are you alright?”
Ryaal stared out the window at the desert landscape racing by, his chest heaving as he tried to regain control of himself, giving no answer to Etria’s question. The next 45 minutes passed in uncomfortable silence, each traveler contemplating the events that lay before them.
“That’s it, on the other side there.” Etria motioned toward a massive boulder in the middle of nowhere and far back from the main road they had been travelling.
“That’s just a big ass rock.” Connor observed loudly.
“It’s meant to look like that.” Etria answered.
“It is in fact a gate. These are scattered throughout many worlds and it is how I got here. It is how Ryaal’s Grandf…” She stopped and looked at the warrior. She didn’t mean to mention his grandfather.
“It is alright.” He told her, staring at the huge rock.
“I remember this place. It is hazy, but I remember being here…with him.” His attention was averted by a rather large and seemingly unnatural formation of rocks only yards away from the monolithic boulder.
“I remember that.” He said motioning structure. “There’s something there.”
“What do you mean?” His two friends asked in unison.
“I don’t know, I don’t remember exactly. I just know that something is there.” He answered.
Ryaal stepped out of the truck and headed toward the rocks. Seeing his massive frame walking through the barren landscape gave his friends the first glimpse of what he might have looked like on an alien planet.
He approached the pile and dropped to his knees a few feet away from it. He sat there for a moment or two, completely still. Suddenly, he began clawing at the ground, heaving dehydrated chunks of dirt from the Earth. After a few minutes he stopped and was again motionless. He bent down into the hole and pulled out a large silver box.
“Did the big guy just find buried treasure?” Connor asked jokingly from the backseat.
“No.” Etria stated.
Connor could see a slight smile form on what he thought were her perfect lips.
“I believe he just found his grandfather’s war chest.” She stated proudly.
Alina now saw the expression Etria held and asked what that meant.
“His grandfather must have planned for the possibility that he or Ryaal would one day be compromised. What is in that chest are their weapons and battle wear. Ryaal will not be walking into this fight unprepared.” She answered.
The three exited the vehicle and approached their friend who had not yet opened the chest.
“Whatcha got there big guy?” Connor asked, already knowing thanks to Etria.
“It is one last gift from my grandfather.” Ryaal answered scanning every inch of the large trunk.
He opened the chest and in it they saw two Arc staffs, which began to glow a brilliant blue light as though they were happy to see him. Each staff had a symbol that seemed to be emblazoned at their midpoint. One symbol was that of a golden triangle with what seemed to be a silver thunderbolt inside it and on the other, a platinum shield with a crimson crescent shape in the center. They were identical to the one Ryaal had taken from his brother with the exception that the symbol on that one was more of an ivory shield with an onyx band around it, the entire symbol trimmed in silver. Ryaal took them from the chest and stood. He turned to Etria and extending his hand he said,
“I want you to have this.”
“Ryaal, that belonged to your grandfather…I couldn’t possibly…” She started.
Ryaal interrupted. “Had it not been for you Etria, my brother would have killed my friends, myself, and who knows how many others. My grandfather gave his life…” Ryaal paused.
“…to protect me. I know he would be honored, as would I, if you would accept this.”
Etria accepted and said, “I am honored to wield the weapon of one of the greatest Akirian’s who ever lived. Thank you Ryaal.”
Upon that she began to bow to him as she had once bowed to his grandfather. He stopped her.
“You are Etria of the Ishra, you are sister to my Eternal, making you sister to me. You bow to no one.” He told her.
 She stood as a tear befell her cheek. Not a tear of sadness…but one of pride.
He then turned to Alina. He again extended his hand and in it was his own Arc staff.
“I’ve known countless warriors throughout the universe and few have fought with such a poetic ferocity as you. Since I first met you, I’ve known you to be fearless, brave, and compassionate, all the things that make a truly noble warrior. It would be my great honor if you would accept this.”
Alina looked at the amazing weapon and then to her giant friend.
“The honor would be mine Ryaal.” And she gratefully took the weapon from him.
He then turned towards Connor with his brother’s staff in hand and began.
“My brothers and I were once very close. The combination of power, battle, and my father has corrupted them. The weapon I hold belonged to my brother and with it he caused immeasurable pain to innocent beings. With this weapon…he killed my grandfather. You have been my brother for some time now and I know, that should you accept this weapon, you would return the honor, the courage, and the strength it deserves. Brother, would you do me the honor of accepting this?”
Connor looked his friend in the eyes and gave his answer.
“Absolutely. I won’t let you down.” He added.
Ryaal put his hand on his friends shoulder. “That is the one thing you could never do.” He told him.
“Now, I must ask the three of you to do something.” Ryaal continued.
“Whatever you need Ryaal.” Etria answered for the group.
“Close your eyes and with a firm grip, imagine that the weapon you hold was created specifically for you. Feel it as an extension of you. Believe that it has always been a part of you.” He instructed.
The three did as they were told and within a moment they all began to cry out in pain. They all attempted to drop their weapons which were burning into the hands that held them. The weapons did not budge and the burning continued for another moment and then suddenly, all the staffs fell from the open hands to the ground. In their hands, branded forever, were the symbols of their weapons and as quickly as they burned themselves into the hands of their owners, they healed over, leaving a painless scar in the shape of their respective symbols.
“What the hell man!” Connor shouted.
Ryaal gave no answer and instead picked up the three staffs and threw them far out into the desert sand. 
“Dude!” Alina spoke up.
“Hold out your hands and call to your weapon.” Ryaal instructed.
“Do what?” Connor asked, surprised.
“Hold out your hands and in your mind, call to them.” He instructed.
The three did as they were told and within a few seconds, each heard a swooshing sound getting louder and closer. Within an instant each weapon quickly found its way into the hand of their owner.
“Are you kiddin’ me man!” Connor exclaimed excitedly.
“That is so friggin’ awesome.” Alina added.
“No matter where they may be, call to them and they will find their way to you. They will never fail you. Now, imagine any hand to hand weapon. See it in your mind then see it in your hand.” He instructed.
Again, the three did as they were told and within seconds each staff morphed into the weapon its owner called for.  Connor’s changed into a dagger, Etria’s changed into a katana and when they looked over at Alina, were not surprised to see a massive battle axe larger than her body.
“How are you holding that?” Connor asked, surprised that his petite friend was easily wielding such a massive weapon.
“It’s super light.” Alina answered, just as surprised herself.
“When they attached themselves to you, they made themselves aware of everything you are capable of. No matter the size of the weapon, it will be custom fit to precisely what you can handle without ever becoming cumbersome. It will always feel as though you are moving only the weight of your arm and nothing more.” Ryaal informed and then nodded to Etria.
With that, she took Connor and Alina by the hand and led them over to the boulder.
“Ryaal needs to be alone for a few moments.” She said.
“Why?” Alina asked.
“He is to put on his battle wear now. I imagine he will incorporate his grandfather’s wear with his own. When an Akirian dresses for battle, it is a ceremonious act. He must sit in silence and reflect on why he fights. It is a way for them to remember the battles and lessons learned from the past. They connect with the memories of the garments. As such, it will strengthen him further and give him battle knowledge held only by his grandfather as he will incorporate his wear into his own.” After a few moments the three could hear heavy footsteps approaching. Ryaal appeared in full battle gear, but not the gear of a regular Akirian warrior, he appeared wearing the battle wear of a King.
“I want to thank you all for doing this. I do not know where I would be if I did not have the three of you.” He told them before motioning to Etria to join him in speaking privately. She acknowledged and the two walked a short distance away from Connor and Alina.
“You must promise me something Etria.” He told her.
“Of course, what is it Ryaal?” She asked.
“If at any point, things look as though we may not survive, you must swear to me that you will take them and run. You must promise to bring them back home safe.” Ryaal instructed with heavy hearted sincerity.
“I swear to you Ryaal. If need be, I will keep them safe. You have my word.” She replied with the same sincerity.
As the two made their way back to their human friends, Etria spoke up.
“I should let the two of you know something. When we travel through this gate, it will take a serious toll on you. When we arrive on the other side, you will need time to adjust.”
“What kind of toll?” Alina asked.
“Well, when you first enter the gate, it will feel like every atom, every cell in your body is racing to get ahead of itself and then all of a sudden slams to an instant stop. When you reach the other side of the gate, you will feel as though you were pulled through a hose and beaten along the way.” Etria answered matter-of-factly.
“Not many humans have travelled through gates like this. There have been some who haven’t made it. Their psyches broke or their bodies couldn’t take it and they died.” She added.
“That doesn’t sound so bad.” Connor responded with an uneasy sarcasm.
“I have no doubt that you two will make it through just fine.” Etria said, believing her words quite strongly.
“You are every bit as strong as Ryaal has told me, and I too am honored to fight alongside you. I would also like to thank you for helping us.” She added.
“Well, I guess it’s about that time then. It would seem we have an appointment for some ass-kickery and what kind of uncivilized people would we be to keep those a-holes waitin’. Let’s light this firecracker!” Alina added enthusiastically.
With that, Etria smiled and turned to face the large rectangular doorway carved crookedly into the rock face. She closed her eyes and extended her hands down with her palms facing the boulder. It was quiet at first. Then suddenly, the ground before them began to tremble as a sliver of light broke through the rock and quickly spread, filling every inch of the carved doorway. Etria grabbed Connor by the hand, smiled at him and said, 
“Just in case.”
She pulled him in close and kissed him deeply, sending a surge of adrenaline rushing through him and without waiting for a response, she pulled him into the light and they were gone.
Ryaal looked at Alina.
“What was that all about?” She said confused
“Yeah, that was weird right?” Ryaal smiled in agreement.
The light hearted smiles they held at their friend’s awkward moment quickly faded and Alina’s look become one of complete seriousness.
She looked into the brilliant light of the gate and then back to Ryaal.
“No matter what happens, I wouldn’t have changed anything. You’re the best friend any girl could’ve ever asked for. I love you Lucian.” And with that, she turned and headed fearlessly into the unknown.
Ryaal stood there for a moment, hoping his friends had made it through but trying to prepare himself for what he might find on the other side. He closed his eyes and visions of his grandfather’s smile, he and his friends walking to school and laughing, and Kara looking at him with those captivating eyes flooded his mind. At that second his eyes widened, his teeth gnashed, he dug his feet into the desert sand and charged through the light, headed for home, headed for his greatest battle, headed for Kara.
Chapter 20

	A brilliant light ripped through the rock face as Connor came crashing through. He fell to his knees, gasping for air and holding his head which felt like it had been bounced off a sidewalk. A second later Etria came through, fatigued but in a far better state than Connor. She rushed to his side and began to rub his back in an effort to calm him.
	“It is alright. You’ve made it. Just breathe and try to relax. It will pass.” Her calm and relaxing voice instructed him.
Her soothing words were soon interrupted by the sound of someone vomiting. She turned and saw that Alina too had made it through the gate, though not in much better shape than Connor. 
“It is alright you two. You have made it. The ill feelings will soon subside.” Etria assured the two.
“Move and you die?” A gravelly voice stole Etria’s attention. She raised her head and to her horror, saw four massive Akirian guards staring down at them with weapons drawn and ready to end the trio.
“Ewww! What are they? They look…unformed.” One of the guards spoke up.
“I do not know.” The largest of the three answered. With a giant scar draped across his face, he seemed to be the one in charge as the other three stood behind awaiting his command.
“Grab them. Keep them on their knees.” He ordered. 
Connor and Alina quickly snapped out of their sickly stupor, as the crushing grip on their necks forced their eyes to the ground.
“Who are you?” The scarred Akirian demanded of Etria. Instead, Connor answered for her.
“Tourists.” He answered with his signature wise assery. 
“Might you be so kind as to direct us to the gift shop?” He continued.
Connor and Alina began to laugh but Connor’s was quickly interrupted by the Akirians large boot to the side of his face. As the blood began to leak steadily from his mouth, another Akirian attempted an answer.
“Maybe they were sent through by Rek. He will most likely be through next.”
“I don’t think you’ll be seeing him anytime soon.” Alina informed.
“What do you mean?” The scarred guard snarled as he crouched low and close to the young girl’s face.
“He’s all kinds of dead.” She answered proudly as she turned and faced her captor.
“Ha! By your hand?” The guard laughed back at her, amused at the thought of something so small killing an Akirian like Rek.
“No.” She answered more seriously this time.
“My very good friend killed him. You should’ve seen it. He didn’t stand a chance.” She said, almost sounding as though she were trying to provoke him.
“Is that so?” The Akirian questioned, now closer to the young girl’s face and finding no amusement in her words. 
“And who exactly is this friend of yours?” He asked.
Alina raised her head and stared directly into his shark like eyes and with pride and defiance, answered.
“You call him Ryaal.” She answered.
The Akirian became fear stricken at the very mention of his name, as he stood and staggered back in disbelief.
“You lie!” He screamed at her.
He raised his hand to slap the young human and at that moment, the blazing light again ripped through the rock face. The blue light of the gate silhouetted the massive warrior as he stepped through and slowly surveyed the situation. A moment later the light subsided and the rock face returned to normal. As it became evident that the massive figure was in fact Ryaal, the Akirian guards gasped.
“Oh you guys are screwed now.” Connor spoke up.
Ryaal’s eyes grew wide as he grabbed his head and began to scream so violently loud that it forced everyone to cover their ears. After what seemed like an eternity, Ryaal collapsed.
“Son of a….” Connor started.
“What happened to him?” Alina yelled to Etria, who had been dragged to the farthest end of the group.
“He’s closer to her now. Their souls are screaming out to one another and the pain caused him to collapse. We are on our own until he recovers.” Etria informed them.
“Alina! Get ready.” Connor ordered. 
“Hey, numb nuts.” He called to the guard still holding him by the neck. 
“I found this weird stick. Do you know what it is?”
Connor asked as he slid the Arc staff from his sleeve and slammed it into the ground. The guard leaned forward to see what it was. Connor quickly changed it into a long spear which shot up through the guards face, killing him instantly.
Alina saw this as her chance and quickly pushed herself back through her captor’s legs, breaking his grasp in the process. He turned quickly to regain control of his prisoner but she was already on her feet. She jumped, threw a quick and vicious left hook that caught the Akirian in the throat. She then pulled the Arc staff from her waistband changing it into a short sword, and drove it hilt deep into the Akirian’s chest, twisted and pulled it back out. She landed on her feet as the guard crashed to his knees, dead.
Connor and Alina looked to Etria who had just broken her guard’s neck, when she motioned towards Ryaal. The two looked and saw the lead Akirian sprinting towards him, war hammer raised and ready to end the incapacitated warrior. They threw their weapons with incredible force, hoping to halt the attack on their unconscious friend. Connor’s spear found its mark in the Akirian’s back and pierced him completely. Alina’s sword found its place in the side of his head. His lifeless body crashed to the ground hard and slid to a stop, just inches from Ryaal.
“Are you two alright?” Etria questioned with big sister concern while patting them down, ensuring they had no wounds.
“I’m alright.” Alina replied. 
“I think were good.” Connor answered.
Etria put a hand on each of their shoulders and looked them in the eyes with great pride.
“You did very well.” She praised.
“What’s happening to him?” Alina asked looking at Ryaal whose skin had begun to turn a deep and void like black.
Etria smiled sadly. “He is taking some of her pain.” 
She answered as a tear slipped down her cheek, unable to imagine how much pain her sister must be in. 
“I thought he might do this.” She said.
“Does it hurt him?” Alina asked.
“Immensely.” Etria answered, turning her attention back to the young girl.
“Can we help him?” Connor asked.
“No. We can only wait.” She answered. 
“Come, gather their weapons.” Etria motioned towards the petrified corpses that had tried to take them prisoner. 
“We will make camp here until Ryaal is ready.” She told them.
Chapter 21

	He could see her now. Though his body lay motionless, Ryaal’s mind was raging uncontrollably. He could see her in the tower. Knelt with her head down feeling alone and afraid. He could see his father, looking upon her with a sense of both victory and disgust. He could see what his home had become. The majestic buildings and wide city streets that had once glistened with pride and honor had now dulled over with an immense sadness. His people had hidden themselves away in their homes so as not to become open targets to their own armies.
	The vast majority of warriors had given their loyalty to Syrk and with no war to fight, had begun to turn their aggression and frustration towards the very population they were supposed to honor and protect. Those who had sided with Syrk had changed in some way. Not physically, but their behavior, their demeanor had become jagged and disfigured. The Akirians had always conducted themselves with nobility and honor. Now they just seemed murderous and savage. Etria noticed it the minute she’d seen them and she now stared upon their death statues with bitter contempt.
“Are you alright?” Connor’s voice interrupted her gaze.
“Yes…Thank you for asking.” She answered, snapping out of her hateful stare.
“This place is ridiculous.” Connor continued.
“I do not understand.” Etria said, confused at the comment.
“How is this place deserving of mockery?” She asked.
Connor laughed. 
“No. That’s not what I mean.” He said smiling as he looked out over the landscape. 
“I figured that a planet populated with mighty warriors would look more like a military base and not a paradise. It’s just so…beautiful.” He clarified.
What his eyes had taken in had struck awe in him which he had never known before, but that would soon be surpassed by something far more breathtaking. Their current position found them on a mountain top which overlooked a seemingly infinite landscape. Waterfalls cascaded over cliff faces like an endless flow of diamonds gliding over platinum silk. Lakes like liquid glass, both deep purple and crystal clear, were scattered perfectly throughout the lands. Mountains stood high like silver glaciers carving into the sky and shimmered golden when smiled upon by the aureolin sun. Cyan clouds floated high above celadon green trees, providing shade where needed. Etria slid closer, pushing gently against Connor’s side.
“Do you see that place, far on the horizon?” She asked as the warmth of her body temporarily distracted him.
Realizing she had asked him something, he returned his attention and looked in the direction she was pointing. As he did, he saw a sparkle in the distance.
“Yeah, what is that?” He inquired.
“That is my home.” She told him smiling.
Connor saw how happy thinking about her home had made her. 	
“What’s it like?” He asked.
She stared off in the distance, fondly recalling her memory of home.
“It is so beautiful.” She said with soft reminiscence.
“Describing it in simple words would do it no justice. You would have to see it.” She told him.
Connor took her hand, stealing her attention back to him.
“I would very much like to.” He told her. The two sat quietly staring into each other’s eyes.
“Get a room much.” Alina’s voice interrupted their intimate staring contest, as she dropped a pile of wood.
“Oh, we’re just…” Connor began.
“Yeah yeah, whatever.” Alina again interrupted. 
“We should talk about what we’re looking at here.” She added.
“You’re right. Let’s get started.” She replied.
The three friends sat across from one another as Etria began. 
“The Akirian city is about four days travel from here. We can expect more guards like these along the way and most likely in far larger numbers.” 
Etria became silent at the very thought of what exactly may lie ahead. She knew what to expect, but seeing the Akirians again and knowing how long Ryaal has been away from battle,  cast a slight shadow of doubt in her mind as to whether or not they could make it to their destination.
“How much larger? Like…a hundred?” Connor asked.
“Hundreds…thousands more likely. Ryaal would know better than I would.” She answered.
“What!” Connor exclaimed in disbelief. 
“How the hell are we supposed to do that? Do you see how big these guys are? Seriously, there are only four of us. Well, most of the time.” He said, looking over at Ryaal.
“I don’t know, Connor.” She answered.
“I mean, I’m not crazy right? Al, don’t you think that’s a bit much? Connor continued.
“You never know what you’re capable of if you don’t push yourself.” Alina answered giving more attention to the fire pit she was trying to construct than Connor’s question.
“Besides…” She started, now turning all her focus to Connor. “…we’re here for a reason. Our friend needs us and nothing would stop him from helping us, right?”
“You’re right Al, my bad. Whatever we have to do…we’ll do, no matter the odds.” Connor replied.
“That a girl.” Alina teased, turning back to her project.

Chapter 22

	“Are you not concerned as to the present state of things?” Gryn asked his father as they surveyed their home city from the outskirts.
“No, I am not. Before things can be built anew, there must be a destruction of the old.” Syrk replied.
“Does it not bother you father, the condition of our people.” Gryn asked as they turned and began walking back toward the city.
“How do you mean son?” Syrk replied.
“Look at them father. They scurry throughout the city like fearful cowards. They are no longer the proud Akirians they once were. They no longer carry themselves with dignity. It is shameful!” Gryn barked out at a young Akirian hiding along the walkway.
“We are a war faring society my son. Without a war to prepare for or victory to celebrate, they feel as though they have no purpose. The important thing to remember is that our armies are strong and ready to fight. When your brother returns with Ryaal’s head, our people will be rejuvenated and we shall bring the might of the Akirian’s crashing down throughout the universe, starting with the Ishra. Once we have acquired their knowledge, we will conquer everything. If our people cannot conduct themselves accordingly by then, they will be exterminated as quickly as any other enemy.” Syrk replied.
“Do you believe Rek will succeed?” Gryn questioned.
“Your brother is the greatest assassin our people have ever known. He has never failed before, what makes you think he would now? Do not underestimate him.” Syrk answered.
Hearing this, Gryn stopped and looked at his father. 
“Perhaps your memory of Ryaal has faded. Do I need to remind you of all he has accomplished in the name of our people? There is a reason you sent Rek and not some petty functionary. He too should not be underestimated.” Gryn’s words seemed to enrage his father. 
“If you ever speak in praise of that traitor again, I will have your throat! Ryaal betrayed our people the second he bonded with that female and it would’ve been just a matter of time before he lead them against us. When Rek returns with his head, you will see how inferior he was.” Syrk responded angrily.
With that, he began ascending the long stairs leading to his stolen throne. Gryn turned his attention to the tower which held Kara. As she sat there completely still in her knelt position, he couldn’t help but question the actions of his past. He cared a great deal for his brothers and though he would never express it out loud and fought hard against the thought, he often wished everything was the way it used to be. If given the chance to do things differently, he would’ve defended his brother instead of branding him a traitor. It was then that he noticed something disturbing. Her skin was no longer the midnight black of sadness. Instead, it had lightened to a more ashen grey color.
	Gryn motioned for the two Akirians standing guard at the foot of the long stairs and gave them his orders.
	“Leave the city immediately. Go to every outpost and put them on high alert. Tell them, if anything or anyone gets past them, they will answer to me.”
	The guards nodded in compliance and left quickly to carry out their orders. Gryn’s menacing stare fell once again upon the beautiful prisoner as he ascended the stairs to join his father.
Chapter 23

	The sun had begun to set as Connor and Etria started making a fire. Alina sat motionless, her chin placed firmly atop her knees as she stared at Ryaal lying unconscious, as though she were trying to will him awake. A low grumble was heard as he began to move.
	“Hey!” Alina yelled excitedly as she hurried to her feet. 
“He’s awake!” 
	Connor and Etria stopped what they were doing and the three rushed to their friend’s side. Ryaal attempted to push himself up off the ground but struggled. His friends were quick to grab him and help him to his feet. They helped him walk over to the fire and sat him down.
	“What happened to the guards?” He asked, still a bit sluggish.
	“Don’t worry man, we took care of ‘em.” Connor answered.
	Ryaal looked around and by the glow of the fire he could see the stone corpses in their various death poses.
	“Not bad.” He said, returning his attention to the group.
	“Are you going to stay like this?” Alina asked, referring to Ryaal’s obsidian skin and now noticeable crimson eyes.
	“I do not know.” He answered. 
“Everything happening now has never happened before.” He added.
	“If it’s any consolation man, I think you look pretty bad ass.” Connor shared his thoughts. Ryaal responded with a slight smile.
	“Does it still hurt Ryaal?” Etria asked.
	His smile quickly faded and instead of answering her question, he asked one of his own. 
	“Why are you still in human form?”
	Etria lowered her head as though she were ashamed of something.
	“My knowledge of forms is nowhere near the level of your grandfather’s. If I were to change…I would not be able to take this form again.” She answered.
	“Why would you want to keep an untrue form? There is no reason in that.” Ryaal asked confused and when he did, saw an almost bashful look dart from Etria to Connor and then back to the fire.
	“DUH!” Alina interjected. 
“She obviously likes Connor and feels that if she were to change her form, he wouldn’t like her back. Don’t you know anything about girls?”
	An awkward silence fell over the group.
	“Please excuse me.” Etria said as she stood and walked hurriedly away.
	“Great job.” Connor said angrily as he stood and headed off after Etria.
	“You’re an idiot.” Alina told Ryaal as she poked at the fire.
	“What? I didn’t…you said…never mind.” He returned.
	“Are you alright?” Connor’s voice broke quietly through the night as he approached Etria sitting at the cliff edge where they had been together earlier that day.
	“I don’t like you.” She answered defensively. 
“You are arrogant and overly sure of yourself. Intellectually, we are not even close to the same level. How could I possibly like you?” She asked, trying to convince herself why she shouldn’t have those kinds of feelings for a human. For this human.
	“Are you flirting with me?” Connor asked with coy sarcasm.
	Etria laughed and realized instantly why she did like him. Why she more than liked him. He took her away from herself. He was a welcomed distraction from all the chaos in her life. She stood and approached him, taking his hands in hers. She smiled at him, closed her eyes, and turned her head skyward. A moment later a light began to emanate from her entire body. A light so brilliant and bright, Connor had to look away.
	A moment later the light subsided and Connor returned his gaze to her. What he saw captivated him completely. Standing before him was Etria in her true form. While her shape remained athletic and statuesque, her long, shimmering, blaze red hair stood out like wildfire against her arctic silver skin. Her face was concentrated beauty with angelic grace. 
In his eyes, she was a goddess. In her eyes Connor saw both infinite mystery and answer to all questions his heart, soul, and mind could ever hope to ask. She looked at him, waiting for a response but, he had none.
	“Why do you not speak?” She asked confused and sounding a bit disheartened.
	“I…I can’t find the words.” He answered sheepishly.
	“Does my appearance offend you in some way?” She asked tilting her head trying to understand why her crush couldn’t find the words.
	“No!” His answer came as reflex and without a second’s hesitation.
	“It’s just…I thought you were so beautiful before, and now…”
	“I understand.” She said sadly as she lowered her head in disappointment.
	Connor stepped towards her and placed his hand on her silken cheek, lifting gently until their eyes met once again.
	“I don’t think you do.” He told her.
	“For the rest of my life, I will struggle to find beauty in anything, because I see it all right here, right now as I look at you. You have stolen my thoughts, my mind, and my heart, much to my agreement as I could never imagine anyone ever holding them but you.” 
	“Connor.” She said softly as her expression changed to one of great relief and flattery.
	“Do you really mean that?” She asked, still trying to understand why this young human’s opinion meant so very much to her.
	“With all that I am.” He answered with an intense maturity she had not before seen in him.
	She stepped closer and kissed him deeply, making mere seconds seem like days. When it was over, she placed her hands on his chest and with her head nestled softly against his whispered, 
“We should get back.”
	Hesitantly, and wanting nothing more than to stay in that place with her forever, he agreed.
Chapter 24

	“Whoa!” Alina exclaimed, directing Ryaal’s attention to Connor and Etria as they arrived back at camp.
	“That’s what you really look like?” Alina asked, awestruck. 
She stood and began circling Etria, taking in her remarkable form. 
“Why would you ever want to look like one of us?” She continued playfully.
	Ryaal looked at Etria. He smiled in approval of her decision to return to her true form. A smile that soon faded as her appearance brought images of Kara flooding into his mind.
	“We need to discuss what’s ahead.” Ryaal spoke up. 
They all took a seat around the fire as he began.
	“About half a day’s travel from here, there’s an encampment. In it, will be about two hundred more Akirian warriors.”
	“What? How do you know that?” Connor asked.
	“Our city is very large. However, it is not large enough to contain the entirety of our armies. They are broken down into smaller encampments located throughout the lands. I know this because I designed the layout for the troop encampments. But do not worry, I will take care of that one.” Ryaal answered.
	“Yeah right.” Connor laughed as he looked around at the others and then back to Ryaal. 
“I love ya big guy, but I don’t think you can take on two hundred of these monsters by yourself. No offense.” He continued.
	“Connor.” Etria interrupted. 
“What you saw of Ryaal on Earth was not proper indication of his abilities. His name alone has defeated armies of thousands.”
	“It is alright Etria.” Ryaal continued. 
“It is not the two hundred you need concern yourself with. The closer we get to the city, the larger the encampments will be.”
	“How much larger we talkin’?” Alina asked.
	“In the thousands.” Ryaal answered.
	The group fell quiet. As they contemplated what lie ahead, there was only silence. Each of them tried to imagine what lie ahead and how they would fare against it. Alina was eager to fight, her only concern was for her friends and she knew what she was willing to risk to help them. Connor felt the same. No matter how much he would overreact to numbers or size of the enemy, he would not fail them. In addition, he wanted nothing more in the world than to watch over Etria.
	“It is not too late.” Ryaal offered.
	“Not too late for what?” Alina asked looking a bit confused.
	“For the two of you to return home.” He answered.
	“And miss a fight?” Alina said excitedly.
	Connor looked at Etria, who quickly returned his gaze and, for a moment, they were again lost in each other.
	“I’m not going anywhere.” Connor spoke loud enough for the group to hear but his comment was directed only at one person.
	“Nor am I.” Etria answered back.
	“Well then.” Ryaal said as he stood and faced his friends. 
“Let’s go start a war.” 
He turned and headed in the direction of the first encampment. His friends stood, looked at one another, grabbed their weapons and bravely followed their massive leader into the night.
Chapter 25

	As dawn broke, the group arrived at a hill overlooking the majestic landscape for miles. However, their target was much closer. Ryaal motioned silently for the group to get low and stay quiet. The four inched closer to the edge of the hill and saw the enemy encampment directly below. After getting a good look, Connor, Etria, and Alina moved slowly back from the edge. The looks they gave one another silently relayed the fear they felt. Etria instantly felt a strong sense of regret for bringing them into this. She now knew what Ryaal felt about putting his friends in this kind of danger. 
	Etria fought the urge to grab the young humans and get them far away from that place. Speaking of two hundred Akirians was a stark contrast to seeing them, just yards away. Ryaal stayed locked into his overlook position, the way a mountain lion would when stalking its prey. His hands grabbed tightly at the ground beneath them, itching to do the same to the flesh and bone that defended those who took her from him. Far in the distance he could faintly see the tower where Kara was being held and something primal and violent snapped inside him.
	“Stay here.” His quiet growl commanded.
	Ryaal stood defiantly atop the hillcrest. No more hiding. No more planning. No more talking. It was time for him to share his pain. He leapt silently off the hill but his powerful legs slammed into the ground below instantly demanding the attention of the entire camp. For a moment there was no movement, no sound as every warrior’s murderous gaze fell to Ryaal. Some thought they recognized him. Some were clueless as to who the dark Akirian standing fearlessly before them truly was. Some were horror stricken as they looked upon their idea of death incarnate. After a moment the silence was shattered by the sounds of the savage mob all rushing to attack. Arc staffs morphed into all manner of deadly things. Bladed and blunted battle instruments all sailed towards Ryaal, hoping…needing to find their mark.
	The closest made it to within an inch of his neck and Ryaal’s motionless body exploded to life with murderous grace. Swaying and weaving in between death blows, Ryaal began his symphony of bloodshed. Taking the weapons of those he’d killed by a punch to the throat or quick neck snap, Ryaal began slicing and slashing his way through the mass. Heads, legs, and arms flew through the air like confetti in some sort of macabre celebration. His friends watched from atop the hill in utter disbelief. Never before had they seen anything so violent, so terrifying, so…perfect.
	They watched as their blood spattered friend painted the landscape with the colors of death. The look on his face was of both serenity and hatred. He felt their every move before they made it and executed them quickly and viciously, the whole time never losing focus on the tower in the distance. The last Akirian fell with his own weapon lodged in his forehead as the bodies around him, in their various death poses and pieces began turning to stone. Ryaal stood triumphant and unscathed among the carnage, which now resembled the aftermath of a fallen skyscraper with all its concrete chunks strewn about. The blood of his enemies dripped steadily from his hands as each drop glistened in the early morning sun.
	“Are you entirely sure he needs us?” Connor asked.
	No one answered as they proceeded down the hill towards their friend. They approached as he stood facing the tower.
	“Nice work, big guy.” Connor said.
	“It shouldn’t have been this way.” Ryaal replied with his back still facing the group.
	“These were my people. My father’s rule has twisted them...disfigured them.”
	Ryaal turned and began heading in the direction away from the tower.
	“Ryaal!” Etria called out. “Where are you going?”
	“To Shi’ Kar. I must speak with Larak.” He answered back, not breaking stride.
	“What’s that?” Connor asked.
	“That is my home.” Etria answered softly.
“Looks like we’re crashin’ at your place.” Alina added as she put her hand on Etria’s shoulder. 
Etria smiled at the thought of returning home. Before going to Earth to find Ryaal, she had spent all of her time moving through the lands of Theros, hiding from the Akirians and looking for any way to get to her sister. She had not seen her family since Kara was taken and wondered if they thought she too had been captured, or worse. She felt a nervous but happy excitement well up inside her.
“He’s getting pretty far ahead. We should probably catch up.” Connor suggested, still standing by her side.
She turned to him and smiled.
“Yes. Let’s go.” She replied.
Chapter 26

	As he sat upon his stolen throne, Syrk’s attention was grabbed by a slight movement coming from his prisoner.
	“Did you see that?” Syrk questioned the guards positioned to his front, atop the stairs.
	“See what, Great Leader?” One of the guards asked, turning in the direction of Syrk.
	“That…moved.” He said, pointing to Kara as though she were more inanimate object than living being.
	“There!” Syrk yelled.
	“She’s doing it again!”
	This time they saw it. Though the movement was slight, it was noticeable. Her head had begun to sway ever so slowly, as someone waking from a coma.
	“Find Gryn! Get him here now!” He commanded.
	The guards rushed off as ordered and soon found Gryn in the city center, sparring weaponless against thirty armed Akirians. They were hesitant to attack the larger than normal warrior, even though they were the ones with weapons. When half moved in to attack at once, the reason became evident. Gryn began to attack with the same violent fluidity as his legendary brother. Every blow he landed seemed to shatter the bones of their owner. It was over in seconds and Gryn’s sparring partners lie scattered, broken, and coughing up blood.
	“Gryn!” One of the guards called out.
	“Your father requests your presence immediately.” He informed.
	“I’m busy!” He snapped, turning his back to the messengers.
	“It is the prisoner.” The guard continued. “She is…moving.”
	Gryn’s attention quickly returned to the guard.
	“What did you say?” He asked, now approaching the messenger.
	“She has begun to move and your father has requested you return to him…now.” The guard repeated.
	“Go!” Gryn ordered. “Tell him I am on my way.”
	As the guards rushed off, Gryn turned to his sparring partners.
	“We will continue this another time.” He informed before heading off to see his father.
	A collective sigh of relief came from the remaining Akirians. They did not want to spar with Gryn in the first place. He was a monster. The biggest Akirian to have ever existed, Gryn was known for his preference of physically beating his enemies to a bloody mush. In the eyes of Akirians, Gryn was the definition of beast.
	“What is it?” Gryn asked, approaching his father’s throne.
	“See for yourself.” Syrk responded angrily, pointing to the tower.
	Gryn turned his attention towards the prisoner and saw the slight movement his father referred to.
	“That! That is nothing.” He responded.
	“Nothing!” Syrk snapped back.
	“Go to the outposts. See if anything is amiss and report back to me immediately.” He ordered.
	“I’ve already sent guards to the outposts.” Gryn informed.
	Syrk lunged at his monstrous son and grabbed him tightly by the throat.
	“You Go! Prove that it is nothing!” He growled inches from Gryn’s face before shoving him back.
	“GO!” Syrk demanded even louder.
	Like a child caught stealing a sweet, Gryn’s head hung low.
	“Yes father.” He snarled.
	As Gryn turned and headed off to investigate the lands, Syrk’s sinister gaze fell once again upon the beautiful prisoner. He felt off. He felt something awry as he watched her slow movements. An unsettling discomfort took home in his gut and fearful thoughts swelled in his mind. He motioned for one of the guards he had sent out earlier, who quickly responded. 
	“Bring me the Abomination.” He ordered quietly and without taking his eyes off Kara.
	The guards face twisted in disgust and he hesitated. Syrk noticed no reply or movement coming from the guard and turned his menacing stare towards him.
	“Do you want to die today?” He asked calmly.
	The guard thought for a second about the order he was given as well as the follow up question, contemplating the lesser of the two evils.
	“I would rather die than free that monstrosity.” He answered defiantly.
	In the blink of an eye, Syrk lunged and threw a devastating punch to the guard’s throat, breaking his neck instantly. The guard dropped lifeless at his feet and turned to stone. Syrk quickly brought his foot smashing down on the death statue, shattering it to pieces. He then looked to another guard.
	“Bring me the Abomination.” He ordered.
	The guard looked at his hate filled leader, then at the bits of stone scattered about. He nodded his head and then left to carry out the order. Syrk took his seat upon the throne and turned his attention once again towards the tower.
	“Clean this mess up.” He demanded quietly at the remaining guards. All the while locking his gaze upon Kara and watching her every movement.
Chapter 27

	“I hate to be that guy, but how much further?” Connor asked as the foursome traversed the magnificent landscape of Theros.
	“It’s not far now.” Etria answered.
	Her smile locked him in and he failed to see the rock in his path, jutting up from the ground. Alina saw it but decided it would amuse her more to leave him unwarned. Connor tripped and stumbled, tried desperately to recover his balance, but crashed to the ground instead. Alina broke out in hysterical laughter causing her to stop and crouch, holding her sides. Ryaal quickly turned his attention to the commotion behind him and saw Connor pushing himself back up off the ground. Realizing what happened, a smile broke on his face and he quickly began laughing along with Alina.
	“Yeah, laugh it up you two. Real mature.” He said, with frustration.
	“At least someone has some…” He turned to Etria to finish his praise but saw her tightly covering her mouth with both hands, so as not to laugh.
	“Really! You too?” He exclaimed.
	Connor’s reaction put her over the top and she too erupted with laughter.
	“We’re supposed to be a team ya know.” He tried to reason.
	“Someone should’ve told me there was a rock there.”
	His anger and frustration served only to make the situation more comical and his friends began to laugh even harder.
	“Whatever!” He exclaimed, storming to the front of the group and continuing their trek.
	The laughter began to subside when Ryaal spoke up.
	“Connor!” He called out.
	“What!” He answered without looking back.
	“It’s this way.” Ryaal pointed in the right direction as Connor stopped to look.
	“Whatever.” He said, changing course.
	The group’s laughter again escalated at their friend’s frustration. The next hour was spent mostly in quiet with the occasional, Con, watch out for that rock coming from one of the group, followed closely by laughter from the others. Connor was not amused.
	After travelling for a couple more hours, the group stopped and became completely silent. Before them, not far in the distance was their destination, the Ishra capitol, Shi’ Kar. Connor and Alina were amazed by the overwhelming beauty of the city before them, while Ryaal was flooded by more painful memories. Tears streamed down Etria’s flawless face as she once again looked upon her home.
	“I never thought I’d see it again.” She spoke softly.
	The smile she held on her face slowly faded as her eyes rose to the sky above her home. Connor noticed.
	“Etria, what is it?” He asked.
	“The clouds.” She answered.
	Connor’s focus turned to the enormous, deep blue clouds resting high above the city.
	“What about them? They’re clouds.” He said, matter-of-factly.
	“They’re not dancing.” She responded sadly. “I had forgotten they stopped.”
	They’re not what?” Alina asked, surprised at the possibility of dancing clouds.
	“Our home world is very much alive. All are.” She said, turning her focus to Alina.
	“We live in complete harmony with our world and in return, it does so with us.” She informed as her gaze returned to the clouds.
	“Before all this, you could look to the skies and the clouds would change color and part to let the sun shine on you. It was there way of smiling at you.” She smiled in fond reminiscence.
	No one noticed the smile form on Ryaal’s face as he too remembered how it once was.
	“You could easily lose the day watching them swirl and sway high above you. Now they sit motionless waiting for things below to be made right again. Do you see that violet glow, faintly emanating from within the city?” Etria pointed at her home as the young humans nodded. 
	“That does not come from my people. It is our home calling out to my sister. It feels her pain and is weeping for her.”
	Alina found a deep and beautiful sadness in what she had just heard and her resolve to help rescue Kara grew even stronger. It was such for all of them. 
Connor stood amazed at the city before him. Buildings, taller than any he had ever seen back home, soaring high into the sky as though reaching to touch the majestic clouds that one time danced and played above them. What looked like transparent walkways connected the entire city together in such a way that there seemed to be only a few joining the massive city together.
The combination of the faint, violet glow and amber sun rays peeking through heart wrenched clouds was utterly sublime as it shimmered and glistened off the ivory and gold that accented every crystalline structure. Connor was not a religious young man by any account, but seeing this place, in all its radiant elegance, brought to his mind the thought that maybe heaven was a real place. A physical place like the one before him and, if so, could it be this beautiful?
“Let’s go.” Ryaal commanded softly.
He began walking towards the city that had captivated them all for the last few moments. Connor and Alina looked at each other in wide-eyed silence. Their expressions asking, Can you believe this place? Can you believe we’re here?, as they too headed towards the city.
Etria waited for a moment still taking in the city she had not seen in far too long, before she too headed with quiet excitement, towards home.
Chapter 28

	As he stopped and stood at the entrance to the long silver and golden trimmed walkway leading into the city, Ryaal thought about how the Ishra would feel towards him or if they would even remember him. Would they run at the sight of the obsidian skinned Akirian? Would they blame him for what’s happened to Kara? Had they believed the twisted lies spread by his father and brothers? He remembered crossing this walkway everyday with his brothers when they studied at the Ishra Academy. He remembered holding Kara’s hand as they left the city and headed towards their spot on the cliffs overlooking the valley.
	“Ryaal!” Etria’s voice interrupted his thoughts and he noticed his three friends were already halfway across the impressive footbridge.
	“You want me to hold your hand big guy?” Alina asked with the wiseass sarcasm usually employed by Connor.
	Ryaal shot a look reminding her how unafraid he was of anything and how unamused he was by her offer.
	“Alright, settle down, I was just kidding.” She responded.
	Ryaal began to cross as the others continued forward. A few moments later the group arrived at the monolithic archway granting access into the city. Through it they could see the residents milling about in the streets and in the city square. Etria instantly noticed something startling.
	“Ryaal.” She whispered in a confused and worried tone.
	“What is it?” He asked as he made his way to her, not yet looking towards the city.
	She responded with no words, only the point of her finger. Ryaal looked in the direction she pointed and was immediately bewildered by the sight that filled his crimson eyes. Among the Ishra people walking around with their poetic and intellectual grace were, in vast numbers…Akirians! Ryaal drew his weapon and the others quickly followed suit as the four proceeded cautiously into the city square, hoping to go unnoticed as long as possible.
	It was an Ishra citizen that noticed them first and her glance quickly spread like wildfire. All eyes in the city square fell upon Ryaal. They loudly and collectively gasped at the sight of the massive warrior as their faces became masked in fear. All but one. A very tall and elderly Ishra approached Ryaal, expressionless and with no fear about him at all. He stood before the great warrior and said nothing, only staring into blood red eyes as if he were searching for something…for someone. After a few moments of tense and complete silence the elder Ishra placed his hands on each side of Ryaal’s face as a great smile stretched across his own.
	“It is so good to see you again, Ryaal.” The elder Ishra said.
	The crowd stood waiting, expecting the Akirian to react with swift violence. Instead, a great smile spread across his face as it had with his former instructor.
	“Larak.” Ryaal greeted.
	The two threw their arms around one another the way only great friends can, as a sigh of relief swept across the large crowd. After a moment Larak stepped back. Still beaming, he spoke again.
	“Welcome home Etria.” He said with great sincerity, turning his attention to the brave daughter of Ishra.
	“Hello Larak.” She said smiling as he stepped forward and embraced her as well. 
	“We have missed you so.” He told her as he stepped back and held her with extended arms. “Welcome home indeed.” He repeated with a great smile.
	“There are people I would like you to meet.” Etria said as Ryaal stepped aside, moving his massive frame and unveiling Connor and Alina. The crowd again gasped, this time at the small strange beings. Larak’s eyes and smile grew even wider as he pressed his hands together in amazement.
	“Humans!” He exclaimed with great excitement. 
He quickly stepped forward and bent down to get a better look at the smaller beings. He bowed slightly and extended his hands to the two as though he were an English gentlemen meeting the queen.
	“It is my great pleasure to meet you.” Larak told them with a warm smile which was immediately returned by the two humans, who felt very welcomed by the warm greeting. 
	“The pleasure is ours sir.” Alina responded on their behalf.
	Just then, a pair of voices was heard as it moved hurriedly through the crowd.
	“Etria?” The voices questioned in unified disbelief.
	Larak, still smiling, stepped aside. A short distance behind him Etria could see who spoke her name. She could not hold back her tears as she spoke.
	“Mother…Father.”
	They ran to one another and embraced so tightly it was as though they would never let go. Tears streamed and streaked down the faces of the not yet complete family and the happiness that emanated from them quickly spread throughout the crowd. Mother held son, father held daughter, those without children or mate, held each other. The sight of Akirian holding Ishra gave Ryaal a glimpse of the future his grandfather had not been able to realize.
Chapter 29

	Ryaal soon noticed that Etria and her parents were ending their hug and that Etria’s mother, Rana, was directing her attention towards him. Seeing the look on her face, the look only a mother who’s suffered great loss can hold, Ryaal hung his head in shame. He felt disgraced. He felt an overwhelming sense of failure wash over him. Even with his head low he noticed her moving towards him. Apart from his time with Kara, this is the most vulnerable he had ever been and if she decided to plunge a blade deep in his heart for what has happened to her daughter, he would do nothing to stop her.
	 Instead, he felt a soft warm hand take place on his cheek as she raised his head to meet her sparkling, tear filled eyes. The look on the great warrior’s face was of a child on the verge of tears. When he looked at her she smiled with deep sadness and overwhelming motherly love. She was not angry with him in the least, but that did not stop the tears from streaming down his face.
	“Oh Ryaal.” She said with great love and concern.
	“What did you do?” She asked softly, referring to his raven black skin.
	Through tears he answered.
	“I tried to take her pain away.”
	Hearing this, the tears fell even faster and with more frequency from Rana’s amethyst eyes.  She pulled the great warrior in close and hugged him tightly.
	“I am so sorry.” He told her.
	As the embrace ended, she once again placed her hands on his face and directed his eyes towards hers.
	“Oh Ryaal, you needn’t ever be sorry for what has happened. It is no fault of yours. She has been taken from you as well and I know how great your suffering is. And I know, with all my being, that you will bring her home safe. Now come…” She instructed as she gently wiped his eyes and then hers. “…it is time for our people to meet their true leader.”
	As she walked him slowly through the mixed crowd, Ishra and Akirian both looked upon the sculpted warrior in an attempt to discover who he was. As they ascended a small set of stairs and arrived at a raised, podium like structure in the heart of the city, Rana raised her hands and the already hushed voices in the crowd became completely silent. She then motioned for Ryaal to join her. He obliged and in turn, motioned for his friends to join him. As they all took their place atop the platform, Rana began to speak. 
	“My fellow Ishra. Our dear Akirian friends. For too long now we have been at the mercy of Syrk and the Akirian armies. They have forced some from their homes. They have murdered those who have stood against them. They have taken loved ones as prisoner.” 
Rana fell silent for a moment as she remembered her daughter and all those who had fallen. Her head hung low as she fought back tears, but after a moment, as she raised her head to again address the crowd, it held no look of loss, no look of sadness, no look of remorse. Instead, her expression had changed to one of hope and with it, extended promise.
	“Today, our people, our families, and our world have gained their greatest ally. For the true Akirian leader has returned home!” Her voice rose loud with excitement and pride.
	“Ryaal has returned!” 
	The shocked gasps echoed throughout the city. Rana looked to him and motioned for him to stand before the people. As Ryaal stepped forward the crowd quickly fell silent and then a moment later, erupted in thunderous applause. Ryaal was taken aback by this as he quickly realized they had not bought into the twisted lies cast by his father and brothers. They knew he was not capable of the atrocities he was framed for and for the first time since they arrived, he felt like he was home again. 
They knew what had been taken from him as well and though they couldn’t fathom his pain, they could see it in the color of his skin, for it exemplified the darkness of despair. Ryaal stepped forward to address the crowd and they again fell quiet, giving him their full attention. With anguish in his blazing red eyes, he spoke.
	“My dear Ishra. My brother and sister Akirians. No words can express the sorrow I feel for what you have had to endure in my absence. No words I could ever speak could replace all that’s been lost. But know this…I will take back all that has been taken from us. Those responsible will pay for their villainy in blood and will no longer be afforded the privilege of life. And upon their destruction, upon the ashes of all that has transpired, we shall build together a new future for the Ishra and Akirians. Our people shall work together to ensure injustice like this never happen again, here or in any other worlds. My grandfather envisioned the future of our people as that of guardians and guardians we shall become!” 
	At first his words were met with silence as the crowd took it all in. But, as Ryaal turned to look towards his friends, a roar exploded from the crowd. His words had inspired them. They would no longer stand for the injustice and pain that had been inflicted upon them. Nor would they stand for it to happen to others. They were ready to fight and they now had their leader. They now had something that had done so long without. Hope.
Chapter 30

	Ryaal approached his friends waiting at the rear of the podium platform, as his eyes held steady to the sky. It was as though he sensed something.
	“I will return soon.” He said, returning his attention to Etria, Connor, and Alina. He then shifted focus only to his human friends.
	“You will be safe here.” He told them.
	“Where are you going?” Alina asked with concern.
	“I must see to something.” He answered and began to walk away.
	“Whoa man!” Connor exclaimed. “What are we supposed to do?”
	Ryaal stopped and motioned toward the crowd. 
“Make friends.” He told them.
	They watched confused as he proceeded to leave the city.
	“Well, you heard him.” Alina said as she descended the stairs, heading towards the crowd. She soon disappeared among the much larger beings, who couldn’t wait to meet her.
	“Would you come with me?” Etria asked, turning to Connor.
	“Where?” He asked knowing his question was meaningless as he would follow her anywhere.
	“I would like for you to meet my mother and father.” She answered in an almost bashful tone.
“You guys call ‘em mother and father too?” He asked, a bit surprised at the shared parental terms.
	“Well of course. Why wouldn’t we?” She replied.
	“It’s just that…we do too.” He answered.
	Etria looked at him with a warm smile.
	“Mother and Father are universal Connor. Everywhere you go you will find this to be true. Different races may have their own way of pronouncing it, but its origin is always The Mother and The Father, The Creator and The Protector.
	Connor looked deep into her blissful eyes.
	“I would very much like to meet your mother and father.” He said with the most sincere smile.
	As she took his hand and led him to meet her parents Alina continued to immerse herself in the crowd. Watching the Ishra in their flowing robes and radiant, flawless skin of varying hues, she began to feel as though she were in the company of angels. 
	Just then, the sound of two large Akirians approaching quickly stole her attention. As they approached, one bent down and met her gaze only an inch or two from her face.
	“Are you…unformed?” He asked with simple curiosity.
	He meant no offense with his words, but Alina, remembering the last time she heard that, certainly took offense.
	“The last one of you to say that is now a giant rock.” She answered.
	The inquisitive warrior stood upright rather quickly, his face showing interested disbelief.
“You do not speak true.” He replied.
 “Oh…you want some?” She inquired unafraid.
“Do I want some what?” The Akirian replied with confused frustration.
“Some of me kickin’ your ass!” She replied defiantly.
“Are you challenging me to a fight?” He asked, uncertain.
“No.” Alina said calmly.
“I’m challenging you and your boyfriend.” She clarified.
“Ha! We accept your challenge!” The inquisitive Akirian barked back before motioning to a sparring circle, usually used by students of the strategy school, not far ahead.
Alina headed quickly in the direction he pointed as the two followed behind. The quiet one leaned over to his friend and asked, just loud enough for his friend to hear, 
“What is a boyfriend?”
“I do not know.” The other answered angrily.
“However, the way she said it was indicative of insult.” He continued. 
Their expressions quickly changed to one of great displeasure as they simultaneously let out a gruff, growl like grunt and continued on to the sparring circle.
Chapter 31

	Entering the sparring circle, Alina took her spot as the two Akirians moved to theirs on the opposing side, about thirty feet away. As a large crowd began to gather, Alina continued her verbal attack.
	“My name is Alina. I’m from Earth and I’ll be kickin’ your ass today.” 
She said it as though she were a server informing them of the day’s specials. The two Akirians looked at each other not fully grasping the trash talk, but getting the gist of it. 
	They growled loudly and sprinted towards her, an action the young girl quickly returned. Within a few feet of her opponents, Alina dropped and slid through the quiet ones legs as the two Akirians swung viciously at the now vacated space in front of them. Once through, Alina jumped to her feet, turned and threw a ferocious kick, finding its mark between the quiet one’s legs. He dropped to his knees instantly, holding himself and writhing in great pain. 
	She quickly ran up his back and leapt into the air. Using the technique Etria had taught her, she pooled the energy surrounding her. As the remaining warrior turned to see where she had gone, Alina’s fist came crashing down on his jaw with thunderous force. His body spun two full revolutions before he crashed flat on his back. Alina landed with catlike grace and immediately noticed the awestruck crowd, silent and with mouths agape.
	She turned and approached her downed opponents, who were now both on their hands and knees. She crouched down before them and loud enough for only them to hear asked, 
“How’s that for unformed?” 
	The massive warrior’s looked at one another and then back at the young girl. The laughter that soon erupted from them was hearty and loud and of great approval. Alina smiled and extended her hand to help them up. Once on their feet again, they raised the young girl’s hands signifying her as the victor and almost lifting her off the ground in the process. The crowd cheered excitedly at the display of skill and sportsmanlike conduct as the inquisitive Akirian leaned forward toward Alina.
	“My name is Maruk. My quiet friend here is Taruk, my brother. I look forward to fighting alongside you.” He told her
	“As do I.” Added Taruk, still unable to stand completely upright.
	A great sense of pride swelled inside her as the three left the sparring circle and headed back into the crowd.
Chapter 32

	“That’s my girl.” Etria exclaimed proudly. The two had stopped their ascent of the long staircase leading to her parent’s home to watch over their friend.
	“Why do I feel she just had the easier task?” Connor asked.
	Etria turned to him with a smile. “Are you nervous Connor?”
	“Whaaat? No…Yes, terrified.” He answered with playful nervousness. “I never met a girl’s parents before.”
	“Awww. You must really like me.” She said teasing as she cuddled against him.
	He had tried to play it cool, but the truth was he absolutely adored her. He now felt that his sole reason for existence was to protect her, to care for her, to show her every second of every day how much he loved her.
	“Are you ready?” She asked before entering the large circular room overlooking the city, where her mother and father would be.
	He looked in her eyes and a surge shot through him. It wasn’t nervousness. It wasn’t excitement or fear or doubt. It was something else. 
	“I’m ready.” He answered with a smile.
	Hand in hand they entered through the large circular door and into the great room.
	“Mother, Father.” Etria called.
	“Yes Etria.” Her mother answered as the unlikely couple entered further into the room.
	“I would like you to meet someone. This is Connor.” She informed.
	“Connor, this is my mother, Rana and my father, Laros.” She introduced.
	“Yes Etria. We know. We met your companions earlier.” Her father replied looking a bit confused at the reintroduction.
	“No. Father…Mother. This is Connor.” This time she pulled him close to her as the words took a different form. They no longer sounded introductory. She was presenting him.
“Oh!” Her parents said simultaneously.
“Etria, may I speak with you privately?” Rana asked.
“Of course.” She answered, walking to her mother.
“Come Connor. Let us give them some privacy.” Laros said.
He put his hand on the young man’s shoulder and led him to the far side of the room and through a great archway leading onto a balcony. The view was spectacular. From their vantage point, the view before them consisted of the tremendous body of crystalline water that bordered the outer edges of the Ishra city. When they first entered the city they got a small glimpse, but only of the waves underneath the walkway. Now, the view was enormous. Small shimmering waves gently massaged the blue-green coastline, which stretched as far as the eye could see. It was here Etria’s father would test the young man without his even knowing it. 
Laros was a high elder and very respected among the Ishra. His knowledge was that of thought and intent. By merely focusing his attention on someone, Laros could learn their character. He could see their potential, or lack of, and assess whether or not they would be suited for a particular undertaking. Many an Ishra came to Laros to better learn what their field of study should be. He would tell them what they would best be suited for and they would pursue knowledge in that area. This helped all Ishra to become masters of their specific knowledge. 
As he looked upon the young man and began reading the content of his heart and mind, Laros quickly realized that the breathtaking view off the balcony held no interest for Connor, for his attention was directed elsewhere. All of Connor’s focus was transfixed upon a view that held far more significance and beauty to him. His gaze was held steady on Etria. Laros saw within him unparalleled happiness, as thoughts and visions of his daughter swirled about in the young man’s heart and mind.
Then, Laros saw something within Connor that startled him. He saw within the young man the capability for destruction on a most massive scale. It frightened the elder Ishra, until he delved deeper into the young man’s psyche. He soon realized that this incredible and destructive power was not only unknown to Connor, but that it lie dormant. It lay in wait for the poor, unknowing soul that would dare make the mistake of harming Etria in even the slightest of ways. Laros was no longer startled but comforted by the fact that, within this young human, lie the power to destroy world’s if it meant protecting Etria. This ability for destruction was something only seen one other time by Laros. He needed to see no more to know the content of this young man’s character and what lie in his heart.
	He again placed his hand on Connor’s shoulder gaining his attention. Connor looked up at Laros who in turn, looked upon the young man with respect and approval. As they turned and looked back into the grand room, they saw Etria and her mother looking upon them. Laros smiled at Rana and nodded his head in approval, a gesture that Rana returned in the same manner. Etria looked at Connor who was of course already staring at her, and motioned her head towards the door. Connor smiled and nodded in agreement and then turned to Laros.
“It was an honor meeting with you sir.” He said.
“I can assure you Connor, the honor was mine.” Laros returned.
Connor smiled and excused himself as he headed to meet Etria at the door. Hand in hand and lost in each other, they headed back towards the city.
“What did you see Laros?” Rana questioned as she made her way across the great room and stood at his side.
“Do you remember when Kara came to us with Ryaal?” He replied.
“I do.” She answered softly, fondly recalling happier times.
“That is what I saw.” Laros answered with a smile.
“And what of our daughter?” He questioned.
As Rana nestled closer to Laros, she gave her answer. “You know our Etria. She has always been defiant. But for him…she would defy death itself.” 
Chapter 33

	Gryn stood amongst the stone bodies in disbelief as the questions rushed rampantly throughout his mind. Who is foolish enough to attack an Akirian encampment? How many did it take to decimate two hundred warriors? Where were they headed next? As the internal inquiries thrashed about, Gryn searched among the carnage for any clue as to who might be responsible for the attack and why. With his thoughts so consumed by the task at hand, he failed to realize Ryaal standing only a few yards away. With almost no effort, he could end Gryn before he ever knew what hit him.
	Instead, he watched his hulking brother kick through stone limbs becoming more and more frustrated at the lack of answers. Suddenly, Gryn snapped to attention and quickly turned around as he realized someone was watching him. At first he didn’t recognize the equally imposing figure staring back at him silently, like the shadow he now resembled. It was a few moments before either of them spoke. Gryn studied the Akirian standing before him, unsure of who he was until it occurred to him who the only one bold enough might be.
	“Brother?” Gryn questioned abashedly.
	“Hello Gryn.” Ryaal answered.
	“What…How is it possible?” Gryn stumbled out.
	He no longer acted like the Akirian beast he was known as. Instead, he acted frightened…intimidated. 
	“How could you do it brother? How could you do those awful things? Mother, Grandmother…Kara. How could you take what mattered most to me?” Ryaal barraged his much bigger sibling, searching for answers, trying to understand why it all happened.
“I was your BROTHER!” Ryaal screamed at him, startling Gryn and causing him to take a step back. 
Realizing his sheepish and frightened demeanor, Gryn changed his stance and stood tall and broad, raising his head and perfectly displaying his ominous size. The shame and intimidation left his face immediately as he answered.
“We are Akirian sons. We are loyal to our fathers above all else. You had forgotten that. You were led astray and as such, became a traitor and suffered the consequence. You needed to be punished for your treason.” Gryn growled angrily as his face distorted into pure contempt for his younger brother.
“You think me a traitor because I loved! Of all you know of me, of all you and I have been through together, do you really believe that to be true?” Ryaal shouted back. 
“Everything I’ve loved, you helped take from me. You even sent our little brother to kill me….and grandfather.” Ryaal’s voice softened at the memory of his grandfather sacrificing his life to protect him. 
Realizing Rek obviously failed his mission, Gryn too spoke softly.
“Ryaal…where is our brother?”
Ryaal’s head rose slowly, his crimson eyes now smoldering like fresh embers. The look on his face was venomous as he answered.
“I killed him.”
“You killed him?” Gryn tried not to show how much that stung, but the snarl in his lip displayed his pain. 
It took him a moment to compose himself before asking his next question.
“And what of Grandfather, has he returned as well?” He inquired as he folded his arms behind his back and began slowly pacing. 
His demeanor meant to show a lack of concern for what his brother could do to him. The increased heaving of Ryaal’s sculpted chest began to display the explosive tension beginning to build between the two while at the same time answering Gryn’s question. Gryn nodded in understanding and continued his questioning, seemingly unafraid.
“And what of your plans for me brother? You could have killed me before I even heard it coming. Are you going to spare me?” He asked tauntingly, as if Ryaal had no other option but to let him go.
“No Gryn.” Ryaal answered calmly. “I want you to see the death that comes for you. I want you to be present in all its magnificent horror. I want you to suffer as they have, as she has.”
Fear gripped Gryn instantly as though it were a hand grasping tightly around his massive throat.
“Well then…” The beast responded. 
“…shall we proceed?”
Chapter 34

Without hesitation, Ryaal sprinted towards his brother. Gryn swung his Arc staff out from behind his back as it changed to a massive war hammer. He threw it forward with incredible force hitting Ryaal squarely in the chest, sending him sailing back through the air. As he crashed to his back, his vision of the sky had become filled with Gryn descending towards him, war hammer cocked high above his head ready to strike the death blow upon landing.
Ryaal rolled left, narrowly avoiding the weapon’s powerful and deadly impact. He threw a forceful kick to the side of Gryn’s knee, snapping it and bringing him crashing down upon it. Gryn screamed in pain as Ryaal leapt to his feet and threw another powerful kick, this time to Gryn’s jaw, his anguished scream silenced as blood shot from his mouth. Ryaal made a move for Gryn’s weapon but was grabbed by his ankle and yanked viciously away. Gryn slammed him into the ground with a violent whip cracking motion. Ryaal was dazed and coughed up a spat of blood as he slowly pushed himself off the ground. Gryn stood slowly with the help of his remaining, useful leg.
As Ryaal stood and turned toward his brother, Gryn threw a vicious punch, knocking him back to the ground and a few feet away. Ryaal again rose to his feet, still a bit disoriented. Gryn hobbled quickly toward his brother, hoping to get his back. Ryaal turned quickly and slammed his hands on each side of Gryn’s head, disorienting him instantly. As Gryn tried to shake it off, Ryaal threw a devastating punch landing in the center of Gryn’s face, splitting his lips, and sending him staggering back as the blood began to gush from the giant. Ryaal advanced toward his dazed brother and leapt into the air. He reared back his fist, readying to smash it down on his brother, but Gryn caught him. With his massive arms locked tightly around him, Gryn began to squeeze with all his might. Ryaal attempted to scream in pain but the powerful constriction forbid him the luxury. He knew he had only seconds before the lack of oxygen caused him to black out. Ryaal drew his fist back and started punching Gryn in the side of his neck. The first four blows did nothing, but the fifth blow caused Gryn to loosen his grip just enough for Ryaal to gasp for air. That was all he needed. 
Ryaal locked his hands behind Gryn’s enormous head, locking it firmly in place. He leaned back as far as his brother’s grip would allow and then violently thrashed forward, smashing his forehead into the center of Gryn’s face. He staggered back but his grip held firm. Five, ten, fifteen, twenty times more Ryaal smashed his head into his brother’s blood drenched face. Gryn’s grip loosened. This was enough for Ryaal to bring his knees up in front of him. He placed his feet against Gryn’s massive chest and pushed with all his might, every muscle in his legs flexed and burned, straining to break free. Gryn’s grip broke and Ryaal flew back through the air and crashed hard amongst the stone corpses littering the landscape as he gasped for breath. Gryn staggered quickly backward. Stepping against his war hammer was the only thing that kept him from falling. He then stomped forward a few steps in an effort to show his brother he had plenty of fight left in him. Ryaal sprung to his feet to show he was not done either. Beaten and bloody, the brothers stared at each other breathing heavily, each waiting for the other to make their move.
It was then that Ryaal heard it. Not as memory and not as wish, desire, or imagination. He heard her. Kara called out to him with two simple words. 
My love.
 The soft voice he had not heard for so long had called to him and she knew he would hear. His eyes widened and moved far past his brother to the barely visible tower in the distance.
I’m coming. He promised in his mind, hoping she could hear him too.
Hope and love, hate and rage, fury and ferocity permeated his body as he slowly moved his blazing stare back to his target. He roared as he bolted forward, sprinting toward his brother. Gryn roared back signaling he too was ready to end this. Only one could leave that place. Gryn threw his arms open and out in front of him in an attempt to catch his brother in another death grip. Instead of hitting him head on as Gryn anticipated, Ryaal ducked and rolled right, under his brother’s powerful swing, positioning himself behind Gryn and with his brother’s weapon directly in front of him.
Ryaal grabbed the war hammer and as he swung it viciously behind him, changed it to a katana like sword just as it sliced through the tendons in the back of Gryn’s legs. With a bloodcurdling scream and no more support for the beast’s massive frame, Gryn crashed down hard on his knees. Ryaal rose slowly to his feet and walked around to face his brother who, even on his knees, could still almost look directly into Ryaal’s vengeful eyes. Gryn raised his head. Exhausted and in the greatest pain he had ever known, he gave Ryaal his full attention.
“Well done brother.” He growled approvingly as the pain burned its way throughout his body.
“You know what happens now.” Ryaal stated.
“Yes.” Gryn answered.
“Before we end this…I must tell you something.” Gryn continued.
“What is it?” Ryaal replied.
“It is father…he has released the Abomination.” Gryn informed.
Ryaal’s expression changed to one of shock and disgust as Gryn continued.
“He will employ them as personal guard.” 
Ryaal looked at him, confused.
“Why brother…why do you help me now?” He asked.
“You should know better than most Ryaal. Just because a soldier follows orders, does not mean he always agrees with them.” The two fell silent for a moment.
“One last thing brother.” Gryn continued.
“Know this. If it were to be by any hand, I am honored it is yours. Now…let us end this.” Gryn said raising his head toward the sky and closing his eyes.
“Goodbye brother.” Ryaal said, as the only other sound was of the blade slicing forcefully through the air and then Gryn’s neck. His head rolled and stopped as stone at Ryaal’s feet.
 Gryn was no more.
Chapter 35

	“What’s up love birds?” Alina asked as she approached Connor and Etria standing in the main city street.
“Nice job out there Al.” Connor congratulated in an attempt to change the subject.
“Oh, that? Easy Peasy.” She replied.
“So listen…” Alina continued. “…I was talkin’ to Maruk and Taruk and…”
“Who?” Connor interrupted.
“Those Akirian dudes I beat up.” She answered casually. “Anyway, they told me the reason why so many Akirians are here.” 
“Really?” Etria exclaimed surprised.
“Yeah.” Alina continued. “It turns out there are a lot of Akirians still loyal to Ryaal and his grandfather. None of them believed Syrk’s lies and they’ve stayed behind in the city to get those loyal to safety. Your people welcomed them immediately with open arms. They’re refugees.” Alina finished.
“Where is Ryaal?” Connor asked, scanning the crowd.
	“I do not know.” Etria answered, her gaze searching the opposite direction as Connor’s.
	“I’ve not seen him since after he spoke to the people.” She added. 
“Isn’t that him?” Alina asked as she motioned towards the road leading to the city’s walkway.
Still a good distance from the arched entryway, the trio could not make out the blood spatter on their friend. But as he got closer, Connor noticed something.
“Why is he walking like that?” He asked.
“Like what?” Alina responded with a question of her own.
“Like he just got his ass kicked.” Connor answered.
“Something’s not right.” Etria said. “Come.” 
She ordered as the three rushed to meet their friend at the city entrance. As they arrived, Ryaal leaned against the archway, exhausted.
“Big guy…what the hell happened?” Connor inquired, referring to the blood and bruises.
“I went to see my brother.” He answered.
“What! What were you thinking?” Etria snapped at him, her anger out of concern for both her friend and what they had not yet accomplished. She knew what Gryn was capable of and though she would never admit it, was surprised that Ryaal made it back as well off as he did.
“He is most likely telling your father that you have returned, as we speak! Syrk will send every Akirian he has to raze this city and everyone in it. And what do you think he will do to my sister?” Etria continued her angry rant. 
“What were you thinking?” She yelled again.
Ryaal rose slowly and with a look known for sending entire armies fleeing, he responded.
“Make no mistake Etria. My entire reason for existing is to get Kara safe and I will do that at any and all cost. Do not forget who I am and don’t ever attempt to lecture me again.”
As he walked into the city, Ryaal stopped and spoke over his shoulder to Etria.
“Unless you know of a way to reattach a head…Gryn will not be speaking to anyone.”
With that he continued walking further into the city.
“Hey! Where are you going?” Alina shouted.
“I must speak to Larak. It is why we came here in the first place.” He answered without breaking stride.
His friends soon followed, hoping to find out what was going on.
Chapter 36

“How are you my son?” Larak asked as the giant warrior arrived at his doorstep.
His question was answered as soon as he lifted his head and saw Ryaal leaning against the doorway, holding his side.
“I can only surmise you’ve spoken with Gryn?” Larak asked, approaching Ryaal.
“There is no fighting like that of brothers.” He added.
He could see the pain in Ryaal’s face and offered, “I am sorry for the loss of your brother, Ryaal.”
“You need not be sorry Larak. Such is the way of war. He chose his path and I showed him where it ended.” The warrior replied.
“No matter the enemy Ryaal, there must be a respectful recognition of the loss of life. When it is someone close to you, do not let your final memory of them be the one that has become tainted. Instead, find the best one and remember them at their best, lest that contempt bring you to your worst. Kings should never forget the value of life or they forget what it is they must protect most.” Larak informed.
Ryaal began to smile. “Always the instructor aren’t you old friend.”
“I am merely a lifelong student with a willingness to share what I’ve learned.” Larak replied with a smile.
Ryaal smiled again. “There is something I must speak with you about.” Ryaal informed, just as his friends arrived. Larak greeted them with a bow and returned his attention to Ryaal.
“What is it my son?” He asked while motioning for the group to come in and have a seat.
“Before his demise, my brother informed me that my father has released the Abomination and is employing them as personal guard.” Ryaal said.
“WHOA!” Connor exclaimed. “The What? Abomination? What the hell is that? It sounds big. Is it big? Come on…how big is it?” Connor’s mini freak out would have continued had Etria not leaned against him.
“Breathe Connor.” She instructed, softly whispering in his ear.
“Ryaal, go clean yourself up and tend to your wounds. I will inform your friends of that in which you speak.” Larak instructed.
Ryaal nodded and headed off to take care of himself. Connor leaned forward and looked directly into Larak’s eyes.
“Seriously…how big is it?” He asked in a concerned whisper.
Larak began.
“The Abomination is not so named for their size or appearance. They are not even as large as normal Akirians nor are they an individual entity, as the name would suggest. Their appearance is actually quite beautiful. The Akirians refer to them as Abomination because of a very unique attribute. Before I tell you what that is, I must go back a bit further.”
“They are ancient and from a time when even Ryaal’s great grandfather was just a child. To this day, no one understands how, but the Abomination is the same exact being born to two different Akirian females at precisely the same moment in time. There was a time when they fought alongside their Akirian brothers and fight they did. They were often compared to battling the strongest wind. They would attack from all angles in perfect tandem and with incredible force. It was then that their unique ability came to light. It was soon discovered in the midst of a most brutal battle…that they cannot die. One of them had been decapitated and the other simply picked up the head and put it back on. The wound healed instantly and they went back to fighting like nothing had happened. They possess all of the same skills as any other Akirian, with that one incredible exception. This ability appalled the Akirian people who believe death to be of great significance. As warriors, the Akirians believe that true greatness in battle comes only from the possibility of death. If one cannot die, how can they push themselves to become the greatest warrior? If there were no consequence, would the action even matter? They tried for quite some time to destroy them. They were pierced through the heart, burned alive, and once were even hung by the neck for a thousand days and those were but a few of the methods. They can certainly feel the pain of death and the repeated and unsuccessful attempts at killing them only served to twist their minds out of anguish. Feeling there was no other recourse; they were to be locked away for the rest of time. Never to be seen or spoken of again.” Larak finished.
“Oh, that’s fantastic!” Connor exclaimed with his signature sarcasm. “Giant warrior aliens weren’t bad enough and now there’s two that can’t be killed…Super!”
“Maybe you can drown ‘em in your tears ya big baby?” Alina added, poking fun at Connor’s rant.
“Duh! He said they can’t die.” Connor returned in an effort to save face. It didn’t work.
“That is enough you two.” Etria interrupted sternly.
“Do you not realize how tragic that is? They did not ask to be born that way, yet they were and because they were different they were punished for it.”
“You’re right. I’m sorry.” Connor apologized.
“Sadly, that sounds more human than anything else.” Alina said.
“I’m sorry too.” She added.
“Larak, is there nothing we can do to help them?” She asked concerned.
Larak smiled a warm but almost sorrowful smile. “Etria, while I applaud your compassion, you must realize they will not hesitate to kill you. The years of abuse and neglect have made them insane and murderous. The only help for them now, is death.” 
“How? It doesn’t sound like it’s even possible.”Etria replied.
“I do believe it is.” He answered. “No matter how magnificent, nature does not create what cannot be destroyed.”
“How?” Ryaal’s voice commanded attention as he reentered the room and took a seat next to his friends. 
He seemed no longer injured, at least not bad enough to be noticed, and all the blood had been washed from his obsidian skin. He took a seat beside his friends as they listened intently for Larak’s answer. 
“As they came into life, so must they leave it.” He said.
The group remained quiet, trying to figure out what Larak meant.
“So kill ‘em at the same time…Got it…Easy Peasy.” Alina offered lightheartedly.
“It is not that simple, human child.” Larak informed.
“It must be precisely the same exact moment. Absolutely no error.” He added.
“Then it will be done.” Ryaal stated. His words seemed reassuring and confident.
“There is one more thing I must speak to you about.” He continued. “Since I’ve arrived, I noticed that those who remain loyal to my father have changed. They’ve become savage and murderous. Is this how there are to spend the rest of their lives?”
“The loss of hope is a devastating and grotesque thing my son. Their souls have become lost in the madness of your father. Should you succeed in your mission, you will return hope to your people Ryaal and when that hope is returned it shall shine brightly enough to lead all souls out of darkness. In saving that which you love most, you save everything and everyone.” Larak informed.
“Thank you Larak.” Ryaal said with great respect for his former instructor. He then turned to his friends. “Come. We must ready ourselves.”
As they turned to leave Larak stood and addressed Ryaal.
“Before you go, might I speak with you privately?” He asked.
“Go on…” Ryaal told his friends. “…I will meet you in the square.”
“What is it Larak?” He said, approaching the elder Ishra.
“I wanted you to know that I am very sorry and deeply saddened by the loss of your grandfather.”
The words struck a painful chord within Ryaal.
“I considered him to be a great friend and I will ensure that his memory is never forgotten.” Larak continued.
“Thank you Larak. That means a great deal to me.” Ryaal said.
“There is something else that has been on my mind, my son.” Larak went on.
“I must tell you that I feel if you continue this endeavor in the traditional Akirian way, as you have been…” Larak paused for a moment, as though he did not want to finish this particular sentence.
“…then I may never see you again. In order to succeed my son, you must use more than weapons and might. You must outsmart your opponent. Do not be led into battle by pain and anger. Do not follow hate or vengeance when facing your enemy, as you must not be clouded. If you must fight…”
“…do so with heart and mind.” Ryaal said, finishing his instructor’s sentence. “I remember Larak. I remember all that you’ve taught me.”
Larak smiled, not knowing what the future held for the great warrior before him. He put his hand on Ryaal’s shoulder.
“That is all I have to say my son. I do hope this not be our last conversation. Be well.”
“Thank you Larak, for the knowledge and the friendship.” He said.
As he walked the glistening city streets, Ryaal could see his friends in the distance. They laughed together, not forgetting what lie ahead, but enjoying the moment they were in now. He began to remember his human time with them, growing with them, learning with them, laughing with them. It served only to make the task ahead that much more difficult as he tried desperately to etch the sounds of their laughter in his mind.
Chapter 37

	As the Akirian sentry proceeded through the city gate, Syrk could see him in the distance and knew something was amiss, almost immediately. What is he carrying? Syrk thought to himself as he rose from his throne. The unknowing made him increasingly uncomfortable and brought a knot to his stomach. He watched the guard make his way through the city and then to the stairs leading to the throne.
	As he ascended the stairs, Syrk could see that the object was quite large and covered with a silken cloth.
	“What is that?” He barked at the guard.
	It was then he noticed the look of complete terror on the sentry’s face. He could not answer. He was only able to mutter.
	“I…I’m so sorry.” As he set the parcel down and began stepping back down the stairs. 
	Syrk tilted his head with a befuddled look as he watched the sentry back all the way down to the first step. He then turned his attention to the mysterious package. As he pulled the silken cover away, the look that took hold on his face was of great shock and sadness. A look none had ever seen on him. As he stared painfully at Gryn’s stone head, his expression quickly turned to one of intense anger and rage.
	His sinister gaze soon fell to the guard who delivered the head of his son. His head lowered and his baneful eyes focused solely on the sentry.
	“Who did this?” He growled through gnashed teeth.
	“I…I do not know, Great One.” He stammered sheepishly.
	“I could think of only one who could, but…it cannot be.” He continued fearfully.
	“NAME HIM!” Syrk screamed.
	The guard hesitated before uttering the last name he knew he would ever say.
	“Ryaal.”
	Syrk screamed in rage as he flew down the staircase. He tackled the Akirian sentry and began beating him mercilessly until he was left smashing his fists against stone chunks.
	After a few moments, exhausted and breathing heavily, Syrk stood and gave his orders.
	“Bring all Akirians in from the outposts. Ready three thousand to mobilize to the location I specify. If that traitor is here...I want his head! The Akirian who brings it to me shall be rewarded with half of this planet and half of the Akirian forces.”
	“Great leader.” An Akirian spoke out.
	“How dare you interrupt me?” Syrk shouted and moved quickly toward the warrior.
	The guard pointed toward the tower. As Syrk gave it his attention, what he saw both terrified and enraged him further.
	Kara was awake.
	She was standing. Strong and defiant, she stared down at her captor with a smirk. Gone was the dark skin of her sadness and pain and once again, she was the radiant violet that made her beauty stand out from all others. Once again she felt the hope and love only her eternal could bring to her. She spoke.
	“It won’t be long now, tyrant. Your reign and your life are coming to an end, for my Ryaal is coming for me…and he will show you no mercy.”
	“RAAAAAAA!” Syrk roared in anger.
	“Bring her down! Chain her beside my throne.” He commanded.
	Four guards moved quickly to carry out Syrk’s command. They ascended the long tower stairs to relocate their prisoner, expecting a fight. However, they did not get one. Kara did not struggle, she did not fight, she did not have to. She knew it would not be long now until her warrior came for her. Gone was the fear and sadness that had taken hold of her for so long. She made no attempt to run as the guards shackled the massive chains to her wrists, the weight of which meant to bring her to her knees. They did not. She stood strong and emboldened. She stood waiting for her Eternal to come for her and she would not let him see her any other way.
Chapter 38

	“What’s the plan big guy?” Connor asked as Ryaal approached his friends waiting patiently for him.
	“We go now.” He answered.
	“Ryaal.” Etria interjected. “We should devise a plan of attack. We will be severely outnumbered.”
	“We knew that going in to this. It doesn’t change anything!” He raised his voice in response. The group was silent for a moment before Ryaal spoke again.
	“I’m sorry Etria. It’s just…” Ryaal hesitated as he did not want to give them the truth, but they deserved it. They had stuck by his side and he didn’t have the right to hide it from them any longer.
	“…it’s just that, it hurts.” He told them.
	For any other, this admittance would be nothing to cause much worry. For Ryaal to say it meant something was very wrong. Etria quickly dropped the stand offish tone she had used a few minutes earlier and now took on one of great concern.
	“Ryaal, what is wrong?” She asked.
	“All the pain, it’s…it’s taken its toll. I felt it when we got here, when we came through the gate. I thought that if I just kept pushing forward, it would go away. I don’t know how else to describe it but…I think I’m dying.” He answered.
	Etria stepped back in shock and the look on Connor and Alina’s face was heart breaking. They looked at each other refusing to acknowledge what they just heard, for that would make it real and they would not be able to come to terms with something like that.
	“What do you mean Ryaal?” Etria asked.
	“I don’t think my body can carry this pain much longer. If we don’t go now…” He hesitated before saying the most painful thing his mind could possibly imagine.
	“…I don’t think I will make it to her. I cannot allow another sun to set without her free. Please Etria, we must go now.” 
“Alright Ryaal, let’s bring her home.” Etria replied.
As they began to make their way out of the city, the large crowd of Ishra and Akirians saw the brave four headed off for battle and began to line the city streets leading out of the city. At first it was a relatively quiet gathering. Then cheers and words of encouragement began flooding in from the crowd. Louder and louder the well wishers got until only thunderous applause erupted throughout the city. This served to inspire the group and give Ryaal a much needed burst of strength for what lie ahead when suddenly, a voice louder than the rest cried out, “What’s that?” as an Akirian pointed towards the road leading to the city.
All eyes turned to the figure in the distance, sprinting towards the Ishra city with incredible urgency. Ryaal ran through the archway and across the footbridge to meet the runner. As he neared he could see that it was a young Ishra male who collapsed in exhaustion as he approached the massive warrior.
“What is it? What’s wrong?” Ryaal asked.
The young Ishra struggled to capture enough breath to say the word.
“Akirians!” He gasped.
“How many?” Ryaal questioned further.
“Three thousand!” He answered.
Gasps from the crowd filled the air. One of the Akirians Alina sparred with earlier stepped forward.
“That is more than enough to take this city.” Maruk informed.
“No!” A voice rose from the crowd.
“Not on this day!” The voice spoke again as it made its way through the crowd to Ryaal’s side, where all could see who it came from.
Dressed for battle and carrying a large staff that seemed to be carved from one long cylindrical diamond, stood Larak.
“But…you’re just a teacher!” Taruk pointed out.
“I am an instructor of warfare. And today…” He said turning toward the direction of the oncoming Akirians. “…they shall be tested!”
“I friggin’ love this guy.” Alina said, turning to Connor.
Ryaal nodded at his elder friend before turning and giving his orders to the people.
“You two.” He called, pointing to Maruk and Taruk.
“Split everyone into two groups, one inside the city gate and one at the end of the bridge. If they get this far they will have to split into a column of two’s in order to cross the foot bridge. This is your chance to cause the most damage and you can stop them here. Make sure you do.” He ordered.
The Akirians nodded in compliance with their leader’s orders. As they turned to carry out Ryaal’s command, they stopped in front of Alina and in their own Akirian way of wishing her luck, looked down at the young girl and spoke.
“Don’t die.” They told her.
“It would be the only thing keeping me from kickin’ your ass again.” She responded. 
Expecting that sort of tenacity from the young girl, they smiled and nodded in approval before making their way to defend the city.
As Alina made her way to join the rest of her group, Ryaal stepped aside to speak privately with Etria.
“You remember what you swore to me?” He asked her.
“Yes Ryaal. If anything goes wrong I will take them and run, you have my word.” She answered. As she began to head back to the group Ryaal called to her and she turned, giving him her full attention.
“If it is the last thing I do, I will save her.” He declared.
Etria smiled, feeling comforted by the warrior’s promise.
“Even when you were human, I never doubted you.” She replied. And with that, the group joined together and headed off towards the oncoming Akirians.

Chapter 39

	From the crest of the hill the group could see their enemy approaching in the distance. Six massive columns of five hundred Akirian warriors each, moved steadily towards them. Ryaal and his friends looked on silently, not knowing where this day might take them, but knowing full well it would be brutal. For the first time since their journey started, the impossibility of their mission had hit them…hard. Though they wouldn’t admit it and tried desperately not to show it, doubt had struck their hearts. How can five succeed against three thousand? Each of them thought silently to themselves, when one word suddenly shot to the front of their minds. Hope. It was the one thing their enemy didn’t have and with it, that small group of five friends would give the greatest warriors in the known worlds the greatest fight of their existence.
	Connor noticed Etria standing by his side, giving her attention only to him. He turned to her and immediately noticed the look in her eyes. It was one of fear. He was confused. He knew she was not afraid of a fight, not even one this big. But it wasn’t a fear of fighting or even death; it was a fear of something else, something greater than death. He wanted nothing more than to seek out the cause of the fear that had gripped her and destroy it, but couldn’t figure what it was.
	“What is it?” He asked her with great concern.
	Her mouth opened but she couldn’t answer. Ryaal turned his attention to them and knew immediately what was wrong, as he was no stranger to the fear she felt. As he turned his gaze back to the enemy, still a good distance away, he answered Connor’s question for her.
	“She is afraid of losing you.” He stated.
	“Is that true?” Connor asked her.
	A single tear rolled slowly down her satin smooth cheek at the very sound of the words. She still didn’t speak, only nodded while not once taking her eyes off the young human. Connor smiled as he took her hands into his. A second later the look on her face changed completely. Her eyes grew wide as the most magnificent feeling washed over her. The unfathomable warmth only those truly, deeply in love can begin to understand. Her knees weakened but Connor held firm and did not let her fall. He would never let her fall. She regained her stance and as she raised her head slowly, her eyes fell into Connor’s once more as she returned that most amazing feeling.
	Connor gasped for breath, his heart beating faster and harder, as though it were trying to reach out to hers. No emotion he had ever known had taken him so completely. The intense love he already had for her amplified infinitely. The Ishra beauty and the young human had bonded. They had found their Eternal in each other. Standing there atop the hill overlooking the impossible battle they would soon be deep in the midst of, they were the happiest either of them had ever been.
	“Geesh, get a room, right?” Alina whispered as she elbowed Ryaal. A slight smile began to rise on his face at both Alina’s comment and the joy for what he knew just happened between his friends. The smile soon faded as Ryaal spoke.
	“Something’s happening.” He informed the group while motioning toward the advancing enemy.
	Among the massive, three thousand strong army, an entire column of five hundred had begun to pick up their pace, quickly separating themselves from the larger force and forming one of their own consisting of five columns of one hundred warrior’s each. Once separate from the larger unit, they proceeded moving forward until they were a hundred yards ahead. They then stopped cold, causing the larger army to do the same.
Chapter 40

	“What is the meaning of this? Fall in at once!” The Akirian General demanded of the smaller formation. 
The five hundred Akirians snapped to attention and sharply performed an about face. The two armies were now staring one another down, as the leader of the smaller force stepped forward.
	“Did you not hear me? FALL IN!” The Akirian General again shouted his command.
	“Stifle your orders traitor!” The response shouted back from the leader of the smaller group stunned him.
	“We are the true Akirian sons, loyal to Kor and Ryaal. We are the ones responsible for giving safe passage to our brothers and sisters. We are the ones who brought them to the safety of the Ishra and we will no longer stand for the tyrannical rule of Syrk, the coward and liar!” The rebel leader declared.
	“You treacherous scum! How dare you defile the name of our great leader and show loyalty to ghosts? You will be hung for your treason.” The Akirian General screamed back.
	“There are no such things as ghosts!” A voice shouted from behind the rebel formation and all eyes focused on who it came from. The rebel warriors parted into two columns as Ryaal and his friends made their way through to the front. Their leader had returned.
“Sir…” The rebel leader spoke. “…we did not know if the stories were true.”
Ryaal put his hand on the young Akirians shoulder.
“And yet you stood ready to fight, ready to defend our brothers and sisters and the Ishra…ready to defend my grandfather’s name. And for that, I am grateful.” He said sincerely.
“I am grateful to you all.” He said loud enough for the rest of the rebels to hear.
“RUH, RUH, RUH!” The rebel force shouted their excited battle cry in response to their leader’s words.
“Enough!” The enemy general shouted in disdain.
“So the traitor son has returned. Tell me, what exactly do you hope to accomplish, traitor?” He asked tauntingly. 
Walking closer to the legendary Akirian in an effort to seem unafraid, the enemy General continued his inquiry.
“Do you think you can defeat my forces? Do you really think you can defeat your father?” He asked, now standing directly in front of Ryaal.
“There are ten thousand Akirians guarding the city entrance. Do you think that if you somehow survive me, you can make it past them?” The General’s raspy voice questioned further.
He leaned in and stared directly into Ryaal’s fire soaked eyes. 
“Do you honestly believe you can save her?” He whispered, sounding more like the hiss of a venomous snake.
No one even noticed Ryaal move until he pulled his hand back through the General’s skull. Connor leaned towards Alina. 
“Did he just punch a hole through that guy’s face?” He asked in a hushed tone.
“Yes Connor, he just punched a hole through that guys face.” She answered casually.
As the lifeless body dropped at Ryaal’s feet, his view of the rushing enemy became unobstructed. 
His heart rate slowed. 
His breathing slowed. 
This is what he was born to do. 
He inhaled deep and calm.
And then his command exploded from him.
“ATTACK!”
Chapter 41

	Both sides clashed violently as the battle began and the fighting quickly spread like wildfire throughout the vast valley. Ryaal moved swiftly through the enemy ranks. Using a combination of his bare hands and the weapons of downed enemies, he slashed and stabbed his way through torso, neck, and head. The chaos quickly spread and looked as though each member of Ryaal’s team were battling their own army of Akirians.
	Alina and Larak were working together with devastating efficiency. The elder Ishra would launch an enemy high into the air with his diamond staff and Alina would pounce, leaping and taking out her target with deadly precision. Her small stature also allowed her to run through enemy ranks almost undetected, until she moved to sever an Akirian limb. It wasn’t long though before Larak and Alina were facing down a more unified group of Akirians. Their fighting seemed to stop as the enemy regrouped into a more concentrated force of close to two hundred, all preparing to attack the elder Ishra and the young girl at once. Alina changed her weapon to a long staff with serrated blades at each end.
“I have an idea.” She told Larak.
She sprinted a few feet forward and launched her double sided spear at the enemy who at first stepped back defensively, before watching the weapon sail high overhead and land in the dirt far behind them. The mass of Akirians began laughing at the young girl.
“Well, in your defense…” Larak started. “…you did not say it was a good idea.”
Alina simply looked at him with a knowing smile before turning her attention back to the enemy, giving them the same smirk. She thrust her hand out in front of her and in her mind, called to her weapon. The enemy stopped laughing as a whooshing sound filled the air, followed closely by the screams of Akirians, quickly escalating from the back of the formation to the front. As she called to her weapon, it responded, spinning and slashing the enemy in half as it made its way home to her. Within seconds more than a hundred Akirians that stood before them had fallen, to pieces. 
The rebel Akirians were pushed back on the battlefield, their numbers almost cut in half by the enemy forces, but they continued to hold strong making every enemy Akirian they faced regret the place their loyalties lied.
	Connor and Etria were the farthest away from where the battle had originally started; fighting what seemed to be the larger of the enemy force. Etria fought with murderous grace, weaving and spinning over and around a carousel of deadly weapons hoping to find their mark anywhere on her body. Connor looked for her to make sure she was alright and quickly realized how far apart they had gotten from each other.
	Then he saw what she did not. The massive war hammer slammed violently into her back, sending her soaring through the air far away from the battle and even farther away from Connor. His heart dropped as he sprinted towards her and his horror amplified when he saw that an enemy Akirian made it to her first. She was crawling, trying to regain enough strength to turn herself over and face the battle. She had no idea of the enemy stalking close and quiet behind, waiting for the moment to strike his prey.
	“ETRIAAA!” Connor screamed her name with all the force his human body would allow. Faintly, she heard him over the sounds of battle and turned her head to look in his direction. As her head turned she saw the Akirian standing over her, grasping a long spear with both hands high above his head. As he brought it down to slam through her back, she threw herself over hoping to do so with enough force to dodge the death blow and counter attack.
	The spear slammed violently into her chest. Her guttural scream echoed through the air instantly bringing a halt to the entire battle as every combatant quickly turned their attention to where it had come from. Connor tackled the Akirian with freight train force, driving him hard into the ground and on his back. Without hesitation, he slammed his hand against the Akirian’s neck and viciously tore the throat from his enemy. His death would not be a quick one.
	Connor rushed to Etria and knelt beside her bloody and unconscious body. Every Akirian saw this as weakness, as opportunity to strike. The hundreds that remained rushed in Connor’s direction, every one of them vying to seize the opportunity to strike down the young human. Ryaal, Larak, and Alina chased after them, trying to kill as many as possible, in the hope that it would divert their attention away from Connor and Etria.  But the enemy wanted only the blood in the water.
	Connor called to her over and over again, each time becoming more and more heartbroken by the lack of response. He continued to stare at Etria as his friends struggled to keep up with the rushing Akirians. Devastated by the sight of his Eternal, Connor clenched his hands tightly into fists as his whole being became saturated with an intense and incredible rage. His fingernails pierced the flesh of his palms, leaking blood as the air around him began to twist and ripple. He boiled with fury. Ryaal saw what was happening and quickly changed the direction of his sprint and headed towards Larak and Alina. He tackled them to the ground and held them firm, shielding them with his massive frame. Their Akirian allies saw what Ryaal had done and they too hit the ground.
	“What the hell are you doing?” Alina screamed at him, her eyes filling with tears for what was about to happen to her friend.
	“We gotta get to Connor, they’re gonna kill him!” She screamed again and again as she thrashed and tried desperately to break free from Ryaal’s protection, but he would not budge.
	Connor turned his head and stared upon the oncoming swarm of Akirians with perfect hate. They rushed towards him, faster and faster, weapons drawn high in the air preparing to decimate the young human and his love, each of their faces distorted by the blood thirsty screams emanating from them. But Connor saw them differently. They moved incredibly slow, their war cries making no sound to him. With the Akirians now only a few yards away, Connor returned his gaze to Etria. As the massive Akirians moved closer and closer, their varied array of weapons began slicing through the air heading towards the young human and his Eternal. Connor closed his eyes.
	A second later his blood soaked hands shot open, setting off a massive shockwave, obliterating the Akirians and shattering them into nothing more than a bloody mist. The deafening boom was heard far and wide and the raging battlefield suddenly became silent. Ryaal quickly jumped up, making sure Larak and Alina were alright before they all rushed to Connor and Etria.
	“What the hell was that?” Alina shouted, as she wiped the tears from her eyes.
	“I did what she taught me.” Connor answered quietly, while still looking at Etria.
	“Connor, I must take her now!” Larak said, his voice conveying urgency.
	Connor looked at Larak in the most heartbroken of ways and nodded. He bent down and kissed her blood stained lips before allowing Larak to pick her up.
	“You are nearing the end of your journey Ryaal. How is this going to end?” Larak asked in a tone that sounded more concerned than inquisitive, before rushing off with Etria in his arms.
	“Brothers!” Ryaal called out to the remaining two hundred Akirian allies.
	“See them home safely!” He shouted his order as he pointed to Larak carrying Etria’s lifeless body.
	“Connor.” Ryaal called.
	“It is alright if you go with her.” He said
	Connor looked as Larak continued hurriedly toward Shi’ Kar, surrounded by the two hundred Akirians.
	“No!” He answered softly. “All she wanted was to save her sister. I can’t fail her again” 
	With that, Connor headed toward the Akirian city.
Chapter 42

	“Is she going to be alright?” Alina asked Ryaal out of great concern for her friend.
	He did not want to tell her his honest thoughts and simply looked at her with sadness and said nothing.
	“What about him?” She asked, nodding her head toward Connor, walking a short distance ahead. “Is he gonna be alright?”
	Ryaal looked towards Connor with concern in his eyes.
	“I don’t know.” He answered, knowing firsthand the heartbreak that comes when something happens to your Eternal.
	“How did he do that?” She asked, referring to the violent explosion caused by Connor.
	“When they bonded, she shared all she knows with him. When he saw what happened to her, he lost control.” He answered, not going into too much detail.
	The next few minutes were spent walking in silence until Alina spoke up again.
	“Didn’t that General guy say there were ten thousand more of them waiting at the city entrance?” She asked.
	“Do not worry about them. I will take care of that.” Ryaal answered
	For a split second though, she did worry, then quickly thought to herself, If the big guy says don’t worry, then I guess I won’t worry. 
	Up ahead they could see Connor stop dead in his tracks. Catching up, Ryaal and Alina saw why. Standing before them, a few hundred yards away, were ten thousand of the meanest looking Akirians they had yet seen. Ten thousand of the universe’s most efficient killers now stood between them and the Akirian city. Standing in front of them, in the command position, was a grisly and scarred Akirian almost the size of Gryn. Connor clenched his fists and began heading towards them. Ryaal put his hand on Connor’s chest, stopping him instantly. 
	“Wait here.” His voice commanded.
	Connor and Alina looked at each other, silently agreeing that that would probably be the best place for them. Ryaal advanced. With every step he could feel her more and more. Rage and longing swirled violently inside him. The Akirian commander advanced to meet Ryaal.
	“Maybe you should get that explody thing ready.” Alina suggested to Connor.
	Ryaal continued his advance and as the two massive warlords approached, the enemy commander began to speak. Ryaal had no concern for what he might say. He was too close to her now. He hadn’t the time for this enemy. Before a sound could escape the enemy commander’s lips, Ryaal grabbed his Arc staff and slashed upward with lightning speed, cutting the commander in half without ever breaking stride.
	“Never mind the explody thing.” Alina revoked her previous suggestion.
Ryaal stopped directly in front of the massive formation, only inches from the faces of ten thousand killers…and began to scream at them as though they were insolent children. 
“Do you know who I am?”
Their silence meant that they knew exactly who he was or else they would have attacked.
“Do you know why I’m here?” He shouted again.
There silence meant that they knew exactly why he was there.
With his next question, his eyes burned a fire red so intense, it could’ve melted the entire army as he scanned the ranks to ensure they could all see his face.
“Do you all wish to die here today?” 
His final question was not met with silence. It was met with the sound of ten thousand massive Akirians snapping to attention and dividing their ranks down the middle, giving a clear path to the city. Ryaal looked to his friends who quickly made their way to him and as they passed through the ranks, noticed that not one of the ten thousand Akirians ever dared to make eye contact with them. Ryaal and his friends advanced towards the heart of the city. Only one mile stood between them and the end of their journey. Only one mile stood between Ryaal and his Eternal.
Chapter 43

	Syrk paced back and forth, visibly frustrated. He had heard the boom of the shockwave; he had heard the voice of someone shouting outside the city gates. With no reports coming in from his warriors, he knew nothing of what was coming. The Abomination stood steadfast at their place beside Syrk’s throne. Their want to kill something emanated from them, to the point that they seemed agitated.
	The only one calm was Kara. Still standing defiantly, despite the incredible weight of the heavy chains holding her prisoner, she knew what was coming their way. She smiled at the thought of seeing her Ryaal again. Amidst his pacing, Syrk shot a glance her way and noticed her serene smile. He became enraged and charged at her, stopping only an inch from her face.
	“What are you smiling at?” He growled with disgust.
	Holding her smile, she locked eyes with her captor.
	“Do you not hear it, tyrant?” She asked.
	“Hear what?” He snapped angrily.
	“Listen.” She instructed in a whispered tone.
	Syrk stared at her for a moment before closing his eyes and listening intently. At first, all he heard was the beating of his own cold, black heart.
	Bum-Bum, Bum-Bum, Bum-Bum
	He noticed it getting slightly louder with each beat. Then, he realized it was not his heartbeat he was hearing, but footsteps, the sound of footsteps getting closer and louder, the sound of footsteps punishing the ground as they propelled something awful, closer and closer in his direction. He opened his eyes, again staring into Kara’s.
	“What is it?” He asked, almost sheepishly.
	And softly she answered.
	“That is the sound of death, sprinting for you tyrant. That is the sound of my Ryaal, coming for me.”
	She smiled wider as his name glided softly across her perfect lips.
	“RRRAAA!” He shouted in anger.
	He then turned to the Abomination and screamed his orders.
	“Ready yourselves! He is coming!”
	“No, he is not.” They replied mechanically and in perfect unison. “He is already here.” 
	Their arms rose simultaneously as they pointed at the center of the city square. Syrk turned slowly toward the direction they pointed and there he was, the living, breathing manifestation of vengeance. Syrk grabbed his Arc staff and in the instant it took to be held to Kara’s neck, had changed into a long, double-sided knife pressed firmly against her soft violet skin.
	Ryaal held firm, assessing the situation, the look on his face was a determined and murderous gaze.
	“Hello son.” Syrk greeted with heavy disdain.
	“You have no sons.” Ryaal responded with the same disdain.
	“Fair enough.” Syrk replied, bitterly.
	“Tell me Ryaal, how do you see this ending? Do you expect me to surrender my throne? Do you think I’ll trade the life of your precious Eternal for my own?” Syrk asked as though he were amused by the preposterous options.
	“Tell me…what do you expect?”
	Ryaal stood silent as he took in his surroundings. He noticed Connor and Alina had changed their weapons into long spears. He noticed the Abomination gripping their long, curved daggers tightly. He noticed the blade pressed firmly against Kara’s neck and how quickly his father could kill her.
	“Well?” Syrk inquired.
	“WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?” He shouted venomously.
	Ryaal turned to his friends with a strange look, as if he were saying goodbye. He then turned to Kara with the same look, who’s only response was a tear and the slow shake of her head, as if she were telling him no. Then, he turned to his father and with a look of pure and perfect hate, gave answer to his question.
	“I expect you to die.” He answered.
	No sooner had the words come out of his mouth than Ryaal began to falter. His legs almost gave out, but he regained himself before falling to the ground. The pain had become too much. Syrk immediately realized his weakened state.
	“KILL HIM! KILL HIM NOW!”
The tyrant screamed his command and the Abomination instantly sprinted towards Ryaal who in turn sprinted towards them. Faster and faster the warrior’s raced towards one another. The Abomination ran with daggers ready at hip level. Adrenaline surged, hearts beat faster, and all eyes focused intently on the impending collision. Just as the three came within striking distance, two long spears soared over Ryaal’s shoulders slamming violently into the twin faces of the Abomination…at precisely the same second. The bodies dropped hard and began turning to stone, each with a smile on its face. Two small humans had done what no Akirian ever could. They delivered the peace of death to the long tormented twins.
	But something wasn’t right. Ryaal was no longer sprinting towards his Eternal. He was perfectly still at the exact spot the Abomination had fallen. The only movement was the slow heaving of his massive chest. The only sound to be heard was that of the rhythmic patter of heavy drops of blood crashing to the ground at Ryaal’s feet. Syrk’s eyes grew wide as a maniacal smile twisted across his sinister face. Kara’s eyes grew wide as well, but her look was one of shock and disbelief. Connor and Alina could not see what the others saw and rushed toward Ryaal. As they got closer the sight before them stopped them dead in their tracks.
	There, protruding through each side of Ryaal’s lower back, were the tips of two long, curved, daggers. As they fanned out to the side, they could see the knife handles sticking out from each side of his abdomen. Ryaal dropped to his knees as the blood flowed steadily from his wounds. Kara thrashed violently against the heavy chains, screaming in pain laden disbelief, as Syrk stepped away from her to get a better view. She dropped to her knees and began weeping heavily as she locked eyes with her Eternal. Connor and Alina made it to their friend and they too fell to their knees, just as the legendary warrior turned to stone.
Chapter 44

	Syrk slowly began descending the stairs, heading toward the stone statue of his fallen son. Still in elated disbelief as he approached, he knelt down in front of him just a few feet away, examining the stone face locked in its position staring towards Kara. 
	The laughter came low and slow at first but soon erupted into a loud cackling as Syrk stood and walked over to his trophy.
	“Legendary?” He laughed.
	“Pathetic seems more appropriate!” He added.
	With tear filled eyes, Connor launched himself at the tyrant. Syrk reacted quickly with a powerful kick to the chest which sent the young man flying in the opposite direction and spitting up blood as he crashed back down to the ground. Alina sprinted toward Syrk but was quickly swatted away, landing hard next to Connor.
	Syrk approached the two young humans, who after their battle and loss, no longer had the strength to defend themselves.
	“Did you honestly think you had a chance? Look at you!” He screamed at them. 
Alina screamed back as she jumped to her feet. She ran at Syrk again, only to be snatched up and lifted off the ground to his eye level, her feet straining to touch the ground.
“What to do with you?” He questioned.
“Should I kill you?” He asked.
“No.” He answered his own question. 
“That would be no fun.” He added.
“Should I strip the skin from your bones?” He shouted in Alina’s face.
“I know.” He said.
“I shall make you my pets. How does that sound?”
Syrk was so preoccupied with what to do with his new pets that he was oblivious to the stone warrior rising to his feet behind him. He did however, notice something change in the young girl he was holding off the ground. All fear had left her eyes, a sense of relief seemed to wash over her, and a smile began to stretch slow and wide across her face.
“Is something amusing, pet?” Syrk asked snarling.
“It’s just that…there’s a couple of things you don’t know about Ryaal.” She said matter-of-factly.
	“And what’s that?” He snapped.
	“Well first…he’s very protective of his friends.” She began.
	“And second…” She moved her face in close to Syrk’s. “…he’s standing right behind you.” She informed in an almost whisper.
	Syrk reared his head back from hers.
	“Impossible.” Syrk uttered as he turned to look over his shoulder and as he did, saw a massive stone figure standing behind him. Syrk quickly dropped the girl and turned around to fully face Ryaal.
	“How?” He asked in confused fear.
	Ryaal yanked the daggers from his stomach and slammed them into Syrk, lifting him off the ground. The look on the tyrant’s face quickly turned to one of intense pain and even greater shock.
	“A gift from my grandfather.” Ryaal replied as the stone façade faded away and he returned to the fiery eyed nightmare black he’d been since his return.
	“Are you two alright?” He asked his friends without taking his murderous gaze off Syrk.
	“Yeah man, we’re alright.” Connor answered as he made it to his feet holding his side.
	“My love has been prisoner for far too long. Would you please free her from those chains?” He asked of his friends, while still watching Syrk writhe in pain.
	“Absolutely.” Alina answered as the two ran to Kara. 
	As they approached, Kara’s head still hung low in sadness. She only turned it as the two humans began working the chains.
	“What are you doing?” She asked
	“Run. He’ll kill you.” She pleaded, concerned for their safety and not once thinking about herself.
	“I wouldn’t worry about that.” Alina said happily as she nodded her head in Ryaal’s direction. As Kara raised her head and saw Ryaal, the overwhelming happiness she felt radiated instantly to the two humans.
	“Did you feel that?” Connor whispered to Alina as they released one of the chains. Before Alina could answer, Kara turned her head back to Connor and Alina.
	“How is he…?” She started.
	“Come on now.” Alina interrupted.
	“Do you think death would stop him from getting to you?” She finished.
	Kara smiled in response to the human’s answer.
	“Finish it quickly, son.” Syrk demanded as the blood trickled out over his lips.
	“No.” Ryaal responded, letting his father’s feet once again touch the ground, but holding the dagger’s firmly in place.
	“I shall not give you the luxury of a quick death.” He continued.
	“You shall suffer...” He added as he jerked one of the blades upward, cutting deeper through Syrk, whose only response was an agonizing scream.
	“…as you have made others suffer.” He continued, pulling the other blade higher, eliciting more anguish from Syrk.
	“For mother and grandmother…” He yanked a blade high, cutting through ribs.
	…for Grandfather…” He yanked the other to an equal height, cutting through the ribs on the opposite side.
	…for Kara!” He said crossing his hands in front of him and slashing through his father’s heart in the process.
	Syrk gurgled up mouthfuls of blood and wept in the most terrible agony as Ryaal leaned in close for one last word with his father.
	“Know this before you die, tyrant. You will not be remembered. All record of you shall be stricken from history. It will be as though you never existed. What more horrible death for a warrior?”
	Syrk screamed an angry hate-filled cry as Ryaal ripped the blades up through his skull, silencing him forever. His shredded, lifeless body dropped at the warrior’s feet.
	The tyrant had fallen.
	Syrk was no more.
	It was over.
Chapter 45

	Ryaal turned and walked away from his father’s body and as he raised his head, saw Kara only a few feet away. For a moment they just stared at each other in happy disbelief. Tears began to stream down the faces of both goddess and warrior. She ran to him and he wrapped his arms around her lifting her off the ground and holding her tighter than ever before. This was it, the moment he had fought so hard for, the moment for which so much had been sacrificed, the moment that meant more than any other moment in time.
 	They held each other for what seemed like an eternity, though nowhere near long enough for the pair. Staring into each other’s eyes they became lost in one another once again. As she pressed her lips softly against his, the obsidian skin of sadness and pain seemed to melt away, as his sky blue complexion returned. Gone were the eyes of vengeful fire and rage and once again were the deep, royal blue pools that reflected the beauty of all he laid them on. 
	As they stood holding each other, never wanting to let go, a large Akirian approached them hurriedly and heavy of breath. He stopped just short of them and surveyed the scene of the fallen tyrant. He then directed his attention to Ryaal whose gaze never fell from Kara. 
	“Sire.” The guard addressed him properly.
	“What is it?” Ryaal answered.
	“There is a large force moving toward the city.” The guard informed.
	“Who is it?” Ryaal asked turning his attention to the sentry.
	“It looks to be a large number of Akirians with…all of the Ishra.” The guard answered nervously.
	Ryaal smiled and turned back to Kara. “They are friends and they are bringing our brothers and sisters home. See to it they arrive safely and get our people back into their homes.” Ryaal ordered.
	 The guard bowed in compliance and then left quickly to carry out his orders. Ryaal and Kara soon made their way to Connor and Alina.
	“I can never thank you enough for all you’ve done.” Ryaal said to his friends.
	“Nor can I.” Kara added softly as she rested her head on Ryaal’s shoulder.
	“Your welcome me lord.” Alina said with incredible sarcasm and an awful English accent as she bowed to Ryaal jokingly and then laughed.
	Ryaal smiled wide at his friends joke.
	“Seriously though…” Alina continued. “You don’t have to thank us. We love you man. We’ll be there whenever you need us.”
	“Connor.” Ryaal said noticing the distraught look on his young friend’s face.
	“Are you alright?” Connor looked at Ryaal but then turned his attention to Kara.
	“There’s something you should know…” He started with deep sorrow in his voice.
	“Your sister…she came with us. We wouldn’t be here if not for her. She’s…”
Connor stopped, his words cut short by his not wanting to speak them. Kara approached the young man and put her hand on his shoulder.
“My sister always displayed incredible strength, in both character and heart.” She told him, fondly recalling what she respected most about her sister.
Connor raised his head and when Kara saw his eyes, she knew why this young human was so distraught over her sister.
“You have bonded with her, haven’t you?” She asked.
“Yes.” He answered. “I knew from the moment I met her that no one else would ever compare. The more time I spent with her, the more I could not imagine being anywhere else but by her side.”
“I know how you feel.” She replied, shooting a quick glance to Ryaal and then back to Connor.
“There is something you should know about my sister.” She told him.
“What is it?” He asked sincerely.
“She is very stubborn. So much so, that even death would find it difficult to get through to her.” She smiled just as a loud commotion was heard coming through the streets.
They all turned their attention to the city center where they saw a large group of Ishra and Akirian making their way through the city. At the very front, leading the group, was Larak. To his left were Laros and Rana, the look displayed by Kara’s parents was one of pure happiness as tears of joy streamed down their faces. To the left of Larak were Alina’s sparring partners Maruk and Taruk, and in between them, bandaged and bruised, but certainly not beaten, stood Etria. Kara and her family ran to each other. They threw their arms around her and held her as tightly as Ryaal had earlier. Their family was once again complete.
Rana soon made her way to Ryaal and stood before him. She placed her hand on his cheek.
“I never doubted you for a second.” She said with a smile.
Still hugging her sister tightly, Etria glanced over Kara’s shoulder and through the crowd. There stood Connor, waiting patiently for his chance to hold her once again. Etria stood back, holding her sister by the arms. 
“I know.” Kara said softly.
“Believe me, I know.” She continued as she looked over at Ryaal who, though surrounded by a number of people, never took his eyes off her.
“Go to him.” Kara said.
Etria smiled and then quickly headed to Connor who met her halfway.
“You saved me.” She said. Her eyes glistening as she stared longingly at the young man.
“I shouldn’t have let you get so far away from me. I should have protected you.” He said remorseful.
She put her hands on his face and pulled him in close.
“You did protect me Connor. I’m standing before you now, aren’t I? And for the rest of our lives I’ll always be by your side.” She whispered and Connor smiled. 
Larak approached as the band of friends and family united by the steps to the throne. 
“What now?” Alina asked, always ready for adventure.
“If I might make a suggestion.” Larak spoke up.
“I have given it much thought since first meeting the two of you and on behalf of the Ishra people, we would very much like to extend to you an invitation to study at the Ishra Academy. Ryaal will have much work to do and I believe it will do him well to have you stay.” He suggested. 
Connor and Alina looked at each other excitedly and then to Ryaal.
“You are always welcome here. I would be honored if you would stay.” He told them.
“We did plan on going to college.” Connor said to Alina with a smile she quickly returned.
“Absolutely yes! We accept your invitation.” Alina answered for the both of them. The entire group was elated that their young human friends would be sticking around for a while.
As Ryaal looked silently upon the group, he thought about all that’s been lost, all that could have been lost and realized how much more was gained. He had his home and his people. He had Kara. He had his friends. And as he looked at each and every one of them, smiling, laughing, and holding one another, he realized…he had his family. 
###
About the Author

Lawrence A. Votee is a veteran, freelance writer, and self-published author who resides in Niagara Falls, NY with his wife and two children. Since he was a young child, Lawrence was fascinated by the stories he read, in particular the worlds they took him to, and wanted one day to be able to fascinate others with his writing. He began writing poetry in his teens and dabbled in short stories for his own enjoyment. As the years passed and the responsibilities that often follow a misspent youth began to demand his attention, his writing fell to the wayside. It wasn’t until he was out of the military that he began to write again. After being diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder as a result of his time in Iraq, he knew he had to find a way to get out of his own head. He began writing ‘Aeternum’ and noticed immediately how the memories of war began to slip away as he brought to life a new world with heroes and lovers, friends and foes, fighting with all their hearts for that which mattered most to them. He is acutely aware that his bio should give other information as to his qualifications, but he has none. He has not won any awards; he is not a member of any writing groups, he has never attended a writing conference or workshop, and he relies too heavily on Microsoft Word to correct his grammar and punctuation mistakes. However, his drive to entertain readers, evolve as a writer, and stand head and shoulders above others in his chosen genre, is second to none. Lawrence is currently seeking an agent who can teach and guide him through the literary world and in return he is willing to give that person his utter and complete trust and loyalty, in addition to amazing stories both heartbreaking and action-filled and characters that will stay with the reader forever.

Acknowledgement

I would first like to thank you, the reader. It is my most sincere hope that you have enjoyed this and I thank you greatly. I would also like to thank all the people who have inspired me throughout my life. You readers and writers, friends and family, soldiers and poets, mystics, muses, and musicians, I thank you with all of my heart.






