After Forever

An Indie Author Anthology of Modern Fairytales
Compiled By:
Krystal George

Featuring Stories From:
Krystal George
Heather Kirchhoff
Kate Marie Robbins
S. Cu ‘Anam Policar
Kim Stevens
Cindy Bartolotta
Twinkle (Sugandha) Varshney 
Amanda Alberson

Illustrated by: Cheryl Casey Ramirez
www.CCRBookCoverDesigns.com

Each story was edited by its individual author and formatted by Krystal George

For all of the Readers – This is a compilation of stories written for you…
Thank you for all of your dedication and continued support of what we do!

Table of Contents:
Come Wake Me Up							Krystal George
Beastly								Heather Kirchhoff
Cinder									Kate Marie Robbins
Puss in the Bone of Riches						S Cu ‘Anam Policar
Day and Night							Kim Stevens
Destiny								Cindy Bartolotta
Trapped								Twinkle (Sugandha) 											         Varshney
Cinder and Ella							Amanda Alberson
Seeing Red								Krystal George

Come Wake Me Up
Krystal George 
©2014 by Krystal George
	“You’re late.”
	I cringed at the disgust in the voice and smiled sheepishly. “I’m sorry. I missed the bus and had to wait for the next one.”
	“You do realize why you are here, don’t you Aurora?”
	“Rory,” I corrected her before she glared at me from beneath wire framed glasses. “I-I mean, y-yes of course I do.”
	She consulted the clipboard that was in her hands. “This isn’t some after school program that you signed up for, Aurora,” she emphasized, “you were ordered by the courts to be here and I expect you to be here on time.”
	I gulped. “Yes ma’am.”
	I looked around the brightly lit corridor and squinted my eyes against the blare of florescent lights. I hated places like this. Even though it wasn’t a hospital, the stench of old bodies and weak bladders was pungent.
	Assisted living… this was my punishment.
	“Now I’m just going to have you do some cleaning. After a few days we may work up to something more suitable.”
	She spun on her heel and I hurried to keep up with her. “Yes ma’am,” I answered again.
	She stopped so suddenly that I almost ran right into her rigid back. “You can call me Miss Merriweather.”
	“Yes ma’am,” she narrowed her eyes and I gulped again, “I mean, yes Miss Merriweather.”
	She began walking again and I practically had to run after her. I was short as it was, so following her tall statuesque figure was not an easy task. We came to a small janitor’s closet at the end of the hall. There were little carts full of cleaning supplies squeezed in there. I jumped when a small plump figure emerged from behind one of them.
	“I’ll go ahead and leave you with Mallie then. She’ll get your supplies and show you the rounds.”
	I nodded.
	The plump woman waited until Miss Merriweather walked away and then let out a deep breath. “That woman unsettles me,” she admitted sheepishly before holding out her hand for me to shake.
	I smiled, unsure if it would be rude to agree with her or rude not to. “I’m Aurora Woods, but everybody calls me Rory.”
	She shook my hand and then wiped hers on her torn blue jeans. “You can call me Mallie.”
	“That’s an unusual name,” I commented, “is it short for something?”
	She smiled and although it was friendly, it still sent shivers up my spine. “Yes.” No other explanation, just the short answer. 
	I watched as she squeezed her way through the carts and out into the hallway pulling one with her. The smell of bleach was so strong that my eyes began to water. Rags spilled from a bucket with steaming water and the handle of a mop tipped forward and knocked me on the head.
	“You’ll get use to the cart.” She grabbed the mop handle and secured it back upright in its holder. “So, what are you in for?”
	“Um…” I began, but suddenly found myself at a loss of words. It was so stupid really, but the judge hadn’t thought so. “I, uh…” I stuttered.
	She held up a hand stopping me. “Never mind. I don’t want to know.”
	Holding back a fresh wave of tears, I nodded. I had done what I had needed to do… and I was being punished for it. It wasn’t fair and still there was nothing I could do about it.
	Mallie walked down the hall and opened a door. The smell of stale coffee and urine assaulted us. There was an elderly man sitting in a rocking chair. That, his bed and a small dresser were the only pieces of furniture in the entire room. It was depressing, really. With him sitting and staring at the wall as if he were seeing images that only he could see. There was a blank expression on his face and I had the overwhelming urge to soothe him somehow.
	“This is Mr. Butler. He’s been with us for a few years now.” She threw a blanket over his lap and tucked it into the sides of his chair. “He doesn’t talk much.”
	I nodded. She handed me the mop and the bucket of soapy water and instructed me to mop his floor. It was like the white tiles you would find at a hospital and images of my mother crept into my mind. Seeing her huddled beneath the crisp white sheets with tubes in her arms had been heartbreaking. It wasn’t a memory I liked to dwell on, so I pushed it aside and set about fiercely cleaning the floors. When I was done, Mallie nodded her approval.
	We continued like this down the hallway. While I mopped the floors, she threw the trash, washed the windows and dusted what sparse furniture was there. We were productive, but with each new door that was opened and each new set of eyes I saw staring blankly out through the wrinkled flesh encasing them, a sadness began to engulf me. How sad it must be to live out your life in a place like this. It made me wonder about their families. What kind of monster would put these people away and forget about them?
	After a few hours my back was sore, my feet ached, and I was pretty sure a blister was beginning to form on two of my fingers. It was just about then that I noticed the door. All by itself in a small alcove off of the main hall was a beautiful carved wooden door. I was mesmerized by the intricacy of the detailed art work and stood staring at it for several moments.
	“This is our last stop,” Mallie said. “Then you’re done for the day.”
	I nodded, still curious about the out of place grandeur of the door, but ready to get this day over with. I still had another month of days just like this one to follow and I was eager to get home. I went to turn the doorknob, but it was locked.
	“Oh crap! I forgot to get the key from Miss Merriweather,” she said, slapping the side of her head. “I’ll be right back.”
	Nodding again, I watched her walk away in silence. What was so important that it needed such an elaborate door? And why did it need to be locked? Almost as if it had a will of its own, my hand reached out to try the knob again. With a soft click the knob turned and the door open without me even touching it. My breath caught.
	I pushed the door open hesitantly. It was dark in the room, but I could tell right away that it was different from the rest of them. It looked like something out of a fairytale. The furniture was ornate and old fashioned, but even my untrained eye could tell that it was expensive. 
	“Hello?” I called tentatively. “I’m just here to clean your room.”
	I was answered with the steady beeping of medical equipment. There was a soft glow of lights coming from the screen and I gasped when I saw that there were tubes hooked up to it, connecting it to the body on the massive wooden bed. My mom’s sickened pallor swam back before my eyes, and I struggled to push away the image once more. When I did, I was shocked by what I saw.
	He was young. I was guessing close to my own seventeen years, and he was totally hot. But that wasn’t what shocked me. It was the instant recognition that had my throat tighten with emotion. Golden blond hair fell across his forehead and even the dimmed light couldn’t camouflage the tanned perfection of his skin. His eyes were closed, but I knew that they were the same golden hue as honey. My hand reached out as if to touch him, but I drew it back, embarrassed by my reaction. 
	“I see you’ve found Phillip.”
	I jumped at the voice and turned an embarrassed face towards Miss Merriweather. “I’m sorry, I thought I was supposed to be cleaning and I… um…” I shrugged and backed away from the bed, not sure what to say. 
	To my surprise, she smiled. “You are. Mallie had asked me to unlock the door for you while she took care of something, but it looks as though it didn’t need to be unlocked after all.”
	I chewed on my lower lip, unsure if I should admit that the door had been locked at first. But what would she think? That I opened it myself by picking the lock? The truth – that it opened on its own? But then she’d think I was crazy. Doors didn’t just unlock themselves.
	“I thought that this was an old age home,” I blurted out after a few moments of awkward silence.
	She laughed softly and it softened her entire face, making her look both younger and friendlier somehow. “Phillip is a special case. He’s been here for a few months now.” I could feel her eyes on me while I studied him. A few months… that’s when… “He’s in a coma.” She said, interrupting my thoughts.
	“That’s so sad,” I told her, meaning it. “What happened to him?”
	Her expression hardened again. “I think that you should stick to what you came here to do.” When I stared at her blankly her mouth slid into a thin tight-lipped smile. “Clean,” she said before turning and leaving me to stare after her.
	After a few lost moments I looked back toward the bed and sighed. Maybe I was losing my mind. The stress of the past few months had been wearing on me… maybe I had finally cracked… gone mental… checked out of reality.
	“Get a grip, Rory, just get this crap done and get out of here.” I said out loud.
	A louder beep from the machine had me jumping again. I looked at the monitor, but I had no idea what I was looking at. The figure on the bed, Philip, didn’t move or make a sound. He looked so peaceful, but I couldn’t help feeling sorry for him… feeling… NO! I didn’t know him and I had no feelings for him. I shook my head to clear it and returned to the task at hand.

	“I knew that you’d come.”
	“Am I that predictable?” I asked him, smiling.
	It was the same place. Almost like a castle, the stone walls shimmered in the moonlight. He was sitting on the edge of a fountain in the middle of a luscious garden. The moon muted the colors of the flowers that surrounded us and I wondered what they would look like in the sunlight. There was a magic in their beauty, but in the sun… they would be intoxicating.
	“No, not predictable, but a guy can hope, right?” He held out his hands to me and I went to him. His skin felt warm against mine and we twined the fingers of both hands together.
	I laughed. “I’m sure you have plenty of girls to occupy your time.”
	He shrugged. “Maybe. But you’re the one I want.”
	I blushed and was thankful for the dark night, hoping that the moon didn’t show my embarrassment. It wasn’t that I didn’t want him to think of me in that way, it was just that I wasn’t used to it. The guys at my school didn’t look at me that way. They saw my tattered book bag, naked face, and charity clothes and then kept looking past me. 
	“You deserve better than me,” I whispered with my head hanging low and my eyes focused on my beat up tennis shoes. “I’m practically a criminal.”
	“Do you believe in fairytales?”
	I looked up at him then. “What do you mean?” I asked, not sure where this conversation was heading.
	“Peter Pan – was he a criminal when he was stealing from the rich to give to the poor?”
	I laughed softly. “Depends on who you’re asking.”
	He put his hand under my chin and lifted my face to his. “I’m asking you.”
	“He was a hero.” I answered.
	His lips drew closer to mine and I could feel the warmth of his breath. My heart sped up as I waited in anticipation. He had never kissed me before. “You’re a hero,” he said. Then he kissed me and it was the most perfect moment – rivaling any fairytale I had ever read.

	“But why do you have to go Rory?”
	I sighed and ruffled Artie’s already messy hair. “You know why. It’s only for a few more weeks. Then I’ll be done.”
	He grabbed hold of Bella’s hand and the two of them walked in my friend Marcie’s house. She smiled sympathetically in my direction before pushing her thick glasses back up her nose. “They’ll get over it.”
	I smiled and shrugged, “sometimes I’m not so sure.”
	She put her arm around my shoulders and walked me down the sidewalk toward the bus. “They’re kids, they will forget all about this.”
	“I hope that you’re right.”
	“I’m always right.”
	I laughed and then waved before turning and walking toward the bus stop.
	It had been a few weeks since I had started my community service at the assisted living home. During those weeks, the dreams had begun to come every night. Before then, they had just sporadic. Now, with each passing moment the desperation in my interactions with Phillip was becoming a living entity. One that I was pretty certain was a sure sign of losing my mind. I was falling in love with a dream… with an idea… with the hope that there was some truth in it all.
	The bus pulled to a stop a few minutes after I got there and I slipped wearily into a seat towards the back. The dreams had definitely cut into my rest. There were circles beginning to form under my eyes, I couldn’t stop yawning, and my brain pretty much felt like someone had turned it to mush. I was lucky that Miss Merriweather had kept me strictly as part of the clean-up crew. I wouldn’t have been able to handle anything else. Especially once I added school and my siblings on top of everything else.
	It’s funny, because even though I was tired and felt like my thoughts were dredging through my swampy brain, when I was with Phillip it was the only time I truly felt… alive. It was the only time I could really be me and not have to worry about anything else. There was a freedom in that and I couldn’t help feeling grateful for the illusion.
	Shaking myself from my thoughts and trying not to fall asleep, I picked up a discarded newspaper that someone had left behind. I didn’t have to look long before a headline caught my attention. It was a story about a family that had gone missing. There was no trace of them and the authorities had no leads, but a reward was being offered for anyone who had information.
	“Sad, isn’t it?”
	I hadn’t even noticed the ladies sitting behind me, looking over my shoulder. 
	“It seems like such a waste for such a wealthy family to just disappear.” 
	“I bet that they disappeared because they were wealthy.”
	“Now Florine, money isn’t evil, it’s what is done with it that can be evil.”
	One of the ladies tsked. “That’s your opinion Fawn.”
	“I’m sorry, did you two want to look at this?” I asked them.
	Two sets of friendly eyes twinkled back at me. “Oh no, dear,” the one I thought was Fawn said. “You are going to need that.”
	I raised my eyebrows. “I think I’m okay.”
	The other one, Florine, shook her head and sat back in her seat, “I think that there is probably something in there that you can use.” She looked over at the other lady and put the tip of her index finger against her lips. “Try page thirteen.”
	Fawn shivered. “What a terribly unlucky number.”
	“Oh poppycock! Luck has to do with the person, not the number.” Florine looked at me then and smile sweetly. “I think that luck has finally found you.”
	The bus began to slow to a stop and I stood up, anxious to get away. It wasn’t that they scared me or anything like that. They seemed harmless and sweet enough. It’s just that the whole situation seemed peculiar.
	“Well this is my stop.” I held out the paper again. “Are you sure you don’t want this?”
	They nodded at the same time. “Take it,” Fawn said, “somewhere in there is bound to be a happy ending.”
	I folded it and put it in my shoulder bag. “I don’t believe in happy endings.”
	Before they could say anything, I turned and hurried down the steps to the pavement. When I looked back up at the bus, their faces were staring down at me with amused expressions. I waved lamely toward them and their eyes sparkled in the afternoon sunlight for just a moment before the bus pulled away and drove off.
	“Well that was strange.” I said out loud.
	It was just a few blocks to the assisted living facility and I hurried toward it, eager to get the work done… and if I was honest with myself, I was eager to see Phillip too. It was hard to separate the Phillip in my dreams with the flesh and blood stranger lying in that bed. I wanted it to be real, but I knew that it was all my imagination; that some glitch in my brain had created the illusion that I actually had someone as amazing as he was who really cared about me. 
	The reality was that no one really cared about me. At least not in the way I needed them to. With my mom still sick and my brother and sister counting on me to take care of them, I hadn’t always made the best choices. If I had, I wouldn’t be hurrying toward an afternoon full of bedpans and soapy mop water. It was my job to take care of things now, not fantasize about someone else taking care of me.
	My strengthened resolve lasted until I walked through the doors of the assisted living place. It was quiet; eerily quiet. There were no nurses bustling about, no patrons staring blanking out from wheelchairs, no staff… no one. I looked up at the clock and saw that I was about ten minutes early… but still. This was creepy.
	“Hello? Is anyone here?” I called out through the halls. Nothing.
	I rubbed my arms absently against the goose bumps that were starting to pop up. A shiver worked its way up my spine and I looked behind me, hoping to see someone. Still nothing. I was afraid to look into the rooms that I was walking by. There was an unexplainable fear taking hold of me and I couldn’t shake the feeling of dread that was snaking its way through my bones.
	Phillip.
	His name rang through my brain and I began walking toward his door more and more quickly until I was running down the halls. The sound of my shoes hitting the tile was deafening in the otherwise silence of the building. I didn’t know what was going on. The only thought running through my head was that I had to get to him. I had to make sure that he was still here… that he was real.
	When I finally stood before his door, my heart beating from exertion, I was suddenly not sure I wanted to open it. If he wasn’t there, I would have to admit that something terrible had happened. Even if he was, I’d have to admit that something wasn’t right. Businesses weren’t run this way. People didn’t just disappear… buildings weren’t just left empty.
	Closing my eyes and taking a deep breath, I reached forward and turned the knob. Surprisingly, it turned and the door swung open. What I saw on the other side was something from a nightmare. Mallie, with her arms extended over her head and sparks flying between her fingers, stood over Phillip with an evil grin on her face. 
	A scream tore from my throat and her attention shifted from him to me. “I won’t let you have him.” She said sweetly.
	Before I could ask her what she meant, she threw her arms down toward me and the blast of energy she sent my way knocked me off of my feet. Her malicious laughter was the last sound I heard before blackness took me.

	“Time is running out.”
	Tears welled in my eyes. “Why would you say that?” 
	We were inside the house this time. I couldn’t remember ever having been in here before, but I knew instinctively that we were in his bedroom. He was lying on a huge four poster bed and I was sitting next to him, his hand tucked protectively in mine. Even in the dim light from a few candles, I could tell that he was ill. There was a pallor to his skin that hadn’t been there before. Dark circles framed his honey toned eyes, and a sheen of sweat covered his face.
	“Because it’s true,” he said sadly. “If you don’t find me soon, I’ll be lost forever.”
	I shook my head, confused. “I don’t understand. How can I find you when we are already together?”
	He brought my hand to his lips and I could feel the fever burning on his skin. “You have to find me in the other place… the other world. It’s only there that we can truly be together forever.”
	I gulped back fresh tears. “I don’t like the other place. Bad things happen there. I’m… different… there.” I lowered my eyes and let the tears fall freely. “You won’t love me there.”
	“I’ll love you anywhere Rory.”
	I looked up, hopeful, “but you don’t know what I’ve done.”
	“Yes I do, I told you – you’re a hero.”
	I shook my head. “The other you. You don’t know what I’ve done. I’m ashamed.”
	He laughed softly. “I’ll understand – I promise. I can help you. I can take care of you… all of you.”
	It was too good to be true so I didn’t say anything. I didn’t want to ruin what little time we had left together. Instead, I crawled all the way into his bed and lay down next to him. He held me like that for what seemed like hours. Murmuring promises into my ear and wiping the tears that continued to fall. I was so scared to lose him, that even the fever raging between us wasn’t enough to stop the chills that wracked through my body.

	“Aurora… Aurora! Wake up!”
	Cold water splashed on my face and I sputtered and flailed my arms as I struggled to sit up. Bright light assaulted my eyes when I opened them and I squeezed them shut. I tried to push whatever was holding on to me away, but my whole body ached. It was like my bones had shattered and then put themselves back together with pieces missing. I hurt… bad.
	“She’s fine, give her some space, Mallie.”
	My eyes flew open when I heard the name and my heart sputtered with fear. Her eyes looked into mine with malice and I wondered briefly why I had never noticed the evil that shined through them. I would have screamed then, but there was something wrong with my voice. I opened my mouth and moved it to form the words and sounds I wanted… but nothing happened.
	“I think that she is in shock,” Miss Merriweather said.
	For a second, when she looked at me, I was reminded of the two ladies from the bus. The warmth and goodness had radiated from them… just as it did now… from her. How could I have been so wrong about everything? I wanted to apologize, explain what I now knew was truth, but I couldn’t. My voice had been taken from me, stripped away so I couldn’t expose what I had seen.
	Things happened quickly then. I was lifted to a wheelchair – one much like those the other residents were trapped in. My body ached and cracked much like I would imagine an older person’s would. Then I saw my face in the mirror and I wasn’t even surprised by what I saw. A blank expression staring out of a wrinkled face. My body felt old because it was old.
	“Now Aurora, how did you even get out of your room?” Mallie asked nastily as she wheeled me into one of the rooms that I was pretty sure had been vacant before. “I guess that we are going to have to put everyone on lockdown again.”
	Right, I thought, so we can’t escape and expose this place for what it really was… something out of a nightmare. My dream came back to me and I could still feel Phillip’s arms wrapped around me. He had tried to tell me that we were running out of time. Had he meant this? Somehow I didn’t think that this was all of it.
	She spread the newspaper from earlier on my lap. “I thought you might be interested in this.”
	It was turned to the page about the family who had disappeared and there, staring back at me through the black and white photo was Phillip. I tried to pick it up to look at it closer, but it fell through my stiff and cracking fingers and pages scattered across the floor. Mallie laughed at my complete helplessness while she walked out of my room.
	The next few hours were the worst of my life. Visions of my brother and sister vied for prominence in my thoughts against visions of my mother. The truth was, when she had gotten sick, there was no one to work and no money to come in. So I had done what I had needed to do. I stole. Food, money, toothpaste. Whatever those kids had needed, I had gotten for them. Phillip called me a hero… the judge had called me a criminal.
	Now, with me tucked away in this body and this place, I couldn’t help wondering what was happening to them and how they were managing without me. I knew that Marcie and her family would care for them. At least until my mom was released from the hospital… if she was released…. But that didn’t ease my fears or the desperation I felt trying to choke me.
	Then, one morning after a night of restless sleeping, something amazing happened. Just as the morning sun began to rise and throw my room into a rainbow of pinks, oranges, and yellows, my body began to tingle and come to life. I threw the covers off of my bed and ran to the mirror. My own normal face stared back at me.
	Heart practically beating through my chest, I tried opening my door. It opened. I took a deep breath to give myself courage, certain that I would run right into Mallie. I was wrong. It was like I was in another place completely. I was inside my dream. Only instead of seeing Phillip outside of this stone mansion, I was greeted by the faces of hundreds of people.
	One of the ladies from the bus smiled sweetly at me from a few feet away. “Welcome Rory, we knew you’d come.”
	“Is this a dream?”
	She shook her head and a few of the other people chuckled. “No. This is our home.”
	“I don’t understand.”
	She walked forward and put her arm around my shoulder. “We are under a magic spell that keeps us trapped in an almost paralyzed state. You are the only person who can save us.”
	I backed away from her. “No. You’ve got the wrong person.”
	The other lady from the bus moved forward from the crowd. “No, Rory, we don’t. Phillip chose you to be our hero. He believes in you… and so do we.” She gestured to the crowd and I began to see familiar faces and features on faces. Every person whose room I had been cleaning for weeks now, was here. Just like me, they were all trapped. This couldn’t be real. Things like this didn’t happen in real life.
	I gulped. “I don’t know what to do.”
	She walked me to the front door of the castle like mansion. “You will.”
	Just like that first day in the assisted living home, the door opened by itself. Mesmerized, I walked over the threshold and then jumped when the door slammed behind me. It was disconcerting to be alone after having so many eyes trained on me outside. I tried to open the door and go back out there… back to safety, but it wouldn’t budge.
	“Follow your heart Rory, and you’ll find the way.”
	I turned back toward the interior of the front room and found myself looking at Miss Merriweather. Only she didn’t look like the nurse I had met that first day. She looked… magical… youthful almost and beautiful.
	“Why didn’t you tell me the truth?”
	She smiled sadly, “you had to find it for yourself.”
	The only light in the room was from candles which threw shadows around the room that seemed to shift and shimmer ominously. “This is crazy.”
	“There is magic in everything, Rory, you just have to decide if you are going to embrace it or run from it.”
	I took a step forward, remembering how it had felt in Phillips arms. How I had never felt like I had belonged anywhere as much as I had belonged with him. Another few steps and I had passed her on my way to the stairs. When my foot was on the first step I turned back to her… but she was gone and I was once again alone.
	There was a heaviness in the air it weighed me down. With each step I took up, it threatened to bury me, but I pushed forward. If this was my destiny, I couldn’t back away from it. I had to find the courage and strength inside of me to do the right thing.
	When I finally reached the landing, a blast of frigid air took my breath away. It was freezing up here. The hallway was icy and my shoe slid on the slippery surface. My teeth started chattering and my lungs protested when I was finally able to inhale the chilled air. Still I moved forward. Slow, but steady. 
	There were three doors in the hallway and I when I opened the first one, I almost lost all of my strength. My little sister was lying on a bed with her hands folded neatly over her chest. I ran to her, forgetting about the cold and ice and just before I got to her, a blast of energy threw me backwards.
	“Oh Bella,” I sobbed. “What has she done to you?”
	Almost as if she had been waiting for me to ask that question, Mallie appeared. Only she looked even more evil and frightening. “I will give you your sister right now if you leave this place and never come back.”
	Tears where streaming down my face, hot and steady, leaving a moist trail for the icy air to cling to. It was so tempting to accept her offer. It would be so easy to take my sister, my small innocent sister, and put this all behind me. But Phillips eyes swam before me, steady and strong, giving me the courage and motivation to move on.
	“I will defeat you,” I told her with a catch in my voice.
	She threw her head back and laughed. “You are a fool.”
	The room darkened and when I turned back to Bella – she was gone.
	Unwilling to leave any room unchecked, I moved back to the hallway and tried to turn the knob on the second door. The metal was so cold that my hand burned when I touched it. For a moment I thought that the delicate skin of my palm was stuck to it, but after a few seconds, I was able to turn it and the door creaked grudgingly open.
	It was Artie. Sweet, brave, and fearless Artie. Only it was worse than seeing Bella lying in that bed. Artie was awake. I couldn’t hear him, but it looked like he was screaming at me from across the room. His arms were restrained with what looked like old fashioned manacles above his head and even in the dimmed light, I could tell that they were rubbing the skin of his wrists raw from his movement.
	“Artie!” I screamed, but I couldn’t get to him. My feet were glued to the floor.
	He pulled and fought the chains, with his mouth open, screaming words that I couldn’t hear. It was worse… so much worse than Bella. With every second, my desperation grew more intense as I fought against the invisible force keeping me in place. Finally, after what seemed like hours, Mallie returned and I fell to my knees, free at last.
	I ran to my brother, but it was like a wall separated us. I couldn’t feel it, but I couldn’t move through it either. Nor, could I hear what he was still screaming at me with tears running down his own face. His lips were turning a scary blue from the cold and I could I feel my heart breaking in my chest.
	“I will release your brother if you take him and leave this place.” She smiled toward him, enjoying the pain that marred his face. “If you promise to never return.”
	I closed my eyes and buried my face in my arms. It was tempting. So very tempting – much more so than before because I could see the pain that he was feeling. I even imagined that I could feel what he felt and I rubbed absently at my wrists while the pain of my decision sunk in.
	“No.” I said – slightly more forcefully this time. I looked up at her, hatred blazing through my eyes from the depth of my soul. “You will not win. I will beat you.”
	She narrowed her eyes slightly before throwing her head back and laughing. “No.” She told me. “I will devour you.”
	Once again the room went dark and when I looked for Artie, he was gone. The only evidence that he had been there were the manacles still dangling from the wall. I shivered, noticing that the air had grown even cooler. The puffs of white my breath made in front of me were practically freezing into icy clouds. My bones were starting to groan and crack with each move that I made. 
	I moved slowly toward the hallway and paused when I saw my reflection staring back at me from a mirror. There were ice sickles dropping from stands of my hair and my eye lashes were frozen. My lips were a purplish blue and there were trails of ice where my tears had fallen.
	Forcing myself forward, I moved to the third door. The knob was hot. My skin sizzled when it touched it, such a contrast from the cold I was standing in. With extreme effort, I turned the knob. Heat blasted over me and I staggered backward a few steps. I had thought that any warmth would be appreciated after such cold, but I was wrong. It was like I was burning.
	A staircase loomed before me and I gritted my teeth against the burning air. My body protested the change in temperature, but I forced it on. There was a mantra repeating in my head. Right. Left. Right. Left. I forced first one foot and then the other up the endless stair case. I had to be climbing into a tower. There was no other explanation for the winding endless staircase. Toasted air blew past me, melting the ice in my hair and eyelashes. Sweat and water dripped down my face and shoulders making my clothing stick to my skin.
	Still I moved up. One step after another, I worked toward my destiny. I wouldn’t give up. I couldn’t give up. Just as I had refused to let my siblings starve, I refused to be the destruction of these people… of Phillip. I would save them.
	At first when my feet reached the landing of yet another staircase, I wasn’t sure what I was seeing. Then I noticed the door. It was the same ornate wooden door from the assisted living home. I was sure of it.
	“Phillip,” I whispered, my throat damaged and dry from the heat.
	As soon as the name was uttered, fire sprang up in front of me, blocking my way. I reached out toward it, hoping that it was an illusion and then cried out loudly when my hand was scorched and burned from the unforgiving flame.
	I sunk to the floor, just out of reach from the fire, and leaned back against the wall. “I can’t do this,” I whispered to myself. “It will kill me for sure.”
	I wiped at my face, but in the heat my tears had disintegrated before they even left my eyes. It was then that I noticed my hand. The one that had been burned from the fire. It was healed. Rosy from the heat, but otherwise the skin was unmarred.
	Then I knew. I could do this. I pushed up against the wall and closed my eyes against the fear within me. Then I took a huge breath of air and took my first step into the flames.
	I wanted to move quickly. The flames licked at my clothes and skin burning them, devouring them, but the air was thick and movement was slow. I could smell the hair being singed from my head and face and body. It was an acrid disgusting smell. My vision was clouded with the smoke from my burning clothes and flesh, but still I forced myself forward.
	When I finally made it to the door, I knew that I didn’t have the strength to open it, so I fell forward and cried as the flames continued to chase me. The door flew open against my weight and I welcomed the cool air that greeted me. I lay there for seconds, minutes, hours… I wasn’t sure how long, just letting the air kiss away my burns and soothe my throat and skin.
	“Rory?”
	I froze. “Mom?” I whispered.
	It was my worst nightmare. The thing that I was so very ashamed of. I couldn’t bare the sight of my own mother. She wasn’t just sick… she had cancer… and I didn’t recognize her.
	I opened my eyes and realized that I was in her hospital room. Complete with her hydraulic bed and monitors beeping next to her. Tubes were hooked into her arm and an IV was dropping water and pain medicine into her veins. Her once beautiful long blond hair was almost completely gone. A few long out of place strands were clinging to her bald head giving her a sickly appearance. Dark circles surrounded her sunken in eyes and her normally golden skin was bleached white from the illness.
	“Come here baby, let me look at you,” she croaked.
	This wasn’t my mother. This had to be some sort of monster, some sort of scary illusion meant to break me. But I knew that it wasn’t… and I was ashamed of my disgust and fear of her. My mother… the woman who had rocked me to sleep and took care of me when I was sick and I couldn’t even look at her.
	Against my will, my feet moved me toward her. The smell of illness was thick in the air and I gagged against it. When my hand reached toward hers, I let the tears fall. I didn’t want to do this. I didn’t want to touch her. She disgusted me.
	“I need a kiss from my baby. One last kiss before I go,” she whispered.
	I closed my eyes and shook my head, aware that her grip had tightened on my hand and she was pulling me closer to her. “No…” I whispered. I kept moving toward her. “No, no, no.” I repeated. I was weak. Tears streamed down my cheeks once again. I could feel her hot breath on my cheek. “NO!” I screamed and ripped my hand from hers.
	I backed away from the bed. I opened my eyes and was unable to take my gaze away from hers. She was hurt. She was devastated. I forgot everything. Bella, Artie… Phillip. There was nothing but her and I was terrified.
	“Don’t you love me anymore?” She asked.
	I tried to remember the person she used to be. The one before the cancer distorted her, but it was hard to do while I was facing her. Images flashed through my mind of days spent together, but it was like I was looking at two different people. I just couldn’t believe that she was the same person who had raised me.
	“I can’t do this,” I whispered, broken.
	Mallie reappeared. “I knew that you weren’t strong enough.” She laughed hideously.
	Then Florine and Fawn were standing before me, smiling down at where I had crumpled to the ground. “Luck has finally found you… all of your dreams are within your reach.”
	Then Miss Merriweather was before me, only she was smaller and a pair of shimmering wings were fluttering behind her, elevating her above the ground that I was lying on. “Follow your heart Aurora. You’re not a coward…”
	Artie and Bella replaced her. “You’re a hero.” They finished. “You’re our hero.”
	They all believed in me. They all needed me. They were all depending on me to be that person… to be that hero. Phillip took their place and I reached for him. My hand passed right through his image, but he smiled down at me. 
	“I’ll love you anywhere Rory.”
	I stood up and walked toward my mother.
	“What are you doing?” Mallie asked, a hint of panic in her voice. “Don’t do that, look at her, she’s repelling.”
	I ignored her and took hold of my mom’s hand.
	“No, you’ll ruin everything. Leave this place. Take your brother and sister and go. We were fine without you.”
	I looked down into the eyes that looked just like mine and ignored everything else.
	“GET AWAY FROM HER!”
	Light exploded inside of me and love filled the places where shadows have been hiding. This was my mom. When the light cleared, it was like my perception had changed. No longer was I seeing her balding head, no longer was I looking into her sunken eyes, no longer were there tubes in her arm. It was my mom… the beautiful amazing mom that I had loved forever.
	“I love you,” I whispered to her before leaning down and pressing my lips to hers.
	The room began to spin. Mallie’s screams began to tear through the room and when I opened my eyes, I was looking into Phillips. He clung to me and me to him while the room spun and spun. There was nothing but the two of us.
	“Sleep, my love,” he whispered against my lips.
	I shook my head. “I don’t want to lose you.”
	He smiled. “You won’t. When this is all over, I’ll come wake you up.”
	Then the world turned black.

	“Rory! Rory!” 
	I shook my head, trying to clear the sleep from my brain. I had been having the most magical dream. It was… it was…? I opened my eyes and blinked. I couldn’t remember what it was.
	“Rory!”
	I sat up in the hospital bed and stretched. “What Artie? I was sleeping.”
	But when I looked around for him, he wasn’t there. Instead a boy was standing next to my mother’s hospital bed. He was wearing pajama pants and a white t-shirt and I couldn’t help thinking he looked familiar somehow.
	“Who are you?” I blurted out.
	He turned and smiled at me. “I’m Phillip. I’m sorry to wake you, but I thought you should see this.”
	I stood up, confused but curious, and walked over to him. I gasped when I looked down at my mother. She was radiant. Her breathing was even, her hair was thicker, and her coloring had returned to normal.
	“How did this happen?”
	He shrugged. “I don’t know. I’ve been sleeping.”
	Just then, doctors rushed in and someone pulled him from the room. I reached toward him, afraid that if he left I’d never see him again, but it was too late. He was gone.
	My mother was cured. The doctors said that she was in remission, but I knew that it would never come back. Something had happened that day… something… magical. And although I didn’t understand it, I didn’t question it… I just accepted that my life was different and that everything was going to be better.
	It was a few weeks after we had left the hospital and life started returning to normal that I saw him again. I was walking through the halls of school and he was just… there… waiting for me. He smiled when I saw him and I smiled back.
	“I’ve been looking for you.” He told me.
	“Yeah, things have been a little crazy since my mom got better.”
	“I got better too.”
	I frowned. “Were you sick?”
	He shrugged. “Not really… just sleeping.”
	“What woke you up?”
	He smiled and reached out to take my hand. “You did. I was dreaming of you. I know that sounds crazy, but something told me that if I didn’t wake up, I’d never see you again.”
	Our fingers intertwined and my heart sped up. It was crazy… just as crazy as my mom suddenly cured… and I knew… it was magic. It was like something out of a fairytale.
	“I dreamt of you too,” I whispered shyly, but I knew that it was true. That it was him I had been dreaming of when he woke me in the hospital.
	He leaned forward and kissed me. Tentatively at first, like he was afraid that I wasn’t real, but then he pulled me into his arms and our kiss deepened. “I’ll love you anywhere Rory… forever.”
	I smiled and pulled away from him so that I could look into his honey colored eyes. “I’ll love you too... always.”
	And we did… we lived and loved… happily ever after.


Other works by Krystal George include: The Witches Lottery (Enchanted Island Series Book 1), A Dragon Forsaken (Enchanted Island Series Book 2), The Willows, and Guardian of the Realm: A Faerie Tale
Coming Soon:
The Goblin’s Daughter (Enchanted Island Series Book 3)
If you like this Anthology – Please check out Pleasant Dreams and Miraculous: Tales of the Unknown

Beastly
Heather Kirchhoff
©2013 by Heather Kirchhoff
    I glared out at the small town we’re nearing. I had been ripped away from everything I’ve ever known; I’ve lived in the city my entire life, but now I was taken away from it. Now I’m being forced to start over.
    It isn’t fair.
    “We’re here!” my mom sang as we came to a stop. I glanced up at a small cottage looking house. I groaned.
    “Are you kidding me?”
    “No, of course not.” Mom shook her head quickly. “Never. This is our new home.”
    “You’re serious?” I sighed, meeting her gaze. “There’s no way you’re backing down, is there?”
    “Nope. You’ll get used to this, I promise you that.”
    “Well, thanks, I guess.”
    “I know you don’t mean that, sweetie,” Mom informed me, reaching a hand over to pat my leg. “This will get better as time goes on.”
    “How can you be so sure?” I demanded. “Anything can happen!”
    “Stop that,” she chided. “Everything will be fine. It’s not like we’ve never moved before.”
    “Yeah, but never to a new town,” I retorted.
    “Chill and enjoy,” she said as she got out. I watched as Mom went up to the house and unlocked it. She looked back at me once before going in. I waited another minute before getting out of the car, sparing one glance around the small yard and street. I sighed again as I headed towards the house, my heart skipping. This is just a new start, I tell myself over and over. Nothing more, nothing less. But yet, I still feel lost. It just isn’t fair. Why do I have to suffer?
    “Oh stop,” Mom said when I went into the house. “It’s not the end of the world. You’ll live.”
    “Yeah yeah,” I muttered, looking around the small living room-or, at least, that’s what I assume it is. Mom left me then to go roam the house. After a few minutes, I went back outside and sat down on the ground, turning my attention to my phone.
    “Belle,” Mom said as she came back out ten minutes later. “Let’s get this stuff into the house so we can go into town.” She gave me a pointed look when I glanced up at her. “The sooner we get settled, the sooner you can get used to it.”
    “And if I don’t want to?”
    “You can’t control what you get used to. Now let’s go.”
    “Fine,” I grumbled, standing. It took us several hours to get the stuff in and put away. Relief washed over me once we were done. That was a lot for us. I shook my head, rolling my eyes at myself. “Don’t be silly,” I told myself sternly.
    “Come on, Belle!” my mom called suddenly. I nodded, going to the living room. I found Mom going through a few last things; she looked up at me, her eyes shining. “Are you ready?” she asked, studying me.
    “Yup.”
    “Good, let’s go!”
    I laughed at her excitement, but I guess I understand where she’s coming from. This is a new start for both of us.



After a few hours of wandering, Mom went into a store while I lingered outside. A couple girls were talking while sipping on their drinks.
    “Did you hear?” one of them asked, taking a long drink.
    “About what?”
    “About the monster…werewolf-whatever the hell it is.” The other one shook her head. At that, my gaze immediately shot up to them. The one that just shook her head met my gaze, nodding slightly. I quickly turned my head away, my cheeks flushing. I knew I should just walk away, but I couldn’t.
    “Oh yeah, my boyfriend told me,” she said. “It’s crazy, isn’t it?”
    “Defiantly.”
    “I can’t believe something like that could even happen.”
    “Same here.”
    I rolled my eyes. That can’t happen. No way.
    “Did your boyfriend tell you anything else?”
    “Nah, not really except that it’s something no one knows about. People claims they see it, but nothing ever comes of it.” She shrugged. “Who knows?”
    I looked up when I noticed their voices were fading away. A monster? Yeah, right. Nothing like that is possible. It isn’t real. 
    Is it?
    I shook my head fiercely. There’s no way it is. That’s just a myth people are spreading-a tale. Exactly, it’s just a tale. But what if it’s not? What if this is true? Think reasonably, I scolded myself, mentally rolling my eyes. This isn’t true! Yet, I couldn’t shake the feel it is. Maybe there’s only one way to find out.
    Am I really going to do that?
    Will I really go to wherever this myth is taking place and find out? I began walking, noticing a library not that far from me, I went to it. Once I was inside, I nodded at the librarian and marched over to the computers, claiming one. I waited as it loaded, rebooting itself and all that. Once it was finally done, I typed in the first thing that came into my mind and watched as several things came up. I clicked on the first one, skimming over it before moving onto the next. There was a lot of information and some blurry pictures taken at night, it was weird. They looked as if the object of the picture was moving-running. I closed my eyes after thirty minutes passed, knowing I got all the information I needed. I have to go see what all this commotion is about. My curiosity is getting the best of me.
    For the rest of the day, I hung around the library, checking out a few books and flipping through them. Finally, around four, I decided to go find my mom; I had a feeling she’d be worried sick about me. I enjoyed the cool breeze against my flesh, walking quickly with the books in hand.
    “Hey, Mom!” I called the moment I spotted her.
    She instantly looked in my direction. “Oh good God. What has gotten into you?”
    “Nothing,” I said, showing her what I held in my hands. “I just went to the library.”
    “Of course you did,” she sighed. 
    “Is something wrong with that?” I asked cautiously.
    “No, no. I wish I knew about that, though.”
    “You were in there.” I gestured towards the building she had disappeared into. “I didn’t really want to go find you.”
    “I get it. Let’s get home so I can fix supper.”



Well after dusk, I sneaked out of my room, tiptoeing through the house. I unlocked and opened the front door as quietly as I could, slipping out; I latched the door silently behind me. I then walked swiftly to the woods lining the houses. I glanced around, finding a tree not far from me with a few branches entwining, making a perfect spot to sit; I climbed the tree effortlessly, grabbing a hold of two branches above my hideout. I sat down, leaning back and resting my feet on the bark.
    I don’t know how long I sat there before hearing a noise. I snapped my head up, my eyes darting around the dark woods. At first, I didn’t see anything, but as the moments passed I began to hear noises-scratching, grunting. It was weird. I sat straight up, trying my best not to be caught; I peered through the darkness, my eyes narrowing. I opened my mouth to speak, but instantly closed it. I’m not that stupid, am I? Why did I even come out here? The noises seemed to be getting closer and closer to me. I froze, silently crouching down on the tree branch; I placed my hand on a branch beside me for balance, closing my eyes briefly, waiting. I rest my head against the bark, my heart racing as I listened to the noises. God, I’m so stupid. Another noise drifted to me from the darkness and I flinched, gripping onto the branch tightly. I willed myself to stay quiet.
    Not long after that a figure darted between the trees, and, for some unknown reason, I jumped down after it. I raced forward, listening intently for the crashing noises ahead of me. My breathing became ragged as I ran, my chest heaving as my heart pounded within. After what seemed like forever, I tripped and fell, a scream ripping its way from me. I tried to put my hands out, catching myself, but it didn’t work. Instead, a searing pain filled my body as my wrist bended the wrong way; I cried out, softly cursing under my breath. I cradled my wrist, tears stinging my eyes. Why did I come out here? I wondered helplessly. Now I can be found easily. I shook my head fiercely, trying to clear my thoughts. I closed my eyes for a few seconds, letting the pain wash over me as I laid there, shivering. I sighed, shifting to the fetal position; I let myself drift off to sleep, uncaring anymore.

I awoke to a sharp snap. My eyes snapped opened and I bolted upright, my thoughts scattered as I peered into the darkness. A scream wedged itself into my throat as I opened my mouth, my heart skipping a beat. Scared eyes stared down at me; I couldn’t make anything of it out. It was covered in the darkness.
    “Hello,” I said gently, extending my hand. The creature stared at me long and hard until finally stepping forward. I gasped as I watched it step into the silver glow of the moonlight; it had burns all over, leaving scars and welts crawling along its flesh. Dirt was grinded over the poor creature; it had black hair and torn jeans. “Who are you?” I murmured, gazing into the eyes of a terrified human, I quickly realized. It wasn’t a creature, but a he. The boy opened his mouth to speak before quickly closing it, opting to stare at me instead. “It’s okay,” I informed him, my tone light. “I won’t hurt you. Who are you? What’s your name?”
    “I-I…don’t…know,” he said gruffly, almost as if he hadn’t used his voice in forever. My heart twisted for the young boy.
    “Why don’t you know?” I slowly went on my knees, never letting my eyes stray from his. “You must know something.”
    He shook his head, grunting. I sighed, tearing my gaze away from his. I kept my eyes glued to my hands as pain still ebbed from my wrist.
    “Please speak to me. I want to know what’s going on.”
    He didn’t say anything for a long moment. “I-I…don’t remember my name.” I didn’t reply, but I let my eyes stray to him again, encouraging. “I was abandoned…” He trailed off and I saw tears form in his eyes.
    “I’m sorry,” I whispered. “You want a new life?”
    His head shot up at that, staring at me, astonished. I smiled at him, standing; it took me a moment to balance, but once I did, I walked over slowly. 
    “What do you think? I can take care of you. No, I will take care of you. I swear.”
    “I can’t ask for that,” he said. It sounded like it came easier for him.
    “I insist.”
    “I can’t,” he repeated, taking a step away from me.
    I caught up to him, grabbing his hand. “I want you to,” I replied as he turned back to me. “I want to make you better. People fear you.”
    “Why?” he asked hesitantly.
    “Because you’re only out in the woods, always running and hiding. No one knows what you are.” I tugged on his hand. “I insist you come with me to my house.”
    After a little more pursuing, he agreed to do so. I took him there, cleaning and addressing his wounds; I fed him as much as I could, a smile lighting my face as I watched him eat. It felt wonderful knowing it was my assistance that helped him. My heart was filled with joy at giving him new clothes, food, and a place to sleep. I gently kissed his forehead, murmuring a soft good night as I turned out the light and went to my own room, the young boy on my mind all night as I tried to close my eyes and go to sleep.

(c) 2013 Heather Kirchhoff

Cinder
By: Kate Marie Robbins
©2013 by Kate Marie Robbins
	For as long as I can remember, cats were off limits in our house.  When I was young, I didn’t understand why.  I whined for days, months on end, because I wanted one.  The answer was always no.   Well, now I do.
	I always thought the stories my parents told me were just make-believe.  That they just didn’t want to tell me the real reason I couldn’t have a cat, which was silly, to me.  Why couldn’t they just tell me the truth?  Was dad allergic?  Was mom?  Was I?  They would never discuss it when I asked though.
	Once I became a teenager, I had simply given up.  There was no point in fighting them on it any longer.  And besides, I had other things on my mind; school, friends, boys, and finding an after school job.  But I swore that once I moved out of my parents’ house, that I would get a cat of my own.  There was nothing they could do to stop me once I wasn’t living under their roof any more.
	I thought about getting a job at the local animal shelter, but knew that might make things complicated at home.  I could just not tell them, but eventually they would find out.  That was a conversation I was reluctant to have, under any circumstances.  I could just visit the animals sometimes.  There wasn’t any harm in that was there?  
	One day after school, I found myself headed in the direction of the animal shelter.  I never actually intended to go there.  It was just one of those fleeting thoughts, but my feet refused to take me anywhere else.  It was like I was possessed; but yet, I didn’t feel like I was.  I just had the strangest urge that I needed to go to the animal shelter.
	When I was standing in front of the building, with my hand firmly grasping the door handle, I shook myself, trying to shake off whatever had gotten into me.  Briefly, it worked.  I let go of the door.  But then whatever had taken hold of me, grabbed me once again.  It forced my hand back on the door and I pushed it open.
	There was a cheerful older lady sitting at the front desk.  She glanced up at me and smiled when she saw me.  “What can I do for you today?” she asked.  
	I looked at her, stunned.  I didn’t know what I was doing here.  How would I even begin to explain that to her?  But somehow, words formed.  “I was wondering if I could maybe visit with some of the animals.  I’m not allowed to have a pet, but I thought it would be nice, you know, to just play with them for a little while…if that is allowed.  Is it?”
	She nodded, still smiling at me.  “Why yes, of course.  We are in desperate need of volunteers.  I think the animals would quite enjoy it.”
	“I’m Crimson, by the way,” I said extending my hand to her.
	She took it gingerly in her own and shook it.  “I’m Branna.”
	“Thank you for giving me the opportunity to do this,” I beamed.
	With that, she led me back to the area where they kept the animals in cages.  Upon seeing them, I felt so awful.  How could anyone do this to a poor defenseless animal?  I just couldn’t comprehend it.   Anger filled me, but I couldn’t let Branna see that.  It would make her feel very uncomfortable and then she would more than likely ask me to leave.  I just couldn’t allow that to happen.  I pushed the angry thoughts away and smiled.
	“As you can see, we have several animals here.  Try not to have more than two animals out at once.  A lot of them don’t get along very well.  Most are very shy and skittish, with well good reason.  They’ve all had hard lives.  I wish more people understood that,” Branna said with a sigh.  “Do try to enjoy yourself, but be weary of the time, we close at seven.”
	I nodded in understanding and walked the length of the room, looking at all the caged animals.  Who did I want to see first?  There were so many cute animals, big dogs, little dogs, and a few cats.  I told myself no.  No cats.  Mom and dad would freak out if they knew, and they would.  I didn’t know how or why, but I knew they would be able to smell it on me.   So I settled on a cute border terrier.  The card on his cage said his name was Biscuit.  
	I had to giggle, that was an awfully cute name.  Maybe mom and dad would let me have a dog instead?  The thought had never crossed my mind before.  I decided I would ask them when I got home.  They couldn’t say no to a dog.  It wasn’t a cat.  That gave me a little hope.
	Over the next few hours, I managed to give attention to a handful of dogs.  They were all very happy about it.  Lots of slobbering and kisses.   I was giggling and breathless by the end of the afternoon.
	I glanced at my watch.  Ah, crap, it’s 6:45.  I quickly ushered the last puppy back into her cage, washed up in the sink on the back wall, then grabbed my coat and backpack and headed towards the front.  I expected to still see Branna sitting at the front desk, but she was nowhere to be found.  I called out to her, but got no answer.  
	Where could she have gone?  I had just come from the back.  There was nowhere else for her to be.  I scratched my head.  I couldn’t wait around for her though.  I noticed a notepad on the desk.  I quickly scrawled a note, thanking her for allowing me to visit with the animals and that I might be back in the near future.  Then I headed out the door and quickly sprinted home.  
	I was going to be late for dinner and I knew it.  When I finally walked into the kitchen, mom looked up from the stove.  “There you are.  Where on earth have you been?  Dinner is getting cold.”
	“Sorry mom,” I muttered as I took my seat at the table.
	Days went by and I found myself itching to go back to the animal shelter.  I realized that I had never brought up the idea of getting a dog either.  Why hadn’t I done that?   I meant to, but every night at dinner, the thought never crossed my mind.  Maybe I didn’t really want a dog?  That had to be it.  It was a cat that I wanted.
	I did my best to not think about it, to not go back.  I knew if I did, it was only a matter of time before I got the urge to give attention to the cats.  If I did that, I wouldn’t be responsible for my actions.  For a while, I did well at not thinking about the animal shelter.  I suppressed the urges.  When I thought about it, I immediately forced myself to think of something else, anything else.  It seemed to be working.
	About a month later, the urge was getting too hard to suppress.  I was even beginning to dream about it.
	I woke up on Saturday morning, and couldn’t fight it anymore.  I practically flew out of bed and into the shower.  Quickly threw on a pair of jeans, a t-shirt, hoodie, and my tennis shoes, and then sprinted out the door.  Mom and dad weren’t home, thank goodness.  I didn’t want to have to come up with a lie.
	I was panting by the time I reached the animal shelter, hoping they were open.  I pulled on the door, it opened.  Thank goodness.  
	Branna smiled when she saw that it was me who had come in.  “I didn’t think you’d be back.  Glad to see you again.  The animals sure have missed you.”
	I stifled a laugh.  How could she know that?  Besides, I had only been here once.  I shook my head.  “I’ve been pretty busy with school and whatnot.  I always meant to come back and visit, but I just couldn’t find the time.  I’m here now though.  If it’s okay, I’d love to visit with the animals again.”
	“Absolutely,” Branna beamed.  “You know the way, so I will just let you get to it.”  The phone rang; she picked it up and said, “Hello, metro animal shelter, how may I help you?”  
	I knew that was my cue to leave.  It felt so right being here again.  Why had I waited so long?  It didn’t matter now, I was here.  And it felt right.
	Hours went by without my noticing, because when I looked up from where I had been sitting, Branna was standing over me.  “It’s almost noon,” she said.  “I was about to close up for lunch.  I had almost forgotten you were here, but then I heard Biscuit barking.  Good thing.  Otherwise I would have locked you in here accidentally,” she continued, with a laugh.  “Say, if you’re not doing anything, would you like to have lunch with me?  There’s a diner just down the block that has amazing burgers and milkshakes.”
	“That sounds amazing.”  My stomach was growling, since I had neglected to grab breakfast before I left the house.  “Lead the way,” I sang, as I put Biscuit back in his cage.  “I’ll be back soon boy, I promise,” I said to him, then quickly washed my hands.  “All ready to go now,” I replied, as I pulled my hoodie back on.
	Lunch was great, just as Branna had promised.  The conversation was lovely as well.  She had such interesting stories to tell.  I listened intently to everything she said.  There was something about Branna.  She was captivating.  I had never met anyone quite like her.
	We then walked back to the shelter.  “Thank you for lunch.  I really appreciate it.”
	“It’s not a problem dear.  I usually eat alone, so it was nice to have the company.”  She gave me a warm smile.
	“I should really be going now.  I do have other things I need to do today.”
	Branna nodded in understanding.  “Please come back and see us soon.  Both I, and the animals would like that very much.”  She waved to me as I walked down the sidewalk and around the corner, back towards my house.
	After that day, I spent every weekend there, and almost every day after school.  I just couldn’t stop myself.  I never saw my friends any more.  They were starting to worry about me.  I told them they were crazy, that I was just volunteering at the animal shelter.   They really thought I was crazy then.  
	“The animal shelter!?” my best friend Rania exclaimed.  “You know better than that Crimson!  Do your parents know?  Because if they don’t, they should know about this.  How could you?”  She shook her head at me.
	“I just can’t help it.  You know how much I love animals.  Since I can’t have one, this is the only way.  Please, please don’t tell my parents about it.  You know what they would do to me if they found out.”  I looked at her, my eyes pleading her to keep my secret.
	“Oh, alright,” Rania said with a sigh.  “But this has got to stop.  You can’t be spending every waking moment there.  Promise me that, please.”  She gave me her trademark Rania look, the one that meant she means business.
	“Yes, yes, I promise.”  I would have said anything at that point, just to get her off my back.  “Maybe one of these days you could come with me?” I asked, hoping that maybe if she spent some time there, that she would understand.
	She looked at me, skeptically, but then nodded.  “Alright, if it will make you happy, I’ll go with you this weekend.”
	I was beaming.  I couldn’t wait for Saturday to come.  It was going to be great.  Or so I thought.
	Rania met me at my house Saturday morning.  This time, I had enough sense to eat something before we left. 
	As we walked down the street, I was happily chattering away about all the animals that were there.  I don’t think she was actually listening to me, but I didn’t care.  I was too excited to even notice.
	When we walked in the door, Branna looked up at us.  “Hi Crimson, it is always a pleasure to see you.”  Then she saw Rania standing next to me.  Her smile faded.  “Who is this?” she inquired, trying to hold back her anger.
	“Oh, this is my best friend Rania. I asked her to come with me, since she was upset I was spending all my time here.  I hope it’s okay,” I replied, trying not to show my nervousness.
	Branna then put a smile on, that was obviously as fake as they come, but I made no comment.  “Of course it’s alright.  The animals will get twice as much attention now.  I’ll leave you to it; I’ve got some paperwork to do.  Enjoy yourselves girls.”  She didn’t look up at us again.
	“What was that about?” Rania asked me once we were out of Branna’s earshot.  
“I have no idea,” I remarked.  “I’ve never seen her act like that before.”  It had me beyond perplexed.
	“Well, I don’t like her.  She makes me very uncomfortable.  I don’t want to be here any longer than I absolutely have to, so let’s get this over with.”
	I tried not to let Branna’s peculiar behavior ruin our morning.  After a while, I had forgotten all about it.  When I looked at my watch, it was almost noon.  I was surprised that Branna hadn’t come to let us know, but then I remembered her rudeness from earlier.  What did she have against Rania?  I mean, I know she could be arrogant and cranky sometimes, but still.  There was no way she could have known that.  I shrugged it off though, and started getting ready to go.
	Rania was captivated by Biscuit, so she hadn’t noticed.  I cleared my throat, trying to get her attention.  She looked up at me, beaming.  “Goodness, he is the cutest thing I have ever seen.  I just want to take him home with me!” she exclaimed.
	“Someone seems to be enjoying herself.  A lot more than she said she would.”  I giggled.  “But it’s almost noon.  I think we should go get some lunch.  Branna showed me this amazing diner.  How about we go have lunch there?”
	Rania got up off the floor, and coaxed Biscuit back into his cage.  “That sounds great,” she marveled.
	Once we had everything cleaned up, we headed up towards the front desk.  Branna was still sitting in the same spot we had left her mere hours ago.  It didn’t look like she had moved from that spot.  She didn’t even glance up at us when we approached.
	“We’re going off for some lunch now.  If you’re not too busy, you’re more than welcome to join us.” I said to her.
	She still didn’t look up at us.  “That’s quite alright,” she said in a monotone.  “I’ve got a lot of work to do.  You go on without me.”
	“Yeah, I really, really don’t like her,” Rania commented, once we were outside.  “Please don’t make me go back there again.  There’s just something about her.  It’s not just the fact that she was absolutely horrid to me.  It’s something else.  I can’t quite put my finger on it.  She just gives me the willies,” she said with a shiver.
	I hadn’t felt that way about her, but I had spent a lot more time with her.  Then again, she was always super nice to me.  Not the way she was about Rania.  I wondered what that was about.  I told myself I would ask Branna about it the next time I was there.  I had to find out what was really going on.
	“I am not going back there again,” Rania declared after we had finished our lunch.
	“I figured as much,” I said with a sigh.  “How would you like to spend the rest of the afternoon then?”
	“Duh, the mall, obviously,” she sang.  “Cute boys, cute clothes, it’s obviously what we should be doing.  Not playing with cats and dogs.”
	“I’ll have you know, I haven’t touched any of the cats yet!” I retorted.
	“It’s only a matter of time Crimson.  You best be careful.  Your parents will freak if they find out.  Relax, I won’t tell them.  Just quit neglecting everyone else around you.”  She threw one of her famous Rania looks at me yet again.
	“Alright, alright, let’s go to the mall.”  I was in no mood to argue with her.
	The next day I headed back to the animal shelter.  I was determined to get some answers.  When I walked in, Branna looked up at me.  “Oh, you didn’t bring her with you again?” she asked, almost grateful.
	“No, she wasn’t impressed with your not so warm welcome yesterday.  If I may ask, what was that about?”  I looked down at the floor, hoping that I could handle what she was going to say.
	“It was nothing, I assure you.  I was just having a bad day, so much paperwork, and I haven’t been sleeping very well.  I didn’t mean to take it out on your friend.  I hope she will forgive me for acting so rudely towards her.”
	I nodded, but wasn’t sure that I believed it.  I bit my tongue and said nothing about it though.  “I’ll tell her.”
	“Thank you,” she said, giving me a genuine smile.
	I spent the morning and afternoon visiting with the animals, with a short lunch break with Branna.  
	As I was walking home that afternoon, a thought flitted through my mind.  One of these days, I told myself, I’d bring a nice picnic lunch for the two of us.  I knew that she would enjoy it.  Maybe next weekend?  Yes, next weekend would be good.  
	I was almost home when I heard a noise behind me.  It sounded like I was being followed.  I knew I should just keep walking.  But something inside me told me to turn around.  So I did, and there he was sitting on the sidewalk behind me, not more than twenty-five feet away.
	We eyed each other nervously, neither of us moving.  I knew I shouldn’t approach, but I couldn’t leave him there either.  It would be wrong and I knew it.  So I slowly edged forward, one step at a time, making sure that he wasn’t moving.  I didn’t know what I would do then.
	“I’m not going to hurt you,” I coaxed, as I walked towards the tiny, jet black kitten; with glowing green eyes.   “It’s okay little guy.  You’re safe now.”  I was standing right in front of him now.  I knew I shouldn’t pick him up.  I shouldn’t even be standing here.  I need to go.  I need to turn around and leave.  Just keep walking, keep walking until I’m home.  But I couldn’t just leave him here either.
	Then it hit me, I could take him to the shelter.  Yes, that is what I would do.  I gently picked him up, trying not to scare him.  He didn’t seem to mind though.  He snuggled up in my arms right away, and started purring.  It felt so right.  Everything inside of me wanted to keep him.  But I knew I couldn’t.  
	I walked slowly back the way I had come from, hoping that Branna was still there.  It was getting late, and I knew she would probably be closing up soon.  I walked as fast as I could.  When I got there, the building was dark and the door was locked.
	“Dang it,” I muttered.  “Now what am I going to do with you?”  I didn’t have very many options.   I sat down on the curb to think.  I had to come up with a plan.  I couldn’t leave this little guy alone.  I couldn’t bring him home either.   I sure as heck couldn’t ask Rania either.  She’d flip out on me for even picking him up.   Those were my only options.  I didn’t like any of them very much.  
	He looked up at me.  He almost looked sad.   I knew a cat couldn’t look sad, but he did.  “Don’t you worry little guy, I’m going to take care of you.”  Before I knew it, I was up off the ground and walking home.  I’d just have to hide him until tomorrow.  I could bring him to the shelter before school.  I didn’t know how I was going to hide him from my parents, but what choice did I have?
	When I got home, I checked the garage.  The car wasn’t there.  At least that would buy me some time to figure out a place to hide the cat until morning.  It would have been ridiculously hard to smuggle him inside with my parents at home.   I quickly went inside and up to my room.  I set the kitten on my bed and went in search of something for him to sleep on and food for him.  I would make him as comfortable as I could.  
	I took a blanket out of the hall closet, filled a bowl with milk and grabbed some of the leftover chicken out of the fridge.   It was just going to have to do.  I couldn’t get kitten chow.  I set everything down in my closet, picked the kitten up from my bed and set him down in front of the blanket and food.  He devoured the chicken and milk, then curled up on the blanket and went to sleep.  I left the closet door open, so he wouldn’t freak out, and then started on my homework.
	A few hours later, mom called up to me to say that dinner was ready.  I hoped that I could play it cool.  I knew it wasn’t going to be easy, but I had to do it.  I tried to stay calm as I slid into my chair at the table.  
	“What’s that smell?” dad asked as I sat down.
	“I don’t smell anything,” I commented.  “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
	Mom walked into the room with a bowl of mashed potatoes.  “Oh my god, I smell it too.  I know what that is.  It’s hard to mistake.  Crimson, you have a lot of explaining to do.”
	I stared at her, incredulous. I didn’t know what to say.  “What are you talking about mom?”  I tried to play it off as I didn’t know what she was talking about.
	“I smell cat!  Now start talking,” she demanded.
	“I...umm…I…” I began.
	“You what?  Out with it already Crimson.  Quit stalling,” mom fumed.
	I knew there was no way out now.  She would find out eventually.  So everything came pouring out.  The animal shelter visits and the kitten asleep upstairs in my room.
	Neither of my parents said anything after I was finished.  “Will one of you please say something?  I don’t understand what’s going on.  How could you smell the cat on me?  What is the big deal?  I’m going to take him to the animal shelter in the morning.  Just tell me what I’ve done wrong.”
	“Oh honey,” mom said, shaking her head.  She turned to dad.  “We better tell her the truth now, don’t you think?”
	Dad nodded.  “Yes, we better.  It may already be too late though.”
	“Too late for what?  Tell me what’s going on!” I exclaimed.  This was getting frustrating.
	She sat down and looked at dad.  “Do you want to tell her or should I?”
	Dad thought for a moment.  “You had better.  You know the stories better than I ever will.”
	“What stories?”  What had I gotten myself into?     What had I done?
	“Our family is special, Crimson.  Though I wouldn’t call it special; it is more of a curse than anything.  We are drawn to them.  I was once like you honey.  I wanted a cat more than anything.  But your grandma wouldn’t let me have one.  I didn’t understand.  She wouldn’t tell me why.  So one day, I brought one home from a friend’s house.   I kept it a secret from both her and your grandpa.”
	I stared at her, awestruck.  “So, you did kind of the same thing I did then?  So you can’t be too mad at me, can you?”
	“Yes and no.  I do understand, but it doesn’t make it right.  I’m getting to that.  What happened after tore my world apart.”  She was on the verge of tears, but choked them back.
	“What happened mom?”  I was starting to get very worried.
	“People started dying.”  She said it so blatantly, that I thought it was a joke.  But the look on her face said otherwise.
	“What do you mean people started dying?”  I couldn’t even wrap my head around it.  “What does death have to do with cats?”
	“Brace yourself sweetie; this isn’t an easy pill to swallow.   Cats, they aren’t just cats.   They are something more than that, something evil.   Not everyone knows the truth, not everyone can see it.”
	“See what?  You’re not making any sense.”  I was so frustrated.
	“See them for what they really are.   They are witches.”
	“Witches?  But they don’t exist, they’re just in fairytales.  This can’t be real.”  I was shaking.  Could it be real?  No, this couldn’t be real.  But mom and dad’s faces, they were somber, serious.  They had no reason to lie about this.  
	“Our ancestors were one of the original families that were able to see the truth.  To see cats for what they really were.   I thought I could shelter you from it all, much like your grandmother thought she could do for me.  It apparently isn’t as easy as I would have hoped it would have been.   But I didn’t have the guidance that I needed.”  She was fighting back tears now.  “Crimson, the witches, they killed your grandma and grandpa.”
	I shook my head.  No, this couldn’t be true.  It just couldn’t.   “I don’t believe you.  This is insane.  Witches aren’t real!  They aren’t!  Why would you tell me this?  I want to know the truth.”   I got up from the table and stormed out of the room, ran up to my bedroom and slammed the door shut behind me.
	The kitten woke up when he heard the door slam.  He got up from the blanket he was curled up on, did a stretch and yawn, then sauntered over where I had collapsed on the bed.  He started meowing at me.  I peered over the side of the bed.  He was looking up at me.  I couldn’t help but smile.  
	How could this poor, little, innocent creature be a witch?   It couldn’t be true, it just couldn’t.  I picked him up and set him on the bed next to me.  He curled up next to me, and started purring.  I lay there, petting him.  It was comforting.  I needed that.  As I lay there, I decided that my kitten needed a name.  I pondered over it for a while, then it struck me, I would call him Cinder.  I didn’t know how or where I came up with it, but I just knew that it was right.
	When I woke up, it was still dark outside.  I looked at my alarm clock.  It was 3 a.m.  My stomach was growling.   I hadn’t eaten dinner, so I decided to head to the kitchen to make myself a snack.  What I saw when I got downstairs was unnerving, terrifying.    All the dishes were still sitting on the dining room table.  Nothing had been put away.   That wasn’t like my mom at all.
	Something just felt wrong, very wrong.  I ran back upstairs and knocked on my parent’s bedroom door and called out their names.  I got no response, but if they were sleeping, they more than likely wouldn’t hear me.  I hesitated briefly, and then pushed the door open.  The bed was still made.  It didn’t look like anyone had even been in the room recently.  
	I was so confused.  Where could they be?  I hurried from the room and ran out to the garage.  Their cars were still there.   My mind was racing.   I didn’t know what to do.  Call the police…and tell them what?  What would I say?  What could I say?   I would never be able to explain what had happened.  I shook my head.  
	I decided to search the house from top to bottom.  Maybe they had left a note or some sort of clue as to where they had gone.  After hours of searching, I had come up empty handed.  I resigned, forced myself to clean up dinner, made myself something to eat, and tried to go back to sleep.  I hoped that things would look better in the morning.  
	I was quite restless though, and only managed to get a few hours of sleep.  I was just too worried.  When I finally climbed out of bed, it was almost ten.  I went back downstairs, but everything was just as I had left it.  
	I grabbed my cell phone from my purse.  I had several unread text messages, all from Rania.  Wondering why I wasn’t at school.  I sat down on the couch, trying to decide what to tell her.  Maybe I should tell her to ditch school and come over.  I didn’t really want to be alone.  But it wasn’t like I could tell her anything either.  
	I stared at the phone in my hand, trying to figure out what to do.   I didn’t want to get her involved, but I couldn’t stand to be alone either.  
	‘Can you come over?  Something happened last night.’  I finally sent her.
	‘Sure.  I’ll ditch at the next bell.  See you soon.’ She replied.
	Thank goodness.
	I was falling apart by the time Rania showed up, apparently.  Because she took one look at me and threw her arms around me.  And let me tell you, that isn’t typical Rania.
	“What is going on?” she asked, concern filling her eyes.
	“You had better sit down,” I replied.  “It’s a long, complicated story.  You probably won’t even believe me, but I swear it’s all true.”
	She shot me one of her signature looks, but said nothing.  I sat down on the couch next to her, trying to gather my thoughts.  I didn’t even know where to start.  I took a deep breath and began, hoping that I would actually make sense.
	When I was done, Rania just sat there, staring at me, with her mouth gaping.  I knew she wouldn’t believe me.  Who in their right mind would?  What I was saying was insane.  
	“What am I going to do now?” I wailed.  
	Rania shook her head.  “I don’t know Crimson, I don’t know.  But you need to get rid of that cat.  Right away!”
	I nodded, knowing she was right.  After what had already happened, I was starting to believe.  “We can take him to the animal shelter, since I was already going to do that.  Let’s go right now.”  I didn’t want to waste any more time.
	I sent Rania to the garage to find a box, while I went up to my bedroom to get Cinder.  I found him curled up in the closet again.  I picked him up carefully, trying not to wake him.  No such luck though.  He woke up the second I got him off the ground.  He snuggled into my arms and started purring.  Of course, he was going to make it difficult for me to get rid of him.  I pushed his cuteness away and reminded myself of what had already happened.  Taking him to the shelter was the right thing to do.
	Rania was waiting for me in the living room, holding a box.  She set it on the coffee table when she saw me.  “Goodness, he is adorable.  You’re sure he’s an evil witch?”  It was obvious she was trying to make light of the situation.
	I didn’t say anything as I set him in the box.  “I think we should take my parent’s car.  I don’t really feel like walking all that way.”
	Rania agreed.
	I grabbed the keys off the kitchen counter and we headed out to the garage.  Rania carried the box.
	“You had better hold the box while I drive.  I don’t want him to get out.”
	She glared at me, but agreed, knowing I was right.  She handed the box to me, opened the car door, and climbed in.  I handed the box back to her and shut the door.  I then got in the car myself, and started it up.  It was only a five minute drive to the shelter.  I found a parking spot and we headed in.
	Branna was sitting at the front desk, as always.  She looked up at Rania and me.  She was quite startled when she saw us.  “What on earth are you doing here?” she asked.  “Shouldn’t you be in school still?”
	I tried very hard to swallow the lump in my throat and nodded.  “Yes, I know we should be…but something has happened.”  I stopped there.  I couldn’t tell Branna the truth, at least not all of it.  She would never understand.  Besides, I didn’t really know her all that well.
	She looked very concerned.  “What’s happened Crimson?  You can tell me,” she coaxed.
	Tears now streaming down my face, I said, “My parents are gone.”
	“What do you mean gone?”  She obviously didn’t understand what I was saying.
	“I don’t know.  I woke up early this morning and they were gone.  No sign of them at all.   The car was still in the garage.  They just…disappeared.”  I stopped myself there, before anything else came pouring out.   “That’s not why we’re here though.  I elbowed Rania.  She thrust the box forward.  
	Branna peered in, “Oh my, what a cute little guy.  Where did you find him?”
	“He followed me home last night.”
	Branna nodded.  The look on her face said that she understood far better than she should have, but the look was fleeting.  She got real serious then.  “I cannot take him in,” she said calmly.	
	“What do you mean you can’t take him?” Rania spat at her.  “You’re an animal shelter, that’s what you do.”  She was furious enough for the both of us.
	Branna looked completely un-phased by Rania’s outburst.  “I just don’t have the room for another animal right now.  I’m sorry.  You’re going to have to keep Cinder.”
	How could she have known that?  I hadn’t told her that I named him Cinder.  I tried not to let it show that it freaked me out.  “Come on Rania, let’s go…now!”
	“But, but, what are we going to do with him?”
	“We’ll figure something else out.  Please, let’s just go.”
	“Oh, fine.  I don’t want to hang around here anyway,” she said, giving Branna one of her looks.
	I practically drug her out the door.
	“Alright, what’s going on?” she asked once we were outside and standing by the car.
	“She…she knew what I named the kitten!  I never said what I was calling him.”
	Rania looked at me for a moment, puzzled.  “I don’t even think you told me that,” she concluded.  “So how could she have known that?”
	“I don’t know, but I don’t like it.  I don’t like what’s going on.  What are we going to do now?  I can’t keep this cat.  I just can’t.”  I knew I was going to start crying again.
	Rania set the box on the hood of the car and wrapped her arms around me.  “We’ll figure something out, I promise.  For now, I think you should stay with me.  I don’t want you to be alone, and my parents won’t mind.”
	I smiled.  “Thanks Rania, you’re a good friend.” 
	We headed back to my house, so I could gather up some things.   I was so glad I had Rania for help.  Without her, I’d be so lost.  I wandered around my room in a fog, trying to figure out what I needed to bring with me.  I tried to hurry, because I knew she’d be impatient.  She always was.  At least I could count on that.
	She glared at me from the doorway.  “Are you ready yet? “
	I shot her a glare back.  “I’m working on it!”  I threw some clothes and beauty products into my duffle bag.  “Umm, Rania, what are we going to do with Cinder?”
	“You’re not bringing him with us, if that’s what you’re getting at.  I will not have that fluffy ball of evilness in my house.  Besides, my parents would flip out.  I don’t care what you do with him, but you can’t bring him with.”  
	I knew she wouldn’t budge on the subject.  Not that I wanted to bring him with.  All I wanted was to be rid of him once and for all.  But what was I going to do with him, since Branna wouldn’t accept him at the animal shelter.  I let out a sigh.  “I know this is going to sound horrible, but can we just leave him somewhere?  Like at the park or something?  Maybe someone will find him and take him in?”  I felt so guilty once I had said the words, but what choice did I have?  After everything that had happened, I couldn’t, I wouldn’t keep him.
	“Yeah, sure, we can do that,” Rania commented, not really paying attention.
	I sighed again as I zipped my bag shut.  “Alright, I think I’ve got everything.  Let’s go get this over with.”  I wasn’t looking forward to what we were about to do.
	As we drove to the park, Cinder started to get extremely restless.  It was almost as if he knew what we were going to do with him.  I tried to force the thoughts out of my mind.   I knew if it was true and he really was a witch, then he did know what we were going to do with him.  That worried me…a lot.
	It was starting to get dark by the time we reached the park.  And it was getting cold.  That I actually felt bad about.  No!  He’s a witch, it doesn’t matter.
	“Just dump him out of the box and let’s leave already.  It’s dark, I’m freezing, and I’m getting hungry.”  Clearly Rania was getting impatient yet again.  
	I set the box down and tipped it on its side, ushering the kitten out of it and onto the ground.  He didn’t want to go.  His claws dug into the side of the box.  I gave him a push and he started hissing at me.  I should have known this wasn’t going to be easy, but it had to be done.
	Rania looked at me, and laughed.  “What, you can’t take on a 4 pound kitten?  That’s so sad Crimson.  Just leave the box and let’s go.  I don’t have time for this.”
	I let go of the box.  “Fine, let’s go then.”  I stood up and brushed the dirt off my pants, then followed her to the car.  I looked back as I climbed in.  Cinder was still sitting inside the tipped over box, staring at us.   I shook my head, and muttered “I’m sorry,” under my breath, got in and started the car.
	“You did the right thing,” Rania told me.  “You don’t need to think about it anymore.  It’s over now.  We’ll get you settled in at my house, and then we’ll figure out what to do about your parents.  They couldn’t have just disappeared.  Someone must know something; someone must have seen or heard something.”
	I hoped she was right.  “Do we have to tell your parents?” I asked as we were nearing her house.  I bit my lip nervously, awaiting her response.
	She frowned.  “To be honest, I think we should.  They’ve got connections.  They would be able to help, but if you really don’t want them to know, I won’t say anything.  It’s up to you Crimson.”
	I wasn’t sure what the right thing to do was anymore.  I wanted things to go back to normal, if that was even possible.  “I think I want to sleep on it.”
	Rania nodded.  “Of course, take your time.  We’ll do things your way.”  It was nice that Rania was actually listening to me for once.  Who knew that all it would take was my world completely falling apart.
	Rania’s mom was standing in the doorway when we reached the house.  “Hi girls! Oh, is Crimson spending the night?” she asked, gesturing to the bag I was clutching.
	“Yeah, if that’s alright with you and dad,” Rania said, smiling.  No one could turn her down when she did that, not even her own parents.
	“Of course, honey.  That’s perfectly fine.  Dinner is about ready, why don’t you get Crimson settled in first.”
	The conversation at dinner was pleasant.  Though, I really wasn’t paying that much attention.  After we ate, Rania and I rushed up to her bedroom.  I was thankful that I didn’t have to stay down there and make small talk with her parents any longer.  It was just too much to handle.  Especially since I still wasn’t sure if I wanted to tell them what was going on.
	That night, my dreams were less than enjoyable.   They were nightmares.  One by one, everyone I knew disappeared, even Rania.  When I woke up, tears were streaming down my face.  
	Rania was sitting up on the bed, looking at me.  “What on earth?” she grumbled, clearly not amused that I had woke her up.
	“I’m sorry,” I mumbled through my tears.  “It was just a nightmare.  I don’t want to talk about it.  Let’s just go back to sleep.”
	“You don’t have to tell me twice.  Goodnight Crimson.”
	“Goodnight Rania.”   This time when I fell asleep, I wasn’t plagued my nightmares.  I was thankful for that.  I woke up to the alarm clock blaring in my ear.  It took me a while to realize where I was.  Then everything that had happened came rushing back to me.  I was silent as I got myself ready for school.
	“If you hurry up, I’ll drive you to school,” called Rania’s dad from the bottom of the stairs.
	We couldn’t say no to that.  School seemed to drag on and on.  I was there, but my mind wasn’t.  I still didn’t know what I was going to do.  If I should tell Rania’s parents the truth, if we should go to the police.  I knew I had to do something though.  Things weren’t going to get better on their own.
	It was lunch time, and Rania and I sat at our usual table, both silent though.  I don’t think she knew what to say to me.  I didn’t blame her for that.  We were almost done eating when the principal approached us.  It made me feel extremely uneasy.  What on earth could he possibly want?  I was hoping he would walk right past us, but no such luck.  He stopped directly in front of us.
	“Rania, gather your things together.  Your mother called.  You need to go home right away,” he said calmly.
	We both stared at each other, but said nothing.    I knew something had happened.  I could feel it the moment the principal stepped into the lunch room.  I kicked Rania under the table, urging her to say something, anything.
	“Umm, Mr. Russell, Crimson has been staying with us while her parents are away.  Is it alright if she comes with me?” she finally asked.
	“Oh, well, umm, considering the circumstances, it’s best if she does.”  With that, he turned and walked away.
	We were both still completely stunned.  It was me who finally stood up, in an effort to get Rania to do the same.  She looked at me standing there, shook her head, and followed suit.  We dumped our trays and headed to our lockers to get our things.  
	It ended up being a long, awkward walk back to Rania’s house.  Her mom was standing on the porch when we got there.  I’m sure she was waiting for us to get there.  She held open the door for us and then followed us inside.  Once the door was closed, Rania looked at her mom, “What’s going on?  Why did you pull us out of school?”
	She looked at us, trying to fight back tears.  “I don’t know how to say this, so I’m just going to say it.  Rania, your father was in a car accident this morning, on his way to work.”
	No, this isn’t happening.  It can’t be happening.  We got rid of the witch.  My mind was racing.
	“Is…is he alright?” Rania asked.  I’m not sure if she wanted to truly know the answer.  I know I sure didn’t.
	“He’s in critical condition.  They don’t know if he’s going to make it.  I’d be at the hospital already, but I wanted to wait for you.  We need to get there right away,” she said, still trying to fight back tears.  She then turned to me, “Crimson, dear, I don’t expect you to come with us.  But if you want to, you’re more than welcome to.  Wyatt always thought of you as one of his own daughters,” she continued, with a slight smile.
	“Of course I’ll go,” I stated.  There was nowhere else for me to go.  I didn’t want to be alone.
	As we walked out of the house and to the car, I could have sworn I saw Cinder sitting in the hedges, staring at us.  I blinked and he was gone.  I must just be seeing things.  There was no way he could have found his way here.  I climbed in the car and didn’t think about it again.
	When we got to the hospital, they wouldn’t allow me back in the ICU, but Stella and Rania insisted that I was family, even if I wasn’t related.  Eventually, they got sick of arguing with them and said I could go back to see Wyatt.  He looked terrible.  Most of his bones were broken; he was on life-support.   More than likely he would have brain damage, that is, if he ever woke up.  It was extremely hard to handle.
	Hell, it would have been hard to handle on its own, but on top of the fact that my parents were gone too, I just, I didn’t know how to cope.  I started crying.  Someone put their arms around me.  When I finally looked up, it was Stella who was hugging me.  That surprised me.  It was comforting though.  I tried to mutter an apology, but it was no use.
	It was late when Rania and I finally left.  Stella stayed at the hospital.  She said she wasn’t leaving until Wyatt was awake.  She left it up to us whether or not we wanted to go to school in the morning.  If we didn’t go, we could come back to the hospital.  I knew what I would have done, but left the decision to Rania.
	We stopped at McDonalds on the way home and got something to eat.  Luckily the drive-thru was always open.  The food was a welcome thing.  We couldn’t even wait until we got back to Rania’s house to eat it.  I devoured mine within seconds and then helped Rania with her food.  We were about a block away from the house.  Rania was eating and not really paying attention to the road.  I couldn’t say that I was either, but when I glanced up, I saw a small lump in the middle of our lane.
	“Rania, slow down, there’s something in the road!” I screamed at her.
	“What the hell!?” she shouted as she slammed on the brakes, stopping just in the nick of time.  I was so afraid she was going to hit whatever it was.  It wasn’t very big, but it was just sitting there in the road.  “Go out and see what it is,” she demanded.  “I’m not going out there.”
	“Just back up and go around it,” I countered, not wanting to find out what it was either.  But curiosity got the best of me, or so I thought.   I groaned and got out of the car, stepping in front of it.  The headlights were glowing around me and it.
	I couldn’t believe my eyes.  This isn’t happening.  I rubbed my eyes and blinked rapidly, but he was still there.  I slowly started backing up.  Once I hit the car, I used my hands to guide me around the side to my door.  I thrust it open with all my strength, trying not to fumble.  I jumped in and pulled the door shut behind me.
	“What was all of that?” Rania demanded.  “What’s out there?”
	I started shaking.  “It’s…it’s…its Cinder.”  That was all I could manage to get out.
	Rania stared at me, mouth open.  “You’ve got to be kidding me,” she scoffed.  “Are you insane!?  There’s no way that cat is out there.”  I’m sure she rolled her eyes.
	“Go look for yourself if you don’t believe me,” I trembled, not really wanting her to go outside.  I hoped she wouldn’t listen.  She did.
	“Fine, I’m going to look for myself, just to prove to you that he isn’t out there.”  She opened the car door and hopped out.  When she stepped into the headlights, Cinder lunged at her.  Rania screamed in agony, as he dug his claws into her skin.  “Get him off me, get him off me now!” she yelled.
	I wanted to help, I really did.  But my body was immobile.  Cinder had taken control of me.  I panicked.   What was I going to do?  I couldn’t sit there and let Cinder tear Rania apart, but I couldn’t move.  I had to do something.  Focus, Crimson, focus.  You can do this.  You can beat him.  You are stronger than him.  I closed my eyes and channeled all of my energy.  I hoped if I put enough energy into it, that I could shatter the hold Cinder had over me.  I didn’t know where the idea came from, but I just felt it was the right thing to do.
	I could feel energy radiating over me.  Then something snapped.  I opened my eyes and reached out my hand.  I could move again!  I leapt from the car and out into the darkness.  Rania was still struggling to get Cinder off her.  There was blood everywhere.  It made me queasy, but I did my best not to let it get to me as I pulled the cat off her.  Rania collapsed to the ground instantly.  
	I stood there, holding Cinder by the scruff of his neck, not knowing what to do with him.  Before I could even think, my arms hurled him across the street and into one of the lawns and immediately turned my attention to Rania.  “Are you alright?” I asked bending down to help her up.  “Can you walk?  Do you need a doctor?”
	She took my hand and pulled herself off the ground.  “I’m fine.  That cat tore me up pretty good though.  My poor skin, think of all the scars I’m going to have now.”  Of course that’s what she would care about.  “Let’s just go home.  Can you drive?”
	I nodded, then helped Rania into the passenger seat.  I was shocked she didn’t whine about getting blood all over the car, but was thankful that she wasn’t being her usual overly obnoxious self.  Walking around the car, I slid into the driver’s seat.  I was glad it wasn’t too far of a drive back to Rania’s house.
	Once we were there, I helped Rania clean up her cuts and scratches as best as I could, then we went to bed.  As I fell asleep that night, I wondered what had become of Cinder.  I knew in my heart that this wasn’t the last we’d see of him.
	“I had a terrible time sleeping last night,” Rania complained, waking me up.
	I sighed, but I understood.  Everything had fallen apart.  “I’m sorry.  Does it hurt?”
	“Of course it hurts, like you wouldn’t believe!  Tell me the truth, how bad do I look?”
	I looked her over, it wasn’t good.  I looked away.  I couldn’t meet her gaze.
	“That bad, huh?  You know we have to tell my mom now, right?”
	I knew she wasn’t going to back down.  I nodded, still not looking at her.  “I know.  I just hope she’ll be able to handle it, considering what happened with your dad.”
	“We have no choice now.  She’s going to flip out when she sees me.  It’s not like I can hide this from her.  My body is covered in scabs.”  She was right.  We had no other choice.
	“Everything?” I asked. “Do we have to tell her everything?”  I bit my lip.  I already knew the answer.
	“Yes, everything.  It’s time we get it all out in the open.  We need help Crimson.  We obviously can’t handle this on our own anymore.”  She was staring at me.  “Okay?”
	“Yes, okay.  We’ll tell her everything.  Maybe she’ll know what to do.  I want to take a quick shower before we head back to the hospital.  I’ll be ready in a few.”
	I took my time in the shower to gather my thoughts.  How were we going to explain everything to Stella?  Would she even believe us?  She’d think we were mad.  But then there were Rania’s injuries.  They would be hard to dismiss.  This had to be done.  It had to.  There was no other way.
	“Oh my god…what happened to you honey?” Stella stammered when we met her at the hospital.  She looked so worried, even more so than before.   
	Rania and I looked at each other, but neither of us could bring ourselves to say a word.  I knew that it wasn’t going to be left at that though.  There was no way we were going to be able to stay silent about last night, about the last few days.  
	“Rania, honey, I only ask because I’m concerned, especially after what happened with your father.  Please, don’t shut me out.  Tell me what’s happened.”
	It was me who started talking first.  “It’s kind of a long story, Stella.   And most of it is my fault.  Don’t get mad at Rania for any of this.  If it weren’t for me, she wouldn’t have gotten hurt.”  I could feel tears welling up in my eyes again.
	“No Crimson, I could never blame you, no matter what.  You’re family, never forget that.”
	I tried to smile.  “Thank you, but you may change your mind after you hear everything.”  I let the words come pouring out, every last detail, even the completely insane ones.  Stella didn’t say a word through the entire thing.  I’m sure she didn’t know what to say.  I couldn’t blame her for that.  Who in their right mind would believe half of what I was saying.
	After a few minutes of silence, she responded, and not in the way that I would have thought.  “Why didn’t you tell me about this right away?  I could have helped.  It all makes sense now.”
	Rania and I stared at her wide-eyed.  Neither of us knew quite how to respond to that.  She understood…how could she understand?
	“What do you mean you could have helped?” Rania and I exclaimed, almost at the exact same time.
	 She nodded.  “Wyatt was like your mother, Crimson.  I don’t know everything there is to know about it, but Wyatt has a lot of research and information on it in his study.”
	I was perplexed.  I wondered if my mom had any information we could use at home.  I knew what we needed to do though.  “Would it be alright if I looked through Wyatt’s notes?”  I needed to arm myself, so I could fight back against Cinder.
	“Absolutely, I know that he would want you to.  He would have helped, if you had told us from the beginning.  Though, I understand why you didn’t want to tell anyone.  How were you to know that Wyatt was like you?  I think that’s why he considered you one of his children.  You had an unspoken connection.”  She then changed her tone slightly.  “You had better go and find a way to fix things.  Wyatt won’t wake up until you’ve defeated Cinder.”
	Oh, great.  The fate of my world, and my best friend’s world depended on me.  Could I handle this?  Could I actually defeat Cinder and put the world right again?  I didn’t have any other choice, now did I? 
	Rania accompanied me to my house, so we could look for any information my mom might have on the witches.  I was hoping that she would have something we could use.  I didn’t even know where to begin looking.  I didn’t know where she would keep things like that.  It wouldn’t be in plain sight, that’s for sure.  
	We decided to split up.  It would be easier to search the entire house if we did it that way.  There was a lot of ground to cover.  Rania took the downstairs, and I the upstairs.  I started with my parents’ bedroom.  It seemed like the logical place to look; under the bed, through every single dresser drawer, and lastly, the closet.  It was there that I found what I thought was what we needed, a small, antique trunk.  It was locked.  Crap!  Where could the key be?
	I didn’t even have time to process that thought fully.  There was a knock on the door.  Now who could that be?   “Hey Rania, could you get the door please,” I called down the stairs.  I quickly shoved the box back where I had found it and then headed downstairs to see who was at the door.
	“Are you Miss Ellis, Crimson Ellis?” the police officer asked when I appeared.
	I nodded. “Yes, I am.”  This can’t be a good thing. 
	“I have something I need to speak with you about, privately.  Is there somewhere we can speak?”
	Yeah, this really can’t be good.  I tried to stay calm.  “Yes, of course, right this way.”  I lead him into the kitchen.  “Do you want something to drink?” I asked, trying to cut the tension.
	“No, but thank you,” he said as he took a seat at the kitchen table.  He took no time getting straight to the point.  “When was the last time you saw or spoke to your parents?”
	“Sunday evening, it was dinner time,” I whispered, it was almost inaudible.  
	He nodded, and wrote it down.  “Can you tell me what happened that night?”
	I was about to tell him the truth, but stopped myself.  I couldn’t tell him the truth.  It would sound crazy; it would sound like I did something stupid.  The last thing that had happened was me screaming at them and storming out of the room.  Instead, I said, “Why, what’s happened?”  I had to know before I said anything else.
	“Please, just answer the question Miss Ellis,” it may be important.  “What happened that night?”
	I was on the verge of tears yet again.  “I got into a fight with them, over something silly.  I brought a cat home, a stray cat that I had found.  They were furious about it.  I stormed out of the kitchen and locked myself in my room.  I fell asleep, and when I woke up, they were gone.  That’s all I know, honestly.”  That was as much of the truth as he was going to believe.  None of it was a lie.
	“You don’t know what happened after you locked yourself in your room?”
	“No, I have no idea.  Like I said, I fell asleep.  When I woke up, no one was here.”
	“You heard nothing?”
	I nodded.  What was he getting at?  What wasn’t he telling me?  “What is this about?” I demanded.  “Please tell me what’s going on?”
	After he had finished scribbling in his notebook again, he looked up at me, concern in his eyes.  “I’m going to need you to come down to the station and make a formal identification.”
	“No…no!  You’re lying.  They can’t be…they can’t be dead.”  I was sobbing.
	Rania, who had been hiding just outside the doorway the entire time, entered quickly coming to my side.  “I’ll come with you.  We’ll call my mom; she can meet us down at the station.”
	I couldn’t speak.  I just nodded through my tears.  Rania helped me up and out to the police car.  Once I was in the car, she pulled her cell phone out of her purse and dialed her mom’s number.  Stella picked up right away.  Rania quickly explained what had happened.   After she hung up, she climbed into the car next to me.  
	“She said she’s on her way, and that we aren’t to do anything until she gets there.”  I nodded again.  Words failed me.
	Stella arrived at the station shortly after we did.  She immediately hugged me.   “I’m so sorry Crimson.  You’ll stay with us indefinitely.   We’ll get through this together.”  It was nice for the reassurance.  It was nice knowing that I’d have somewhere to stay, somewhere to go.”
	The officer interrupted us, “Are you ready?  You can bring them with you, if you want” motioning to Stella and Rania.  I was thankful for that.  I wasn’t sure I could handle it on my own.
	The officer led us back, so I could make a formal identification.  The coroner pulled back the sheets on the first table.  It was my mom.  Once she was covered again, the same was done for the second table.  It was my dad.  Once he was covered again, I nodded, fighting back my tears.  “That’s them.  Umm, is there a bathroom?  I think I’m going to be sick.”
	The officer led me to the bathroom.  “Do you need anything?  Some water maybe?”
	I nodded again, choking back tears.  “Yes, that would be nice.  I’ll just be a minute.”  I pushed the bathroom door open, stepped inside and completely lost it.  I cried and cried, until I threw up.  That made me feel slightly better, but only physically.  Emotionally, I was a wreck.  My parents were dead, Wyatt was in the hospital, and Rania was hurt, all because of me.  I was even more determined to end this all.  I had to.  I had to avenge my parents’ deaths.  I owed them that much.
	I composed myself as best I could, splashed some water on my face, took a couple deep breaths, and headed back out into the hallway.  The officer was there with a glass of water.  He handed it to me and I took a small sip.  Stella and Rania were close behind him.
	“Are you ready to go home?” Stella asked.  “She isn’t needed for anything else, is she?” her eyes now focused on the officer.
	“Oh, no, she’s free to go.  We’ll call if we need anything else.”  Then turning his attention back to me, “My apologies for your loss.”  He turned and walked away.
	“Let’s get out of here,” Rania insisted.  “This place gives me the creeps.”
	Once we were out in the parking lot, I insisted that I needed to go back to my house.  “I think I found mom’s books on fighting the witch.  It was in an antique trunk in the back of her closet.  It’s locked though.  I need to find the key.  It’s important.  Please, Stella, can you drop me off at the house.  I’ll leave as soon as I find the key.”
	She dropped Rania and me off at the house.  Rania insisted that I shouldn’t be left alone.  I would have been fine, but there was no arguing with her, and Stella agreed, so Rania stayed with me.
	Once we were inside the house, Rania demanded I show her the trunk.  “It will be easier to find the key if we know what it looks like.  You know, from the lock on the trunk.”  She had a point.
	Once we were upstairs, I pulled the trunk out of the closet again and set it on the bed.  Rania glanced at it casually and said, “From the looks of it, it’s a small skeleton key.”  How she knew that, I would never comprehend.  “Actually, now that I think of it, I’m pretty sure I saw one when I was rooting through the drawers in the kitchen, in the junk drawer.”
	“Well, go get it then!”  I was hoping it was what we needed.  I didn’t think I could stay in this house, especially this room for much longer.
	Rania hurried from the room, not at all happy about having to be the one to go get the key.  But I insisted it had to be her, since she knew what she was looking for.  A few minutes later she waltzed back into the room, holding up a key, happy with herself.  She tossed the key at me, “Well, let’s try it and see.”
	The key bounced on the bed next to me.  I picked it up and placed it in the lock.  It fit perfectly.  I turned it and the lock clicked open.  Inside the box were several extremely old journals.  They had to be what I needed.  I flipped one open.  The pages were yellowing, and there was flowing, cursive on all the pages.  It was hard to read, but with some effort, I could make out what it was saying.  It was an account of what happened with the witches back in the 1600’s.  “This is it,” I exclaimed.  “This is what we need to fight back.  With my mom’s journals and your dad’s, I think we can do this!”
	“Great, let’s get out of here then,” Rania demanded.  “It’s awkward being in here, after seeing your parents at the police station.”  I couldn’t agree more with that statement.
	I told Rania if she wanted to go back to the hospital to spend time with her dad that she could.  I would manage the research by myself.  I knew full well that Rania would be no help at all.  She hated reading, she hated studying.  I was better off doing this myself.  She agreed, but promised she’d be back later on to help me.  I knew she wouldn’t, but didn’t argue with her.
	Over the next several hours I poured through my mom’s and Wyatt’s journals, hoping for something, anything that would tell me how to stop Cinder.  There had to be a way to stop all of this.  I ended up falling asleep at Wyatt’s desk.  When I woke up, it was well past midnight.  That’s odd, why hadn’t Stella or Rania woken me. 
	I got up and stretched, then wandered out to the living room.  No one was there.  They probably already went to bed.  I climbed the stairs to Rania’s bedroom.  She wasn’t in there.  That’s extremely odd.  She should have been home by now.  I tried to write it off as nothing.   Maybe she decided to spend the night there.  Yes, that has to be it.  But in the pit of my stomach I knew something was wrong, very wrong.
	There was nothing I could do at this late hour.  I’d call Rania in the morning.  It wasn’t enough to keep the nightmares away though.  I woke up around 6 a.m. and couldn’t fall back asleep.  I got out of bed and dressed, made myself some breakfast, and waited.  It was still too early to call Rania.  But I couldn’t just sit here idle.  
	I grabbed my car keys and headed out the door.  I was going to find out what was going on.  I drove to the hospital.  At least I tried to.  I couldn’t get anywhere near it.  All the roads were blocked.  I could see smoke wafting from the direction of the hospital.  No!  No, no, no!  
	I parked the car and walked towards the barricade.  A police officer tried to stop me.  “My friend, she was in there,” I screamed at him.  “What’s happened, tell me what’s happened!”
	“You can’t go in there, there was an explosion.  I can’t tell you anything else.  I’m sorry.  You’ll have to leave now.”
	“But my friend…” 
	“I’m sorry young lady, but you have to leave,” the officer insisted.
	I wasn’t going to get any information this way.  What was I going to do now?  Cinder had taken everything away from me.  I had nothing left.  I went back to my car, sat there and cried.  Once I couldn’t cry any more, I headed back to Rania’s house.  There was only one thing left to do.
	Cinder was sitting on the steps to the house when I got there.   It made things so much easier for me.  He looked up at me as I approached, almost as if he was happy to see me.  I picked him up, holding him close.  “It’s okay Cinder.  I won’t hurt you,” I murmured to him, petting him gently.
	Still holding him, I walked into the house.  I put him in Rania’s room and got him a bowl of milk.  Once he was distracted by the milk, I went back downstairs and found a bottle of lighter fluid in the garage and a box of matches.  I knew what I had to do.
	I dowsed the entire ground floor in lighter fluid, and then standing at the bottom of the stairs, I struck a match and dropped it.  Walking up the stairs, I watched the flames consume everything around me.
	Slowly, I walked back to Rania’s room, closed the door and waited.  Waited for it to all end.


Puss and the Bone of Riches
By S. Cu’Anam Policar
©by S. Cu’Anam Policar
	“Hey Puss!” The voice is almost childlike with a pseudo mobster twang as my name passes through his lips.
	My orange ears pique as I turn the upper half of my body to look at the owner of the voice, who I know from experience, is none other than Valdez, my boss.
	I’m definitely unique in this town of hounds. Standing five foot even, I’m not what one would call tall. I keep myself in tip top shape, I have to in my line of work. It shows too as my sleek orange furred form twists almost completely around. I lift a white furred paw and brush the orange fur on my face as my amber depths fall on Valdez.
	“What?” I practically hiss to the large Doberman who’s dressed in a charcoal colored pinstriped suit.
	Valdez adjusts his wide brimmed hat, which matches his suit, and brings it lower on his head almost covering his left eye. The butt of a cigar teeters dangerously as his sharp featured muzzle opens. “I have a job for you Puss.”
	My amber depths roll dramatically as I command my legs to twist and realign with my upper body. “Look Snoopy I told you I’m out of the business. I have better things to do than play fetch for a bunch of flea ridden mongrels... Present company included.”
	Valdez growls low in his throat as he first plucks the cigar butt from his maw then flicks it in my direction. Both of our gazes watch the arch of the butt’s ascent before it begins its descent to land a few inches from my black boots. I lift a black leather clad leg and stomp on the butt as I smirk to my former boss.
	“You walk a fine line feline. If it wasn’t for me you’d have been mauled the day your sorry excuse for fur arrived here. This place ain’t called Dog Walk City for nothing you know.” Valdez reminds me as he seems to every time I try to deny him a job.
	I drum the claws of my right hand on my left arm, my tail swishing in agitation. “It won’t work this time. I told you last time Valdez, I’m done. I have enough respect earned in this town to stay or go, either way I won’t be your lap dog anymore. Get that new recruit of yours, what’s his name? Fido? To do it for you.”
	Valdez actually chuckles at this comment. “His name is Filipe. And he can’t do it; you know how nervous Chihuahuas are. He’d crap himself before he got near the mark.”
	“I don’t care Valdez. I’m done.” I spit as I turn back around and begin to walk away. My hips sashay causing the holstered belt on my waist to jingle. I never leave home without my pieces. I’d be dog food out here if I did. Respect or not, without my guns, I’m nothing but a snack to the mutts in this city.
	“Don’t be so hasty to leave Puss. I don’t think you’d want this little one to grow up like you did.” Valdez says with a laugh.
	That stops me dead in my tracks. I turn around quickly. My paws itching to grab the guns from their holsters as I see Valdez dangle a very small kitten in the air. He swings it around for emphasis and I cringe hoping he doesn’t drop it.
	A sigh leaves me causing my whiskers to twitch. “What do you want done?”
	“I knew you’d see things my way Puss... That’s why you’ve lasted this long out here. You’re smart.” Valdez praises.
	“Just get on with it Valdez. The faster I get it done, the faster I can leave.” I remind him.
	“The museum the next town over has a new exhibit. It’s some rare bone that’s supposed to grant whoever possesses it riches beyond imagination.” Valdez explains.
	“Why would I help you get a bone? Get one of your lackeys to do it.” I counter.
	Valdez shakes his head. “None of them are agile enough. None of them can maneuver with the grace of one of your particular race.”
	“If I refuse?” I question arching a brow.
	“If you refuse, or fail in your mission, then the fur ball here gets a one way trip through the back door of the pound… If you get my drift.” Valdez states.
	Paws to my hips, my midriff clad chest heaves as I exhale. I cock my head to the right. “Why would you think I care what happens to some kid that wandered where it shouldn’t have?”
	“I’m not stupid Puss. Beneath all that hard tough girl exterior, you’re still the gentle kitten I swiped all those years ago.” Valdez says as if he could possibly know anything that goes on in my head.
	However, this time, he’s pretty much on the mark… Damn…
	“Fine. I’ll get your stupid bone and then I’m done.” I announce as I walk off toward my small house to plan how I’ll do this.

	It takes me three days to figure out exactly how I want to do this. Valdez sends Filipe to me two days prior with a blueprint for the museum, he wasn’t kidding. Filipe stands half my height and was shaking so hard, I think for sure he is having a seizure and is going to just fall out dead on my carpet. His large brown eyes are watery, and his massive ears keep flattening to his head every time he speaks.
	“Meester Valdez say you need print of de place. I bring for joo.” Filipe says in what can only be defined as Spanglish.
	I arch a brow and nod. Filipe produces a large rolled up blueprint and hands it to me with a nervous hand.
	I unroll it and spend the rest of the day pouring over it looking for the best way in and out. This is definitely going to be a tough one.

	Now that it’s the day of the heist, I’m definitely having some reservations about doing this. I mean what the hell? Why should I care about a fur ball Valdez got from god only knows where? But I do care. And one of these days caring is going to be the end of me.
	With a sigh, I clad myself in black, from the rubber soled slippers, which keep my steps silent yet still maintain traction, to my one piece leather “uniform” that hugs my body like a second skin, it even has a space for my tail that still allows it to swish around normally. The last thing I put on it the mask that covers my eyes and nose. The only orange pieces left are my ears and some of my face. My paws I clad in rubber grip gloves, these are not your everyday gloves. I flex my toes unsheathing my claws, then open and flex the ole paws a couple of times getting used to the feel. Slipping my holstered belt on, I’m ready to go. Almost. 
	As I’m leaving I remember I’ll need to cut glass. Rushing back into my house, I open the top drawer of my nightstand and trip the lock on the hidden compartment. The top of the drawer drops down revealing several different types of claw extensions. I grab a diamond tipped one and slip it into my belt with the other everyday use claw extensions I carry. Now I’m ready to go.



	I hear the train whistle while I’m still two blocks from the train yard meaning it’s eight at night. This is the last train for the night. I know if I miss this train I’ll be stuck and the mission will be an epic fail. I see the smoke start to flow in small billows from the train’s engine as it pulls out of its bay. Muttering a string of curses, I scramble up the building I’m standing by which happens to be Valdez’s deli which is nothing more than a front for the weapons trading he does in the stock rooms. 
	From the roof, I can see the train beginning to pick up speed. Damnit! I think as I start racing across the roof, leaping from roof to roof as fast as I can. I cut across the fifth roof in the opposite direction of the train knowing it has to loop to head to the next stop. This roof has nothing but open expanse in front of it. Just as I reach the roof’s ledge, the train starts to flash past. I mutter a silent prayer to whatever god will listen, though I’m sure I was forsaken long ago, and leap. I land on the last car, barely. My claws scratching and scraping for purchase on the metal domed roof. After a moment of panic where I am certain I am about to plummet to the tracks and break every bone in my body, I finally get a grip on the tin can and hoist myself up.
	I keep myself flat to the top of the car, my front claws all dug into the metal as the scenery flies past me. It’s going to be a long few hours.
	It’s around eleven at night when I see a sign fly by with the words “Kitten Caboodle: Populations 43,000” scrawled on it. I groan. It figures Valdez would send me to the place he took me from for my last job.

The city is virtually deserted. I assume this has a lot to do with Valdez and his gang of mutts catnapping the population. There’s still the odd cat out here and there. I hear a group of young boys in the alley across from me. The area reeks of catnip, I can bet it’s coming from them. The further into the city I go, the brighter it becomes. The lights are almost blinding after being in the dark for all these hours. I know I can’t afford to be spotted, especially not in what I’m wearing, so I backpedal until the lights are once again dim. Finding myself in front of a club called The Litter Box, I slip into the ally between it and the building beside it. The ally is nice and concealed in shadows so dark I can’t even see the whiskers attached to my face. I grin to myself as I pop open the pouch on my belt that holds my claw extensions and pull out a metal claw that has three hooks on the very tip. I slip the claw onto my front left pointer toe and then point to the roof of the Litter Box. I still want to know who thinks that name is appealing… I mean really?!
Anyway, so I point to the roof of the Litter Box, and nothing happens! I arch a brow and look at the claw and sigh before tapping it a few times against the brick of the building.
“Let’s try this again shall we?” I sigh as I once again point the grappler claw clad finger at the club’s roof. 
This time it works and the tri-hook shoots silently out of the claw tip. I hear it latch to the roof’s ledge almost silently. Wrapping my other front paw’s toes around the grappling line, I give a sharp tug on the line and am instantly whisked up to the tri-hook.
Don’t look down. Don’t look down. I chant in my head as I launch myself over the ledge and onto the roof. I’m terrified of heights, it’s a wonder how I even manage not to plummet to my death on a daily basis... Damn Valdez! I hope he gets mange for making me do this crap!
The roof is nothing special. One of those hasty tar overlay jobs that makes everything smell like melted rubber on a hot day. I scrunch of nose causing my whiskers to twitch. It had been a hot day after all.
Forcing myself to ignore the stench tickling my smell preceptors I drop the grappling claw back in the pouch and make sure the clasp is closed, then I begin my race across the rooftops of Kitten Caboodle. I know I only have an estimated four hours to get in and get out with the bone. And with how this city is designed it will take me almost an hour to get to the museum. 

I finally spy the museum about across the four lane blacktop from the roof I’m perched on. “Are you kidding me?!” I almost scream in frustration. There’s not a chance in the pound I can jump across this distance without becoming one with the tarmac.
I pace along the ledge of the roof for what seems like at least two of my nine lives, paws on my hips, contemplating how to get over there without being seen.
I look both ways from my perch and smirk. There’s a medical delivery truck displaying “Nine Lives Medical: Where all your lives count” on the side stopped at a red light to my left. To my right a food delivery truck promising that “Fluffy’s has the best gourmet wet food within 3 towns” stopped at that light.
My head snaps back and forth between the two lights. I have to time this just right or I’ll either be seen or die. Personally if I had to choose I’d rather be seen, but that’s just my opinion.
The lights turn green almost simultaneously and I ready myself to pounce as if the medical truck is the sneakiest mouse I’ve ever seen. When the truck reaches below my position, I pounce, landing hard on the top of the small truck. I have no time to assess the damage as the larger, trailer wielding truck comes up alongside and begins to pass me. Taking a deep breathe, I throw myself at it and slam harshly into the side of the trailer, barely keeping my claws dug into the metal.
Gasps assaulted my ears as I clambered to the top of the trailer as it made its way away from the museum. So much for not being seen… I think with a sigh.
As the truck stops at a red light about a mile from my destination, I slip on the grappling claw again and torpedo myself up to the closest roof on the correct side of the street. 
It only takes me a few minutes to find myself atop the hotel next to the museum. Lucky for me, the hotel is a lot taller than the museum so getting onto the museum will not be a problem. 
Once I have the grappling claw back in place, I watch the tri-hook sail down to latch onto the framing of the multi-faceted windowed dome of the museum’s roof. Popping open a pouch on the right side of my belt I pull a thick scarf out. After securing the pouch, I loop the fabric over the grapple line and wind it around both paws.
I take a calming breath and talk myself up, then step off the hotel’s roof into nothing. I bit my tongue, literally, as I fly dangerously across the space between the hotel and museum, to prevent myself from screaming. I stick my slippered back paws out like landing gear and touch down on the roof on my butt skidding to a complete stop then retract the line.
“That was quite an impressive landing.” A deep baritone voice says.
I look up into the brightest green eyes I have ever seen. Those alluring eyes however apparently belong to a cop. “Crap!”
I have to admit, the cop was kind of cute, in that “I’m going to make sure you never see the light of day again” kind of way. He’s bigger than I am, but more than a couple of inches. His fur is pitch black which makes the blue of his uniform shirt stand out all the more.
I sigh in defeat as he grabs my wrist and hauls me to my feet. “Look I don’t know what you’ve heard about me but...”
“Everyone knows the name Puss in Boots. You’re a legend.” The cop chuckles as he interrupts my rambling.
“I see... Lovely…” I mutter lowering my head.
This makes the cop laugh even more. He almost doubles over as he grabs his stomach while laughing at me.
I growl, my agitation apparent by the harsh movement of my tail. “Just what’s so funny?”
“I’m sorry! I’m sorry… But you have to understand Puss, you’re a legend! I mean mothers tell stories about you to their kittens who refuse to clean their rooms! And to think, here I am meeting you in the fur!” The cop goes on and on.
My whiskers twitch. I am not amused. “Look if you’re here to arrest me then be my guest. If not, then get the hell out of my way I have a job to do.” I say as I push the cop aside and study the aerial view of the museum through the glass.
“Arrest you?! I’m here to help you! Is my disguise that good?” The cop, well fake cop, states.
This new information halts me. A cock a brow and look to him in confusion. “How’d you even know I would come here?”
	He shrugs. “It wasn’t hard to guess. The Bone of Riches is the most valuable thing in the city, probably in the whole country.”
	“I see... What do they call you?” I ask curious to this overly intelligent feline. I mean he has to have a brain since he’s the only one that figured out I would come for the bone. Right?
	“It’s stupid... My name’s Shadow. I don’t know what my mother was thinking when she gave me such a common name.”
	I hold my tongue. Sometimes a normal name is better than a different one. Do you know the name variations there are for Puss?! Some of them would make a trucker blush. Instead, I nod to Shadow. “Nice to meet you Shadow. If you’re here to help, we better get a move on it. I don’t have much time to finish this job.”
	Shadow nods his head and slips off the roof. I pay him almost no notice when he leaves and only slightly wonder if he decided it isn’t in his best interest to help me after all. My suspicion is quickly shot to hell as I see his unmistakable form swagger into the room the bone is on display in.
	So it wasn’t a cop uniform. It was a security one. I think to myself. I have to give the kid credit, he used his head to get inside the building. Oh well. I find it’s much more fun to break in. I am a cat burglar after all.
	I hum softly to myself as I open the claw extension pouch and remove the diamond tipped claw. I slip it on then knock lightly on the glass of the dimly room’s roof. Shadow looks up and I gesture to the alarm panel to his right. The wiring is rigged to the window. He shakes his head no and draws a circle in the air.
	“Well duh! I know I’m cutting a hole in the glass, I however would like the alarm not to go off.” I mouth this to him with my sassiest expression and place my paws on my hips.
	Shadow shakes his head and again draws the circle in the air and nods his head yes. Then he draws a square and places his paws on the imaginary sides and shakes his head no.
	It finally clicks. The alarm won’t go off if I cut the glass, but touching the framing will set it off. I nod to him that I understand and root around in the pouch I had gotten the scarf from and pull out a glove which I slip onto the paw without the diamond claw, over the other glove already on it. This new glove has a huge suction on the pad part.
	I press the suction cup coated paw onto the window pane and then test how well it holds. Once satisfied, I take the diamond tip claw and cut a large circle around the stationary paw. When that’s done, I let myself fall off my haunches onto my back, a circle of glass comes with me. Damn I’m good!
	After slipping the suction glove back in the pouch, I open a pouch closer to my tail and pull out a long length of rope. I tie off one end to the central air exhaust vent and drop the rest through the hole. Shadow is watching me, I look at him stupid and gesture dramatically toward the entrance where he’s supposed to be keeping watch. I’m beginning to think the boy has a crush!
	I coil my form around the rope and slide down letting myself fall the last three feet to land gracefully on my feet. Did you expect anything less?
	Shadow comes up to me “The coast is clear Puss. No worries there’s only me and old Frisky here, and between you and me Frisky hasn’t lived up to his name in a long time. This should be easy.”
	As if to mock me, the alarm goes off. I shoot a narrowed glare to Shadow. With the alarm already going off, there’s no reason to be stealthy anymore, so I make a break for the bone. 
	The bone is maybe the size of a chicken drumstick. It has the nicest shading of gold on it. The bone alone is worth a fortune! Using my slippered right back paw, I lift and side kick the glass display case housing my treasure. I snatch the bone and shove it unceremoniously into a vacant pouch on my belt.
	I start off racing toward my rope but I skid to a stop as I see Shadow has a gun pointed at me. I look at him mildly confused, really I should have known better, but we won’t go there.
	“Puss, drop the bone and lay down on the ground.” Shadow says in a calm, steady voice.
	“Do as he says Miss Boots, no one wants to hurt you.” An older male voice says. Putting two and two together I figure the voice must belong to Frisky. 
I turn my head and glance behind me. Sure enough, an old tom tabby cat that has be on the last day of his nine lives is standing there holding his gun on me with shaky paws.
Well shadow’s behavior makes sense now. I decide I won’t let this kitten, let’s face it he may be bigger than me, but he’s clearly younger, get in trouble because of me.
Taking a deep breath I resume my run, I know Shadow won’t shoot me. I don’t know how I know this I just do, call it a gut feeling.
I hear both guns go off back to back. A sharp, burning pain begins in my back causing me to stagger. I look to Shadow slack jawed before realizing his gun isn’t trained on me. A few seconds later, I hear Frisky hit the floor.
As I stumble passed Shadow, I grab the cuff of his shirt and pull him with me. The kid can’t stay here they’d haul him off as an accomplice.
The pain is unbearable as I climb the rope back onto the roof. My breaths are rushed, god it hurts to breath!
I don’t say anything to Shadow as I gather what strength I have left and race across the roof. I don’t even bother to look before throwing myself off it.
I land in the bed of a pickup, not even a heartbeat later, Shadow lands beside me.
“Are you okay?!” Shadow’s face is a mask of concern, it’s unnerving.
“Do I look okay?!” I snap back. I don’t mean to be mean, but obviously Shadow has never been shot before.
“Let me have a look.” He says. 
Before I can agree to this, he flips me gently onto my stomach. I hear him suck in a breath. To his credit, he doesn’t tell me how bad it is. He just goes to work. After a few minutes I don’t feel much pain anymore, just some pressure and aching.
“What did you do?” I ask quietly.
I can almost feel the nonchalant shrug I’m given. “Got the bullet out. I don’t even know how Frisky hit you, I was banking on him missing.”
“How did you know to make it stop hurting?” I’m quite curious by this point.
Another phantom shrug. “I used to work in Nine Lives Medical. It was a long time ago though. Once I had to start stealing, I figured the knowledge would come in handy.”
“I see... Well thanks.”

Shadow refuses to leave. He insists that he has to monitor my wound and make sure it heals properly. I think it’s just an excuse.
We arrive back in Dog Walk City just as the sun is starting to crest the skyline. I’m tired, cranky, and whatever Shadow did to make the pain stop is wearing off.
When we get to Valdez’s warehouse I bang on the door as if my balled up paw has the ability to go through the solid oak.
Not surprisingly, Filipe steps out of the doggy door and looks to me with those big watery mud colored eyes.
“Where’s Valdez?” I demand in a harsh tone.
Filipe shakes his head. “No…No... No Meester Valdez. Meester Valdez no here.”
I growl low to the annoying dog and simply punt him out of the way. He issues a surprised yelp.
I slip through the doggy door with Shadow right behind me. Filipe brings up the rear.
It is just how Filipe said. Valdez isn’t here. There’s splatters of red and patches of orange fur scattered around though. I lower my head shaking it slowly. Damn mutt tricked me. 
My head still lowered, I ask Filipe in a dangerous voice. “Where is your master Filipe?”
Filipe begins prancing in front of me like he has eaten a bag of jumping beans. “Meester Valdez no say. He only say for joo to gimme de bone.”
I snorted. Did he really think he was the bone after all this crap?!
“You tell ‘Mister’ Valdez if he wants the bone… He’ll have to come find me.” I say as I turn and slip through the doggy door.

Outside the morning sun nearly blinds me. I raise a paw to shield my eyes from the glare.
“Where to Boss?” Shadow asks. 
I am unsure if I like this whole having a side kick thing. Aren’t superheroes the only ones that have sidekicks?
To answer Shadow, I shrug. “To find Valdez I guess...”


Thus ends the story of how I acquired the Bone of Riches. I have no idea what I will do with it. At the moment it’s insurance that at some point I will see Valdez again and settle the score…


Day and Night
By: Kim Stevens
©2013 by Kim Stevens
Leaning back on my hands, I close my eyes, and enjoy the sun warming my bare skin. I was stretched out on a beach towel, in the backyard, dressed in a pale blue bikini top and cut-off denim shorts. 
It was the weekend so I was spending every minute working on my tan. My iPod was beside me blasting ‘All Around Me’ by Flyleaf in my ears and a faint breeze made my long, unusually-colored hair dance around my shoulders. Since childhood, people had always commented on my hair color; even I thought it was an odd shade. My hair is waist-length and three hues of blond with a splash of primrose and a pinch of saffron. 
Tilting my head back further I felt the sun’s rays kissing my already freckled skin. I filled my lungs with the scents of mown grass and crisp air when all of a sudden the sun disappeared and a shadow lurked over me. 
“Hey!” I opened my eyes to see a strong jaw line, deep red lips, and dark teardrop eyes. His hair was chocolate brown and fell over his brow, cascading over his ears in adorable flicks and waves. It looked thick and brushed the collar of his leather trench coat. “Get out of my sun!” I sat up, glaring. 
“Hi, my name’s Orlie,” the boy said, a bright grin spreading across his face like wildfire. The sun illuminated his tall, lanky frame and it looked like he was glowing. “You’re Calista, right?” I blinked a few times, opening and closing my mouth like a fish. All words escaped me. “Are you alright?” his grin twitched before falling from his crimson lips.
I swallowed. “I-I’m Cali,” I stammered. My cheeks were burning and it wasn’t from the sun. I closed my eyes and took a shaky breath. “Orlie?” I met his dark gaze. Orlie knelt down beside me, his boots touching the edge of the beach towel. I noticed that his eyes were black-blue, reminding me of the midnight sky.
“My mother had a thing for Orlando Bloom.” He rolled his eyes while resting his arms on his knees. The grin returned while his hand reached out towards me; thin long fingers picked up a piece of my wavy hair. “What an unusual color,” he mused. 
I batted his hand away then leaned back on my arms, the sun bathing me in its warmth once again. Orlie brushed a hand through his chocolate locks and I saw a flash of silver before the hair settled on his brow again.
“Why are you here in my yard?” I squinted up at him.
“I moved in next door. I saw you out here and I thought I’d come and say hi,” he said, sitting on the grass. He stretched out his long legs, crossing his ankles.
“Where are you from?” I lied on my back while Orlie picked at blades of grass.
“We’re from out of town.” He glanced at me and I saw silver specks peeking from under his dark hair. “I didn’t mean to offend you before when I made the comment about your hair.” his eyes flicked to my loose hair. “I’ve never see hair the color of the sun.”
I abruptly sat up before climbing to my feet. “Did I say something wrong?” Orlie asked, frowning, and watching as I shook grass off the towel.
“I-I have to go,” I said, turning and making my escape into my mum’s house. 
Slamming the door behind me, I peeked through the window, expecting to see Orlie still sitting in the yard. Instead, there was no sign of him and where he had been sprawled out; a silver glow was now glittering brighter than the sun. 

As the sun melted into the horizon, I hugged my knees, sitting on the window seat, and keeping my gaze on the two-story brick house sitting on the other side of the chain-link fence. Curtains covered all of the windows except for the window opposite mine which was uncovered, and dimly lit. 
From where I sat I could see a queen-bed with a dark comforter, a massive dark wood cupboard, and a desk. A closed door across the room, I guessed, led to a bathroom and the door leading into the bedroom was out of sight.  
I was replaying my encounter with Orlie, my chin resting on my knees, when I was snapped out of the memory by the creaking of my bedroom door opening. When I turned my head I saw mum’s head poke around the door.
“There you are!” she said coming into the room. “How was your day?” Mum was still dressed in her waitress uniform as she perched on the bed, crossing her legs. Her dark-blond hair was free from its ponytail and she was yawning.
“It was okay.” I turned my back on the neighboring house. “I worked on my tan…” I rubbed a hand over my brown arm then turned it over exposing the lily-white underside of my forearm. I frowned at the birthmark that looked like it was glowing on my wrist. 
“I see the new neighbors have moved in,” mum was saying while running her fingers though her hair.
“Really? I didn’t notice.” I rubbed a finger over my birthmark which always felt cooler than my actual body temperature. The birthmark was a jagged circle and in the middle was the shape of the crescent moon. The colors ranged from rosy red, pale orange, and a silvery-blue. 
“Earth to Cali,” mum said, poking my arm. “Hey! Calista!” 
“Sorry, what?” my cheeks grew warm while mum grinned.
“What were you thinking about just then?” she asked, leaning her elbows on her knees. “Spill girlie!”
I rolled my eyes making her giggle. “I was thinking of…” before I could finish my sentence I was silenced by an intense gaze boring into my back. Slowly turning, I looked over at the neighboring house, into the room opposite mine, which was now in complete darkness. 
“Cali?” Mum asked. When I didn’t answer she stood, sitting beside me. “Are you okay, darl?”
I forced myself to look away from the window. “Yeah, I’m okay,” I mumble, keeping my eyes on my hands. 
“Are you sure?” she played a hand on my forearm. “You aren’t getting sick, are you?”
“No, Mum, I’m fine.” I plastered a smile on my face as the intense staring grew stronger. Even though I couldn’t see anyone in the room I knew it wasn’t empty.
When mum finally left to prepare dinner (her language for picking up the phone and ordering take-out) I swiveled around and gazed at the dark room in the neighboring house. The curtains slowly danced in the warm summer breeze as the full moon appeared in the dark sky, bathing everything in a silvery glow. 
I was rubbing my hands up and down my bare legs when I saw a movement in the dark room. A figure emerged out of the blackness, standing in the window, and being illuminated by the moon…no, it was his own silvery glow.
“Orlie…” I breathed, focusing on the figure. I edged closer to the window causing me to lose my balance. I gave a small yelp, trying to grab onto something, but my hands flailed in the air. I was toppling out of my two-story bedroom window when strong hands suddenly gripped my arm. 
I gasped in shock as I was gently pulled back into the room. I ran a shaky hand over my hair while my breathing and speeding heartbeat returned to normal. When I remembered to check who my savior was I looked into my room and saw that I was alone. Spinning around, I saw the figure still standing in the window, watching me.
“You saved me,” I said in a whisper.
“I couldn’t let you fall.” His voice was velvety soft. “May I come over?” he stepped closer to the window; his face hidden in the shadows. 
“Ah…sure, why not?” I went to stand up, but stopped when his gentle voice suddenly sounded near my ear. “You look fair against the moon’s glow.” I gasped, pirouetting on my butt. There he stood, a tall, dark, and mysterious Orlie. “H-How did you do that?” I stammered.
Orlie grinned while my bedroom light shone on his trench coat. His dark teardrop eyes watched me and his hair looked like melted chocolate. Without a sound he sat in front of me on the window seat. 
“Would you believe…magic?” he leaned into me, his thin fingers resting on my legs; his breath cool on my skin.
I went to make a smart-ass remark but all I said was, “Yes.”

Orlie’s grin widened as he reached out, touching a piece of hair resting on my shoulder. “Can I ask you something?” his black-blue eyes met my gaze. 
“Okay,” I said eager to get closer to him. 
“Why did you leave when I mentioned the sun?” 
I tried to look away, but he kept a hold on me. “I-I’m a Daybreaker,” I answered. I braced myself for Orlie’s questions, but all he did was twirl my hair around his finger. 
“You’re a daughter of the sun?” he said. His dark eyes stayed on my unusual hair. 
“How did you know?” I asked slowly. 
His free fingers found my arm and gently turned it over. His eyes moved from my hair wrapped around his finger to the birthmark on my left wrist. “You and I are soulmates.” His fingers gently caressed my marked skin. “I also have a birthmark.”
I watched, curiously, as he pushed up the sleeve of his coat to reveal a birthmark in the same place as mine. I leaned forward for a closer look. It was a perfectly round circle the color of pale silvery-blue, and in the middle was a smaller version of my jagged circle, the color of pastel pink and orange. Without thinking I slid my fingers onto his skin and felt the warmth coming from the birthmark. 
“You’re the son of the moon…a Nightfaller.” I looked up so he nodded. “You were out in the sunlight,” I said, dumbfounded. 
Orlie chuckled. “That is just a myth about our kind. It was created in the early twelfth century to scare children at night. The truth is Nightfallers can walk the day just like Daybreakers can walk the night,” he told me. “What else do you know?”
“Not much,” I admitted. “My mum isn’t one of us, but my dad was.”
“Was?” Orlie asked, keeping his fingers on my arm. 
“He died when I was little. Mum doesn’t talk about him much, but she said he had the same birthmark as me.”
“I’m sorry.”
I shrugged. “What about your family?” I cast a glance towards the dark room on the other side of the fence. When my question went unanswered I look around to see that I’m suddenly alone. I go to turn back to Orlie’s room, but my door opened and mum came in. 
“Hey, diner’s ready,” she said.
“Okay. I’ll be done in a sec.” I wait until the door closes before looking back at the blackened window. A tall, lanky figure is standing at the curtains, his face in the shadows. 
“Can I see you later?” I ask in a quiet voice.
“I would like that,” Orlie replied, disappearing into the blackness. 

Entering the kitchen I smelt Chinese food. “You’ve been busy,” I said, spying our local Chinese restaurant containers in the trash. “You’ll have to give me the recipes.” I slid onto a stool and grabbed the bowl of fried rice.
“I can do you one better,” mum said, spearing a piece of sweet and sour pork with her fork, “I can give you the number.” She popped the food into her mouth then smiled.
“Very funny,” I said, grinning.
I was loading my fork with beef in black bean sauce when mum cleared her throat. “Hey, I thought I’d go and introduce myself to the new neighbors tomorrow. Wanna come?” she asked out of the blue. I had been chewing on a piece of beef which I nearly choked on. I grabbed my glass of lemonade and took several gulps while coughing. “Are you okay? Cali?” mum went to stand up, but I shook my head.
After another mouthful of soft drink I was able to talk.  “I’m okay. Are you sure you want to do that?” I wiped tears from my eyes.
“Why not? When we moved here, Mrs. Noble came over with a chocolate cake.”
“Yeah, because she was a busybody,” I mumbled. 
“Calista!” mum said, holding back a smile. 
“What if they like their privacy?” I asked, helping myself to more fried rice.
“It’s only an introduction. I don’t want to be their best friend,” mum said, spooning pork onto her plate. “Will you come?”
I finished my mouthful. “Yeah, I’ll come.” I was interested in meeting Orlie’s family. 

I was in my bedroom after having a shower, brushing my hair, when his cool breath drifted over my bare skin. “You smell like…” he breathed in deeply, “lavender…and sunshine.” his fingers slid onto my shoulder and ran across the thin strap of my singlet. 
“Sunshine…original,” I said. I went to turn around, but Orlie stopped me. His free hand snaked around my waist, halting on my stomach. His other hand stayed on my shoulder. I leaned back against him and closed my eyes. Being this close to him felt more than right; it felt natural.
“I missed you,” his low, silky voice said in my ear. “I had to hold myself back while you were eating Chinese food.”
My eyes flew open and I turned around in his arms, remembering that I had choked on a piece of beef. Orlie’s arms were still holding me to his body. 
“How did you know that?” I asked, making him grin.
“I’m embarrassed to say…” he moved his eyes to look over my head. “You have a clear view into my room.” he sounded amused.
“It’s the same view you have,” I retorted, encircling him in my arms. His leather trench coat denied me access to his body. “How did you know what I had for dinner?” I looked up meeting his gaze.
A grin spread across his face like wildfire. “I peeked in through the kitchen window. You look like your mother.” He played with a piece of my loose hair.
“Mum thinks I have my dad’s eyes.” I slid my hands up his chest which felt like cool, chiseled marble. Orlie’s midnight-sky eyes locked onto mine as his hands enveloped my fingers. 
“They’re the color of a fine summer’s day,” he whispered, his mouth just inches from mine. I went to close the short gap, but he pulled away, a heavy sigh escaping his lips. “Cali…”
I stepped back, removing my hands from his. “You have a girlfriend, don’t you?” I sulked over to the window seat and sat down. I went to bring my legs up, but Orlie appeared in front of me, claiming my hands again.
“Cali, look at me,” he said gently. I shook my head, keeping my eyes on the dark room across the fence. “Calista, please.” When I looked at him with watery eyes Orlie winced. 
He went to touch my cheek, but his hand fell back to his thigh. His other hand was softly caressing my fingers. “You said you don’t know much about us? Daybreakers and Nightfallers?” I nodded. “I can tell you what I know, if you’d like?”
“Yes,” I said excited. Orlie’s mouth twitched into an almost invisible smile. He stood, shrugging off his coat, and I was infatuated with what was hidden underneath: a tight black t-shirt, a brass belt buckle in the shape of a crescent moon, loose fitting denim jeans, and black boots. I took every inch of him in as he threw his coat on my bed. When he sat back down in front of me, my eyes travelled back to his handsome face. 
“Before you start…is there a girlfriend?” 
“No,” Orlie said. “No girlfriend. I have a soulmate.”
“Oh, that’s so much better,” I spat out, throwing my arms in the air. I angrily stood up, getting ready to tell him to evict my room and life, but stopped when he appeared in front of me. I crossed my arms over my chest and glared at my bare feet.
“Calista let me explain.” He touched my arm then sighed heavily when I didn’t move. “Please, sit down.” I stomped over to the window seat and sat, cross-legged, leaning my back against the wall. I relaxed my arms, letting my hands fall to my lap. Orlie sat in front of me with his long legs stretched out and his ankles crossed.
“My soulmate is you,” he told me, keeping his eyes on his folded hands. “It’s always been you.”
I snuck a glance at him and saw that he was intently staring at his hands. When the silence dragged on for another minute, I leaned forward with my elbows on my knees. “Soulmates?”
Orlie smiled and met my eyes. “Yes.”
I frown. “I wanted to kiss you…but you moved away.” I felt my eyebrows scrunch together. “Did I have bad breath?” my question makes him chuckle.
“Your breath is fine.” he turned serious. “Our relationship isn’t a normal one,” he said, watching every inch of my face. “Daybreakers and Nightfallers can’t be together whenever we want. We can’t act on our impulses.” Orlie holds my hands while I process his words.
“We can’t be…” I say slowly. “We can’t kiss?” Orlie nodded. “Oh…we can’t…” my eyes grow wide and I glance at my bed. “We can’t…”
“No.” Orlie’s voice is sad. When I turn my eyes to him I see that he’s heartbroken. I reach my hand out, placing it on his cheek and smile when he moves his face into my palm, kissing it. 
“We can touch…at least we have that,” I say in a soft voice. “Tell me more about us.”
A smile appears on his crimson lips, but it’s unhappy. Orlie stands then pulled me to my feet. I was about to ask him what was wrong, but he flicked the light off before taking my spot on the window seat. He gently pulled me to him, guiding me to sit between his bent legs. I leaned back against his chest while my hands rest on his thighs. I feel him breathing while his chin nestles into the hollow of my neck.
“What would you like to know?” he asked, his cool breath blowing my hair.
“Everything!” The moon shone outside the window as a warm breeze ran over us. Orlie’s long fingers gently ran up and down my arms. 
“Have you ever heard of the saying, ‘Once in a blue moon’?” I nodded. “It’s a mortal saying, but a blue moon is when a son of the moon is born. When a daughter of the sun is born the sun glows a brilliant red.”
“I thought that happened when there’s a huge bushfire,” I said, turning my head and looking up at Orlie. Knowing he was my soulmate made an electrifying tingle rush through my whole body. I couldn’t help but smile.
“No, the sun turns red to welcome the daughter.”
“That sounds beautiful.” Orlie’s hands slid down my arms, stopping at my hands, and lacing our fingers together. “I thought you said we couldn’t…you know.” My eyes flick to my bed while I frown. 
“That’s true…most of the time.” I heard him sniff my hair.
“Most of the time?” I asked a little hopeful. 
Orlie kissed my earlobe then gently kissed my jaw and neck. “A man and woman fell in love many, many years ago. Sadly they were torn apart and forced to live an eternity separated.” As Orlie spoke, he twirled my hair around his fingers. “The man was condemned to the moon and the woman to the sun. Once every hundred years, they are able to get together to make love…that’s why a blue moon and red sun are so rare in a mortal’s lifetime.”
“So, they only see each other once in a century?” I sigh heavily. “That’s so sad.”
“It is a sad story,” Orlie agreed. “They are soulmates cursed to be apart.”
“Kind of like us,” I said in a whisper.
Orlie wrapped his arms around me and buried his face in my hair. “Daybreakers and Nightfallers can be together once every hundred years,” he whispered into my neck. 
“When is that coming up?” I felt him smile.
“We were created in the last century. You’ll know when it’s time when you feel it in here.” His finger glided over my heart. “Did you know, when it rains during the day it’s the woman in the sun crying for the man in the moon, and vice versa.”
“That’s romantic,” I said, rubbing my hands up and down his legs. “I have something to tell you.” I felt Orlie remove his face from my hair. His chin rested on my shoulder. “My mum…she wants us to introduce ourselves to your family.” I kept my eyes focused on the wall in front of me. “She wants to be neighborly.”
“What do you think of that?” Orlie asked, curious. 
I shrugged. “I think she’d have questions about you being in my room.” Orlie chuckled softly. “She’s not a nosey person so she won’t be asking prying questions.” I twisted around to look at him. “If it’s not okay with coming over I can…”
Orlie put a finger to my mouth. “I think it’s a great idea,” he said. “My mother would enjoy the company.”
“What about me?” I mumbled against his finger. 
A wildfire grin broke across his face. “She will adore you.” He wrapped his arms around me, nestling his chin in the hollow of my shoulder. We sat on the window seat in the comfortable silence of the night, enjoying each other’s company. 

The early morning sun rose in the sky filling my room with a soft glow, the birds twittered blissfully in nearby trees, and I grumbled unhappily while pulling the sheet over my head. 
I had had a sleepless night dreaming of one person: Orlie. Every time I had closed my eyes I pictured his handsome face while he spoke silent words and his hands explored all over my body. My imagination ran away from me and when I woke I was panting, sweaty, and wanting more. 
I dragged myself out of bed at seven am and tried not to look out the window. It didn’t work. My eyes gravitated to the house next door and my shoulders slumped when I saw that the curtains were pulled tightly closed. 
I moved around my room like a zombie then found myself standing under lukewarm water, yawning, and trying not to get shampoo in my eyes. As I rinsed, I replayed what Orlie had told me last night: I was born during a red sun since I was a Daybreaker, I was a descendant of a woman who was trapped in the sun and Orlie was a descendant of a man locked in the moon, and we could only consummate our relationship every hundred years. This was…crazy!
I pulled on knee-length black shorts and a black singlet which clung nicely to my body. I brushed my sun-colored hair, letting it hang down my back to dry, and then cleaned my teeth, gargling with mouthwash. 
“Morning, darl,” mum said as I entered the kitchen. “Oh, you look like crap.” She sipped her orange juice while her eyes took me in. 
“I didn’t sleep very well.” I slumped on a stool and folded my arms on the island bench. 
“Do you want some brekkie?” she pushed a plate towards me with two pieces of toast on it. There was a tub of margarine, a jar of raspberry jam, and half a jar of Vegemite.
“I’m not really hungry,” I said picking up the top piece and pulling it to bits with my fingers. “When are we going over to annoy the neighbors?”
Mum smiled. “After breakfast. You’re just as curious about them as I am.” She finished her drink then stood up, putting the glass in the sink. “I’m going to have a shower. Try and eat something, Cali.” Mum came over to me, kissed my cheek, and disappeared upstairs. 
I watched as the piece of toast became crumbs then sighed, leaning my arms on the counter top. As the birds chirped out the kitchen window I stood and threw the bits of bread into the rubbish. I put everything away before standing at the sink and watching as a magpie pulled an earth worm out of the grass. 
“Are you ready, darl?” mum asked coming into the kitchen and pulling on a brown t-shirt over jeans. 
“Yeah,” I turn to face her, “Don’t you have a shift today?”
“Nope, I asked Deb to take my hours and I’ll take her shift tomorrow.” She dabbed on some lip balm, smacking her lips together. “The restaurant can survive without me.” Mum smiled. “Come on, let’s go meet the neighbors.”
I stepped out into the sun and saw neighborhood kids riding bikes on the footpath while teenagers did tricks on skateboards. The door slammed shut as I walked down the path towards the road. Mum came up to me as I ambled towards the front yard of the house next door.
The chain-link fence was partly hidden by a neat boxwood hedge that ran the length of the yard. A dirt driveway sat on the right side of the two-story house and a cobblestone path led to a small landing with a dark wood front door holding two leadlight panels. 
“The gardens are immaculate,” mum whispered, standing in the middle of the path and gripping my arm for dear life. “Look at those roses…they have flowers as big as saucers on them.”
“Maybe you could get some tips on gardening,” I teased, pulling her towards the house. “Come on, mum!” Stepping onto the landing I reached my hand out and knocked on the door. 
“This garden puts everyone else’s to shame,” mum said in a low voice. 
Mum was taking in a jasmine vine hanging from a trellis and fully in bloom when the door suddenly opened. “Hello? Can I help you?” a slender woman stood in the doorway, a bright pink apron covering jeans and a blue-and-white shirt. 
“Hi!” I nudged mum’s side making her face the woman. “We’re your neighbors,” I pointed to our house, “and we came to introduce ourselves.”
The woman’s face lit up into a bright grin. It was identical to her son’s smile. “Oh, hi, I’m Faith. Please, come in.” she moved to the side allowing us to enter the house. 
“I’m Anna and this is my daughter, Cali,” mum said, taking in an antique table and leadlight lamps in the foyer. A painting of a person screaming was hanging on the wall. “You have beautiful furniture. Is this a Munch painting?”
“Yes, it is. I would love to show you around. My husband, Benedict, is around here somewhere.” Faith started to head down a short hall so we followed. 
At the end of the hall was a sprawling state-of-the-art kitchen, the benches were rosewood, the floor was polished wood, and the appliances were stainless steel. A six-seater dining table stood pride of place under a large crystal chandelier and floor-to-ceiling windows showed the immaculate back gardens. 
“Would you like coffee or tea?” Faith asked, removing bright pink oven mitts from a hook. She bent down, pulling out two trays of choc chip cookies. 
“Tea, please,” mum replied as Faith spread out the mouth-watering cookies on a cooling tray before removing her mitts. 
“I have Earl Grey, Italian Almond or Jasmine Green Tea.”
“Whatever you’re having is fine.” Faith nodded once then moved her gaze to me. “Would you like a soft drink, Cali? I have Coke, Fanta or Creaming Soda.” As she spoke, Faith was removing two floral china teacups from a cupboard and placing them on matching saucers. 
“Oh, I’m fine. Thank you,” I replied. 
I watched as several tea bags were stuffed into a china teapot then boiling water was added. Mum was talking to Faith about the humungous flowers in the front yard when I felt someone enter the kitchen. 
“I didn’t know we had guests,” a deep voice said from behind me. 
When I turned around I felt my stomach clench from the sight of the man standing, formally, a few feet from me. He was dressed in black pants, black button-up shirt, and polished loafers. His arms were behind his back and his teardrop eyes watched me intently.  His hair was neatly slicked back and was the color of silver. I knew I had seen him before, but I couldn’t put my finger on where or when.
“Anna, Cali…this is my husband, Benedict,” Faith said. “Darling, these are our neighbors.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you both,” Benedict said his voice buttery-smooth. “Cali? Is that short for anything?” his eyes, as black as night, held mine.
“It’s short for Calista,” I replied, wary.
“Benedict, I thought I’d show Anna around.” Faith handed mum a teacup and saucer then gestured to the table. I heard the women move behind me as I kept staring at the tall, elegant man in front of me. The feeling in my stomach grew stronger with each passing minute. 
“Good idea, sweetheart,” Benedict said. He gave a small smile which made me tense up. He stepped around me and moved towards his wife and my mother. I was about to turn around when I saw a movement from the corner of my eye. Moving my gaze sideways I saw Orlie take the last step of a hidden staircase. 
“Orlie, these are our neighbors,” Faith said when she spotted her son. “This is Anna and her daughter, Cali.”
I saw mum sipping her tea and eyeing the tall, skinny boy who was now standing beside me. Her eyes were bright and when she lowered the cup I saw a slight smile on her lips. I groaned inwardly, knowing she wanted me to find someone, and one day, give her grandbabies. 
“It’s nice to meet you both,” Orlie said in his smooth voice. “Mum, I thought I’d show Cali around.” I saw Benedict slightly frown at his son’s idea. He stayed silent, but his eyes bored into me like two hot pokers. I felt myself edge closer to Orlie. The feeling had spread throughout my body and was screaming: ‘danger, danger, danger’.
“What a good idea,” Faith said, smiling. I couldn’t help but smile back as the woman’s grin mirrored her son’s.
“Come on, I’ll show you my room,” Orlie whispered in my ear. I knew no one had heard him as they didn’t bat an eyelid at his request. I followed him up the stairs and came out onto a second level. Orlie took my hand, grinned, and led me to a closed door with a poster of Marilyn Manson taped crookedly to it.
Orlie gave me a sexy, heart-melting grin as his free hand pushed open the door. He stepped over the threshold, our hands still linked. 
When I stepped into the room my mouth fell open. I heard the door close behind me then felt Orlie’s hands slide onto my hips. “What do you think?” he asked softly. 
“It’s…beautiful in person,” I said, turning in his arms. His hands rested on my lower back while I slid my arms onto his shoulders; my fingers tangling in his hair. “It looks different, up-close-and-personal.” 
“There’s nothing you haven’t seen from across the gap.” He kissed my forehead, trailing delicate kisses to my eyelids, nose, stopping at the edge of my mouth. I groaned when he pulled away.
“I want to kiss you,” I whispered, gripping his shirt in my hands. “Hey, you’re not wearing your trench coat.” Orlie chuckled.
“I don’t wear it twenty-four-seven.” He moved a hand to my shoulder and started to twirl a lock of my hair. “I want to kiss you too,” he whispered. 
I moved away from him and went over to the queen-size bed covered in a chocolate brown comforter and pillows. I trailed my fingers over the intricately carved bed-end then noticed that the cupboard was carved with the same rose pattern. As I took in several family photographs, sitting on glass shelves, I felt Orlie watching me. When I glanced over my shoulder I saw him sprawled out on the bed, his arms under his head. 
“I thought you’d have more stuff.” I saw a model car sitting amongst the frames. I turned and headed over to the bed. I climbed over Orlie who rolled on to his side, facing me. 
“I don’t like to accumulate material objects.”
“I’d hate to know what you think of my room,” I said as his hand crawled onto my stomach. “It’s full of material objects…I just call it junk.” Orlie grinned.
“I enjoy your room very much.” His hand crept up to below my bra. “I especially like the toy tiger you keep in your bookshelf.”
“My dad gave that to me when I was little.” I took his hand off my stomach and kissed his fingertips. The room grew silent as I listened to our soft breathing. When Orlie sat up I looked at his strong back and broad shoulders. 
“I want you to meet someone,” he said, twisting around to look at me. 
I sat up, shuffling to the side so I could sit beside him. “Who?” I asked, sweeping primrose-blond hair out of my face. 
“My sister.” Orlie stood then helped me to my feet. 
“You have a sister?” I wiped a hand down my singlet. “I thought our kind could only be together every hundred years?” I was confused and curious. 
Orlie opened his door and followed me out of the room. He didn’t answer my question as he guided me to a closed door down the hall. In bold, black letters was a sign reading, ‘Enter at own Risk’. Orlie knocked then faced me, a huge grin spreading across his beautiful lips. I opened my mouth to ask him about the sibling thing again when the door opened. Instead of asking my question, I said, “Twins!”

Standing in the doorway was a girl with long wavy dark brown hair; teardrop eyes the color of caramel, and skinny like her twin brother. Her lips were the color of roses and when she grinned it was crooked. 
“Cali, this is my twin sister, Aurelia,” Orlie said, his hand resting on my back. 
“It’s Aurie,” the girl said, throwing a dark scowl at her handsome brother. “Hi, it’s nice to meet you,” Aurie said, hugging me. Her body was cool against mine as I returned the embrace. 
“Hi, it’s nice to meet you, too.”
“Can we come in Aurie?” Orlie asked as we pulled apart. Aurie nodded then opened the door wider. I felt the siblings watching me as I entered the dark bedroom. The plum curtains were pulled closed, blocking out the sun, and a faint light was coming from a Care Bear nightlight. As I looked around I noticed that Aurie’s room was the total opposite to Orlie’s. Where Orlie’s walls were bare, Aurie’s walls were covered in posters and unframed photographs. 
“Do you think it’s too much?” Aurie asked sitting on the side of her bed. The queen-size bed was covered in a black comforter decorated with pastel pink and blue stars; the pillows were pure black.
“Ah, no, it’s a great collection.” I moved closer to the far wall and saw posters of different bands: The Cranberries, The Dead Weather, Florence and The Machine, a young Madonna, Paramore, and Passenger; to name a few. “I love these bands.”
“I’ve been collecting them for years.” 
Moving to the next wall I take in her collection of family photographs. Several match photos from in Orlie’s room and some are different. “You’ve been to France, America, and New Zealand.” I looked at Aurie who was standing beside me. Orlie was leaning against the door jam, watching me. 
“We’ve travelled the world for the past few years,” Aurie told me. “This is in London, standing in front of the London Bridge.” I took a closer look at an 8 X 10 photograph; a beaming Faith was standing next to a silver-haired Benedict. A cheeky grin brightened Orlie’s young face as he perched on his father’s shoulders and Aurie was snuggled on her mother’s hip, smiling her crooked smile. 
“Aww…you two were so cute.” I gently touched Orlie’s childish face then smiled when I felt his hands on my waist. 
“If you two are going to be lovey-dovey then get out,” Aurie said, flopping onto her bed. 
“Let’s go,” Orlie whispered in my ear. I heard Aurie groan. 

Lying on Orlie’s bed, I tucked my hands under my head and closed my eyes. Several seconds later I felt Orlie climb on top of me. When I open my eyes his handsome face is hovering above mine while he held his weight off me. Lowering his head, Orlie plants small kisses all over my face, down my neck, and across my collarbone. 
My hands make their way onto his back and my fingers swiftly pull the fabric of his shirt up so I can touch his cool, hard skin. When I run my fingernails up and down his sides I feel Orlie shiver in my embrace.
My legs automatically circle his waist and my back arches as his breath dances over my skin. When his lips move closer to my mouth I go to turn my head, but he pulls away.
“Sorry,” I quickly whisper. “I got lost in the moment.” 
As smile tugs at his crimson lips. “We need to be careful.” His thumb softly caresses my temple.
“Why?” I asked moving my hands to his shoulders. “You’ve never told me why we can’t kiss…or do anything else.” I pouted making Orlie chuckle. I felt his stomach move against mine. 
“We, our kind, can’t be together until its right.”
“The hundred year thing?” he nodded. “But why can’t we do things while waiting for the right time?” I moved a hand to his cheek, brushing my thumb across his dark red lips. “We could try?”
Orlie’s eyes closed and he sighed; it sounded heavy-hearted. His right arm moved to my leg and he effortlessly disentangled me from him. I let my arms drop to my stomach as Orlie crawled off me and shuffled to the far side of the bed. 
I stayed on the bed while staring at his back. I knew he had something on his mind and I had to wait for him to share his thoughts. 
“Cali, if I tell you everything about us then it would clog your mind. It’s best for you if I tell you in segments.” Orlie looked at me over his shoulder. “Do you understand?”
“Yeah, I do, but you haven’t told me much.” I sat up, moving around the bed, and sitting beside Orlie who looked uncertain. “What would happen if you told me everything? Would I disappear? Would I go crazy?” I smiled, but Orlie shook his head, staring at his hands. 
“I’m not sure,” he muttered.  
I moved my hand to his knee. “Tell me why we can’t kiss and I’ll drop the subject for today.” 
His black-blue teardrop eyes levitated to my face. It took a moment for him to speak and when he did his words were matter-of-fact and full of hesitation. “A Daybreaker, as you know, is born during a red sun and can only mate once every hundred years.” I wanted to smirk, but the look in Orlie’s eyes made me stifle it. “Nightfallers are born during a blue moon and can mate once every hundred years. If they mate beforehand,” he grimaced, “disaster happens.” The smirk spread across my face and I began to giggle. I saw Orlie scowl, but I couldn’t stop myself from laughing.
“It’s not funny, Calista,” Orlie said in a firm, dark voice. This made the giggles vanish and I sobered up quickly. 
“I’m sorry.” I went to touch his hand, but Orlie stood, moving closer to the window overlooking my empty bedroom window. “Tell me. I promise not to laugh. Orlie, please tell me!”
Orlie folded his arms over his chest and bowed his head. I was about to go over to him, but he started talking. “If we kiss then it’s a matter of life and death.” His voice was a near whisper and I had to concentrate to catch his words. “Daybreakers can give life and Nightfallers can take life.” his troubled eyes finally find mine. He stays silent as I let his words sink in. 
“If we kiss…” I said slowly, “you could kill me.” Orlie winced, turning his back to me. I felt tears threatening to spill. “But I can give life,” I croaked pathetically. I wiped my eyes, hoping Orlie wouldn’t see me crying, but he had turned to see my cascading waterfall. 
He came over to me, wrapping me in his cool embrace. “I’m sorry,” he whispered in my hair. 
“Why does this have to happen to us?” I buried my face in his shirt. “It’s not fair.” Orlie’s hands swept up and down my back while mumbling words to comfort me. When the tears had subsided, I laid my cheek against his chest and listened to the rhythmic beating of his heart. 
“Cali…” his hands moved onto my shoulders, gently pushing me away so he could see my face. “I love you.” his breath blew over my face as his words take me by surprise. I step back, tensely avoiding his eyes. 
“I-I should go.” I turn to leave, but his hand grabs my wrist. I know Orlie’s wary about my response and when I pull my hand away he lets me leave. 

Stumbling down the stairs I smack into a wall. When I stagger back several steps I see it’s not a wall, but Benedict, Orlie’s dad. 
“Cali, are you alright?” he asked, putting his hands out to steady me. When I took another step back Benedict lets his arms drop to his sides. 
“I’m fine,” I say, looking up into his eyes. My body suddenly tenses as a memory penetrates my mind…
A toddler was unsteady on chubby legs. The little girl was laughing and clapping while a tall man tumbled on the grass in front of her. He grinned before grabbing the girl and laying on his back, the child on his chest. As the man patted her back his whispers, “I love you, Cali-girl!” As the toddler gazes into her father’s adoring face a shadow was cast over them. The man shifted his gaze from his daughter to the male now standing over him. 
He placed the little girl on the grass then stood, leading the newcomer to the edge of the yard. As the girl was distracted by a butterfly the men spoke in hushed voices. 
“What do you want, Ben?” the father asked, curious.
“She’s a beautiful child,” the newcomer said. “What’s her name?” he brushed his hand through silver hair. 
“It’s Calista.” He moved himself in front of the silver-haired man, blocking his view of the child. “What do you want?” his voice was firm while saffron-blond hair gleamed in the bright sun. 
The silver-haired man took a step closer. “She’s an abomination,” he snarled. “She’s not a full-blood. You should be ashamed of yourself, Dharkar.” 
“I’ve told Anna nothing of our kind. She isn’t a threat to you, Benedict, and neither is Calista.” The saffron-blond haired man, Dharkar, went to turn away, but the silver-haired Benedict grabbed him, pulling him into his body. 
“You’ve broken the law, Dharkar, and you have to be dealt with.” As Benedict spoke, he pulled something from his pocket. Before Dharkar could fight back, Benedict plunged a shiny object into his chest. At first it looked like a knife, but as Dharkar staggered back, his hands were clutching a glowing gold star. 
Benedict shielded his eyes as Dharkar’s body exploded into millions of bright sun beams that evaporated in seconds. The silver-haired man knelt in front of the toddler who was sobbing for her father. 
“I will see you soon, Calista.” As he stood, a gold star appeared on the back of Benedict’s neck. 

I snapped out of the memory and saw the silver-haired man gazing at me curiously. “Cali, are you okay?” his voice was full of concern and suspicion. He went to touch my arm, but I batted his hand away. 
“You killed him!” I growled, balling my fists by my sides. “You killed my father!” I was shaking with rage.
“Who?” Benedict asked. I saw his eyes narrow.
“Dharkar Blithe,” I hissed. “You killed him because he was with a human woman. That’s how you have that gold star on the back of your neck.” I felt like poking his chest, but I restrained myself.
Benedict raised his hand, rubbing it absently over the back of his neck. “It was only a matter of time for you to find out,” he said darkly. He dropped his hand while his eyes took in my furious expression. 
“Why?” I heard my voice shake. 
“Because he broke the law! Dharkar mated with your mother, a mortal, and that’s a felony. He had to be dealt with.” He shrugged like it was an inconvenience. 
“Why didn’t you kill me or my mum?” hot tears were burning my eyes.
“Anna didn’t know about our world and you were a toddler. I would’ve been killed if I took an innocent’s life.”
I opened my mouth, but closed it again when words escaped me. I pushed past Orlie’s dad and ran home and up to my room where I threw myself onto the bed and cried for a father who I didn’t even know. 

My eyes were red, sore, and puffy when I made my way downstairs. Mum saw my face and her expression changed from happy to concern in a matter of seconds. 
“Cali, what’s wrong?” she asked, putting her book down. She stood from being curled up on the couch. “What happened, sweetheart?” her arms went around me, protectively. 
“I’m okay.” I sniffled. “Allergies…from Faith’s garden, I guess.” I rubbed my eyes while mum took in my puffy, red face. “I’m alright.” I felt bad for lying, but I couldn’t tell her the truth: I had just met my father’s killer. 
“Hmm…you’ve never been like this before.” she placed a hand on my forehead. “You aren’t coming down with something, are you?”
“No, but I’ll take some vitamins just in case I am.” I went into the kitchen as mum closely followed. I splashed cold water on my face as mum poured orange juice into a glass. When I turned around I saw a garlic tablet and two Vitamin C tablets beside the glass of juice. 
“Thanks, Mum,” I said, picking up the tablets and throwing them into my mouth. I took several gulps of juice then smiled. “Stop worrying about me.”
“I can’t help it.” she felt my forehead again then topped up my glass. “Drink it all up.”
After finishing my drink I put the glass in the sink then slid onto a stool. “What’s for dinner?” I spotted a pizza menu lying on the island bench. I picked it up and started to peruse the options. 
“We could have Italian or Mexican.” Mum stood beside me. “Ooohhh that sounds yummy.” Her finger pointed to a picture of a seafood pizza. 
“I think Italian tonight,” I said. “I’m going to have the bacon and meatball pizza with BBQ sauce.”
“Oh, that sounds good too.” Mum took the menu and started to compare the different pizzas. “Nope, I’m sticking with the seafood.”
“I’m going to have a shower,” I said, pushing myself off the stool. “Are we getting cheesy garlic bread?” 
Mum grinned. “Of course and I’m splurging…let’s get chocolate-caramel mousse.” 
“That sounds good to me.” I kissed mum on the cheek then headed upstairs. 

The cool water made my skin turn goose-pimply and it was a welcome relief from the summer warmth outside the shower door. I submerged my face, holding my breath, and braced my hands on the tiled wall. I pictured myself as a toddler watching my father being killed for loving a mortal woman; my mother. How could I tell Orlie that his dad was a murderer? I didn’t want to hurt him, but he had to know.
Pouring conditioner into my hand I lathered my hair making the air smell like lavender. Toweling myself off with a towel I pulled on underwear, mauve cotton boxers, and matching singlet. As I went into my room, a bead of sweat trickled down my neck. The cool shower was no match for the humid summer.
I sat on the bed, pulling the brush through my wet hair, and watching as Orlie’s curtains gently moved in the warm breeze. I knew the dark room was empty as I couldn’t feel his eyes watching me. 
Entering the kitchen I saw mum sliding two pizza boxes onto the bench along with a rectangular box and two small tubs. “Good timing,” she said, picking up the two tubs and deposing them into the refrigerator. 
“Smells good.” I hoisted myself onto a stool then threw open the lid of the top box. It was my meatball and bacon pizza. I moved the box in front of me as mum opened the rectangular box and broke the garlic bread in two, tossing a half onto my pizza. 
“Let’s eat in front of the telly.”
I was about to bite into a slice, but put it down. “Okay.” I carried my dinner into the living room and sat on the couch, balancing the box on my lap. “I don’t think I can eat all of this.” I picked up the loose slice and took a huge bite.
“Oh, I’m sure we can try,” mum said, folding her legs under her butt and turning the TV on with the remote. “I haven’t seen this show in years. I see Alf Stewart’s still living in Summer Bay.” She shoved a piece of cheesy garlic bread into her mouth as we watched Home and Away. 
“Hmmm…he’s pretty cute,” I said as the camera panned on a tall, dark-haired male with ‘All or Nothing’ tattooed on his shoulders. A short girl with dark hair was snuggling up to him.
“What did you think of Orlie?” mum asked out of the blue. “He seems like a nice boy.” When I stayed silent, she turned to look at me.
I swallowed my mouthful of food, keeping my eyes on the TV screen. I stayed quiet, waiting for her to speak. When she didn’t, I cleared my throat and said, “Yeah, he’s nice.” I quickly shoved a piece of garlic bread into my mouth in case another question came my way. Mum made a noise in her throat before turning back to the TV.

After dinner I went upstairs, cleaned my teeth, and went into my room. My desk lamp gave off a dim glow as I sat on the window seat and gazed up at the moon. A minute later Orlie appeared at my side.
“Cali…” his voice was gentle, hesitant. He sat in front of me while I brought my knees up to my chest. I felt him watching me. 
“I’m okay,” I said, meeting his guarded eyes. “I’m sorry for leaving.”
“I told you some tough stuff to hear.” He brushed a hand through his hair and I saw the silver flecks in his chocolate mess of hair. I watched as the locks fell across his brow then half-smiled. 
“I had to hear it,” I said. Neither of us mentioned the subject of love. I wasn’t sure if I shared the same feelings, but I knew that we had a strong bond. We were soulmate’s, after all. 
Keeping our gazes locked, Orlie reached out and took my hand in his. His thumb massaged my fingers while his midnight-sky eyes probed mine in the silence. “Tell me what’s wrong,” he finally said. 
I shook my head, breaking our gaze. Orlie kept hold of my hand so I kept my eyes on our interlocked fingers. 
“Cali, I know something’s wrong. Did I do something?”
“No!” I quickly answered. “You didn’t do anything wrong.” I saw doubt cross his dark eyes. I closed my eyes, pinching the bridge of my nose with my free hand. I took a deep breath then let it out slowly, opening my eyes. “Remember how I said my dad died when I was little?”
“Yeah, I remember,” Orlie replied, nodding.
“I was there when he was killed.” I glanced at the orange-and-black tiger sitting in my bookcase; the one my father had given me. I heard Orlie gasp as his hand slightly tightened on my fingers. 
“What?” he asked astounded. “You were there?”
I slowly nodded. “Mum had gone to the shops and I was in the backyard with dad. He was mucking around…making me laugh.” I felt a tear slide down my cheek. Orlie reached out and brushed it away. “I was a toddler…this all came back to me when I saw the man who murdered him.”
Orlie’s mouth fell open, gaping at me. After a moment he closed it and shook his head. “You saw your father’s killer?”
“Yes,” I whispered, tears stinging my eyes. “I’ve seen him before.” I blinked, sending the tears down my cheeks. “It was your dad.” my voice was inaudible.
Orlie’s expression turned to shock. He stayed silent while staring at me, unblinking. 
“Orlie, I’m so sorry.” I went to release my hand from his, but he kept a firm grip on it. “He killed my dad because my mum’s a human. That’s how he got that gold star on the back of his neck.”
Orlie’s body jerked like he had suffered an electric shock. He blinked before saying, “How did you know about that?” his voice was thick with emotion. 
I bit my lip, noticing that his eyes were now black pools of anger. “Um…in the memory I had…Benedict plunged a shiny object into dad’s chest. It was a gold star,” I told him. “After dad exploded into a million sun beams, a gold star appeared on the back of Benedict’s neck.”
Orlie stood and started to pace my room. His body was rigid and his hands were white fists. I knew he was furious at what I had told him. 
“I’m sorry,” I whispered. “I shouldn’t have told you.”
Orlie spun on his heel, glaring at me. After a minute he took a shaky breath, slightly calming down. He sat beside me, his body still stiff. “We have asked him about the star-mark on his neck,” Orlie said darkly. “But he never gave a straight answer.” 
“I guess a gold star appears after taking another life?” 
“It only happens when a Falling Star is used,” Orlie answered. He held out his hand so I slid mine into his cool grip. “My parents are Elders.”
“Elders?” I asked, curious. Orlie gave a small smile. 
“They are…old. ‘Elders’ is a loose term. All you have to do is survive a hundred years and you’re automatically an Elder.” He rolled his eyes. “Elders can only be killed by a Falling Star.”
“How come your parents look younger than their actual age?”
“We stop aging at a certain age. They look in their late thirties, but are a hundred-and-seventeen-years old.” His eyes turned amused. “Many years ago mortals thought of our kind as vampires and werewolves.” He chuckled. 
“Really?” 
Orlie nodded then his face suddenly turned dark and serious. “Cali, my father needs to be dealt with.” His eyes were those black pools of anger again. “He has to pay for murdering your father.” His hand gripped mine tightly making me cry out. He released my hand immediately, clenching his hands in his lap. I rubbed my fingers while Orlie seethed in the silent room. 
“Yes, he does, but I don’t want you involved in this.” I said, coldly. Orlie looked at me, frowning. Rage showed in his eyes, but confusion was joining the party. 
“What?” he finally asked. 
“I don’t want you to get hurt…Benedict’s your dad. I can do this on my own, but you have to teach me how to kill an Elder.”
Orlie shook his head vehemently. “No!” he stood and started to pace again. “No way, Cali!”
“Orlie…” I stopped when his pacing halted. 
“We should talk to my mum,” he suddenly announced.
“Your mum?” I asked, surprised.

The next day I practically ran home from school. I was relieved it was only a block away. Mum was at work so I dumped my bag on the couch and flew up to my room. I was anxious and excited about seeing Orlie’s mum, Faith, but I was frightened. We were about to tell her that her husband was a murderer. 
I had just pulled my shoes and socks off when I was joined by Orlie. He appeared in my room without a sound and I gave a startled gasp. He grinned, amused. 
“I need to get you a bell,” I joked, pulling out a pair of black-and-silver board shorts and a thin-strapped, black singlet. 
“What for?” Orlie sat on the bed, admiring me in my school uniform. “I do enjoy seeing you in a short, pleated skirt.” His eyes glinted as his tongue ran across his bottom lip. 
I teasingly lifted the hem of my skirt up a little more, showing off my leg, and then poked my tongue out at him. I heard Orlie groan while I balled my clothing up in my arms. “I’ll be back.” 
“Hurry back,” Orlie said, chuckling.
I pulled off my uniform, throwing it into the dirty clothes basket, and tugged on my boardies and singlet. I readjusted my bra then went back to Orlie. “Are we going to talk to your mum now?” I asked, pulling my hair out of its ponytail. I felt Orlie watching me as I shook my hair out around my shoulders. 
“Yes.”
I ran my fingers through my sun-colored hair. “What about your dad?” I saw his eyes narrow.
“My father is on a business trip. He’ll be back tomorrow.” Orlie stood up and came over to me. His hands slid onto my shoulders and I felt his fingers in my hair. His eyes captured mine and I felt myself move closer to him. Orlie saw what I was about to do so he rested his forehead against mine. I sighed as my body screamed out for something more. A little voice in my head cursed at me when I stepped back. 
“We should get going.” I went to leave my room, but his strong arms circled my waist. I looked up allowing Orlie to gently kiss the corner of my mouth. 
“Hold on tight,” he whispered so softly it sounded like a breeze in the trees. He guided my arms up to his shoulders so I clamped my hands around his neck and moved closer to him; our bodies pressed together. I could smell his musky scent. “Close your eyes.” his hands slid around me, resting on my lower back. My body gave a small shudder. 
I closed my eyes and waited for him to move. When I felt his mouth against my forehead, I smiled. “Open your eyes,” he murmured against my skin. 
I slowly opened my eyes and saw his black t-shirt stretched over a hard, chiseled chest. Moving my gaze sideways I notice that we’re now standing in Orlie’s bedroom. 
“How did you do that?” I asked, stunned.
A grin spread across his delicious lips. “It’s our ability. All you have to do is concentrate on where you want to go and you’ll appear there with no sound.” 
“I can do that too?” my excited voice went up a notch as Orlie stroked my hair. “I’ll have to try that out.” the room grew silent as the upcoming situation settled on our shoulders. “What about Aurie?” I lowered my voice as Orlie’s eyes turned sad.
“She’s not here…” he said flatly. “I don’t want her involved.” He dropped his arms and turned towards the window; his back facing me. “I don’t want you or mum involved, either.” He shook his head angrily. 
I went over to him, running my hands up his back. I felt that his muscles were tense under his shirt. “I know you’re protective, and if I could deal with this on my own, I would, but I need you, Orlando.”
Orlie faced me, his body slightly relaxing. He stroked my cheek. “I like hearing you say my name,” he said, his thumb brushing over my lips. I smiled then hugged him tightly. His arms wrapped around me and he kissed my head. 

Following Orlie into the kitchen I saw Faith busying herself with menial tasks. When she saw us, a bright smile spread across her mouth. I saw her eyes flick down to my hand that was laced with her son’s. 
“Hello, Cali! I didn’t know you were visiting.” She wiped her hands on a tea towel. 
“I asked her to come over,” Orlie said. “Mum, can we talk to you about something?” I gently squeezed his hand. 
Faith’s eyebrows rose. “Oh, sounds serious.” She ran a hand over her hair. “Cali, would you like a drink? I have some cookies which I managed to save from Orlie who was demolishing them.” 
I tried to smile, but it was grim. “No, thank you.”
Faith came around the bench and gestured to the table. “Sit down kids.” She was suddenly worried. I pulled out a chair and sat down. Orlie took the chair at the head of the table and his mother sat opposite me. Her caramel eyes never left her son’s face.
I rested my arms on the polished rosewood table and waited for someone to break the growing silence. After a moment, Faith finally spoke. “What’s going on?” 
Orlie cleared his throat. “Mum…have you ever wondered how dad got that gold star on the back of his neck?” Faith glanced at me before shifting back to her son.
“He doesn’t like talking about it, but I know Benedict has his demons.” She looked at her hands before facing me. “What has he done?”
I glanced at Orlie who was watching his mother. “My dad was murdered when I was a little girl.” I felt tears stinging my eyes. 
“What was his name?” Faith asked as Orlie reached out, holding my hand. 
“It was Dharkar Blithe,” I answered in a small voice. 
Faith gasped. “Oh, dear!”
“Did you know him?” Orlie asked, looking at his mother. 
Faith covered her mouth with a hand before lowering it. “I-I grew up with Dharkar,” she said solemnly. “He lived next door to my parents. Dharkar told me about our world.” A sad smile curved her lips. “He was a good friend to me.”
“I thought Gran and Pa taught you about us.” Orlie was shocked and I saw interest light his eyes. 
“My parents wanted me to ‘live’ as humans did. I went to school and acted like mortals. Dharkar was the first person to acknowledge what I was. I could be my true self with him.” she looked at me. “He met your mum in our senior year.”
“Really?” I asked, perking up.
“Anna was a cheerleader and piqued your dad’s interest as she walked past him in the hall.” I grinned, absorbing Faith’s words. Mum rarely spoke about my dad. 
“What happened to Dharkar?” Faith asked quietly. I spent the next half hour filling her in on the memory that had hit me yesterday. As I spoke, I saw Faith’s eyes grow sad as I talked about her husband taking the life of an old friend. 
“He used a Falling Star to murder Dharkar?” Faith asked when I had stopped talking. I nodded. 
“That explains the star-mark on his neck,” Orlie mumbled. “Dad killed him because he fell in love with a mortal. He has to be dealt with.” He said ‘dad’ like it tasted sour. “He’s a murderer.”
Faith slowly nodded while staring at her folded hands. “I want you two to stay out of this.” She looked up and her eyes were full of anger. 
“Mum…” Orlie started, but stopped when Faith glared at him. I saw Orlie flinch from her razor-sharp gaze. 
I reached across the table, taking her hands in mine. “Faith, I know Dharkar was your friend, but he was my dad. I want to help in revenging my father’s death, and I’m not taking no for an answer.” I squeezed her fingers. After a moment she nodded.
“If Cali’s helping then so ‘em I,” Orlie said firmly. Faith sighed taking in her son’s serious expression. 
“Alright, but please be careful.” As Faith spoke her eyes moved from me to Orlie. We both nodded.

A few days later…
Sitting on the window seat I twirled my pen while my math book lay open in my lap. I was staring at the sky which was a kaleidoscope of baby blue, pastel pink, blazing red and golden yellow. It would soon be dark and as the time ticked by I grew more and more nervous about confronting Benedict. 
A knock on the door made me jump. “Cali, I’m going to work now.” Mum’s head poked around the door. “Sorry, did I startle you?”
“Yeah, I guess I was focused on my math.” I held up the book making mum smile. “When do you finish tonight?”
“It’s a late one, so don’t wait up. Love you.”
“Love you too.” I listened to mum go downstairs and a few minutes later I heard the car pull out into the road. I tried finishing my homework, but I was soon distracted when I felt someone watching me. Turning to the window opposite mine, I saw a dark silhouette being framed by the curtains. 
“Is it time?” I asked, closing the math book.
“Yes. Do you want me to come over?” Orlie asked.
“Nope.” I stood up and moved to the middle of my room. I closed my eyes and thought about standing in Orlie’s bedroom. When I felt his hands on my waist I knew it had worked. 
“I’m impressed,” he whispered in my ear. “That was your first time and you executed it so well.”
“Thanks,” I said looking up into his handsome face. I saw that his eyes were full of concern. I hugged him tightly. “Are we doing the right thing?” I asked against his shirt.
Orlie’s arms held me protectively against him. “Yes.” 
We headed downstairs and found Faith standing at the sink, gazing out the window. The sky had grown black and was dotted with small twinkling stars. 
“Mum?” Orlie said. Faith turned toward us and managed a tiny smile.
“Hello, Cali.” She took a deep breath then slowly let it out. “Have you had dinner, dear?”
I glanced at Orlie who was watching his mum, frowning. “I’m okay, Faith, thanks,” I replied so she nodded. 
“Mum, can we talk?” Orlie asked, moving over to his mum who looked rattled. “Let’s go into the living room.” he placed his hands on his mother’s shoulders and started to guide her out of the kitchen. “We’ll be back,” he said to me over his shoulder. 
I sat at the table in the quiet kitchen and tapped my fingers on the smooth, polished wood. I was taking in the dark-stained cupboards and stainless steel refrigerator when I was joined by Benedict who looked surprised to see me.
“Cali, I didn’t know you were visiting.” He had a coffee mug in his hand and a paper folded under his arm. 
“I just got here,” I said watching him closely as he placed the mug in the sink. I bit my lip as rage boiled inside me. I was facing the man who had made me fatherless for the last sixteen years. “I remember what you did.” I said the words before I could stop myself. 
Benedict looked at me, confused, before a dark cloud crossed his expression. “You accused me of murdering your father.” he crossed his arms over his chest. “Dharkar Blithe was a criminal.”
“A criminal?” I said outraged. “What was his crime?”
“Falling in love with a mortal. He broke a law and Dharkar needed to be punished.” Benedict looked amused as I gravitated towards him. 
“Why did you kill him? If he needed to be punished then you should’ve thrown him in prison.”
Benedict sighed, irritably. “I’m not wasting my time with this.” he went to walk past me, but I shoved him into the stove. I heard his head hit he range hood as his eyes turned dark with anger. He grabbed my arms and shook me, hard. “How dare you!” he roared in my face. “I did our world a favor by exterminating that piece of trash.” He shook me again. “You should be begging me to let you live…you’re not even a full-blood.” Tears fell out of my eyes and this made Benedict sneer. 
“Let. Her. Go!” Orlie snarled from behind his father. Benedict tightened his grip on my arms, making me cry out, and then he threw me to the floor. I hit my shoulder on the cupboard door and jarred my wrist trying to break my fall. 
“What did you say to me, boy?” Benedict growled. I lay at his feet in a heap. “She’s nothing but an abomination.” He pointed a finger at me. 
“Calista’s my soulmate,” Orlie fired back. He knelt beside me as his father chuckled menacingly, looming over us.
“Your soulmate?” Benedict spat. “You are but a boy. Don’t tie yourself to a half-blood.”
Orlie glared at his father while helping me to sit up on the floor. “Don’t call her that.” he wiped a tear from my cheek then pulled me to my feet. I noticed when he put himself between me and his furious father. 
A nasty smirk appeared on the silver-haired man’s lips. “Are you standing up to me, Orlando?”
Orlie straightened his back while looking his dad in the eye. “Yes, I am. Cali is special to me and I won’t allow you to talk badly about her.”
A silent minute passed before Benedict shifted his gaze to me. “You told him! You little bit-” he lunged past Orlie, reaching out for me. I jerked back as Orlie pushed him back. Benedict growled. “She’s a half-blood and needs to be killed! Nightfallers should reign the world!” His voice boomed in the kitchen. 
“You’re a murderer!” I yelled over Orlie’s shoulder. I cringed when Benedict’s black gaze bored into me. Before I knew what was happening, Benedict’s arm shot out, aiming for my throat. Just as fast, Orlie batted his father’s arm away causing Benedict’s body to shake with rage. 
The air crackled with tension as the men stared each other down. I thought it would go on forever, but again, Benedict’s arm shot out and his hand clamped around Orlie’s throat. Orlie sputtered and gurgled while his hands clawed at his father’s firm grip. I watched, frozen, as Benedict pulled his son towards him and pressed his lips to Orlie’s crimson mouth. 
The kiss lasted no more than two seconds and when Benedict released his grip, Orlie’s body crumpled to the floor. My body shook with fear as Benedict moved to loom over me. Before I could protect myself, Faith appeared behind her husband. I saw something odd clutched in her hand then realized what it was as she raised her arm and plunged it into Benedict’s back. 
“A Falling Star.” I quickly shielded my eyes when Benedict’s body burst into millions of tiny moonbeams. When I removed my hands I found Faith kneeling beside her son’s limp body. 
“Oh, no!” my hands flew to my mouth as tears rush to my eyes. I slowly sank to my knees as a sob rose in my throat. “Nononono!” 
“He’s dead,” Faith sobbed; her fingers on Orlie’s wrist. When our eyes met, hers mirrored my own: heartbroken and watery. 
“He can’t be…” I whispered. I gently touched Orlie’s shoulder and shook it, expecting him to open his eyes. But he stayed silent with his teardrop eyes closed. My vision faded in and out while my head started to spin. I went to steady myself, but the blackness swept me up. 

The soft pitter-pattering of rain guided me out of a deep sleep. I opened my eyes to a squint and saw a chocolate brown pillow under my head. I was lying on my stomach in a queen-size bed. It was Orlie’s bed. I could smell his musky scent on the sheet. My stomach clenched as last night hit me like a Mack truck. 
I rolled onto my back and reached towards the ceiling, stretching my arms. Tears stung my eyes. I took one last sniff of the familiar smell then climbed out of bed. I straightened the blanket before heading downstairs while smoothing out my clothes and finger-brushing my hair. 
The kitchen was empty and hazy from the dreary weather. I flicked my eyes to the place I had last seen Orlie, but it was just floor and bench. Pulling out a chair, I sat at the table and waited for Faith. I didn’t know what else to do. 
I was twiddling my thumbs when Faith appeared in the kitchen. She smiled, but it was forced and sad. “Good morning, sweetheart,” she said coming over to me. “How did you sleep?” Faith smoothed my hair with a motherly hand.
“I slept okay,” I lied, folding my hands on the table. “Where is…” tears choked me up. 
Faith sat beside me, holding my hands. “He’s resting in the sitting room. I couldn’t bear to move my son to the basement.” Her voice trembled. We were both close to tears. 
“What about my mum?” I took a shaky breath then wiped my eyes. 
“I spoke to Anna while you were sleeping. She thinks you had watched a scary movie with…with Orlie.” Her voice shook saying her son’s name. “I said you slept over after having a late night. Anna rang your school and you’re having a sick day.”
I managed a smile which vanished when I thought of Orlie. “What happened to him?” I frowned. “He was protecting me…did Benedict kiss him?” I sounded confused while searching Faith’s face for answers. 
“What did Orlie tell you about us?”
I took a few minutes to recall what Orlie had told me. “Nightfallers are born during a blue moon…they can appear without sound…and they can take life.” my eyes grew wide. “He kissed Orlie! He took his life,” I said, bewildered. 
Faith gently squeezed my hands. “I’m afraid so.”
I slowly nodded as a single tear slid down my cheek. My eyes stared absently at our hands. “Can I see him?” I murmured. 
Faith rubbed my fingers. “Of course you can.” 
I stood up and slowly made my way to the sitting room. I had never stepped foot in the room before, but I had seen it once in passing. The walls were cream, the floor was polished wood, and a six-foot fireplace sat dormant with two brown leather armchairs facing it. Bay windows showed the pouring rain outside, but my attention was claimed by the four-seater couch sitting in front of the dreary view.  

Lying peacefully beneath the windows, dressed head-to-toe in black was my soulmate. His long fingers were laced together on his chest and a maroon velvet pillow was placed under his head. Orlie’s chocolate brown hair was combed neatly, but the adorable flicks and waves cascaded over his ears. 
Tears raced to my eyes and a sob started to rise in my throat. I felt myself swaying on the spot so I lowered myself to sit on the coffee table. I leaned my elbows on my knees and rested my chin on my clamped hands. 
The tears I had been holding back surged forward with vengeance. The sob erupted while my cheeks were flooded. My eyes were blurry, but I never took my gaze off Orlie’s still body. 
“I’m so sorry…” I whispered. I reached my hands out to touch him, but I pulled back at the last second. “I should’ve done something; protected you.” I bowed my head and closed my eyes. My chest felt tight and my heart ached so badly. 
When cool hands touched me, I let out a shuddering sob. “Oh, sweetheart,” Faith said, sitting beside me, hugging me tightly. “Let it out. You’re alright.” Her voice was soft and motherly as she stroked my hair. 
When the tears dried up, I pulled away from Faith and wiped my eyes. “He shouldn’t be dead,” I said in an unsteady voice. “He shouldn’t be…”
“Calista, Nightfallers can take life…” Faith’s eyes held mine as she spoke. “Daybreakers can give life.”
I frown, staring at her confused, until Faith’s words register with my brain. “I’m a Daybreaker!” I faced Orlie’s still body, taking in his peaceful face. “What do I do?”
“Follow your heart,” Faith gently said before standing and leaving the sitting room. I stare at Orlie for a few more seconds then reach out, laying my hand on his. 
“You told me that you loved me,” I said in a low voice. “I should’ve said it back, but I ran away.” I stood up and moved closer to the couch. I bent over Orlie’s body and traced his strong jaw line with a finger. “I love you, Orlando.”
My lips gently pressed to Orlie’s crimson ones. They were tender and cool and lifeless. I scrunched my eyes closed and kept kissing him. After a minute I pulled away, scanning his face for signs of life. I sat down, hoping he’d come back to me. 
An hour passed. The rain settled into a rhythmic pitter-patter. Orlie stayed deathly still. I ran a hand over my face then went to find Faith. 
“He hasn’t woken up,” I said, finding her sitting at the kitchen table, sipping a cup of tea. “How long does it take?” I slid into a chair opposite her. 
She put the china cup down and I saw her hand slightly shake. Faith clasped her hands together before saying, “It can take minutes, hours or a day. Death is swift, but life takes time.”
“A day?” I sighed heavily. I closed my eyes and leaned back in the chair. “I can’t stay here.” I shook my head then stood up. “I’m sorry, Faith, for everything. You lost your family because of me.”
“Do not say that!” Faith stood up, coming around to me. “This happened because of Benedict. He’s the evil one.” She held my hands. “My son adores you and I can see that you adore him too. He’ll come back to us.” She hugged me tightly. 

Entering my house I heard mum moving about in the kitchen. I quickly checked my reflection in the foyer mirror and saw that my eyes were bloodshot. I knew I looked like I had been crying, but mum would just put it down to a late night. I gave my eyes one last wipe then headed towards the sounds of my mother. 
“Hey, darl,” mum said when she spotted me. “Wow! You look like crap.” She smiled as I slid onto a stool. 
“I feel like crap.” I mocked a yawn. “How was work?” I leaned my arms on the island as mum finished the washing up. 
“It was long and quiet.” She hung the dish rag on the clean plates as the sink emptied down the drain. “We had about thirty customers over eight hours. I had to keep myself awake. How was your night?” 
“It was…okay.” I wanted to tell mum the truth, but I knew she wouldn’t understand. “We watched Wolf Creek and it’s really scary. You’d hate it.” 
Mum made a face. “I don’t know how you can watch scary movies.” she shook her head while rubbing her hands up and down her arms like she was cold. “I like romance and love stories.”
I rolled my eyes making her punch my arm playfully. “What’s for dinner?” I asked as the rain petered out to the occasional shower. Mum had gone over to the refrigerator where an assortment of takeaway menus had been pinned with magnets. She perused the covers then plucked one from its frog magnet. 
“What about hamburgers?” she held up a menu with ‘Aussie Joe’s’ printed in bold black writing. 
“Sounds good,” I said, sliding off the stool. “I’m going to see if I can get some sleep.” I was being overtaken by tears again.
“Okay, darl,” mum said putting the menu on the bench. “I’m going to the shops. We’ve run out of milk and bread.”
I climbed the stairs and entered my room with a heavy heart and watery eyes. I sat on the window seat, bringing my knees up to my chest, and laying my cheek on my arms while staring into Orlie’s bedroom. 
“Please come back to me,” I whispered as his curtains danced in a cool breeze. “How can I survive an eternity without you?” the tears fell from my eyes, landing on my arms. 
As mum and I sat in front of the TV; eating overflowing hamburgers and slurping on soft drink, I felt a sudden shift in my body. The deep aching in my heart wasn’t as noticeable and the damned tears dried up all on their own. What did this mean?
After dinner, I went upstairs after telling mum I wanted an early night. I grabbed my pajamas then headed into the bathroom. I scrubbed my skin then my hair and dried myself with a big fluffy towel. 
I sat on the window seat and brushed my wet, blond hair with its saffron and primrose hues. After fighting all the tangles, I braided my hair, letting it hang down my back. Glancing at the clock radio I saw that it was seven-thirty pm. I grabbed my math book and decided to try and tackle the remaining questions. After working out one equation I closed the book, going to bed. 
A warm breeze drifted over my bare skin as I stared into the dark. I was lying on top of the covers as the air was humid and the temperature was in the low thirties. Mum had mentioned it was thirty-two Celsius. It was a hot night. 
I stretched my legs out and folded my arms over my head making my singlet ride up on my stomach. As I slowly relaxed, my eyelids closed, and I soon drifted off. 

The red digits on the clock radio flicked to three am. Something had woken me from a deep sleep. I yawned then moved my arm across the bed. My hand was resting against something hard and cool. I turned my head and squinted into the dark. I saw an outline of a person. I was contemplating turning the lamp on when the object moved. A cool hand held mine; long fingers lacing with mine. 
Tears immediately jumped to my eyes.
“Cali…” his velvety voice tugged at my heart. 
“You’re here! You’re breathing!” I whispered. 
Orlie rolled onto his side, his arm snaking around my waist, and he pulled me closer to his body. His tender lips found my shoulder and they slowly moved up to my neck, stopping on my temple. 
“You brought me back to life,” he murmured in my hair. I couldn’t answer. I sobbed while clinging to his shirt. His strong, protective arms cradled me while I cried against his chest. 
When my sobs finally ceased, Orlie kissed my head before moving his mouth to my ear. “I love you, too,” he whispered. “I always will.”


DESTINY
By: Cindy Bartolotta
©2013 by Cindy Bartolotta
He knew from the sound, that the batter hit a home run. It had that certain THWACK to it, more than just a normal CRACK. It was how the bat resonated when the tempered ash met leather. Peeking through the worn knothole in the back fence, he was right. The ball gracefully arched, hung in the air, then dropped with amazing speed into the outfield bleachers. The crowd went wild, especially the man who held up his hand, clutching the ball like it was a huge diamond.
It didn’t matter to the boy that the team was Class A and considered sub-par, many of the players were local boys and most everyone in town supported them. Tickets were not very expensive, but sometimes even twenty-five cents was too much for him.
‘Bottles’ Steadway watched every home game, though most were from the outside of the fence. He and the other veteran ‘wall rats’ were as well versed in team statistics and baseball rules as the players and coaches.  Unfortunately, they were the only ones who knew it. Seeing a game from inside the fence was a rare treat.
Born twelve years earlier, an only child, his given name was Ralph Waldo Steadway. His mother, a school teacher, named him after the poet Emerson, not realizing she doomed her son to being called Ralphie or Wally. Given the choice, he preferred Wally. That name blessedly lasted until he turned eight. Then the townspeople dubbed him Bottles, because he was always scrounging around for empty glass soda bottles to return for the few cents deposit. He took a fancy to the new moniker, proud that he was not only earning a meager personal income, he was helping keep the town clean by clearing out litter.
Micah Carson, the town’s banker, once asked Bottles about the vast fortune he amassed, offering to open a savings account for the boy.
Politely declining, Bottles explained he reinvested some of his money.
Micah nearly choked on his beer when the boy told him what he invested in.
With wide-eyed innocence, Bottles answered, “the Raytown Raccoons. What else would someone invest in?”
The boy had it figured to a science. An outfield bleacher seat cost twenty-five cents. At the rate of two cents per bottle, he needed to find thirteen bottles per every game he wanted to see from the inside. You would think he found every last bottle in town. It was easier than it sounded, because out in the mid-west, it got mighty hot and dry during the summer. Everyone drank sodie-pop and after a while, he had a regular, exclusive clientele. 
Yes, life was good for Bottles, until he turned ten. Then one of those life-altering events happened. You know, the kind of life event that becomes a movie plot. In one brief week, his world turned completely upside down.
His mother had severe stomach pains and went into the hospital. They ran a few tests and discovered her appendix was inflamed. They operated, a routine surgery they said, but her appendix ruptured and she died from blood poisoning.
Bottles couldn’t understand that. They ran tests. They knew what was wrong. They operated. They were doctors. How could his mother die? She had always been so healthy.
Being healthy had nothing to do with it, his dad explained. Appendicitis happens. Think of it like a tire. It could run for a long time, with no problems, but you overinflate it and BOOM, it explodes.
That analogy, the boy understood, having several bicycle tires blow up on him.
So, in a rare summer rainstorm, Bottles stood dutifully at his father’s side with the other townsfolk while his mother was lowered into the ground. Afterwards, the church ladies delivered pot-luck covered dishes to the house along with an urn filled with strong, hot coffee. Guests came and went, all stopping to offer their condolences. He mumbled a few words, but was overwhelmed by everything.
Later that evening, after everyone was gone and the house straightened, father and son sat at the kitchen table staring at the empty chair. Neither spoke to each other. Neither knew what to say. Bottles eventually went to bed, leaving his father sitting next to a jug, half-full of moonshine.
When the boy woke the next morning, the jug was empty and his father gone. Bottles wasn’t concerned, because his father sometimes disappeared for days at a time. The family had an understanding.
This time, however, it was different. Conrad Steadway was now gone for a week. Bottles became worried. He rode his bike to the factory where his father worked. He was shocked to find the parking lot empty. He wondered where all the cars were. He pedaled to the guard’s hut, happy to see Stan Majors still on duty.
Stan greeted the boy with, “so sorry about your mom, Bottles. She was a good woman.”
“Where is everyone?” he blurted out.
“Didn’t your dad tell you? The factory was sold last week. New owners came in and shut her down. Dang near the entire town is out of work.”
Bottles sped away, not even hearing what Stan called out to him. 
The boy pedaled hard down the black topped driveway, then onto the dirt road. The wind blew dust into his face, but he didn’t notice the stinging from the sandy soil. “Why didn’t you tell me, dad?” he called out, eyes filled with tears. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
He wasn’t paying attention where he went. He only stopped because he reached the shore of the lake. They still called it a lake, even though it was nothing more than a wide depression of cracked dirt. Far out, in the very center, was a shallow puddle of water. Mosquitos buzzed over it. And, bordering the puddle were a few sparse blades of grass.
Bottles leaned over the handlebars of his bike and sobbed—deep gut wrenching, soul cleansing sobs. “What am I supposed to do?” he screamed. 
He sat there, as if waiting for a sign. A sunray broke through the clouds, reflecting off something buried in the lake bed.  He let his bike fall as he marched down the shore. Kicking at the dirt, he uncovered a bottle. He shrugged, marched up the shore, and put the bottle in the basket of his bike. On his way back into town, he found a dozen more.
Glass soda bottles, it seemed, were his destiny.
He cashed them in, pocketing twenty six cents. Stopping at the store, he bought some bread and boloney, enough for a couple sandwiches. 
Later that evening, after tidying the house, he sat down with a boloney sandwich, a scrap of paper and the stub of a pencil. He felt if he wrote out his plans, they were more apt to come true. 
“Let’s see,” he mused. “Number one: find out where my dad is. Number two: find out--”
A car horn interrupted his concentration. Bottles ran out on the porch, just as a taxi skidded to a stop. A door opened and his dad emerged from the back seat.
Bottles rubbed his eyes. He couldn’t believe it!
“Hi, kiddo.”
With tears of relief, the boy ran into the outstretched arms. “Why didn’t you tell me where you were going? Why didn’t you--”
“Ahem.”
Bottled looked up. Standing next to the open door of the taxi was a tall, bleached blond woman wearing too much make-up and not enough clothes. Standing at each shoulder was a sneering teenager, each with a cigarette dangling out of their mouths. You could look at them and smell trouble. They were the kind of boys you avoided in school. They gave Bottles the once over and snickered.
Bottles looked back and forth. “Who… who are you?”
His father knelt before his son, gesturing, “This is my sister, Louise, from Pottsville.”
The pair of hoodlums coughed.
“Yes. This is your Aunt Louise and her two sons, Jimmy and Biff.”
“Why are they here?”
“Harrumph. Well I never,” Aunt Louise screeched.
“She’s sort of moving in while I go out of town looking for work. I got a line on another factory job about fifty miles from here.”
“Why not just take me and we could move?”
He stood and leaned into the taxi. “Don’t leave,” he told the driver. “I’ll be riding back with you.” 
Louise marched onto the porch and into the house. Her sons both glared at Bottles before following her, letting the screen door slam behind them.
“Dad…” Bottles started. “This isn’t right.”
Conrad gestured to the tree swing out in the yard. “I know you don’t like this, son. I know I should have talked to you, but when the factory—“
“I already know about it.” 
His dad looked down, his shoulders slumping. 
“Send them home, dad. We can survive.”
Conrad shook his head. “I can’t. Louise is staying here. Her husband left her and she has nowhere else to go. She’s going to stay here while I work. It’ll just be for a month or so… until I get some money saved.”
Bottles nodded. “Sure dad.”
He looked into his son’s eyes. “I want you to promise you’ll behave. Don’t upset her. I swear I’ll come back.”
Yeah, dad. I promise.”
One of the bullies yelled from the porch, waving Bottle’s uneaten sandwich. “There’s no more boloney. I’m hungry.”
His brother yelled, “Where am I supposed to sleep?”
Conrad squeezed his son’s shoulder. 
After brief instructions, Conrad packed a bag and rode off in the taxi.
Bottles waved, but as soon as the taxi rounded the bend, Louise dug her cheap fingernails into the boy’s shoulder and ushered him into the house.
And, thus, Bottles fate was sealed.
CHAPTER 2
	For the first week, life was pretty much the same for Bottles. Oh, he had added chores, but his free time was his own. He still rode around every day and gathered the empty bottles, stopping to cash them in before pedaling home.
	He whistled as he pulled into the yard, but stopped and stared at a box of his belongings on the porch. He hopped off the bike and ran inside. The house was in total disarray. 
	“What’s going on?” he demanded.
	“Just a little rearranging.”
	“Why is some of my stuff on the porch?” he gestured.
	“Oh, that,” she glanced at her sons, snickering on the steps. “That’s just some stuff that got broken in the shuffle.” 
	Bottles looked back and forth from his aunt, his cousins and the box. 
	“Oh no. What have you done?” He ran between the brothers blocking the stairs. He stopped in the doorway of his room. It was nearly empty. All his belongings piled in boxes in the hall; the bedroom floor littered with torn autographed posters from the Raccoons. His eyes filled with tears as he gently picked up the scraps of cardboard. 
	“What’s the matter Ralphie?” Jimmy taunted, kicking at the toy stuffed raccoon.
	Bottles looked up. “Why?”
	“I want this room. I don’t want to share a room with Biff.”
	“Why didn’t you just ask?”
	“That’s no fun.”
	Bottles face went red. He dropped the priceless pieces of cardboard and tackled his cousin, knocking him to the floor. Straddling his opponent, Bottles pounded his cousin.
	“Mom! Mom! He’s hurting me,” Jimmy cried as Biff doubled over with laughter.
	Louise bounded up the stairs taking a second to survey the situation. She ran into Bottle’s room and physically pulled her nephew off her son.
	“Get your stuff out of here,” she ordered.
	“Where am I supposed to sleep?”
	“Doesn’t matter to me,” she shrugged. “You can move into the attic or the cellar. I don’t care.  Just clean out this room.”
	She put her arms around her sons and the three of them went downstairs.
	Bottles shut his door and walked around staring at the damage. “Oh dad, he didn’t even bother to take the thumb tacks out. He just ripped my pictures off the wall.” Gently, he pulled out the tacks and salvaged what posters he could. He picked up the torn scraps from the hall and added them to the pile.
	It took most of the evening, but he managed to get everything into the attic. He didn’t have a lot, but it took time maneuvering up the narrow stairway. 
Satisfied the room was empty enough for Jimmy, Bottles went down for supper. 
The other three were still eating as he slid in at the table. Their plates were piled high with food. His was empty. 
	He looked around. “Where’s my food?”
	“You weren’t here. The boys didn’t think you were hungry, so they ate yours.”
	“But you told me to clean out my room.”
	“MY room,” Jimmy corrected.
	“You know what time supper starts. Surely you don’t expect me to cook two suppers a day just because you’re not on time, do you, Ralphie?”
	“No ma’am. I guess not.” he mumbled. “Is there any boloney left?”
	“I don’t know,” she spooned at the pile of mashed potatoes.
	Biff called out. “I think I finished it for lunch.”
	Shoulders slumped, Bottles made his way to the kitchen. He managed to scrape enough peanut butter from the bottom of the jar to coat a slice of bread. The jelly jar was empty, but he found a browned banana, that he sliced onto his sandwich. 
He glanced up at the clock. It was barely seven, but he decided to go to bed.
Passing through the dining room, Jimmy called out to him. “Hey Ralphie. Did you get everything of yours?” He wrapped his hand around the pocket of his jeans and shook it. 
Bottle’s eyes opened wide.
Louise screeched, “What’s that noise?”
Jimmy laughed as his cousin ran upstairs.
Sounds echoed from the attic, followed by footsteps running down. Bottles ran outside and tore into the box on the porch. A minute later, he ran back inside to confront his cousin. 
He put the baseball holder on the table. The base was broken and the ball missing. Hands on his hips, He demanded, “Where’s my baseball?”
Jimmy innocently turned to his brother. “Was that a baseball we were kicking around in the yard?”
“Gee, I think so.” Biff turned to Bottles. “Was it valuable, Ralphie?”
Fighting to hold back the tears, he answered through gritted teeth. “To me it was.”
“Well, I think it’s outside somewhere.”
“Where’s my money?” 
Louise looked up. “You had money and I’ve been buying food for you?”
“Jimmy,” Bottles demanded, “Where’s my money?”
“Are you accusing me?”
“Yes. If you broke the case to get the baseball, then you took my money. It’s in your pocket.”
“This is my money.”
“Aunt Louise, please tell him to give me back my money.”
“Jimmy, give him back his money.”
“I don’t have it.”
“It’s in his pocket. I had seven dollars and eighty-seven cents. Check it out, Aunt Louise.”
“Jimmy—put the money on the table.”
Jimmy pulled out everything in his pocket: a pack of matches, a pocketknife, two crumpled one-dollar bills and eighty-seven cents in change. Louise counted it and looked at Bottles.
Biff, standing off to the side, pulled the corner of a five-dollar bill out of his pocket. He nodded and smiled at his brother.
“You shouldn’t go around accusing people of theft without proof. Apologize.”
“No! I know he took it.” Bottles spun around and ran out of the house, letting the old screen door slam loudly against the wood frame. He stopped at the end of the porch and looked around. He wondered how he was going to find his signed baseball. 
Most of the grass had died away leaving large patches of dirt. He spotted the ball near the drainage ditch by the shed. He jogged over to it. And stared. His once mint condition, autographed ball laid at his feet. It was scuffed, dirty, and most of the names were unreadable. He gingerly picked it up and tried to wipe the dirt off the scratched leather.
He glared at the house, his face contorted with anger and rage. “I hate you! I hate all of you!”
Bottles put the ball in the box with his other broken treasures and slowly walked through the house, stopping downstairs long enough to get his broken ball holder. He carried the box upstairs to take it to the attic. 
At the top of the steps blocking his way, Jimmy and Biff doubled over, howling with laughter.
Bottles glared at them. Even though they were older and taller than him, and outweighed him by a hundred pounds, they were smart enough to step aside. 
Bottles opened the attic door, set the box on the steps, then turned and locked the door from the inside. 
On the other side of the door, Jimmy pointed to the lock and whispered in his brother’s ear. They had one more surprise planned for their cousin.
CHAPTER 3
	It took half the night, but Bottles rearranged the attic into a comfortable room; quite spacious, in fact. It was hot, of course, but by opening both the front and back windows, there was a pleasant breeze.
	Around two in the morning, Bottles had to go to the bathroom. It took a few seconds to get his bearings. He tiptoed down the steps, not wanting to wake up anyone. He turned the door knob and pushed. The door didn’t open. He pushed again. Still the door didn’t budge.
	He scratched his head, then he knew. 
	“Jimmy,” he hissed, “unlock the door. Jimmy? Can you hear me?”
	On the other side, he heard the brothers’ stifled laughter. 
	“Biff? I know you’re there too. Unlock the damn door.”
	Neither boy made an effort to let their cousin out.
	With clenched fists, he pounded on the door, screaming, “Unlock this door! Jimmy, I’m gonna kill you. Let me out! Let me out!”
	Louise, wearing a frumpy cotton robe over her nightgown, stumbled into the hallway. Her hair was in rollers and she had green beauty mud smeared on her face.
	“Let me out! Jimmy, unlock the door.” Bottles kept pounding.
	“What is going on around here?” she screeched in her soprano voice.
	The boys spun around, swallowing their laughter. “Uh, nothing, ma. Nothing is going on.”
	Biff slipped behind his brother and unlocked the door.
	“Aunt Louise? Make them unlock the door! I can’t get out. I have to pee.”
She marched to the door and opened it. Bottles fell forward onto the floor, striking his head on the baseboard. She examined the doorknob. 	
“There’s nothing wrong with this.”
“It was locked. I heard the bar slide out.” He turned to his cousins. “Someone locked me in.”
“I’m beginning to think you moving to the attic was a bad idea. We’ll talk in the morning.”
	Needless to say, Bottles didn’t sleep at all. He spent the rest of the night repacking his belongings to move into the cellar. He didn’t even bother waiting for morning. Once he was finished packing, he went down to the cellar to look around. 
	It wasn’t as bad as it sounded. The cellar wasn’t like a dungeon with dripping water, barred gates and thick, stone walls. It was rather clean. The previous owners had started building a secure room in case a tornado touched down. Bottles helped his dad finish it. The walls separating it from the rest of the cellar were solid. The door locked both from the inside and outside. It had plenty of shelving, a chaise lounge he could use as a bed, and it had a private outside entrance. There was even an old refrigerator.
	On the other side of the cellar was the laundry area. There was also a toilet, the laundry sink and a hose rigged up as a shower. He had his own private bathroom.
	Bottles moved some boxes from the secure room into the other side of the cellar, opening space for his stuff.
	He stood, hands on his hips, and admired his handiwork. Nodding appreciatively, he was satisfied with his new bedroom. His only dilemma was to keep his cousins out of the cellar.
	He looked around and spotted the big rat traps his dad had hanging on the wall by his tools.
	Yep. Those will do, he thought, taking the three traps down. He set them around the cellar floor on the outside of his room. If nothing else, Bottles was excited about his move and his plan to keep his hoodlum cousins out of the way. 
	On his way upstairs, he glanced at the washer and dryer and sobered. By prefabricating the story about rats to keep them out of the cellar, he probably would be stuck doing their laundry.
	Bottles went straight to the attic and moved his boxes. It took him eight trips to move everything. Afterwards, he took a shower and dressed in clean clothes.
He slid into his chair at the dining room table for breakfast. Aunt Louise made bacon and eggs, but divided the bulk of the food among her and the boys. She slid an egg and two pieces of bacon on the plate for him.
With only a peanut butter and banana sandwich since breakfast yesterday, Bottles was hungry. He ate every crumb of food, washing it down with a glass of cold milk.
“Ralphie. About last night,” his aunt began.
“Yeah,” he mumbled, feeling the food drop into his stomach like an iron tire rim in the lake. “It was all my imagination.” 
She looked at her two sons. “It seems the boys played a practical joke on you. They confessed they locked the door from the outside so you couldn’t open it.” She looked at her sons. “Tell Ralphie you’re sorry.”
“We’re sorry, Ralphie.” The boys mimicked.
“Yeah,” Bottles mumbled.
“But you did make a lot of noise…”
“Don’t worry, Aunt Louise. I already moved into the cellar.”
She looked surprised. “When? I didn’t hear anything.”
“Maybe that’s because the noise you heard wasn’t made by me.” He pushed away from the table. “May I be excused?” 
She nodded. 
He ran out to the kitchen, but poked his head around the corner. “Do we have anymore peanut butter?”
	“Why?”
	“I need to bait the traps. They’ve been triggered.”
	“What traps?” she asked slowly.
	He shrugged. “Just the rat traps in the cellar. If there’s no peanut butter, I can use cheese. They’ll go after either one.” He turned and ran outside, before she could comment.

CHAPTER 4
Bottles pedaled into town, whistling in rhythm to the spinning tires. He was happy to get away from his family. It had been several days since his last soda-bottle pick up and he was anxious to get back to work. He had zero savings now that his cousins stole his meager stash of cash. He stopped in the yard of his first client, Sam Black.
Sam was rocking in his favorite chair, expending as little energy as possible, gently fanning himself with an old church tri-fold paper fan.
“Hi Mr. Black!” 
“Where’ve you been? I thought maybe you made enough money to retire and that you didn’t want to bother with us po’ town folk anymore.”
“No, sir,” Bottles laughed. “That’ll never happen. Do you happen to have any empties for me?”
“As a matter of fact, I do, boy.” Sam handed him a burlap sack.
Bottles counted the empties.
“Wow! Seven. Thanks, Mr. Black. I’ll return your bag on my way back.”
The boy rode away and could only make four more stops before heading to the bottling plant.
Jon Flanders, shift supervisor, counted the bottles, thirty-one total, and deposited sixty-two cents into Bottles’ hand.
“Good job, son,” he called after the boy.
Bottles waved. “I’ll be back in a little while.”
By the time the boy finished hitting all his customers, he turned in a whopping seventy-three bottles. Happy with earning a dollar and forty six cents, Bottles made a couple stops before heading home.
The first stop was to Myer’s Hardware store. The bell above the door jingled every time someone opened it.
Sitting behind the counter, Bernie Myers was fanning himself.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Myers.”
“Hello, Bottles. What can I do for you? I don’t have any empties for you.”
“No sir, that’s not why I’m here. My dad has an account here, right?”
“That’s right. And it’s all paid off.”
“I need to purchase a padlock, but I was wondering if you could put it on my dad’s account and I’ll pay for it in a few days.”
“A padlock?”
“Yes, sir.”
The old man nodded. “I can do that for you, son.  What size do you need? I have three: small medium and large.” Bottles followed Mr. Myers to the display.
“I guess the medium one will do.”
Back at the counter, the owner put the lock in a bag. Pulling out his ledger, he turned to the ‘S’ page and made a notation. “That’ll be nineteen cents plus tax, for a total of twenty cents.”
“Yes sir. I’ll take care of it as soon as I can. Thank you, Mr. Myers.” Bottles hopped on his bike and headed to Toth’s Foodmart.
He made a few selections and headed to the checkout. 
“Hello Bottles,” Jake addressed him at the checkout line. “We have boloney on sale this week,” he commented as he wrote everything on his pad. Wetting the pencil lead on his tongue, he added the figures.  “That’ll be forty seven cents.” He packed the food in a paper sack, carefully putting the bread on top.
The boy counted out the coins and handed them over. 
Outside, he loaded his groceries in the basket of his bike, pedaled to Sam Black’s house to drop of the burlap sack, and then headed home. 
He walked his bike around the side of the house. Opening the outside metal hatch door to the cellar, he put his sack of groceries on the steps and closed the door. Running around to the front, he went down to the cellar and retrieved the sack. He put his precious supplies in the fridge in his bedroom and made sure to lock the outside door, using the new padlock. 	
Grabbing his baseball glove, he locked the bedroom door and ran upstairs. 
“Bye, Aunt Louise.” 
By the time the screen door slammed, he pedaled halfway down the road.
CHAPTER 5
	Bottles enjoyed meeting up with the other wall rats. They chatted and shared a bag of popcorn, but once the game started, they were all business. Someone passed out hand-drawn paper scorecard. The group was ready.
	By the bottom of the ninth, the score was zero-zero. The game went into extra innings. The Raccoons scored the winning run in the twelfth.  The fans went wild.
	Realizing the time, Bottles headed home.  He knew Aunt Louise was not going to be happy.  Sure enough, she was waiting for him.
	“Where have you been?”
	“At the baseball game.”
	“How can you afford a ticket?”
	“We all watched from outside the fence. That’s free.” He hastily added. “I’m sorry I missed supper. It won’t happen again.”
	“That’s for sure. Get to bed,” she pointed her bony finger towards the cellar door. “No supper for you.”
	“Yes, ma’am.” He stopped. “Aunt Louise, can I have a slice of cheese to set the rat traps?”
	“Make sure you only take one slice.”
	“Yes, ma’am.”
	He skedaddled to the cellar, unlocking the door to his room. Once inside, he unlocked the outside entrance, pulled his bike inside and secured the hatch door. Then he went to work setting the traps. He was sure the threat of rats would keep everyone upstairs. Then he locked his door.
	He made a sandwich of bread and boloney and settled back in the chaise lounge. While he ate, he looked around for a new spot to hide his money.  He knew there were a couple loose bricks min the wall. He decided to hide it behind them, until he found a better place. 
With a full stomach, Bottles fell asleep, dreaming of the Raccoons.
The next morning, he awoke early. Making sure everything was locked up, he went upstairs. He nearly tripped over a basket filled with dirty clothes. Bottles shook his head. He knew doing the laundry was part of the price for creating the rat problem. Shrugging, he dumped the first load in before heading outside to mow whatever grass still grew. 
Opening the garage doors to get the push mower, his eyes opened wide. The fender of his dad’s candy apple red ’57 Chevy was dented and the paint scraped. He looked toward the house as his eyes filled with tears. “You bullies. You have no respect for anything!” 
He touched the damaged vehicle. “What’s dad going to say when he gets home?”  He yelled to the wind, “Come home, dad, come home!”
He had part of the lawn cut, but stopped to swap the loads of laundry, putting the wet ones in the dryer. Seeing no one else was up, he made himself a PB&J sandwich and went to finish mowing. On the far side of the property, he found tire ruts leading directly to a tree stump, which had streaks of red on its side.  “What did those idiots think was going to happen to the stump when they hit it with dad’s car?” he mumbled. “I hate them, dad. I hate them! Why did you make me promise to listen to them?”
He shook his head, finished cutting the lawn and hosed off the mower. 
Back inside, he put the last load in the washer along with his sweaty clothes and ran upstairs to take a shower. No sense in letting them know I can shower down here, he rationalized. Then they’ll never let me upstairs.
He just finished drying when one of his cousins pounded on the door.
“Mom—you in there?”
“No, it’s me.”
“Open the door, squirt. I have to piss.”
“I’ll be done in a minute.”
“Open the door now!” Jimmy pounded. “Now, I said.”
Bottles opened the door wearing only his briefs. He barely had time to grab his clothes before his cousin pulled him out and slammed the door shut. The noise, of course, woke his aunt, who stumbled into the hallway. Though her eyes were barely open, she wasted no time chastising her nephew.
“Ralphie—how dare you run around in your drawers? Have you no dignity? Get dressed.”
“Jimmy kicked me out of the bathroom. I was taking a shower.”
“Why would he do that?”
Bottles just shook his head, dressing on his way downstairs. He stopped long enough to make another PB&J sandwich, then went to his room. As soon as the last load of clothes came out of the dryer, he got his bike and rode into town.
After cashing in his accumulated empties, he headed to the stadium for the game. At the wall, he talked to several friends about his dilemma. Though none of their suggestions would help him, he felt better venting his frustrations. 
CHAPTER 6
This routine went on for another week. By getting up early, he avoided any confrontations with his family.  
But, and you know there is always a but in any situation, while in town, Bottles spotted his dad’s ’57 Chevy on the street. He was happy to see his aunt drove and not his cousins. 
He was returning the last of the bottles for the day when Jimmy and Biff spotted him. They watched with interest as Jon Flanders put the coins in his hand. 
Flanders saw Bottles’ nervousness.
“What’s wrong, son?”
Bottles shook his head, but glanced outside.
“Them?” Jon gestured.
“Yeah.”
“Who are they? They look like shady characters to me.”
“They’re my cousins. Dad left them living at home.”
He put a fatherly hand on the boy’s shoulder.  “Are they bothering you?”
“Nothing that I can’t handle, sir…right now anyway.”
“You let me know…”
“Sure, Mr. Flanders.” 
Bottles got on his bike, but the cousins blocked his way. Flanders watched as they pulled the boy off the bike. While one held him, the other shoved his hands in the boy’s pockets, pulling out his precious pennies.
They laughed as Bottles began to cry. Humiliated, he pedaled away.
At home, the scene was even uglier.  Aunt Louise sat him at the table demanding to know where he stole the money from.
“I… I didn’t steal it. I earned it from my… my job. I have a part time job.”
“Who’d give you a job?”
“It doesn’t matter who. I have one and I have to do it every day.”
“We’ll see about that.” She turned to her sons. “Boys, I think it’s time you entered the world of finance.”
While they discussed the boys finding a job, Bottles ran out and rode into town. With school starting in a few days, he decided to go to as many games as he could. Yet, as much as he loved the team, his heart wasn’t in it. He lasted to the seventh inning and left, slowly riding back home.
Had he stayed, he would have seen the grand slam that sailed over the fence right into his friend’s glove. Not only that, he would have been invited inside the stadium along with the other wall rats. 
He pulled his bike into the cellar and went to bed.
It was not every day the Raccoons made the playoffs with home-field advantage for the first games. Because of that, the first day of school was delayed. 
Back at home, the cousins came up with a novel way to earn money. Bottles would do the work, and they’d take it from him. Bottles figured as much, so as soon as he finished his chores, he headed into town.  After cashing in the first batch of empties, he headed to Myer’s Hardware.
“Hi, Mr. Myers. I’m here to—“ Bottles stopped talking. Sitting on the counter was a baseball holder with an autographed ball inside it. “Wow!”
“Nice, huh? The team is giving this away along with these.” The man showed the boy an album of autographed team photos. ”There are four of these, that stuffed raccoon over there, and a few other things.”
“How do you win them?”
“It’ll be drawings of ticket stubs. Are you going to the game?”
“I’d sure like to, but…”
“Say Bottles—I didn’t see you in the stadium on Tuesday. Weren’t you at the game?”
“I was there. In the stadium? No, I was outside the fence.”
“It’s a shame you missed catching that grand slam home run ball. Jack Marshall caught it. Then everyone that was outside was invited inside. Why didn’t you come inside? I know you love the team.”
Bottles lowered his head. “I’ve been having some problems at home since dad left. Guess that happened after I left the game.”
“You dad walked out on you?”
Bottles looked up. “Oh, no sir. He went out of town to look for work.”
“Who’s looking out for you?”
“My Aunt Louise is there. But so are her two sons.”
“Tell me what’s going on, son. Start at the beginning.”  He gestured to a chair behind the counter. 	
And so, Bottles revealed the ugly details of life with his surrogate family.
“You listen to me, son. There are laws against what they are doing to you.”
“But—”
“No buts. You let me deal with them.” He glanced at the autographed baseball. “You do know the manager of the Raccoons, don’t you?”
“Yes, sir. Joe Kiski. He used to play in the majors. I only saw him once when I tried to get my ball signed. But he was busy.”
“Joe is my brother-in-law.”
Bottles’ eyes opened wide. “Really?”
Mr. Myers nodded. “Let me make a few calls.”
“Wow. Your brother-in-law.”  Bottles shook his head. He put his hands in his pockets. Feeling the change, he remembered why he was there. “Oh, Mr. Myers. Here’s my money to pay for the padlock. I almost forgot.”
The owner pulled out the ledger and marked the charge entry paid. As he was putting it away, he spotted the familiar red ’57 Chevy driving by.
“Bottles—I thought you said your dad was out of town.”
“He is.”
“Then who is driving his car?”
The boy ran to the window. “My cousins. They’ve already dented a fender. They’re looking for me—to steal my money again.”
“Do either of them have a driver license?”
“I don’t think so.”
He picked up the phone. “Mabel? Ring up the police chief will you?” He hung up the receiver.
“What are you gonna do?”
“Don’t you worry none.” The phone rang; Bernie answered. “Hey Bill. A couple of young hoodlums are driving Bottles’ dad’s car. No. no license. They’re his cousins, but I doubt they have permission. Pull them over will you? Great.”
“Are they going to be arrested? They sure deserve it, but what will Aunt Louise say?”
They watched as the police chief flagged the car down to stop.  Both boys got out of the vehicle. Bottles and Mr. Myers could see there was an argument going on, but couldn’t hear. Sure enough, after a couple of minutes, the chief escorted the boys to the town’s jail. 
“They sure don’t look happy,” Bottles observed.                                
“No they don’t,” Bernie chuckled.
Bottles looked at the clock. “Oh, I’m late. I have to go, Mr. Myers. Thanks for having them arrested.” Bottles laughed.
“You’re welcome son. And Bottles, don’t worry. Everything has a way of working out.”
“Yes, sir.”
When the boy left, Myers picked up his phone again. “Mabel? Connect me to Joe Kiski over at the stadium.”
CHAPTER 7
	He saw Aunt Louise walking down the road. He stopped next to her.
	“Aunt Louise? Where are you going?”
	“Into town.”
	He shrugged. “Why not take dad’s car?”
	“Harrumph. Too nice a day. Thought I’d walk.”
	“Okay. See you later.” 
He rode away, but she called to him. “Have you seen my boys?”
“No ma’am. I finished my job and was coming straight home.” 
“Make sure you do that. And do the laundry.” She turned around.
He shook his head. “Laundry again? How do they dirty so many clothes?”
As he turned into the driveway, Bottles decided he’d better lock his bike away every time he was home. He realized if his cousins were grounded, the bike would be the first thing they’d come after.
He wheeled the bike down the steps and closed the hatch door. He ran inside to the cellar. Locking the hatch door from the inside, he hid his money, tossed in a load of laundry and went upstairs to shower. He figured he had roughly half an hour before they’d return, providing the chief let them out.
When he was finished, he looked in the fridge. His aunt had made a roast, but Bottles knew better than to eat any of it. Instead, he made a boloney sandwich and headed to the cellar. After swapping the load of laundry, he went back upstairs with a book and sat on the porch. 
Sure enough, the red ’57 Chevy pulled into the driveway. Aunt Louise did not look happy. Neither did his cousins. 
Stomping up the porch steps, Aunt Louise stopped long enough to tell him to put that book away and that supper would be ready in fifteen minutes. Then she turned to her boys and ordered them inside.
During dinner, someone knocked at the door. Bottles opened it. 
“Mr. Myers? Come in.”
When Louise saw it was a man, she ran her fingers in her hair, pinched her cheeks, and shifted her breasts for maximum exposure.
“Who is it, Ralphie?” she screeched.
“It’s Mr. Myers from the hardware store.”
“How nice of you to visit.” She placed a hand on her hip and practically shoved her bosom in his face. 
He stepped back. “Actually, I came to ask Bot--, I mean Ralph, if he would help me tomorrow.”
“Oh,” she screeched again, “Is this about his job?”
“No, ma’am. I was just wondering if he could help me carry a few boxes.”
“Sure I can, Mr. Myers. Be glad to.”
“Thanks. Oh,” he reached into his jacket pocket. “I also wondered if you and a couple wall rats would like a few tickets to the first playoff game against the Madison Muskrats tomorrow at five o’clock.” 
Bottles eyes lit up, just before Louse reached over and snatched them from the man’s hand.
“How very kind of you.” She counted them. “There’s only three.”
“That’s all I could get.”
“Well the boys and I thank you.”
Bottles’ eyes teared. “What about me?”
“What about you, Ralphie?” Jimmy sneered.
“Don’t worry, son. I’ll try to get another one, for you .”
“Thank you, sir. What time did you need me tomorrow?”
“Can you be at the store by four o’clock?”
He nodded. 
Mr. Myers turned. “Enjoy the game tomorrow. Be sure to keep your tickets stubs,” he added. “There’s going to be prizes. Free hotdogs, too. Be sure to be there early.
Bottles watched Bernie pull out, then ran inside. “Why do you want the tickets? You don’t even like baseball.”
“So?” The three of them laughed at the boy. “Free food and prizes. And Ralphie? After you finish helping that man carry the boxes, you come straight home. I’ll have some chores for you.
He glared at them and ran to the cellar.
~*~
Bottles arrived at the hardware store by four o’clock as requested. The bell above the door jingled when he entered. 
	Mr. Myers had a box packed on the counter. It contained the signed baseball, the album of photos and the other stuff that was on display. 
	“Would you carry that to my car, Bottles? I have something else to get. Just put it in the back seat.”
	“Sure thing.” The boy slid the box in the car and went back inside. He did not see his cousins standing across the street watching.
	Jimmy nudged his brother. They went over to the car and looked inside. Opening the door, they removed the photos out of the album and took them along with the signed baseball. They closed the door and looked around. No one saw them. They casually walked towards the stadium.
	Inside, Mr. Myers waited with a box for Bottles. “Here.”
	“What’s this?”
	“Open it.”
	The boy took the lid off the box.  “What is it?”
	“You don’t expect to be a bat boy wearing jeans, do you?”
	“A bat boy? Me?” His eyes opened wide. “I’m going to be a bat boy for the Raccoons?” He hugged the man and started crying. “No one ever did anything so nice for me. I don’t know how to thank you.”
	“You can thank me by having fun. You deserve it, Bottles. Do you want to leave your bike here?”
	Bottles sobered. “I have to be home before my aunt is.”
	“Okay. You ride over to the stadium and I’ll take the uniform and meet you there.”
CHAPTER 8
	The afternoon was perfect. At the stadium, Bottles ate as many hotdogs as he wanted and got to meet all the players, including manager, Joe Kiski. The boy was in awe, but once the game started, he was all business. 
	As games go, it was one for the record book. It was tied at zero, going into the seventh inning. Both teams had hits, but no runs. The first drawing was held after singing ‘Take me out to the Ball Game.’ 
	“Will the holder of ticket number: Section 237, seat 14 come to the main concession stand to claim your prize.”
	By then, Myers and Joe Kiski discovered most of the prizes were missing. Luckily, Joe had some extra photos in his office and the drawings went off without a hitch. The only prize not immediately available was the signed baseball originally on display. 
	Kiski had an extra one, but he was going to give it to Bottles.
	“The boy will have to wait. Who could have taken the stuff?”
	“I don’t know, Joe, but it wasn’t the boy. He was with me.”
	“We’ll have to question him.”
	“I know, Joe. I know. But wait until after the game. Let the boy enjoy himself.”
	The game continued. Eighth inning, no score. Ninth inning, no score. Tenth inning, the tide changed. The muskrats had nothing. Then the Raccoons were up. A couple of singles had players at first and second. Left fielder Jeff Smithers, stole third. The next two batters struck out. Then ‘Ranting’ Hank Rickles strode to the plate. 
He swung at the first pitch. Strike one. He swung at the second pitch. Strike two.
Bottles couldn’t contain himself. “Relax, Hank.,” he yelled out. “Relax.”
The batter smiled at the boy and settled in. He was not going to fall for another fast pitch. Ball one. Ball two. Ball three, a full count. The winning run was at third base. 
Rickles settled the bat on his shoulder and stared at the pitcher, who wound up and released the ball. It flew fast and straight. Rickles waited until the last possible second and swung. 
THWACK!
Rickles knew. Bottles knew. Everyone knew. They were on their feet. It was a home run. The ball sailed over the far wall. Smithers stepped on the home plate. Kemper rounded third and ran home. Rickles jogged around the bases, stepping squarely on home plate.
The game was over. Three zip. Game one went to the Raccoons.
Bottles, meanwhile, knew he had to get home. Not bothering to change, he hopped on his bike and pedaled as fast as he could. His other clothes were in the basket on his bike. 
He put the bike down the cellar steps and ran through the house. Locking his bike in, he hurriedly changed and looked to see what chores he had to do. He didn’t see anything, so he went down to his room and locked the door.
He heard his aunt and cousins upstairs. 
“Ralphie?” his aunt screeched.
He waited for her second scream, then went upstairs. Faking a yawn, he asked, “Who won?”
“We did,” Biff said.
“Were you here the whole time?” she squinted at him.
“No,” he confessed. “I hung around outside the back wall and watched until they sang Take Me out to the Ball Game. Then I came home. I’m sorry. I had to watch some of the game. Did you win anything?”
“No,” Jimmy slapped the table. “Wish we did.”
Bottles shook his head. “Why?”
The boy sneered at him. “Because we’d have something and you wouldn’t.”
Bottles shrugged. “Well, you don’t. I’m going to bed.” He turned and left them standing in the kitchen.
Near noon the next day, Bernie Myers and Joe Kiski paid Bottles a visit. The boy was on the porch. He waved and stood to greet them. 
“Bottles,” Mr. Myers began. “I have some bad news. There was a theft.”
“Did someone rob your store?”
“No, son. Not exactly. Someone stole the photos and the baseball yesterday. Where did you put the box?” 
His eyes opened wide. “What? How? When? I put the box in the back seat exactly like you said to.”
Joe asked, “Did you see anyone lurking around?”
“No, sir. I went back inside the store to see if there was anything else to carry. You know,” he addressed Bernie, “like you asked me to. Who would steal baseball stuff? Unless…”
Bottles stopped and looked towards the house.
Myers caught the glance. “You don’t think?” 
Bottles shrugged.
In a louder voice, Myers said, “Bottles, I’m afraid you’re going to have to talk to the police.” He held the boy’s arm.
“Wha—what? I didn’t. I wouldn’t.”
“Sorry son. You have to come with us.” Joe added.
Louise and the boys heard the noise and went out on the porch.
“What’s going on here?”
“Aunt Louise—they think I stole a baseball and some pictures.”
Jimmy nudged his brother. “So that’s where these came from? He accused Bottles. “I can’t believe you’d stoop so low to steal from your friends. You should be arrested.” 
Biff handed a bag to Bernie.
Myers opened it. Inside were the missing items. “Where did you find them?” He asked the boys.
“They were in his bike basket.”
“I see,” Kiski said. “And you’ll swear to that?”
“Yes sir. Found them last night.”
Bottles eyes narrowed, but his lips turned into a grin. “Oh really? When last night?” 
“After you went to bed.” Biff turned to Jimmy. “It was after he went to bed, right?”
“Yeah. That’s right.”
“Hmmm. That’s strange. I locked my bike in the cellar last night. My bike is locked up every night. You couldn’t have found them in the basket because they weren’t there.”
The boys looked at each other. Biff punched Jimmy in the arm. “You are so stupid.”
“Do you have a telephone?”
“Of course,” Louise said. “It’s on the wall by the cellar door.”
“May I use it?” Not waiting for an answer, Myers walked into the house. Everyone followed.
“Mable? Ring the police chief for me.”
Jimmy looked at his brother. They started to sneak out, but Joe had a firm grip on both of them.
“No you don’t, boys. You’re not going anywhere.”
The phone rang. “Bill, it’s Bernie Myers. You had better get out to Bottles’ house. I think we caught ourselves a couple of thieves.”
Joe turned to Louise. “Do you know where your brother is?”
She nodded meekly. “He sent a letter with his contact information.”
“Get it for me.”
He took the letter from her hand and picked up the phone. “Mable, ring up Hudson 67948.”
The next half hour was a blur to Bottles.
Bill Owens, Raytown’s police chief drove up in his police car, with the red light flashing. After sitting the brothers down, they confessed to stealing the baseball merchandise and revealed their plans to frame their cousin. They confessed to stealing Bottles money. They even confessed to other minor thefts that had not yet been discovered.
He drove off with the boys in the back of the police car, leaving Louise in tears.
Bottles dad called back and, after a conversation with Joe Kiski, which included a job offer, he decided to return home on the afternoon bus. 
Bernie Myers and Joe Kiski apologized to Bottles for even doubting his integrity.
Everyone left, leaving a stressed Louise and a very relieved Bottles alone at home.
The boy felt sorry for his aunt and poured her a glass of cold lemonade. “Here, Aunt Louise. Maybe this will help. Do you want a boloney sandwich? I’m going to have one.”
She looked at her nephew. “Thank you, Bottles, for the lemonade. But let me fix lunch for the two of us. You sit right here.” 
He sat at the table and watched his aunt. He wanted to say something, but words escaped him. They ate in silence. 
“Why don’t you go lay down Aunt Louise, I’ll do the dishes.” Bottles finished, then went outside to wait for the afternoon bus. When he saw his dad walking up the drive, he ran to greet him.
Life went back to normal for Bottles. He went back to collecting empties to cash in. He moved out of the cellar and back into his old bedroom. With his dad working at the ball field, the boy spent a lot more time there and eventually became a full time bat boy.
Louise became a changed woman. She moved into the small bedroom. The cousins spent time in the system for their theft. While there, they were charged with several unsolved crimes in Pottsville. 
As endings go, everyone lived happily ever after.
~*~
	The two men were quiet, then they broke out in deep laughter.	
Slapping his knee, the reporter said, “You had us going there. That was a far-fetched story. But things like that don’t happen in real life to real people.”
The executive shrugged. “Believe what you will, gentlemen, but it is the truth.” The man looked at his watch. “I hate to cut this short, but I have a meeting in a few minutes. Did you want any more pictures for your article?”
The photographer scanned through the photos he took. “I’d like a couple more with you posing over by those awards.”
The executive nodded and stood in front of the shelf filled with plaques and trophies.
“Perfect.” He took the shots. “Thanks. That should do it for me.”
“Did you have any more questions?” he addressed the other man.
“No, sir. I’m sure I have all the information I need. I’ll email you a copy of the final draft.”
The men shook hands. 
He watched out the window as the men got to their car. The photographer scanned the last shots. He did a double take. Tapping the reporter on the shoulder, he handed over the camera. The second man looked at the image, then both looked up at the man in the window. 
The executive smiled and touched two fingers to his forehead. On his way to his meeting, Ralph Steadway stopped at the shelf and straightened an empty soda bottle and a taped baseball holder containing a scraped, dirty autographed ball. He smiled and closed his office door. 

BIO:
Cindy Bartolotta hails from a small town nestled in the winding Monongahela Valley, south of Pittsburgh. A writer for years, she had two short stories published in the Tribune Review’s Focus Magazine, several entries in Metamorphosis, a literary journal 2006-2007, published by the Pleasant Hill’s Public Library, and won several minor prizes in the 24-Hour writing contest. She creates a monthly word search puzzle for the Senior Times. Most recently Cindy had a short horror story, The Jailer, published in a horror anthology, Pleasant Dreams, available at Amazon. Always writing, her debut novel, Beyond the Border, should be out this fall.
To contact Cindy, email her at synlab1@yahoo.com
Visit her blog, Traveler With an Idle Mind, at http://synlab.blogspot.com
Blurb for Beyond the Border:
After a school sponsored Halloween party, teacher Lizzie Grant returns home to find kids at the far edges of her property. Determined to chase them away before they cause mischief, Lizzie runs after them and sprains her ankle. Searching for help, she encounters a re-enactment village unlike any other.
When the on-site doctor splints her ankle, she’s unable to get a ride home and spends the night. When she awakens the next morning, she’s pain free and her injury healed. Wandering through the village, she is caught up in the Festival preparations and offers to help. After the banquet, the Festival takes a bizarre turn. Confused, she spends a second night there.
Once Lizzie discovers the truth about the village, will she be able to solve the mystery or will she be forever doomed to remain in Marsh’s Landing?


TRAPPED
By Twinkle (Sugandha) Varshney
©2013 by Twinkle (Sugandha) Varshney


What we have is all we want but we realize it only when it’s gone
What we have is enough for us but now all we can do is moan!

	Tears were rolling down my cheek to fall into void and I was speculating if they could run just as far that I do not remember that I was in pain, that I was ever wounded, that I have lost my reason to live and to breathe anymore. If I could let the inexorable pain cramming out of my fractured soul swirl into a tide of time, then probably it would stop hurting eventually. 
	I can look through their innocuous face, with my closed eyes but when I opened them I was left with nothing more than the repent and embarrassment. The vicious fact that I was the reason for all this chaos was piercing every cell of mine making me regret for being such an evil. I was like the scoundrel chameleon stepmother of the century old fairy tales who ended in her dreadful fate, a life worse than hell stuck in her own trap of uncouth moves.  
	The sugary sore memories were flushing around encumbering my heart with guilt and I was lost.
(1)
	The day I saw Angel and Little I decided to have them with me forever. The way Angel was gnawing my thumb and Little holding that doll in one of her hand and her frock with other, the innocence in their sad brown eyes was penetrating my soul screaming to me their miserable past. It seemed like after amassing the ache the misery of whole world god has created those serene placid eyes. There was a lot of pain and charm floating in them that one could not resuscitate themselves from doting them. Their poignant story had made my heart elegy and I still cannot believe the abyss these little buds have gone through in such an unripen age. After the disheartening dismal of their parents they were adopted by an old disingenuous lady who dispirited and dispelled them from every possible happiness. These fearless nascent agile kids subjugated that felonious witch and set themselves free.
	In this stride of constantly moving time every little bit of me was craving to be a mother. Those innocent veracious eyes, little playful palm, stubbornness to rule fate has always lured me. These kids have already made a kinship with me and all I wanted was to take them home to give them every happiness that they deserved but somehow have been kept away from. I wanted to make them forget their anathematized past and give them a pulchritudinous beginning for a new chapter of their life and embellish their future. Though adopting two kids simultaneously would not be easy but neither had they wanted to be set apart nor I sought to add to their miseries. I was striving for over one year now to be with them doing whatever could have been possible.
	I smiled at them and kissed their cheeks holding their tiny little fingers. Their steward instructed them and they left to pack their bags. I was called to complete the fiscal paperwork. Unable to take my eyes off their emblazing faces I turned towards the office. I have brought all the required documents as my attorney has suggested me. After completing the paperwork the superintendent gave me a handful of instructions and finally said “Congratulations! Ms. Snow, these kids are officially yours now! We hope you will take proper care of them.” 
	I could not believe finally it has happened after all this I have gone through, I was taking my kids home. To have all that I've ever wanted instantly shot down created a sick feeling in my stomach. I picked their little bags and moved at a slow pace marking my steps with the little feet of my beautiful sweet kids towards my comet all set to be a family.
(2)
	Before adopting I have shifted from my studio apartment to a three bedroom flat. I had also done a little shopping for the double doses of happiness but I needed to shop a little more especially for Little. I had rehabilitated the interior of her room to pink “She would love it” I said to myself. 
	I showed Angel and Little their room. They seemed happy though they were very quiet but change of place and eerie past experiences explained that. I made a list of their favorites so to make them feel at ease. I tried a lot to converse with them, to make them harmonize and acclimatized with the new surroundings. 
	I was preparing their bed for the night after dinner when the doorbell rang. I rushed towards the door, I knew it would be Clay, my love. I was sure he would be excited to meet the kids though he would have never imagined that there will be two of them. I was ecstatic to see his reaction, the wondering glint in his eyes when he will look at me, arraying his brows in surprise. I was sure that the kids were going to love him too.
	I opened the door and like always Clay hold my waist with his one hand and his other hand folded my arm at my back tingling his fingers around and his juicy exotic lips rested upon mine making my heart flutter. Lost in my utter excitement I entwined into him real hard and tears of joy of finally being a mother rolled down my cheeks. He kissed my cheeks and we moved towards the kid’s room. Little was sitting on the bed playing with her favorite doll managing her hairs with her soft little hands.
	“Her name is Little, isn’t she cute?” I said turning towards Clay, and to my amazement I found his eyes filled with joy. He was excited to see Little. He reached her and introduced himself to her. She smiled in the sweetest little curve I have ever seen and nodded at him without a word.
	I sat with Little while Clay went to revive up himself. I heard some noises from the other room, promising Little to be back in a tiny second I went to the other room. 
	I saw Clay yelling vociferously “who are you? Why you broke into the house?”
	Angel was quivering in fear unable to comprehend with the situation. The stiff clasp of Clay was maiming him. 
	In A flash of ire and appall gushed through me, making me screech in a raucous pitch “Clay, leave him, now!!”
	Clay looked at me startled, processing my vicious reaction he arrayed his brows at me.
	I dashed toward sobbing Angel and squeezed him in my arms canoodling his forehead trying to calm him down, assuring him everything was impeccably fine.
	I took him to his room and he composed himself in a while.
	I introduced him to Clay “Angel, meet Uncle Clay who is tremendously and awfully apologetic for his thoughtless obliviousness for not being acquainted of your presence.” I eyed Clay dejectedly in rile.
	“Hello buddy! I am exceedingly repentant for all that happened and look I have something for you that might bring back that stunning but missing smile. We are going to be great friends.” Clay said and dragged a wrapped gift out of his bag.
	Angel grabbed it and said “Thank you Uncle Clay”. He was so fervent to unwrap his gift that he has forgotten every other thing. His eyes were gleaming with inexpressible excitement. He was incessantly beaming while unwrapping his gift.
	Clay took out another gift and handed it over to Little and muttered “kids!” nodding his head wryly. He was very considerate to bring two gifts to save himself from the wrong guesses. I have not told him that I was adopting two kids so that I could surprise him, though it did not went as planned but still everything was fine.
	After resting the kids on their bed we moved to our room. I stood by the window pane glaring the dark dim sky filled with twinkling petite stars while Clay was setting the bed. 
	He grabbed my waist tickling his suave fingers on the short of my back nibbling my earlobe brushing his mellifluous velvety lips all over my neck, he asked me “where you are lost Prim (?) Is everything fine?”
	“I am feeling remarkably terrific baby.” I said sweeping my lips over his lotus eyes.
	“Clay Have you ever thought Why every bright day is followed by a small dark night (?), to let us know that even in the gloomiest mazes and the shadiest phases of life, there will always be an incandescent star to escort us towards the veracious direction and all we have to do is look after it, be in its vicinity and let it reach us.” I said gazing on the thousands of twinkling stars escaping the darkness filling the environ.
	Clay up straightened my chin and said “Prim, baby do not let some sad past ruin the beautiful today, live, laugh cause this beautiful smile is worth million and two lovable little kids are here to adsorb all your love and fill your void with their impish elfin deeds.”
	Clay was right I have to stop those flashes from ruining everything. I could never erase from my mind the deadly accident that made me lost my family my darling husband and my yet to be born baby. There is nothing that pierces a heart of a mother more than losing an unborn child. It’s been five years but feels like it was only tomorrow when we were going for the dinner and all that happened. I do not know how I make it out, escaped death… unfortunately and was anathematized to live alone and wailing for like forever.
	It’s been four years for me and Clay have been together. It was Clay who gathered the left shattered bits of me after all that and taught me to move ahead, to live, and most of all to smile. To know that you are not alone to fight and rise above in a battle always warms us escalating our potential. Faith is very prevailing, it can make us or destroy us. Clay was that support, that faith I had for this meaningless life and he gave it a meaning. I will always be in his debt for everything he has done for me.
	Finally the gaping void of losing a child also seemed about to be filled. Angel and Little were new chapters of my life and I was excited for it.
(3)
After 45 days…
	“I won’t eat cereals. I won’t eat salad. I won’t eat jam bread. I am bored of all this boring stuff. Why don’t you learn to make something else? Don’t you love us? If you didn’t have time for us then why you brought us here. You all are the same” Little yelled at me.
	“Baby it’s just………”
	“Prim bring me some new games, I don’t have any” Angel screeched utterly snubbing me which made Little giggle.
	“But Angel I have brought you two last week only” I replied.
	“Damn!! Lily is right!! You don’t even like us, you just brought us here for your amusement.” Angel said snapping the door behind as he left the house.
	I was shaken and clueless for what to do next, how to react, with my eyes filled with sour water, somehow I composed myself and whispered “Lily…….”
	But I was interrupted by her yell “Oh! Please, now what (?) aren’t you happy enough!!?” she said and followed Angel. 
	I was entirely clueless what I have done to make them hate me so much. I utterly and irrevocably loved them, I would do everything for them but the present circumstances were getting out of my control. Every pint of my splintered soul was crying to pounder them with every tiny wish they have ever dreamt of, to saturate their life with divine happiness and even more than that like they have living in a fairy tale, but life is certainly not a fairy tale or possibly I was a wicked debauched bitch. I may not have given birth to them physically but I loved them nothing less than a real mother would have. There was a very unfathomable and intense bond between us but it seemed like I need to prove myself to them that the absence of the their attachment with my umbilical cord and not giving birth to them, doesn’t mean I love them any less, that my affection for them was mundane or selfish. But they were not the same kids as they seemed when I first met them.  

	It was one of those times when I was deep into self-hatred. What I have done to my kids, I always cursed god for taking my child away from me, for escaping me from the uttermost honor of being a mother but now I was realizing I does not deserved to be one. I tried so hard even before the beginning to bring all pleasure that can lure a kid make them the luckiest of their age, to make their wish come alive before the words can shape it but I was a failure, I did nothing but hone their pain. I started doing two jobs to give them happiness but money is never enough cause our needs are endless, they grow faster than fungi.
	I was so much upset and broken, I called Clay but he had already left for work, even if he had not he would not have spoken to me, I know. I have made him hate me too. I even do not understand what made him think that I will cheat on him, that I do not want him in my life. It was so good between us but what have I done, in hardly a month I have ruined my life and made myself alone once again, the only difference being before all those who loved me were killed, and now I have killed all the love I had. Moon has always been the symbol of beauty serenity but it too has spots …spots of life, cause every living soul makes mistakes and I was no exception.
	With an absent mind I left home for the office, though I knew I would not be able to work like I have not written a word for the about to approach deadline on my broken laptop (Of course! Thanks to my kids). I was traumatized with the web of life consuming me deliberately and excruciatingly piece by piece, day and night. I was left with absolutely no hope for my life and was just trying to gather some courage from the faces of my kids who utterly hated me. But no matter how much they say they hate or despise me, I was like a puppy, bouncing back for more just so that I can be near them, loving and nurturing them.
(4)
	 “Happy birthday to you!!” 
	I was lost in the depths of dream world when I woke up chaotically with the sound of the birthday song to find myself sleeping on the floor of the living room, maybe while vacuuming all the mess up. I looked up in utter amazement to find Angel, Little and Clay with my favorite Chocolate - truffle cake. In the series of events I have forgotten my birthday but they remembered it. 
	I raised my upper eyelids widening my gaping eyes and tears started rolling out but Clay held me and said “Not today Prim! It is your day princess.” Clay kissed my cheeks and gave me a laptop. I was so pleased and elated. My laptop broke last week and I desperately needed one and at this moment it was the most apt present possible.
	The kids came to me and I knelt to hug them, they said “Love you mom, this is for you.” I got so much touched by their considerate gesture, it was surely my best birthday! My little kids have brought me something, I was so enthusiastic to open it. It was a writing software “WordsAlive– make your words come alive!” 
	“Oh! Sweeties I love you both so much” I said embracing them holding the tears of joy.
	Sometimes it is not the surprise itself that surprises us but the magic lies in being cared about, being cherished and treasured and still be loved after everything.
	But surprise is a short lived emotion not more than a blink on the radar, I did not know how long it will color my black and white life but today I will relish every single color of it.
(5)
	The submission date was approaching near and I have not written a single word yet. I was feeling blank, nowadays I was tired almost all the time as if I could never be at peace. The most difficult task was to squeeze time from my hectic schedule. I was working for almost 14 hours a day and the house chores ate the rest time. I was not getting even enough sleep. Two nannies have already left and finding another nanny was like impossible now.
	It was almost midnight, and I was lying on my stomach in my bed with the quilts drawn right over my head like a tent. I picked up the software kids have gifted me on my birthday and played the DVD. I installed it and the message flashed “enjoy your story with WordsAlive - make your words come alive”. The interface was cool and flaccid, I have written hardly 90 words when Angel and Little came shouting “Prim! We want to play game.”
	“It’s quite late sweeties, go to your bed else you would be late for school.” I said.
	“Just one game then we will go to bed please please please!!!” they said making puppy face leaving me with no choice but to say yes.
	After a series of games I was finally able to make them to sleep.
	I came back to my room so tired that my eyes were dropping and my mind was blocked. I started writing again but nothing made sense. I backspaced everything and all I can write was “The Wicked Children”
	There was a huge tornado going inside me but I was totally cool, calm and collected at my exterior. I have started losing my composure and I was repenting for the atrocious vile day when I adopted them. Sometimes I wondered how it was even possible. One minute they acts like perfect little angels and the next they were bossing me around mercilessly, ignoring my advices on any matter, or looking me squarely in the eye and swearing that they have done nothing wrong, which is nothing more than a lie. They lied to me on my face when they broke the laptop and when they manipulated Clay without the slightest wrinkle of any regret or remorse. They were one of those difficult child who can’t be mend and I was like those evil emotionless and mean stepmother who ill-treats her children.
	I was full of hatred, for myself and for everyone else as if I could never bestow them with enough, they somehow find something or the other to blame me for, they were totally insatiable. Their plutonic behavior, rudeness was wounding me irreplaceably. There are some wounds so profound, so sore that they inflict a lifelong psychological scar void of healing.
	My fingers started typing themselves pouring the immense pain stored inside my aching heart. I was suffering for a love that was not worth it.
	Finally I ended with “And she never saw them again. The End”
(6)
	I woke up with the buzzing alarm. As my routine spoke I started doing my jobs. I freshened up, brushed my teeth, cleaned the house carefully and prepared the breakfast. Sometimes the best we can do is not ponder, not wonder, not envisage, not obsess, just inhale and have faith that everything will work out for the best. I was on the self-motivation clock today. If I might have been a driver of my fate then I might have moved the chariot of time in a different direction, but no one writes their best or worst moments, moreover I loved the kids, surely this love has become quite mundane recently but I wanted to give it a new start.
	It was quite late but Angel and Little still did not came out of their room. I called them but got no reply. I went to Angel’s room but he was not there, so I went to Lily’s room afraid what had made them upset now.
	I knocked at Little’s door but as I expected there was not any reply. Finally I entered after waiting for a long while, but to my surprise the room was vacant.
	I panicked and rushed to the washroom but it was open. So I searched every petite corner of the house but they were nowhere. 
	“They must have gone to school” I mumbled to myself though I had a feeling something was not right. It is said that our mind is more inclined towards the negative aspects and that was happening with me at this moment. My every neuron was filled with baseless negative thoughts, I tried to compose myself and decide to wait till the evening and so that the time could water the fire burning the relations.
	I took an off from work as I was having a plutonic feeling of being draped in a sly web, I could never come out of moreover it could be the best time to write for the deadline, I had wasted the last night too so this day was a bliss for me.“Sometimes being alone, on your own is not so lonely”, I mumbled to myself. I went upstairs to my room to grab my laptop and start writing as soon as possible, and hopefully finish it before evening so that I am left with editing only. I moved towards my study table, in the corner towards the left but my laptop was not there. I looked for it everywhere even in the kid’s room but could not find it. 
	I was in shock, how was it even possible. The thought of last night made me tremble. I hurried towards my phone to call their friends. I called almost every person they have ever spoken to but none has seen them, at least not after yesterday.
	I called Clay but he did not responded so I left him a voice message.
	I went to the cops and told them everything but they heard it and started talking among themselves and laughing as if I was a psychotic mad person who should better be ignored. 
	Nevertheless, it really doesn't matter how high the odds are against me, for I will rise above them. I was not going to stop. I went to every possible place where I had the slightest hope of finding them. 
	It was so hard to believe that it was only last month when I found the cure of my pain, the reason to laugh once again, to live my life and laugh with a veritable smile and I lost it again.
	I was unanswerable to what might have happen…was it really the software?? Oh!! What was I thinking?? I had lost every bit of sanity but the situations were supporting it. Was I never going to see the kids again! Even this thought gave me chills, there was a blackout in front of my eyes, my breath went down, my lips got dried, and my brain got numb…  “No! I could not afford losing them! What have I done?” I said to myself almost huffing. 
	Standing in front of the mirror, I came to the harsh realization that I fell short of the paradigm of a mother. The reflection that stared back was of an evil step-mother who ate her children. The entire life of a mother is devoted in thriving her children, enduring their ever mischievous doings happily and still loving them massively and unceasingly. I had always had sumptuous dreams and high aspirations. I never noticed how hard it might be to achieve something that you really want. Most people spend their whole lives searching to give meaning to their lives and I have got everything but I made a fool of myself and lost everything in a blink just like that.
	I was lost and sad. At that moment I realized a demon is not always grilled in oven by someone else, sometimes his own karmas do the favor, my hate, and my hideous karmas have paid for me. I was locked inside my own devious hatred whose key was lost forever.
	Suddenly the window opened making me jolt for a brief second and I saw Angel and Little standing there smiling at me. I was so happy to see them, like I was when I have saw them for the first time. I hurried towards them to hug them and never let them go. The last twenty four hours have been like hell for me making me repent every single thought of mine, how I can even think all that crap. But now my kids were here and I will never let them go again ever. I rushed towards the window, amazed that their smile was getting foxier and sly. The window pane was covered with glass, I tried to push it but it was of no use. When I asked kids to help me, they started laughing. I was astonished, it was only then that I noticed that they were in my room making me confused. How was it even possible and I whispered to myself “the software”. Everything was clearer to me now, why I could not find kids, why Clay was not answering my calls, why cops were acting like I don’t exist. I felt my heart drop to the floor. What I had felt till now, the love, the care everything was just a mirage, a betrayal. I remembered what I wrote last night “And she never saw them again. The End”,WordsAlive – really made the words come alive but it was me who was lost. Every word of theirs was moving around me “You are evil! You are mean! ” everything. Now I realized the reason for making me mad, why they had gifted me with this software, why they did not let me do anything….and many other why’s…!!!
	But now it was too late, there was no way out. I was feeling hurt and broken still unsure that what cracks us more, betrayal or faith? Somehow still I was sure that there will be a day which will emblaze my soul with their love, when I will be with Clay again, when all this pain and agony will end and I just have to hold my fire till that moment come, maybe after forever…. 
	Angel shut down the windows on my face and I was forever trapped!!
                                          

Cynder and Ella
By: Amanda Alberson
©2014 by Amanda Alberson
	Cynder held his books tightly beneath his grey hoodie as the rain soaked him from head to toe. He watched as the taillights of Andy’s F150 disappeared into the morning haze. Why should this year be any different? Just because it was his senior year? Because this bullshit had been going on for over 8 years now? Because he dared to hope maybe one day his step brothers would grow up just a little? No chance. They were still self-centered, spoiled momma’s boys, and he was still the unwanted burden. The only thing he could be thankful for on this particular morning was the fact they dropped him off a few blocks closer than they normally did. He begged his dad to let him take the bus, pleaded to get a summer job so he could get his own car, anything to not have to hitch a ride with them. His father insisted he needed to stay focused on his grades so there was no time for a job, and his step mother said the bus was for people beneath them. As far as Cynder could see he was the people beneath her. While her sons attended the prestigious Tremaine Private Academy, Cynder was dropped off, often several blocks before the run down public school. While they had the finest of everything, Cynder made do with what he could get. He refused to complain to his father, who seemed blind to it all.
	Cynder’s mother died when he was five, some hospital born strain of Staph infection she picked up one night on a late shift. His father didn’t speak of her or her death very often. Cynder asked about his name when he was seven, his father looked wistfully into the air and smiled as if sharing an inside joke with the clouds. 
	“Your mother named you. We met in Arizona you know. I was hiking the Grand Canyon. I thought it would make me a man to venture into the wild and conquer the vast wilderness, in all honesty I was lost as hell when I ran across your mother. It was getting dark, and cold and I heard a strange sobbing wail from around the next bend in the trail. Unarmed, my heart about to climb through my chest I turned the corner to find the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen bent over the ashes of a fire crying. She screamed when she saw me, which scared me so bad I screamed with her. The echo of my manly screech had us both laughing so hard we couldn’t stop. 
	‘Are you okay? I heard you crying.’ 
	She dropped her shoulders and looks mournfully down at the remains of her fire.
	‘I got turned around and lost, so I decided I would camp here tonight and find my way back out tomorrow, but my fire died.’ She looked around into the darkness that fell over us like a thick star studded blanket and shivered.
	‘It’s not out, you still have some cinders here at the bottom that are hot.’ I bent down and began feeding the small embers of fire. She knelt next to me and our eyes met, I knew right then she was the only woman for me. Gentle and brave but sweet and vulnerable, I wanted nothing more than to stay there with her for the rest of our lives. When the tiny flames began to flicker to life she gasped.
	‘I didn’t think I was going to make it through the night.’ 
	‘Sometimes a cinder is all you need to start a fire that can consume the night.’ 
	And there it was. When she found out she was pregnant she knew, you were her cinder, you would one day consume the world and make it a brighter, better place.” 
	As he sloshed towards the front of the school the world did not seem at all brighter or better with him in it.
	He normally kept extra clothes in his gym locker, for dark, rainy days, but today was the first day so he sloshed from class to class cursing his bad luck and his rotten step brothers. 
	By fourth period he was merely damp, but a dank, moldy smell clung to him. Lunch was spent in the boy’s restroom using the hand dryers in a vain effort to dry and air out his clothes. By the end of the school day his mood fit the stormy skies outside. 
	Trudging slowly Cynder thought hard about slugging one if not both of his step brothers when they stepped through the front door. He would beat them home since they always stayed after for football and then went out with, which ever girl they were entertaining that week, for burgers and shakes. By the time he turned on his street he was sure he would knock them both out. 
	He jerked the mailbox open with a disgruntled sigh and found a silver, glittery envelope inside. It was simply addressed:
	To the Fine young men of the Perrault household
	“Well, I guess that’s me.” Cynder chuckled to himself as he ran up the stairs. His step mother insisted her sons use his father’s last name, she stated it kept them from feeling like outsiders. Cynder knew she just didn’t like people thinking she’d failed at anything, including a previous marriage. His father offered to enroll him in Tremaine, a suggestion Cynder watched his step mother scoff at behind his father’s back. She would never allow it. While she would never say it in front of his father, Cynder knew she controlled everything. They lived in her house, his father worked for her father’s company, they lived in her and her son’s shadows and by her rules. While his dad made good money at the company, she never let Cynder forget how quickly that money could disappear. In his heart he knew the reason his father was out of town so much was because that’s where she liked him. Her father made him VP of foreign shipping and trading, which kept him overseas sometimes months at a time. So he refused his father’s offer and remained at the public school, remained beneath her and her sons, remained where she wanted him. 
	He pulled open the envelope as he fell onto his bed. From the depths of the shimmery paper came a lace edged card stock announcing a grand ball at the academy. A smirk curled the edges of Cynder’s lips.
	Pulling on a pair of shorts and a plain white T, he tossed the invitation on the kitchen island before heading out the door towards Mrs. Walt’s house. Ever since her husband passed away two years ago Cynder checked in on her. In the summer he mowed her lawn, winter he shoveled her drive, and on wet nasty days like today he would just sit and chat with her, maybe drive her to the store. 
	When Winifred Walt opened her door she adjusted her glasses on the tip of her nose, looking over the thick lens at Cynder.
	“Oh dear, you’re not turning into one of those shiny vampires are you?” She asked, squinting at him. Cynder stared back at her for a moment, afraid she had finally lost her mind.
	“I’m teasing you boy, you’re covered in glitter. Have you seen that movie? Vampires that sparkle…..HA….not in my day I tell you!” She shuffled to the side, holding the door open and allowing Cynder into her small home. Cynder loved coming here, not just because she was a sweet and funny old lady but because the house somehow always smelled of cinnamon, something that reminded him fondly of his mother. 
	After two hours and several glasses of chilled milk and warm cookies, Cynder waved goodbye to Mrs. Walt, promising to come back soon and check on her. He could hear his step brothers arguing loudly before he even opened the door. He stood in the door frame watching as Andy held the invitation over his head, Drew jumping at it in vain. Even though they were twins, Andy was the taller of the two, taller, stronger and probably better looking if you liked square headed jocks with lots of muscle and no brains. Drew was slighter built, thin and lanky with an air about him that screamed egotistical maniac. He had his mother’s attitude and arrogance, a trait Cynder found horridly unattractive on both of them. 
	“Give it to me Andy! I want to read it!” Drew shouted, jumping at the card again in vain.
	“Quit your whining you sissy. I’ll give it to you when I’m done.” 
	Cynder crept in, not making a sound as he stepped behind Andy and snatched the card from his hand. His step brother swung around his eyes wide with surprise and anger.
	“Give it back Cindy.” He growled. Cynder ignored the petty name calling. They’d been calling him Cindy since the first night they moved in eight years ago. He remembered the way they’d swept through the house like twisters, like they owned the place. Moving things and claiming rooms and chairs and spots on the couch, knocking his mother’s books off the shelf to put up their video games and comics. Cynder had stood fuming, tears threatening to burst from his eyes when his father placed a hand on his shoulder.
	“I know it’s been just us for so long son, but give it a chance. This is new to them too.” Cynder only nodded at his father. He gave it a chance, he stuck out his hand, plastered a welcoming smile on his face and introduced himself.
	“Hi, I’m Cynder, my dad says we’re gonna be brothers.”
	He had met their mother, he thought he didn’t like her because she was so different from the few things he could remember about his own mother. She didn’t smile, or hug, she didn’t cook breakfast or sing silly songs at bedtime. She didn’t dance and hold him up by the arms on Sunday mornings, she didn’t love him, and she didn’t even like him. 
	“Cynder? That’s your name?” Andy howled. 
	“More like CINDY!” Drew laughed. With that Andy pushed him down and they continued through the house pushing their way into his life and ruining it with every minute they were there. 
	“I said give it back Cindy!” Andy growled lurching at him. Cynder dodged him easily and tossed the paper to Drew, not because he wanted to help Drew or even because he cared if Drew read it, but because it’s what would piss Andy off the most. Drew snatched the silver kissed invite and skimmed it quickly howling as he ran around the kitchen island.
	“Hot damn a masquerade ball!” He did an awkward jump, clicking his heels together as he slammed the invite down on the table. He jerked his head to the side catching Andy’s eyes and without a word they shot up the stairs shoving and vying to be the first to the top. 
	Cynder shook his head and picked up the paper again as his step mother came through the door from the garage. 
	She looked him over as always her eyes filled with disgust and disapproval. 
	“What is that?” She asked snatching the paper from him, leaving only a sprinkling of glitter on his fingers.
	“The Academy is having a ball. The whole town is invited.” He spoke to her respectfully because that’s how he was raised, but in his head he was calling her every name he could think of. 
	“Hmmm says this Friday night,” she slid the invitation onto the counter top ignoring Cynder, “I better take the boys shopping.”
	He knew better than to hope, to dream that he was included in her idea of “the boys”, but no matter how many times she let him down, no matter how much he hated her and knew she hated him back, there’s was always a moment when he hoped, wished, dreamed that she meant him too. 
	Friday came quickly. Andy and Drew were dressed in the finest tuxedos, their hair gelled in place. Andy wore a black phantom of the opera-esque mask lined with silver glitter. Drew wore an impish green mask that made Cynder think of a forest troll. Cynder himself took a suit from his father’s closet, dad was out of town again on business, Denmark this time for a whole month, but he wouldn’t mind. What he didn’t have was a mask. He came down the stairs as Andy, Drew and their mother were walking out the door.
	“I just need a mask guys, gimme a sec.” His step mother looked back over her shoulder and smirked at him as she closed the door behind her. Anger bubbled up in his chest, it was one thing that she excluded him from the shopping trip, that she ignored him most of the time, but to completely leave him behind tonight was just the last straw. Andy’s tires peeled out of the drive, the headlights splashing through the window, illuminating Cynder as he stood there, alone as always. 
	He stood in the empty house, fuming, wishing his real mother was here, wishing his father was home and could see how he was treated. He pulled his cell phone from his coat pocket, stepping outside in an attempt to breathe and calm down. His fingers flew across his phone screen, machine gunning a message to his father.
	When r u coming home 
	He waited for a response. He didn’t know what time it was in Denmark but his dad always answered his texts.
	IDK what’s up?
	Cynder thought for a moment before he answered.
	Nothing just miss u
	Why tell him? He wouldn’t believe it, he was under her evil spell.
	“Cynder?” 
	He jumped at the sound of his name in the dark. Looking around he caught sight of Mrs. Walt’s grey head poking over the fence.
	“Hey Mrs. Walt, you okay?” He walked towards her smiling as she stood on her tip toes just to see over the fence.
	“What on Earth are you doing outside dressed so nice?” She opened the gate and stepped into his yard.
	“Oh, I was going to go to the Tremaine Masquerade Ball but I changed my mind.” He smoothed the coat with is hands disappointment washing away his smile.
	“Bitch left you behind didn’t she?” 
	His head jerked up as he caught the watery twinkle in Mrs. Walt’s blue eyes. Hearing her curse was the funniest thing Cynder ever heard. 
	“Yeah, yeah she did. But it’s ok. I didn’t have a mask or anything anyway.” Cynder offered Mrs. Walt his elbow and she took it. He escorted her back to her porch, helping her slowly up the stairs.
	“Come in here a minute son.” She said with a smile. He followed her into the house curious about her mischievous grin. She led him through the tiny house which seemed to have more hallways and corners than imaginable for such a small square place. She came to a door with a gold star and her husband’s name beneath it. It looked like a Hollywood dressing room door. She placed her wrinkled hand against the door and breathed deeply. When she swung it open Cynder couldn’t believe his eyes. The room was full of rolling wardrobe racks. The back wall held a huge mirror surrounded by large bulb lights.
	“What is this?” Cynder whispered.
	“Mickey was a silent movie star. These are his things.” She swept her arm out as Cynder tried to look everywhere at once.
	“How old are you?” Cynder laughed, blushing at his own rudeness.
	“Younger than you think, older than I feel.” She laughed.
	She reached into one of the racks and pulled out a tuxedo. Its coat was long, the vest was backless with a deep curved V-cut, white with a silver paisley pattern running through it. 
	“Try it on.” She urged, pushing it at him. 
	“Oh, I couldn’t. These were Mr. Walt’s things.” He shook his head but she kept pushing it into his hands.
	“He would want you too, for all you’ve done for me.” 
	Cynder took the clothes from her hand and watched as she stepped out closing the door behind her. 
	It was a perfect fit. He had no clue how old the outfit was but it shined like new. The wall with the mirror was decorated with masks of all kinds, even a monkey mask. Cynder laughed as his poked the furry nostrils. Then he saw it, a full face mask, it looked ancient almost. Silver and white, with ornate, antiqued scrolling. It covered his whole face and fit like it was made for him. 
	Mrs. Walt appeared behind him in the mirror, her hands clasped over her mouth.
	“What do you think?” He asked turning slowly so she could see.
	“Oh honey, you look like someone’s dream come true!” She whispered as she ran her hands down the front of the vest, smoothing the lapels. 
	“I don’t know how to thank you.” 
	“You don’t have to, every young man like you deserves a fairy godmother.” She turned, walking to the far corner of the room. She mumbled as she dug through a deep chest. 
	Cynder looked over her shoulder as she shifted things from one side to the other. 
	“What are you looking for?” He asked. She turned her eyes bright with triumph.
	“Every gentleman needs a pocket watch.” She smiled as she held out a beautiful silver pocket watch, its chain gleaming and delicate. The case was decorated with a compass rose and the phases of the moon, a tiny key hung from the chain.
	“What’s the key for?” He asked touching it gently.
	“That opens it.” She took the small key and placed it in a notch on the bottom of the watch. The face popped open showing the clock face. Inside the front was etched, ‘For my one true love, let there be nothing but time between us.’ 
	She clicked it closed before placing it in Cynder’s hand. 
	“Never let anything come between you and your dreams Cynder. Not that wretched woman or her useless sons. Now let’s get you to the ball.” 
	He kissed her cheek, tears brimming in his eyes. He would never be able to thank her enough, but he would spend eternity trying. 
	She led him back to the front of the house, before turning toward the garage. 
	“One last thing dear.” She said patting him on the hand. The overhead light flickered to life, illuminating a spotless garage. Sitting as if it was new on the lot was a classic car, white wall tires and all. 
	“That, Cynder, is a fully refurbished 1929 Studebaker Commander.”
	He stared in awe. 
	“Mrs. Walt, this is too much. I can’t drive that car. Look at it, it’s pristine.” He shook his head.
	“Tut- tut boy. You’re taking it. Needs to be out on the road again anyway. Now let me grab the keys.”
	As she shuffled back into the kitchen Cynder raised the garage door and walked around the car. All the times he’d been here he never knew she had this car, never even been in the garage. They always took her old ’86 gold Cadillac to town. He eased the driver door open, amazed that it didn’t creak. 
	“Here you are. Have a wonderful night Cynder.” As she reached to hand him the keys they fumbled from her fingers.
	“Oh bibbty-boppity-boo!” She grumbled as she stooped down the retrieve the keys. Cynder hid his smile as she passed the keys to him.
	“Now be back by midnight. I heard the step-monster telling her minions they’d be home by 12:30. You be back before them, you hear me?” 
	“Yes mam, I will.”
	He hugged her again and promised to get the car home in one piece. He pulled out into the night and turned towards the Academy. A shooting star chased him down the road. It was going to be a magical night.

	The Academy was lit up with what looked like millions of tiny white lights. Men in tuxedo’s and gold masks stood in the horseshoe drive bowing to guests as they arrived and taking their cars. Everything seemed to halt as Cynder pulled to a stop. All eyes were on the car and then on him as he exited nervously, handing the keys to a still slack jawed valet. 
	As he took the wide marble steps up to the main doors he could hear the swell of the music from inside. Laughter floated in the air around him. He checked his mask for the tenth time before stepping thru the threshold. The lobby was filled with costumed guests all milling around laughing as they moved toward the main hall. Through two massive wooden doors lay the ballroom. Cynder took a deep breath and started down the steps. Women in full gowns twirled in the arms of dashing masked men. It was like stepping back in time. Cynder looked around for the step-twits and their mother. The room was so thick with people he wasn’t sure he’d notice them if they were stepping on his toes. 
	The waltz ended and the room applauded. Cynder clapped as well as he moved toward the far end of the room. Past the refreshment table loomed a spiral staircase, at the foot of it he nearly tripped over a hunched over figure. 
	“Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t see you.” He bent down to make sure she was okay. When she lifted her face he could see the sadness through her mask. Her emerald green eyes were swimming in tears. He sat down on the step next to her.
	“Hey, are you okay? I didn’t hurt you did I?” 
	She looked over at him, the tears still threatening to fall.
	“No, it’s not you. I’m fine.” Her voice was soft and sweet. Her lips a faint shade of pink, her skin, warm porcelain. She took his breath away. 
	“Would you like to step outside? Or maybe I could bring you a drink.” He asked. 
	“No, thank you. You really don’t have to sit here. You can go back to the party.” 
	He looked around the room again then back to her.
	“Nope, this is where it’s at, as far as I’m concerned. Life of the party right here. I mean nothing says fun like a weeping damsel in distress.” He leaned back on his elbows, crossing his feet in front of him.
	She smiled shaking her head at him. Cynder was sure he could die happy now, knowing her made her smile was all he ever needed from this miserable life. 
	“Come on, I’ll get you a drink.” He rose extending his hand to her. As he gently lifted her to her feet a voice boomed behind him, a familiar voice.
	“Hey babe, dance with me.” 
	Cynder turned away. He wasn’t sure if Andy would recognize him with the mask on, but he really didn’t want to take any chances. 
	“I was going to get punch.” He heard her reply. 
	“What? With that guy? I’m sure he won’t mind if I take you away.”
	Cynder’s blood boiled. He did mind, he minded very much, but he was stuck between a rock and a hard place. He just shook his head as it hung down. With that Andy swept his mystery girl away. Twirling her onto the dance floor then pulling her against him. Halfway through the song Drew cut in, nearly ripping her from Andy’s grip. Cynder watched from the shadow of the stairs, his teeth clenched as he watched them fight over her. Andy grabbed her tiny wrist pulling her back to him as Drew snagged her by the waist. She pleaded with both of them to just let her go, but they weren’t listening to her, they were too busy arguing and trying to “win” her.
	Cynder couldn’t take it anymore, he stormed towards them, and consequences be damned. 
	“Let her go.” He growled at his idiot step brothers.  They both turned to look at him but held tight to their prize. 
	“Who’s gonna make us?” Drew asked. 
	“I will if I have to.” Cynder answered as he stepped closer to them. She reached towards him, desperate to get away from Andy and Drew. The boys considered fighting him, he could see it in their eyes. Before they could decide the dean approached them.
	“You boys enjoying yourselves?” He asked eyeing them all.
	Andy and Drew let her go and turned toward the large man. 
	“Of course Dean.” 
	She flew into Cynder’s arms. Her small frame pressed against him as he led her to the terrace outside. 
	“Thank you again.” She whispered. The moonlight fell on her golden hair and he reached out to run his hand through it. 
	“I never should have let them get away with you in the first place.” His fingers softly trailed down her cheek. He held her close to him. They swayed gently to the music. Her cheek pressed against his chest, he longed to see her sparkling green eyes again. So he lifted her head with his finger, then twirled her around, before pulling her back to him. They swayed together, lost in time, needing only each other’s embrace.
	“Why were you crying earlier?” He asked, still holding her against his chest.
	“It’s hard to explain. I came here this year to find something, and I just don’t think it exists.” She sighed heavily. 
	“Well, don’t give up. You never know when you might stumble upon it.” He smiled down at her, entranced by her deep green eyes.
	“My princess charming.” She said breathlessly as she looked up at him longingly. Cynder pushed his hand into her hair and gently pulled her face to his before he remembered he was wearing a mask. Her eyes were already pinched closed in anticipation so he titled his mask back and pressed his lips to hers. It was the perfect kiss. Her mouth was soft and warm. Her lips parted ever so slightly, she tasted like summer rain. He kissed her again as her hands clenched the lapels of his vest. When they parted his mask fell back into place.
	“What’s this?” She asked thumbing the thin chain of the pocket watch.
	“My good lady, all gentlemen need a fine pocket watch.” He tugged the watch from his pocket and held it out to her to inspect. 
	“Can I open it?” She asked still running her fingers across the front. 
	“Of course.” He pulled the key from the chain and handed it to her, pointing to the notch at the bottom. It clicked open and to his horror read 11:49. He snatched it from her hand looking at it again.
	“I have to go, I’m sorry.” He turned and began back through the ballroom.
	“Wait! I don’t even know your name.” She called as she tried in vain to follow him through the crowd. When she burst through the front doors he was gone. 

	 Ella examined the tiny key for the hundredth time. Every time she looked at it she saw something new in the details. The miniscule lines were vines with nearly microscopic flowers, the rolling and winding design in the key head made a ‘W’ or maybe an ‘M’ pending which way you held it. Looking at it made her heartache, but she couldn’t put it down. 
	She’d fallen asleep that night in her ball gown, the key clasped in her hand as it laid over her heart. She had to find him again. He was her prince charming, her happy ever after he was the thing she was searching for. He’d shown her love and kindness without ever seeing her face, without knowing her name, he’d loved her for her and that’s all she ever wanted. Everyone else wanted her for her money, or to get closer to her mother, for the power, but not her prince. 
	She dashed down the hall to her mother’s room, the key on a small chain around her wrist.
	“Mom, mom I have to find him.” She cried as she threw her hands up in the air.
	“Wow Ell you really like this guy huh?” Her mother smirked at her. 
	“Mom!” she groaned in desperation. 
	“Fine, what do you want me to do honey? Send out the military? Call in the national guard?”
	“Can you do that?’ Ella asked.
	“No sunshine I can’t. I’m not the president of the United States.”
	“But you are the President of Global Trading United. Help me! You brought me here, told me to spread my wings, find freedom, find myself, find love so I could take your place one day. You said that here, miles from the bustling city and the prying eyes of all the people who want to take over the company I could just be me. Well I was me, and he loved me mom. I found everything you wanted me to, and then …then I lost it.!”
	“You’ve grown so much in the year that we’ve been here. I was worried it would be a wasted trip. Are you sure you want to find him again? We leave so soon.” Her mother reached out to smooth Ella’s hair.
	“Yes mom, more than anything. Even if it’s only to say goodbye.” 
	“How will you know it’s him?” 
	Ella raised her arm, the tiny key dangled from her wrist. 
	“I have the key to everything right here.” 
	“Fine, we’ll throw a going away party. Invite the entire town, no masks, you can find him and tell him goodbye.” Her mother smiled as she sipped her coffee. Ella was growing into the beautiful soul she always knew she would be. 
	“Thank you mother!” 

	Cynder held the light pink floral invitation in his hand. He knew it was meant for him. There were too many coincidences. The bold lettering across the top said “Our time is up, come help us say goodbye” The envelope and the invitation were both embossed with a compass rose as well as a beautiful pocket watch. His damsel in distress was leaving, but she wanted to see him one last time. His heart soared even as it sank. The party began in just a few hours he had to get ready. He ran next door to Mrs. Walt’s house.
	“Mrs. Walt,” he shouted waving the invitation over his head.
	“What is it Cynder? Is everything alright?” She asked pushing open the screen door. 
	“Look, she wants to see me again. I need to borrow the watch, please, it’s the only way she’ll know it’s me.” 
	She smiled as she turned the soft paper over in her hand. Cynder had barely made it home before Andy’s truck pulled into the drive that night. He’d spent the whole next day at her house rehashing the magical night and thanking her to no end for all she’d done. She pulled the pocket watch from her apron and handed it to him. 
	“I was going to call you over today and give it to you anyway. I want you to have it.” She closed his hand around it before he could protest. 
	“Thank you so much.” Tears welled in his eyes as he turned to rush home. 
	She held her hand to her heart, he looked so much like her Mickey. 
	Upstairs he worried about what to wear. In the end he decided it was best to just be himself. He pulled on a pair of faded jeans and a black button up shirt. He checked himself in the mirror one last time. Before he headed downstairs he grabbed the watch and put it in his front pocket. He clutched his bedroom door handle and ran into the door.
	“What the hell?” He jiggled the handle again. It was locked. 
	“Hey!” He yelled pounding against the door.
	“Cindy, did you really think we’d let you go to the party?” Andy called from the other side of the door.
	“Yeah Cindy. You don’t know anyone there. And they don’t want to know you.” Drew piped in.
	Cynder slammed against the door. It shook in the frame but held tight.
	“Settle down Cindy. I’ll let you out when we get home.” His step mother hissed from the safety of the hallway.
	“This party is for someone very important and my boys are going to sweep her off her feet. When our companies merge, I will practically rule the world!” Her laugh echoed down the hall. 
	Cynder slid down the door and crumpled to the floor. He’d never see her again, they ruined his chance, they ruined his life.

	Ella looked around the grand hall again but no one seemed to catch her eye. Prince Charming would surely recognize her. The dress she wore was the same sea foam green as her ball gown, her long blonde hair pulled into the same soft up do as before. There should be no mistaking who she was.
	The key hung from her wrist, she touched it again, checking every few minutes to make sure it was still there. 
	Two boys approached her and she held her breath. 
	“Hey, wanna dance?” The shorter one asked. Before she could reply the taller one stepped between them.
	“Sorry dude she can’t, she wants to dance with me.” He pulled her by the hand onto the floor, pressing himself against her.
	‘Oh no’ she thought. These had to be the same idiots from the ball. As they began fighting over her again she managed to slip away. The party started hours ago, why wasn’t he here? Maybe their moment wasn’t as special as she thought it was. Maybe he was just a lot smoother than the morons she left on the dance floor. Broken she slipped into the kitchen and began to cry. The hostesses moved around her, refilling the drink trays and grabbing fresh hors d'oeuvres.
	Her mother found her with her head on the counter sobbing softly.
	“Oh honey, give him time. True love always finds a way.” She kissed her daughter and returned to the party.

	Cynder looked at the hard packed ground below. He wished there was a tree or a drain pipe, or that the garage roof was closer. It didn’t matter though, he had to get out of that room and get to the party before he missed his chance to tell his mystery girl how he felt. As he stepped one leg out the window he prayed he’d still be able to walk after he hit the ground. 
	“Cynder!” 
	He jumped almost losing his grip on the windowsill. Staring up below him was his father.
	“Dad!”
	“What are you doing son?”
	“It’s a long story dad. Get me out of here and I’ll tell you all about it.”
	As they sped toward the Grande Hotel he told his father everything. How mean his step mother was to him, how his step brothers taunted him, how they’d locked him in the room and gone to the party without him. How important it was that he get there before it was over because there was a girl waiting for him and he just couldn’t let her down.
	“I’m so sorry son, I had no idea.” 
	“I know dad, it’s okay.” 
	He hugged his dad, glad that he was back and relieved at last that the truth was out in the open. 
	Cynder was practically out of the car before his dad could stop.
	“Go, I’ll be in as soon as I park.”
	 Cars were filing out of the parking lot and Cynder was sure he was too late. 
	He rushed into the banquet room. There were still plenty of people milling around, eating, dancing, and laughing. He searched the room for her. Trapped in the corner at a table she sat like a wilted flower. His step mother on one side, Drew and Andy on the other. He rushed towards them. 
	“My lady.” He bowed as he reached the table. Her eyes lit up with hope.
	“Cynder, what are you doing here?” His step mother hissed. 
	“Is it really you?” Ella asked, standing quickly.
	“Cindy? You’ve been waiting for Cindy?” Andy asked.
	“That’s impossible.” His step mother laughed. “This is our house boy, you needn’t waste your time talking to him.” She stood pushing Cynder away from the table.
	“Prince Charming?!” Ella called as Andy pulled her toward the terrace.
	Cynder pulled away from his step mother, she raised her hand at him but it stopped midflight.
	“That, would be your last mistake.” His father rumbled.
	“Oh Leonardo!” She gasped. “What are you doing here dear?” 
	“It’s a goodbye party. I came to say goodbye.” He threw her hand away from him.
	“You can’t leave me! You have nothing! You have nowhere to go.” She raised her head in triumph.
	“I have my son, and that’s all I need. We’re done with you.” He turned to Cynder, “Go get her son.”
	Cynder ran to the terrace where Andy had his girl pinned against the railing, she was pushing him away to no avail as he buried her mouth with his own.
	Cynder pulled his step brother off of her then struck him in the jaw with a powerful right hook. 
	Andy landed on his butt.
	“He’s nobody. He’s not the one you want!” Andy yelled.
	Cynder pulled the watch from his pocket. 
	“I think you have my key….my lady.”
	“Ella….and yes I do. But does it go to your watch or your heart?” She slipped the key from her wrist and popped the watch face open. The clock read 12:00, midnight, as Cynder wrapped his hands in her beautiful hair.
	“Both…Ella.” He whispered as he kissed her.

	Cynder and his father moved out of the evil witch’s house. His father quit the company and took a position at Ella’s mother’s corporation. It offered more money and no travel time. They moved to New York, lived in a large loft that over looked Central Park. 
	Cynder and Ella were inseparable. Their ‘happy ever after’? Well that’s a whole different story.



This is the third amazing Krystal George anthology I have had the honor of being a part of. I am so very thankful for the opportunity and deeply humbled to have my stories nestled between stories written by authors I love and truly respect. 
I hope you enjoyed the story of Cynder and Ella. If you would like to read more of my work you can find me at www.rayneedazewriting.weebly.com or message me on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RayneeDazeWriting
I hope to hear from you all soon!


Seeing Red
By: Krystal George
©2014 by Krystal George
	My brother was a cop.  My father had been a cop.  My grandfather had been the sheriff before he retired.  With all things considered, I should have known what I was getting myself into… but I didn’t sign up for this.
	The floor was sticky with blood.  The walls were splattered with it.  The bed that most of the victim had been found in was drenched in it.  It was the grizzliest scene this small town had probably ever seen, and if it wasn’t, I was thankful that I hadn’t been around for anything worse.  As it was, I couldn’t help running outside and taking a handful of deep breaths just to ensure I didn’t throw up the entire contents of my stomach.
	“You okay there Rookie?”
	I looked up at my partner, Cragger.  For all of the nonchalance of his words, he was looking a little green himself.  “Yeah, I’m fine,” I told him.
	He clapped me on the back.  “I bet you didn’t think that you’d be seeing something like this during your first few months on the job.”
	“I bet you didn’t think you’d ever see anything like this in Evergreen anyways,” I answered back.  We both turned back toward the house and Cragger shivered.  “Who made the call again?”
	He nodded toward a young girl sitting on the edge of an ambulance with a blanket around her shoulders.  Although she was visibly shaken and pale, there appeared to be no other sign that anything was wrong with her.
	“The victim’s granddaughter.  Apparently she was stopping by to check on her and found her like this.”
	I inhaled sharply, “that’s kind of a sick messed up way to find your grandma.”
	The current sheriff, Sheriff McNaley, walked up behind us.  “You boys okay out here?”  When my father was alive, Sheriff NcNaley was his partner.  I always wondered if he hadn’t passed away if he would be the one wearing that shining star.  
	Turning my thoughts away from things in the past, I turned toward the sheriff.  “Who could have done this to that poor little lady?”  I asked him.
	He shook his head sadly and looked up at the darkening sky; it was going to be night soon.  “That’s what we are going to find out Nate.”  
	He walked a little ways down the wraparound porch and studied the granddaughter with a curious expression on his face.  Something about the way he was watching her made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up.  “Cragger, why don’t you go on down and see if the granddaughter knows anything more or has any suspicions,” he said finally… only Cragger had his head hanging over the porch railing and was busy spraying the yard with whatever he had eaten for lunch today.
	“I’ll do it, sir.”
	He eyed me for a second and I wondered why he was so hesitant to send me over to her.  Finally he nodded, “see what you can find out.”
	When I walked toward her, she was alone.  Since she had no real injuries, it was more imperative that the crime scene was secured and the victim’s remains were gathered.  There was something eerily familiar in the way she watched me.  I couldn’t pinpoint what it was, but the awareness was there.  She was young; probably around seventeen and there was a tiny spark of recognition in her eyes when I stopped in front of her.
	“Didn’t we go to high school together?”  She asked.
	Taken aback by her question, I stared blankly at her face trying to process what she was saying.  Finally I answered her, “it depends.  How old are you?”
	She smiled slowly, despite the current situation, and shrugged, “I think you were a senior when I was a freshman.”
	I nodded, “I guess that’s possible.”  I scratched at my face absently and looked back over my shoulder.  “Look, I’m really sorry about your grandma.  No one should have to live through something like this.”
	Her jaw tensed and I saw a flash of pure rage in her eyes.  “There are a lot of things someone shouldn’t have to live through,” she mumbled.
	I frowned, but some sort of commotion going on behind us drowned out her words.  I turned fully toward the house just in time to see one of the EMT’s running around the side of the house.  He was screaming and pointing behind him.
	“What the hell is going on?”  McNaley called from his perch on the porch.
	“It’s… I mean… there’s…” he stuttered, pointing to the back of the house where the forest swallowed it up.
	“Take a deep breath, son, what happened?”
	I took a few steps toward them then, so that I could hear what he said.  Most everyone had gathered round at his panicked screams and terrified glances back the way he had come.
	The EMT, I thought his name was Brandon, gulped down air the way some people gulped down water.  “There’s something back there… in the woods.  I heard it.”
	At first the crowd around the house was extremely quiet and then all at once people began shouting suspicions and orders.  It was almost chaotic the way the stumbled about at Brandon’s exclamation.  McNaley stood there, though, calm as if he was standing in church and just chewed on a toothpick contemplating Brandon’s claim.
	“It’s a forest,” he said finally.  “There are lots of things ‘back there’”
	Brandon shook his head.  “No, sir.  I grew up here, I know what the forest is like.”  He looked behind him in terror, “this was something else.”
	The girl inhaled sharply and I turned back toward her, “don’t worry miss, we are here to protect you.”
	“It’s not me that needs protecting,” she mumbled under her breath.  
	I couldn’t be certain, but it almost seemed like her eyes darted toward the sheriff when she said it.  There was an edge of tension in the air and I cleared my throat trying to get a solid hold of the situation again when all of the sudden all I wanted to do was back away from this girl and get the hell out of here.  
	“What’s that supposed to mean?”  The cop in me asked instead.
	I stared into her eyes, mesmerized by their strange shape and color, while she answered.  “There are things about this town that you don’t know about, Tanner, things that could get you killed.”
	I frowned.  Her voice had gotten so soft that I was sure no one else had heard her, but I still couldn’t help looking behind me to make sure no one was paying attention to us; no one was.  “I don’t understand.”
	She put her hand on my arm and pulled me to the side of the ambulance, out of the view of anyone around.  Her grip was surprisingly strong and the hair on the back of my neck stood up.  I had this eerie feeling that something else was going on here; something that I wasn’t prepared to deal with.
	“I’ve always kept an eye on you,” she said softly, “I didn’t want you to end up like your father.”  That caught my attention and my breath caught, but before I could say anything, she held up her hand to stop me.  “I was there that day.  You wouldn’t have seen me, not in the way you see me now; but I was there.”
	I shook my head, “my father died in a car accident.  There wasn’t anyone there, no witnesses.  It was a hit and run.”
	She smiled sadly.  “Things are seldom what they seem in this world.”  She looked back toward her grandma’s house and her jaw clenched.  “But I’m going to make a difference this time.  He took things too far.”
	I turned to see what she was looking at, but all I saw was McNaley and Cragger standing on the porch, both of them looking unconcerned about Brandon’s accusation.  There was something… off… about the whole scene and I suddenly felt like I was watching a horribly written horror flick.  I wanted answers.  No… hell, I needed them.  But when I looked behind me, the girl was gone.


	The forest floor flew beneath me as I quickly made my way through the woods.  There was no one around to hear me so I wasn’t cautious as I drifted through the familiar surroundings.  My brain was working in overdrive.  Too much had happened for me to believe it wasn’t him. But why?  That was the question eating away at me now.  After all of this time, why had he chosen now?
	My heart was hammering in my chest; beating too rapidly for comfort.  It was making my vision blur… making it hard for me to see anything but red as I made my way to the spot I was looking for.  As if going there would make anything easier.  As if I didn’t already have all of the answers that I needed.
	A cry escaped my hoarse throat and I whimpered softly as I finally emerged into the clearing.  It was empty.  Just as I had suspected it would be.  My heart broke all over again.  No one was coming then.  The tides had changed and I was on my own.  Blue eyes flashed before my eyes and I thought, “Not alone… I still had him.”  Nathan Smalls.  
	I let emotions rush through me.  There was something about him.  Something that had kept my eyes on him for as long as I could remember.  If only he had realized I had been there, watching… waiting.  Maybe things could have been different.  I had to trust him now though.  My grandma would have wanted that.  
	With that thought held securely in my mind, I retreated back the way I had come; more careful this time in case I was wrong and I wasn’t alone… in case I was being watched.

	It was going to be a long night.  Where the hell had she gone?  Of course, it’s my fault that she’s missing and I’m left with two words ringing in my ears.  FIND HER!
	Yeah… yeah, I thought irritably.  If only Sherriff McNaley knew how badly I wanted to find her, maybe I wouldn’t be feeling his disgusted stare boring into the back of my head.  Only I couldn’t tell him that I needed to find her because she said she was there when my dad died.  That would just sound crazy.  Everything else about this night was crazy enough, I didn’t need his radar trained my way.
	That was why, even though Brandon had claimed there was something in the woods, I was still walking far back behind the house with my flashlight in hand.  I knew I wasn’t going to find her.  She had disappeared right under our noses.  If she had wanted to get away that badly, I doubted she was going to be easy to find.  Still… I had to try.  If nothing else, it gave me some room to breath away from all the action.
	The woods were eerily silent.  Not the peaceful, nightly silent, but the silence that was missing the normal sounds of the woods. No birds chirping, no animals rustling in the brush, no scampering of the night creatures.  Nothing but silence. The hair on my arms began to stand on end and a nervous knot began forming in the pit of my stomach; like a rock, complete with jagged edges that were causing all sorts of pangs and aches to run through me.
	A snap to the left of me had me spinning on my heel.  Because the forest was so eerily silent, that one sound was like a shot gun going off.  “Who’s there?” I shouted.  More silence.  Then another snap but to the right this time.  I spun that way.  “Hello? This isn’t funny.”
	Then, as if just waiting for me to say something, I began to hear laughter.  Not the normal, human, tinkling laughter, but a hoarser scary version of a laugh.  It took everything inside of me, all of my police training along with growing up with my father to stand my ground.  It wasn’t easy.  Not when everything inside of me was screaming for me to run.  I had to face this.  It was my job to face this.
	“Who’s out there?”  I asked again.
	“You shouldn’t be here.”
	“Talia?” When I turned at the statement, it was to face my sister. Only she seemed… different. There was something wrong with her face. It almost seemed like her features were stretched, like she was standing in front of an abstract mirror in a fun house. Only she wasn’t. Her eyes seemed huge… too big for her face.
	She rolled her neck and I could hear the bones cracking inside it. “You shouldn’t be here,” she said again.
	She was younger than me, and I was more concerned about her safety out there than with her purpose for being out here. “Does mom know where you are?”
	She laughed then. That hideous hoarse laughter that wasn’t at all like the laugh I was used to from her. Then she placed one finger in front of her lips and I gasped in horror. “Shh… someone might find us,” she said before laughing again.
	I couldn’t stop looking at her finger, her hand, her arm, then back to her finger. It was longer and thicker. It was covered in a hair that from this distance looked coarse and thick. But it wasn’t those things that really had me worried. It was the razor sharp claw like nail that was protruding from it.
	“Talia, it’s late and it’s not safe out here. Let me get you home.”
	She shook her head exaggeratingly slow. “I think I’m right where I should be.” 
	She smiled then and her teeth were white in the darkness and big… too big… and sharp… too sharp. I felt sick to my stomach. I was shockingly close to losing what little food I had in my system. This was my sister; my baby sister. Sure we hadn’t been super close since our dad died, but hell, we had lived through a traumatic experience. It had been expected to force some distance between us. Especially because while I had been heartbroken over it, she had gone on with her life like nothing had even happened. I had resented her for that… but I had never seen her like this.
	“What’s wrong with you?” I whispered.
	She walked closer and I noticed that her clothes were covered in blood. I could smell it on her. As she drew nearer, I could see it smeared on every exposed surface of her body. As she watched me watch her, her tongue whipped out and she licked at a smudge close to her mouth. My stomach heaved and I felt myself dropping to my knees. I knew I had to get out of there, but this was my sister. She wasn’t a monster… was she?
	“Leave him alone Talia.”
	It was her.
	Talia growled and threw her head back causing more bones to crack, more distortion to her face. “He is mine Micha.”
	She stood her ground.
	“He is your brother, not some pet to play with… not another meal.”
	I stood up and back a few steps away from them. “What is going on here?”
	“It’s simple really,” Sheriff McNaley said as he walked toward us, “this monster killed her own grandmother.”
	My eyes flew to the girl and I watched as she flinched and then clenched her fists. “He’s lying,” she said through her teeth.
	“Tell him, Talia, tell your brother what happened.”
	Talia had begun to whine when the sheriff walked up and now she was on her knees and twitching strangely. “Yes… she killed her grandma.” She began licking at her grotesque arm and I realized she was cleaning herself.
	“I don’t understand.” It was all I could say because this was crazy. Everything happening, everything I was seeing, it was all crazy. Something from a nightmare. Something that wasn’t real.
	“Your sister isn’t what she seems, Nate,” the girl said. “Neither is the sheriff.” She spat out the last word as if it was poison.
	McNaley laughed. “She’s talking nonsense. This boy has known me his entire life, he knows who I am.”
	“Why should I believe you?” I asked her softly.
	She turned to me and there was such sadness in her eyes that I had to catch my breath. “Because he said you know who he is, not what he is.” She turned away and looked pointedly at both Talia and the sheriff. “You don’t know what we all are.”
	Then, as if on cue, the clouds shifted and silvery moonlight spilled down into the forest. All three bodies began to twitch and transform in front of me. Wiry hair sprouted from their skin, eyes grew larger, feet and hands turned into paws with claws extending from them, and before I knew it, I was looking into the faces of three very large and very pissed off wolves.

	I had to protect what was mine. He may not realize it yet, but we were destined to be together. I felt it in the depths of my soul and I would not fail to kill any who stand against us.
	A growl worked its way out of my chest and into the night. I faced my adversaries with my head held high and ready to do some damage. Nate fell to the ground and then scooted backwards, his eyes large and unbelieving. He didn’t want to believe what he was seeing, but he would. He would have to.
	Talia was weak and backed away from me. She only liked to pray on those who were helpless. If I were in my human state, as my grandmother was, she wouldn’t think twice before devouring me. But as an equal, in a state that had been a part of me for far longer than it had her, she was no match. And she knew it.
	McNaley was brave. I am sure that he had eaten my grandmother’s heart which made him believe he was stronger than me; more powerful. But he was wrong. He didn’t know the truth. The secret that my grandmother had protected for all of these years was mine alone. And now they would pay for what they’ve done.

	The animals moved so quickly it was hard to see what was going on. Growls and howls filled the night air with terror and sweat broke out all over my body. Pure adrenaline pushed me to my feet. Pure fear and self-preservation got me out of the line of fire. And pure instinct had me pulling my gun from its holster. 
	The one who I thought was Talia seemed to be trying to stay out of the fight. Instead she focused her beastly eyes on me and bared her teeth as if warning me not to flee or she’d kill me. My mind was having a hard time accepting that this was my sister, but my eyes were playing back the scene in which she had transformed, forcing me to believe what I had seen or admit that I had gone crazy.
	The other two were tearing at each other. Teeth were scraping against teeth and skin was being torn open with furious cries and screams as claws raked across flesh. There was a tangy aroma in the air. Blood mixed with fear and the distinctive smell of wet and mangy dog. 
	I wanted to take aim and shoot. I wanted to feel in control of a situation that there was no controlling. But who did I aim for? Sheriff McNaley who had been a part of my life since birth, or a girl who claimed that there was more to the story of my father’s death? I didn’t want to believe that Talia was a part of something so monstrous, but I had seen the blood on her with my own two eyes. Did that mean she had killed the girl’s grandma? Or was there some other explanation?
	Sensing my hesitation with the gun in my hand, the beast that had been Talia charged at me. I was a fast runner, but I was no match for her and she was on me in seconds. My gun went sailing through the air and landed a few feet away from us. I pushed at her massive chest with all my strength, trying to avoid getting ripped to shreds by the teeth that were snapping at me.
	To my immense surprise, I succeeded and she hit the ground with a hard thud. I didn’t stop to think about what I was doing. I lunged for the gun and had just felt the cool steel with my fingers when I felt those teeth close around my ankle. Talia dragged me backwards toward her and ripped at the fabric concealing the tender flesh of my calf. I kicked back at her with my free feet and had a brief respite where I was able to at least turn over and pull myself into a sitting position.
	Then she was on me again, pushing on my chest so that my back struck the ground with a jarring crack. Saliva dripped onto my chest and she leaned her bloody muzzle toward my face, hot rancid breath tickled my cheek and I gripped the gun harder. She hadn’t noticed that I had it. I just needed to get my arm out from under her weight and I would be free. I couldn’t let the fact that I believed she was my sister stop me from realizing she was a beast.
	She smiled a wolfy grin then, a sight so hideous that I knew it would haunt my nightmares for years to come. Blood mixed with saliva and stained her white teeth where they met her gums. I imagined that I could see torn flesh left in her mouth, but I closed my eyes against the image. If I was going to die, I would die fighting. With what was left of my strength, I dug my heels into the ground and pushed upwards with my body.
	It worked. I threw her off balance just enough to free my arm and aim the gun at her chest. I watched her eyes as they grew even larger with recognition, then I fired. Instead of the dead weight of a body falling on my chest, I was suddenly free. Another wolf, I wasn’t sure if it was the Sheriff or the girl, had barreled into Talia just as the gun went off, hurling both of their bodies into the truck of a tree with a sickening crunch.
	I pulled myself up to my feet, but limped unsteadily toward the broken bodies on my injured ankle. It was like I was watching something magical take place, some sort of movie special effects. Before my eyes, the bodies of the wolves began to transform. Talia’s features stretched out and then began to shrink back to their normal shape. Her body twitched and jerked as her spine straightened out and her limbs began to look human again. Then she was still.
	Shaking, I knelt down beside her naked body and checked for a pulse. It was weak, but it was there. I sighed in relief and began assessing her body for more damages, namely the gunshot wound that I was sure I had inflicted. But other than bruises and a few scrapes and cuts, she was fine. Her breathing was returning to normal and for all I could tell, it looked like she was sleeping.
	Then I heard a soft whimpering a little farther away and I hobbled over to the source. The girl was lying naked on her side. She was in worse condition than Talia, but she was conscious and weeping from the pain. Her body was bruised and bloody. Teeth and claw marks sliced through the pale skin and oozed blood. I gasped and kneeled beside her when I realized that wasn’t the worst of it though. Because there on her side, where her hand was frantically working to stop the flow of blood, was the gunshot wound that I had been looking for on Talia.

	It was over, I thought numbly, while my teeth chattered and my hand shook over the gaping hole in my side. After all of these years, it was finally over. I would be cursed no more. It was almost a relief really. I had been living with this secret my entire life, it would be peaceful to not be at the mercy of the moon anymore. But the thought of dying and never having a chance to explain to Nate what had really happened was almost more than I could bare. So I cried for my salvation and I cried for my loss.
	When I felt his warm hand cover mine, I jolted with shock. It was so much more powerful than I had ever imagined. My love for him was as intense and steady as the pull of the moon’s power over my transformations. It had been a part of me from the moment I had seen him weep over his father’s body the night he had died. I had been years younger than him, but the wolf’s hold on me had matured both my mind and my emotions from the moment I was bitten. I knew I loved him. I knew he belonged to me.
	I had wept then. Tears had streamed down my face in salty rivers for what I had done. Even though I hadn’t been the one who had killed his father, I had been the one who had changed those who did. It had always been me. I was the first in this town to change.
	I had been practically a baby at the time, a toddler just learning to stand on my own two feet. My parents had decided on a camping trip at Yellowstone. I didn’t know what was happening, only that I was having fun and I had a whole campsite and forest to explore. It was night when the wolves came. It was sitting around a campfire that I watched the blood of my parents spilled when my life was spared. A single bite to my chubby leg and then the wolves had left me to my fate.
	The park rangers came, and then the police. My grandmother was called, she was my only family now. But then, once I was safe at home with her in the mountains of Colorado, the first full moon came and with my change, I attacked her. She was the second to change.
	Years went by after that and I met a friend in school who loved me. Talia Smalls was sweet and innocent and as much as I loved her, I envied her for her normalcy. So I chose to bite her. She was the third.
	Her father, a deputy, knew what she was. She disappeared the night of her first change and he and his partner went looking for her. What they found was the two of us, rolling in the forest like a couple of pups. Her father had protected her… protected us. But the other one, the partner, had coveted us our power and he had forced Talia to bite him. Then he began to hunt down other wolves and kill them. With each heart he consumed, he grew more powerful, taking on what those he killed had been.
	When her father had figured out the truth, he confronted McNaley, and McNaley had killed him. Talia was too far gone by then. Something in her was darker than me. Something in her relished in the predatory sensation she felt when she was in her wolf form. So she began working with McNaley to consume all they could find. She did the dirty work by killing those he sought, but she saved the hearts for him. They killed my grandmother because they didn’t know our secret. They thought she was more powerful than me, they thought she was the first. But she wasn’t. And now I would die for all the evil I had caused.
	“It’s okay, don’t move, you’ll be okay.” Nate murmured to me.
	He put his other hand on my cheek and I turned my face into his palm, savoring the feeling of his skin on mine. Tears were still streaming down my face and he tried to wipe them away. I was happy that he had shot me instead of his sister. He didn’t deserve to live with the guilt of her death on his conscious. Now that he knew what she was, maybe he could help her; remind her of her own humanity.
	“Who are you?” He whispered.
	I laughed, the sound ragged and hoarse through my pain. “My name is Micha and I have loved you for as long as I can remember.”
	I saw recognition then, as his soul recognized mine and his heart believed what mine had always known. My eyes drifted closed just as his lips brushed across mine and I knew that I was finally where I had always belonged.

	It was strange, this new sensation.
	The transformations were slightly painful, but the exhilaration of running through the woods was worth it. When Talia had bit me, I didn’t realize then what it would mean for me. It wasn’t until later, during the next full moon that I fully understood. But she had been there, holding my hands and looking into my eyes as we had changed together.
	Micha… my soul mate.
	With all of the heartache she had lived through, I vowed to give her the happy ending she deserved. So we lived that way; a small population of humans who changed to wolves in the silvery moonlight in the Colorado skies. More were changed, life went on. But the secret of what we were stayed hidden away in the eyes of those who were like us and the humans we chose to protect in our town were never aware of the danger that lurked with one bite from our teeth.
	It wasn’t perfect… it wasn’t ideal… but we had each other and that was enough. Ours was a different kind of fairytale… 


And they all lived…
Happily Ever After
The End

