Alien Invasion:
and the origins of mankind
by Mark Douglas Doran
copyright 2012 , Smashwords version

License Notes: Published by Mark Douglas Doran at Smashwords. This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Alien Invasion:
 and the Origins of Mankind
Mark Douglas Doran
***
Twenty years before “ the event”
“Sure is nice fishing out here with you dad,” Seven year old Chris Robinson said in a quiet voice with his third generation owned fishing poll in hand as the full moon lit up the river.
Father and son sat in a small boat on a quiet weekend night in the woods with no one else around for miles. The only sounds to be heard came from the crackling fire near their sleeping bags thirty yards back on land and the sound of the water gently hitting the side of the boat.
Their campfire still burned lightly since they roasted marshmallows a few hours before. They told each other ghost stories, causing them to laugh more then being scared. Soft lights left on inside the cottage lit up the living room.
Countless trees surrounded the shoreline like a blanket made of wood and pine, reaching up into the sky like rockets.
“I know how you feel son,” Daniel whispered back. He felt good spending time with his son. He worked long hours at his steady blue-collar job on the docks. Hard work each day and it seemed the hours got longer each year, just a regular working guy. He didn’t care about being famous or being the richest guy on the block. His biggest dream was to be the best dad he could. He’d been looking forward to this weekend for months. He didn’t get to see his son much, work always got in the way. Bills always needed to be paid. He wanted to make sure his son had a better life then he did. He knew special moments like these would be rare to come by, so he chariest every second. He knew Chris was growing up fast and he would never get a moment like this again. They sat in a comfortable silence listening to the water and staring at the small waves lit up by the dancing moonlight.
Twenty minutes later Chris glanced over to his left and something up the river off in the dark caught his attention. He looked at it for a moment and couldn’t quiet make out what it was “Look dad. There’s a small bright light hovering over the water casting a sliver, whitish glow,” he pointed to it.
Daniel moved a bit closer to his son and looked in the direction he was pointing. He noticed the light. He stared at it for a moment, unable to look away. He knew his son was right; it did look like it was quietly hovering above the water. “Oh yeah, I see it too. It must be the moon reflecting off the water”
“Oh dad even I know it can’t be the moon. The moon is big and above us” he pointed up to it. “This object is smaller in size, and it looks to be very close to the water, as thought suspended in air. I know it sounds crazy to say, but I got weird feeling as though it’s watching us”
His dad laughed a bit “Watching us? Oh don’t be silly. Maybe it’s a star, it just looks like it’s close to us, but in reality it’s a million miles away. You know how the darkness can play tricks on the mind.” he said softly, now aware of how alone they where out in the woods.
“But dad, it’s moving.”
Daniel knew his son was right. There was no way the object could be the moonlight’s reflection or a shining star. Whatever the object was, it had control over its movements. It could’ve been an airplane or helicopter passing by, but it was so quiet. He decided not to say anything to appear calm in front of his son. “It could just be a bright star and it only looks like it’s moving because of how the small waves in the water are moving. Nothing more then a optical illusions you read about in a science magazine” He lied, hoping his son wouldn’t worry.
Chris continued to stare at the glowing light as it softly reflected of the dark water with the tall pines along the shoreline “Sure looks like it coming towards us. Maybe it noticed us and wants to see us close up”
Daniel and his son placed their fishing rods down and slowly stood up in the boat and watched the glowing light move closer towards their boat getting bigger and brighter in size as it moved. Now it was only a few yards away and closing. He was amazed by how it seemed it was coming straight at them on purpose, as if it could see them. The light coming from it was intense, but the forest now appeared to be darker then ever.
As it got closer he could see within the light an oval shaped object. It had no wings, no front or back. The shape appeared to be a saucer, wider in the middle then the top or bottom. There appeared to be no windows for whatever was inside to see out of.
As he stood in the boat that was gently rocking back and forth he tired getting a better look at the mysterious object. He wanted to appear calm so his son wouldn’t get nervous. “You might be right,” he whispered back to his son.
With each passing second the unknown glowing light silently moved closer, ever so slowly, until it was a few yards in front of them fifty feet above the water. It lit up the boat and the surrounding trees. The object hovered in the air for a few moments until it started to move directly above the fishing boat.
They both were speechless and looked up at the oval object in amazement. They had to cover their eyes from the intense brightness shining down like a powerful flashlight. As if something inside was watching them with curiosity, like a scientist in the rainforest shining a light on a small insect as it walked across a tree branch at night.
“Dad what is it? I’m nervous” Chris whispered as though the object in the sky could hear him.
They both sat down still looking up at the mysterious object.
“I know son, stay close to me.” He reached out and grabbed his son and pulled him tightly towards him. There was nothing on this planet he would ever let hurt his son. Then again, there was also nothing on the planet that could describe what was above his fishing boat at that moment.
Without warning, like the worlds greatest camera flash, a massive flash of bright white light lit up the entire water around the boat and cottage. Within a second the oval object, along with Daniel and his son, were gone.
The only thing left behind was an empty fishing boat floating in the still dark water and the crackling coming from the fire a few yards from the cozy warm cottage. The forest went back to normal with the crickets and owls making their usual noises like any other night.

Daniel opened his eyes and found himself in an empty grey room. He could hear the faint echo of his son calling out to him. He had no idea where he was or how he got there. The last thing he remembered was being on his fishing boat with his son. How much time had past? An hour? Maybe a day or week? He couldn’t’ tell. All the questions had to wait; the only thing he cared about now was getting to his son. He tried to stand up and walk, but everything felt different as if he was walking on the moon. The walls around him were plain sliver in color, dull and lifeless.
“Dad where are you dad?” his son called out.
Daniel quickly turned after hearing his son call out to him. He knew he couldn’t panic, if he did he might never find his son. He ran towards an open door and out into a long dark hallway that seemed to run in both directions for miles; just like the other room it lacked color or life. He had no way of knowing which direction to run in. He guessed. Turning to his right he started running. He could only hope he was moving in the right direction, closer towards his son, not away. It seemed the hallway went on forever. It was like being in a dream were no matter how much you ran, the hall kept going.
“Dad” his son’s voice called out again “I can see them. They’re moving towards me. They look different. There eyes are big, it’s there dark eyes dad, why are they so big? I don’t think they’re…human”
Daniel moved as fast as any human could. He needed to be by his son’s side as quickly as possible. Every father has made the secret vow to defend and protect their children, but how to you protect them from something that isn’t human.
He made his way towards the cold, dark, grey room his sons voice was coming from. He ran inside and something turned around and looked at him, something with big black oval eyes.
One year to “the event”
Somewhere in a waterless, burning desert a scorpion moved across the sand unaware that one hundred yards underground lay a labyrinth of tunnels and secret rooms made of cold steel. No one on earth knew of the place. It was beyond top secret.
Since its creation the media has been in the dark of the location and reasons for existence. No politician when voted into office was ever informed of the place and the average person would live their entire life never knowing of the building. It was meant to be this way. The place was built in secret and would remain that way forever, at all cost. There were certain things the public could not be informed of, certain things they could not handle. This was the greatest of them all.
Countless conspiracy theorists have spent years searching the world over looking for any “hidden bases”, where top-secret knowledge was being held back from them. They wanted to find them all and expose them to the world. They would not find this one.
Deep inside the complex a young soldier numbered 47 wearing a black uniform with no nametag walked along a darken tunnel, his feet echoing off the metal grating floor. Florissant light bulbs on both sides of the tunnel lit the walkway. Along the way he passed by five emotionless security guards forty feet apart in sliver uniforms and black goggles guarding the tunnel with guns in hand. Two guards further down the corridor guarded a room very few have ever been inside of. No one outside the complex knew what was inside the room and no one would ever find out. Soldier 47 walked passed the two guards. Beyond the secret doors scientists in white lab coats sat at desks, working away on laptops, decoding messages sent to them by, the visitors.
Solider 47 moved down the hall until he came upon a large black door. He placed his right hand on the large flat screen to his right of the door. A red laser beam started from the top and made its way down scanning his fingerprints along the way. A second blue laser beam above the door turned downwards and pointed towards the soldier’s eyes. The laser scanned left to right. He then turned to the security panel on his left and entered a seven-digit code. He pressed enter at the bottom and when all three of the security devices gave the green signal the large heavy metal doors in front opened.
He walked into the next room and the heavy metal door behind him closed. The room was empty of everything, except for an enormous tall grey metal robot with colossal size guns for hands, four cannon barrels on each arm, capable of firing explosive shells. After the door locked behind solider 47 the robot awoke with red glowing eyes and rose up from the seated position. The sound of the moving parts echoed throughout the room. It now stood seven feet tall and pointed the cannons at the solider. The robot’s red eyes scanned solider 47, reading his DNA. If the robot did not make the perfect match with the soldier’s DNA it would open fire for thirty seconds. In the room there was nowhere to hide or run.
After the scan was complete the robot lowered back down to the ground and the red eyes turned off. The door on the other side of the room opened to let him through. His DNA was a match.
Solider 47 made his way passed the massive robot and out of the dark, cold empty room and into an enormous, bright loud war room filled with soldiers moving about reading over paperwork and typing on computer keyboards. Bright white lights lit up everyone and everything. Computers terminals lined row by row as soldiers worked away at there desks. Huge screens with multiple live satellite images of the earth and stars took up the wall space. Only one color filled the room, grey. Everything from the walls, floors and the ceiling where grey. In the center of the room stood a large metal circle platform with three steps leading up around it.
The room was void of anything emotional. No family pictures, no letters from kids, no coffee mugs with cute quotes or pictures printed off the internet of cats holding onto a rope with he words “hang in there” across the bottom. No plants or abstract art decorated a corner or desk. No pictures or paintings hung on any of the grey walls. No golden framed pictures of children at there first day of school or wives smiling on any of the desks.
In this room the computer monitors had more life then the soldiers.
The soldiers quickly moved about with paperwork in hand as the sounds of typing and talking filled the room. No one smile, just a dead serious stare in everyone’s eyes as they went about working on top-secret assignments. None of them were married. Every solider had official been listed as killed in action. Mothers and fathers had given up hope on seeing their sons alive again, convinced they had lost their lives fighting for their country far away, but they were alive and well. They had given up their identities in order to work in the secret location. They were dedicated to the cause to the highest levels. To the outside world they were gone, forever. The men had given up their names. Now, they were just a number. It was necessary in order to protect, the secret.
In time all secrets were eventually made public, but not this one.
In the history of the complex there was only one breach of security. Somehow a man had gotten through, just one time.
The room was void of laugher, love, humor, kindness, and friendliness. The only thing felt was, determination. No one felt it more then the General.
A large tall man with razor sharp eyes and a straighter chin with short spiky hair stood in the center of the sliver platform with his hands on his hips. Watching over everyone. He stood about six foot seven with a jaw could crush an eight ball from a pool table with eyes of ice and a voice of fire.
Solider 47 made his way across the room and up the three steps and over to the General “Sir, the code has been broken. We have the location of where the next alien saucer will land in one years time.”
The General turn with his usual fire in the eyes and took the paperwork from the young man “Well done solider 47. Now lets see where these big-eyed bugs will be landing.” He looked over the paperwork “Looks like the aliens will be landing on a Friday night in a town called…Springbrook Gardens” the General’s eyes shot open wide as his blood turned cold. He stared at the paperwork in his hands wondering if he was going to wake up. The nightmare he secretly feared was now becoming a reality. He knew the town’s name; he knew it all to well. It had haunted his dreams for years.
Not to long ago a drifter named John Smith somehow broke into the complex and warned the General to watch out for the town called Springbrook Gardens. Telling him it’s the town where everything will come to a head on a Saturday afternoon. The great battle will take place at that time.
At first the General wrote off the drifter’s warning as nothing but pointless jabber, but over the years he came to question it. Wondering if it truly were the time and location for the alien invasion were the Great War would be fought. Now, with the paperwork in his hands with the towns name right in front of him, this could only mean one thing. The war is really going to happen. The invasion he was preparing for was going to ensue, the start of the Great War. A scale and magnitude the world had never witnessed before. It would start in Springbrook Gardens and spread throughout the world.
If the war were to spread from country to country it would be impossible to stop, but if the battle were taken to the aliens right at the very start, there would be a good chance of victory.
The General stood up straight with the paperwork in his hands. For decades now aliens have been visiting earth and secretly talking with selected scientists. Trying to “help make the world a better place.”
In order for the scientists to know where and when to meet with the aliens they would receive a coded message from space which would be picked up by the soldiers with the use of satellites and computers, and deciphered over time, The messages would contain the longitude and latitude of the saucers expected landing. The soldiers would then locate the spot on a map and the General would head out to the location with a few scientists to rendezvous with the saucer, collect the information from the aliens and leave. The interaction with the aliens would only last for thirty seconds or less. The aliens said it was important not to have too much contact with humans. Saying it would interfere with our mental state of growing. The locations were always in a quiet area at night. Away from big cities or crowds. Usually in a forest were no one would see the saucer land.
They flew around in small oval shaped saucers, big enough for three aliens, but the General knew there was a massive mother ship somewhere in the sky. He had never seen it, but he knew it was large. It was from the large mother ship all the smaller saucers would fly in and out of.
The aliens always said they come in peace, but the General knew different. He knew one day they would invade. Did the aliens really think they where going to fool him? Making it look as though this was just another “friendly visit” like all the others, when in fact this was the start of massive global invasion.
With the information in his hands he had the jump on them. He knew the truth. He knew everything the aliens said about peace was a lie. Just a means of getting the military and scientific community to put their guards down and fail to be prepared, but he was ready. He wasn’t planning on just sitting back and letting a global take over happen. It was his job to protect the earth, to fight back and win. That’s what he was going to do. Most people upon founding out aliens were planning in invasion would’ve reacted with fear, but he wouldn’t, he only felt anger. Though, he never expressed it in front of his men. He continued to stare at the paperwork remaining calm. He looked over to solider 28 who sat at the state of the art computer terminal. “Find me the town of Springbrook Gardens on a map, now”
Solider 28 typed in the town’s name as fast as his fingers could move. Within seconds he pulled up a map on his screen. “Sir, I have it here now. It’s a small little town in the middle of nowhere with a small population, surrounded by endless forest in all direction.”
The General stormed down the three steps and over to the computer monitor and lead forward. “Well, look at that. It looks as though the aliens want to attack a small little town before moving onto the entire planet. Well, not if I have anything to say about it. This town will be the battleground for the greatest war ever fought. This is where we will make our stand. Hit them with everything we got and drive the aliens away forever. It looks as though the town of Springbrook Gardens will be getting a visit from the military.”
He stood up straight and spoke in a powerful voice. “Soldiers, ears to me” he paused for a moment as everyone in the room quickly stopped what they were doing and turned towards him. “The day we have been planning for has arrived. All the years you soldiers have been preparing to defend earth is now upon us. We will be going to war. I’ve always known the aliens could never be trusted. I always knew one day they would attack earth. For so many decades they have been visiting us pretending to be nice, but the truth face of the aliens has now been revealed. Many years ago I received secret information about the town where the aliens will start their attack. Just now I have been handed the latest update of where the aliens are planning another secret landing. Well the two names match up, which means they are using this so-called secret friendly landing as a means to invade. They’re expecting us to show up with smiles and be underprepared. Then they’ll hit us with their weapons and take over the earth. They will not succeed. We will stop them. In fact, this is what really will end up happening. In one year from now we will depart and carry out a top-secret mission to the town of Springbrook Gardens. They will try to launch their invasion believing we are underprepared, only to find out we are fully stocked and ready to fight. We will hit them first, catching them off guard.
We will scare them so badly with our state of the art weapons they will take off and leave earth forever stopping there silly ideas of a global invasion. By the time it is all over the world will be safe and the media will never have a clue to what really happened. We can’t have the media knowing. There desire to print the truth will only get in our way. The world will never found out either, the less people know, the better it is for them. It is also important that everyone living in the town of Springbrook Gardens never catches onto the truth the whole time we’re there. Right up until the very last moment to the start of the Great War. Make no mistake. We are going to war. We cannot have the town’s people panicking and getting in our way when they see all the military vehicles pulling into their town. We must fool the town’s people into thinking we are there for friendly reasons. We cannot risk scaring them with the truth. This is how we will fool them, I want the mayor of this small town contacted and have a special event set up were the military will have a friendly visit, a chance to mix and mingle with the residences to promote the army. This way no one in town will question why so many military trucks are arriving in town all at once. We don’t need anyone in this town questioning anything. The more we can fool the public, the more power we have over them. As for the scientists who come with us, I don’t want them knowing the truth either. If they find out aliens are planning an invasion and us having top-secret weapons they might try to communicate with the aliens and get them to change their minds about the invasion. The only thing they will end up doing is tipping off the aliens about our top-secret weapons and the aliens will choose another date and location for there invasion and we won’t know where or when it is. This must not happen, we’ve been given this golden moment, let’s not loose it. We will let the scientists meet with the aliens on the Friday night out in the woods, making everything seem normal. However, the whole time we will be preparing are own weapons and right before the aliens start their invasion on Saturday afternoon we will hit them first. They won’t be ready for us. We will catch them off guard. We will shock them with our new state of the art weapons. We’ll scare them off and never again will they dare return to earth. Today we make a stand and save our earth from the foreign outsiders”
There was no cheering in the room after he finished speaking. Cheering was an emotion, something all of them men in the room had given up years ago. The soldiers went back to work with there new orders, preparing for the war.
The General walked to the other side of the room and turned to solider 26 who was seated at a computer terminal. “Give me an update on the construction of the supergun”
The solider opened up a program on his computer. “Sir, the supergun is ready to go. Its ready for testing”
The General looked at the 3-D hologram of the massive gun rotating in the air. The actual gun was two blocks long resting on a flat bed truck. “Good.” He said in a low deep voice, like sandpaper in his throat “I like what I’m seeing. We’ll use the next few months to test the gun and have it shipped out in pieces to Springbrook Gardens and assembled back together when we arrive. Make sure to use moving trucks to disguise the pieces in transport. The moving trucks will blend in with all the other vehicles on the road. No one will ever suspect parts of a massive gun that will be used to bring down an alien saucer are inside innocent looking moving trucks. Just like how the government transports toxic waste, inside of moving trucks across busy highways and small towns. If the bleeding heart liberals found out they would be protesting like crazy. Just like how they protest over the cutting of Rainforests trees and melting icebergs in the north.” The General smiled an ice-cold smile and turned back towards solider 47 “Send a coded message into space to be picked up by the aliens, telling them we agree to meet them and we will bring the scientists along to collect the information from them as usual. Make it look as though it’s just another simple meeting. Let them know the meeting will take place in the deep forest just outside of the town of Springbrook Gardens”
“Right away sir” Solider 47 said as he turned to leave the room.
The General turned back towards 26 “We will also have to lock down any access to the forest that surrounds the town during the night of our encounter with the aliens. I don’t want a single person in the town seeing the UFO landing. I want a story told to the media of a deadly insect flying around that can kill trees. I want everyone in the country afraid of this insect and how it’s been spotted around the town of Springbrook Gardens. I will contact the mayor and tell him the military will come by to dust the forest to save the trees. It will be an excuse to close off the roads leading in and out of the town for the night. Giving us all the cover we need to hide the saucer’s landing. At the same time we will tell him the military would like to visit and have a friendly meet and greet. Give the kids in the town a once in a lifetime opportunity to meet soldiers and touch military vehicles up close. We’ll do this to justify all the military vehicles pouring into their town without getting everyone nervous.” He looked back at the solider who had the map on his screen “How close is the nearest train tracks to the town?”
The solider looked at the map “Sir, the nearest train tracks run just outside of the town next to the highway after the forest”
The General smiled “Beautiful. Couldn’t plan it any better if I tried. After we’ve arrived and finished meeting with the aliens in the forest during the night. I will then want a story told to the town’s people of a train derailment next to the highway. I will announce to everyone in town the military will help clean it up, but the main road leading in and out of town will have to be closed off for the day, that way when the battle with the aliens start no one will be able to leave and tell the world what’s happening. We can’t risk having the world find out about this operation, even if it means sacrificing everyone in the town.”
The General walked back up the steps to the center of the room and stared at the image displayed on the large screen in the center of the room of a real photograph of a grey alien. It’s small mouth, little thin noise, triangular shaped head and grey skin, but the one feature that stood out the most, where the big black oval eyes staring back into the camera as if it knew its picture was being taken.
Grey aliens never expressed any emotion, but somehow everyone who looked at the picture knew they were smart, smarter then any human.
One year later. 3 days before “the event”
Timmy knew he had only moments to live. His heart raced a mile a minute as his hands shook. The bright sun shined down on him as he stumbled his way through the park. His vision was getting blurrier with each passing second. He was losing his ability to concentrate, but tired his best to remain focused on the task at hand. He slowly stumbled across the grass getting closer to the man in the dark trench coat sitting on the park bench who face was hidden behind a newspaper; the eyes covered by black sunglasses.
He had given the slip to the mysterious figure who’d been following him for the past few blocks. He didn’t know the name of his assassin, all he knew was the poison in his body was in full effect and he would collapse for good at any moment. He had to succeed; he couldn’t fail, not now. Too many people where depending upon him. Too much time had been invested for him to end up in failure. Too many lives had been lost for him to obtain the secret microfilm. He had to get it into the right hands. If he failed it would all be for nothing. He felt his body collapsing under its own weight. He fell to his knees a few feet from the contact agent his arm stretched out with the microfilm in his hands.
The man on the bench slowly looked away from his newspaper and over his shoulder. He saw the clasped boy. When he knew no one in the park was looking he slowly reached down and picked up the secret microfilm from the boy’s hand.
Timmy blinked his eyes and looked up to the sky and smiled. He knew he had just saved the world. His dream of being a hero was compete. It cost him his life, but it was worth it. Everyone living in small towns to the big cities would now be safe because of his sacrifice. The beautiful blonde model who walked into his office a few days ago and hired him for the job had gotten away safety on the midnight plane; he watched it leave a few hours ago before being hit with the poisonous dart. He knew he would never see her again, but her safety was paramount to his own emotions. As he closed his eyes for the last time he looked up to the heavens and said his last words “Let the truth be told, at any cost. Freedom for all” he closed his eyes for the final time and died a hero.
The red curtain closed on the stage.
The crowd of seniors at the Springbrook Gardens retirement center who sat in their seats throughout the show started to applaud his performance.
Timmy Dalby jumped up from the stage floor and onto his feet. He stepped out from behind the red curtain and thanked them with a smile “Thank you for your applause. We enjoy being here and putting on a show for you”
Sam Wilson who acted as the contact agent stood up from the bench and stepped out from behind the curtain. He took off the black sunglasses. He stood beside Timmy; smiled and waved to the applauding crowd.
The hall was packed full of seniors citizens who enjoyed watching the kids put on their stage plays once a month for them. Some of the seniors turned to each other and commented on how much they enjoyed the show.
Sam smiled “I loved playing the secret spy who now has the secret film safety in my pocket, which reminds me I need to get the film back to my mother or she will ring my neck”
The crowd of seniors laughed as they slowly got up out of their chairs and made there way toward the exits.
An old lady in a blue coat approached the stage. Timmy leaned down to talk to her. “You’re a really good actor Timmy. Say hi to your mom for me”
“Thank you Miss Carter. I will say hi to her for you” he said with a smile. “We like putting on skits for everyone here at the retirement home”
“How on earth do you memorize all those lines?” she asked.
“We work hard at it and rehearse over and over again.” He said.
“Keep up the good work and I look forward to seeing your next show”
“You won’t have to wait long. We’ll be performing at the variety show this Saturday at the town hall”
“Oh yes, I look forward to the variety each year. Watching everyone in town act out their plays, it’s always so much fun. The variety show has been an annual event before you were born. Its been going on since I was a child. I know you guys will do well. I look forward to seeing you kids” she turned and walked away.
Bobby Oliver pulled the curtains open and stepped out onto the stage to help with the clean up. Kyle Red came out from the back with the large wooden chest to put everything back inside until the next show. They both made there way over to Sam and Timmy at the front of the stage.
“The show went well,” Kyle said with a smile as he placed the chest down.
Bobby nodded to him. “I’m happy with the results. None of us messed up their lines and everything went according to script”
The other three quickly agreed as the last of the seniors left the room. They started clearing the stage. They placed the chairs behind the black curtain at the back of the stage and placed the loose items in the wooden chest.
After everything was away they made there way towards the exist of the seniors building and outside onto the sidewalk and stood under the afternoon sun. A few hours before they had finished the school day and made their way over to the senior center for their monthly show.
Sam turned to the three others as he lifted his hand above his eyebrows to block out the sun. “I’m glad we were able to finish our show before the military arrived for the meet and greet” he looked at his watch “There due any minute now”
Kyle nodded “That was a close call. Throughout our show I was hoping I wouldn’t hear them pulling into town. It would’ve been horrible to miss their arrival after all the anxious waiting we’ve done for the past few months”
Timmy agreed “The whole time I was on stage saying my lines, I was listening for any sound coming from the outside that would’ve tipped me off of their arrival, maybe a military jeep honking or people cheering. The whole time I was thinking of what I would’ve done if they had arrived. Would have I stopped saying my lines and stop the show halfway through and run out to see them or finish the show and miss out on seeing the arrival?”
Kyle laughed as he put his hands into his back pockets, “I know how you feel. I was wondering the same thing”
Sam agreed, “It was a gamble we took, but the good news is, we pulled it off. We got the show in on time and the military hasn’t arrived yet. Count our lucky stars for that”
Bobby looked up to the top of Main Street towards Forest Road where the military was expected to drive along making their way into town. He saw a massive crowd of people standing on both sides of the sidewalk for blocks on end eagerly waiting the arrival. “Looks as though everyone in town is already up they’re crowding around Forest Road waiting. Everyone wants to be the first person who spots the first military vehicle.”
Kyle laughed a bit as he looked down at the other end of Main Street at all the empty streets and buildings. “Now that side looks like a ghost town at this moment. If our town were a boat it would be leaning to one side”
Timmy nodded in agreement “So, what are we doing all the way at the empty side of Main Street? Lets get up there so we can see the military arrive as well”
Without wasting a second the other three boys quickly agreed and started walking along the sidewalk towards the crowds.
Four blocks later as they were approaching the drug store Kyle was the first to notice Sandy Clark and Jane Miles pushing open the glass front doors and walking down the three steps to the sidewalk.
The four boys had been in the same class with the two girls since grade one. Of course none of the boys took an interest in the girls way back then because in grade one, girls had cooties, but in the last year the boys couldn’t help notice the two girls. However, talking to them wasn’t as easy as they would’ve liked. It seemed all the young boys in town wanted to talk to the two girls.
To the boys surprise the two girls seem to take a liking to the four boys. It wouldn’t be a problem if the guys knew how to chill out and act relaxed around them. They’re where many things the boys could do, but talking to girls was not one of them.
Kyle thought back to all the times he wanted to say high while in the hallways, but chicken out at the last moment. Being popular was something the four boys were not used to; in fact they were the school nerds. Anytime a girl did say anything to them it would catch them off guard.
“Hi Sam how are you?” Sandy called as she walked by as her blonde hair blew in the wind.
Sam heard his name and looked over his shoulder and noticed how pretty she looked in the red blouse. Right away he felt fear shoot through his veins like always. He quickly looked down to his feet as his shyness kicked in. He could never look her in the eye. If he did his mind would go blank. “Oh, hi Sandy…I’m doing fine” He didn’t know what to say. He had practiced talking to her in his mind a thousand times before, but with her right in front of him in real life, it was a different story. Somehow talking to her in his mind seemed a whole lot easier. He looked back at her and could barley smile all the muscles in his face had frozen up from fear. He was quickly trying to think of anything to say.
“Looking forward to the military coming into town?” She asked with a smile.
“Oh…yeah… I guess so” He mind was going blank faster then ever before. He could count on one hand the number of times he had talked to Sandy in the past, but he was the one who started the conversations after hours of planning. Now out of the blue it was her doing the talking, catching him off guard. He wasn’t prepared. His mind was so blank at this point he wasn’t even sure of his own name.
Jane looked to the other three boys “And how are you guys doing?”
The three boys quickly looked at her with wide eyes. They weren’t expecting someone as pretty as her to ever talk to geeky guys like them. They were all caught off guard. At one point in their lives each of them had wished someone like her would say hi, but never actually thought it would happen. They looked at each other then back at her and hummed and hawed their answers while rubbing the back of their necks and looking down to the sidewalk. Each one started twisting their foot around on the ground while trying to act cool. It was something they never had much practice at.
Jane looked to Bobby “Are you going to take pictures of all the military jeeps when they arrive? I know how you love taking pictures,” she asked in a cute voice and smile.
Bobby’s face turned red as he tired looking at her. “Well, ..ahh.. maybe…we’ll see… I guess” he tired to act cool, but he knew he was crashing and burning. His hero’s in comic books had no problem with talking to girls. He wished he could be like them for a moment. It looked so easy in comic books to talk to girls. He figured when someone else is writing the script is easy, but in real life it’s harder then it seems.
Sandy looked at Sam “It’s to bad I missed your show today, maybe I’ll see it some other time”
Sam felt a rush run through his veins, he tired holding back his excitement and play it cool. No one in his class ever cared about seeing their plays, but now Sandy was asking about them, of all people to inquire. He tired thinking of something to say while looking cool. He could feel his mouth going dry. “Yeah, true… ahh… good idea…”
Jane looked at Kyle “Isn’t it funny how you guys got your name, being called the cry wolves gang.”
“Yeah…I guess it is kinda funny,” Kyle said, wanting to say more, but his mind was blank. He was sure she would never talk to him again.
Jane laughed a little “Not to long ago you guys were always running up and down these streets making up silly stories trying to fool everyone. Because of it everyone now calls you the cry wolves gang.”
Kyle nodded, “Yeah ... that’s true” he could feel his heart beating quickly.
Jane looked at Timmy. “Looking forward to your favorite music group Fly by Night coming in tomorrow?”
Timmy jumped when she starting talking to him. “Oh sure… they’re cool. Can’t wait to meet them… or I mean see them singing ... that is” he could feel his face turning red. He figured when the time came to speak to a girl as pretty as Jane he wouldn’t mess up, but he found himself crashing and burning just like the rest of the guys. So much for being a hero like he always wanted to be. Did action heroes have this much difficulty talking to girls?
“Well, we have to head off now,” Sandy said with a smile “We need to drop of some things at home and right after we’ll be making our way over to the meet and greet in a few minutes. Hope to see you guys around this weekend”
They smiled at the boys and walked away down the sidewalk with a few shopping bags in their hands.
The boys could only watch them walk away, each one with a smile in their face feeling lost in a dream for what seemed like an eternity.
“Sure cool… maybe at the concert” Sam called out as he watched the two girls turn the corner at the end of the street. Now his mind was filled with a million things to say. Of course countless thoughts came to him now, after they were gone. Nothing ever changed. Whenever the girls were around either on the street or in school he couldn’t think of anything to say, but as they where walking away all this thoughts and imagination came back to him in a heartbeat. He could only imagine how funny and witty he could be if he could just stay cool when the girls were around.
Bobby watched as the two girls turn the corner and he called out. “Good, to…. to talk to you” He tried thinking of something better, but nothing came to mind.
Timmy and Kyle were still frozen with fear to say anything or wave.
Sam felt lower then zero. To say disappointed would be an under statement. It looked so easy for all the other guys in class to talk to girls, but they we’re just a group of geeky kids who couldn’t talk to girls if there lives depended on it. They could stand on any stage in front of a large group and act out a play, but when it came to talking to girls they were hopeless.
He knew she was right about them being called the cry wolves’ gang. They used to make up bizarre stories and run around town trying to fool everyone. It started a year ago when the four of them were having a sleep over at Bobby’s house in the living room and watched a low budget B movie about a guy who tried to warn the public about evil robots who disguised themselves as humans who planed on attacking earth. No one would believe him until it was to late.
It got the guys debating for an hour if it were possible to convince the public of something that was true, but sounded crazy and absurd. Timmy pointed out the man in the movie was running around town acting like a lunatic. Franticly running from building to building and house to house screaming and carrying on about the evil robots. Of course no one would believe him. If he had slowed down and taken his time maybe everyone would’ve taken him seriously. Bobby said it would be impossible to get anyone to believe such a story no matter how calm you tried to explain it. He said some stories are simply too impossible for the public to except because they sound too incredible to be true. He said no matter how much evidence you have; some stories are too bizarre for the average person’s to except and history will always question whether it really happened.
Timmy wanted to put it to the test and the others agreed. They had to find out for themselves if it could happen. The next day they broke up into two groups. Bobby and Kyle ran around one side of town in a panic, frankly telling everyone about evil robots wanting to take over the earth as Timmy and Sam walked around the other side of town warning everyone of the same threat, but in a calm relaxed voice. Neither group was successful at getting anyone to believe them, but they did have a lot of fun. So they decided to make up more stories. For the next few months they ran around town with wild crazy stories, each one more wacked out then the one before. Trying to convince everyone they were real. They even ran into the police station from time to time trying to convince the police chief to investigate their claims. Until the chief told them they had to stop and suggested they take their wild stories and imaginations to a stage and entertain people instead of trying to scare them. He was the first one to call them the cry wolves’ gang. Upon hearing it, they liked it and decided to use it. The kids loved the idea of being on stage; Timmy’s mom came up with the idea of performing for the seniors once a month. They used time after school to write the scripts and rehearse.
As much as they enjoyed performing on stage, each one deep down inside wanted something more; they wanted fame and fortune in the big city. They knew if they could achieve fame and fortune the girls in town would be sure to notice them and talking to them wouldn’t be so difficult.
They continued to quickly make there way up Main Street’s sidewalk towards the massive waiting crowd. Sam looked around at the one-story mom and pop stores that lined the both sides of the street. Businesses that have been up and running for decades, handed down to each new generation. Storeowners knew all the kids who came inside; they watched them grow over the years. Everyone knew each other’s kids. The town had no reason for any high school reunions, everyone saw their former classmates when picking up their own children from grade school or walking the dog in the park.
Other streets throughout town had businesses and stores, but Main Street was the place to be, everyone like chilling out on a Friday night by walking up and down the sidewalks and chatting with friends. It was also known for circling the massive park right in the center of town. The decades old wooden bandstand stood in the center of the park. Huge events would be held there throughout the year.
Sam liked living in Springbrook Gardens. Sure it was a small town and an average kid would’ve preferred a larger city. Giving teenagers something more to do. A type of place where the town didn’t shut down after the sun went down, maybe a place with a cool nightclub or bar.
“Located in the middle of nowhere” visitors always pointed out. “Next to impossible to find on a map”, they would say after arriving at the Springbrook Gardens Inn to stay for a night or two. However, the residences of Springbrook Gardens would tell visiting guests they liked it quiet. The isolation was the town’s biggest selling point. Surrounded by a massive forest. No rowdy late night bars, or discos. No such thing as rush hour traffic or crime, just good old-fashioned stores and people you knew from way back when. A place where neighbor’s greeted each other on the sidewalks with a smile and kids walked the family dog after school and finished there homework before dinner. A town that fell quiet at dinnertime, as families would sit around the dining room table in their Victorian houses built long ago. Everyone knew each other, no such thing as secrets in this town. If you came here you had a reason. No one came by, just for a visit.
For months everyone in town had been in a complete buzz ever since the mayor’s surprise announced of the military coming by for a weekend meet and greet. Up until then, the biggest news going around town was the harmful insect making its way across country had been spotted near Springbrook Gardens forest. The mayor was contacted and informed the military would send a helicopter to dust the forest, but to his surprise the General contacted him personally and suggested the idea of a whole military platoon coming by as well for a once and a life time meet and greet with the town’s people. The mayor was caught of guard. He was surprised anyone even knew the town existed in the first place, much less care about bringing a whole military platoon for a meet and greet. The General said it would be a wonderful thing. Why have something as dull and depressing like a boring helicopter fly over a forest during the night dusting for a harmful insect when you can have something as exciting as a military platoon meeting the kids of a small town for a chance to answer questions and take pictures.
Since the military request was on the same weekend as the Springbrook Gardens annual variety talent show. Everyone thought it would be a great idea to combine the two events into one massive weekend of fun.
Stories quickly shot around town of what the military would bring with them, everything from jeeps to armored vehicles to top-secret spy planes. Everyone, especially the kids spent weeks trying to guess.
A few days later the town went completely wild when it was announced rock group Fly by Night was booked for the Friday night fireworks show as well. Never in a million years would anyone in Springbrook Gardens have guessed that a band so well known would’ve chosen there town for a concert. Needless to say the last few weeks has been beyond amazing throughout the town.

Timmy walked along the sidewalk talking to Sam when he quickly took a step to his right as a couple of little kids ran by him with cameras in their hands heading to the same place he was walking to. He glanced behind and noticed countless others headed the same way. He knew everyone in town was either at the top of Main Street already or on their way. No one wanted to miss this. He couldn’t blame them, he to felt the same buzz. How on earth could his small town be so lucky? He knew nothing could possibly ruin the weekend. What on earth could happen which could damper such a glorious moment? This truly was going to be a weekend no one would ever forget.
As the four of them walked along Kyle turned to Bobby “You know what would be so cool, if the military surprised us and brought a top secret weapon with them, like super powerful ray guys and lasers”
“Oh I’d love that,” Bobby quickly said. “I read in my comic books the army has a top secret spy plane that can fly faster then the speed of light”
Sam shook his head as he walked along. “No way, that can’t happen, maybe faster then sound, but not light. Nothing in the universe can travel faster then light” He knew that from the countless science books he read each night. He enjoyed reading chance he could. His bedroom bookshelves were stacked with countless books waiting to be read. He had more then he could keep up with. It seemed whenever he finished reading one he bought two more. At this rate he would never finish.
“How fast is the fastest military plane? Kyle asked himself out loud, “I’ll have to look that up on the Internet”
Timmy looked over to him “Your always on the Internet. I’ve never known someone who spends so much time surfing the net. Where would you be if the Internet disappeared,” he laughed a bit after asking.
“What can I say, I love surfing the net.” Kyle laughed, “I’ve learn so many cool things in just a few hours. I learned how to build toy rockets, world history, geography. I’ve even watched videos from conspiracy theorist talking about aliens and secret societies,” he said with a smile.
“Oh great” Bobby laughed “Your computer is going to turn you into a crazy person”
“No way” Kyle said “I’m not gonna become a crazy guy, but you know what I am gonna be, is famous. I’m gonna star in movies. And not those long boring dramas either, I mean cool action movies. I’m gonna drive fast cars, shoot guns, save the world from evil terrorist and by the end of the film I’ll save the girl” he stopped on the sidewalk for a second and posed like an action movie star with a serious look in his eye and with his hands on his hips.
The other boys laughed.
“We all want to be famous,” Sam said as they got closer to the massive crowds who filled both sides of the sidewalk on either side of the road.
Timmy spoke up “”Well, I’m gonna race cars when I get older. Last weekend I was in the city and raced in a go-cart on a huge track”
“Oh yeah” Bobby said “I remember last month you mentioned you were planning a trip into the city with your parents. How was the go-cart racing?”
“Amazing.” Timmy quickly said with a smile “You need to try it out. You’ll love it. It’s so cool. I drove around the track like lighting. You should’ve seen me out there. I had a giant silver helmet on and I was strapped in the car like an astronaut. I fired around the track with my foot down on the petal. I was rock n’rolling out there. I was as cool as a cucumber. I had no fear at all. I’m ready for my driver’s license. I can drive anything” He reached his hands forward as though holding a steering wheel with an intense, crazed look in his eyes. He started imitating the sound of a racecar’s engine firing up and he took off running down the sidewalk.
The three other boys started laughing. 
 When he reached the end of the block he turned around and came running back still acting as though he were racing in a car. “Not only can I drive, but I can fly anything as well” Timmy yelled out as he ran passed the others with his arms out like wings of a plane.
The other kids laughed more.
“All this just from a riding a go-cart one time?” Bobby called out while laughing.
“Oh yeah, I’m ready now. Bring it on. If you guys ever need someone to drive a car in an emergency, call me” Timmy yelled out half a block ahead.
Sam called out “Just be careful when crossing the street thought. Have to watch out for cars driving out of control like they did when you were in the city”
Timmy came running back and lowered his hands and went back to walking with the others. He looked over to Sam “You have no idea how right you are. That was a crazy moment when I was almost hit by the car while I was in the city.”
“What?” Kyle yelled out “Almost hit by a car? What’s this story? I never heard anything about you almost being hit by a car”
Timmy nodded “It happened on the third day while I was in the city. I was walking along the sidewalk headed to the movie theater; I reached the end of the block and had to cross the street. My light was green so I started walking across and out of nowhere some nut though he had the right of way came flying through the intersection like a mad man.”
Bobby looked shocked “How did you avoid getting hit?”
Timmy shook his head in disbelief “I don’t know how to describe it. I thought for sure I was going to get hit. I closed my eyes and braced for the hit, what else could I do. Then, out of nowhere what felt like a magical hand pushed me back onto the sidewalk.”
Kyle looked over to Booby with an odd look on his face. He looked back to Timmy “A magical hand? That doesn’t make sense. It had to be something else, something that can be explained ”
“Maybe the strong wind?” Sam commented.
Bobby nodded in agreement with Sam “Sounds like it was the wind, not a magical hand from above”
“If you felt what I felt, you’d know it couldn’t be the wind. This felt like a strong hand pushing me. Like when a child is on a swing and a parent pushes them.” Timmy said, “Who knows what it was, all I know is, I thought I was going to be hit and before I knew it, I was back on the sidewalk, safe and sound”
The other three boys looked at each confused. None of them could explain what saved him.
“Timmy’s story reminds me of something that happened to me not to long ago” Kyle said “I was walking along Hudson Street and pass under the flower store being renovated when some bricks fell off the top of the building almost hitting me.”
Sam quickly pointed over to Kyle “Oh, I remember you telling me about that a few weeks ago.” he said “That had to have been terrifying for you. It would’ve freaked me out”
“Tell me about it” Kyle joked, “I didn’t even know what was happening. I was on my way home from school walking along the sidewalk daydreaming away when I passed under the building under construction, all of a sudden some construction worker on top of the building yells out to me to watch out. I heard a woman across the street scream; I closed my eyes not having a clue as to what’s happening. Next thing I knew, the bricks were hitting the sidewalk beside me. I looked down at the bricks thinking wow, that was close, they almost hit me. But the woman came running over to me, asking how did I manage avoid being hit by the bricks. I looked at her and asked her what did she mean? They landed beside me. She said they were coming straight down towards my head, but somehow at the last second they moved away from me. I looked at her and said, it could’ve have happened like that, it’s impossible, but more and more people who saw the whole incident came running over saying the same thing. The bricks should’ve landed on my head, but somehow they didn’t.”
Bobby looked over to Sam “Now that sounds strange” he said stretching the word strange by a few seconds.
Sam nodded “How can anyone explain such a thing? Reminds me of the time I almost fell down my stairs at home. I slipped off the top step and was about to fall when something pushed me back up onto the staircase. Who knows how badly hurt I could’ve ended up”
Timmy looked to Sam “You see, sounds just like the same magical hand that saved me, helped you out as well”
Sam shook his head “It can’t be a magical hand, if we investigated these incidences deeper we would find a logical explanation for all of them”
Bobby look confused “But so many weird things have happened to us. How can it be explained? Whatever it is, it must be out of this world”
They all looked at each other in confusion with no answers.
They walked for a few more blocks. Getting closer to the massive crowds now waiting on the sidewalks at the top of Main Street chatting away to each other under the afternoon sun.
“On another note, we have no problem winning over the seniors with our show today” Sam said.
Bobby nodded “Yeah, the show went well” he said but sounded a bit disappointed “I just wish one day we can perform for our own class at school at some point, but its next to impossible. Everyone in our class thinks we’re losers. Always laughing and picking on us. So what if were not good at sports, that shouldn’t mean anything. It would be nice to have everyone in school like us instead of calling us geeks all the time. Yeah, so what if we like video games and movies, least were not hurting anyone”
Kyle looked over to Bobby “When we’re movie stars they’ll love, all the girls in class will want to hang around us then. We’ll be living in mansions in the city”
The others quickly agreed.
Sam spoke “I just hope when we are rich and famous I’ll be finally be able to look Sandy in the eye and speak to her. I felt like such a geek a few minutes ago talking to her. I could’ve invited her to the Fly by Night rock concert, but no, I got too nervous.” He shook his head in disappointment.
“We’re all gonna become famous one day” Bobby said “Twenty years from now we’ll be guests on a popular talk show, talking about how much money we’re made and the cars we drive. All the different countries we’ve visited while traveling around the world and living in fancy hotels. No one will call us geeks anymore”
The other boys laughed and nodded in agreement.
They reached the top of Main Street and stood within a sea of people on the sidewalk, everyone eagerly looking in the direction of Forest Road, the only road in and out of the quiet town that lead to the main highway. It ran for about a twenty-minute car ride through heavy, dense forest. Tree branches hung over the road with such intensity making it feel like a dark tunnel. Anyone new in town felt creped out while driving through it. Everyone said the same thing about the forest “Felt as though something was inside it watching” By what, no one could say. They only would feel better once they reached the highway and the sun came back out.
The average driver on the highway however, would end up driving right passed the small cut off road to Forest Road and would never have known the town was there.
The sidewalks were packed with everyone from town, hoping to be the first at spotting any approaching military vehicles.
Sam looked at his watch he knew the arrival was just minutes away. He could feel the buzz in the air. It had been running through town like wild fire all week.
Little kids stood with their parents holding their hands. The noise level from all the chatter built minute by minute as everyone else glanced at their watches, waiting in excitement.
“Look at the crowds.” Timmy said in amazement. He had to speak loudly; the noise level was too great to speak in a normal tone. “Everyone in town is standing here and like us, none of them can wait for the army to show up.” he looked at the other three boys “One day we’ll be this famous, I can feel it. Crowds like this will be waiting for us in every city we travel to. We’ll have countless fans standing on the sidewalks just like this wanting our autographs. I can picture our faces on movie posters staring in summer blockbuster movies. Then, no one in class will pick on us”
Kyle nodded “I’d love that. We’ll make millions of dollars. If I had a million dollars I’d go skydiving all the time. Ride dirt bikes and live in a big mansion”
The other kids eyes lit up and they started daydreaming about having a million dollars.
“Oh cool, a million dollars,” Timmy said, “I’d visit every amusement park with that kind of money. Ride roller coasters and race sport cars all day”
Sam cut in “I’d buy a thousand books on science and astrology with a million bucks. Visit museums all over the world”
Bobby nodded “You know what I’d do. I’d buy all the comic books in the world”
The other kids laughed.
“That’s so true” Timmy said, “I can see you buying all the comic books to add to the thousands you already own. Who cares about racing cars, you just want comic books”
Bobby smiled “That’s right. I love my comic books. The only thing I’d love more then comics is for Megan Williams not to laugh at me for reading them ”
“What are you talking about? You mean the girl who sits across from you in class” Timmy called out while being surrounded by countless other kids who arrived.
“Last Friday I tried talking to Megan after school, she told me to take a hike because she doesn’t waste her time talking to little boys who still read comic books. What’s her deal? Comics are amazing. They’re just like a novel, but with pictures”
Kyle nodded “Girls are silly like that. You have to ignore them. Just hang out with the ones who treat you nice. If Megan doesn’t respect you, then move on” he peaked down the street hoping to see a military jeep.
Bobby agreed “But girls only hang out with popular guys. Where just the geeky guys who get ignored” he shook his head while looking down.
Timmy jumped in “Less talk about school and lets focus on how cool the next few days will be. I think its safe to say this weekend will be amazing. We have the military arriving within minutes. The General from the military will be speaking at a school assembly tomorrow, fireworks and a musical concert at the bandstand in the park later that night with music group Fly by Night and if that wasn’t enough there’s just happens to be the annual variety talent show on Saturday afternoon. Now let me ask you, can this weekend get anymore cooler?”
Bobby’s eyes lit up “We’ve never had the military here before. In fact we’ve never had anybody visit our town for that matter. I was shocked when it was announced a few months ago they were coming.”
“You were shocked” Kyle said, “Everyone in town was shocked. Can’t imagine why the military would choose our town. You’d think they would choose some place bigger, at least a town on the map.”
The other boys laughed. They knew all to well the jokes everyone made about Springbrook Gardens being the most forgotten town in the world. Seems as though no one outside the town had ever heard or seen it. Most maps don’t even have it listed, as though it never exist.
The afternoon sun shined down on everyone as they waited on the sidewalk. Some tapping their foot in anticipation, as others held cameras in hand with their restless finger on the button.
Main Street had been closed off to traffic hours before. Clearing the way for the military vehicles to slowly roll down. The sidewalks on both sides of Main Street were now full for blocks on end.
Kyle’s looked away from the road briefly and glanced over his shoulder down the sidewalk and his eyes lit up, he quickly looked back to the three others “Guys, you know how the newspaper hired a new reporter a few weeks back?”
They looked at Kyle, nodded and quickly looked back down the street.
Kyle continued “I thought I saw him at the seniors home during our performance. Well, now he’s headed straight towards us” he pointed over his shoulder towards him. “I think he might be wanting a interview with us. This could be it; all of our hard work for the last few months could finally pay off. If we get into the newspaper the girls in class will finally talk to us”
Sam took a peak over his shoulder into the sea of people and saw the reporter moving their way. He quickly looked back towards the other boys “Oh wow, Kyle might be right. He really is headed straight towards us. Ok guys act cool. Act as though we don’t see him coming this way and being interviewed is no big deal. We can’t come across as desperate”
The others nodded and pretended to watch for the military’s arrival while actually watching the reporter over their shoulders.
A young kid in his early twenties wearing a brown fedora made his way through the thick crowd and walked up to Sam.
“Excuse me young follows. My name is Charles King. I work with the local newspaper and I would like to get an interview with you about the skits you perform at the senior center. I heard you guys call yourself the cry wolves gang”
The four boys causally turned around pretending to be surprised to see him.
Kyle smiled “Hello Charles nice to meet you, how can we help you on this fine day?” he hoped he sounded calm and relaxed.
Charles opened up his notebook “I was standing at the back at the senior center and caught your show and had to grab an interview. Hopefully I can get one before the military arrives”
All four of the kid’s eyes lit up. “Sure” they all said at once. They quickly relaxed and went back to acting calm, as though they had been interviewed many times.
Sam knew this was it. All these months of hard work were now going to pay off. Being in the paper would go a long way of making them look cool and have everyone in school respect them.
Charles looked to Sam “Can you tell me who each of you are and how the group of you got started? And a little bit about what your group is all about?”
“Well, my name is Sam Wilson, this is Timmy Dalby , Bobby Oliver and Kyle Red.” He pointed to each of them as they nodded when their names were said. “We grew up here in the town of Springbrook Gardens. Were in grade seven at the grade school here. We’ve known each other all of our lives, met each other in the early grades. We enjoy acting. Were looking to become movie stars one day. Hopefully we could become famous…”
“Wait stop” Charles cut in and stopped Sam. “Sorry, one second I didn’t press record on my tape recorder. I accidently pressed the play button only. Hard to record someone talking when you fail to press the record button. Lets start again” he took the recorder and pushed record. He pointed it at Sam.
“Ok” Sam said as he got himself ready. He put on his professional sounding deep voice. The type of voice someone has when leaving a message on a doctor’s answering machine. “My name is Sam…”
Before Sam could say another word a little girl with long blonde hair at the top of Main Street pointed and yelled out “I see a military jeep mommy. Their here, there here”
The announcement shot lighting through the crowd; everyone young and old locked their eyes towards Forest Road, holding their breath.
For a brief moment there was silence.
Within a few seconds the first military jeep pulled onto Main Street honking its horn. Everyone eyes lit up and started to cheer. One by one, more jeeps and armored vehicles pulled into town, honking their horns as the soldiers waved.
Charles quickly turned away from Sam and looked towards Main Street to see what was happening “Hot dog! Would you look at that, the military has arrived. Why am I not over there getting pictures?” He turned and took off running in the blink of an eye.
Sam was left standing in mid sentence. He turned back towards the others “How do you like that? One moment away from our big break and we missed it”
The kids all looked at each in disappointment.
“Not a problem” Timmy said “We’ll get a another interview. I’m sure of it”
“Yeah, your right” Bobby said, “Our time will come. I bet by the time the weekend events are over with Charles will want the interview. That’s when we’ll get our break”
Timmy nodded “I agree”
“So, until then, “Kyle said “Lets enjoy the military shall we” He yelled out and started to cheer as the first jeep rolled by.
The other boys laughed and quickly agreed. They turned towards the road and started cheering just as loud. They waved as the first hunter green jeeps slowly rolling by.

The General was inside the lead jeep sitting in the passenger side wearing his silver sunglasses. His dark green military suit was as perfect fit, with his polished black shoes to match. He kindly waved back to everyone on the sidewalk. He never told anyone, but he always like small towns. It was places like this he wanted to defend. In his mind the big cities were filled with weirdos with wild haircuts and ripped jeeps. Listening to their loud disco music. If you didn’t fit into a small town you moved to the city.

The Mayor of Springbrook Gardens stood on the newly construed two-story wooden podium seven blocks up Main Street. It stood a few feet back from the sidewalk and had a massive crowd standing around it. Everyone wanting the best spot possible knowing the General would be stopping in front to greet the Mayor.
He watched as the first jeep with the General inside made its way towards him. He thought back to the Monday morning when he was sitting in his office with the sun shining in reading over some documents when his secretary told him someone from the military was on line one. He at first thought he heard wrong. There was no reason for the military to be contacting him. Sure enough it turned out to be the General telling him about the emergency dusting that needed to be done to stop the insects from spreading through the forest near his town. The mayor felt some relief hearing the news from the General, for the past few weeks he’d been freaking out when he heard the dangerous insect was close to his town. He watched the news almost every second to keep up with the whereabouts of the insect and how dangerous the flying insect could be. When the General told him he could take care of the insect for him all in one evening, the Mayor was overjoyed and said yes to him right away. However he was caught off guard when the General who in a nice friendly voice requested his whole military platoon come into town for a nice meet and greet with the town’s people. The mayor sat back in his leather chair and wasn’t sure what to say. He was surprised anyone cared about the town or even heard of it for that matter to make such a request. Most people hadn’t a clue of Springbrook Gardens existence to start with much less care about bring a whole military platoon for a visit. In fact the town was so hard to find the majority of drivers who were looking for the cutoff to Forest Road missed it. Everyone else on the highway simply drove by unaware of the cutoff that lead to his town.
The Mayor said yes with a smile and the next morning announced the military’s arrival on the front page of the town’s paper. Word of the event went around the entire town in less then an hour. It had to be a record; most gossip took two or three hours.
Since the annual variety talent show was schedule for the same weekend everyone decided to hold the two at the same time. Making one massive event, the likes the town had never seen.
Everyone in town spent weeks getting ready for the weekend event. Kids from the town’s grade schools colored little pictures of army men smiling while standing next to their army vehicles and hung them around town on street lamps and mail boxes. High school kids created a massive banner, which hung over the middle of Main Street. The words “Welcome To Springbrook Gardens” were displayed in bright letters. The town was abuzz over the weekend events, from every grade school classroom to dinning rooms in each of the houses right on down to the local barbershop. Everyone talked.

Jeeps and armored vehicles slowly rolled along. Kindergarten kids stood with their parents waving as the military men waved back. Rock music played somewhere in the background, either from the military trucks themselves or someone in town had large speakers.
The General’s jeep came to a stop at the newly constructed two-story podium. Decorticated in red ribbons and streamers.
The mayor stood at the top in front of a microphone waiting for the General to walk on up the steps as countless people of all ages stood around it cheering as the jeep door opened.
The General stepped out of the jeep and waved to the citizens as they cheered and waved back. He walked up the podium steps and over to the mayor and greeted him with a handshake.
The mayor turned to the microphone “Welcome General to the town of Springbrook Gardens.”
The crowd erupted in a loud cheer.
The Mayor let them cheer for a few moments and went back to speaking “Were very honored to have you and the military visit our small friendly town,” his voice echoed through the speakers as the crowd cheered more.
The General smiled for the Mayor and walked towards the microphone “The army loves you”. He called out to everyone standing on the sidewalk below him.
Before he could say another word, the crowd erupted in a louder cheered.
The General waited for a moment for the cheering to die down “On behave of all the soldiers, let me say it’s our honor to be here. I have the upmost respect for small towns. This is where hard workingmen and woman live. Good old family values are found in a place like this. This is the type of town where the grass grows green on both sides of the street. Where you walk the dog on a bright sunny morning and kids play innocently in the playgrounds and ballparks. This is why brave men join the military, to protect good people like you. It’s small towns like this that make our country great. Somehow the sun shines brighter on a town like this. This is a place of peace, were neighbors know and care about each other. I look at a place like this and I’m proud to be in the military knowing I will defend a place as beautiful as this one. You should be proud to call this place home. I look forward to meeting the people here over the next few days and hope to answer any questions you might have. We’re here to make the world a better place, a safer place. I want everyone here to approach and talk to the soldiers throughout the weekend. See what we have to offer. You’ll love it, it’s better then any video game.” The crowd laughed “Why sit at home playing games when you can have the army in your life. We’ll protect you from the evil. We’ll protect you from the visitors. Anyone wants to harm you the military will be there to stop them. Tomorrow we can have a better future.”
The Mayor moved towards the podium “General, on behalf of everyone in town we would like to invite you to our variety show this Saturday at the town hall. The theme of this years show will be to honor the military”
The crowd erupted in a loud cheer as the applauded.
The General smiled and turned to the Mayor “I would love to be there. It would be an honor to see everyone in this town put on skits for the military.” He turned and waved to the crowd. “This is the greatest small town in the world. You should be proud to live here. I looked forward to the weekend events. Now I want everyone here to get close to the vehicles and talk to the soldiers. Get as many pictures as you like and ask all the questions you have. Were here today to make this the best weekend ever for all of you and ourselves”
The crowd applauded loudly as the General walked back down the steps and moved back towards his jeep, shaking hands with the residences along the way.

Timmy turned to the other boys. “This is amazing. What a cool guy. You can see why he’s a leader. He would do anything to protect this town” his voice was almost drowned out by the cheering,
Bobby called out, trying to be heard. “He is the coolest guy this town has ever seen. Just look at how everyone is cheering for him”
Timmy nodded “And look at all the army vehicles up and down the street. This is amazing,” he said as he looked in both directions at the endless row of army vehicles of all types. “This is so amazing. It’s a good thing this isn’t an invasion, we would be in trouble” he said and laughed.
Kyle looked over to Timmy and called out “And the jeeps look so cool. They look so different then the ones I’ve seen in movies. They look like they were designed in a top-secret laboratory. Not the type you would see in a war. They look like they’re from a science fiction movie”
Bobby nodded in agreement and yelled out as he was lost in the of cheering people “The army in real life is just as cool as in any of my comics books” he said as the other boys laughed “Lets get some pictures” he yelled out as he took off running from the sidewalk and out onto the street.
The other kids agreed and took off following him, along with everyone else in town.
The next hour was spent with everyone walking up and down Main Street talking with as many soldiers as they could about military life and the guns they use. Countless pictures where taken all over the place.
Kids of all ages asked all sorts of questions and given a chance to sit in the driver seat of the jeeps and have their picture taken.
Venders traveled up and down the street selling popcorn and hotdogs.
Every vehicle had countless adults and kids surrounding them under the warm sun.
Even the weather was perfect.
Bobby and Kyle had a chance to sit in the driver seat of a jeep and put military helmets on. Timmy and Sam posed in front of the armored vehicles giving the thumbs up as their pictures were taken.
Bobby made silly faces in his pictures as Kyle tried to look cool in his.
The lineup to meet the General went on forever for blocks on end. It seemed everyone in town wanted his autograph.
The Mayor stood at the top of the podium watching from above. He stood back and smiled, as he knew the weekend would be a success. Everything was running smoothly. The military was in town, what could possible go wrong?
Main Street was shoulder to shoulder with kids and adults. Some of the kids ate ice cream as they listen to the soldiers speak about life in the military.
Bobby glanced up at the sky and saw a bright blue sky with flew clouds. There was nothing in the skies over the town.
As they walked along Main Street Timmy pointed to a bright yellow sign on the street post with black writing. “What’s that sign read?”
Kyle turned around and read it out loud. “It’s another sign telling us to stay out of the forest tomorrow because of the dusting for the dangerous insect which is harming the trees.”
Timmy nodded “Thought that’s what it said”
“That won’t be a problem for me” Bobby called out “I don’t like going into the forest at night anyway. You can get hurt out there. You never know what’s out there”
“I know how you feel,” Timmy said as he glanced over to the grey empty building at the top of Main Street. For the longest time the building had been empty, what was it used for? The windows were painted over with black paint and the large wooden doors at the front were closed off. He shook it off and went back to enjoying the day.
A few feet away Sam stood on the sidewalk and was about to take a picture of an army jeep when Timmy who was a few yards back noticed a strange, old man in rags making his way through the crowd behind Sam. The man’s hair was long and messy with a few strains hanging in front of his eyes. His eyes looked crazed. Before Timmy could warn Sam the old creepy man grabbed him by the shoulder and turned him around.
Sam noticed the old man up close and saw a nametag on his shirt reading John Smith. His voice was raspy and dry “They know about the visitors. They have their own ship out in the desert. It crashed decades ago. They have known about visitors for a long time, a war is coming. What you believe now is not what it seems. You must ask the real questions, look for the real truth. Seek for me in the darkness when you’re ready to talk”
Sam stepped back in shock “Woe, dude, you okay there? What’s your deal?”
Before the crazy man could say another word he noticed the town’s new police officer Daniel Reed walking towards him. He quickly turned and ran off into the crowd.
The officer walked by the kids and noticed their distress on there face “You kids all right there? You look as though something is bothering you on this fine afternoon”
Timmy nodded “Oh it’s nothing, just some weird old guy acting who grabbed Sam”
“Really, was he bothering you? What happened?” Officer Reed.
Sam shook his head “I have no idea what the guys deal was he just grab me and started rambling away about something that didn’t make sense. I guess it was nothing.”
“I will keep a look out for him.” Officer Reed said, “What did he look like?”
“A weird looking guy” Timmy said “With long grey hair, crazy looking eyes. We’ve never seen him before, must be new”
Officer Reed looked down the street for him. “I’ll head in the direction he walked to hoping I can find him. You kids go one having a good time here. I don’t want this guy messing up your day. I’ll make sure he doesn’t bother anyone else.”
“Thanks officer” Sam said as officer Reed walked away through the crowd.
Timmy looked over at Sam “What was that old man all about?” he gave a little nervous laugh while looking over his shoulder.
Sam shook his head and laughed a bit as well “I have no idea what just happened. Talk about odd”
Charles King quickly came running through the crowds over to Sam “What just happened? I saw the policeman talking to you. Did I just miss a cool story?”
“No” Sam said and smiled a bit “Just a nut-case old man grabbed me saying something about, visitors”
“Visitors? Charles asked “Really? Did he mean the army?”
Sam shook his head “I have no idea what he meant. I wasn’t about to ask him”
Timmy looked to Charles “Said something about a ship in the desert, I have no idea what that means?”
Charles nodded to himself “Maybe I should track down the man and try talking to him, find out what on earth he’s going on about” he joked. “Then again, maybe its better to let the police deal with him” He noticed a soldier standing by a jeep with a couple of kids “That looks like a great photo opportunity, I need to grab it while I have the chance” he took off running to get a picture.
Timmy watched as Charles ran off and turned back to Sam “I’ve never seen that crazy old man around here before. Looking the way he did I would’ve remembered him”
Sam shook it off “Ah, who cares, let’s go back to enjoying the afternoon, don’t let it bother us”
Timmy agreed. “Can’t let anything ruin this weekend.”
The afternoon wore on into evening with kids having a great time, the constant sound of chatter and laughter filling the streets. The smell of hot dogs from vendors rising up in the air as they cooked up some treats that everyone enjoyed along with an assortment of ice-cold colored popsicles from the variety stores. A ton of photos of the vehicles and soldiers we’re taken by everyone.
By the time the meet and greet was over the four cry wolves kids had about a hundred pictures snapped.
Everyone in town stood back on the sidewalk and watched as the military men fired up the jeeps and armored vehicles and rolled back down Main Street towards Forest Road.
The soldiers waved and honked as the little kids waved back as the vehicles rolled along.
The cry wolves’ gang decided to head home for the night. They turned off Main Street and onto Bauler Street. As they walked down the sidewalk they passed huge Victorian two story houses with rap around porch. It was the only small town in which all the houses were built in the Victorian style. The houses stood longer then anyone alive in town. Locking away all their passed secrets. Massive oak trees stood on the front lawns like guards. The trees growing since time began stood high enough to touch the clouds. Raking the leaves off the lawns in the fall would take the homeowner all day, but time was something people in the town liked having. “No need to rush like a mad man as they do in the city.” Everyone said.
The houses on every street sat what felt like a mile back from the sidewalk with massive green lawns. Cutting the grass would’ve taken as long as raking the leaves.
Seniors would sit out their front porch as kids played baseball in the parks across the streets. No speed limits were posted on any road; everyone drove slowly because they wanted to.
Families in the town liked keeping things quiet. The town’s history went back before anyone can remember. Even great grandparents couldn’t recall how or when the town came to be. It’s as if the town just appeared one day a long time ago. Most people outside the town had never heard of it and never will. You only came here if you had to.
“Wow, that was fun.” Timmy said as he walked along. “The military is cool”
“And that was only day one,” Bobby added “I can’t wait for the music festival and fireworks tomorrow, followed up by the variety show on Saturday. This is turning into the best weekend ever. I bet people living in the city don’t have it this good”
“And our show earlier at the senior center rocked. I was sure we were going to mess up the ending, but it all worked out,” Kyle said.
They all looked at each other and nodded in agreement.
Sam spoke up “I had no idea so many seniors were planning on showing up to watch today. It had to be our largest crowd yet. The place was packed. These last six months our shows have only gotten bigger and better. I know its not the best thing in the world having to perform in front of seniors, but soon, well be performing our shows for everyone in town and eventually we’ll head into the city to perform and have thousands in attendance”
Bobby cut in “If you ask me, I think our best show we ever put on was two months ago about dinosaurs still existing and how they were out in the forest. We fooled all the seniors that day”
Timmy laughed and agreed. “That was a funny show”
“Oh, common on.” Kyle said, “I don’t think we fooled them. They were just playing along. Pretending it was real to make us happy”
“No way” Bobby protested, “Our acting is way to good. We can fool anyone into believing anything we say. We’ve managed to fool everyone in town with our stories at some point.” He said while laughing. “We’ve been fooling people so often the police chief suggested we start doing our acts on stage just to get us off the street. Best advice we ever got”
“I can’t blame him, we had him fooled more then anyone,” Timmy said.
Bobby looked over to Timmy “Remember last summer when we went running into the police station telling him zombies where on the loose in the forest. They sent a patrol car out there to see what on earth we were talking about”
The boys laughed.
“I felt sorry for the officer who had to drive up and down Forest Road looking for...” he paused for a moment “I don’t know what he would’ve been looking for, deranged men maybe? They could’ve actually have been looking for zombies”
Timmy agreed, “I don’t think the chief actually believed there were zombies out there, but he had took look into it. I think its safe to say, I don’t think he was happy with us”
Sam looked over to the other three “Well, lets hope we don’t have a real emergency any time soon. If we go running into the police station telling them something serious the chief won’t believe a word we say. He’ll just kick as out before we can finish speaking”
Timmy nodded “That’s why everyone in town now calls us the cry wolves gang. We’ve told so many tales no one will believe a word we say anymore, even if we told them the sky was blue,” he laughed a bit.
Sam cut in “It doesn’t matter about the past. We need to focus all of our attention on the variety show this Saturday at the town hall. Everyone in town will in attendance. The theme of this year is honoring the military. This can be our biggest break yet. We can’t settle for second place or honorable mentions anymore. We need to win it all this year. We need to make sure our skit is down pat. Ever word memorized, every little gesture and comic routine ready to go. Our skit has to blow everyone away, something that will leave everyone in this town talking about us for years to come. We have some heavy competition this year. The other groups are putting on bigger and better skits then last year. We need to steal this show”
Timmy nodded “I couldn’t agree more”
Sam spoke “We all know the winner of the variety show gets there picture on the front page of the newspaper. Well, this will be our time. This is the year we win it all. We will get the respect we deserve”
They all looked at each other and enthusiastically agreed at once.
“Winning will be so amazing” Kyle added.
“We win this show and the girls in class are sure to finally talk to us.” Sam said “Give us something to feel good about so we won’t feel so nervous around them”
The others agreed.
“I wish we had won last years show.” Timmy said, “I was sure our skit would win.
We worked so hard on it”
Kyle agreed “We had everyone in their seats laughing. Our comedic timing was right on the money. Everything went as rehearsed. Timmy looked so cool in the big dark bear suit. The way Bobby and I were dressed up as campers running around on stage trying to avoid him while he was looking through our camping gear for the jar of honey. The way we bumped into each other and fell over as we ran around in a panic. How Timmy always hid behind the fake trees on stage anytime we looked over our shoulders trying to find him.”
Bobby tried speaking while he was laughing, “And at one point we were hiding in our sleeping bags pretending to shaking in fear and Timmy decided to improvise and step out from behind the trees and started doing the chicken dance”
The boys all started laughing.
“Everyone in the building was falling out of their seats by that time.” he added
Sam cut in. “Then I came running out as the bear tamer and tried chasing Timmy around the stage. At the end of the skit I tired to throw a net over him and it landed on Kyle and Bobby instead. Timmy ended up running off the stage and out of the auditorium roaring away with the jar of honey”
Timmy tired to stop laughing long enough to speak “We had everyone laughing. I can’t believe we lost first place to the nurses from the hospital” he said “They had the skit of being lost in a parking lot and not being about to find there car”
“It was a good skit though. They were funny” Kyle said.
Timmy nodded a bit. He knew Kyle was right.
“Well, our skit this year’s will be a thousand times better.” Sam said. He looked at the other guys “Now everyone has their lines memories?”
They all nodded.
“I know we’ve rehearsed a thousand times already,” Sam said “But I want to make sure it all goes well.” He turned to Bobby “Your military costume ready to go?”
“Sure is” Bobby answered “I even tired it on yesterday to make sure it fits”
“Good, so the skit will go like this. Timmy and Kyle will be on stage acting like two world leaders having a diplomatic meeting. I then sneak out dressed like an alien in a green outfit with long antennas and will sneak up behind the two of them and try to abduct you. Bobby will come running out dressed as a solider trying to stop me, but because your helmet is way to big you’ll have difficulty seeing anything and everything that can go wrong, does. We will be tripping and falling all over each other. The whole time all this is happening Kyle and Timmy will be completely unaware of what’s going on behind them. Remember the secret is timing. It has to be there or the humor won’t work.”
“You worry to much Sam” Timmy said, “We’ve rehearsed a thousand times. We will be perfect. Nothing can stop us now”
Sam nodded “I just want everything to go well. I know we have what it takes to win this year’s show. With the military in town, this show is going to be remembered for a long time. This could be a launching pad to fame. By the time this weekend is over our lives could be changed forever”
“It will be perfect. Kyle said, “After we win. Everything will change for us. I can see it now; we’ll be staring in blockbuster movies in no time. We’ll be the talk of the town and the world. A few years from now everyone will know are names and love us”
As they made there way further down the street they approached a driveway where a group of high school kids were hanging out leaning against a red car.
Sam was the first one to spot them. He knew all about them, but never took the time to get to know any of them. In fact everyone in town knew about them and avoided them. The first guy Sam spotted was Warren, the so-called leader of the group. Every police officer in town knew Warren. Some people say bad kids come from broken homes. In Warren’s case it was the opposite. His family was rich, polite and caring. They moved into town from the city a few years ago. He could have done well in school, could’ve had a good life, but he found small town life boring and wanted some action. In his mind rules only existed to be broken. It was if he liked being bad, just for the sake of it. He was always looking for something to do, only if it were illegal. He didn’t like school and school didn’t agree with him. When he actually was in school he spend more time in the principal’s office then in class.
Standing next to Warren was the town bad girl named Cindy. Most guys were attracted to her bad girl image, however they found out the hard way she truly was bad. Getting guys into trouble was fun for her. Always challenging them to do daring things. She would tell them “if you love me you would steal for me”. If they we’re caught she would take off. Never taking her share of the blame. She didn’t like staying home much, found it boring. She could be found wondering around the town in all hours of the night.
Brad was a few feet away from Cindy. He liked starting fires. Said they looked cool. His motto was “The bigger the fire, the better”. The police and fire department knew his name all to well. He always made sure he had an alibi thought.
Martin was the last one in the group. He was Warren’s slave. It seemed whenever Warren snapped his fingers; Martin was there to do whatever criminal act was needed. They were all good little soldiers to Warren.
The teenagers had it in for the cry wolves’ gang ever since they were busted a few months back breaking into the hardware store. The cry wolves had finished a show at the senior center and were on there way home when Sam noticed narrow beams of light in the darkness inside the store that could only be coming from flashlights, a few blocks later they saw a police car rolling by. Sam mentioned to the officer to check out the building. Sure enough Warren and his gang were caught inside. It was one of only a few crimes whichever occurred in Springbrook Gardens. Funny how all the crimes were linked to the same teenage troublemakers. Everyone in town treated the cry wolves’ members as heroes for the next couple of days afterwards. It was the first time Cindy and Jane ever said hi to the boys, which made the boys feel like they were on cloud nine. But Warren only saw revenge.

As the kids walked by Warren stepped forward “Well, if it isn’t the losers who ratted us out to the cops”
Brad laughed and jumped in “Yeah, cry babies. They also put on boring skits for the seniors. I bet your next idea will be just as dumb as all the other ones. What boring shows are you thinking about doing now?”
Martin leaned back on the car and laughed.
“We don’t have anything to say to you” Bobby yelled out as he walked by “It was your fault you got caught in the hardware store you shouldn’t have been in there in the first place.”
Kyle agreed and yelled out “Our ideas don’t suck, in fact we’re going to win the talent show on Saturday. I bet your not even it in”
Warren stepped forward as the four kids stopped walking. Warren looked at each of them “We don’t care about a stupid talent show. Were better then that. We would never be seen wasting our time with that garbage”
Kyle looked at Warren “To bad your not going to be there, you would’ve seen us on stage winning top prize”
Brad laughed “Oh please. You’ll probably end up in last place”
“You want to bet?” Sam asked.
Warren stared at Sam “I like that idea. Let’s see what you got. Lets put it on the line. Lets have a bet”
“No problem” Sam said, “What’s at stake?”
“Lets see” Warren said and thought for a moment “You have to come in first place and if you don’t win, you have to wear a sign saying Cry wolves Losers and walk up and down Main Street all day”
“Not a problem.” Sam said, “When we win you ‘ll wear signs saying High School Geeks and have to walk up and down the hallways of your high school”
Warren laughed. “You really think you can win? I don’t think so,”
Cindy laughed behind him.
“You don’t have to worry about us.” Kyle said “Oh its on”
Warren looked over to Kyle “We got better things to do then care about a pointless talent show. Were going into the forest to check out the mysterious lights”
Sam spoke “Mysterious lights? Oh please, what are you talking about?”
“Oh, you haven’t heard?” Warren said “Some of the high school kids went out into the forest a few days ago and saw some mysterious lights in the sky, they came running out of there like scared little puppies.”
 Kyle disagreed “I heard they went out into the forest to party, got caught and told there parents they where chasing strange lights in the sky. It’s was probably nothing more then a helicopter”
“Maybe a new runaway was build at the airport in the city and airplanes now have a new flight path over our town.” Bobby said
The three other boys nodded.
Sam looked at Warren “You see, nothing mysterious about it, probably just stars in the sky. There’s always a rational explanation for everything. Even lights in the sky”
Warren looked back to Sam “Or maybe you geeks are afraid to check it out for yourselves, where not. While everyone else in this town is wasting the weekend away with a pointless variety show where going to be checking out the lights, because were not wimps. We’ll figure out what it is and become famous”
Sam laughed to himself “You won’t find anything, you’ll be wasting your weekend away”
“We’ll see about that little kid. Now, get out of here. I’m getting bored of you” Warren turned away from Sam and went back to leaning on his red muscle car. The other teenagers quickly followed behind.
The cry wolves’ kids turned and walked away back down the sidewalk.
A minute later Kyle turned to the others “Man those guys are losers, always getting in our faces. It’s there fault they got caught in the hardware store”
Sam looked over to him “You don’t have to worry about them. We’ll win the talent show, not a problem”
Kyle looked over to Sam “What’s up with the stories of lights in the sky?”
“Make nothing of it.” Sam answered, “There’s nothing out there. I heard the same rumors going around town. People have said there something flying around the forest casting a huge light over the trees. Its nothing more then a helicopter looking for the areas they need to spray because of insect going around the country”
Timmy agreed “Your right. I bet its nothing more then a helicopter with a bright searchlight. Those losers are wasting their time heading out into the forest when it’s closed off. They’re going to be hit with the poison gas if they’re not careful.” He looked over to Sam “You really think they’ll wear a sign saying geeks in their hallways at school after we win?”
“No, not really” Sam answered “But I wasn’t excepting them to. However, seeing us win will silence them. They will be to embarrassed to say anything to us ever again.”
The other kids nodded and smiled.

A long line of military vehicles made there way along Forest Road headed towards the main highway. The General needed to move the vehicles out of Springbrook Gardens. He couldn’t risk leaving them in town and having kids snooping around and finding out the true secret. He planned on setting up Operation Stand Ground outside of town. A few hours ago while driving along the highway on his way in he noticed a large open patch of land located just off the main highway. It was the perfect place to set up. He knew everything had to be hidden from the public eye; there was no way the town’s people could ever know the truth.
While at the meet and greet the soldiers wore the usual green military uniforms, but the real silver uniforms were hidden away. They had figured out a log time ago the alien radar couldn’t see though a special made silver material. So the general had uniforms made up in the material to mask the soldiers from alien detection.
If the town’s people saw the silver uniforms they would’ve started asking questions. The best way to avoid people from snooping for answers is to make sure they never ask the first question. By controlling what people see you can control their thoughts. Don’t give them anything to question.
It was his job to make sure everything on the outside to the public eye look nice and innocent. The less people knew, the fewer questions they would ask. The more questions they asked meant the more people he would have to detain in a holding cell.
He made sure rooms were booked at the Springbrook Gardens Inn for the scientists. He couldn’t risk having any of them hanging around at Operation Stand Ground and seeing the construction of the supergun and other laser weapons. They would start asking questions and warn the aliens. So he lied, telling them they could stay at the Inn and live in comfort, a so-called nice gesture on his part.
While he was in town the General noticed an empty grey building at the top of Main Street. He had a message sent to the scientists to meet up in the empty building and look over a map after the scientists finished deciphering the pin pointed location of the saucer landing. The scientists needed to be close to the area a day before to study the location with their equipment to find the exact spot. No pointed in wandering around the forest all night trying to guess where an alien saucer was going to land, when they could figure out by deciphering the hidden messages sent by the aliens.
For many years he would head to a saucer landing somewhere in the world along with the scientists to collect information from the visitors. He would have to stand next to the scientists pretending to care about the alien creatures while the scientists talked with them. Afterwards he would fake interests when talking with the scientists about how nice and innocent the aliens are, but in his eyes it was all a lie. He knew the truth. He knew one day the aliens would attack earth. Now the weekend of the attack had arrived, but he had the drop on them. This brilliant moment has been hand delivered to him. A chance to send the weird looking freaks back home once and for all.
He knew the people of Springbrook Gardens had no idea of his true intention. The chance to speak to them in front of the microphone and have a photo opportunity was brilliant. It truly won them all over. He hand them in his hands. They had no idea of what was to come.
He looked up at the dense trees overhead. He knew the aliens had to be close by. They were pesky like that. They couldn’t be seen in the air because of their cloaking device, but he knew they were up there watching everyone.
Soon the supergun will bring down the mother ship. Crash it right down to the earth. The General wanted the aliens to know once and for all humans were in charge and an alien attack on earth was not going to happen. He had never seen the mother ship, but he knew from reports from abductees it was massive, the size of Springbrook Gardens in fact. When the supergun is fired it would knock out power to the mother ship, bringing it crashing down to the earth right on top of the entire town. The town would be wiped out, right off the map, but it wasn’t on any map to start with. The loss of the town would be a sacrifice he could make. The town being completely isolated in all direction was a perfect gift. No one would ever know.
Either way if the aliens attack earth or the military attacks first the town will be lost, but with the army attacking first and winning the rest of the world will be saved. Massive collateral damage for the town, but it would be worth it.

Brad leaned back on the car and turned to Warren “Hey man, what’s the idea of us agreeing to having to wear a sign if those loser win the variety show?”
Warren laughed to himself. “Oh don’t you worry. Those losers won’t win, I’ll make sure of it” he smiled
Cindy laughed “What? Common now, tell us, what evil little thing are you planning?”
Warren smiled “In time you’ll see. I’m gonna make sure those little punk kids losers don’t win. In fact it will be the worst day of their lives”
The other kids laughed while leaning on the car.

A few blocks down the road the kids where lit up from the setting sun. They past under a tree and lost there shadows.
Bobby turned to Sam “When I get home I’ll grab my comic books I have on the military and get some tips on how to act for the show”
Kyle looked over to Bobby “They made comic books about being in the military?”
Bobby shook his head “The comic book isn’t about the military completely. It’s about the military battling evil aliens in a ghost town out west”
Kyle’s eyes lit up “Cool, I loved to see that. Can you imagine how cool that would be to see aliens in real life? I’d love it if aliens tired attacking our town, the military would shoot them down. I would be standing on the sidewalk cheering them on. Then I would get into a jet plane with rockets and shoot them down as well. I can see myself now, flying in a jet taking out the alien freaks. No one messes with earth. Makes me want to watch my favorite movie called The Earth Destroyed”
Bobby quickly looked over to Kyle “Oh, I love that movie. I love the part where the aliens make themselves look like world leaders while their stealing earth’s water.”
Kyle nodded in agreement. “And how the hero flies in a spaceship and uses a gold laser cannon to bring them all down. That guy was so cool. Never once did he show any sign of fear. That’s what I want to be like”
“Just let the aliens from that movie try to attack earth” Timmy said, “I wouldn’t just stand back, I’d be the superhero of the town and save everyone. I wouldn’t show the least bit of fear either. I could stand right in front of an alien and not be scared at all”
“Yeah me too” Bobby called out “Not only would I be a hero but I’d have a cool looking superhero’s outfit as well. I’ll have a cool looking cape and mask”
The other kids laughed.
Timmy looked over to Bobby “I could see you now in my mind, fighting evil aliens with a cape”
Bobby added, “With my cape on I would be the bravest man on the planet. I would stand up to the aliens and stare them down. Tell them take off and go back to Mars”
As they approached the corner of Elm and Smith they passed by huge Victorian
Houses. The kids had known each other all their lives. Sam lived next door to Kyle as Bobby and Timmy lived right across the street side by side. Kyle and Sam always thought Bobby and Timmy’s houses where cooler because their backyards faced the forest. Throughout their youth the four of them went into Timmy’s backyard and made their way into the dark forest. It wasn’t easy with the bushes being so intense and thick. If they wanted an easier way in the forest they usually walked for a few minutes along the edge of the forest line to a spot nicknamed “hole in the tree” a small opening within the dense bush they could crawl through. All the kids in town knew that was the place to sneak into.
At any point in the day or night whenever they quickly needed to talk to each other right away they would hold an “emergency meeting”. They always met in Bobby’s backyard.
Bobby created the famous “emergency meetings” a few years ago. He called the other guys one night around eleven saying he had something really important to tell them and it couldn’t wait until morning. In a hurry Timmy decided they should all meet in Bobby’s backyard where they could hear the news at the same time. They had to sneak out of their backdoors in order not to be seen by their parents. It turned out Bobby’s big announcement was he was going to the city in a few weeks for a major comic book convention. The other kids looked at him and just shook their heads. They thought they where going to hear something major, something that affected all of them. Ever since then the guys have agreed only to call an emergency meeting in Bobby’s backyard when the requirements were met. One, it couldn’t wait until morning. Two, it was something everyone had to hear at once and not on the phone and three, it was really big news, really big.
Kyle looked up the pathway towards his house and turned up the driveway. “Ok see you guys later”
They nodded and said goodbye back.
They walked to the next house and Sam made his way up his driveway.
Timmy and Bobby looked both ways and crossed the street and each went to their own house.

Kyle opened the front door and made his way in. Right away he could hear his sister in the kitchen whinnying away as usual to her mom about not being aloud to stay out late on Friday night. She was only a few years older then he was. Not much ever changed with her. Always wanting more and more and when she didn’t get it she whined.
He was about to head into the living room when his mom called his name. She asked him to come into the kitchen.
He didn’t like the idea because he knew he would have to listen to his sister yapping away. He slowly made his way in. One of the reasons why he wanted to learn to skydive is if he’s ever stuck on an airplane with her whinnying he could jump out of it.
“Kyle can you take out the garbage. I have to deal with your sister.” His mom said.
“And you will have to clean the dishes. Your name is on the list for cleaning tonight. Your dad is out working late; he’ll be home as soon as he can. I would like this place clean by the time he gets home.”
He nodded and started cleaning and had to block out his sister’s whining.

Bobby strolled into his house as his dad worked on his computer in the living room.
“Hello son. How was your day?” his dad called out from the other room.
“Great, had a fun time hanging out with the guys. We preformed for the seniors today” he said from the hallway.
“Good to here, proud of you. Hope they like the show”
“I’m sure they did”
“Did you see the military vehicles?”
“Oh yeah, they were really cool. Got a whole bunch of pictures as well” Bobby called out as he made his way into the kitchen where his older brother was drinking out of the milk carton.
“Look who it is, the wimpy guy who lives through his comic books” his brother said.
“I’m not a wimp. I perform on stage in front of large crowds. What do you do?” Bobby didn’t know who was worse his brother or Warren. He was surprised his brother wasn’t in the Warren gang.
“I play football in high school. That’s good enough. I’m the brave one. I can stand up to anything. I don’t live through comic books”
“Well, not everyone has to play football” Bobby said without even looking at him.
“Only the cool kids” he brother said and walked away.
Bobby didn’t have time for his brother. He wasn’t going to let he’s brother bring him down. The coolest band ever, Fly by Night was coming to town and he had the variety show to think about. Nothing was going to ruin this weekend for him. His brother was always in a bad mood, its something he got used to a long time ago.
He thought about what Warren had said about the strange lights over the forest and it made him want to re-read his favorite comic book. He made his way into his bedroom lied down on his bed and picked up the comic book tilted “Evil aliens from Mars” he pulled the bed covers over his head and started to read with the help of a flashlight. He made sure to focus on how the military soldiers behaved when they arrived in town. He wanted to make mental notes so he could use the tips during Saturday’s show. The soldiers acted brave telling the town’s people not to worry, how everything was going to be all right. He knew the soldiers would do the job at saving the earth. He felt good reading until halfway through when the aliens landed their ships and started sneaking through the town abducted everyone one by one. He couldn’t understand how everyone around didn’t notice. He looked at one of drawings of the aliens and their creepy looking red eyes. A chill ran up his spine and he closed the book and turned bedroom light back on. He gave a quick look around the room making sure there were no aliens hiding in the shadows. He was pretty sure if he saw red eyes in the closet he would run out of his house faster then he could blink.

Sam stood in the kitchen and helped with the cooking of dinner.
“How’s the talent show coming along?” His mom asked as she turned the stove on.
He stood back making sure he didn’t mess the cooking of dinner. He liked helping out, but most of the time he got mixed up on what to do and got something wrong making a mess of dinner. He preferred to do the washing afterwards. It was easier to wash the plates afterwards then to cook the dinner “Great, we have all the lines memorized and ready to go”
“I guess you and your friends are looking forward to the military in town this weekend?”
Sam nodded quickly “Sure are. We had a great time today meeting the soldiers, asking questions and getting a lot of pictures.” He didn’t mention the old man grabbing him. He figured it was over and done with. What would be the point in bringing it up again? All it would do is stress out his mom.
His dad came home from work a few hours later, put his suitcase down and read the paper. An hour later they made there way into the dinning room, sat around the table and had dinner.
“I can imagine everyone at your school is hyped up for the military being in town this weekend, right before the talent show” his dad said while reaching for the carrots.
“You can bet on that.” Sam said “The General will be coming into our school tomorrow and telling us all about the military life. It should be really cool. I had a chance to see him earlier today when he spoke at the podium. I think everyone in town was shocked by how big he was. He was the size of a mountain.”
His mother laughed, “I guess if you’re a big person you end up joining the military. Either that or the military makes you huge” she said as she poured some milk in a glass.
His dad turned to him “Is everything set for your variety show on Saturday? You and your gang of friends have been practicing for a long time”
Sam nodded “We sure have. It’s going to be a tough show this year. Everyone wants to win. Winning this year will mean more then any other year, but I think we have this one.”
“Good to hear” his dad said. “Can’t wait to see it. Which one in your group came up with the idea?”
“We all did” Sam said as he ate his potatoes “We threw around a few ideas, and together we managed to come up with the idea of an alien kidnapping two world leaders, well at least trying to kidnap two leaders. There’s a whole bunch of silly, wacky things that happen throughout the skit”
His dad laughed a bit “You guys come up with some of the wildest ideas I’ve ever heard”
His mom agreed as she ate her dinner.
“Still performing for the seniors?” his dad asked.
Sam nodded “Yes, we had a show today in fact”
“Really” his dad said. “I hope that went well?”
“Yes, it was the longest show we ever written. It was over twenty minutes long. We were nervous at first, hoping we won’t mess up our timing or forget our lines, but none of us did. It worked out”
“Good to hear” he’s dad said. “Hopefully I will be able to catch one of your shows these days. I should leave work early to see you on stage. I work so much I never get to see you on stage”
“I understand” Sam said “Hopefully we will be able to take our shows to the big stage. That’s the long-term goal anyway. Something to look towards after the weekend is done”
After dinner was finished and the plates were cleaned he made his way to his bedroom. He thought about the lights Warren mentioned in the forest and it got him thinking about what could be out in the universe. He sat at his computer, went on the web and typed in “the universe”. A million websites came up as he suspected it would. He looked at all the different options and clicked on a website about the solar system. He started some interesting tips about the moon, how it was moving away from the earth at a rate of 3.8 cm a year. It didn’t sound like much, but he figured over the course of a million years it would add up. He was amazed to read how it affected the tides on earth. High tide is caused when the water is facing the moon and the moon pulls the water towards it. He imagined what the tides would look like if we had two or more moons. Scientists still debate how the moon was created. Some say it was an object the size of Mars striking the earth causing a huge chunk to break away. He read how the moon estimated to be 4.5 billion years old. It has no wind or atmosphere and we only see it because the sun reflects light off of it, it does not have its own light source.
On another web page he started reading about Pluto and how it was now downgraded from a planet to a dwarf planet and the uproar that it caused when the vote took place. Sam thought it was funny when looking at photos of people standing outside buildings with signs in their hands protesting the down grading of Pluto. They demanded it remain a planet. People can sure be passionate about there planets. There are now eight planets and over forty dwarf planets. He was surprised to read that nine moons are larger then Pluto.
What he wanted to know was what is the true definition of a planet? He typed it in and was amazed by the answer. It wasn’t so straightforward. There are many different definitions. There are terrestrial planets and gas planets. The terrestrial planets are made up of Mercury Venus, Earth and Mars. The gas planets are made up of Jupiter, Saturn. Uranus and Neptune.
Sam was surprised to learn of planets outside the solar system that move without a sun. How strange. How was it formed in the first place? He always believed a star was needed to help form a planet. He read about the huge gap between Mars and Jupiter. Strange for there to be such a massive distance. There’s even an asteroid belt between the two planets. How did that get there? Not all planets are the same size or distance apart.
He was shocked when he read how over one thousand three hundreds Earths can fit inside of Jupiter. He could only imagine how long it would take to fly around Jupiter in an airplane. Jupiter was cool to read about. Because it was a gas planet no one would ever be able to land on it, a human would pass right thought it. However, the gravitational force would crush a human before they knew what was happening. He was even amazed to read that Jupiter has rings, however the rings are too small too be seen. Only the strongest telescopes could barley see them. The other gas planets have rings around them as well.
He read another paragraph about you can fit seven hundred and sixty three earths inside of Saturn. However you can fit over a million earths in the sun. The numbers are crazy to think about.
Another article talked about how astronomers for a while thought there were planets in-between Mars and Jupiter. The first one discovered was called Ceres. They then found another one and called it Pallas and then quickly found another planet they called Juno. Another one was discovered soon afterwards and called Vesta. For a while people believed there were eleven planets, until astronomers kept finding more and more objects floating around between Mars and Jupiter. They realized there were thousands of objects in between. They decided to stop naming them planets and call them what they are, asteroids. So Ceres, Pallas, Juno and Vesta were no longer called planets. It was now known as an asteroid belt. A few years ago Pluto fell into the same problem. For the longest time astronomers thought Pluto was alone on its belt, until astronomers kept finding more and more objects just like Pluto rotating on the same belt. Breaking the third rule of what it means to be a planet. That is must be large enough dominate its own orbit. That its mass must be much larger then anything else that crosses its orbit. It did match the first rule however; it did orbit the sun. It also matched the second rule, it had enough mass that’s its gravity pulled it into an spheroidal shape. It would’ve been fine for Pluto to remain a planet until the discovery of Eris, an object larger then Pluto itself within Pluto’s belt. So should Eris be called a planet? But two planets cannot be on the same belt. Pluto is twenty five times smaller then the planet Mercury and only nine times larger then Ceres, an asteroid. Because it was so far away when it was first spotted nothing else was seen with it at the time, but as telescopes became more powerful we now know Pluto is just one of thousands of objects within a belt called Kuiper. If Pluto had been seen along with the countless other floating objects within the Kuiper belt it would never have been called a planet to start with. Pluto turned out to be just like Ceres. One object within a belt of many, but it does comply with two of the three rules. The International Astronomical Union had a tuff time deciding what to do with Pluto. They met for days and actually argued and fought on what to do. Who knew a planet would lead to grown men fighting with each other. The outcome of the vote still is contested to this day. Sam was shocked to read there are hundreds of thousands of objects in the Kuiper belt, mostly made up of ice rotating around the sun. For the longest time, like most people he thought there were only nine planets, a sun and the asteroids belt between Mars and Jupiter. Now Pluto is called a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt along with four other objects called dwarf planets and the solar system still has countless other smaller objects as well. Some objects within the Kuiper belt called Quaoar, Varna, and Orcus might be given the title of dwarf planet some day as well.
How many planets are there in the universe and how long it would take to travel from one planet to the next? Could space travel be possible? So many questions and no one can truly say, so much is speculation. He could only imagine how many planets there were and what they look like. He thought about how wonderful it would be to see each planet. So much time and focus was spent on silly things like money and greed. If only the human race could act as one so much could be accomplished and traveling the stars could be done.
He thought about what Warren had said about lights in the forest. What if it where real? What if aliens are abducting people from small towns like they do in the movies? Everything he had ever read in his science books told him it couldn’t possible be real, but he wanted to know what others where saying. He typed in “alien abduction” and came across countless websites. With so many websites, maybe it was real? He clicked in the first webpage and starting reading some of the stories and watched some of the videos.
A few minutes in he had to give his head a shake; he couldn’t believe the wacked out stories and absurd videos he was seeing and reading. Was he expected to believe any of these stories? Was anyone? The stories were silly, pointless and over the top.
He watch a video of a man in a baseball cap and messy hair tell a story of how one night while on his farm around 3am a short, green alien with a high pitch voice with cute little rounded eyes floated into his bedroom and took him away to a planet called Zena, a land made up of rainbows and unicorns. Sam had to stop the video half way through and laugh. He couldn’t watch another second. Was the farmer expecting anyone to believe his wacked out story? He had to move on.
He came across another video of a man who appeared drunk living in big city trying to tell a story of how he was walking through an alleyway one night when a beautiful, blonde supermodel alien wanted him to get on broad a UFO which looked like a limousine and travel to another world were he would be king. The planet was made up of only pretty female models. Sam laughed and had to move on. Comic books were a lot more interesting then these made up stories. At least they had a story line of conflict and resolution.
Sam clicked on another website called true alien encounters, he wondered what over the top stories this website would hold. He read a story of a man taken aboard a massive silver ship and found himself standing inside the hanger surrounded by rows of saucers. He walked to the end of the anger and down a long empty hallway until he reached a massive empty room where he was greeted by a tall, thin, grey alien with large black oval eyes. He described the mother ship to be the size of a small town, which lifted into outer space and traveled the stars showing him what all the planets and the asteroid belt looked like. When the man returned to earth he told a local reporter the aliens where getting ready to select the chosen ones. A group of human teenagers who would be given the knowledge of the origins of mankind. Information that would change the conscience of mankind forever. Sam just shook his head and left the website. What on earth was the man talking about the “chosen ones”? How could aliens give any information that could change the world? Impossible. Science was the only answer.
Another website had pictures of crop circles and Sam had to laugh. The first few pictures might’ve been believable. Strange symbols and circles photographed from above, for a brief moment someone might’ve believed some higher power created them, but as he scrolled down the screen the images of crop circles turned from serious to silly to down right laughable. Some were of famous cartoon faces and others were of funny looking aliens smiling and waving. One crop circle had an alien giving the thumbs up and winking. The worst part was some alien researchers while being interviewed standing in the cold rain next to the crop circle said they believed the crop circles were real and contained hidden messages from above and if they worked on decoding them for a few years they would figure out the true meaning to the mysteries of the universe.
Even when the people who faked the crop circles came forward, admitted it were all a hoax and explained how they created them using simple tools and techniques. The alien researchers still wouldn’t accept what they were hearing. They said the crop circles creators where nothing more then government employees who where paid to lie. There was nothing that could be done to get the conspiracy theorist to see differently. Sam couldn’t believe it. Why would aliens travel light years only to create silly face of themselves in crop fields? It made no sense.
One thought ran through Sam’s mind. There are many things in the world that science can’t explain, but it doesn’t mean aliens were involved. Just because science can’t figure out how the pyramids were build doesn’t mean aliens built them. Over the decades there have been countless projects completed by man, to an outsider would look impossible, from dome stadiums, rockets, dams, to vast bridges, skyscrapers and space stations. If the people of today can build such complex projects, why not the people of yesterday?
Sam was convinced of one thing, alien abductions where not real. Only people in need of psychiatric help believed they were seeing aliens.
He took the next few minutes looking at websites created by skeptics who questioned UFO and alien stories. Finally he was reading websites that made sense. The biggest questions asked by skeptics is, where is the evidence? All these decades of aliens visiting earth and no clear photograph, or video? The only photos taken of UFOs are blurry or zoomed in from a great distance. With all the high definition cameras out there, why can’t anyone take a clear picture of a UFO? Why are saucers not seen over major cities? With seven billion people on the planet, why are only a few farmers in small towns seeing flying saucers in their backyard and not the military who uses radar? Shouldn’t there be more people seeing these things up there? How can there be no physical evidence that could stand up in a court of law?
Almost everyone has a cell phone with a camera built in and no one can take a clear photo of a UFO? They can photograph everything else, why not an alien? Seeing as how so many aliens seem to be walking around each day. Many famous events in the last few decades have been caught on camera, moments no one could’ve been ready for, but someone just happens to have a camera in hand and caught it, from terrorist attacks, assassinations, accidents, wars, falling stars, weather phenomenon, but strangely, nothing involving alien saucers. Sure there were a few blurry pictures over the years, but nothing clear enough were you can look at the picture or video and say yes, it’s real.
The alien believers claim the government knows and hides the truth. The skeptics say the government is horrible at keeping secrets. Someone in the government would’ve come forward with the truth by now, looking for their fifteen minutes of fame. Or go down in history as the politician who announced to the world aliens are real. Most skeptics don’t doubt there’s life on other planets they just question the stories of aliens secretly flying around earth each day in board daylight and no one seeing them. They question how aliens could’ve discovered earth with the tens of billions of galaxies out there. Mathematically, the odds of them finding earth is next to none. It would be like humans finding a needle in a haystack hundreds of miles long and wide. Skeptics say the majority of people who claim aliens abducted are people in need of physiotherapy. There’s something miss firing within their brain. Are they crazy? No, but they are repressing a part of there minds and its coming out as a alien abduction story. A lot of these people are under stress. Some are fantasy prone. Some are being treated by doctors who believe in alien abductions so much they want to see it in their patient’s stories. A lot of the stories come to life while the person is under hypnosis, which can be dangerous when not applied properly. The doctor even if he doesn’t mean to can end up filling someone’s head with his ideas and beliefs of aliens and the possibly of abductions, instead of hearing the truth.
Skeptics point out that’s it’s silly for aliens to come to earth to steal our recourses. We don’t have enough of anything to justify traveling from so far away. There are countless other meteorites, comets and planets with the same resources of earth. Its not like earth is rare in its building blocks. There are comets made up of pure iron or zinc. Some even have diamonds. Why come to earth and go to war to steal something you can get on another planet for free and have access to ten times more of?
Another skeptic pointed out how a secret society within the government actually wants you to believe the mysterious objects in the sky are UFOs, just as long as you don’t point out the truth. They don’t want people going around telling everyone the mysterious objects in the sky are really experimental aircraft being tested by the military. The air force needs to test their airplanes, but in doing so they can’t avoid people seeing them fly through the night sky. It’s hard to hide an airplane while it’s flying. The air force tests their airplanes at night to limit the number of people who see them. Because it’s at night they need to put lights on them so they can keep track of them. A UFO researcher hiding in the desert sees the military aircraft prototype with its bright lights in the night sky and believes it to be a UFO. The researcher then demands answers why the government is hiding the truth about aliens. The secret society within the government will gladly let the public believe their saucers. The government is not going to step up and say, “no you’re wrong, it’s not a UFO it’s a top secret spy plane we’re trying to hide”. If the conspiracy theorists want to believe it’s in UFO, let them, as long as the real truth does not come out.
Sam had to laugh at the whole thing. It was a debate he didn’t want to get into. He decided to give up on researching about aliens and go back to reading his science textbooks. At least the information on science was real, not like the silly stories of alien abduction. Two plus two will always equal four in the world of science. Clearly the world of alien and everything to do with it was a joke. There was nothing about aliens to take seriously.

As his jeep road along the General sat in the passenger seat. He looked around at the intense forest with its thick massive trees on both sides of Forest Road reaching up into the sky. He had been riding along for the last twenty minutes with the massive convoy of military vehicles behind him. He could see the light at the end of the tunnel so to speak. It wouldn’t be long until he reached the end of Forest Road and out onto the highway. The deep green bushes and lush foliage surrounded him made it feel like he was lost in a rainforest. Sunlight failed to make it ways through to the road from the intense number of tree branches hanging overhead. The forest was so dense it could’ve blocked out sunlight all day. He had a strange feeling as though he we’re being watched by something deep in the forest. He knew it was his imagination, but it still felt creepy. As the jeep moved silently along it felt as though time had stopped somehow. As though the outside world no longer existed. Like being trapped in limbo. No future, no past, no time. An eerie silence filled the air. Where are all the birds, insects? Nothing seems to be moving out here.
He had to clear his mind. He had bigger things to focus on.
A few minutes later the jeep cleared the forest and the bright orange setting sun hit the jeep. He was quickly reminded it was still daylight out. The jeep turned right and headed down the highway. The town seemed to be located right in the middle of nowhere. He knew it would’ve taken a while to drive to another city in either direction. He looked at the train line that ran along side the highway to his left. It will come in handy later on when stopping everyone from leaving town. A large river sailed along side the train tracks. Beyond that, more forest. He was amazed how hard it was to find this town on a map. His men could find any place on earth in seconds with the technology, but this place took a while. It was as though the town didn’t want to be found. If you wanted your peace and quiet this was the right place.
After a few minutes of driving along the highway they reached a clear patched the General had picked out earlier. This would be the location for Operation Stand Ground. Here he would park the vehicles and get them ready for combat. Massive tents would be set up to work out of when preparing for war.
The jeeps pulled off the highway one after the other onto the gravel and parked side by side all in rows. To the untrained eye they looked like regular jeeps, but underneath they were different. They were much stronger, faster. Built to fight a different type of war.
Bright red and black moving trucks labeled “You Move It” had arrived at the location while the General was in town. There was no phone number or website advertisement anywhere on the trucks. Anyone seeing the trucks along the highway would’ve had nothing to go off of if they wanted to rent the trucks themselves. Not a single person would’ve guest the trucks true contents inside.
Soldiers quickly made their way over to the trucks and opened the back doors and the golden setting sunlight poured in lighting up the contents. There was no furniture in any of them, just pieces to be assembled into a massive gun.
Solider 22 walked from the first truck towards the General “Sir, we will start to unload the trucks and assemble the main command center tent for you right now. We will have the temporary holding cells constructed very soon. The barracks for the solider will go up later.”
Solider 28 walked up to the General. “Sir, I will have the men start assembling the supergun right away.”
The General got out of his jeep and smiled “That’s fine, we have time. Soon the war will get underway”

Darkness had fallen over the town of Springbrook Gardens. Everything was quiet as families throughout town were either watching TV or finishing up their dinners.
Timmy finished washing his plate and made his way upstairs into his bedroom that faced the backyard over looking the massive forest that seemed to go on forever in all directions.
He wanted to rehearse his lines for the variety show more then ever, now that the bet with Warren was on the line. Talk about pressure. Second place wasn’t good enough anymore. Now they truly had to win. He passed by his window and quickly stopped and looked out. For a moment he thought he saw someone moving in the backyard by the fence leading into the forest. Was it his imagination? He only saw it for a brief moment and it was dark out. He looked again, closer. Trying to focus his eyes passed the darkness and onto the trees, the venetian blinds were in the way, but he was sure he saw a figure pull back into the shadows as he passed by his window. He couldn’t see anyone clearly; maybe nothing was there to start with. It looked odd though, he was sure he saw a figure close to the large tree move backwards into the dark shadows when he looked out. His mind must be playing tricks on him. There was no way to tell for sure with it being so dark. His eyes had adjusted to the darkness and he could see no one. If there was someone there, they were gone now. The more he thought about it, the more he was sure he was wrong. There was no one out there.
He walked over to his desk and turned on his laptop. He brought up the file with the script for the variety show and sat down to work away at it.
An hour later Timmy leaned back from his desk, he was certain he knew his lines off by heart. They had already rehearsed a million times in the past few weeks. He could see the skit playing out in his mind clear as day backwards and forwards. He was sure everyone in attendance would be laughing away from beginning to end. He kept his bedroom light off, as the light above his desk did a good job at lighting up the laptop in front of him. As he leaned back he closed his eyes to rest for a moment when he quickly sat up straight and looked towards the window. He heard something moving outside. It sounded like a cracking of a stick. The type heard when a nocturnal animal is moving about in the dark, or possibly a human is sneaking around. Normally it would’ve have given him the chills. He would’ve ignored it, writing it off a small animal moving about looking for food in the dark. It wasn’t unheard of to have little critters sneaking out of the forest into his backyard and wander about, but with the mysterious figure he thought he saw an hour ago he knew he had to check it out. What was going on out there? He pushed his chair back and made his way over to the window and peaked out of the middle of the venetian blinds. It was difficult to see anything without the sun.
His eyes lit up when for a brief moment he saw a figure moving behind the large oak tree in the far back corner of the yard. It was dark out, but this time he was sure of it. He couldn’t see any details, but it looked to be the size of a child. No more then four feet in height. Now he knew his mind had to be tricking him. First an adult in the backyard now a child? He knew he had to get some sleep. The figure appeared to move well back into the forest. Whoever it was, was now gone.
A million thoughts ran through his mind as to what it was. Maybe it was just kids playing a late night game of hide-go-seek in the forest? Wouldn’t the first time kids where seen playing back there. He played in the forest all the time growing up; maybe the town’s younger kids were doing the same thing. He continued to stare into the dark backyard as silence filled the night. Nothing moved; he didn’t even realize he was holding his breath. Who knows, maybe it wasn’t a person moving around back there to start with, could’ve just been a cat or raccoon breaking a tree branch and in his nervousness he thought he saw a human. He waited a minute longer and saw nothing move, he was about to go back to his desk turn the light off and call it a night when suddenly, in front of his very eyes a massive bright silver, oval shaped object lifted up from behind the countless trees and hovered just above the forest tree line, casting a intense bright white light throughout the backyard and cutting through the venetian blinds into his bedroom. It had to be at least fifty feet across. Fear shot through his body as he stared in disbelief with one hand against the venetian blinds. His eyes were wide and he was speechless. No way the object could’ve be man made. It was completely silent as it hovered just above the trees. What was it and where did it come from? What on earth was he looking at? Without warning a massive bright flash of white light cut through the venetian blinds filling up his bedroom causing him to cover his eyes. He stepped back and tripped over his chair. He quickly got up and looked back out the window and watched the bright object shoot off into the forest. “What was that?” he said out loud. It lasted for only a brief moment, but he knew he saw something that was more then anyone could explain.
He ran across his room to his desk and quickly grabbed his phone and tried dialing Bobby’s number. He was in such a frantic state he dialed the wrong number four different times. He needed to calm himself down. He took a step back and tried to relax his shaking hands. To many thoughts where running through his mind. He breathed in and slowly dialed the right number.

Bobby was lying back on the couch in the living room with the light off drifting in and out of sleep as a comic book slipped out of his hands towards the floor. The TV was on in the background. He heard the phone ringing on the coffee table to his left. With his eyes closed he leaned over to his side and picked it up “Hello” he said in a groggy voice.
Timmy spoke in a panic “Did you just see a bright bizarre object fly above your backyard and then shoot off into the forest a second ago? It probably lit up your room like it did mine” he rambled on as fast as he could.
“Ah, no, I think I was watching TV or something.” Bobby answered almost falling off to sleep.
“I’m telling you I saw something really weird. It was a bright light hovering over the forest and took off in a massive flash of bright white light. I know it sounds crazy, but it might’ve been an alien”
Bobby looked over to the TV. “Its just your imagination. You’ve been spooked by the stories going around town from Warren. You can’t let that loser get to you”
“No way, this wasn’t my imagination. I saw something out there. Call up the other guys; get them together in the backyard. I’m calling an emergency meeting. We need to look into this”
“What?” Bobby sat up “Get the gang together, for this? Are you kidding? The sun has gone down. It’s way to late for a meeting. Our parents won’t let us out this late”
“Then well will have to sneak out” Timmy whispered.
Bobby shook his head in disbelief “This better be good. I’ll call the other two and meet you in the backyard. I just hope we don’t get caught,” he whispered back.
Timmy hung up the phone and glanced back out his window. He took off down the stairs from his bedroom and outside making sure his parents didn’t see him. He made his way over the fence into Bobby’s backyard and checked the sky. Seeing if the mysterious object came back. He paced back and forth by the swings waiting for the others, always looking in the direction of the forest.
One by one the others make their way to Bobby’s backyard.
Kyle made his way over and stood by the oak tree. Sam was the last to arrive and walked over to Bobby who was bored who was keeping himself entertained by reading a comic book.
Sam sat down on the swing, to small for him now. “Okay, I got a call from Bobby about an emergency meeting. I don’t mind emergency meetings in the daytime, but now it’s late. What’s happening now?”
Bobby didn’t even look up from his comic book “Timmy saw a bright light moving in his backyard. He thinks it’s an alien”
Kyle shook his head. “What? An alien? We called an emergency meeting for this? There’s no such thing. You think it’s alien because of the stories from Warren and his gang talking about lights in the sky”
Bobby spoke without looking up “That what I told him,” He flipped through the pages of a comic book.
Sam looked over to Timmy “Kyle’s right. Aliens aren’t real. You should see how many silly stories there are in the Internet. I was reading some of them, its just crazy people who need medication. There’s nothing out there”
Timmy couldn’t stand still as talked a mile a minute “If you guys had seen what I’d seen, you wouldn’t be saying that. At first I walked by my window and thought I saw an adult moving around in the darkness, but it moved away into the shadows. I thought it was nothing more then a trick of my mind, but a while later I thought I saw something that looked like a little child, and I was thinking how could it be a child out in the forest? Then I saw a massive bright light lifted into the sky and fly away deep into the forest”
Kyle looked over to Sam “What did he say? None of that made sense. He’s talking way to fast”
Timmy kept rambling on, not even looking at the other boys “It’s not to far from here. It clearly was an object and not my imagination. It gave off a massive bright light that filled my room, but it didn’t make any noise”
“No way could it have been a alien,” Bobby said. “Just not possible”
Kyle looked to Timmy “I know what it was. It was nothing more then a father and son in the woods shooting off fireworks. That would explain the bright lights”
Bobby nodded “That sounds right to me. It would explain the two dark figures and the bright lights”
Timmy disagreed “Oh no this wasn’t fireworks or a family. I know fireworks. It was a mysterious bright flying object. It looked oval in shape, gray in color. Big enough for someone to be inside of”
Bobby looked over to Timmy “Maybe it something which belongs to the military. There are in town this weekend dusting the forest”
“That’s right” Kyle said, “Its the military dusting the forest. Problem solved. Probably trying out a helicopter a night before the dusting”
“A new helicopter” Bobby said “That’s sounds cool. Wish I’d seen it”
Timmy looked at the other three guys “I can’t imagine it was a helicopter. This had no wings or blades. It was silent the whole time. It flew way to fast. There’s only one way to answer this mystery. We need to go into the forest and check it out ourselves right now, before it gets away.”
The three boys other looked at each other in surprise then back to Timmy.
“What did that crazy boy just say?” Kyle asked while giving his head a shake.
Sam was just as amazed as Kyle was.
Bobby looked to Timmy “You want us to go into the dark forest tonight, to look for a UFO? This is insane” He looked over to Sam “Talk some sense into Timmy, I think he’s gone mad” He looked back to Timmy “You are aware its dark out there and its late? Our parents will ring our necks for sneaking out now”
“I telling you I saw something. This could be really big. Let’s just check it out and see what it is. It might be an alien,” Timmy said quickly.
“Into the forest, at night?” Kyle said “Your crazy. That’s one good way to end up injured. What if we fall off dead man’s cliff? Hard enough to see the cliff in the daylight, but at night?”
Sam spoke up “First off, why would an alien come to Springbrook Gardens? And if it is aliens, then let the army look into it”
Timmy looked at the guys “If this is what I think it is. We will be on the front cover of every newspaper in the world. This could lead to worldwide fame. The very thing we’ve always wanted. Everyone in town will know our names. We could not only have one or two girls from class talking to us, but all the girls in town talking to us by Monday”
The kids looked at each for a moment.
“Lets go,” They all said at once.
The kids snuck out of the backyard making sure there parents didn’t see them out the window and within a few minutes made they’re way up the sidewalk headed north towards Main Street. They knew the best way to enter the forest at night was walking down Forest Road. They didn’t want to enter the forest through Bobby’s backyard or “whole in the tree”. Even in the daytime it was difficult to make there way through the dense brush and trees. Anyone one of them could’ve been hurt tripping over a tree root.
At the intersection they turned left onto Main Street towards Forest Road. The whole time they chatted away about how famous they were going to become within the next few hours. Bright streetlights above cast their shadows in a light yellow hue on the sidewalk. The stores around them where all closed and the lights turned off inside. Just the signs above with the store’s names were lit up in different colors.
The streets where all empty now, the military jeeps gone and everyone else at home. The banners and pictures still remained. The street festival was done for the night and a quiet stillness had set in.
The kids walked along chatting away about how they would dress and acted during the press conference with a million reporters from all over the world calling out questions. Each one practiced what they would say with the live news cameras rolling and the microphones in front.
They reached the end of town and started walking down Forest Road. As soon as they entered the forest they stopped chatting and started looking deep into the forest for anything suspicious, every little thing they thought moved was pointed to. Each one wanting to go down in history as the first one to spot the alien or aircraft. Like being the first man to walk on the moon, each one wanting to be first. With each passing step the number of trees surrounding them grew in numbers, closing in.
Bobby walked along holding a comic book in his hand. He loved carrying one with him wherever he went. A few minutes into searching he opened it up and looked at an image of a massive flying saucer shooting through the night sky above city skyscrapers. He closed the comic book and glanced up through the tree branches at the countless stars. “You think there could be life on other planets living in cities like we do?” he whispered in the darkness.
Sam answered while looking into the bushes and passed the trees, “I don’t know. It’s hard to say. Astronomers haven’t found a single planet with life so far, not even a single sign of life much less an actual walking, talking alien. Hard to imagine aliens living and working in skyscrapers looking through telescopes at us” The density of the trees now blocked out sound and light from the town behind them. They were surrounded by the silence and the darkness.
Kyle agreed while walking and searching. “I watched a program the other day about these massive satellites out in the desert, big huge suckers, twenty seven of them in row upon rows pointed up at the stars listening for any messages from intelligent life from other planets, so far we heard nothing. The closest thing heard from outer space was in 1977 called the Wow signal. However, it was written off as a signal picked up from our own satellites. Scientists at first thought aliens were sending them a signal letting them know they were out there, but the signal lasted for only seventy two seconds, talk about weird”
“If it was a signal from aliens why did they only send it once?” Timmy asked. “Shouldn’t they rebroadcast it over and over?”
“True” Kyle said “But we humans have sent signals into space one time only as well. If aliens picked up our signal they would’ve heard it once. They might be up there asking the same thing.”
“It crazy to think” Timmy said, “The Wow signal might very well be real. We might’ve heard a message from another life form and the vast majority of people don’t even know it happened. The biggest moment in world history and your average person is to busy watching TV shows and eating junk food to care. That might go down in history as first contact. Everyone wants proof of alien life, well there it is”
Bobby looked back up to the stars “But there has to be life out there. There are billions of planets in our galaxy alone, and tens of billions of galaxies. It’s crazy to think were alone in the universe. One of them has to have life at least. Maybe not humans, but insects maybe, or animals, maybe weird looking fish swimming in water”
Timmy looked away from the forest for a second. He was still jumpy and on edge after seeing the bright object outside his bedroom window, but now that he had his friends with him walking through the forest in search of the source and knowing it was going to lead to world fame, he started feeling better. He hoped he would be the first to spot the mysterious object somewhere in the forest. He looked up at the stars. “Just for a moment though, can you image aliens living on their own planet looking up at the stars wondering if we exist. If they saw us, they would call us the weird looking aliens. We would look back at them and say, were not the aliens, you are. Who knows, maybe scientists on other planets have seen earth through their own telescopes claiming there’s life on this planet. Only to have skeptics on their planet say no there’s not. There’s no life on other planets. Their scientists dream about us as much as we dream about them”
“You think aliens fear us as much as we would fear them?” Kyle asked.
“Good point,” Sam said, “Whenever you watch a movie about aliens it shows aliens as either smart and calm or evil and mean and humans as being scared. If they do exist, maybe they are afraid of us”
Bobby looked at the others “What would you do if the alien Timmy saw walked out of the forest right this second and stood in front of us? I know what I would do; I stay calm and try to talk to it. Ask it questions about its home world. Get to know the creature. In no way would I panic.”
Kyle agreed “Me to, I wouldn’t panic either, only wimps panic, like Warren and his gang, I bet they would freak out and run. I would be cool and calm, like a secret spy. I wear a tuxedo and drive a fast car and have a martini drink in my hand”
Bobby looked over to Kyle “You’d wear a tuxedo to talk to an alien?”
“No, I wouldn’t wear a tuxedo just to talk to an alien” he answered “I would wear one for my secret missions around the world and just happen to be wearing one when I crossed path with the alien”
Bobby nodded “What if this alien turns out to be evil and wanted to take over our planet like in the movies. I would stay cool and save the earth”
Timmy smiled “Yeah, just like in a low budget B science fiction movies were everyday people are called upon to save the earth from weird looking evil aliens. That would be me; I’d be the hero. No way would I let any alien harm earth. I would save the earth, and a movie would be made about it”
The other boys laughed.
“What do you think this alien were after will look like?” Bobby asked as he walked along.
“I bet it’s over seven feet tall.” Kyle answered, “Evil looking with small red eyes, big long teeth and carry ray guns, or it looks like a cute little leprechaun”
They all laughed.
Bobby added “I bet it ends up looking like a giant insect with four arms and two heads and its here to steal earth’s recourses and not have a care in the world. I bet it talks in a really high voice as well.” He started walking around with his legs stiff and arms out. “Take me to your leader. I am an evil alien, I want to see the one you call the General,” he said sounding like he was on helium.
The others laughed.
“Bobby where do you get your crazy ideas from?” asked Kyle.
“From the greatest books ever made, comic books.” He said with a smile. He opened the comic book in his hand “Look for yourself. Look how creepy and evil they are”
They all stopped walking in the dark forest and looked through the comic book lit up by the moon as Bobby turned the pages. Their eyes lit up when they saw the aliens on the tenth page. It looked like a giant spider crossed with a cockroach with multiple arms holding massive guns.
“Cool” Kyle said, “That alien looks freaky. Look at its evil looking small white eyes”
Bobby nodded “I bet the alien in this forest looks just like this one. Determined to destroy the earth with super power lasers that can blow up cites with only one shot”
“One shot? That is creepy.” Timmy whispered. He wondered about the object he saw in his backyard. “Lets hope the alien here in the forest isn’t that evil”
“I saw a movie scarier then your comic book” Kyle said.
“Scarier? No way, which one?” Bobby asked.
“It was called The Day Earth Died. The aliens came from Mars and enslaved all humans. Taken everyone back to Mars after destroying our planet. Nuclear bombs had no effect on stopping the alien ships”
All the kids stopped walking and looked at each other.
“That’s creepy” Timmy said, “How would we stop them if that happened here in our town?”
“And the aliens wore bright metal outfits” Kyle paused and looked at each one of them “and no faces”
The kids quickly looked at each other, and at the same time said “Wohhhh”
“It’s a good thing we have the military here to stop them if it turns out the alien Timmy saw is evil.” Sam said and laughed.
“Why do aliens have to be so evil?” Bobby asked sounding disappointed.
“Like you said,” Timmy answered “ They’re smarter then us. We do the same thing to life on this planet. Humans have always taken from the weak. Look at how many species are on the endangered list. We cut down the rainforest taking away their homes. Because humans feel we‘re smarter we can pass judgment on all creatures beneath us. Maybe the alien in this forest is thinking the same thing. If given the chance to come here they would do the same to us. Look at how humans treat ants. We feel where smarter, so we don’t care about stepping on them on the sidewalk. We put them in jars and watched them live. The ants have no idea there being watched. The same thing could be happening to us. Aliens could be watching us right now and we would never know it. For all we know, the earth, our solar system and the whole universe could be inside a fish bowl sitting on a desk in some alien’s bedroom. Just like how little kids have ant farms in a glass case inside their bedrooms. The ants have no idea what’s truly going on. The ants cannot think beyond their world. Maybe we humans can’t either. Look at how photographers go out into the wild to photograph insects and birds. Sometimes the insects fight with each other. The photographer doesn’t get involved in stopping the fight; he just sits back and takes pictures and the insects have no idea of what’s happening. If aliens have discovered earth there’s a good chance the they take us all out, it what a human would do”
The kids all looked at each other and nodded.
“Make no mistake about it guys aliens are evil” Bobby said “If there’s one thing comic books have taught me, it’s aliens will take out all life on earth in a heart beat. They have no desire to want to get to know us. They just want to get rid of us and steal everything we own, just like an invading army. I bet this alien is up to the same thing. Aliens are no different then humans”
“We better be careful out here” Kyle said, “This alien might mean us harm”
Sam spoke up “If you guys want a good joke just go online and read stores about alien abductions; I couldn’t help but laugh. Only the weirdest people clam to be abducted. You want to know if someone is crazy; just asked them if a UFO has ever abducted them. Of all the stores on the Internet about abductions, none of them could possibly be true. People talking about being taken onboard massive sized ships and seeing other planets. Meeting with aliens with big eyes. How silly can you get? No wonder people laugh at them. I don’t think we have to worry about aliens finding earth”
“And how do you know that?” Bobby asked.
Sam looked at the group. “I read in my science book, the universe is too big. You have to travel at the speed of light to get around. It’s too much traveling. Do you know the speed of light is 186, 282 miles per second.”
The three other boys suddenly stopped and simultaneously looked at Sam.
“Wow” Kyle yelled out “Mr. scientist where did you get those numbers from?”
“Did you just make that up?” Bobby said then looked at the other guys “It sounds made up”
Kyle nodded back “Sounds made up to me as well”
“No, I’m honest” Sam said “I read it in a science textbook last week. The book has some cool facts. Traveling at that speed it will take over 50, 000 light years to travel the width of our galaxy alone. Forget about how long it will take to reach another galaxy”
“50, 000 light years? That’s crazy. Who could live that long?” Timmy asked.
Sam continued “You can travel around the earth seven and a half times in one second traveling at the speed of light. Just imagine how big the earth is. You would have to travel at that speed for fifty thousand years non stop to travel our galaxy”
“And no bathroom breaks” joked Kyle.
They all laughed.
Sam continued, “The universe is 150 billion light years across and is 14.6 billion years old”
“Wow” Bobby said “I have to read science books more often. I’ve never heard those numbers before.”
“It takes the sun over 200 million years to travel around our own galaxy center.
“We will be able to travel like that one day, like they do in science fiction movies” Kyle said. What’s the fastest thing man ever made?”
“That would be the satellite named Helios 2” Sam answered “It orbited the sun traveling at 150,000 miles an hour.”
Bobby looked over to Kyle “That’s insane, that’s really fast. Sam is smart”
Sam laughed a little “I just like to read a few books on science, anyone can read them. You can find a ton of books at your library. Here’s another cool fact, the universe doesn’t even have a center”
Timmy looked over to Sam “How can it not have a center?” he said as they walked along.
“The universe goes on forever, all the galaxies are moving away from each other. There are tens of billions of galaxies and each galaxy has tens of billions of stars and each star could have countless planets and moons.”
“It’s crazy picturing that in your mind” Timmy said “One of them has to have life. Can we really be the only ones? Hopefully we find one of them tonight in the woods”
Bobby agreed, “Lets just hope its friendly”
They each took time thinking about life outside of earth as they continued looking for the mysterious oval object in the dark forest.
They slowly walked for a half hour more. Stopping every once and while to look through the bushes thinking they might’ve saw something, only to turn out to be there imagination. They desperately wanted to see anything, hopefully an alien.
Each boy wanted fame and fortune and knew finding an alien in there forest would change there lives.
They walked and walked looking everywhere.
Sam was feeling tired and looked around at the dark, quiet forest, then down to his watch. He turned to Timmy “I don’t think anything is out here. I really believe you saw a helicopter flying over head.”
Kyle felt tired as well and agreed, “The only thing I’ve heard this whole time is the sound of our feet on the road, and a few owls here and there, nothing around here looks alien”
“Maybe we should call it a night guys,” Sam said.
Bobby was too tired to even speak he just nodded.
Timmy paused for a moment and then slowly nodded “Yeah I agree. I guess I was wrong” he was now beginning questioning himself about what he saw in the backyard.
They each turned around to head back into town, to their warm beds.
Timmy was the last one to start walking. He was left standing alone in the middle of the road. Still questioning what on earth he saw in his backyard. What could’ve lifted up and head into the forest? He looked up in the sky “Hey is there anyone up there?” he yelled out “Can you hear me? If you want me to see you, you will have to show yourself now. Were all ready to see you” he looked at all the stars in the sky and lowered his head. He looked back at the other guys. “Oh well, worth a shot.” He laughed to himself and started walking towards them and passed by Bobby who had taken out his comic book again and was flipping through the pages looking at the creepy aliens images.
Bobby was lost in the story line when he looked up and noticed the three others where way ahead of him. He was about to start walking when he heard something moving in the dark forest a few yards in. He froze and slowly looked back over his shoulder and tried seeing what it was. “What’s in there?” He whispered to himself. He turned back towards the other three. “Hey guys,” he whispered as loudly as possible, hoping not to scare away whatever was moving. “Something’s moving in forest” he called out as he pointed. “It sounds really big”
The three other boys stopped and looked at each other with concern and then in the direction Bobby was pointing.
“What did you hear?” Sam called out, his voice echo in the forest.
“Sounded like a small tree branch on the ground breaking” Bobby whispered back as he stared into the darken forest. “As though someone stepped on it”
“You sure? Maybe it was an owl landing on a tree branch,” Kyle said.
Sam walked over to Bobby and looked closer through the trees. He quickly jumped back when something large move in the darkness. Behind the moving object he noticed a fate glowing light. He looked back to the others “He might be right guys. I see I bright light deep in the bushes to our right”
Timmy and Kyle both looked at each other for a moment in amazement. They quickly ran down the road and looked were Sam was pointing. They tried looking through the bushes for the light. It was next to impossible to get a clear view with the dark thick bushes in the way.
“We need to check it out. We’ll have to get closer,” Kyle whispered.
Timmy felt amazed that the object he saw from his bedroom might turn out to be something real. He knew he witness something big, he didn’t imagine it.
The four of them slowly moved off the road and closer into the dark forest by a few feet. Trying not to trip over the roots or rocks.
Bobby peaked through the bushes “I can see the light a little bit better. Its really deep in the bushes though, maybe it’s the flying object Timmy saw from his window”
Timmy could feel his heart racing.
“Cool” Kyle added, “I see it as well.” He called out as he pointed “That light is way to bright to be any car, it has to be what you saw flying above your bedroom.”
“Think it’s a landed helicopter?” Bobby asked as the forest closed in around them.
“No way, we would’ve heard it fly over our heads” Sam said, “But we’re not getting any answers standing this far back. Lets get closer”
“Lets hope whatever it is, isn’t evil” Bobby whispered.
The others quickly agreed and started moving inch by inch deeper into the forest, being careful not to make any noise. All four leaned forward staying low to the ground. Pushing the bushes and tree branches out of the way as they moved. Each one wanting to be the first to identify the source of the bright light.
Timmy knew in his heart something big and mysterious was ahead in the open patch of grass, but from where he was standing the only thing he could see was the thick tree branches right in front of his face “So hard to tell what it is” he whisper.
The other three boys nodded in agreement. They slowly approached a large oak tree. They knew once they were around the tree the mystery bright object would finally be revealed.
They each stepped closer and closer their footsteps matching in sync. They leaned forward, staying low and close to each other, holding there breathes. Not a sound in the forest could be heard. They were a foot away from the large oak tree ready to look around it having all of there questions answered, when something suddenly stood out from behind the large tree and stood right in front of them.
The kids looked up at it and froze in fear. They saw a short, thin, grey figure with large black oval eyes starring down at them, lit up from behind by the bright glowing object that sat on the forest ground.
For a second none of them could move or say a word. They just stared up at it for what felt like an eternity.
Bobby was the first to scream, followed by the others all at the same time. Bobby turned and took off running as the others followed, all still screaming.
The kids pushed and smashed through the braches and leaves. Jumping over the rocks and tree roots. Nothing was going to slow them down. They would’ve ran through a wall if one stood in front of them. Each one screaming as loud as they could out of pure fear as they ran along.
Timmy gave one quick look back and saw the mystery figure still standing in the same spot showing no emotion. He wasn’t ready to find out if it was the mysterious object from his back window. He didn’t care. He just kept running.
They all tried running faster then the other. None of them wanting to the last guy incase the creature chased after them. They were running faster then they had ever ran in their life pushing aside the heavy, thick trees braches. They cleared the forest within seconds and didn’t stop running once they reached the road. They took off down Forest Road back towards town.
They only began to slow down once they reached the safety of Main Street, leaving all the trees and darkness behind. They stopped on the sidewalk next to the variety store. None of them could stand still. They were all freaked out.
“What on earth was that?” Kyle yelled out, out of breath, as he couldn’t stand still.
“You got that question right, asking what on earth?” Bobby said, “I’m telling you we just saw an alien” he nodded to himself. Leaning over breathing hard.
“That has to be impossible,” Sam yelled out “They don’t exist, just in movies” he paced up and down the sidewalk, trying to relax.
“We all saw it. It looked like it had big black oval eyes.” Kyle said.
Bobby nodded “It looked short and thin. I’ve seen those types of aliens on TV documentaries. People who have been abducted see those types of aliens all the time. I think the town of Springbrook Gardens has it’s own alien”
“We have to be logical about this.” Sam said, “There is no way a town like Springbrook Gardens has it’s own alien. That’s insane. Were not even on any map, why would an alien choose this place to land?”
“You saw what we saw. How would you explain it?” Kyle called out. “You saw the eyes on that thing. Nothing on earth looks like that.”
Timmy wanted to believe, but one thought ran through his mind “It might’ve been someone in disguise”
The three others paused for a moment and looked at each other.
“Wait a second, he might have a point.” Sam said quietly.
“I bet it was Warren and his gang trying to trick us,” Timmy said.
They all took a step back in disbelief as the idea hit them.
Kyle slapped himself on the forehead. “I can’t believe I fell for it. Warren got us.”
“Of course” Bobby yelled out. “There’s no alien in our small town, it’s just a high school loser with a mask”
They all looked at each other and nodded in embarrassed agreement.
Timmy spoke “He tricked us into going into the woods. They went around town spreading rumors about strange lights in the sky and they knew someone from town would go into the forest and try to find out what it is. I bet it was him I saw outside my bedroom a few hours ago. I bet the bright light I saw was nothing more then a bright light hanging from a pole, hoping I would see it. Wanting us to go into the forest and scare us while wearing an alien mask”
“And we were dumb enough to fall for it. I bet those losers are back they’re right now laughing at us. I bet if we listen close enough, we will hear them laughing” Kyle said.
“I can’t believe we fell for that” Bobby stood a few steps away looking up in the dark sky in disbelief.
“This is crazy. We were tricked” Kyle said as he shook his head.
“Guys, lets head home and forget this ever happened” Sam suggested
“Now that’s the best idea I’ve heard all night,” Bobby added.
“Don’t tell anyone what happened here tonight” Sam added.
“No problem” Kyle said “I’m telling no one, ever”
“At least this night taught us one thing. There’s no such thing as aliens. Just in comic books, not in real life” Sam said as he turned to head for home.
The other three followed with their heads low. They walked the rest of the way to embarrass to say anything. A huge moment for fame just passed them by.
Timmy couldn’t understand how Warren and his gang made the massive oval shaped object fly over his house with such intense bright light. The object had to be over fifty feet in length. He decided it was better not to say anything.
As they walked down Main Street none of them noticed the short thin object in the dark forest watching them walk away. The figure had big black oval eyes.
One day before “the event”
The next day as noon was approaching the cafeteria in Springbrook Gardens elementary school began to fill up with kids from grade one to eight. The noise level
from all the chatter had steadily increased minute by minute. The sounds of laughter and small talk filled the room along with the pulling out of chairs to sit down.
Kyle was eating his lunch at the cry wolves’ usual table next to Bobby. He turned to Sam who was to his right “We will miss math today because of the assembly in the gym after lunch. The General is coming in to talk to us about how cool the military is.”
Sam nodded “We’ll have science class first, then head down for the assembly”
Timmy was the last to join the group he starting talking as soon as he pulled his chair out to sit down “I was walking down the hall and overheard some of the teachers talking. There are a lot of stories going around the school about the bright light yesterday night over the forest. Turns out I wasn’t the only one to see it”
Sam lowered his head and whispered “Well, don’t mention anything about us going out to look. We don’t need anyone in the school laughing at us. Can you imagine if everyone found out how scared we were and how fast we ran? They would be laughing for months. It appears no one has caught on yet. Lets keep it that way”
“You know, just for the record. Warren and his loser group haven’t come around our school today trying to find us to laugh in our faces” Kyle added.
Sam looked over to him “Maybe they didn’t get a good look at our faces. Whoever was wearing the mask probably couldn’t see out of it. It’s not easy seeing out of a mask in the dark. He knows he sacred some kids, but couldn’t tell which ones because it was too dark out. If we let anyone in school know we were in the forest, Warren and his gang will put two and two together and know it was us they scared. Giving them all they need to laugh at us for months to come”
The three boys nodded in agreement and kept there heads down low, hoping rumors of a group of kids getting scared in the forest haven’t already made there way around.
“Hi guys” a female voice said.
Sam and Timmy looked over their shoulder and noticed Sandy and Jane standing behind them.
As much as Sam liked Sandy he was too embarrassed from yesterday to talk, but then again it was Sandy so he would try his best to be nice “Oh hi Sandy…. Good to see you today”
“How’s your day been so far?” she asked with a smile.
He felt himself getting a bit nervous, wanting to say the right thing. “Oh, well you know, going ok.”
“How was your evening?” she asked, “Did you go out anywhere?”
He jumped inside, why was she asking such a thing? Did she know something? Could it be she was only asking to be nice, or maybe the rumors have started around town and she suspected him? He knew he had to play it cool. “Oh…the evening. It went well.” He tired his best to act calm. He wondered if the other guys where feeling the same way. Maybe she had no idea of what happened in the forest.
“Looking forward to the General’s speech in the hall later?” she asked.
Sam had a million thoughts go through his head. “Oh… yes… the General’s speech. I forgot about that. Yes, I do hope it’s a good one.”
“I know how you feel. I’m hoping it’s not to boring” she smiled. “What class do we have next, I forgot?”
His mind was going blank. He had to think for a second “Science” he tried saying it while acting calm, it was bad enough he had trouble talking to her on any normal day, but today was the worse. He was convinced everyone in the school and town knew about the scam and how the cry wolves’ gang fell for it. He was expecting her to start laughing at him at any moment. It would be something he could never live down. Not only would Warren and his gang laugh, but Sandy as well. He was sure within a few hours the cry wolves gang would be the biggest joke in the entire town. They would probably be laughed off the stage at the variety show.
Timmy and Kyle were in their seats just as nervous. Believing Jane could read their minds and know they were in the forest. They tried there best not to look nervous. They tired leaning back in their chairs looking relaxed, but not too relaxed. It was harder then it seemed, they were never calm even on a normal day around her. They both wondered if Sandy and Jane knew and was just waiting for the right moment for to start laughing at the group.
Timmy looked around the cafeteria at all the kids eating there lunches and talking. They couldn’t believe they fell for the trick in the forest. Now it was a guessing game, how long until all the kids in school find out?

After lunch was finished the kids went back to their class and sat at their desks.
Their teacher Miss Jones stood at the front. “Ok kids we have a few minutes before we are called to the assembly. It’s time for science. Take out your textbooks and we will continue were we left off yesterday.” She walked around the room and handed each child two magnets. The kids sat at their desks holding the magnets in there hands. Some of the kids placed the opposite ends together and tried to pull them apart.
She walked back towards the front of the class and stood in front of the chalkboard. “Yesterday we were learning about magnetics. Lets see who remembers yesterdays lesson. Who can tell me about positive and negatives?”
Gina Canes put up her hand “If you take two magnetics that are the same they repel each other. However if the magnetics are opposite they will attract.”
“Good answer Gina and what are the two sides called?”
“Positive and a negative” she answered.
“Now who can answer this questions, magnetism is a force made by?”
“Electrons” Stacey called out from the back.
Timmy held the two magnets in his hands. He place the two positive ends together and they pushed apart.
Some of the other kids in the class moved the positive to the negative close to each other and they pulled together.
“Its like glue” Kyle said and laughed at bit. “Hard to pull them apart. They fight back”
“It sure is like glue, its like gravity” Bobby joked “Can you image if magnetics where gravity? We would never get off the planet.”
Miss Jones looked at the class “How many iron atoms are there?”
“26 electrons” Clair called out from the front row.
“Correct Clair. Now can someone tell me how can you make a magnet?” she looked around the class.
Kyle put up his hand “You can take a lodestone and rub iron on it” He turned to Sam and whispered, “I remember reading that a few days ago”
Miss Jones asked, “Can you name the two kinds”
Timmy put up his hand “Permanent and induced. Magnets are usually made from iron or steel, but copper, nickel and cobalt can be used”
She looked around the class “Can you name a really big magnet”
Sam lifted his hand “The earth”
“That’s right Sam”
“Can you name an object that has a magnet inside?” she asked
Meagan Williams in the third row put up her hand “Would it be a compass?”
“Yes it would Meagan,” she said.
Bobby glanced over to Meagan and wanted to say something nice to her, but decided against it. He figured it was better to not say anything that would end up embarrassing him. He turned to Timmy “I didn’t know if you put a magnet under a pieces of paper and placed iron powder on top, you can see the invisible magnet field when the particles stick to it, that’s so cool.”
Timmy nodded and agreed “Magnets are cool. I heard there’s a train that can travel really fast because it uses magnets as it runs along a track instead of diesel or electricity”
“No way” Bobby whispered back “That sounds so cool”
“They call it magnetic levitation. It can lift an abject that’s very heavy up into the air. An object is suspended in the air with the use of magnetic fields.”
“Wow, how can that happen? I bet you can left anything with magnets,” Bobby said. “You can take any heavy object and make it lite with magnets”
“I read the magnetic pressure is used to counteract the effects of the gravitational pull.” Timmy said while holding the magnets.
“Cool. I have to read more about that.”
Miss Jones continued to teach as the kids continued to take notes and talk in class.

A half hour later the secretary made an announcement over the P.A. asking teachers to bring their class down to the assembly hall. The kids stood up and quietly made there way down the hall. Class by class they made there way in and sat down in the rows the teacher pointed out for them. The younger smaller kids in the front with the older ones at the back. Ambient noise filled the hall as kids chatted away to each other.
After everyone was seated the school’s principal Mr. Bailey walked up on stage and thank everyone for coming down on time. He had short hair on the sides with no hair on top, a blazer with leather patches on the elbows and always with a smile. He read aloud from the paperwork in his hands. He introduced the General and the kids applauded.
A colossal sized tall man in a military uniform with sliver hair and silver sunglasses walked out and stood at the center of the stage with a large school flag behind him. He placed his hands behind his back. He looked at the kids for a moment before speaking. You could hear a pin drop, no child in the room dared not speak. His voiced echoed throughout the school with each word. “Today, you have a moment here to see how much the military cares about you. There are evil things in this world, above and below us. You never know were the enemy is hiding. They could be right next to you, living next-door, or halfway around the world. We need to work together to make the world a better, safer place. We have a lot of invaders coming into our country and into our small towns. They could be around us at all times or watching us from above. We need to get rid of them. Make the world safe. That’s what the army is all about making the world safe for all the kids. Who knows what they look like, how big there eyes are, how short or tall. What color their skin is. Be it white, black, yellow, brown, or even grey. There are some people you just can’t trust. That’s why you need the military. We are the first and last line of defense and we get the job done. Yes it’s true we have our critics, but we don’t focus on the negative. Critics are no more then individuals who cannot see the bigger picture. The military knows what we are fighting for; we see innocence, our loved ones and this great land. We know how hard our ancestors worked at building this land, we are not going to hand it over to invaders, no matter were they come from. If we put our guard down, they will attack, we must be ready at all times. There are some who question the military, but when the invasion starts, will they be calling upon us to save them? You bet they will, and will we? Of course we will. Its what the military does, it protects everyone, even our toughest critics. Everyone in big cities right down to the small towns and families. We do not pick and choose who to protect. We protect everyone” He walked to the right hand side of the stage “We can not let the fight to come to our doorstep we need to stand tall, stand proud and sent a message to our enemy that we are not cowards, but we are in fact smarter and stronger then they are. We cannot let the bleeding hearts get in our way. The idea of making peace with the enemy only allows are enemy into our lives so they can stab us in the front. If you get stab in the back, it’s not your fault. It’s the equivalent of a sucker punch. Any coward can do that to you, but to be stab in the front, well, that meant you allowed your enemy to get close enough; you put your guard down. That’s your fault.” He walk to the other side of the stage “We don’t like fighting, we like protecting. There’s a difference. I look at this fine town and its fine people and I believe in the future of this planet because of smart kids like yourselves. I look at the kids in the big city and they seem lost. You kids still play baseball and have dinner with your family around the table. This is what values are all about. I’m proud of humans and what they do, I won’t allow any outside forces come in and try to take over and take away our values, no sir, not on my watch.” He paused for a moment “You kids admire video game heroes? Well if you want real heroes look to the military. You will never find a greater group of harder working men who will give the ultimate sacrifice then the soldiers who fight on the front lines. Being free is what it’s all about. You work hard and you will be rewarded in life with all the things money can bring you. You like fancy cars and big houses? Well you work hard and you can have them, but you will need to work hard though. Rewards never come to the lazy. Never fear your fellow man, give them hell if you need to. Fight for what you believe in. Greed will get you places. Greed should never be feared. Greed will bring nice things into your life. Don’t waste your time getting to know your enemy. That’s what the left wing will tell you to do. Look at our world, its going down the drain because of the left wing. Sometimes war is needed. There have been times when war has brought peace. Wanting the gold is not a bad thing. You never enter a race looking to finish second. You want the gold, so does your opponent, so it pushes you onward. That’s how we humans have evolved. That’s how the human race will evolve in the future, all because of greed. Cavemen in the past had to fight for there food or they would die off, because of there fighting they survived and became us.
Get a backbone, get into the game of life and take no prisoners. Love you family, love your home and no matter what love your planet. Fight for it, if someone wants to take it from you; you need to stand your ground. To many weak-minded politicians in office today. Can you imagine what the world would be like if those spineless politicians we have today we’re around decades ago during the great world wars. We would still be fighting today, for crying out loud. But no, the wars ended and they ended quickly, because all the soldiers believed in what they were fighting for. They wanted their dreams to come true. They were not weak like the people of today are. Too many bleeding hearts telling us that greed and war are not good things. Well, its there attitude that has gotten us in the mess we’re in now. The world is weak, because people are weak minded. We lost our will to fight. Not just wars but to build, to lead, to win for progress. Some of the greatest engineering feats came during wartime or right after, why? Because mankind had the killer instinct in his blood. He wanted more, he wanted to challenge himself. Think big and go after the dreams. The adults of today are soft, they’re lazy. They don’t know how good they have it. Make no mistake the world is set up like a pyramid. Only the strong are at the top, the weak minded live at the bottom. The choice is yours as to where you will be on the pyramid. Love is a nice thing, but greed gets you further in life.”
As the General spoke he thought back to the days was he was young. When he was seven and helped his dad in building a bomb shelter out in his backyard. He remembered the small town he grew up in, with drive-in movie theaters, mom and popshops and one stop light in the center of town. A time when the pace of life was slower when neighbors cared for their fellow neighbor. When TV shows where in black and white. Adults still listened to the suspense thrillers on the radio. Where bedtime was ten and you woke up with the sunrise. Where having fun meant hanging out with classmates and getting a ice cold soda from the corner story and playing baseball on the sand lot, not video games or chat rooms in a dark basement while eating oversized bags of chips. Where you earned a dollar and that dollar went a long way. While everyone else gathered around to watch the new thing in town called “television” he preferred the radio. He loved nothing more then to be rapped up in a blanket sitting net to the radio and listening to “theater of the mind drama shows” everything from the cowboys to gangster wearing a fedora and tommy gun. But the one he loved best was the story about aliens invading earth and how it was broadcast like a news event. Everyone reacted as though it were real. Some even stood outside the front door with shotguns in hand. He still remembered how the broadcast gave him the creeps. He always wondered what he would’ve done if it where real.
He remembered being by his dad’s side and handing him the tools requested to complete the bomb shelter. He admired his dad and wanted to be just like him. A strong man who never backed down from anything. He asked his dad what country they had to fear. From what part of the globe was the danger going to come from. His dad said it wasn’t another country, in fact he didn’t give any answer out loud, he he just looked up. The General knew something was more at stake then a threat from another country. His dad had dedicated his life to the military as a spy. Checking out other country’s weapons and technology. Making sure no sudden attacks were ever launched. He never showed fear or weakness. It was the one thing the General always remembered about his dad, until the Monday morning when his dad came home from a weekend assignment. The morning sun lit him up from the back as he walked through the door. The neighborhood was quiet. There was something different about him. His eyes said he somewhere else. As though his confidence and strength where gone, replaced with doubt. The General knew he’s dad saw something that changed him.
It was three days before; in the middle of a Friday night while his dad was in bed when he got a call from work telling him it was something top secret and he had to come in right away. The General only heard a bit of the conversation from his bedroom. He didn’t know what the man on the other end said in detail, but he heard his dad tell his mom it would be in right away. It wasn’t out of the ordinary; his dad got phone calls like that all the time, but that phone call changed everything. Even though the General was young he knew something was odd that Monday morning. His dad just walked around the house with a thousand mile stare in his eyes, as though his thoughts where somewhere far away. He walked from room to room mumbling something about god and religion, as though he was questioning the very core of them. It wasn’t until a few days later he’s dad finally got his senses back and talked about what he saw.
He sat at the dining room table with the sun coming in the window lighting up the room and said “something” on a Thursday night crashed out in the desert during an electrical storm. Some farmer was in his living room reading a book and heard a crash. The farmer thought it was odd hearing something crash out in the desert. It’s not like there a lot of traffic in the sky. So when the morning sun came around he went out in his pick up truck to investigate, not knowing what he would find. The early morning sun reflected off bright metal pieces scattered on the desert ground. The farmer approached it and picked up a few of the pieces and looked it over. He knew something was odd about it. He couldn’t explain what, but he just knew it was “different”. He brought some of the pieces with him as he drove into town. He thought the military would have some answers. He figured whatever it was; it must belong to the army. Well, when inside the office the first military man who looked at the pieces was completely baffled as to what it was. Other military men were called into the room to try to guess as to what it was and where it came from, but they too were in the dark of its origins. Everyone in the room agreed on one thing. Since it was found in the desert, it had to have fallen from the sky, but who build it? Was it another country? But where did they get the technology? All the spies hiding in other countries hadn’t reported on any new breakthroughs in the development of metals. That’s when the General’s dad was called. They told him to drive out in the desert and collect the pieces and bring it back to a hanger. He’s dad thought nothing of it. When he got out in the desert he picked up a piece of the metal and was shocked to find it weight, nothing. The pieces, no matter what size, big or small had no weight. In fact you could squeeze the metal pieces in your hand and crush it like tinfoil, but when you opened your hand up the metal pieces would unfold and go back to being flat with no creases. It looked as though you could rip it in half like tinfoil, but no matter how hard you tried, you couldn’t tear it. When he looked closer at it he noticed it had strange looking symbols on it, nothing of this earth. For months specialists in human languages where brought in and none of them could recognize it from any time period or culture. It was clearly a language, some of the symbols repeated. It clearly was saying something, but what? The closest language that looked similar was Egyptian hieroglyphs.
It was then his dad knew it couldn’t have been made by another country. It was then he looked up for the first time to the sky, and beyond. The other soldiers with him looked up as well, as though thinking the same thing, but no one said a word. They realized something big had been hit by chain lighting and struck the earth, but the area they where standing was not the main crash site itself. It was the first point of contact. Whatever it was, clipped the earth then shot back into the sky and came crashing down somewhere else. They went up into the air in a helicopter looking for it and sure enough they found it. They were shocked by what they could see. It wasn’t a plane or military weapon. It was large, oval and silver, smooth with no corners and about fifty-two feet across. It didn’t have a front or back the way an airplane would, it was round with no wings. One of the soldiers in the helicopter whispered the word saucer. Research would later show it didn’t fly the same way airplanes could. It didn’t have to travel down a runway and lift in the sky with help of air. This saucer used anti-gravity to lift itself straight up into the sky and can fly in all directions. It can stop on a dime and fire straight ahead at full speed. In fact its full speed was faster then anything man had ever made. If a human saw the saucer in the sky and it took off at full speed they’d think it turned invisible because its full speed is faster then the eye can detect. These things did not just “travel” around the earth quickly; it could travel from planet to planet faster then the speed of light. Scientists today secretly know traveling faster then the speed of light is possible, but its classified from the public because they have no way of explaining how they found out without letting the world know about aliens. The saucers had no need for fuel. It did not burn gas or oil. It used dark matter. Riding the lay lines of earth. Science today is still in its infancy in trying to understand dark matter, but “they” understand everything about it. They know how to harness it. Their saucers are not held down by gravity. Everything man has made so far is held back by gravity. There ships can rise up just like helium balloon can rise up through air because it’s lighter. Well apparently gravity is similar. It has its own weight. Change the weight of gravity around an object and the object can lift.
After the saucer was found soldiers where brought in to surround the area, no one was aloud near the site. The soldiers where told not to ask any questions or tell anyone what they might’ve seen. His dad said the saucer must’ve clipped the earth after being hit from lighting shot back up into the sky and came crashing back down to the earth, slid across the desert sands and crashed into a large rock. If it had been a man made object it would’ve smashed into a million pieces, but being from another world it was almost intact. There was a large hole in the side where it hit the rock. When he and some soldiers approached across the desert sand they were shocked to find aliens outside the saucer. Two of the aliens were lying on the ground dead, but one was still alive. His dad was convinced he was the first human to see an alien, well almost the first human. He later found out aliens have been visiting earth before man was created. In fact we have learned so much more about dinosaurs in the last few decades then ever before because aliens have told us what they saw when they flew around the earth millions of years ago.
He described the aliens as being short, about three to four feet in height. Thin, grey in color, with a larger shaped head at the top. Their nose was thin and they had a small narrow mouth, but their eyes were massive, oval and black in color.
Even though the living alien was smaller in size compared to a human. The soldiers felt nervous and intimated looking at it’s eyes, it didn’t show any signs of aggression around humans, but still. In fact it seemed to lack emotions altogether. It was calm and relaxed. No matter how high ranking someone was in the military, no matter how much intense combat they might’ve seen, everyone still backed down from it. It wasn’t arrogant, somehow it was above arrogance, it was above ego. It was above all the things that plague man’s primitive mind. The little pointless things like gossip, or bills, or insecurity that stopped humans from living a happy normal life and finding peace within. It did not argue or fight or whine. It seemed to work off of a mathematical, logical way of thinking, but this was just one of them. The soldiers knew every signal alien was just as smart as the other. Wherever they came from, each one were smarter then any human in history. Compare a human with a monkey; the human will always appear smarter. Well, that’s what the alien was like. However, in this case, humans were the monkeys. If a space shuttle crashed on a foreign planet any human would be nervous, but this alien was calm and in control. Even though the humans were the ones with the guns, the alien was the one calling the shots.
It never spoke a word, but anyone looking at it could hear it in their head. They couldn’t hear the actual alien voice, but what they reported hearing was their own voice. It was if you were remembering something.
Right away the saucer was collected and brought back to the nearest airport. A hanger at the airport was commandeered. Countless soldiers where told to stand around the hanger and let no one near. Again, the soldiers were told not to talk or ask questions. None of them dared. A cover story was released to the public telling them it was just a downed weather balloon, nothing more.
It seemed every top brass Sargent and commander in the military was brought in as quickly as possible. They were lead straight into the hanger as soon as their airplane had landed in all hours of the night. The general’s dad said he had never seen so many high ranking military officers show so much concern while trying to conceal their fear. It was clear the military was confused and nervous on how to handle the situation. So many questions and no answers.
For the next few days’ scientists from all over the world were quickly brought in. As soon as the plane landed it didn’t bother to taxi over to the terminal like any other plane would. It simply taxied right over to the hanger doors. The scientists would exist down the plane’s steps before the plane even came to a complete stop. They would move as fast as possible into the hanger. They would have one look at the saucer and practically fall to there knees. Seeing such a sight was like a miracle to them, and that was only with seeing the saucer. When they saw the living alien itself they truly fell to the ground. Out of everything they could possible witness in there scientific lifetime, this was beyond anything they could ever imagine.
After a few hours one of the scientist wanted to understand the alien and wanted to speak to it. So the scientists sat around and spend hours deciding what would be the first words said to the alien. They were nervous that the wrong word or gesture could be taken the wrong way. After much deliberation one of them walked into the room, and moved towards the alien. The other scientists stood watching in amazement, for the longest time not a word was spoken by either the human or alien. After an hour had past the scientist walked out of the room. The other scientists tried talking to him away. Something was different. He knew more about life then any human in history. Everything about the world made sense to him. Everything about the meaning of life. He could now see clear, he now had balance and was centered. The scientists labeled it as “seeing truth”. A two-way mirror was set up in the room so the military brass could watch the alien in secret. They wanted to study the creature without it knowing it was being watched. At times the alien would turn and look at the mirror as if he knew humans were on the other side watching. Maybe it could read minds? Scientists were studying it like we study animal in a cage, but in reality, the alien was studying them.
A week later more unidentified flying objects were seen over major cities. The aliens wanted to know what happened to the other ship. Military jets were set up, but it was pointless, their guns would not fire. A meeting was then set up with the aliens. It was decided the military would be sent out to determine if they truly were a threat to the earth. A group of scientists would go with them to do the talking, but the military would be on standby just in case. One evening, under the cover of darkness in the middle of the desert the military watched as one of the saucers silently landed and out walked a “grey” alien. It looked just like the other ones. The same small, thin, grey body with the big black oval eyes. After some “dialogue” through the mind, the scientists understood the aliens where friendly. Saying the military was wrong in fearing them.
However, the General’s father felt differently. He told him the aliens would take over one day. There were secretly spying on us, just like how we spy on other countries to find their weaknesses. They were only acting friendly in order to study us. They wanted to know where and when to attack. How could they not want to attack us, they were smarter then us, more advanced. Why not take out all human life and take the planet for themselves. Humans have done it to each other countless number of times throughout history. It was in our nature to go to war. Everything fights. Insects, animals, bees, monkeys. Everything fights with its own kind. Even ants have slavery for the losing army. Red ants fight with black ants because they’re a different color. When bees fight with each other they take no prisoners, they kill everything. All it takes is for two things to look somewhat alike, but different in the littlest of ways and they go to war. Well, we humans look somewhat like the aliens, so what’s to stop them from feeling superior.
History was sure to repeat itself this time with humans on the losing end. Only smart people knew the real truth about the aliens visiting earth. Only they could see through the alien’s lies. Only smart humans would know the scientists are being fooled by the alien mind tricks. That’s why his dad looked him in the eye one day and told him to serve his country and stop the aliens before they attack. Protect what the world valued.
So he joined the army. Since he already knew about the aliens he was moved to the secret program dealing with them. There was no point in telling him aliens were not real, he already knew the truth. He also knew how to get promoted quickly; he used fear as a tool. Asking questions about the alien’s true intention. Getting everyone in high levels nervous. How could we stop them if they did attack? Would we be ready? Do we have the sophisticated weapons ready to fight back? Sure, the aliens appeared friendly, but shouldn’t we be ready, just in case? It wasn’t long before his questions started getting everyone edgy. The military agreed to start up a secret society that was reasonable for the building of advanced weapons and would be on standby just incase the aliens did attack. The General pulled strings and play everyone like a game of chess in order to be put in command. He built an advanced top-secret base out in the desert. Greater then any bomb shelter he built with his dad. Security was super tight to say the least, like nothing else on earth. Ground sensor radar would detect anyone approaching for miles away. Night vision and heat sensors would see anyone approaching any time of day. Within a few years, all ties to the government where cut off. It wasn’t long before all politicians were in the dark as to what was really going on. The most advanced base on earth had “fallen off the grid”.
The aliens actually gave a saucer to the scientists to study, to “reverse engineer”. Saying to the scientists “the knowledge on how it works and fly’s has to be discovered over time”. The aliens cannot just “give” the knowledge to the scientists because to truly understand something you need to discover it yourself. Handing someone advanced knowledge is pointless, the individual receiving the knowledge won’t know what to do with it.
The General watched the scientists worked away like little rabbits, studying the alien technology, but he oversaw something far more important that the scientists did not know about. His soldiers were busy designing, building and testing advanced, powerful weapons. He worked with the scientists, pretending to be there friends. Acting as though the aliens were kind and friendly. The scientists wanted to know everything under the sun about the aliens, everything from their home world to their language, cultures and beliefs. The General only wanted to know their weaknesses. The scientists worked away day and night to a point of obsession trying to understand how the saucer flew. In there eyes it was magical to have something so advanced right in front of them. They knew it could fly, but they didn’t know how. It would’ve taken thousands of years for mankind to achieve such knowledge if we hadn’t crossed path with the aliens. Inside the hanger the saucer sat, right in front of them, they could touch it, but not understand a thing about it. They never went home, they lived on the base, they waned to. They could’ve gone home if they liked, but none of them dared. They simply could not pull themselves away for a moment. They wanted to understand it. It was their drug, their addiction. They look at it as if it were a gift from the gods. Then again humans had done the same thing throughout time. Anytime something unexplainable happened, if the people at that time in history could not explain the strange event, they believed it to be gods. Since the concept of alien life was to advance for primitive man, they believed any message to be from their gods. If they saw an alien they believed it to be a god or angel. If they saw a UFO flying they clamed it to be a god in the sky. Most stories of gods and interactions with gods were really interactions with aliens. Miracles were aliens on earth being able to do things modern man could not explain at the time. Today doctors know how to bring someone back from the dead; aliens could do the same thing a long time ago. Mankind at that time did not have the understanding of medicine like we do today or the aliens did so long ago. So they recorded it as a miracle. What they called gods we now call aliens. Humans today can understand the bigger picture of life on other planets. We know about the solar system and other galaxies. Thousands of years ago mankind did not have a concept of planets or the universe. They believed the earth was flat.
As much as the scientists wanted to understand and reverse engineer the saucer it was going to take a long time. They needed to educate their own minds in areas of science and technology more. They were like kids in grade one trying to understand grade twelve math. It would be like taking a nuclear power plant back in time to the pioneers, they wouldn’t know how to reverse engineer it. Understanding something this complex takes time. Man has to make scientific discoveries on his own time at his own pace, then move to the next step. The General always used the automobile as an example. Decades ago humans invented the car, it was very basic in its design, but inventors understood how and why it works. Over the decades engineers have made changes to the car and added complex equipment like computers parts to the engine. Mechanics today can understand and work on the cars, however if you took a modern day car with all of its computer parts and travel back in time and hand it over to the first builders of automobiles, they would have a difficult time understanding the complexity. Sure, they would understand it’s a car. Just as scientists know the saucer is similar to an airplane, but the complexity of its parts is beyond there understanding. Kids in grade one will understand grade eight math if they work they way up year by year, grade by grade, learning as they go, building on what they have learned in the passed, until one day, the math in grade eight makes sense. Well, the saucer isn’t just grade eight math, its university level math. And the scientists are still in kindergarten.
So why bother giving scientists a UFO in the first place? The aliens wanted to push the minds of humans forward, to challenge the brain. Simply by the saucer being in the room challenges the brain to understand. Its mankind’s modern monolith. A big black rectangle will not do anymore. Thousands of years ago aliens drop a large black monolith for the cavemen to see. In the eyes of the caveman it was something different. They couldn’t help but stare at it. It broke their daily routines. It awoke something in there minds. New parts of the brain were now being triggered in the caveman to understand the monolith. Much like if someone today works out in a gym. They use the same muscles groups over and over, but if you change the workout pattern, new muscles groups start being used. The brain is the same way. Take a child today and teach them everything from music, art, science to math, it expands all different parts of the brain, making the child smarter. Caveman lived the same way for thousands of years. Everything they saw around them was the same, day after day throughout their lives, nothing changed. They had no reason to expand their minds. They had nothing that challenged status quo. Nothing stood out as different changing their brain waves, until the monolith was dropped. The cavemen stopped and stared at it and something in there brain asked a question. What is it? Right away new parts of the brain unlock and fired to life. Doors in the brain that have never been used before were now being triggered. Helping the caveman to evolve.
But in the end the General found it amusing how the scientists truly thought the aliens were here to help. He knew the truth, he knew what they where up to. The aliens could not attack unless they knew what weapons humans had. It was a classic case he had seen many times over. Before you attack you send in spies to study the enemy. You get an idea of your opponent’s intelligence level. The aliens had been watching earth in secret for decades. Now they wanted to get closer. They act like our friends but in truth, there making plans on how to attack us. They wanted to know who the smart humans where. Like a gun fighter in the old west who has to fight against a group of men, you make sure you take out the best shooter on your first shot. The aliens were probably going to abduct the smart humans a few hours before the invasion, like some kind of rapture. Leaving the rest of the humans to panic. The aliens were looking the earth over and choosing the best places to invade. No point in traveling a million miles in space and attacking earth by landing in an empty desert. They wanted to choose the best places to maximize their damage. Find out where the leaders live, found out where the weapons were kept. Find out what humans deem important and take it out first, like a power planet or water. It was all going the way the General knew it would. The aliens were making themselves look friendly, but soon they would show their true colors.
Well, he wasn’t going to sit back and watch the earth be destroyed. He wanted to strike first and scare them off. Send them running back to their home planet, afraid to come back. He wanted to show them humans were smarter. We may not be able to travel from planet to planet like they can, but we can fight. He knew what had to be done at any cost.
After years of reverse engineering the scientists one day discovered how to turn off the cloaking devise the saucers used. The General knew for decades the aliens must’ve been using some type of cloaking device to hide behind. Making their ships “invisible” to the human eye. How else could they travel around earth so often without being spotted each day? There were stories of people seeing a UFO and watching it “disappear” right in front of their eyes. Some scientists said it was the saucer accelerating to top speed making it look as though it was turning invisible and yes at times that did happen, but pilots in fighter jets who where tracking saucers also reported watching the saucers “just disappear”
When the General was told about the discovery he quietly smiled inside. He knew it was the start, the turning point. Now he had something to use against them. One of the biggest problems he always faced was how to see the saucers. It didn’t matter what advanced weapons he had. If he couldn’t see them, he couldn’t shoot them down. Now, he was handed an advantage. He quickly got his men to started designing and building a weapon that would shoot a massive wide laser beam into the sky that when making contact would turn the saucers cloaking device off and make them visible to everyone on the ground. All he needed was a weapon that could bring them down. He knew standard weapons like rockets and bullets had no effect. Somehow they developed an invisible shield that would deflect all weapons. It wasn’t a “shield” for battle, but it was for anti-gravity. There ability to lift off the surface, created an invisible wall which in turned stopped any weapons from getting through and downing their ship.
The scientists would spend all hours of the day inside the saucer. In there eyes it was better then any action movie or amusement park ride.
They described the seats as small, as if meant for a child, but the aliens where small in size to start with, so the chairs were their perfect fit. The area inside the saucer was grey, no other color. A control panel would appear if you moved your hand outward while sitting in the seats. Move your hand away and it disappears.
A few years later the scientists accidently stumbled across a major development on how to turn the power off in a saucer. It was more of a “power surge” then “turning off” the power. To say “turning off” the power implies the scientists knew what they were doing. Most of the time the scientists where just guessing while working. They would sit inside the saucer in the tiny little chairs pushing the buttons and seeing would happen. One time they pushed a whole bunch of buttons and the power to the whole saucer turned off. The scientists panicked thinking they had ruined the saucer. The power did come back on after awhile. Causing them to relax.
The General quietly made note of this. This was a nice blessing. With this knowledge he figured how to build his second gun, a gun that could knock the power out of any saucer. With the first gun making them visible and the second gun knocking them out, it was the one two punch he was looking for. He could now go after them. He knew modern day weapons had no effect, but these two would.
He figured that’s how the saucer crashed in the desert decades ago. Lighting struck it causing a power surge. The aliens on board were to close to the earth surface and had no time to recover and it crashed.
He also remembered the day the geeky looking college kid named Brian came running into the war room carrying a ton of computer printout filled with his scientific work wanting to announce his big break through. He ran down the hall so fast the guards pointed their guns at him thinking he was a terrorist on a mission. He smiled at the guards and had to show his I.D.
He claimed he figured out the alien’s means of communication. He pushed his thick black glasses to the top of his noise, stuttered while speaking and wore a long white lab coat, with messy hair. He approached the table in the center of the room with a ton of paperwork falling on the floor with each step, which he paid no attention. He said all the years of research had paid off. He smiled at everyone and said it all came down to his big breakthrough he called “the ticking noise” inside the brain. Of course everyone in the room just stared at him.
He looked at everyone in the room and said, “Get ready for this. Expand your mind and try to understand everything you are about to hear. Don’t judge it right away, but take your time to understand.”
Everyone in the room look at each other a bit confused and then looked back to the kid.
He smiled like a kid with a winning lottery ticket and spoke. “Every living thing on the planet thinks the same way. It doesn’t matter if you’re a human or animal or even a little fish, it’s all the same. Ever wonder how a baby thinks?” He looked at everyone in the room “We were all babies once. When someone has a thought as an adult you hear English in your head, but as a baby you didn’t know English, or any language for that matter, but you were still able to think. How? Because of the ticking noise in your subconscious.” He stopped and smiled a bit “You might be wondering why I used the word ticking. Well, to be honest, I came up with this theory a few minutes ago and wanted to share it with you right away. So I haven’t had time to think of a better word then, ticking.” He laughed and paused for a moment and quickly realized he was the only one laughing as everyone else was standing around staring at him. He stopped laughing and went back to explaining. “When I say ticking noise, it’s a bit more complex then that, but I will try to speak in lamens terms so I don’t confuse you. Think of Morse code. It shouldn’t surprise anyone that we created Morse code. Why? Because it’s how we truly think. We only believe were thinking in English when it fact all thoughts are converted in the subconscious as a ticking noise” He pulled out some paperwork and placed it on the table “Think of the binary system of a computer. It’s made up of eight on, off switches. When you sit down at a computer and type a letter on the keyboard you see the letter appear on the monitor, however the inside of your computer does not read the letter. It translates it into an eight digit binary code. Think of the letter A in binary its 01100001. When you send an Email, it’s not the letters you see on your monitor being sent. Each letter is broken down into its binary code. When the other person receives your Email there hard drive will translate the binary code back into letters and display it on your monitor. It’s similar to what happens in your brain when you hear someone talking. All information taken in through the eyes and ears is sent to the brain. When it reaches the brain it is broken down into a ticking noise” he smiled for everyone in the room “Once again let me point out, when I say the word ticking, it’s a bit more complicated then that. I will think of a better name later.” He smiled a little and when back to speaking “All living creatures work this way. Now the cool part, you know how computers can talk to each other because all computers around the world understand the binary code system. Well, all humans can talk to each other, it doesn’t matter what language you speak. In fact all living creatures on earth can talk and understand each other. That’s how we have dog and horse whispers. Not only can all living things on earth understand each other, but this is how we can also talk to aliens.” He looked at all the blank stares “Now you might be thinking, all humans can’t talk to each other. If someone knows English how can they understand someone who only knows Spanish or French? That’s because were talking to each other the wrong way. Where trying to speak using a primitive way of communication, with words and not the binary code in our heads. The subconscious is much more powerful then the mind. Logic lies in the subconscious, emotions are found in the mind. Ever try throwing a baseball to someone? You get it right to them. Well, your brain had to come up with a complex mathematical equation to figure out how to throw the ball to reach its target. If that person moves back a few feet you have to come up with a brand new mathematical equation to reach the target again. Proving you really are good at math, but if someone asks you a simple math question in which you try to solve in your head. It takes you a long time to figure it out. Why? Because you were using your mind, where emotion lies and not the subconscious where logic lies. This ties into language as well. Were using the wrong part of the brain to speak.” He riffled through his paperwork, and pulled a stack to the top “Now onto the next part. Emotions what are they? Emotions are too many thoughts occurring at one time in that our brain cannot process at once. Too much movement occurs in the brain and movement creates energy. Well, emotions are too many thoughts being given off as energy. Its possible you can read people and get to know them by taking in and reading their energy. They don’t even have to say a word. Some call it the aura”
The kid walked around the room talking a mile a minute unable to keep his hands still. The General wasn’t sure if he was talking to the people in the room our to himself at this point. At times the kid wasn’t even looking at anyone, just rambling away.
The kid continued speaking “This is how a psychic works.” He looked to the General “In order to understand what I’m saying you have to pretend you’re a psychic. Psychics are born with the ability to read the aura of others. They know what you are thinking and feeling. How? Because, they can slow down the ticking noise in their brains. Your average person has a ton of thoughts going through their head at all times all day, therefore the ticking noise in their brain is working away really fast. Lets face it were all self centered. Your average person cannot read other people’s aura because they’re to focused on themselves to pick up on another’s energy. However a psychic can relax their own bodies and calm their thoughts. Almost to a point were they’re falling asleep. Sometimes when someone tries to relax, they relax their body only, but not there mind. A psychic however is able to relax their mind, in the process the number of thoughts running through their mind reduces greatly. Its not like our brain is over worked by the intake of information through our senses, that’s not a problem. Our brain can easily handle all the information coming in during the present moment. The problem is our ego. To many thoughts about the future and past, hopes and fears and the need to control cloud the mind. A psychic can reduce all those pointless thoughts and ego; in the process they reduce the ticking noise in their brain, until it becomes a slow relaxed steady beat causing the aura around the psychic to decrease. When someone who’s emotional approaches the relaxed psychic the energy coming from the person is picked up upon. The psychic will take in the energy as if it were their own. The brain of the psychic will be able to read the energy from the other person, because the messages within the aura are in the form of the binary code. Look at it like this; imagine if I’m a psychic, you walk by me with an image in your mind of a white dog. I’m in my relaxed state of mind. I have no thoughts going through my head. My mind is clear. Therefore my aura is really low, I have no reason to have a high aura level because I’m not feeling any emotion or stressing over ego-generated thoughts. The ticking noise in my mind has greatly gone down. It’s now a slow steady beat. You walk by me, you have a lot on your mind, therefore your ticking noise is moving really fast. Your body is giving off a lot of energy. Your aura is at really high levels. My body picks up on your aura and takes it in. On a subconscious level I can detect your binary code messages. It then slowly influences my ticking. The ticking in my brain starts to speed up matching yours, tick for tick, much like two people taping out the same Morse code signal. As we know binary is math, and math is universal, therefore all languages be it human, animal, or alien is mathematical, everyone’s subconscious knows math, therefore my brain will be able to translate your ticking noise. I will then be able to produce the same image in my mind as in yours. I will be able to see what you’re seeing. I will know what you are thinking. The image of the white dog will now appear in my mind as though it’s my thought. I will now be able to look at you and tell you your thinking of a white dog, and you would be amazed. People who talk to animals do the same thing. These people are called animal whispers. They relax their thoughts and body’s. Their mind’s calm down. The ticking noise in there heads slows down greatly to a small steady beat. When they move towards an animal, they can pick up on the aura of the animal. The whisperer’s brain can take in the information. The ticking noise in the whisperer’s brain will start to speed up to match up with the ticking of the animal. Because the binary code in all living things are the same, the whisperer’s brain will be able to translate what the animal is thinking. The whisperer will hear the thoughts of the animal and see the images in his own brain. This is how the grey aliens talk to us. All this time we have always wondered how the grey alien can just look at us and without using there mouths can still communicate. They have learned a heighten level of communication. They have master something we humans are just beginning to stumble across. They have perfected the means of sending out a binary message in the aura, knowing our aura will pick it up and understand it. Because they lack emotion there not distracted by ego like humans are. Humans can achieve the same level aliens are at if we work on it. Progress cannot be stopped. We are destined to evolve to be like them in time. Soon man will eliminate ego from his conscience. The majority of what we communicate is said in our tone and body language. Our words for the most part are not needed. However, the true essence of who we are and what we truly think and feel is within our aura. You can tell if someone is lying by there tone of voice not the words themselves. As humans grow and develop we to will stop speaking with words and start using our eyes to project. How many times have you heard someone say, the eyes are the gateway to the soul? That’s because we can speak through our eyes. When we look at someone our thoughts are sent out in the aura through the body’s energy. The aliens know this. That’s why they stare us and we can hear them in our heads. They understand there bodies are speaking through there eyes. They know they can relax the ticking noise in our heads and make us see what they’re thinking. The aliens are using the subconscious at all times. They have moved away from the primitive side of the ego driven mind.”
The General understood what the kid was saying, but he wanted to know how he was going to use such information to destroy them.
The kid left the room just as fast as he came in, he apparently came up with a new thought he wanted to work on.
A few days later the General made his way down the hallway towards the most secured room in the world. He made his way inside after entering the correct code. The door closed behind him. He stood in a large room, made up of glass walls, bright overhead lights, and computer terminals on black desks with paperwork and test tubes on top. The room lacked color. Scientists in white coats worked away on projects an average scientist in labs around the world could only dream of. A few scientists walked past the General looking over their paperwork. He made his way past glass tubes that now stand empty. They once held two dead alien bodies flooding in water after the saucer crashed in the desert decades ago. The aliens were masters at flying their saucers, but they were caught off guard by the lighting strike. He walked to the back of the room and stopped at the two-way mirror and looked inside a smaller room. Inside were two chairs with a table in between. In one chair sat a scientist, in the other chair sat a grey alien. They scientist asked questions trying to understand the alien’s home planet. The General heard stories of some scientists traveling there. The alien in the chair acted peaceful, showing no signs of aggression. The General stood watching knowing it was all a trick. Soon the aliens would turn against all humans. They were just planning the right moment. The General turned and walked away from the two-way mirror, he didn’t notice the alien turned its head and looked at the mirror after he stepped away.
He walked out of the room and down a long hallway towards the other secured room. He entered the pass code and walked inside. The door closed behind him and he watched over engineers and scientists who were using information given to them from the aliens to engineer gadgets and construct inventions to be used in houses and businesses around the world one day. In the past few years the engineers invented objects from microwaves, to lasers, plastic, computers, rocket fuel, and countless other things.
The technology in the microwave wasn’t intended to be used to cook food. It was given to the scientists as super energy to help construct the engines of spaceships, but the information was far to complex for the scientists to understand. The scientists found out real quick that the microwaves can get really hot, really fast. One day, food was left to close to the machine and to everyone’s surprise the food cooked. The scientists were amazed by this finding. After a few months of research they determined the food was safe, and could be consumed. They decided to construct a story on how it was invented by man, minus any mention of aliens, and release it to the public. Now something given to mankind by aliens can be found in your average kitchen to cook family dinners.
Aliens also gave the scientists the laser. They’re still trying to use it for much bigger things, but in the mean time it was given to the public to be used to listen to music. If the aliens could laugh they might be laughing at us for using such powerful devices for basic things.
He could just imagine how the world would react if they discovered the secret complex out in the desert.
Of course there were a few conspiracy TV shows, made by conspiracy theorists talking about aliens being real and how the government was covering it up. He was amazed how close they almost stumbled across the truth at times. It was something he couldn’t risk. There might come the day when they truly do stumble across the truth and reveal to the world and what he had worked so hard on covering up would be exposed forever. So he decided to mix the pot. He created his own conspiracy TV shows filling them with lies, making them look just like the other ones on TV. The public on any given random night would sit around their TVs believing they were watching a genuine conspiracy show meant to expose the truth of government cover-ups. The whole time having no idea the shows where completely fake created to fool them with misinformation and all out lies. He had soldiers in disguises acting in them, making them look like conspiracy theorist demanding the truth be told. Some would act like farmers claiming to be abducted and taken to a planet called Zena. The soldiers did such a good job they were invited to conventions to speak to the other conspiracy theorists who also demanded the truth be told. No one at the conventions had a clue of the truth. When the soldiers claimed to have “discovered” top-secret information about aliens all the conspiracy geeks fell for it. Completely unaware it was false information made up by the General.
He ordered countless Internet sites created; some top notch and others cheep looking. So no one would be able to tell which ones the General created and which ones were made by real conspiracy theorists who really did demand the truth. The General flooded the Internet with countless bizarre, ridicules; stories of alien abduction that were over the top.
Fake crop circles were created making everything to do with aliens look like a joke, in which only freaks got involved. Since no one likes being called a freak the vast majority of people stay away from talking about aliens. Meanwhile the real truth was hidden away.

The General looked back at the kids in the assembly hall. He had been speaking for the last half hour. He knew this speech so well he could say it in his sleep “…And that kids is why you should always respect the military. There here for you they want to help you and protect you” he finished his speech and stood back.
The kids in the hall applauded as the General thank them and walked off the stage.
Mr. Bailey walked out on stage and thanked the General for coming out to the school and speaking to the kids. Afterwards he turned to the kids and let them know he they could return to the there classrooms.
The kids got up from their seats and started making there way back towards the hallways.
Bobby turned to Sam “The General must really love being in the army. He’s been going on with that same speech since he got here. He’s really paranoid about outsiders coming in.”
Sam nodded “Sad to see someone like that focus on something so negative”
“Can you image if he saw Warren and his gang yesterday night with the alien mask on. He would’ve send all the tanks and military guns after them”
Sam laughed.
“Warren would’ve run out of that forest faster then you can blink.”

The General walked off the stage, behind the curtain into the darkness away from the lights.
Solider 13 stood next to him in the shadows with cold eyes and no expression. He handed the General his hat “Good speech sir, had them in your hands”
The General nodded “As long as no one suspects the truth, that’s all that matters. Won over the mayor, the citizens on Main Street, the kids right here today. I’ll spend the next few hours talking with other people in this town. Get everyone on my side.” He paused for a moment “Nice little town, to bad it has to be destroyed, but that’s the price you pay for freeing the world of evil intruders. History will understand”
Solider 13 took out his cellphone and talked to someone for a moment. As soon as he was finished he turned to the General “Sir, reports have come in of a saucer landing in the forest yesterday night”
The General groaned. “Wonder what they want. Anytime those big-eyed creatures land before a meeting, it means there up to something. Did anyone witness the landing?”
“Unknown at this time. Were looking into that now sir”
The General turned to solider 13 “If anyone in this town did witness the landing make sure they are picked up and have them held throughout the weekend. I don’t want any risks. We cannot have the truth coming out, everyone will panic”
“Yes sir”
“Have a few solders on Forest Road tonight. I don’t want anyone from the town spotting the saucer or any aliens. Not to many soldiers though, I don’t want the town’s people seeing a ton of soldiers walking around and question why”

The Friday night musical festival was underway as everyone in town gathered in the massive park in the center of town to take in the songs. A million stars hung in the sky above as high school bands stood on the bandstand playing songs rehearsed for weeks. Trumpets, clarinets, and guitars held harmony on an up tempo song as parents held up cameras to capture they sons and daughters playing. Parents and musician quietly hoping notes were not missed played.
Little kids stood looking around eating cotton candy holding their parent’s hand anticipating the brilliant fireworks display schedule shortly.
The teenagers were hyped knowing music group “Fly by Night” was brought in to play. There songs choreographed to match the explosion of the fireworks.
The cry wolves’ gang stood far back from the stage next to the sidewalk. They had arrived late after spending a few hours hanging out at Springbrook Gardens Inn looking to get autographs from the band members. Turns out they weren’t the only ones with the idea, half the town had gathered around the Inn looking for the same thing.
The embarrassing encounter in the forest was slowly fading from there memoirs. They just made sure not to cross paths with Warren and his gang so they wouldn’t be recognized and laughed at.
Bobby taped his foot to the music and glanced over to the side of the stage and noticed a dark blue van quietly pulling in by the shadows. He knew right away it had to be Fly by Night arriving, waiting for there moment to go up on stage. He looked around and realized that no one else in the crowd had noticed the van. He knew this was the perfect chance to make his way over and grab a few pictures without anyone getting in the way. He reached into his pocket for his camera and shook his head in disappointment. He realized he’d forgotten it home. “Great.” He whispered to himself. He turned to the other guys. “I forgot my camera at home on the living room table. I wanted pictures of Fly by Night. I’ll have to run home to pick it up”
“Don’t be to long or you’ll miss seeing them on stage” Timmy said as he moved to the music.
“Oh don’t worry I won’t miss them. I’ll be back faster then you can blink,” he said as he turned to run home.
He ran along Main Street’s sidewalk and quickly turned down Shepard Street. He started to slow down after his legs and lungs started hurting. He was a few blocks from his house and knew he had time to spare. He started singing Fly by Night latest single “runaway”. As he approached a Victorian house with a large oak tree a foot away from the sidewalk he jumped back in fear as a creepy looking old man stepped out from behind and grabbed him by the shoulders.
Bobby’s eyes widen in fear, he recognized the old man as the one who approached Sam yesterday.
The man had wild crazy eyes with long silver messy hair. He clothes looked like rags. A named tag on his shirt reading “John Smith” he stared into Bobby’s eyes. “I know the truth. I am the truth. I don’t have a lot of time, so much to tell you. I can see through the world’s lies. You and your friends have been chosen. Soon you will see them hiding in the sky. What you cannot see is there. When you look up they see you, and you will soon see them. They know you. They want you to do a job. They have been watching you and your friends they know about you. You are the chosen ones for something bigger in life. The world will know your names. They’ve planned this for so long. The toys being made will convince society they exist in time. They’re getting us used to them over time. They have a master plan. The day is coming for them to show themselves to the world. They will choose people to awaken the world to there arrival. When you are ready to talk look for me in the darkness.”
Bobby pull away and fell back on the lawn in shock “What? Who are you?” Before Bobby could figure out what was happening he noticed a black car with tinted windows pulling up along side the two of them. The tinted window on the passenger side rolled down.
The crazy man turned and looked at the car.
Bobby saw a pale face man sitting in the passenger seat staring back at him with big blue eyes, no eyebrows, a cold stare and a baldhead under a black fedora. The eyes never blinked. They looked colder then a robot. He couldn’t tell if the man was human or ….what.
“They know the truth as well, they will silence us all” the crazy man yelled out and took off running down the sidewalk.
The black car sped up right behind him.
Bobby sat up and watched the black car catch up to the crazy man as the driver and passenger got out of the car. They were the exact same height wearing the same black suits with black gloves and black fedoras. They tried to grab the old man. However he was a step quicker and managed to pull away and ran further down the street. The men in black ran back to their car and took off after him. The man turned right on to Shaver Street as the black car followed.
Bobby stood up and remained motionless for a moment, stunned. He looked at the houses wondering if anyone nearby witnessed any of it. Of course everyone in town was at the park. He knew he had to get back to his gang and tell them what just happened. There’s no way any of them would believe him. He wasn’t even sure what just happened. He looked around and took off running back to the park. Who knows maybe the men in black will come back up the road and come after him. The faster he got out of the area the better.
A minute later of running he located the cry wolves’ gang standing on the grass by the sidewalk and ran up to them in a panic.
“Wow that was fast.” Timmy said as he saw Bobby running towards them.
Bobby was out of breath “You’ll never believe what happened while I was walking home. You remember the weird creepy old man who grabbed Sam yesterday? Well, he jumped out from behind a tree and grabbed me as well”
Kyle quickly looked at him in disbelief “What? No way” he yelled out.
“Are you serious?” Timmy asked in shock.
Bobby nodded “He rambled on about how were all chosen for something bigger, how were being watched”
“Chosen?” Sam asked, “Chosen for what?”
Bobby shook his head and tired to catch his breath. “He said we’re being watched by something from above and when we’re ready to talk find him in the darkness”
“Clearly the guy is insane” Timmy said, “The police need to arrest this guy”
Kyle quickly agreed.
“But that’s not the weird part” Bobby said trying to calm down “Before I knew what was happening two men in black with weird creepy big blue eyes and no hair, driving in a black car tired pulling the crazy man into their car. He took off running and they chased after him”
The three boys all looked at each other for a moment and shook their heads.
“Oh common now,” Kyle said, “Men in black? You can’t expect us to believe that?”
Sam shook his head “Your just being silly now. You’re trying to trick us. Weird people like that are only found in your comic books”
“I swear it happened.” Bobby placed his hand on his heart “I still can’t believe it. They tried taking the crazy man away. These men in black never blinked once. They didn’t speak a word. They just stared at me and went after the crazy man”
Timmy looked over to Sam “This weekend is getting weird”
The kids all looked at each other feeling very uneasy.
Sam looked at the others “What I want to know is, what did the crazy man mean when he said we were chosen? Look him up in the darkness when were ready to talk? What does that mean?”
The kids were looking at each other confused as police officer Daniel Reed came running over to Bobby “You kids all right? I got a call of a concerned citizen. They saw an older man grabbing a little child on Shepard Street. You fit the description of the boy.”
Bobby looked up to the officer. “You got that right. I’m glad someone saw what happened, even though I didn’t see anyone looking from their windows. Some crazy old man grabbed me as I was walking home. He jumped out from behind a tree and grabbed my shoulders. It was the same man who grabbed Sam yesterday”
“We’ll have him picked up right away. This guy is getting out of hand,” the officer said.
“Look out for the two men in black as well” Bobby said.
Officer Reed seemed confused “Men in black? The neighbors who called the police didn’t saw anything about men in black”
Bobby nodded “Oh they were out there all right. It all happened so quick. The crazy man was holding me yelling and before I knew what was happening he took off running from a black car with tinted windows. I have no idea who the two men where, but they sure looked creepy with there big blue eyes and pale lifeless skin. They tried grabbing the crazy man, but he took off running down Shaver Street.” Bobby was talking a mile a minute, after he finished speaking he needed to take a deep breath in.
“What was the old man yelling to you?” officer Reed asked.
“Hard to make sense of it” Bobby tried to collect his thoughts “Something about we have been chosen and they’re watching us”
“They’re, watching us? Who are they?” officer Reed asked.
Bobby shook his head “The crazy man didn’t say. Nothing he said made sense. He said we all have a job to do. They’re watching us from the sky.”
Officer Reed looked troubled “I’m going to find this man and the black car right now and get to the bottom of this; we can’t have anybody grabbing kids. Not in this town. This isn’t the big city. Be safe kids” Officer Reed left and took out his radio to contact the chief.
Sam looked over to Bobby “Wow, what a night. Hope nothing else happens. We just came here for the music not all this silliness”
“You got that right,” Bobby said as he nodded “I hope to never see that old crazy guy again”

Warren lean back against the brick wall of a store a few blocks away from the music festival.
“Look at all those losers listening to the boring music” Brad said.
“They should be playing gothic thrash music, then I’d listen.” Cindy said while chewing gum.
“Hey looked,” Brad pointed into the sea of people “It’s the losers from the cry wolves gang. No surprise to see those losers listening to the dumb music” he said and laughed. He looked over to Warren “We’re going to deal with them right?”
Warren nodded slowly “Oh yeah, they’ll be taught a lesson”
“Why don’t we just get them now. Get it over with.” Martin said while rubbing his hands together.
Warren shook his head “Soon, they’ll get what’s coming to them. There’s no way they’ll end up one stage tomorrow”
The other kids next to warren laughed and nodded.

Solider 14 walked into the tent at Operation Stand Ground and saluted the General
“Sir, soldier 45 called in from town. He reporting of a crazy man running around town talking to people especially kids about the aliens. He knows details about this operation”
The General quickly looked up from his desk “Impossible. No one on earth knows what where doing”
“Sir, based on the description, the crazy man appears to be John Smith”
The General looked shocked then angry “John Smith? What is he doing in town? He’s the last person I wanted to see here. Knowing him, he’ll find a way to mess everything up. I want this guy found now. Keep having the men in black look for him”
“Yes sir” solider 14 left the tent.
The general leaned back in his chair. He thought back to the first and only time the base in the desert had ever been broken into. It was a complete mystery on how an unemployed drifter named John Smith “appeared” in the most secured base in on the planet. He clamed he was nothing more than a gold hunter. The type of guy who walks the beaches with a metal detector believing he’d strike it rich by stumbling across long lost gold, but only finding bottle caps and quarters. He said he traveled around the world looking for rare and unique artifacts. He claimed that while in a far off country half way around the world he stumbled across a street dealer who’s face was covered up and appeared to have red eyes hand him a map as he walked by. When he looked at the map it pointed him in the direction of the desert. The map said true riches and wealth would be found there. After he read the map he looked back to the street dealer, who was gone, as if he was never there to start with.
So he set off to search the desert looking for the gold. One night while standing on top of a sand dune, he lost his way. He found himself standing in the middle of nowhere wondering how he was going to get home. He was about to give up hope when he looked up and saw a bright light in the black sky, like a star. The light was close to the ground; it was brighter then any other light. Somehow it was warm, calling out to him. He said it looked like a star, he knew he had to follow it. He started moving his feet across the desert sand walking towards it never looking away, as though it was calling his name. He had no idea what was causing it or why it was there, he just followed. Over the next few hours he got closer until he found himself standing right under it. It was silent, serene and warm. In the middle of the dark desert with nothing around for miles around he was standing under a peaceful light. He didn’t know what to do next; he just stood there staring into it. The next thing he knew he was inside a military complex. He looked around wondering how on earth he got there.
Well, at least that’s the story he told everyone. The General didn’t believe it. He figured John Smith had to be a spy, but just who was he working for?
Was the General just expected to believe that a simple guy just happened to wonder through the desert following a “bright light” and came to a stop right on top of a secret military complex? How on earth did he avoid all the radar and ground sensors? A fly would’ve been detected. So how did he get through? The General was sure the security cameras must’ve caught footage of John Smith sneaking in. When the he went back and reviewed the camera tapes, he couldn’t see him anywhere. At no point was John smith seen on camera walking down any corridor throughout the complex. So how did he get into the room in which the grey alien was kept? No prison or bank on earth had tighter security then the room the alien was kept, but one morning a scientist on his way into the laboratory saw through the two-way mirror and noticed John Smith inside in isolation room standing next to a grey alien. The scientist wasn’t even looking for an intruder. Why would he be? He was going out his daily routine when load and behold inside the containment room was John Smith. The scientist at first thought he must’ve been dreaming. Less then twenty humans on earth have ever been inside the room with the alien and all those men where some of the worlds smartest scientists, but a drifter? Impossible. Neither John nor the alien said a word the whole time he was in there, they just stood face to face in the darkness. By the time the scientist pulled John out of the room he was out of his mind. Rambling away incoherently. It what scientists call “information overload” something they always feared happening to themselves. It’s when you look into the eyes of the grey aliens and you receive too much information about the universe at once. The human brain cannot comprehend so much in a short time. It would be like going back in time and giving all the information about life on earth to a caveman in less then an hour. On another level the scientists were jealous of John Smith. He received all the knowledge they wanted to know. Absolute knowledge was something they all craved, but why did the gray alien choose John of all people? Why not one of them?
From that moment on, talking to John Smith was pointless, the man was simple too crazy. Everything he said was a mix mash of pointless gibberish. Scientists tried talking with John almost everyday, recording his every word. They knew he was speaking in code, with three or four thoughts in each sentence. They recorded his words so it could be broken down later. Hoping it would give clues into advanced alien life. They wanted to know everything about the alien home world. The scientists desperately wanted to discover everything about the universe. They knew the scientists in the future would know the mysterious of the universe one day, but they wanted to know now. There greatest fear all of them had was they would die of old age never knowing the complete truth of what wonders the universe had to offer. John rambled on, speaking about how the aliens were smarter then all humans, how they know everything about our future. How they knew about our past. They have been here a long time. He mentioned how the day is coming when the entire human race will know about them one day.
The General looked at the notes of the recordings. Nothing really caught his attention until John mention a place called Springbrook Gardens, saying the attack will take place then. For some reason the aliens let John know they were planning an attack on earth. Something the General always knew would happen. John never said the word “attack” what he said was, “the day of change would soon be here. The world will never be the same after the Saturday afternoon”. The General knew what it meant. After the aliens attack how could the world stay the same. The cat was out of the bag, the General knew the location of were the attack on earth was to start; all he needed was the date. Over the years the aliens had given “hidden” messages to the scientists as to where and when they were going to land. Why did the message have to be “hidden”? The General had not a clue, probably a test on the part of the aliens to keep the scientists smart, so they wouldn’t get lazy. But when they did land they would only stay for a minute or less and hand over information to the scientists then leave. Well, all he had to do was to wait until he saw the name Springbrook Gardens come up as a landing site and he would know were the aliens would attack.
The General had John Smith locked in the most secured holding cell the world had ever known. No one on earth was getting out of it. Located deep below the military complex itself. He appeared to have no family. So no one would come looking for him, but one day he was “gone”, as simple as that. No one knew how. A guard went to look in on him and found the cell empty. The whole complex was in an uproar trying to find him. However the General just sat at his desk. He knew there was no need to look for John. John Smith was gone. The aliens had something to do with it. They made him appear in the complex and took him out of the cell, but why bother having him appear in the complex in the first place? What was it about John that made the aliens choose him? He wasn’t a scientist, nor was he a genius. He was nothing more then an everyday guy who would rather search the beaches for long lost gold and treasure then work a nine to five job. The scientists spent the next few months going over there recording trying to understand everything John said. Hoping somewhere in John’s comments would be bits of information the scientists could use to understand the aliens better. The General didn’t care. He had what he needed, the name of the town where the aliens would start there attack against earth. Now all he needed was the day.
Now he’s here in Springbrook Gardens, ready to hit the aliens first, a “strike first” approach. Teach the big eyes creatures you can’t mess with earth. He had to make sure nothing got in the way.
The General leaned back in his chair for a minute. He turned to solider 14 “Was John Smith spotted talking to anyone? I want to know how many people this guy had contact with”
“Sir, he was spotted talking to a little kid” solider 14 said. “We don’t know what was said”
The General paused for a moment “We can’t take risks. Follow the kid, see who he talks to, if he knows anything in the slightest pick him up and anyone else he talks to”
“Yes sir, right away” solider 14 said and left the tent.
The General looked at his watch and turned to solider 22 seated at the work desk “Its almost time for the encounter in the forest with the aliens, contact the scientists at the Inn. I’ll meet with them in the empty building at the top of Main Street. I want to look over a map and pinpoint the exact location of the saucer landing. I have to head into town for the music festival, I’ll slip out at some point and head over to the empty building”.
“Yes sir” solider 22 picked up the phone and started making calls.
The General stood up and placed his hat on his head and walked out the tent towards his jeep.

Thousands were gathered around the bandstand in the park waiting anxiously for Fly by Night to take the stage. The event had everyone in town talking. Fireworks of all shapes and colors were ready to be fired into the night sky as the band played their biggest hits.
The park was packed with fans of all ages taking in the last of the local music bands from the town’s schools.
High school kids from the music department sat in three rows on the bandstand playing there instruments as everyone in town stood on the grass listening and enjoying the day.
The cry wolves’ gang stood on the grass what felt like a mile back.
Bobby wanted to enjoy the music but couldn’t help look over his shoulder back to the street for the black car.
Timmy was the first to notice an army jeep on Main Street approaching the park. He pointed out the General in the passenger seat. Everyone within a few yard of Timmy’s voice turned and looked.
Soon everyone at the park noticed and watched as the jeep pulled in and approached the bandstand. The mayor stood up from his seat and welcomed the General with a handshake and smile as he walked up the steps. Everyone cheered as the General turned and gave a quick wave to the crowd. He took his seat, the best seat in the house. The band played on as he tapped his foot while listening. Everyone in attendance focused more on the General then the kids on stage.
“One day we’re going to be that famous” Bobby called out. “Can you imagine what it would be like being that famous.”
“It would be amazing.” Sam said “We’ll have the best seat in town to every event just like the General here today. Everyone will want our autographs” Sam could see it all in his mind. He pictured himself on a famous talk show and having the host sitting across from him asking questions as fans in the seats took pictures.
“Tell me Sam what’s it like being famous?” the host asked while smiling for the camera as the lights reflected of the gel in his hair.
Sam could see himself sitting back in his fine expensive suits and smiling “Being famous is great, getting a chance to star in blockbuster movies”
“What has surprised you the most about fame?” The host asked never losing his smile.
“Lets see” I guess the long hours on the movie sets, never thought it took so long to shoot one scene,” Sam answered as the crowd laughed.
Timmy stood next to Sam and pictured himself racing in a sports car. He pictured himself winning a huge race and holding the trophy in his hands as reporter ran up to him wanting an interview. “You won the race, how do you feel?”
Timmy answered with a huge smile for the camera as girls came running around him “Its the best thing in the world. How could it get any better then this?”
Bobby saw himself at a comic book convention. A reporter coming up to him in the middle of fans screaming for his autograph. “What’s it like having the biggest selling comic book of all time. A comic book based on yourself where you are the superhero? With thousands of people here today wanting to met their idol? What do you have to say about all this?”
“It’s a wonderful time. I hope I get a chance to meet all my fans. Being in a comic books is the greatest thing” he pictured himself answering while signing autographs.
“You stay at the best hotels in the world. Do you ever get tired of it?” The reporter asked.
“No way, I love it and I love my fans” Bobby said while lost in his daydream as the band played on.
Kyle saw himself landing on the grass with his trademark golden parachute and a reporter running up to him with a microphone in hand “Looks like you’re the most famous daredevil on earth, what will be your next trick?” She yelled out as Kyle pictured himself posing for pictures for magazine covers.
“I want to ride my bike through the world’s biggest desert.” He called out.
“Won’t that be dangerous?” he pictured the reporter asking.
He nodded “Everything I do is scary. But that’s the thrill.”
“Everywhere you go, you get the VIP treatment, must be a nice life?”
“I’ll never complain. I came from a small town, where I learned good family values. And how hard work can pay off”
All four kids continued to daydream about fame and fortune. Seeing themselves on the bandstand waving to the loving crowds and having everyone cheering their name just like how they cheered for the General. They were lost in another world. They were convinced it was just a matter of time before the world knew their names and loved them. None of them noticed a black car with tinted windows on the street a few yards away watching.
The cry wolves’ gang along with the General and everyone in town went on enjoying the music for another hour as the musical festival continued with different bands playing. After the last band finished the stage was cleared. Everyone could feel the excitement in the air waiting for the firework show to start up. The mayor announced into the microphone it would take roughly forty minutes to set up the stage for special musical guest “Fly by Night.” Everyone cheered when they heard the band’s name.
Timmy turned to the others “Looks like we have a few minutes before the fireworks show starts. How about we grab some popsicles while we wait?”
Kyle’s eyes lit up “I like that idea. We’ll just have to keep a look out for men in black trying to sneak up on Bobby”
The other guys laughed as they turned towards Main Street.
“Don’t’ laugh guys. I’m telling you it was a scary moment. If you had seen what I’ve seen, you wouldn’t be laughing” Bobby said.
They made there way along Main Street’s sidewalk headed towards the variety store, debating the greatest flavor of Popsicle of all time. A few other people from town walked along the sidewalk either in front of them or behind. All headed somewhere before the big show. The entire street was quiet; the majority of people stayed in the park, not wanting to loss their spot.
The kids were half a block away from the variety store when Bobby glanced over his shoulder and noticed a black car with tinted windows slowly approaching behind him in the right lane. Fear shoot through his body as the headlights looked like a shark slowly closing in. “Guys, guys.” He had to get their attention quick “Look at that car coming up behind us. It’s a black car with tinted windows. It looks just like the car the men in black tried picking up the crazy man in”
Kyle looked over his shoulder and quickly looked back forward. “Wow, would you look at that” Cold fear ran through his veins “There really is a black car behind us. Ok, this is getting weird”
“You really think they’re following us?” Timmy whispered trying to act calm.
“Why would they, we have done nothing wrong” Sam whispered back.
“Maybe they want to talk to you Bobby. They might want know what the crazy man told you.” Kyle said
“Dude, you’re freaking me out.” Bobby said, “What if they do want to take me away? They had no problem going after a crazy old man; maybe they will take me away as well. I’ll never be seen again”
“They won’t grab a kid off the street” Timmy said, “Think we should turn around and confront them?”
Sam looked nervous. He knew the chances of them coming after Bobby where next to none but, what if? “Let’s head inside the variety store to pick up our popsicles and try to act cool. We’ll watch the car from the store window.”
“I like that idea. Anything to get off the street” Bobby said as he darted into the store.
The other three walked inside and picked out the popsicles color they liked best.
Timmy slowly walked to the front of the store and peeked out the window. He looked up and down the street for any sign of the black car. He kept to the side of the window incase the driver might’ve seen him.
The kids hung out inside the store eating their popsicles longer then they plan too, wanting to kill time before going back outside. Hoping the car would be gone by then.
Bobby walked over to Timmy “See the car out there?” he whispered.
“Well, maybe” Timmy answered, “I saw a black car pull in behind the empty building at the top if Main Street.”
Sam heard Timmy and walked over “The empty building? Wonder what its doing there?”
Timmy poked his head out the variety store door; he signaled to the other guys to come out when there was no sign of men in black.
They stood on the sidewalk looking at the empty building a few blocks up.
It didn’t make sense to Kyle “What would the men in black be using that building for? It’s been empty since my parents were young. No one knows what that building has very been used for. For some reason it’s always been empty.”
“Tell me about it, the truth about that building is more mysterious, then anything else on earth. Some say the building is haunted. Rumors are it’s the first building ever built in this town. Some even say the building stood before the town was even created. This is getting weirder by the minute” Bobby said.
“There’s only one way to find out the truth.” Sam said, “We need to sneak over to the building and look inside”
The other three boys turned and stared at Sam.
“Ah, what?” Bobby said. “Did I hear you right?”
Timmy and Kyle continued to stare at Sam in silence.
“These guys just tried abducted a crazy man off the street who’s said we’re chosen for something.” Sam said, “We need to understand what’s going on here. Here’s my idea. You three head back to the park, incase the men in black are watching Bobby from a distance. This way it looks as though everything’s the same. I however will sneak over to the empty building and check it out”
“That’s it. Sam’s gone crazy” Kyle said.
Bobby looked nervous “Oh, I don’t know. Those men in black give me the creeps. What if they catch you?”
Sam looked at him “I’ll only be there for a second, then I’ll get out of there. They won’t have time to catch me”
Timmy looked over to Kyle “Your right, Sam is nuts”
“I hope this works out,” Bobby said. “Your idea sounds crazy, this is real life not an action movie”
“Something is going down in this town” Sam said, “We need to figure out what it is, right now. We got weird looking men in black sneaking around our town grabbing people off the street, plus they’re following us. Now they’re meeting in a building that has been empty all of our lives. I for one don’t like this cat and mouse game. Who are they and what are they planning? The guy who grabbed Bobby said we where chosen for something. What did he mean?”
Bobby looked to Sam “What did he mean? Might I remind you he is crazy. He meant nothing by it. You saw his eyes like I did. He’s crazy”
“Bobby’s right” Kyle said, “We can’t chase after men in black because of something a crazy man said”
“It will only take a second.” Sam said, “If I find nothing, I’ll come back right away.”
Timmy agreed, “He’s right, something weird is happening around here. We need to figure it out”
“But we’re kids, what can we do?” Bobby asked, “Why not tell the police the car is following us?”
Sam shook his head “The driver of the black car hasn’t done anything wrong, the police can’t stop it for driving down the street. We know something isn’t right, that’s why we need to look into it. How many times have we talked about being a spy and saving the town, now’s are chance. The man said we were chosen. Maybe the men in black know something we don’t. We should look into it. This could turn out to be something big”
The three boys looked at each other and nodded.
“Just don’t get caught” Bobby said “Those men in black looked weird. Who knows where there from”
“Make sure you don’t stay for too long though. Any sign of danger and you need to run” Timmy said.
“No problem, I’ll spy on them long enough to hear what they’re talking about, found out how it includes us,” Sam said.
“We’ll head back to the park incase were being watching us from a distance” Bobby said.
They all nodded, the three boys turned and headed back down the sidewalk towards the park while causally looking down every street and alleyway at each intersection for any more black cars.
They reached the park as the mayor was introducing the band Fly By Night. The crowd cheered loudly as the bass player struck a few notes. At the same moment red fireworks shot into the darken sky. The three boys looked over their shoulders for any movement on the street.
Sam made his way up Main Street. He slowly approached the dark two story empty building that stood empty for the longest time.
He walked by the front of the dark building making it look as though he were bored and slowed his pace. Gave an innocent look over his shoulder, making sure he wasn’t being watched and smoothly slipped down the side of the building towards the alleyway. He leaned against the wall hidden by the darkness just below a window. He made sure not to make any noise.
A loud crash from the fireworks exploded in the sky, lighting up the town and Sam in bright red.
He slowly rose up under the window that was open ever so slightly; this would give him a chance to hear what was going on. He peaked inside. His eyes lit up, he couldn’t believe what he was seeing. A single light hung from the ceiling. A table was in the center of the room. A group of military men in uniforms and some scientists wearing white coats stood around the table looking at a map. He recognized the man in the middle as the General. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. The General must’ve slipped away from the stage when he and the others went for popsicles. They looked like military warriors preparing for battle. What on earth where they planning? A million thoughts ran through his mind as the area around him lit up from the fireworks. He could tell the map they were looking at was his town, but they appeared to be pointing at the forest. Why on earth would military men need to point out the forest on a map? It was hard to hear anything from the exploding fireworks a few blocks away. He could hear everyone at the park cheering as the explosions went off. He figured everyone was so focused on the show no one noticed the General gone. He wanted a better view, but he had to stay low to avoid being seen. He wanted to run inside and demand answers, but that wouldn’t work. It would only get him in trouble. He figured he return to the others and try to solve the mystery with them.

At the park the band played hit song after hit song as the fireworks shot off in to the sky lighting up everyone in attendance in a dazzling display of colors, as everyone watched in amazement.
Band members ran around on stage playing their guitars as the kids near the front cheered on.
Timmy turned to Bobby “Sure hope they haven’t caught Sam? He was crazy to spy on them. We were crazy to let him go.”
Bobby nodded “I know how you feel, but we couldn’t stay behind. If the men in black are watching us they would’ve seen Sam looking in the window” he said as he tired to focus on the music on stage, giving himself a distraction. Every few seconds though he would look over his shoulder.
A few nervous filled minutes later Kyle noticed someone walking along the sidewalk approaching the park. He recognized it to be Sam. “Guys look there he is” he whispered and pointed.
Timmy and Bobby quickly looked where Kyle was pointing,
“Your right, he’s coming back. Man, that was close” Timmy said as he felt the world lift off his shoulders. He couldn’t imagine what he would’ve told Sam’s parents if he went missing.
Sam gave one last look over his shoulder making sure no one was following him as he crossed the street. He made his way over the grass towards the others.
When he arrived they each took a few steps back from the crowd so no one would hear them talking.
“Guys you’re not going to believe this,” Sam whispered, “I peaked through the opened window and I saw the General in there. There were a few other military men as well and a few scientists. They were standing around a large table pointing at a map. Looking like there were planning something big”
The three other kids all looked at each other in shock.
“The General?” Timmy asked, “I though the military just came here this weekend for a friendly visit”
“Looks like they have other plans.” Kyle said with his back to the stage as everyone else in town stood facing it enjoying the music.
“Could you see the map?” Bobby asked.
“I couldn’t tell exactly where, but it looks as though they’re planning something in the forest”
“Our forest, right here in town?” Kyle quickly said. “What’s going on around here”
Sam whispered while making sure no one else could hear “It was hard to understand what was being said, I could only make out a few words, the window was only open a little bit, but The General while pointing at the map said the army will be ready when they arrive. I don’t know what he meant, but whatever it is. It’s going to happen, tonight”
“Tonight?” Kyle eyes lit up as he rubbed his hands together “Guys, it doesn’t take a geniuses to know what’s happening here. I figured it out. I know what it is”
Sam and Timmy looked at him confused.
“I saw this exact thing on a TV show last week called Boys in Blue. Cops stood around a map and came up with a plan to take down a bunch of low life criminals all at one time. The criminals had planned to meet each other in the woods; the cops found out about the meeting and hid in the darkness and busted all the low lives at once. I bet you that’s what going on here”
“But Sam didn’t see cops, he only saw the military?” Timmy said confused “That doesn’t make sense. Why would the military go after someone in the woods? Why not have the police arrest them?”
Kyle paused for a moment as Fly by Night started their next song. He knew Timmy was right. He quickly looked back to him when the answer came to him. “Don’t you see, the criminals aren’t just coming here for a talk, they’re planning something really big. Something so big it goes beyond what a small town police department can handle and since the military is in town, they’ll make the bust”
Timmy still looked troubled “I’ve never heard of the military being needed to arrest someone” he shook his head in confusion. “They fight wars, not arrest bad guys”
Bobby nodded and agreed with Timmy.
“Besides, no one is aloud out in the woods tonight anyways” Timmy said. “They’re dusting for the dangerous insect. It’s not safe for anyone to be out there”
Sam spoke up “Timmy’s right, it doesn’t make sense. If they’re dusting with poison why would the military put themselves in harms way to arrest someone?”
They all paused and looked at each other in confusion as the bright fireworks continued to fire into the night sky as the band played on.
Kyle’s eyes lit up “Unless that’s what they want us to believe”
The other boys looked to him.
Kyle continued, “Could it be there’s no dusting at al? It’s just a lie to keep everyone out of the forest so no one gets tangled up in the arrest. The military doesn’t want innocent people getting in the way”
Timmy nodded “Yeah, Kyle is right. It makes sense. Some massive criminal empire is going down, right here in our forest and the army has come in to get it done, sweet. I bet that’s why the military is here in the first place. It’s no met and greet, that’s just a cover story. The real reason why their here is the huge take down. They’re just using the meet and greet as a smoke screen not to scare off the criminals. I’m telling you, Kyle is right on this”
Sam felt shock as he took it all in “Never thought a criminal empire would have a secret meeting in the woods of our small town”
Timmy looked over to Sam “Maybe that’s what criminals do, they meet in isolated areas. If they met up in the city the cops would be all over them, whereas out here they can meet in large numbers and get away with it.”
Kyle nodded “Like a Little Bohemia Lodge”
“Makes sense to me” Sam said. “I bet the media will be all over this town after the arrest happens. I bet these criminals are really bad if the army has to be called in to take them down.”
Bobby looked worried “Just one problem. What if the criminals run from the military and run straight into our town? They could threaten to hurt our families. You know how criminals are when they run from the law, they take hostages, I’ve seen it a million times on TV. They could take this entire town hostage that could lead to a massive shoot out. Our whole town could be destroyed ”
The kids looked at each other worried.
“Good point Bobby. This isn’t sounding so good all of a sudden,” Kyle said.
“Lets not panic” Sam said “The military will stop the criminals before they run into our town, I’m sure of it. They are professionals, they know what they’re doing”
“The woods are dark and thick.” Bobby said “They military might get lost in there”
“He has a point” Kyle said, “The military has never been here before, they might loose there way in the dark woods. They might even fall off dead mans cliff while running around in the dark. Then who’ll save the town?” he looked at each of them “You guys thinking what I’m thinking? The military might need our help”
Bobby nearly fell back in shock “Are you crazy? What do you mean? No way on earth can we team up with the military. Where just kids, they’ll laugh at us. Tell us to head home”
“No, I don’t mean team up with them, I mean us hiding out in the forest under the cover of darkness, watching from a distance” Kyle said “If the criminals make a run for it, we can help out by following and telling the military were they went. Its not like were going to wrestle the criminals to the ground ourselves. Just point the military in the right direction. We know the forest around here better then anyone. We can move around out there in the dark. We can even warn them if they get to close to dead man’s cliff. They’ll be able to arrest the criminals before they reach town. They will thank us for helping out. I can see it in my mind as clear as day. It’s time to be heroes. Hero’s don’t run from danger, they run to it. We’ve been called wimps in this town for too long, its time to prove to everyone here, were not losers, were brave ”
They all paused for a moment and looked at each other with nervous concern.
Sam looked at the others “Well, we can’t get involved unless it’s absolutely necessary. We’ll stay in the shadows and watch from a safe distance and only help if the criminals make a run for it in the direction of town and the military is getting to close to dead man’s cliff. No other reason”
Kyle nodded and had a huge smile “And at the variety show on Saturday we’ll be called up on stage by the General to a hero’s applause from everyone in town. I bet we’ll even get honorary badges.”
“Badges?” Bobby said eyes his eyes lit up “Really? I’d love a badge. It would look so cool. We can show it off in the faces of Warren and his gang.”
Timmy agreed, “Not only will we be called hero’s, we’ll be sure to get in the newspaper. Even on the front cover. Not just the front cover in our town, but in the big city as well. This really is turning into the greatest weekend ever.”
Kyle looked at Bobby “Megan is sure to talk to you afterwards”
“Oh yeah” Bobby said excited and started dancing where he stood. Anyone watching him from a distance would think he was just enjoying the songs by Fly by Night
The other kids found it hard to contain their excitement as well.
“This is going to be the coolest night of our lives” Bobby said.
“Ok, here’s the plan” Sam said as he whispered, “After the fireworks we’ll head home and act as though nothing is different. Don’t act odd around your parents. Just act like it’s a normal night. At ten thirty we’ll meet up at the playground. We’ll head out into the forest. Tell your parents you’re leaving the house to play video games at each other’s house, but don’t say which house”
They looked at each other and silently nodded in agreement and went back to watching the fireworks. There faces lit up by the countless bright firework shooting into the night sky. Fly by Night rocked on with the crowd cheering as each of the cry wolves members were lost in their own daydream. Picturing themselves on stage at the end of the variety show, the General handing them their own honorary badges as everyone in town stood up from their seats giving them a rousing ovation.
Sam was convinced it would lead to a life as in actor in blockbuster movies. He could see countless reporters from all over the world rushing to his town to interview him on how he stopped the criminals from making their way into his town. He was sure a big movie producer would see the interviews and come calling. He could see himself on a movie set. Standing in front of a camera surrounded by bright spotlights and pretty woman, getting ready for a big action scene jumping from a tall building to a hanging ladder from a helicopter, or jumping from a fast moving car before it fires off a massive cliff. He saw himself on stage accepting an award for his performance as thousands appalled. It was just a matter of time.
Timmy stood next to him trying to focus on the fireworks, but he couldn’t help but see himself on a racetrack with a hundred thousand spectators filling the grandstand cheering his name. Inside the car with his helmet pulled down tight as his eyes bore down on the car in front of him, his hands gripping the steering wheel. The car sounding like thunder as the post from the metal fence flew by in a blink of an eye. He knew he could win any race. He could see himself on the winner podium thanking all his fans as the crowd cheered and chanted his name as the confetti fell all around him. He pictured a reporter running up to him asking a million questions and his witty answering making the viewers at home laugh. He knew millions of kids around the world would want to be just like him. He could see an endless row of hot sports cars in his driveway.
Bobby watched the fireworks shoot into the sky and pictured himself living in a golden mansion with countless rooms and hallways. He could see himself lying in the middle a massive three story high room surrounded by millions of comic books all autographed by they creators. Bright sunlight pouring through the massive tall windows on all sides of the room with his cell phone constantly ringing with reporters wanting an interview to ask about the day he stopped the criminals from entering his small town. How he acted so bravely in telling the military the direction the bad guys took off running in. He imagined a comic book staring himself as the superhero. Kids all over the world would want to be just like him, looking up to him and calling him a hero. He was convinced a movie would be made of this night and he would play himself, maybe even wearing a superhero outfit. Of course he didn’t have a superhero outfit right now, but a few changes could be made for the shake of the movie. He could attend comic book conventions all over the world and sign autographs for his countless fans. The very moment he would walk into any convention hall everyone in the packed room would part the sea creating a path for him to walk forward. Greeting everyone with a smile, as they all cheered his name.
Kyle could see himself surrounded by movie stars and beautiful woman as he walked down the red carpet of a blockbuster movie premier. All the reporters calling out his name wanted his picture. All the other movie stars in awe over the sight of a real life hero. He knew tonight would change his life. No one was going to threaten his town. He would do whatever it takes to defined and save it.

Operation Stand Ground was quiet as a few soldiers patrolled the perimeter next to the highway wearing infrared goggles allowing them to see anything that moved in the darkness. No cars were moving along the highway. The last train had passed on hour ago. The river was quiet as the water gently flowed by. The moonlight lit up the area.
The quiet, dark complex was suddenly lit up as a row of army jeeps thundering down the highway. Their headlights lighting up the road in front of them. They pulled off the highway and came to a stop. The driver of the General’s jeep stopped a few feet from the main tent. The General got out fixed his hat and made his way inside.
He turned to solider 12 who was typing on his computer laptop. “I’ve just completed the meeting with the scientists. They pointed out on the map the location of where the saucer will be landing. Apparently the aliens have information to hand over to the scientists which will help build cars that will run on rechargeable batteries, so gasoline will never have to used again. They said it’s the alien’s way of helping mankind save the earth from itself. If you ask me it’s a trick. I really know what there up to. Those creatures want their technology in our vehicles. So when they attack they can switch off our vehicles. I can’t understand why such smart scientists can be fooled like this. How can they not see the alien’s lies like I can”
He walked over to his desk and picked up the phone. “Solider 28. I have just found out the location of where the saucer will be landing. I’ll be headed back down Forest Road in a few hours for a meeting with the aliens. Set up the barricade at the entrance of Forest Road so no one in town sees what were doing. Make it look as though were getting ready to spray the forest with the pesticides. Patrol the town in the black cars and scan all the houses; look for anyone acting suspicious, anyone who might know more then they should. I want to know who John Smith was talking to and make sure you look for those little kids as well. If you see them pick them up and bring them to the prison cell.”
“Yes sir” solider 28 said and hung up the phone.
The General turned to solider 12. “Make sure no one gets into the forest tonight. Have a group of soldiers patrolling up and down Forest Road, and bring your guns”
Solider 12 looked him in the eye “Yes sir, we’ll do whatever it takes to keep everyone out”
The General looked out the window towards the forest and whispered, “Whatever it takes”

With the darkness around town three black cars with dark tinted windows slowly pulled off of Forest Road and onto Main Street. Behind them soldiers dressed as forest rangers build up a barricade blocking the only exit out of Springbrook Gardens. A sign was hung on the barricade reading “danger”
As the first black car approached the first intersection it turned left down an unassuming residential street. A few intersections later the second of the black cars gradually turned down another quiet residential street. A minute later the last of the three black cars turned left and slowly made its way down a street. Each car crept along in the shadows passing by each residential house. The passenger seated to the right of the driver pointed a red laser scanner at each house. On his lap sat a lightweight sliver laptop computer. As the laser scanner passed by each house the passenger could listen in on each conversation going on in each house, person to person or on a phone. Any website someone was looking at on their computer would appear on his laptop. Any e-mail send out or received in the passed few days appeared on the laptop as well. Any information downloaded in any households computer was atomically downloaded by the man in black as the car drove passed.
The first black car rolled pass house number forty-six on Lawrence Street. Sixteen-year-old Clair Planes was sitting on her bed talking to a friend about a cute boy at school named Paul Duncan. The man in black sat in the car and heard every word. They moved on.
In house fifty-seven a twenty five year old boy was watching a movie on the Internet. When the black car drove passed the image of the movie appeared on the screen on the laptop.

Timmy sat on his bed he didn’t feel like watching any TV shows or movies. He was to busy picturing himself stopping the criminals from running into his town. He could see himself running down Forest Road after the bad guys who would surrender when they saw him coming. He could see the General catching up to him out of breath and thanking him for being so brave.
He looked at his watch. It read twenty five after ten and knew it was time to leave. An hour earlier he told his parents he was going to a friends house to play video games and spend the night. Something he had done a million times before. They would never suspect anything. He figured if he came home a hero they would over look the little lie.
He put on dark clothing and quietly made his way down the stairs and slipped out the back door. He made his way over to the park and hid in the shadows and watched as the other three boys one by one arrived in the cover of darkness.
Without saying a word they look at each other and nodded. They all knew the importance of the moment. This could very well be the night when everything changes. Fame was knocking for each of them. Within the next few days the world would know there name and want to know whose shirt they wear.
They set out down Baker Street staying in the shadows making sure the neighbors couldn’t see them. Bobby kept a look out for any black cars hiding in the shadows.
Sam looked at each of them and whispered “Ok guys this is it. Time to be heroes.”
They all nodded.
“This is our day. Our lives change right now. In the future, kids of Springbrook Gardens will know our names. They’ll probably make statues of us for the center of town” Sam added
The other kids looked at each other with a smile.
“Love to have a statue of myself” Bobby whispered, “That would be so cool”
Kyle spook up “And Warren and his gang who scared us in the woods will wish they were as cool as us”
Bobby and Timmy laughed quietly.
They slowly made there way up to Main Street. Just as they approached the corner at the top of the street and turned onto it, a black car turned onto the street they were just on at the other end missing them by a few seconds.
They walked along Main Street, lit up every few seconds as they passed under street lamps. The stores were all quiet and dark, along with the rest of the town. There was stillness in the air. They walked for fifteen minutes without saying a word, to focused on the task. They reached the barricade blocking the entrance to the Forest Road. A sign hung on the barricade reading, “Danger. Do not enter. Dusting underway. Poison. Stay away”
The kids looked at the sign, then each other and laughed to themselves. They knew it was all a lie.
Bobby approached the barricade and was about to step under it when he noticed a mysterious figure in he shadows walking along Forest Road a few yards down. Fear shoot through his body as he quickly moved back and lowered down to the ground along with the other kids.
They watched the mysterious figure move closer, wondering if he had noticed Bobby. The darken figure turned around and walked back the other way. The kids’ felt a bit of relief as there bodies relaxed. Their night was almost over before it began. They all knew if caught, they would’ve missed out on being heroes and their parents would run them up the flag poll for lying.
They stayed low and moved off the road towards the bushes.
“Looks like they got a military guard patrolling the streets” Kyle whispered “Makes sense. He must be watching so no one crosses the barrier”
“Stay cool” Sam whispered, “I know a way around this. Lets head over to hole in the tree. Follow me”
The kids stayed low making sure the guard couldn’t see them as they rose up from there spot and walked along the grass. The thick forest edge stood like a mountain to there right. Backyards from the neighboring houses to there left.
The trees and bushes of the forest made a solid wall making it almost impossible to climb or push through. If any kids tired entering the forest at any random spot, they would get scratched up, not a good idea. Or worse they might get stuck in the thorns and bushes and have to call their mommy and daddy for help. Making them the joke in school for a few weeks. They marched along in the darkness for a few minutes until they came a small opening in the brush, no more then a foot across and two feet in height, barely noticeable in the daytime much less the night. The kids in the neighborhood called the place “hole in the tree”. No one knew for sure who came up with the name. It had existed before the kids where born. Anytime kids wanted into the forest this was the spot to come to.
Sam nodded to the others and pointed to the opening. Without saying a word one by one they leaned forward and crawled through. Once through, they could stand up straight and start slowly walking.
As if the night wasn’t dark enough, the forest took away the remaining light. Massive trees stood side by side like soldiers looking down upon them. They stayed low from the thick branches reaching down from above. They slowly made there way through the intense brush and twigs. Anyone new in town would easily have gotten lost or trap within minutes.
As they moved through the dark forest they made sure not to head in the direction of Forest Road, knowing patrolling soldiers would spot them. Sam led the way as the others followed behind. Stepping over and crawling under massive fallen tree branches, avoiding bushes and stepping over tree roots. None of them wanted to step on thin fallen branches and crack it, which would echo throughout the forest, possibly alerting nearby soldiers.
Kyle pushed a tree branch to the side and glanced over his shoulder and for a moment thought saw someone following behind a few yards back, he quickly looked again and saw no one. He figured it was his nervous imagination playing tricks with his mind.
Timmy looked over to Forest Road and pointed out the military guards patrolling the area. “Wow, they really don’t want anyone around here,” he whispered to Sam.
“Can you blame them? A huge arrest is about to go down.” Sam whispered back.
They kept pushing their way through the darkness with branches hanging over their head like fingers. An average person would’ve felt trapped in a cave.
Kyle could only see a foot or two in front of him. He couldn’t see the hands on his watch, but he knew they had been pushing through the forest for a long time. “So just what are we looking for?” He whispered as he brushed countless tree branches out of his face. Even the morning sunlight would’ve been blocked out at ground level. “We’ve been walking through this forest for a long time. We don’t even know where the military will be arresting the bad guys. We don’t even know how many bad guys there are. For all we know the arrest might be happening out on the main highway, nowhere close to town”
Sam nodded “Your right, this is silly. We could be out here all night and not see anything. I had an idea” he said while avoiding a tree branch and snapping it “We’ll move closer to Forest Road and wait until a military vehicles drives by, we’ll follow behind, far enough back so they can’t see us”
The others nodded.
“Better then what were doing now” Kyle said.
They turned towards Forest Road, each one looking out for military guards patrolling the area.
“Keep your eyes open guys” Timmy said, “Can’t let the guards see us”
A few minutes later they reached the edge of Forest Road and hid in the shadows behind a massive tree and waited.
For the next ten minutes they stayed lowed looking up and down the road waiting for any vehicle, each one hoping to be the first to spot a jeep with the General moving in position for the take down. From there hiding spot the road looked as thought it went on forever in both directions.
In the still of the night not a sound was heard anywhere. Nothing in the forest moved, no animal or breeze, as if time had stopped. All was quiet, for a long time.
Bobby looked at his watched. A half hour had passed and he could feel his knees cramping up. He leaned back on the tree behind him as the others sat around trying not to drift off to sleep from boredom. “Nothing is going on guys. We’ve been here forever. Not even the nighttime little critters are making a sound. Maybe the military changed their minds”
Kyle nodded as he rubbed his neck. “Yeah, we’ve been here long enough. Not one car has driven by, good guy or bad. Maybe we should head back” he said sounding disappointed.
Sam looked over to Timmy who nodded. They both wanted the chance to be heroes and have it lead to fame and fortune, but not tonight. This night was going to be a quiet one; nothing out of the ordinary was going to happen.
They all looked at each other disappointed and were about to stand up and head home when the area all around them suddenly lit up by a massive bright white light from above. All four kids freaked out and jumped to there feet in a heartbeat. They looked up and watched as a massive bright oval object passed above the trees blowing their hair around along with fallen leaves and dirt. The trees branches swirled around in all directions as the intense bright light cut through, lighting up their faces and the ground surrounding their feet.
The kids all leaned back and pointed upwards as there hair blew in their faces. Each one yelling out as they stepped back tripping over tree roots. They scrambled back up onto their feet still having their eyes locked on the unidentified flying object.
“What on earth is that?” Bobby yelled out as he got to his feet pushing his hair back from his eyes.
“A military helicopter?” Kyle yelled out, trying to get a better look.
“I know what it is.” Timmy yelled out “It’s the dusting. It’s real, they really are dusting the forest with pesticides”
The kids all look at each other in fear and started to panic.
“Were in for it now.” Bobby yelled out “We gotta get out of here. The dusting for the insect warning is real”
“It all makes senses” Kyle yelled out while lit up from the bright light as the tree branches and his hair blew in the wind “That’s what the military meant when they said they we’ll get the bad guys. They didn’t mean criminals, they meant insects harming the trees.” He turned to Sam “I bet it wasn’t even the military you saw in that building. You probably just saw the men who were brought in to dust the forest.”
“Lets not stand around chatting.” Timmy yelled out in terror “Lets get out of here. Before the pesticides gets into our lungs”
In the blink of an eye they took off running out onto the road. The light casted their shadows for yards away as fear moved their feet.
They took of running towards town as the bright light moved away from the road into the dark forest.
Timmy gave one last look over his shoulder hoping he wouldn’t see the poisonous gas falling towards them when he noticed the light no longer over the road. It was now beginning to lower towards the tree line deeper in the forest. The object looked just like what he saw when looking out his bedroom window the night before. It had to be the same thing. “Wait, stop running” he yelled out “It’s not spraying any pesticides” He stopped running “In fact it looks like its slowing down and lowering to an open patch in the forest. Why would an airplane dusting the forest want to land?”
The three others stopped running and looked back at Timmy. They realized the road was no longer lit up. They were back in darkness.
Kyle looked over to Sam confused.
“Maybe they need help,” Bobby said. “Maybe something went wrong with their plane”
Kyle nodded “You know, we can help them out and still be hero’s. This night doesn’t have to be a wash out.”
Sam’s eyes lit up “Good thinking, lets see where it lands”
The kids started running down the road towards the light.
“Have to admit thought,” Bobby said as he ran “That was a strange looking duster. Now that I think about it, it looked oval in shape, with no wings. Never seen anything like that before”
“Maybe it’s a new type of duster,” Kyle yelled out as he ran along “An experimental plane. Something the military is trying out this weekend”
“Cool” Bobby said “A new type of military duster in our town”
Timmy tried keeping an eye on the light that was deep into the woods off the road. Everything was the same from yesterday night. The brightness of the light and the shape and size of the mystery craft “Hard to see through all the trees” he called out.
Sam stood next to Timmy and tried to locate it in the dense woods. His eyes locked onto it. He pointed to it “Look I see it now. It’s about to land in the open field. Lets get closer”
The kids quickly cut off the road and into the forest. They pushed through the branches and bushes faster then they ever moved before. They never looked away from the light.
“I can kinda see it” Timmy said as he pushed the branches away. Stepping over tree roots. “Look at it, that has to be the weirdest looking helicopter I’ve ever seen. It’s oval, sliver and flat in size. ” Timmy said. “I’m telling you, that’s what I saw from my window”
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but isn’t a helicopter supposed to be loud?” Bobby asked has he moved around a tree with uneven ground under his feet. “It isn’t making any noise at all. Look at how bright it is. Never seen such a powerful light on a helicopter before”
“Could it be a search light?” Kyle asked, “Maybe our parents have noticed us gone. Now they’re out looking for us. That’s might be a search party looking for us” Kyle said.
The kids stopped moving and looked at each other worried.
“Oh, where in trouble now” Bobby shook his head while looking down.
“No, can’t be. We haven’t been gone for that long,” Sam said.
“He’s right.” Timmy said. “There’s no way our parents would’ve sent a helicopter after us”
“They would’ve driven down the road looking for us” Kyle said, “Not flying over the forest. Or they at least would’ve walked through the woods calling out our names”
“Good point” Bobby said, “I guess it really is a mysterious object. We need to check it out” he started to move towards it again.
Timmy slowly walked closer and continued to stare at the oval object that now rested on the forest floor, lighting up the tress for yards away not making a sound. He couldn’t help but think about the bright light he saw yesterday night. The object, which rose above his bedroom window, was identical to this one “Is anyone else thinking what I’m thinking? Maybe this object isn’t man made. It sure looks different then anything I’ve ever seen before in books or movies”
“I sure hope it’s not Warren and his gang playing another prank?” Kyle said.
“This would be one insane hoax for them to be pulling off. Why would they go through all this work just to scare a bunch of kids who shouldn’t be in the forest anyways? How would they know we’re out here?” Sam said.
“This is getting weirder by the second.” Timmy whispered as he pushed branches out of his way, “Why is it just sitting there? If it’s a helicopter in trouble why is one is calling out for help, I can’t see anyone inside, in fact I can’t see any windows or doors. Even the landing gear is different. Three long dark, thin metal legs extending from the object touching the ground”
Bobby looked around through the intense thick tree branches “Has anyone else notice everything in the forest has fallen silent. Even the crickets are quiet.”
“We need to be careful” Sam whispered “Lets stay here for a second and get a better idea of what it is, then get closer”
The kids stopped moving and lowered themselves behind some thick bushes. They stared at the object holding their breath, it felt like time had stop. The open patch where the saucer rested was a wash of bright white light. The trees around the object were lit up as though it were daylight.
They waited for what felt like an entirety, staring at the bizarre silver oval object. None of them could make sense of what they where staring at. A million thoughts ran through each of their minds, but none of them would dare speak.
 Suddenly a door on the landed object opened causing the kids to jump back, nearly falling over each other.
“This is weird guys,” Bobby whispered.
They stared in disbelief as a rectangular shape door on the top part of the saucer, which a second ago was smooth and flush with the hull silently lifted up towards the night sky and a dark smaller sized ramp lower from the underside of the saucer towards the forest floor.
Timmy slowly pointed and whispered, “You see what I’m seeing standing at the door of the aircraft? There’s a silhouette of someone ready to walk down. It looks like a little kid”
They watched in astonishment as a thin, short, about four feet in height, grey skin figure stepped onto the ramp. The figure had massive big black oval shaped eyes, a thin noise and little lips. It’s arms and legs moved gracefully as though it lacked elbows or knees as it walked down the ramp and stood on the forest dirt.
None of the kids could speak or move. They were all frozen in fear.
“This is remarkable” Timmy could barley get out. “Can it really be an alien?”
“Look at its eyes.” Bobby whispered, “They’re so big and black. Just like the one we saw last night. Maybe what we say last night wasn’t Warren and his gang after all”
“What do you think it’s doing here?” Kyle asked, “Why would it just land in the forest? This is a small town, nothing to do here.”
“Do you think it knows were hiding here?” Bobby asked
“Lets hope not. It might have a ray gun, like in the movies.” Kyle said
“What’s it waiting for, it just standing there looking around. What does it want? Why land in the forest so late at night?” Sam asked.
Timmy was shocked “Look at the top of the ramp guys, there’s two more”
They watched as two more grey aliens walked down the ramp and stood on either side of the first alien.
“Its an invasion.” Bobby whispered, “They will attack us all. This can’t be real”
“It’s so odd. They look as though they move in slow motion.” Timmy said, “They move so fluid like.”
Sam nodded “Their arms and legs are so thin. Their heads are triangular in shape. The eyes are so big. They don’t seem to be talking to each other”
“Maybe they speak, but through there minds” Timmy said.
“Ohhh, that’s cool” Bobby said.
Sam looked over his shoulder as he heard a noise coming up the road behind him “Guys don’t freak out, but vehicles are coming this way” he whispered as they all kept there heads down avoided the light from the spacecraft.
Timmy took his eyes off the aliens for only a second to glance back at the road. “It looks like a three army jeeps.”
Bobby’s eyes lit up “The military have arrived to battle the aliens. There’s going to be a war and were stuck in the middle of it. I knew I should’ve stayed home.”
Kyle shook his head “But if this is a war, why is the military only showing up in three small jeeps? Where are the tanks? Why would the aliens just stand there? Shouldn’t they have their ray guns ready to go?”
They watched as the three hunter green jeeps slowed downed and pulled off the road onto the gravel. Their headlights lighting up the road a few yards ahead. The sound of the jeeps running was the only sound in the forest. The jeeps turned off and six men stepped out, two from each one. They made there way into the forest towards the spacecraft avoiding the trees and bushes. Four of the men were in military uniforms as the other two wore white lab coats. The kids eyes lit up when the recognized the General leading the group.
They watched him place his hat on his head and adjusted his military jacket. Making sure all the badges and metals were in the right place.
The six men walked right passed the kids still hiding in the shadows of thick bushes, missing them by a few feet. Their black clothes helped them blend into the darkness.
The six men made his way over to the open patch. The General moved forward and stood face to face with the grey aliens with his hands on his hips and silver sunglasses on.
The aliens stood emotionless. The other military men stood a few feet back from the General.
Kyle watched in shock “It’s amazing how there able to stand face to face with aliens without freaking out. They must’ve seen them before. I bet this isn’t the first time humans have made contact with aliens.”
Bobby nodded “I knew it. The government has known about aliens all this time and never gone public with it. I’ve read about conspiracies like this.”
Sam watched “It seems to be a peaceful meeting between the two. No tension or threat of war” he whispered. He couldn’t believe he doubted the existence of aliens a few hours ago. Of all the bizarre stories he read, and now this.
Kyle was confused “Why are they not fighting like they do in the movies? This is so weird, what’s going on over there?”
“Look guys” Timmy whispered and pointed, “One of the scientists is stepping forward and the alien in front is handing something over to him”
“What on earth could it be?” Kyle asked, “Looks like some type of paperwork. I love to read what’s on it. That is actual evidence of aliens being real. Imagine if the world saw that paperwork with alien writing on it. Everyone would truly believe in aliens then”
Bobby nodded while staying low “That’s so true. It would truly prove aliens exist. Everyone on earth would believe. How could a skeptic question their existence then”
The kids watched as the aliens turned around and started walking back towards their saucer.
Sam watched in shock “I don’t believe this, the aliens look as thought there getting ready to leave” he was so surprised he nearly stood up.
“That’s it?” Timmy asked watching from the bushes, “The aliens are leaving? Are you kidding me? Aliens land on earth and they stick around for less then a minute? What was all that for? They hand a scientist some paperwork and just leave? Don’t the scientists want to talk with the aliens? Get to know them. Find out as much as they can. Not just have a little five second get together and leave”
“That’s where you’re wrong.” Sam whispered, “I have a feeling those scientists have talked with aliens in the passed. They probably have meet up like this countless times, out here in small little towns across the country. Where no one sees what’s happening”
They watch as the aliens walked back up the ramp and into their ship. The lower ramp silently pulled back up and the upper door lowered from above completing a seal, leaving no signs of where the door once was.
The spaceship rose up off the ground, it’s landing gear silently pulled back inside. The ship rose above the tree line, hung in the air defying gravity for a moment and in a blink of an eye the ship shot through the darken sky as though it was never there, traveling faster then the speed of light. The kids were speechless and wide-eyed.
Kyle pointed, “Look out the General and scientists are coming back this way”
The kids almost yelled out in fear. They quickly lowered themselves deeper into the bushes and kept their heads down.
The General, soldiers and scientists walked through the forest back towards their jeeps and came to a stopped a few yards next to the kids.
Sam stayed as low as possible and held his breath. He was sure the General knew they were hiding and was toying with them. Just waiting for the moment when he was going to look them in the eye and pull them back into town.
The General turned to the scientists “Looks like you men got more information to work on. This will help make the world a safer place”
“Yes I truly believe so,” the scientist said in an ecstatic voice looking over the paperwork as though he were holding gold. “There is information here on carbon nanotube”
Sam peaked up and could tell the paperwork in his hands was like nothing he had ever seen before. It looked like paper, but somehow it was different. It was sliver in color, almost like smooth tinfoil that would never crease.
“We must get back to the Inn and look this over” the scientist said starring at the paperwork as the other scientist in the white coat quickly nodded in agreement.
“Well, I’m glad we could help” the General said. He turned to the solider next to him “Why don’t you two men drive these fine scientists back into town, to the front doors of the Inn ”
“Yes sir” the soldiers said at the same time. The two soldiers quickly walked towards their jeeps followed by the two scientists who couldn’t take their eyes off the paperwork. The General and another solider stayed behind.
The two jeeps pulled off into the night headed down the road back towards town. Their red lights on the back of the jeeps faded into the darkness.
The General turned to the solider and whispered. “Saturday after the variety show, the attack will happen”
The kids looked at each other in shock. Bobby almost stood up and yelled out.
“Right sir” the solider said.
“By this time tomorrow it will be all over. There will be nothing left of the town”
“Yes sir”
“Lets head back to the Operation Stand Ground” The General said, “I’m tired of pretending to be nice around the scientists. I can’t imagine why they care so much about aliens who are secretly bent on the destruction of earth”
The kids watched the General and the solider walk towards their jeep.
The General was about to get in when he looked down at footprints in the dirt. He looked back towards their direction.
“He’s sees our footprints.” Timmy whispered, “We’re done for”
“Just stay low,” Sam whispered back.
They watched the General shake his head slightly and got into the passenger side of his jeep.
The other solider started it up and drove off down the road towards the highway.
The kids peaked up and watched the jeep fad off into the darkness.
They quickly stood up looking at each other with terror.
“An attack?” Bobby called out while freaking out “Those aliens are going to attack Springbrook Gardens? Did I hear that right?”
The other nodded as there bodies shook in fear.
Kyle eyes looked lost in space “This can’t be happening. Why attack our town?”
Sam nodded “That’s what it looks like” He thought for a moment “What I don’t understand is, how can the military know about an alien attack and not stop it? They had the aliens in their sights right here. They could’ve taken them out right now”
None of them could explain it. They stood in the dark forest and thought about it while their bodies where in a state of panic.
Bobby quickly turned to Sam “There’s only one way to explain this. The military knows about the attack and will let it happen because there’s something in it for them? I just can’t imagine what it could be”
“How could the military sell out its own people?” Timmy called out while feeling confused “What could the military possibly get in return by standing back and watching aliens destroy our town? They’re suppose to be the good guys, they’re the ones who need to stop the invasion”
Kyle ran his hands through his hair “Maybe there’s a trade off involved? It happens all the time in movies. Maybe the military wants access to alien weapons. It’s the technology they’re after. The military will sit back and watch the alien weapons be used in full effect to see how powerful they are”
“What? That’s crazy” Bobby said.
“It could very well happen,” Kyle said “They’ll let our town be destroyed then collect the weapons from the aliens afterwards to be used in wars around the world. Just like when a company demonstrates a product for its customers. The best way to sell a product is to show it being used. Let the product do the selling. You know how the military is; they’ll do anything to get the upper hand in any war. You can only build a bomb so big, before you can’t build them any bigger. You can only make an airplane fly so fast before it can’t fly any faster. Soon you need to go beyond modern warfare, even if it means alien technology to get the upper hand in weapon technology. After the atomic bomb what else is there to build? That’s why the government has never come forward with telling the world about aliens, they want to keep them a secret so the enemy doesn’t get the technology first.”
Bobby nodded in agreement. “He’s right. Makes sense to me”
“But what do the aliens get out of it?” Timmy asked.
They all stopped and looked at each other, unable to think of anything.
Sam figured it out. “A chance to abduct people without the military getting in the way?”
They all paused for a moment knowing Sam was right, they looked at each other and nodded in agreement.
“Of course,” Kyle snapped his fingers “Think about all the people who have been abducted over the decades. With all those UFO’s flying around why doesn’t the army just shoot them all down? I bet the military have cut a deal with the aliens. You give us your weapons, and we don’t stop you from abducting people. Now the military wants to see the alien weapons in full effect and it’s our town being offered up”
Sam nodded “A nice quiet little town in the middle of nowhere, who would ask any questions. It not like the aliens are attacking a huge city filled with news reporters who will broadcast the invasion live on the radio”
“But what if people in town get away and tell the world what happened? How can they hold everyone back?” Bobby asked looking stressed.
They took a moment to think about it while standing in the dark forest.
“Not unless the military finds a way to stop everyone in town from leaving”. Sam said. “You watch, in a next few hours I bet the military will be telling us a reason why we can’t leave town. They all already lied about the pesticide dusting”
“This is crazy, won’t news reporters start asking questions at some point in time?” Timmy quickly asked, trying to control his fear.
“Not unless the media is in on it” Kyle answered “Controlled by the government” he yelled out “The news is made to look as though it’s independent, but in reality, the government controls it all, telling us nothing but lies.”
“One big conspiracy. How do you like that?” Bobby said.
Kyle continued, “This is why you never hear stories about aliens flying over big cities because they only go after small towns, like ours. The government is selling us out. If aliens attacked big cities there would be no way to cover it up, but if you attack a small town in the middle of nowhere then you can make up any lie you want”
“We need to get back into town and figure out a way of stopping this. We need to warn everyone as quickly as possible,” Timmy said.
The kids’ nodded knowing he was right. They quickly made there way out of the dense forest. Thick tree branches or no branches, nothing was going to slow them down. When they reached Forest Road they only ran faster, and took off towards town, each one in a panic.
After twenty minutes they could feel their legs and lungs burning, but none of them slowed down. This was way to important. They needed to keep moving. They needed to save their town. They had no idea how, but they needed to think of something.
It wasn’t long until they reached the town limit and climbed over the danger sign. They cleared the sign faster then an athlete would’ve. They hadn’t seen any security guards anywhere along the route. They must’ve been given the order to clear off after the saucer took off.
They finally came to a stop next to the grocery store front glass window. Under the sign saying “save on fruits and vegetables this week” They took a moment to catch their breath.
Timmy looked up to the night sky. The full moon came out and lit up the streets and town. The forest now behind them was quiet. He looked away from the moon and could see countless stars. “I would never have noticed those stars before. I would’ve been too busy with video games” he paused and had to collect his thoughts “Now, it’s different. All the years of watching science fiction movies and wondering if aliens where real. Now we know they do exist.”
Sam shook his head “Aliens are ready to attack our town. Why? Why us? Why can’t they come in peace?”
“I’ve always wanted aliens to come in peace.” Bobby said “Sure it looks cool in a movie when they’re evil, but so much is lost and destroyed when they attack. Looks like we’ll have to witness their destruction ourselves”
“What chance do we have at stopping them? Were just kids, this is crazy” Kyle said
“Imagine what we could’ve learn if the aliens were peaceful. You think aliens could live amongst us in peace?” Timmy asked.
“Hard to believe.” Sam answered, “We live in a world were humans can’t get along with each other. How could we live with aliens? We judge each other based on skin color and religion. You throw aliens in the mix then the world would go nuts. You would have some wackos out there saying aliens are evil and they need to go back home. Next thing you know they have their shotguns out saying, get off my planet. Instead of trying to live in peace they will just go to war with them”
The other kids nodded and agreed.
“Who knows?” Sam said “Maybe the aliens tried to live with us peacefully at one time and we treated them badly. Maybe the aliens see us as the threat. Maybe were the ones who can’t be nice. Maybe them destroying us is their way of protecting the planet”
Bobby nodded “Maybe we attacked them at one time, and now there back looking for revenge, that’s what humans would do”
They all paused for a moment to collect their thoughts and somehow tried to relax from there state of panic.
“We need a plan to solve this” Timmy said.
The others nodded; they knew he was right.
“Lets not stand around here, lets tell as many people as we can” Sam called out “The more who know, they more who can help us”
“I like what I’m hearing” Bobby called out.
They took off running up the sidewalk, looking for anyone who they could talk to. The street was dark and quiet. Only the streetlights were on.
They ran passed building after building, for a moment they thought they wouldn’t see anyone until morning. Losing out on countless hours.
Kyle noticed the front door of the Springbrook Gardens Inn opening and pointed it out to the others.
They ran towards it as a group of people came walking out. The kids couldn’t tell right away who was in the group, but at the moment, anyone would do.
The kids stood in front of them stopping them from taking another step.
“We need your help” Timmy yelled out.
The group stopped and looked at the cry wolves’ gang in surprise.
“Dudes, like what happened? Like how can we help you or something? Did someone get hurt?” The man with long black hair and brown leather coat said.
The cry wolves looked up and noticed it was the band members and manager of music group Fly by Night. Each member had long wild hair and wild bright colored clothes. For a brief moment the kids were amazed with who they were talking to, but then quickly remembered why they were there.
Timmy spoke out of breath “You need to help us in warning everyone in town about the aliens in the forest who are planning an attack on this town. We need everyone to get to safety.”
The band members looked at each other puzzled then back to the kids.
The lead singer laughed a bit “Woah, kids what are you talking about? I thought we were the crazy ones. Like tell me, what do you mean aliens?”
Bobby answered in a panic, “There are aliens who are going to attack the town, we need to warn everyone in town. We saw a sliver saucer land out in the forest, and the General was there with scientists. They met with the aliens and we over heard the General say the aliens will attack. It’s pretty straight forward, so what we need to so now is get adults to help us warn everyone in town. Hopefully we can find a way to stop the attack or at least get everyone in town to safety”
The lead singer nodded “Dude, that story sounds so cool, it sounds like a song idea. I could work that into some cool lyrics” The other band members nodded and agreed as the drummer started making drumming noises and nodded his head.
The lead guitar player turned to the lead singer “Yeah dude. We could so, like make that happen or something. It could be like a number one hit for us”
The cry wolves’ gang looked at each other as they were caught off guard by how the band was reacting. They weren’t expecting the response. They thought the band would start helping right away.
Before the kids could say another word a woman in a dark business suit stepped forward “I’m the band manager while there in town” she tuned to the band “Don’t bother with these little kids, I’ve heard about them. There known around town as the cry wolves’ gang, there famous for running around town making up silly stories and trying to fool people into believing there real”.
“Oh cool dude,” the bass player said, “I love made up stories of aliens, I think,” he paused for a moment “Or I do like stories about ghosts …umm…not sure” he stared into the night sky.
Timmy felt shocked “No this is real, were not making this up. There really are aliens in the forest who will attack the town tomorrow. We just came from there, we saw the aliens walked down a ramp from the saucer”
“Cool, aliens…rock on” The lead singer said as he acted like he was playing a guitar.
The lady stepped by the kids “We don’t have time for this. We need to head off and get to the next city. We have another show to put on”
Kyle spoke up “You can go out onto Forest Road, the General will stop you, we saw guards on the road while we ran through the forest. They might still be there. If they see you driving down the road they might take you away. You might even be chased by the men in black”
“Dude” the drummer said “That’s like cool or something. I love what I’m hearing”
The business manager shook her head in frustration “Like I said, the band needs to move on” she took out her phone and made the call for the limo to pull up to the front of the Inn. “We don’t have time for made up stories about aliens. Everyone knows there are no aliens and you kids can’t seem to stop making up stories”
The band members nodded then looked up to the stars and pointed to the cool looking stars; but then again they weren’t to sure where they were or what was happening. It was usual for them while on tour.
“But I want to see the cool aliens” the bass player said as the others nodded.
She shook her head in frustration “We don’t have time for this silliness. Theses kids are just out for autographs to sell on the Internet. Or worse they have something weird waiting for you out in the forest and they’ll record it and post it online for a laugh. We can’t have kids ruining your image for a few laugh.”
A long black limo pulled up along side the sidewalk.
She turned to the band members “Now get into the limo,” She said as she snapped her fingers.
The band members quickly moved as fast as possible and got inside.
“Sorry dudes we have to head out or something. Need to rock on somewhere else” the lead singer said from the window, he wasn’t to sure where he was. He looked up to the sky “Are we like, in outer space right now, or something?”
The manager looked back to the kids “You kids have a weird way of trying to get autographs. We don’t have time to waste. We need to leave now. No one is going to believe your silly stories ” She got into the limo and the kids watched it drive off into the darkness.
Timmy turned to Sam in the silence. “Well, that was a waste of time”
“We can’t give up though,” Sam said “We need to tell everyone, even if we have to knock on every door throughout the night, we will, no way can we let the aliens attack and the military just sit back. We need to save our town”
Bobby pointed across the street to the flower shop “Look there’s Norris.” He called out “He’ll believe us” the kids ran up to him as he was locking up the front door of his shop.
Fifty-year-old Norris turned around at the last second and jumped when he saw the kids running towards him “Oh, its you kids. For a moment I was nervous of who was running at me in the dark. How can I help you? Mind you the store is closed and it is late, you kids should be at home, resting like all kids should be”
Kyle started speaking as fast as he could “Norris we have to warn you, there are aliens who are going to attack this town. We saw them in the forest just now. We over heard the General saying the aliens want to attack us”
He laughed, shook his head and went back to locking up the store “When will you kids stop making up stories. This really has to stop. It’s too late in the night to be hearing such silliness. I don’t have time for you”
The kids looked at each other in surprise.
“Were not making this up,” Kyle said, “This is real. I know we made up stories in the past but this time we’re telling the truth. This really happened. Anytime aliens will attack”
Norris looked up into the night sky for a second “I don’t see any of the aliens your speaking of, could it be they’re not up there because they don’t exist at all. You kids are always making up stories; I remember you came running into my store one day telling me there were giant lizards running around town. Then a few weeks later you tried telling me a great flood was on its way and everyone in town had to help build a large boat. Well I’m not listening to your stories anymore, especially tonight; I’m too tired to be wasting my time with silly stories. I will need to call your parents and have them send you guys to the hospital. This is not good, there something wrong with you young kids, the way you run around town making up silly stories. Something isn’t right with you ”
Sam backed away “Oh were just kidding. Just practicing for the show tomorrow. We won’t bother you anymore” He stated to walk away.
The other boys quickly looked at Sam and then each other confused as they followed behind.
Half a block further down Timmy walked next to Sam “What are you dong? Why did you tell him we were joking around? We need people to help us. The more adults who know the better”
Sam shook his head. “You saw the way he was looking at us. There was no way he was going to believe a word we said, he was talking about having us taken away to a hospital. He thinks were crazy. We can’t risk that. We need to come up with a better plan. We can spend every second from now until tomorrow telling everyone in town about the aliens and no one will believe a word. We could be locked up for disturbing the peace, then who’ll stop the invasion ”
Timmy and the others knew he was right; they couldn’t risk being taken away either from a doctor or policeman. They needed a better plan.
They kept walking along the dark quiet sidewalk, each one lost in his own thoughts, trying to come up a great plan to save everyone.
Timmy had a million thoughts in his head. He couldn’t understand it, someone in town had to believe them. How difficult was it to believe a story about aliens attacking a small town?
They passed by the intersection of Simcoe Street. As Charles King walked passed by them and looked back.
“You kids looked bothered by something. Is everything all right?” he asked.
Sam didn’t know what to say, Should he tell him the truth about the aliens? What if he laughs at them? What if he thinks there crazy and wants to tell the police? There was no way he would believe their story, who would? Its not the type of thing you tell someone right away. Then again he did work for the paper. Maybe there was a way he could get the message out. Before Sam could decide what to do Bobby spoke up.
“Something weird is in the forest” he said in a panic “This town is in danger”
Charles looked at them confused. He was clearly shocked by what he heard “Town in danger what do you mean?”
Sam panicked for a moment. What if Bobby tells him everything and instead of helping them warn the town, Charles just calls the police telling them kids are out late rambling on about strange stories involving aliens. He decided to step in “Oh, nothing we can’t handle” He quickly said without realizing he was speaking. “What Bobby meant was, he thought the pesticides from the forest were going to make their way into town, that’s all. But we told him he had nothing to worry about”
“That’s all it is? Because you boys look more stressed then that?” Charles asked sounding concern, as he looked at them “You don’t have to worry about the pesticides reaching here. They dusted deep in the forest. It would take a ton of the dust to fall on the town to hurt anyone”
“That’s all it is” Sam said with an innocent smile. He tired to talk quicker “Its good to hear about the pesticides not reaching here. Sounds like we all be safe. You know how Bobby is, always worrying about something.” he paused and smiled a little, making it seem everything was all right “We need to head off now anyways. It’s late and we need to be ready for the variety show tomorrow.”
“Oh yes the variety show tomorrow, can’t wait for that.” Charles said, “I’ll be sure to take great pictures of the show”
“Great to hear” Sam said, “We’ll be headed off now. Time to get some rest. Isn’t that right guys, need to get some rest?” he turned to the others.
The other boys looked at him and smiled and nodded, they didn’t know what else to do.
“Ok, well have a good night kids” Charles said as the kids quickly started walking away.
As they moved further away from Forest Road something within the dark forest watched the kids walk away.
A few blocks up Main Street a black car drove towards them. The driver turned down a side failing to see the kids. The kids failed to notice the car as well.

Half a block later Kyle turned to Sam as they walked along “We could’ve told Charles. He works for the paper, maybe he could’ve used his connections to help us out.”
Sam nodded “I know what you mean, but what do we say to him? We can’t just tell him about aliens. You saw how Norris reacted. Do you really think adults are going to believe a bunch of kids talking about an alien invasion? We need a better plain on how to warn everyone. He might’ve called a doctor and had us locked up for sounding crazy.”
Kyle agreed, he knew Sam was right. What could they say that would convince adults of the truth?
They turned down a residential street and walked a few more blocks passing under large trees and Victorian houses, some of them still having the living room lights on. The kids were all lost in thought.
“We can’t just live with this in our heads. Who can we tell about this? Bobby asked, sounding nervous. “We need adults with guns to take over and solve this problem. Where just kids”
The boys looked at each other and slowly agreed by nodding as they walked along under the quiet night sky.
Sam spoke up “What we need to do now is, head home and try to act as though everything is cool. Are parents might be out looking for us. Don’t give them any reason to think anything is wrong. We can’t have them panic. I know it’s hard, knowing that our town and everyone we care about are in danger, but if we act strange they will question us. If we tell them what we know they will think were crazy and we’ll be locked up. Then no one will save Springbrook Gardens. We will come up with some type of plan”
They quietly nodded and made their way back to their houses with a million thoughts running through each of their minds. None of them were in a joking mode anymore. Stress was running through each of their veins. Each boy felt faint from the fear and anxiety.

They made there way down the sidewalk lost in the own thoughts. A minute later they passed by the front of Sandy’s large Victorian house.
“Hey boys how are you tonight?”
They heard a female voice coming from the top window on the right hand side of the Victorian house. They each looked up and noticed Sandy waving from her bedroom window.
“We’re having a sleep over” she called out. “We saw you walking by and wanting to say hi,” she said with a smile as a few more girls came to the window and waved.
Bobby only had one thought run through his mind. Of all the nights to run into a group of girls, didn’t anyone sleep in this town? He looked up to the window. “Oh, hi girls.” As of this moment he was lucky if he could remember his own name much less know what to say to a group of girls having a sleep over. This should be a dream come true for him, but right now all he could think about was what the town would look like after the aliens finished destroying it.
“Hey girls” Timmy called back, trying to act as though nothing was wrong. Somehow the stress of the alien attack was cancelling out the stress of talking to any girls. Who knew the one thing to make him less nervous around girls was the fear of having aliens attack. “Hope your night is going well” it was the best he could think if.
“You guys look a little stress” Jane called from the window.
Sam could only laugh inside. If only she knew the truth. Of course there was no way of telling her. It was bad enough they were laughed at school for putting on shows for seniors, but the last thing he needed was to be laughed at for telling her about aliens, of course every word would be the truth, but how would he convince her of it. He figured the best thing to do was lie, the less she knew the better. Telling her the truth would only cause her to panic. Nothing good would ever come of it, besides she would either laugh or just stare at him if he told her. “Oh, were not stressed, just getting ready for the show tomorrow. Have to make sure we’re ready”
“You guys practice to much” Jane called out “You need to find something else to take your mind off the show”
Oh they found something all right, Timmy thought. The funniest thing came to his mind. In the last few hours he hadn’t thought of the variety show at all. Finding out your town was about to be destroyed has a funny way of putting everything else on the back burner. “Well, we’re done practicing now, we need to head home to get some sleep” he said with a fake smile, hoping she would fall for it.
“Of course, its late” Sandy called out. “Have a good night”
“See you at the variety show tomorrow” She called out and closed the window.
Great the boys all thought at once, even Sandy and Jane will be at the show. Just knowing they will be there makes them more stressed.
The boys waved and continued to walk forward, there minds a million miles away.
How were they going to save everyone in the town they grew up in?

Timmy approached the side door of his house. He could feel his head spinning inside. He didn’t know if he was just tired or stressed from everything that happen throughout the day. He felt over tired. He didn’t know if he should tell his parents about what he knew or hold it in. He knew his parents were in danger but what could he say to make them believe. What parent in their right mind would believe a kid if they were told their life was in danger from an alien attack? There’s no way to break such news to anyone much less your parents.
He walked into the living room and stood by the door. His parents were still awake; he thought they would be in bed by now. They were sitting close to the radio, looking very concerned.
A male voice cracked from the speakers “The towns people of Springbrook Gardens are being told not to drive down Forest Road towards the highway until Sunday morning. The military is politely asking everyone to avoid the highway. There’re has been a train accident along side the highway close to the exit of Forest Road. Not a serious accident, a train has jumped the tracks. As a precaution they are asking everyone to avoid the road. Nothing to be concerned over it’s just a simple, safety precaution. There are no health risks from the derailment. There is no need to worry. It will be cleared up in less then a day, it’s just a simple precaution”
Timmy’s blood shot cold. He took a step back in fear and bumped into the doorframe. It was all happening. The military was closing off the town. Stopping everyone from getting out.
“Well how do you like that?” his dad said as he leaned back in his chair with his pipe in hand. He unfolded the newspaper and went back to reading. “I’m glad the military is visiting our town this weekend. They’re helping out with the clean up, how nice of them. They will help put the train back onto the tracks. That’s why I always liked the military. It’s a good thing we don’t have to leave town tonight. Just gives us more time to spend as a family. Isn’t the right dear?”
Timmy’s mom nodded. “Yes dear we can have family time, tomorrow we’ll go to the concert and watch all the performances, no need to leave town. I don’t think anyone has to leave town tonight anyway, everyone will be at the show. Of all the nights for the accident to happen this was the best one. Everyone will be in one location at one time, isn’t that right Timmy?”
Timmy didn’t know what to say. He just looked back at her with a fake smile. “Right mom” How was he to act knowing his family and everyone else was being set up by the military to be handed over to aliens. A fake story over the radio and he was the only in the house who knew the truth.
He slowly left the room and made his way to the front door with his head spinning. He opened it and stepped out as quietly as possible.
He crossed the front lawn. He made his way over to Kyle’s house. He saw Kyle sneaking out of his house with the same look of shock and disbelief. They both met up at the top of Kyle’s front driveway.
“Guess you heard the same reports on the radio” Timmy said.
Kyle nodded “I sure did. Can’t believe everyone in my house just bought the story hook line and sinker. How could they not question it? A story about a train derailment, don’t these towns’ people know there about to be attacked by aliens?”
Without saying a word they both made there way over to Bobby’s backyard. They knew it would be a matter of moments before Sam and Bobby came running out of their houses for an emergency meeting. This time phones calls would not be needed.
This was just instinctive.
Bobby stood in his living room and heard the report and started freaking out. He had to tell someone. He ran into the dining room and up to his mother “Mom the aliens are going to attack”
She was busy talking on the phone with her sister about the town’s latest gossip. She glanced over to Bobby “That’s nice dear, good to hear about your comic books”
“No mom really, while everyone is at the concert the aliens will attack our town. They’re planning on demonstrating the power of their weapons for the military. The military are planning to just sit back and let it happen. We saw a meeting between the army and the aliens out in the forest. We saw a UFO land and aliens walk out, they had really big black oval eyes”
She nodded again to him “That’s nice dear, go back to your video games, mommy has some friends to talk to” she moved from the dinning room to the living room while talking on her phone.
Bobby threw his hands in the air in frustration and gave up. He stormed to his bedroom. He stared at the poster on his wall of aliens and zombies from his favorite movies. They weren’t looking so cool now. He looked out his back window and noticed Timmy and Kyle. He knew they heard the shocking news as well. He made his way down the stairs and out the back door. Without saying a word he made his way over to Timmy and Kyle. They look at each other and knew what the others were thinking. The three of them where in over their heads and had to get an adult to help, but who would believe them?

Sam race up the stairs and quickly made his way to his room. He had no time to waste. Within a second of being in the room he turned on his computer and sat down. No matter how fast the computer loaded it wasn’t fast enough. He kept the bedroom light off. He didn’t have time to talk to his parents. His face was lit up from the bright computer monitor. His foot raced on the floor as he typed “aliens” into the search engine on the Internet. He needed to learn as much as he could. The more he knew, the better prepared he would be for the battle. His mind raced with all the different movies he had seen where aliens attacked earth. Some arrived in giant ships over major cities hidden behind fake clouds and started shooting right away, were as others arrived disguised as humans in order to work there way into high levels of office. Which one would it be for earth now? How could he stop them? What was their weakness?
Maybe they’ve been here before? Maybe hundreds of years ago they attacked earth and mankind was able to fight them off.
How on earth was a small town supposes to fight off an alien attack? Especially when everyone in the town doesn’t even know.
He came across a story of a couple abducted by aliens decades ago, while driving along a dark highway. The wife noticed a strange bright light in the sky. It was too low to be a star. They followed the light until it appeared as though the bright light had noticed them and moved above their car. The couple became nervous and wanted to leave. They took off down the road, but the light stayed with them. They stopped the car and got out and looked up at the light. It clearly was a large silver oval shaped object. The husband used his binoculars and could see “small people” moving inside the saucer through its windows. He said they where short, thin, with heads slightly bigger then a human. There was a flash of white light and they found themselves onboard the ship. They had no memory of how they got there. The wife at one point talked to one of the aliens, asked where it was from. She saw a star map appear in front of her, a hologram of the solar system. It looked as though the aliens were within our galaxy. When the couple awoke in their car they had lost five hours, yet they had no memory of what had happened. It wasn’t until they went through hypnotherapy did the full story come to life. Countless skeptics have said their story and the description of what the alien looked like have been influenced by movies, but the odd thing pointed out to the skeptics were the movies came after their story became public. How could they have been influenced by movies that were made after their abduction? In-fact movies about aliens abduction where based on the description given by the couple.
Sam read another report of a pilot decades ago while flying spotted a string of nine unusual objects flying in the sky. He described it as flat, like a pie pan, saucer like. Hench the name we use today “flying saucer”. He used the term unidentified flying objects. He claimed they traveled over a thousand miles per hour. Making it faster then supersonic, something man could not have achieved at that time. Skeptics wrote it off as a fireball bolide breaking up.
Within a few weeks reports started coming in from all over the world, from the smallest of towns to the largest of cities, yet, society refuses to believe.
He wanted to know about the General. Who was this guy? Where did he come from? He typed in the General’s name in the search engine and to his surprise it came back blank, saying nothing found. Well, that’s odd. How could nothing be found on the guy? He’s right there in his town.
He typed in Operation Stand Ground. Not surprisingly nothing came up right away linked with aliens or the General. He looked over all the web pages, there were some about operations preformed by doctors in hospitals. Others sites about how to stand tall and proud, but nothing about the General and Operation Stand Ground. After a few minutes he was about to turn off his computer when he noticed a small, obscure website on page fifteen. It simply read. “The truth about aliens” He clicked on it expecting to see countless stories about aliens and abductions, some serious some absurd. However, what he found was bizarre to say the least. It only contained a link to one video. Most pages have music or graphics to hook you in, maybe a few images of aliens. This site had nothing, just one link in blue writing on a black screen. Sam clicked in it. A video starting playing showing a news reporter during a live broadcast. She was standing outside on a sunny day by a roadside doing a report on traffic safety update. At first Sam couldn’t tell what this had to do with aliens. He was about to click the back button when suddenly a crazy old man walked up behind her. The deranged man caught the reporter off guard who stood back as the man started rambling away into the microphone about how he was a prisoner a secret base out in the desert. How the secret base had things the world never knew about but one day would. He rambled on about being in a locked cell when a flash of light occurred and he found himself in the city wondering around.
Sam knew the man; it was the crazy man who grabbed him the other day. What on earth was he doing on a live broadcast talking about a base in the desert? The crazy old man looked back into the camera and said Sam’s name. Sam nearly fell out of his seat when he heard it. The crazy man looked into the camera and told Sam to look for him in the shadows. At that moment the live feed was cut off and it went back to the anchorman in the studio who apologized for the odd interruption.
Sam played the video back and paused the video on the medium close up of the crazy man. There was no mistaking it. The name on the shirt read John Smith.

Outside Sam’s house a black car slowly drove down the street pointing the laser at each house. The car came to a stop when it reached Sam’s house. On the passenger’s laptop screen the webpage Sam was looking at about John Smith came up.
The passenger picked up his phone and made a call.

Solider 26 walked into the tent and looked at the General “Sir, I just got an important call. It looks as though one of the kids we’ve been watching is in his room right now looking up information on John Smith on the Internet”
The General leaned back at his desk in the dark. “So, they do know. There’s no way on earth they would be looking up John Smith by chance.” He looked up to solider 26. “Have them picked up. Bring them to the holding cell. We can’t take any chances. We’re to close”

Sam quietly made his way out of his house and walked over to Bobby’s backyard. It didn’t surprise to find the three others waiting. Based on the look of despair on their faces he knew they heard the bad news already. Why was it no one else in town questioned the story of the derailment? How could they all just accept it?
“What happened?” Bobby said, “Have you heard anything?”
Sam paced back and forth “You guys are not going to believe this” Sam said, “The old crazy guy who grabbed me and Bobby turns out he isn’t as crazy as we first thought”
The other kids looked at each confused.
“I was doing some research on the internet. I saw a video of the guy talking about a secret location out in the desert. He didn’t say too much, but he knows more then he’s letting on. He might’ve even seen the alien itself”
The kids quickly looked at each other in shock.
“What? No way.” Bobby called out “You mean someone else has seen the same aliens we have? And there’s a secret base in the desert? There more to this then we ever could’ve imagined”
Timmy nodded “If he’s still in town we need to talk to him. He might be able to help us, maybe he could help save our town”
“Finally an adult we can talk to. We sure do need to talk to him.” Kyle added “But how do we find him? He could be anywhere in this town. We could be looking for him all night. We don’t have time”
Sam shook his head “We don’t need to look for him. We could’ve talked to him anytime we wanted to”
The kids looked to Sam confused.
“What are you talking about?” Bobby asked.
Sam didn’t say anything he just turned and walked halfway through the backyard towards the forest and stop “Are you there John Smith?”
The other three boys looked at each other even more confused, then back to the dark forest.
They watched as something moved inside the dark forest. It was hard to make out what it was right away. The bushes started to move and out walked a figure. They couldn’t tell who it was right away in the low light.
As the figure got closer Bobby saw the face and his eyes lit up “No way. We got to get out of here. It’s the creepy guy who grabbed me”
“Wait” Sam called out “He’s here to help us”
Bobby stopped and looked back at him.
The old man stood before them, as the kids didn’t know what to say.
“John smith?” Sam asked
“Yes I am” the man said calmly. His eyes relaxed. He was no longer fidgeting.
“Why are you not acting crazy?” Bobby looked confused.
“I now know this is were I’m meant to be.” John said, “For so long I wondered the earth, not knowing who I was meant to talk to, but within the last few days my thoughts have become clear. I now have an understanding of my mission in life. Everyone has a mission. Most people will never know what there calling is because they fail to look within. People don’t know about their calling because they are distracted by false illusions, pulled away from the truth. They’re walking the false path, like I have for so long. For many years I search the earth looking for gold. Thinking it was the source of happiness. I believed if I found money I could buy everything I very wanted and it would bring true happiness. I couldn’t have been more wrong. It doesn’t matter where you look or how long, if your goal is the wrong path you will never find truth in it. I was shown the way. Shown the right fold path. I gave myself over to the higher power and they showed me the true meaning of my existence. I saw how the world could be right. I saw the world as one. A place with no countries, were we did not have to go to war. Were we shared everything with our common man. No reasons in the heart to kill or be angry, but live in a world were we felt compassion for all things. I might very well be a wishful thinker, but it might happen and we can share the world. A chance to let go of religions and possessions of illusions. No more fighting over greed. We don’t know what religion is correct, but we can learn from all of them to become better people. If someone were to ask me, what religion are you, I would say all of them. Hopefully I’m not the only human on this planet who feels this way, hopefully others feel the same and they can unite to help make the world a better place. I don’t know if the thoughts in my head are a goal for mankind to move towards or the future that will happen. Maybe I was meant to tell people of this dream so we could move towards it. The aliens have been around for a long time. I wandered into the desert because of a lost map saying there was something hidden out there. I thought it was gold, but the riches turned out to be knowledge. I found myself in a secret base. I have no idea how but I found myself inside. I know of the General and the truth of why they’re in town. I know how it will all turn out”
“This is amazing to hear” Timmy whispered as the others nodded.
Bobby looked towards his house, hoping his parents didn’t look out the window and see all of them “We better move from the backyard or our parents will see us,” he said.
“Good point” Timmy said “Let’s head over to the parking lot for better lighting, instead of being in the darkness”
The others nodded and they slowly peaked in the house back window, making sure no one inside could see them. They quietly snuck out of the backyard and moved down a few blocks towards the lit parking lot of the dog park. They stood under the bright lights. The park behind them was covered in darkness.
Timmy wanted to know why the aliens wanted to attack innocent people in his town, why where the aliens evil? He turned to John Smith “Was it you I saw in my backyard during the night from my window?”
John smith nodded. “I had to watch over you kids. There’s more going on here then you could imagine. Each of you have been called upon for something greater” He turned to Sam “I didn’t mean to scare any of you when I grabbed you. I just needed to get the message out before it was to late. I figured if I knew about you they would as well”
“They?” Sam asked.
“The aliens. May years ago I looked into the eyes of the aliens. I’ve seen the future. There’s something you need to know, something very important. The war is coming. A war that will change everything, the world will not be the same. You must know the truth. When the time is right you will have to leave this world to find the answers, you will know what to do when it is in front of you. Do not run from it, but run to it. They have been watching for so long. What you think about life being correct is not. Let me tell you the truth about aliens and what the future holds for everyone…”
The kids all held there breathe staring at John Smith.
“The truth is…”
Before he could speak another word. A car’s high beams shot on from across the parking lot lighting up the kids and the park behind them.
The kids jumped in fear as they all turned and looked at the same time at the source.
Multiple black cars with tinted windows came storming into the parking lot towards them.
“It’s them, the men in black. Run.” Bobby yelled out.
The kids took off towards the exit of the parking lot in shock, staying close together. The black cars where halfway in the parking lot and turned around towards the exit without slowing down causing there tire to skid in a half circle, echoing throughout the parking lot. The cars quickly closed in on the kids, as the headlights looked like bulls eyes bearing down on innocent victims.
The kids reached the exit and ran up the middle of the street. The cars spend up, closing in on them at incredible speed.
Sam looked over his shoulder and could see the black cars moving in. They were just a few feet behind.
John Smith yelled out to the kids “We need to break up, it’s me they want. You kids are more important for the mission”
The kids reached an intersection and John Smith took off to his right down the road into the darkness as a black car turned to follow.
The kids turned to there left and kept running as a few cars followed them.
Sam looked over to the others and yelled out “Whatever happens, met up at hole in the tree,” He hoped everyone heard him. Too much was happening, he knew everyone was freaking out. The black cars with the mystery drivers were closing in on all of them. He noticed Timmy and Kyle where behind him still running with him as one of the black cars turned to follow. He knew another car had turned to chase after John Smith, but where was Bobby? He was nowhere to be seen.

Bobby ran down the dark the road knowing he was alone. Some how he got separated from the group. He thought Timmy was next to him, but he now found himself alone on a darken street with a black car right behind him. He thought he saw Sam take a quick right towards Charter Street, maybe. He was too far away now to turn around and go back. If he slowed down for a second the car behind him would catch up. He ran along moving closer to the intersection of Clover Street. He had been on the street many times growing up and knew it had a narrow alleyway behind the stores. Maybe he could escape down it and loss the car. He didn’t have to look over his shoulder to know the black car was getting closer as he approached Clover Street. Just as the black car had closed into a few feet at the last moment he cut to his right and made his way down the dark alleyway. The black car completely missed the turn and had to stop suddenly and the driver put it into reverse.
He felt good knowing his last second cut into the alleyway caught the diver off guard. It gave him the few extra seconds to take advantage of the darkness and hide. He moved in and around the garbage and recycling bins. He knew the black car would have a difficult time moving around them, slowing the car down even more. In action movies cars would just smash through them, but in real life it would damage the front of the car causing it to stop. He glanced over his shoulder as and could see the car half a block behind him. His trick was working. Now he just had to figure out a way of getting away from the car for good. He ran from one block to the next hoping each time he finished a block he would see a police car driving by and he could wave it down. As he entered a new block’s alleyway he knew it would only be a matter of time before the black car caught up to him. He figured he had enough time to hid behind one of the large recycling bin he was moving towards. It was a gamble, keep running or hide and hope the car drives past him. It was now or never. He quickly ducked behind the large gray bin to his right and kept low and quiet as the black car approached. He could tell by the sound the car was slowing down. The driver must’ve known he was hiding somewhere, but didn’t know where. He could hear the car slowly approaching, getting closer with each passing second. He moved back against the brick wall hoping the darkness would conceal him. He noticed the passenger holding a bright light that shined into the shadows lighting everything up like daylight. Bobby knew he couldn’t let himself be seen; there would be nowhere to run, the black car was blocking his only exit. As the car got closer it began to slow down even more. Did the driver know where he was? Maybe they saw him hide? Should he make a run for it right now? Bobby could see the bright light pass over his head by a few inches, he was sure the driver could hear his heart beating, it was so loud. He held his breath. Who knows were he would’ve been taken if he was caught, these guys looked weird. The car slowly went by as the passenger pointed the light further up the alleyway. He decided to stay hiding for a few more minutes. He didn’t want to get up and have the driver see him in the mirror. He watched as the car went to the next alleyway. He felt better knowing they missed him, but would they be back?

Kyle ran down a side street passing by houses. For a moment he thought about running up the driveway to one of the houses calling for help, but the driver might’ve caught up to him if he tried. There was no guarantee the homeowner would get to their door in time. He kept running along the sidewalk. Sam and Timmy were with him a minute ago, but in all the confusion they had gone different ways.
He didn’t like being chased like this, he wanted to stand his ground, but he had no idea what kind of weapons they might be packing. He reached Clarkson Street and ran alongside the sidewalk. Passing by businesses with bright neon signs above displaying store names. During the day the street was filled with cars and shoppers on the sidewalk coming and going from stores, tonight it was quiet. Maybe he would see someone walking by who could call the police for him. It was a long shot, seeing as how the whole town was asleep by ten. He figured he could make it across the street and run down Leman Street towards his school. He knew of a secret way in after closing. The back window to the gym could be pulled up. It was a secret very few adults in town knew about. Again, another long shot, but that’s all he had to go on. Making his way into his school wasn’t the happiest idea, the less he saw of the building the better, but this was an exception. Hopefully he could make it inside before getting caught. He knew he had to cross the street to get there, but how far back was the black car? He came upon Leman Street. It was now or never. If he waited a second longer he would miss the street. He darted off the sidewalk and ran across the street. He looked to his left and to his horror noticed the black car was a lot closer then he thought. He knew there was no way to avoid being hit. He thought he had more room, but he was wrong. The car’s headlights came right at him in seconds. The driver tried to move to the right to avoid hitting him, but he was too close. He knew this was the end, he would never see his parents again. His body froze like a deer on a highway, not knowing what to do. His last moments would be on the road being hit by a mysterious black car. No one would see it happen; no one would be looking for a mysterious black car. Why would they? He knew the driver wasn’t out to hit him; he was the one who ran out in front of a moving car. Everything in his life let up to this moment, and now it would be all over. Before he knew what as happening it felt as though a hand was pushing him across the street. He even looked behind him to see the hand itself. What on earth was moving him? His feet weren’t moving, but somehow is body was. The only thing he saw for a brief moment was a quick flash of light from above. A second later he looked around and found himself standing on the sidewalk on the other side of Clarkson Road. He was in shock. How did it happen? How did he survive? None of this made sense; the car should’ve hit him. It was too close to have gone around him. Did some higher power intervene? Did he run across and not know it? Just like what happened to Timmy while he was in the city. He was pushed as well across the street by some magical intervention, saving him from death as a car approached. Was it the same thing? Was something beyond them watching out for the members of the cry wolves gang? So many questions, however he had no time to waste. His questions would have to be answered later. It wouldn’t take the men in black long before they got out of the car and chased after him. He took off running down the sidewalk and hid behind a large oak tree in the park. Hoping the cover of darkness would shield him from the mysterious men. He would make sure the coast was clear before running down Leman Street to the school. He waited a moment and slowly poked his head out from behind the tree. He didn’t want to move to quickly incase the men in black where standing a few feet away and would see his movements. However to his surprise they we’re nowhere to be seen. Kyle looked around in disbelief. What happened to them? They were right behind him a few seconds ago, now it’s as if they were never there to start with. He couldn’t see the men or the car as he looked around the street. There’s no way they could’ve driven off that fast. Being the only car on the road he would’ve seen the red lights from the back of the car fading into the darkness. One thought did go through his mind. An impossible thought, did the flash of light take them away as well as save him? Now this was getting really weird. It’s one thing to have a flash of light from above save him, but to take a car away? Clearly something he couldn’t understand was going on. The military in town, aliens in the sky wanting to attack earth and on top of all that, men in black chasing him in the night. Not to mention the weird old man names John Smith wondering into town. He knew the cry wolves’ gang were in over their heads. This wasn’t a game they were playing like kids in a schoolyard. This was for keeps.
The one time he needed adults to believe his story. He just witnessed a car disappearing and he couldn’t believe his own eyes. What chance would he have at getting strangers to believe? He decided he would stay hidden in the shadows for a little longer, just incase. He might’ve been wrong about the car disappearing. Who knows it might just be going around the block. The longer he stood on the sidewalk the more of a chance at being caught.
If he did see a car coming after him he’d take off running towards the school. If enough time went by and he didn’t see the men in black he’d take off running to hole in the tree. Sam called it out while they were running, it was the last thing he heard from any of them before separating. Hopefully the others would be there as well. He had no way of knowing if the others were caught.
He had no idea how many black cars where out looking for them and where they all came from. He was sure they came with the military and they were after the cry wolves’ gang because the General somehow found out they were in the forest. Maybe the soldiers patrolling the road saw them. So many questions and no answers, and time was running out.

Sam ran towards Charter Street He had no idea how close the black car was or if any of his friends had been caught. How did they get into something so messed up? A few days ago they were living like normal kids in any small town. Now they just found out aliens do exist and his town was a few hours away from being attacked. Talk about not having a normal week. He moved down an alleyway hoping the darkness would save him.
He wanted to avoid running down the middle of the street. That would’ve made it way to easy for the mysterious men to catch him. He knew the owner of the café that was located halfway down the block. Roy sometimes forgot to lock the back door of his place. He could remember everything under the sun, but always forgot to lock the back door at closing time. It wasn’t a problem seeing as how everyone in town was in bed by ten o’clock. Roy could’ve left the front and back door open all-night and still, no one would go inside. Sam looked over his shoulder making sure he wasn’t being watched. He moved towards the back door and slowly pushed on it. Sure enough, the door opened. Good old Roy.
He made his way inside the dark building and worked his way to the front window of the café passing by the chairs and tables, making sure not to bump into anything. While staying low he looked out the front window towards the empty, dark street. It was quiet inside the building. Only the streetlights above lit up the area. He knew the black cars had to be out there somewhere, but were? He waited for a while and couldn’t see anything moving. Not only could he not see the black cars, but he couldn’t see his friends or John Smith. Had they all been caught? Maybe he was the last one still free. He wanted to go check, but what if they caught him? He might be the only one still free who can save everyone. Wouldn’t do the town any good to have everyone caught. He knew the best thing to do was to get up on a rooftop and peak out over the streets, get a birds eye view of what was happening. Hopefully see his friends and know they’re all right. The only way of getting on top of the café was to go back outside and climb the fire escape ladder in the back alleyway. Wasn’t the best idea he ever had, but in a time like this, crazy ideas might just work. He felt safe hiding inside the store in the darkness, but it wasn’t helping his friends out by staying inside.
He moved away from the window and back towards the door of the store and slowly opened it and peaked outside making sure no one was watching. The coast was clear. Somehow that made him more nervous. He would’ve like to have an idea were the men in black where. At least it would’ve stopped them having the jump on him from the shadows. He reached up for the steel ladder to his left and climbed up. He made sure to move slowly so his feet wouldn’t echo off the metal bars of the ladder, just incase the mystery men were a few feet away looking for him and heard it. He made his way to the top of the one story building and walked across towards the front while staying low. When he reached the front he lowered down flat and peaked out over the street and watched for any movement of cars. The streets were quiet. He spend a while looking up and down the street. Ten minutes later he noticed a black car slowly turning onto the street. He lowered down even further and backed away from the edge and slowly peaked out over the ledge and watched as the black car slowly drove by. The passenger shined a light into all the store buildings checking for anyone hiding inside.
He felt safe on the rooftop. He watched the car made its way further down the street. He wondered how he was going to meet up with the others. Hopefully they all made it safely to hole in the tree. How was he going to get there with the car driving around?

Timmy ran as fast as he could across the grass through the park. He figured he could make it into the forest he could loose them in there. The black car stayed on the street a few yards back. He knew they couldn’t come into the park with their car. Maybe he had given them the slip once and for all? He looked over his shoulder for a second and noticed the car door’s opening and the two men getting out to chase him on foot. Well, so much for giving them the slip. He headed towards the park’s large playground. A place he played many times as a child. Maybe he could loose them in there. The men ran across the grass getting closer with each step.
It was no use. They saw him run towards it. He was hoping they didn’t see him and he could hide in the slide. He now had to come up with a better plan.
He had only one choice. He needed to head into the forest. It was risking running through at night, anything could happen in there. He would have to worry more about the trees branches and rocks then the men in black.
As he moved in the direction of the forest which was only a few feet in front he looked over his shoulder and could see the men in black not to far behind.
He ran faster making a straight line towards the forest. He had to move quickly, as the two men where right behind him gaining with each second. Bobby was right when he said the men in black were creepy looking with there blue eyes that never blinked. They would make for better robots then humans.
He reached the forest limit and pushed the branches out of his way and moved deep inside. The leaves and brush was so intense it was like running into a wall. The branches closed in around him as though they were hands trying to grab him. It felt like trying to run in a dream.
He had been in the forest a million times before, even though he knew the place well he had to be careful not to run at full speed in the darkness. If he took a turn without looking where he was going it would be like entering the forest for the first time as a child and end up being lost. He would lose his advantage over the men in black. At least in town he could look for landmarks and know where he was, a street name, location of a store, a familiar house, but in the woods it was all the same. At night the tress all became the same tall monster blocking out the light.
He knew he had to look out for dead man’s cliff. If he fell off the cliff he would never been seen again. Everyone in town feared dead man’s cliff. Parents always warned the kids to stay away. Telling them it would lead to certain death. He couldn’t worry about that now. He looked over his shoulder and could see the men closing in on him. They didn’t hesitate at following him in.
He moved as fast as he could passing by tree after tree. He knew if the sun was out he could’ve moved even faster and gotten away. He quickly ducked under a tree branch and pushed away large leaves from his face that appeared at the last second. He had almost no reaction time. He was hoping he wouldn’t slam into one, knocking himself out and wake up in a prison cell. He could hear the breaking of tree branches under his feet. He knew it was giving away his location. If he had made any progress in getting away the sound of the tree branches breaking gave away his location.
He knew he was very close to dead man’s cliff. Little kids never entered the forest near the playground because they were warned about the closeness of the cliff itself. In the day light while walking he could’ve taken his time looking for it, but not now in the dark. Here in the darkness he could be standing an inch away from it and wouldn’t even know it.
He made sure to avoid any tree roots sticking out. Bad enough having to look for a massive drop off, but the last thing he wanted was to trip over something like a root sticking out, giving the men in black a chance to catch up. In the movies he had watched growing up anyone caught by men in black were never seen again. Would the same happen to him?
As he moved through the forest he gave a quick look over his shoulder and to his surprise the men in black where gone. The forest was now silent, the sound of them pushing their way through the leaves a few feet behind him had stopped. What happened to them? It was the oddest thing, one moment they were chasing him and now gone. How could it be explained? It defied all logic. He couldn’t stop moving though. He needed to put as much distance between him and the men, incase they were still chasing him and he couldn’t see them. Who knows, maybe they were still right behind him but he couldn’t see them since they were wearing black. They might’ve been blending into the surrounding trees. In the daylight their black outfits would’ve stood out, but at night they blended in with the darkness. Maybe that’s why so many people reported having encounters with them at night. Saying the men in black came out of nowhere.
He kept running forward while looing over his shoulder for them, he placed his left foot in front of the right and lost his footing. Before he new what was happening he could feel himself falling. His worst nightmare was coming true. He had found dead man’s cliff, but he found it the hard way. He was now falling through open air. Fear shot through his body. In the darkness he failed to see the edge of the cliff. At any second he would hit the ground. Would he survive? Not likely. He closed his eyes and hoped the end would come quickly. A few seconds passed by, he couldn’t understand why he hadn’t hit the ground yet. It wasn’t making sense. He could actually count the seconds going by. No one could fall for this long. He opened his eyes and found himself floating off the edge of the cliff with the ground below, not getting any closer. Now he truly felt like he was dreaming. He looked around and could see the cliff on one side and open air on the other with his body in suspended animation in the middle. How was this happening? A moment later he felt his body lifting back up towards the edge of the cliff. His head was racing with a million thoughts. This couldn’t be real.
Before he could answer he was back standing on the edge, over looking the drop off. This was beyond anything he could comprehend. He knew no one would ever believe him. He should be at the bottom of the cliff right now. This was just as bizarre as the time he was in the city and was nearly hit by the car and felt the invisible hand push him across. Did the same thing happen again? Was there a higher power watching over him? Why him? Was he meant for something greater in life and some higher power wanted to keep him alive? Clearly nothing in the world of science could explain what was happening. But why was it happening? His head was spinning with a million thoughts. As much as he wanted to question what just happened, he had to move on. He needed to find his friends. Were their lives just as in danger? We’re they experiencing bizarre moments like he was? Maybe they could explain what happened to him at deaf man’s cliff and where the men in black disappeared to?
He knew he had to make it over to hole in the tree. Hopefully his friends would be there waiting. However, he would play it smart and not run as fast. The last thing he wanted was to fall again. Whatever saved him the first time may not be there for him again.
He started moving through the forest, looking for a way out. Moving around the trees and ducking under the branches. Trying to be as quiet as possible. The whole time he kept a look out for the men in black. They just might be behind a tree waiting to grab him as he ran by.

Bobby stayed low in the alleyway and looked at his watch. He wanted to know how long he had been hiding. It felt like forever. There was no sign of the black cars anywhere, but then again they could’ve been hiding at the top of the alleyway just waiting for him to come out. He needed to move, to find the other guys. They were out there somewhere in need of his help. He had to take the risk; he stood up slowly and started making his way to the top of the alleyway, listening for any sudden movements. Any sign of the black car waiting to pounce on him. Who knows what weapons these men carried. When he reached the top of the dark alleyway he peaked out and gradually looked around. All was quiet. Maybe the men in black truly did give up and leave.
He started walking down the sidewalk in the darkness glancing over his shoulder ever few seconds. Every little movement made him jump. He wanted to walk a few blocks towards Charter Road. He was sure he noticed Sam head that way when they moved apart not to long along, but would Sam still be around on the street? For all he knew the men in black caught Sam and had taken him away. He made his way down the three blocks passing houses until he reached Charter Road, turned and started down the sidewalk, staying in the shadows as he moved. Stores and small businesses lined both sides of the street. He knew by walking on the sidewalk he was more out in the open, making himself more visible to the men in black, but it was a risk he had to take. If the black car came around the corner now, he would be done for, but he wanted to find Sam. He walked for a minute more.
“Bobby” a voice called out from above.
Bobby stopped walking and quickly ducked into the shadows. He stepped forward and looked up. He knew the voice. He noticed Sam on top of the roof waving at him. “What are you doing up there?” He whispered back while looking down the street.
“Trying to find everyone. I wanted a better point of view. Figured being up on the roof gave me a better vantage point” Sam called back. “Hard to see though in the darkness. Haven’t seen any men in black in the last few hours”
Bobby nodded “Neither have I. Maybe they gave up. What was up with them coming after us like that? Those guys are crazy. Chasing after kids in a car.” He said while looking up to Sam.
“I guess they know about us seeing the aliens in the forest”
“They were after John Smith as well. I guess he really does know a huge secret about the aliens. Maybe her knows the hour of the attack”
“Hold on, I’m coming down” Sam called out. He got up from his spot and made his way to the back of the building.
Sam ran to the end of the block and up the alleyway and watched Sam climbing down the ladder.
When Sam reached the bottom he turned to Bobby. “Did you see Timmy or Kyle and what direction they went?”
Bobby shook his head no, “I tired keeping my eye on them, but in all the confusion and darkness I lost sight of them”
“I know what you mean,” Sam said “It all happen so fast. We broke apart in different groups so fast. I had no idea who was with me. I called out for everyone to meet up at hole in the tree. Hopefully they heard me” 
 “I think Timmy went in the direction of the park” Bobby said “That’s my guess”
“Maybe Kyle headed for Clarkson Street” Sam said “What I think we should do is head over to hole in the tree. It’s where I told everyone to meet up. I just hope the other guys are there”
“Good idea” Bobby nodded “Hopefully we will meet up with everyone then.”
They walked up the alleyway to the top of the street and gave a quick look around making sure no one was watching them and took off running towards the forest.

Kyle peaked out from under the tree and hadn’t seen a black car in awhile. He remembered Sam yelling out about meeting up at hole in the tree. He figured it was his only chance to meet up with the gang, if they hadn’t been caught yet. Or the worst-case scenario, the men in black waiting at the entrance for them to arrive. All the work he had done getting away only to have them waiting for him would be horrible, but he had to take the risk. He set off towards hole in the tree.

It wasn’t long until Sam and Bobby ran across the grass and reached hole in the tree. They stood in front of the massive wall of trees trying to locate the other two. They were sure they were seeing black cars every second with every step they took along the way. They jumped when anything moved, even a bat.
Bobby was the first one through the entrance. After he crawled through he stood up and looked around the forest area and was disappointed when he didn’t see any of the other cry wolves’ gang waiting for them. He was hoping Kyle and Timmy would’ve been there. “Guess the other guys are still out there. Lets hope they’re hiding and haven’t been caught”
Sam stood up and nodded. He knew Bobby was thinking the same thing he was. Hoping the two other guys were not being held prisoner in a secret location by the men in black. “I guess we need wait here and hope they come to us”
Bobby agreed and they both hid in the darkness with the trees and bushes covering over him. Looking out over the town hoping the other members of the cry wolves’ gang would soon arrive. The only thing heard were crickets throughout the darkness.

When Kyle reached a street corner he stopped and leaned on the wall, he was out of breath. He looked around making sure no one was watching from a distance. He would’ve liked to see someone to call out to, but he wasn’t betting on it. He knew he had to keep moving. Every second counted. He quickly ran across the street when he was sure the coast was clear. Staying in the shadows for block after block. Fifteen minutes later of running he could finally see hole in the tree entrance half a block away. The forest wall never looked so scary and inviting in his life. He figured if someone where going to grab him it would happen now. Of all his running he felt more nervous now then before. There where no more building to hide along side of. Now he would have to cross the street and run across the grass towards the forest.
He could only hope to see the others waiting. He took a deep breath and made sure no cars where hiding in the shadows and ran.
He cleared the street in a second and crossed the grass in record time. He always liked being a daredevil; well he was feeling it now more then ever. He wondered if a spy ever felt this much fear, because they never showed it in the movies.
Bobby saw him approaching and pointed him out to Sam. “Kyle over here” he called out from his hiding spot in the forest.
Kyle recognized Bobby’s voice. He looked into the wall of darkness “Where are you guys?”
“Over here, deeper in the forest” Sam called out. “Go through the entrance and move to your right”
Kyle ran towards the forest and stopped at the entrance. “Can someone explain to me what is going on here?” he whispered as loud as he could. “Why are we being chased? We’re just little kids looking to enjoy the weekend. Now aliens want to destroy our town and were being pursued by weird looking men with freaky looking eyes in black cars? This doesn’t happen to other kids, why us?”
Sam quickly crawled out of his hiding spot on his knees. He looked up to Kyle “Trust me I know how you feel. Looks like someone really wants us silenced. We know too much. To make matters worse, we can’t find Timmy. Quick get in ”

Timmy ran out of the forest towards the playground. There was no sign of the men chasing after him. He knew he had only once chance, get back to hole in the tree. Maybe the others would be waiting for him there. He made sure no one could see him and he set off running across the grass.

The others boys were inside the forest peaking out through the branches. Looking in every direction for any sign of Timmy. Each one couldn’t help but wonder if the worst case possibly could really happen. At one point they thought about going out and looking for him, but that might put them all in danger again. Each minute felt like an hour. It felt as though time had stopped.
Bobby was lying down using the brush and weeds as cover. He tried looking through the darkness towards the road when he noticed someone running his way. He knew right away it had to be Timmy. Bobby stood up and called out to him.
Timmy ran across the grass and heard Bobby’s voice and quickly turned and moved towards the direction it was coming from. When he reached hole in the wall entrance he didn’t slow down. He dove into the bushes and crawled back up towards the other three.
“Good to see your safe, we thought they got you” Bobby called out.
“No way. It was close though. They chased after me into the forest. I was running so fast and fell of dead man cliff,” Timmy said in a hurry.
The other boys looked at him in shock and disbelief.
“What, you fell off? How can you still be here?” Kyle asked. “It’s impossible”
Timmy shook his head “I don’t know how to explain it. A hand lifted me back into the air when I fell off and back onto safe ground.”
“What, this is crazy” Bobby said.
“The same thing happened to me” Kyle quickly said, “I was almost hit by the black car as I ran across the street and something pushed me across”
The other boys looked at each other in wonder.
“This is way to weird” Bobby said, “None of it makes sense. Who saved Timmy’s and Kyle’s life? And who are the men in black chasing us?”
Timmy nodded “So many questions and no one to talk to about it.” he looked around the dark forest “And can someone tell me what happened to John Smith?”
Sam shook his head. “When the cars came after us we all went in different directions I lost sight of everyone, including John Smith”
“Oh great.” Bobby said, “Now we will never know what the secret is he wanted to tell us. He was the only adult to believe us.”
The kids all sat around disappointed.
“Maybe we will see him again,” Sam said. Even he wasn’t sure if he believed his own words.
“The problem is we’re running out of time. It’s not like the aliens are going to attack years from now, it going to happen in the afternoon” Kyle added. 
 “What is the plan now?” Bobby asked
Kyle rubbed his fist “I say we go looking for the men in black and slap them around a bit, I don’t like be chased by anybody. I say no more running and a lot more fighting back”
“We’ll have to stay in the darkness for a bit. It will be safer for us,” Sam said. “I know it’s not the best idea, but we have to be smart about this. We don’t know how many of them there are driving around. If we get caught, it’s game over, not just for us, but the whole town as well. We are the only hope this town has. We can’t risk any silly moves that will give the military the advantage. They want us to run around the streets, so they see and catch us. We will be playing right into their hands ”
“I don’t like the idea of hiding” Kyle said. “I want to stand up to them”
“I agree,” Sam said “But if we run out there, we will be caught. I much as I want to run after those creepy looking men as well, we need to play it cool. This isn’t about us; it’s about everyone in this town. Every choice we make, we need to keep them in mind ”
The other kids nodded in agreement. They knew Sam was right. They needed to come up with a smarter plan. Running around town trying to stand up to the men in black and getting caught didn’t sound to smart.
They stayed low in the bushes watching out for the black cars.
An hour later Bobby noticed a black car slowly moving along the street a few yards away and pointed it out to the others boys.
They each felt nervous as they remained silent. They watched it slowly roll by with its high beams on as the passenger looked out the window with a powerful flashlight. They knew it was the men in black looking for them.
“This is getting crazy,” Timmy whispered as he stayed back in the shadows under the trees.
“I think it’s scary.” Bobby said, “Who knows what would happen to us if we’re caught. This is nothing like in a comic book. Being chased by bad guys in a comic book is cool, but not in real life”
“So this is what its like to be a spy.” Kyle said, “It’s not all that fun. I don’t remember seeing any spy have to lie down in the dirt.” Kyle said. “They fight back”
Timmy shook his head. “In just a few hours the biggest assault the world has ever known will take place. We are the only one who knows and we can’t do a thing about it”
“Could this night get any darker” Bobby whispered.
They remained in the darkness for a few more hours as the black cars drove past every once and a while.
The day of “the event”
The next morning the first few beams of morning sun began to rise up in the sky. Birds began chirping as a few joggers where out running the side streets. Alarm clocks were ringing in houses throughout town. Most alarm clocks would be off on a Saturday morning, but not this day. The town was slowing beginning to wake up. A few volunteers were already making there way over to the town hall to set up for the biggest day of the year.
As each person in town woke they could feel the excitement in the air. Little kids were up bright and early eating there breakfast before putting on their costumes. Neighbors met up with each other talking about their excitement and nervousness for their skits. Kids and adults met with each other one last time to practice their songs.
The cry wolves’ gang should’ve be one of them, but they had bigger things on there minds.

Charles King had his camera resting on the passenger side seat in his car as he made his way down Forest Road. He had to make his way to the highway. A picture of the train accident would look great on the front page of the newspaper, once he heard the military closed the road he had to find out why. Others would’ve sat back and let the day go by, he needed to see for himself.
Who knows, covering this might get him a job in the big city. He grew up in the city always wanting to make it as a reporter. He knew he had to start small, so he got a job in the smallest town possible, at least this way he could move up the ladder quickly and have it on his résumé. However stories about neighbors cats and little town events wouldn’t get him noticed. He wanted to find the big story something that would bring the worlds attention to him. Get is own name in the paper so to speak. This was it. He knew if he could grab a few pictures of the train accident others would notice him. And for the first time his name would be center stage. He was surprised to see no one in town seem to bother. Then again no one in town ever seemed to leave Springbrook Gardens. They liked their town nice and quiet. People who lived there wanted to be away from the city.
He stopped his car and pulled off to the side. He decided to go the rest of the way on foot. He knew the military had closed the highway so he didn’t want to approach with his car only to be turned around, maybe get in trouble. He figured if he approached on foot he could get a lot closer without being seen. He looked up and was amazed at how the trees reached up to the sky. The brush was so dense he couldn’t see more then a few yards in front of him. The forest seemed to be alive as though it was watching him. He moved forward, just the thought of grabbing an amazing picture pushed him forward.
He looked at his watched and knew he’d been pushing his way through the forest for more then an hour. Walking along the side of the road would’ve taken thirty minutes or less, but he couldn’t take the risk.
He eventually made his way to the highway. He knew to stay out of sight. The military was helping with the derailment. They already had their hands full; they probably didn’t want a reporter getting in the way. He came out from behind a tree, lowered behind a large rock and looked over the highway. From his vantage point he could see a large stretch of road in both direction. Not a car in either direction. He could see the train tracks next to the highway but there was something very odd. He saw no derailment anywhere. How could this be? There should be countless military vehicles moving about with soldiers working together. The announcement on the radio said the derailment was blocking access to Forest Road. He could see Forest Road just fine to his left a few yards away. So where’s the train accident? Why was it so quiet? All he could see was a nice quiet forest with a river running along side the train tracks with an early morning blue sky above. He needed to figure out what was really going on. He moved down towards the highway and started walking on the gravel along side the highway. He figured if he saw a military vehicle approaching he would dive back into the forest. Or at least ask them to explain what’s happening.
He made his way along the empty highway with only the sound of the river next to the train line.
After twenty minutes of walking he came upon a massive military complex. He looked it over and had to give his head a shake. What a sight it was. It didn’t look as though they were just parking for a few days for a meet and greet. The soldiers were moving about, as thought getting ready for something big, like a war. Tents were set up everywhere and vehicles had weapons being placed on them. He knew the military was staying off the highway while visiting, but something about this didn’t seem right. He decided to stay back and not be seen. He moved off the highway into the forest and peaked out from behind a tree. No matter how much he looked the place over, the scale shocked him.
 A large convoy of army trucks and armored vehicles sat in a row facing the highway, looking as though there ready to roll out at any moment. As if a call might come in telling the General a war has started, but there was no chance of a war around here was there?
He looked off to the far right, into corner by the forest away from everyone. A metal building with bars on the window sat far back close to the forest, as thought they wanted it hidden by the trees. Hidden away from passerby’s. Why have bars on the window? It looked more like a holding cell, but out here? They were just in town for a friendly meet and greet, why have a holding cell? A building a few yards away looking like a command center with the satellite dishes on top and the number of soldiers coming and going.
But what really seemed baffling is the uniforms of the soldiers, why bright sliver? When they came into town they were in dark green just like any other soldier in the army. Now they look as though they’re from a science fiction movie. Their faces covered with black glasses added to the mystery even more.
He knew he needed answers right away, this was beyond news for a small town paper, this was big time. Every paper in the big city would want this story.
He inched a bit closer making sure he wasn’t spotted by any of the guards. It was clear the train derailment was a lie. But what was it covering up? He hid behind a large rock next to an armored vehicle. He got a better look at the large silver guns being assembled on the back of jeeps. What on earth would they be used those for? He had never seen such bizarre looking guns before. Now it was truly looking like a science fiction movie coming to life. He had never been in the military, but in all his years of watching movies he had never seen something like this. He grabbed his camera. He needed pictures of this. No one would ever believe him of this insanity without proof. Sometimes words are not enough. He was seeing it with his own eyes and he couldn’t believe it. The military has a lot of explaining to do. With the telling of the train derailment story, it as clear the military did not want the town’s people to leave, but why?
He took a few pictures of the jeeps with the sliver guns on the back, a couple more of soldiers carrying large metal pieces to the jeeps and a few more of the building that looks like a holding cell. He made sure to get close ups of the metal bars on the window, but there was something much larger in scale being assembled on the other side of the main tent. Hard to tell what it was being so far back, it had most of the soldier’s attention. He needed to get closer. He wasn’t going to get any pictures of the mysterious object this far back.
He was about to move towards the tent when he heard vehicles coming up behind him on the highway. For a brief moment he almost panicked, but he knew it wouldn’t help. He needed to stay calm and find a place to hind before the vehicles got any closer. He was well hidden from the soldiers on the base, but wide open to anyone on the highway passing by.
He knew the cars approaching had to be with the military. He hadn’t seen any cars in the last half hour pass by. The military probably didn’t want anyone driving by to see military vehicles with weapons on them. He quickly moved back into the forest and watch the highway from behind a tree. With the countless branches everywhere it was completely hidden.
He watched as a group of black cars with black tinted windows approached in a row and pulled into the base one after the other and moved towards the holding cell.
Through the branches he could just make out what was happening. He had to make sure to stay hidden though.
The driver of the first black car got out and to Charles surprise was dressed all in black as well. Was there a new fashion movement going on around the world he didn’t know about, were everything you owned was now the color black?
The driver of each of the cars opened up the back doors and from each car adults and a few kids where taken out.
Well, what do we have here? He thought. Prisoners?
They looked like citizens from town. Why would they be prisoners? The military only came by this weekend for a meet and greet and now there detaining people?
They looked like they could’ve been some kids parents. Whoever they were they seemed very concerned about wanting to speak to someone in charge. They looked like they were asking a lot of questions, but not getting any answers. It was clear they were looking over to the main tent wanting to go over to it, but the soldiers were guiding them towards the holding cell.
He was too far away to hear what was going on, but why was this group picked up in the first place? They didn’t look like troublemakers. They sure didn’t have the anti-government, anti-military look to them, in fact they looked like your average parents next door with a few teenage kids in the mix, not the average person the military would have to detain. There looked to be ten of them altogether. They were moved into the holding cell and the door closed behind them.
A few soldiers moved the black cars away from the holding cell and over to the parking lot along with the rest of the cars. He looked around for the men in black and couldn’t find them; ok what just happened to them? One minute they were getting out of the black cars, now they’re gone? That doesn’t make sense, how?
He wanted pictures, but had to get closer for them. From where he was he’d only get blurry pictures with leaves in the way. He moved out from behind the trees and quickly moved over to the armored vehicles. He stayed low and peaked around the lead vehicle, making sure no one could see him.
He swiftly moved to the next vehicle and leaned against the metal bumper. He wanted pictures of the holding cell and who was being held inside, but the mysterious object being assembled behind the main tent caught his attention. It appeared to be massive in scale. It rested on a flat bed truck, big enough that it would’ve taken up both sides of the highway if pulled along. He needed to get a few more feet closer to get a really good look at it. The main tent with the satellite dishes was blocking a clear view. He had to be careful, there was a lot of activity around the building as soldiers were coming and going from the front door at any given second. Anyone one of them could’ve seen him. The countless armored vehicles in the way didn’t help with his view either.
He checked over his shoulder and quickly snuck over from the armored vehicle to the back of the main tent. Luckily he had made it this far. No one had seen him. He leaned against the building, directly in front of him was the empty highway and train line, He knew around the corner of the tent was the mysterious massive object being constructed. A picture of it could be worth millions. Every news agency around the world would want to know about this. Based on the sound of the tools being used by the soldiers it sounded like a monster was being constructed. He needed to know what it was. He lowered down and peaked around the corner as his eyes widened. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Impossible, he thought. No one on earth would build such a thing. What was the military going to do with it? He knew he had get a few pictures and get back to town. Everyone had to know about this. The world would be shocked to see this.
“What are you doing here?” a deep voice echoed from behind him.
Charles turned around and saw a solider pointing gun at him.

The kids were down in the dirt, keeping a low profile at the entrance of hole in the tree as the sun rose in the early morning sky. Each one of them was scanning the roads like hawks. Looking for any sign of black cars with tinted windows.
Sam whispered, “I haven’t seen one for hours. Maybe they gave up”
Kyle looked out onto the road “Or they’re out there hiding in the shadows. Waiting for us to come out of our hiding spots and show are faces. Then bam, they grab us, take us prisoner”
Timmy shook his head “We can’t stay here all day. We need to warn everyone in town. Every second that passes is a second gone. The attack is just a few hours away”
“I know how you feel,” Sam said “But how do we warn them of something that sounds impossible”
Bobby spoke up “Maybe we can make a mad run for it back home, our parents maybe looking for us. We have been out all night”
Sam nodded “Your right, we can’t solve anything hiding here. We need to move. We’ll have to be aware of everything around us though.” Sam said “Any sign of danger and we run as fast we can back into the woods to regroup”
“Make sure one of us gets away.” Timmy said, “Can’t let all of us get caught. Someone needs to warn the town”
They all nodded pushed the branches aside and slowly climbed through the entrance to hole in the tree. They stood up from the dirt and brushed themselves off and checked their surroundings. They watched the road that was a few yards away. None of them could see anything out of the ordinary.
Sam looked to the others “Looks as though the coast is clear. Now, lets get out of here”
They nodded and took off running down the sidewalk towards their street. Headed straight to there houses. Each one not slowly down for anything. They moved like lighting. A few months ago they failed to make the track team, if the coach could see them move now, they would make the all-star team. At the rate they were moving if they were being followed by a black car they could probably would’ve out ran it.
They reached their street in record time and didn’t slow down. Sam was the first to run inside his house. He pushed the front door open and ran room-to-room looking for his parents. Something weird caught his attention; they were nowhere to be found. What’s was going on? Where could they be? He checked the bedrooms and ran down into the basement. Fear ran through his veins like ice water. What happened? Were they out looking for him, or did something bad happen? He couldn’t see a note anywhere.
Timmy went through his house faster then he ran home. His parents should’ve been up by now. He ran up the stairs and back down. He checked every room twice and looked outside the living room window into the backyard. He started calling out there names. Wondering if they would answer. No one could be found. This was getting to weird. What happened to them?
Bobby came running out the back door of his house. He figured he look in the backyard, seeing as how no one was inside the house. There were a million times he wished his brother was never home, but now that his house was empty he was nervous. Even his parents were gone. They would’ve left a note. They always do. Maybe they took the car and went looking for him, but that doesn’t make sense. The car was still in the driveway. Would they have walked around the neighborhood to find him? This was getting weirder by the second.
Kyle came running over to Bobby’s backyard “My parents and sister are nowhere to be found” Kyle yelled out in a panic. “What’s going on here?”
Bobby looked over to Kyle “Same with mine. I looked all over my house and I can’t find them or my brother” he looked around in confusion.
Sam came running out the front door and noticed Kyle in Bobby’s backyard and ran over to them. “Your family missing as well?” he called out as he made his way back.
They both quickly nodded in terror.
Timmy looked out his back window in the living room and saw the three of them and ran out the back door. “This can’t be right. All of our families are gone. It had to be the men in black who took them; it can be no one else. They wanted to get us, failed to do so, so they came after our families.”
Sam nodded “It appears so.”
“Why go after our parents?” Kyle asked
Sam looked over to him “Cause they know we will come out of our hiding places to look for them. They know we will wander the streets looking everywhere, that’s when they will grab us. Instead of wondering around looking for kids who are hiding they decided to force us to come out”
“This is war.” Kyle said “I say we find the men in black and slap them around. No one messes with my family, but me,” he said while rubbing a fist into his opened hand.
“That’s what they want,” Timmy said.
“That’s right” Sam said “And we’ll walk right into there hands. It’s a trap”
“Now we need to go to the police” Timmy said, “This is no longer about us, our families are now involved. The police have to help” Timmy said.
“But we still have the same problem. How will we get them to believe us? If we walk in and tell them all of our family members are missing, they will start asking questions. Lets face it, how many times do you hear of four families going missing at once in a small town? How do we tell them without sounding crazy talking about men in black and aliens?” Bobby asked.
“We have no choice,” Sam said “We need to be honest with them. There’s no other way. We need to be calm and relaxed and explain the whole thing from beginning to end. The police will understand. They probably have heard weirder stories in the past. If we run in there and act nuts they will send us out thinking were crazy. We just need to stay cool, explain ourselves and they will understand”
“He’s right” Kyle said, “Well just stay relaxed. Tell the truth, and the police will go looking for our parents. They will find them and they will be safe. Then we can deal with the alien problem”
The other kids nodded in agreement.
“Lets go” Timmy said.
They all took off running from Bobby’s backyard, up the driveway and up along the sidewalk as fast as they could move. They knew the way to the police station; they had been there many times before to pull a few pranks.

Warren and his gang were hanging out on his front porch, leaning back doing nothing. What they enjoyed best.
Brad opened his eyes and leaned forward. “Look, it’s the cry wolves losers” he pointed, “Where are they running to in such a hurry? They looked stressed out”
“Probably has something to do with the variety show on later today. Who cares it’s all a waste of time,” Cindy mumbled.
The others laughed and nodded in agreement.
Warren looked over to Martin “Just remember what the plain is. Make sure you find those kids in the town hall before it’s there turn to go up on stage and lock them in the janitor’s storage room. I want those losers never to have a chance at winning. That way they’ll miss there start time”
Martin laughed. “No problem, I like that idea. We’ll make sure those kids get what’s coming to them. Whatever is stressing those kids out now will be nothing after we lock them up”

Solider 14 walked into the main tent and turned to the General “The building of the supergun is complete sir”
The General looked up from his paperwork and smiled “Good, now it’s time. When I give the word have everyone mount up, and ride into town. I’ll already be their watching the variety show, then we will bring down the mother ship.” He looked over the paperwork on his desk “What about the adults you brought in? What have they told you?”
“Sir, we brought them in telling them there kids were in danger and needed their help. They’re in the holding cells now wanting to talk to you. They claim they don’t know anything about their kids reading information about John Smith on their computers. They say there kids are not into any conspiracy. There just little kids who like video games and comic books”
The General slowly nodded “Sounds like a cover up. They must all be in on it. Are the kids in town looking for there parents now?”
“Yes sir, they are. We have are men watching them from a distance. There headed in the direction of the police station just like we knew they would. We’ll grab them at that time. We can’t do it now on the streets in the daylight, everyone will see us.”
“I like the plan. In just a few hours we’ll have the mother ship down and the world will be safe from the aliens.”

The cry wolves’ gang ran along Main Street passing by a few teens who where getting there costumes ready for the variety show. As of the moment anything to do with the talent show was the last thing on their minds. They had bigger things to worry about. Not a single person in town knew the truth of what was about to happen. They were all going about their day; unaware of what was in the sky watching over them.
The gang approached the Springbrook Gardens Police Station in record time and ran up the front three steps passing by the flag poll. They headed straight for the glass doors. Sam pulled the door open and they all bolted towards the front desk as fast as they could.
An officer with short white hair and a mustache sat at the front desk filling out paperwork “And how can I help you boys on this fine morning?” he said in a low dull voice.
All four kids where out of breath from running, but it didn’t stop them from rambling away all at once in a panic with each one saying the word alien at least ten times within twenty seconds. All the tension and stress of the night got to them and they found themselves saying everything at once.
Bobby pointed towards the forest saying something about evil aliens who weren’t green with antennas like in the comic books, but they had big black eyes and wanted destroy the town.
Kyle rambled on about his missing parents and how they were chased by weird looking men in black driving black cars who no one else in town could see.
Timmy was going nonstop about seeing an alien in his backyard then seeing a saucer out in the forest and thinking it was Warren playing a joke, but it turned out it wasn’t a joke after all and how weird looking aliens were going to attack the small town.
Sam was yelling about John Smith not being crazy even though he just looks it and how he knows the truth.
Each one carried on for a minute talking over each other.
The officer stood up from his seat “Slow down boys, slow down. You’re all talking at once, I can’t understand any of you”
The boys all stopped, relaxed and took at deep breath. They looked at each other and back at the police officer. Within a second they were all rambling away again just as they were a moment ago. Each one mentioning aliens, men in black, attacking and the military.
The police officer raised his hands “Boys, calm down, and speak in your indoor voice” He pointed to Sam “Why don’t you tell me what’s happening”
Sam tried to catch his breath and spoke up “We need you to get your guns and help us stop the aliens from destroying our town and help us find our lost parents”
The officer at the front desk leaned back and started to laugh as other officers in the building got up from there desks and walked over to the front desk. They gathered around to listen.
The officer at the desk looked down to the boys “What on earth are you talking about? This is a police station bo21	ys, not a stage. You can’t bring your skits in here. You need to head over to the town hall for the variety show. This is a real place of business”
“But this is real, where telling you the truth. I know we’ve made up stories in the past, but now were serious” Sam said talking as fast as possible “Timmy saw a light in his backyard at night time, we went in the forest to see what it was. We saw an alien. At first we thought it was Warren and his gang playing a joke, but it turns out it was real, because the next night we saw a flying saucer land and the General and a few scientists met up with the aliens. The aliens walked down the ramp of their saucer and handed information over to the scientists. We didn’t know what it was. After we got back into town we met up with a crazy man, who turns out not to be crazy. He just looks crazy, but really he is sane after all. Then out of nowhere these weird looking men in black who drive black cars with tinted windows chased us all over town in the night. Timmy and Kyle almost died getting away, but something weird and very mysterious saved them. As though in invisible hand saved them from death. In order not to be caught we hid in the forest, that’s why were all dirty. And in the morning we got home and found are families missing. Oh, I forgot to mention, the worst part is aliens are going to attack our town at any moment, and no one outside this town will ever find out because the government controls the media” he stopped and looked up to the officers.
There was a moment of silence throughout the building. The kids all looked at each other and then back to the officers.
The other officers in the room started to laugh and walked back to there desks.
The kids looked at each other in disbelief.
The officer at the front desk looked back down to his paperwork “Boys I have work to do I can’t be apart of your little show. Your parents are probably at the town hall setting up for the variety show like everyone else is. I have no idea what you’re talking about when you mention aliens. Now you will have to leave”
The kids looked at each other in shock.
“But this is real” Timmy yelled out “The whole town is in danger. Evil aliens with big black eyes are ready to attack today. I know we made up stories before, but this time its all real”
The officer looked up “Boys, I have real work to do. I don’t have time for this. You kids have a history of running around town making up stories and trying to convince everyone there real. Well not this time. You need to take you stories and make your way to the variety show,” he pointed to the door with his pen in hand.
The boys looked at each other and lowered their heads in defeat. They knew they weren’t going to convince the officers about aliens or their families missing. They slowly turned and made there way out the building and stood on the sidewalk as a few cars drove past, feeling defeated and more depressed then ever. They didn’t know what to say. They walked across the street to the park and sat down on the swings.
“Were in trouble guys.” Sam said in a low voice, “It looks as though no adult in this town will believe us. We could broadcast the story from the tallest building, but it won’t make any difference. How on earth can we get the adults to see the truth before it’s too late? Our families are gone and at any moment aliens are going to attack”
“Could this get any worse?” Timmy asked as he looked up into the blue sky. “Were are the aliens? Why can’t we see them?”
Kyle slowly looked up and noticed a police officer crossing the street towards them “Look guys, it’s officer Reed, he’s headed this way. I bet he believes us. Going to the police did help out after all”
The other kids looked up and saw the officer approaching. They sat up straight and looked at each other with hope.
Officer Reed walked up to them with a smile “Hey boys, I couldn’t help but over hear you talking to the chief about a UFO and aliens”
Bobby jumped up off the swing “We sure did, they’re up in the sky right now ready to attack our town. We saw them in the forest and just now men in black took our families. We want to get them back but no one will believe us”
Kyle added in “Not only that, but we also know about the military planning on sitting back and letting the aliens attack this town and they’re not going to do anything to stop them”
The officer Reed nodded with a smile “Well, well. Aliens attacking this small town, imagine how you kids found out about that. Guess what? I know where the men in black took your families”
The three other boys shot off their swings and looked at each other in disbelief.
“You know where they are?” Bobby yelled out. “We need to get them. Make sure there safe”
Timmy and Kyle quickly nodded.
Officer Reed looked down at the kids and spoke in a soft voice. “I was driving around last night and noticed your family members getting into black cars and driving away. Something didn’t seem right. I had a feeling something was wrong. I followed them until they reached Forest Road. I quickly went back to the station and told the chief about it but he wouldn’t believe me”
The kids looked at each other in shock.
“What?” Sammy called out “Wouldn’t believe you?”
Officer Reed looked at the kids “He said to ignore it because it must’ve been my imagination”
“Imagined it?” Kyle yelled out “What kind of a police chief tells someone they imagined a kidnapping? Is he serious? You saw black cars taking away our families, and he said you imagined it. I feel like going back into that station right now and telling him what I think,” Kyle said as Bobby nodded.
“No need for that.” Officer Reed said, “I know were your families are being held, we can rescue them. I can help you find a way to stop the aliens from attacking as well. We can save this town”
The kids cheered.
“Alright that’s what I like to hear” Kyle yelled out “lets do this”
“We’ll confront the men in black who took your families” Officer Reed said. “No way will they kidnap any of your family members and think they will get away with it and there is no way I’ll let evil aliens attack this quite town”
“You got that right” Kyle said “Lets go get them right now”
The others looked at each other and nodded with eagerness.
Officer Reed smiled “Let’s head over to my police car were we can go for a drive”
“Yeah,” Bobby yelled out “Arrest the kidnappers and stop the invasion. Finally we’re getting somewhere. Taking the fight to them”
“You got that right Bobby. We finally got an adult to believe us.” Timmy yelled out. “We’re not going to stand around anymore waiting, we’re taking action”
The kids quickly followed officer Reed across the street towards the police parking lot. They passed a few other cars and made they’re way towards his black and white police car and stood by the car’s door as officer Reed unlocked it. Timmy pulled open the passenger side and jumped inside, as Kyle, Bobby and Sam quickly got in the back.
Officer Reed walked around and got into the car driver side. “We’ll head out to the highway and stop at the military base and locate your families and get them out of there”
“They’re being held at the military base?” Sam asked.
Kyle spoke from the back seat. “When we get there we’ll need to talk to the General right away. Tell him not to sit back and let the aliens destroy our town. There has to be another way. They can’t let aliens demonstrate the power of their weapons and destroy a town in the process. They need to defend the human race.”
Officer Reed smiled as they drove along Main Street headed towards Forest Road “You kids seem to know a lot about the aliens.”
“We sure do” Bobby said, “We watched the alien saucer land in the forest. While we were hiding we watched the General pull up in his jeep and met with the aliens face to face and we over heard him saying the aliens are going to attack our town”
Kyle added “We also figured out on our own the General is going to sit back and let the aliens attack because he wants to see the alien weapons in use, so he can have them for his own army”
“Well you sure are a smart group of kids” Officer Reed said.
“Were just glad you can help us.” Kyle said “We need to do everything we can to stop the alien attack. Its good you believe us, it’s impossible to get people around here to believe in aliens”
“Oh I believe all right,” officer Reed whispered.
As they drove along Main Street Sam looked out the window and watched everyone in town getting ready for the variety show. Some were walking down the sidewalk dressed in their costumes. One woman was dressed in a massive swan outfit. Another group of teenage kids were dressed as pirates. At one corner stood a group of kids dressed in white suits with red stripes singing as a barbershop quartet getting one last practice in before the show. Seemed like everyone in town was headed in one direction, the town hall, which made Sam nervous. Having everyone in one spot was not a good idea. If the aliens hit the building, everyone will be lost at once.
Timmy watched the kids walking towards the town hall. Just a few days ago, it was the only thing on his mind. His whole world was about winning the variety talent show. Now the only thing on his mind was saving the town itself. Funny how things could change so quickly. One minute he’s a kid practicing a play caring only about being famous. Now he’s found himself having to find a way to save a town and rescue his parents. How was he going to do it? He knew his life would never be the same after this, now that he knew aliens were real. Everything in his life would now be called into questions, from religion to his future job and life. Watching a movie about aliens would never be the same. Hearing stories of alien abduction would be looked at differently. How could anyone live the same life after finding out The worst part is knowing he will have to keep the information to himself. He knew he saw an alien and a saucer, but who would ever believe him. its not the type of thing you can tell someone when you meet them. He looked at the kids walking towards the town hall and realized how lucky they were in not knowing the truth, but it was his job to save them all. The kids in town would be free of the stress of knowing of the invasion which would only lead to panic and disorder.
Within a few minutes the police car was clear of Main Street and out into Forest Road.
Officer Reed had a small smile as he drove along. The trees blocked out the morning sun. The inside of the car got darker “When I was your age I saw a alien once”
The kids quickly looked over to him in shock.
“What?” Bobby called out “No way, you saw an alien as well?”
“I was fishing with my dad many years ago. I was just a child, seven years old. It was nighttime, just the two of us alone for the weekend at the cottage. We were in our fishing boat when I notice a light in the sky. It was quiet, never made a sound. We watched it for a minute; it started to come down closer towards us. The river and our boat had lit up in a bright white light. I had never seen anything like it before. It wasn’t an airplane. It wasn’t anything man made. It moved closer, as if it knew we were there and it was coming after us. What could we do? We were on a boat. You can’t just run away. The bright light had moved above our heads. We looked up at the source of the light and the next thing we knew we were both waking up on the shore next to our cottage in the morning sunrise. A few loons were resting in the water with the morning dew around us. Our campfire had burned itself out and neither one of us could recall how we lost eight hours”
“That’s so weird” Kyle said quietly.
Officer Reed continued “We both had odd dreams afterwards. So we went to see a doctor, he put us under hypnosis and I remembered everything. The aliens had taken us on their ship. The aliens were looking at me and had strange machines and instruments all around them. The walls of the ship where grey and lifeless, it was if the aliens lack emotion. I didn’t know what was happening, like a child in an operating room. Your confused, they stood around me looking at me with those large black oval eyes, but they never said a word”
Timmy and Bobby listened to his every word,
Sam listened to the story and was amazed how the story sounded just like the story he read about on the Internet.
“You said they had big black oval eyes. That’s what we saw in the forest. What else do you remember about there appearance?” Timmy asked
Officer Reed paused for a moment and looked out the side window “They were grey in color, as though there skin had never seen the sun like ours. They were thin and short maybe four feet in height, their heads where larger at the top then the bottom, but it was the large black eyes that never blinked that creped me out the most. They just stood in front of me and never looked away”
Timmy looked over to Sam and whispered. “It has to be the same ones we saw in the forest. Who knows maybe the same alien itself. These aliens are all over the place. I bet they been coming to earth for decades”
Bobby looked at the officer “We know their plain, those creatures you saw are going to attack our town after the variety show. We need to stop them”
Officer Reed smiled “Yes, I can imagine they’re kind attacking earth one day. We’ll talk to the General who’s just outside of town along side the highway out by the train tracks”
Timmy crossed his arms and whispered, “I don’t believe there was a train accident. They said that to stop us from leaving town”
They drove along passing the trees that reached out over the road making it feel like a tunnel. The longer they drove along the thicker the branches became, cutting off the light making it feel like night.
After a few minutes of driving they reached the highway were the sun came back out.
Sam and Timmy looked across the highway at the train tracks looking for the so-called derailment. When neither of them saw anything that remotely looked like a derailment they look at each other and shook their heads in disgusted.
They drove along the highway for a few minutes and came upon Operation Stand Ground. The kids quickly moved closer to the car windows and looked in astonishment at all the military vehicles parked along side the highway one after the other.
“Look at this place” Kyle said while giving his head a shake “Look at all the weapons on the back of the jeeps. They weren’t on the jeeps when they came into town on Thursday. These soldiers have been busy”
“It looks like a military outpost you’d see in a science fiction movie,” Bobby said.
Sam looked over to the officer Reed “We have no time to waste, we need to locate our families right away. Afterwards we need to find the General. We only have a few hours before the attack begins”
The sheriff laughed a little to himself “Oh you don’t have to worry, the General knows all about the aliens attack. He won’t let the aliens harm anyone”
Sam sat up straight “The General has plans on stopping the aliens and save the town?”
“Oh he will stop the aliens all right”
“Yes” Sam yelled out as the other boys cheered.
“That’s what I’m talking about” Kyle yelled, “It looks like we were wrong about the General. Looks like he’s going to save our town after all”
Bobby couldn’t contain his happiness; he started singing his favorite Fly by Night song. Kyle soon joined in.
“I’m the happiest kid in the world to hear this. Better then winning the talent show,” Timmy said while cheering “The whole time we thought our town was going to be destroyed by aliens and the military was just going to let it happen. I feel silly now.” He laughed out loud “The military will save the day after all. All we need to do is get our families back and get everyone in town to safety. Let the military take it from there”
Sam looked over to Timmy “You got that right. Looks like everything will be alright after all” he paused for a moment “However, can’t imagine why they took our families in the first place though” Sam whispered.
Officer Reed looked over to Sam “Maybe it was a misunderstanding, lets talk to the General and find out what really happened” He pulled the police car onto the gravel and stopped next to the General’s tent, “Now how’s about you boys come with me and we’ll find your families, I’m sure there safe” he opened up door and got out the kids quickly followed behind.
The kids looked at each other, each one feeling the weight of the world off their shoulders. For the first time in a long time they could smile.
Officer Reed walked towards the front doors of the main tent as the kids quickly followed behind. They practicality pushed there way passed each other getting inside the tent looking around for there parents. The only thing they saw was the General at his desk looking over maps and a group of soldiers sitting at desk typing on laptops.
The kids looked at each other confused.
“Ok,” Kyle said “So, where’s are our parents?”
The General stood up from desks and looked down towards the kids. “Solider 45 are these the children we have been looking for?”
Officer Reed looked at the General “Yes sir, these are the kids. I knew they would go to the police station after kidnapping their families. After talking to them I’ve learned they know about the grey aliens plan to attack”.
Bobby looked over to officer Reed “Why did he call you solider 45? You’re an officer in our town. What does he mean about kidnapping are families? Where are our families anyways, I don’t see them in here?”
The General looked down to Bobby “Your family members are safe, you’ll be seeing them soon. What I want to know is what do you know about the alien plan of attack? How did you find out about it?”
Sam quickly answered “We were hiding in the forest during the night and saw you talking with the aliens after there ship landed. Now, where are our parents?”
Timmy nodded in agreement “We thought you were going to let the aliens destroy our town and you were going to collect the weapons from them to make your army stronger”
The General looked at Timmy and laughed a little “Let the aliens attack your town? Were did you get that idea? I would never let aliens attack this or any town. The whole reason why we exist is to take out the aliens and scare them off this planet forever. Our scientists believe the aliens are friendly, but I’ve always known the truth. The aliens want to take over this planet. We the military are the good guys in all this. Where not the evil ones wanting to take out all life on earth like they do, we want everyone on earth to feel safe. Today is the day we make the world secure. Were going to bring down the smaller alien ships and then go after the mother ship itself.”
Bobby looked at the General “There’s more then one alien ship? We only saw one in the forest”
The General nodded “There are countless smaller ships flying around in your skies, big enough for three aliens to be inside of, but there’s a ship out there as large as your town”
The kids looked at each other in amazement and nearly fell back in shock.
Timmy yelled out “The size of our town? Impossible. I’ve never seen anything that size above our town”
“Its massive to say the least.” The General said “All the smaller ships come and go from it. Much like how an aircraft carrier can hold many fighter jets.”
“A mother ship? This is getter wilder by the minute” Timmy said. He turned to Sam “There’s so much more to this then we could have imagined”
Sam looked back to him just as speechless. He then turned to the General. “Why can’t we see it? Something that size can’t hide behind a cloud like they do in the movies”
The General placed his hands on his hips “The aliens figured out a long time ago how to cloak and hide their ships in plain sight. They do so by reflecting light away. You could be looking right at the mother ship and not even know it. Much like you’d see in a science fiction movie where a spaceship turns invisible, but this time, its real. They could be hovering over a major city and no one would ever know”
Bobby’s eyes lit up, he couldn’t believe what he read about for so long in comic books could actually be real.
“We learned a long time ago we can’t shoot down their ships with modern weapons. We tired, but there ships just absorb our bullets and missiles. It’s like shooting bullets into jelly. However, their jelly is an invisible wall that surrounds their ships. That’s why we’ll be using two new types of guns in today’s battle. The first gun will shoot an energy beam that will turn off their cloaking device making them visible to humans. The second gun will knock out the power to their ships, causing them to come crashing down. The mother ship will be taken out with the supergun. Does the same thing but on a much larger scale. The bigger the ship the bigger the gun” He walked around the room with his hands on his hips. “You see kids the aliens have been visiting us for a long time. I don’t mean decades, I mean for thousands of years. They’ve been above this town for weeks now, watching all of you”
The kids all looked at each other in amazement.
“Watching us?” Timmy called out “that’s impossible, we would’ve known”
“Even the ancient Egyptians, thousands of years ago didn’t know they were being watched. They would look up into the sky and only see the blue atmosphere, nothing else, even when the alien mother ship was right above their pyramids. Over the course of a few hundred years before the first pyramid was built aliens had met with a select few ancient Egyptians, just like how the aliens meet with our scientists today. You might ask yourself, did every ancient Egyptian know about aliens? No, just like how the vast majority of people on earth today don’t know. The aliens only meet with a few intelligent people and hand them information that will lead to a smarter society. They don’t tell us how to live they just give us the door, its up to us to walk through. What we learn from the information delivered to us is up to us. Our scientists while talking with the aliens in the past few years found out they visited the ancient Egyptians thousands of years ago and gave their scientists knowledge on how to temporary take away the weight of a heavy stone, making it weight nothing. Millions of years ago aliens figured out gravity has weight. Much like how kids in school are taught that air and helium have different weight. Helium is lighter then air, so it rises. A balloon with helium will float upwards in the air. The gravity on planets larger then earth is stronger. Take Jupiter for example, its gravity is much stronger then earths, where as the gravity on mercury is lighter because the planet is smaller. The aliens figured out how to create an invisible barrier around a heavy object like a rock and make the gravity lighter. Therefore the rock will weight less. Making it possible for a human to lift it. The aliens did not tell the Egyptians to build the pyramids, they chose to. The aliens only gave them the knowledge, what they did with the knowledge was up to them. The majority of ancient Egyptians workers didn’t even know they were using alien knowledge when constructing the pyramids. Only a very few knew the real truth, and they kept the secrets to themselves. They were a society onto themselves, the first cornerstone of every secret society, much like how today’s scientists keep their secrets about aliens to themselves. Why, you might ask? Well, our scientists feel the same way as the Egyptian scientists did thousands of years ago. They’re not sure how the public would react to information about alien existence. Some dumb people might panic. They could even riot out of fear. Not everyone on this planet is smart and some dumb people carry weapons.”
“But we thought you wanted their weapons for your own army?” Kyle said
The General shook his head “We don’t want their weapons, we just want them off this planet”
Sam looked at the General “But why are they wanting to invade our town?”
“Invade your town? No, they want to invade the world. They will start here and then move out. They’re looking to take over the whole planet”
The kids looked at each other in shock.
The General looked at a map of the world on his desk. “There’s one thing I’ve figured out over the years, aliens are a threat to us. They are outsiders who cannot be trusted. Throughout the history of mankind whenever a culture discovers a new culture, the weaker culture gets wiped out. Well, we humans are the weaker culture when compared to the grey alien. Just like how the Europeans wiped out the native Indians in the Americas because they wanted their land. Soon the greys will want our land and get rid of us. They have the knowledge on how to destroy everything we hold dear. In my heart I know these outsiders threaten our world security. They will threaten the very roots of our beliefs and innocence’s. We need to think about our children and protect them, not just today, but forever. We need to ask ourselves, what are the alien’s true intentions? Sure, they act innocent, but are they? Over the decades they have shown no signs of aggression or violence, but I know it’s all a cover up. They want us to think there non-aggressive. Our scientists who’ve been talking with the aliens for decades have been saying the aliens mean us no harm, but hearing that tells me one thing.” he paused for a moment “The scientists have been brain washed, suckered in by the alien lies. Over time aliens have given humans things like fire, metal, iron, plastic. In the last few decades they’ve given us the laser, rocket and stealth technology, microwaves, advancements in computers with the circuit board. They even gave us Velcro of all things, but it’s all just an act. Making us believe they care” He paused “Can we trust them? You need to ask yourself one question. How did the dinosaurs die off? Could the aliens have had something to do with it? Maybe they arrived millions of years ago. Looked around, saw the dinosaurs and decided they had to go, replace them with something else, humans. We were told a meteorite took them out, but what if it were an alien weapon? What if one day the aliens grow tired of us, and replace us with some other life form. Will they wipe us out with a weapon so powerful it could end all life on earth in one shot? Look at the asteroid belt between mars and Jupiter. Was that a planet at one point? A planet with life in which the grey aliens blew up? Could that happen here on earth? What then? Who will stop them? They haven’t fooled me. I know what there up to. They want us to put our guard down, then they’ll attack. Steal earths natural resources and in slave mankind. I bet they do it all over the universe.” He stopped speaking and walked over to solider 45 “Think of all the nice innocent people in the past who have been abducted. Solider 45 was one of those victims, adducted as a child while fishing with his father. Poor guy, his father was never the same afterwards. Always nervous they would come back and take his child away forever. Now he’s with us, fighting back. After I heard his story it only reinforced my belief these aliens were up to no good.”
Solider 45 nodded. “After today, they’ll all be gone. Time for revenge, on behalf of everyone who’s ever been abducted.”
The General agreed “A few decades ago the grey aliens crashed landed a UFO in the desert. The military took the UFO to a secret hanger. Told the world a lie, said it was weather balloon. There was no way we where going to tell the truth. A few weeks’ later lights were seen over major cities. Causing a panic in the highest levels of the military. Apparently new flying saucers arrived looking for the one that crashed. Well, we had it locked up in a hanger. The military ended up having a secret meeting with the aliens out in the desert, away from the public. That’s when we saw them up close as a group. We saw how short they where, their grey skin and their big black oval shaped eyes. They told us they came in peace. They didn’t speak with their mouths. They spoke through there minds. You can hear them in your head. They would stare at you; lock their eyes onto yours. You became oblivious to everything around you. You could hear your own voice in your head, but it was their words. The government made a deal with the aliens. The aliens would not fly over major cities and cause a panic and we wouldn’t try shooting them down.
Over the next few decades’ average people were seeing UFOs over farmlands, oceans, deserts, mountains, small towns. People started reporting abductions. Some even claimed they where taken back to the alien’s home planet. We knew most of the reports were completely false, but some of the people’s description of the inside of the saucers were right on the money, far to accurate to be made up. We even heard a story of five lumberjacks out in the woods one night. They spotted a white light and one of the men got out of the truck to investigated it. He stood under the light only to be somehow frozen by it, unable to move. His buddies took off, leaving him behind. He found himself on board the ship itself. The description he gave of the ship and aliens was far too accurate to be faked. We needed to know how many of the sightings were real. We couldn’t risk it. We created a program called project blue book. We were beyond the government. No politician had any idea of what we were doing. No one in the media ever caught on, we where never voted into office by the public. Everyone around the world was in the dark when it came to us. We investigated all clams. No matter how silly, we looked into them. The majority of claims turned out to be sightings of stars, airplanes, or top-secret spy planes being tested at night out in the desert, but some sightings were truly alien. We needed those witnesses silenced. We couldn’t risk having the truth come out. However, some stories are too big to be kept hidden. You can only cover up the truth for so long, before someone starts asking questions. It was our job to cover up the real sightings any way we could. Even if it meant making the witnesses look crazy. Were the people claiming to see UFOs sane? Yes. Were they truly seeing a UFO? Yes, but we couldn’t have the public knowing the truth. So we turned the public against them, laughed at them. We flooded the media with ridiculous, made up stories of UFO sightings, crop circles and alien abductions so the public would laugh at the whole idea of aliens in its entirety. So, when someone really did tell the truth, there story would be lost in a world of lies, making them look crazy. After awhile the public got so sick and tired of bizarre, silly stories of aliens and UFOs they just walked away from all of it. In the end the vast majority of people who saw a UFO were to afraid to go public out of fear of being laughed at. We even hired actors who would write books and appear on talk shows pretending to speak out against us, demanding the truth. The pubic would cheer these people on. Believing they was on there side, having no idea they worked for us the whole time. Some of the most famous conspiracy theorists on the radio today work for us, leading the public away from the truth. They demand answers and we feed them lies, the whole time the public believes it to be true. It was necessary to keep the public away from the true location of the aliens and the saucers. We even made up a complete lie about a place called area 51. The public to this day believes aliens are kept there, a great cover up. The public has no idea it’s a complete lie. Empty buildings, with security guards patrolling the area making conspiracy theorist think were hiding something. If we really were hiding something as important as aliens at area 51, trust me the public would never know the location. The very idea of the location being said on a TV show should be the first tip off that’s it’s a lie. There’s no way the public will ever find out the true location. We’ve written countless books with false information about aliens and UFO sightings over the decades. Making it look as if dedicated UFO researchers wrote them after years of study with insiders information. Of course all the information is made up, there’s no way we want the truth to be told. We created TV shows looking as though produced by anti-government conspiracy theorists who wanted the truth about aliens be revealed. We even created a TV show about alien autopsies. We thought at the time we went overboard with that one, however the public accepted it. We’ve flooded the Internet with countless fake videos of UFOs flying around, just incase one day real footage of a UFO ever makes its way on to the internet, the public wouldn’t know which ones to believe or laugh at. Some of the footage we put on there was down right laughable with toy UFOs on a string. Other videos were very well made, could fool anyone. After awhile viewers would just give up in frustration trying to make sense of it all. They won’t know if the footage is truly real or made up. It’s our goal to put doubt in the minds of all humans about alien and any evidence. We’ve succeeded. Now no matter what evidence comes forward. No matter how real it looks, the public will question it. One day someone well capture amazing footage of a UFO, but they will never come forward with it. They’ll be too afraid of being laughed at. We have turned the public perception against UFO hunters. Made them look crazy. The public will never believe in UFOs because they’re afraid of the ridicule. The public believes UFO hunters are nuts. Are they? No, not really. They really are looking for something that’s real, but we can’t let them find it. We need to turn the public against them. Stop them from coming forward out of fear of being mocked. Crop circles were a completely different story. After the first crop circle appeared we just about panicked trying to figure out where it came from. Even we didn’t know if it were faked or alien made. However our real problem was the public; they started believing they where real. Well, we couldn’t have that. We needed to change the public perception of crop circles right away. We knew we couldn’t cover them up, so we started creating countless crop circles everywhere you could look. At first we made a few images that might’ve fooled people into thinking they were alien made, but over a few years the images started becoming more and more silly, until the public couldn’t help but laugh. So now when the people sees a crop circle they just look away without giving it another though. So, if the crop circles are real, the aliens are wasting there time. No one cares. We even succeeded in scaring the main stream media from talking about UFOs out of fear the public would laugh and turn the station. No one in the mainstream media will ever do a real story on UFO sightings no matter how authentic the footage. They’re simply too sacred of losing ratings. If they do a report, it happens in the last five minutes of they’re broadcast, at the time when they report on the lighthearted, humorous news and the anchorman has a smile while reading the story. As if he’s saying to the public, please don’t take this seriously. He would never have such a smile while reporting on a war or political scandal. Its as if the anchorman himself is afraid that if he reports the UFO sighting with seriousness the public will laugh at him. So he gives a little smile and laugh while mentioning the UFO sightings and quickly ends the show. In the end the only place the public can go to tell their story are the tabloids, newspapers that are secretly run by us. They exist so we can monitor every UFO story. Instead of us chasing down the stories throughout the world, UFO witnesses now comes to us. Project Blue Book still exists, but we don’t hide it anymore. We’ve made it public. The public reads the tabloids and laugh, but if they only knew the truth.” He stopped at his desk and picked up the latest issue of a tabloid, on the front cover was a photo of a UFO over a farmer’s field. Underneath it was a black and white photo of a boy who looked like a bat. “The whole time we were doing all this I was in charge of a secret operation to find weakness in the alien armor. The aliens are thousands of years ahead of us. Their ship looks simple in its design, but behind the simplicity is a complexity we can’t even begin to question. Over ninety percent of how their ship works is still a mystery, but we did find out one thing. We figured out how to shut of the power, which we used to our advantage. A year ago we found out what town they where planning there invasion from. This town called Springbrook Gardens, on this very weekend. Why this town? I don’t know, but this is the place were the aliens want to start the war with the whole planet. They will start here and then move out, but that won’t happen. This is the town were we make our stand. The aliens think they can destroy the earth, well that’s not going to happen. We have secret weapons to use against them. We’ve built guns that will turn off their camouflage to their smaller ships making them visible in the sky and bring them down to the earth by knocking out the power. Then we will bring out the supergun to focus all of its power on the mother ship. First we’ll make it visible and then bring it crashing down to the earth. We’ll show them whose boss. Scare them off and send them back to their world. Let them know this planet will never be enslaved.”
Bobby turned to Kyle “At least we now know the military will fight them off and save the earth”
Timmy spoke up “And where do you plan on bringing the mother ship down? In the desert, over water?”
“We can’t bring the ship down over water, the gun is too heavy to transport on a boat. We need stable ground. We can’t risk having the media finding out about this, so it can’t be done near a major city. It has to be secret. We will have to bring the ship down, here.”
“Wait.” Sam said “You can’t bring the ship down here, it will crush our town.”
The General nodded “Yes the mother ship will come crashing down on your town. It looks as though your town will be destroyed, but I’m okay with that. The people who live here will make the greatest sacrifice. They will go down in history. The towns name will be remember forever. It’s something to be proud of. My soldiers and I will be in the town as well. We to are ready to make the greatest sacrifice as well.”
“This is nuts” Timmy yelled out. “Destroy our town, no way”
Kyle looked over to Sam “Looks like our town is in danger from two fronts, the invading aliens and the military. Whichever side wins, the town looses. We need save our town.”
The General looked over to Kyle “I know how you feel son. I don’t like the idea of losing this entire town, but the aliens want to destroy the earth. By losing this small town we save seven billion people. This can’t be stopped. The aliens are getting ready to attack soon, we need to roll into town right away and fire upon them before they strike first. By us hitting them now, we catch them off guard”
Bobby looked to the General “Maybe we can talk to them. Stop them from attacking. Let them know you have this firepower and tell them to leave or you will use it ”
The General disagreed “If you warn them, the aliens will leave, but not for good. We won’t know were or when they will come back. It might be years or decades before they return, but they will. We can’t risk it. Losing the town is a lost we will have to take. Sorry kids, my fight is with the evil aliens, not humans, but I can’t risk having anything get in the way of my mission. I have no time to waste. I need to head into town where I am the guest of honor at the variety talent show. Halfway through the show the military will pull into town and I will take my place on my jeep and lead the attack”. The General turned to the soldiers in the room “Guards take them away”
The kids quickly looked at one another in disbelief and then back to the General.
“It can’t be this way” Kyle yelled, “We can’t just let the town be destroyed. We need to think of something better”
The soldiers in bright sliver uniforms moved towards the kids and marched them outside the tent. They walked out into the sun and were lead towards the holding cell looking at each other worried and stressed. The dense forest to their left and highway on the other side and the sound of gravel crunching under their feet. None of them could believe what they just heard. It felt like a dream. They walked in silence, as they were lead forward.
Timmy looked over at the soldiers getting the jeeps ready, the clanging away of work tools. It looked like they were prepared for massive war, however this would be a different type of war. The likes the world had never seen before. Soon the jeeps would roll out and head down Forest Road straight into town. Now he understood why the guns looked so different then any he had seen before. He now knew they were not going to fire bullets; instead they were going to be used to turn off the cloaking device on the saucers and shut off all power. The massive supergun would then be rolled into town to fire upon the mother ship and the little saucers won’t be able to stop them. He looked over his shoulder and saw the supergun “Look at that thing. It has to be two blocks long,” he whispered to himself.
The other boys looked back and were just as amazed.
“We need to stop this war before it begins” Bobby whispered as he walked along “We need to figure something out”
The others nodded. They all knew what was on the line.
They were escorted towards the one story holding cell building close to the forest. Sam looked the place over. The walls of the building were bear of any color. It looked like it was assembled it a few days ago. The bars on the window and only one door. Getting out wasn’t going to be easy.
They heard a vehicle driving along and looked over their shoulders and noticed a jeep pulling up in front of the General’s tent. After the General got inside it headed off onto the highway.
One of the soldiers standing next to the kids stepped forward and approached the front door of the holding cell and pulled it open. The kids where lead inside.
Kyle looked around the place as he walked in. It lacked color, bright lights where on the ceiling, lighting the place up. Cells lined both sides of the long hallway.
The guards marched them down the hall.
The kids looked to their left at the last cell and noticed their families inside.
“Mom, dad” all four of them call out and ran down the hall and stood at the cell door.
Timmy noticed his sister and Kyle’s brother in the cell as well.
They also noticed the band Fly by Night and their manager in a cell across from their parents.
“Where were you all night?” Timmy’s mom called out as she moved towards the front of the cell “We were so worried about you”.
“We were being chased by men in black cars” Timmy called out has he placed his hands on the bars.
“Men in black?” Timmy’s dad said in shock “We had black cars come to the house yesterday night. Men in black suits came to our door, they told us you were in danger. They said we should go with them to find you. They brought us here and locked us up. They wouldn’t tell us anything.”
The soldiers stepped in-between them unlocked the cell door as the kids ran in and hugged their parents as the door was closed behind them.
Sam’s father looked at the guards “Where’s the General” He demanded, “ I want out of here. Why were we brought here in the first place? And now are children are here, this isn’t right. I want answers. We were worried for our children for the longest time”
The solider walked back down the hallway without saying a word.
“Hey, solider I’m talking to you, bring the General to me. I have something to say to him” Sam’s father called out. “I want him to explain to us why were locked up”
The solider walked out of the building and closed the main doors behind him.
Bobby’s mother hugged her son “Everything will be alright as long as you are safe.”
Bobby pulled away “But were not safe, the military plains on bringing down the mother ship on our town. Everything will be crushed, there will be nothing left”
“What are you talking about?” his mother asked while reaching for him “Is this one of your comic books?”
Bobby felt frustrated “No this is real”
Kyle answered, “He’s right, the truth is aliens are planning an invasion. They’re going to start right here in our town and spread out, The General has a powerful weapon that will stop the aliens, but it means crashing a huge mother ship right on top if our town”
Timmy’s father called out “This is crazy talk. We all know aliens don’t exist.”
Sam’s father agreed, “We need to stop talking about aliens and start talking about the truth”
Kyle’s brother laughed, “Still believing in aliens, what a waste of time,” he laughed to himself.
Timmy’s father looked at his son “Clearly something else is going on here, and it’s not alien related. Now, I don’t want to hear anymore talk about aliens. I will speak to the General calmly and get to the bottom if this silliness and he will let us go”
Sam mother looked at her son “Where did you get such an idea from? Talking about aliens”
Timmy’s sister looked at the color of her fingernails while chewing bubble gum “All this talk of aliens is boring me”
Sam turned to Timmy “Looks like were not going to be convincing our parents anytime soon with the truth”
Timmy nodded “They could have an alien walk right up to them and they still wouldn’t believe. Looks like we have to solve this problem ourselves.”
Sam turned to the other boys “Try to look the cell over and see if there’s anyway out”
The three others nodded and moved about the cell trying to find any weakness. They tired pulling on the bars and tried climbing up to the small window. It was to high up and covered with metal bars.
Kyle’s brother laughed to himself as he watched the kids’ waste there time.
A few moments later they were back standing in the middle of the cell.
“That produced nothing” Sam said.
The kids’ felt depressed and stood around for the longest time trying to think of a way to get out. They had to listen to there parents chatting away to each other about why they where being held.
Bobby leaned against the cell wall. “Looks like our town is going to be destroyed and there’s nothing we can do to stop it”
Kyle looked at the others “We can’t give up. Hero’s in action movies never give up, they always find a way out”
“But how?” Timmy asked “Its not like someone is going to walk through the front door of this building and let us out of this cell.”
They heard the front door opening and they all turned and looked in surprise as they watched Charles King quietly sneak inside.
Bobby pointed at him as he looked over to Sam “Hey it’s the reporter from the newspaper. What on earth are you doing here?”
Sam shook his head in wonder not having a clue.
Charles quickly made his way down the corridor and over to the cell door. The cry wolves’ kids and their parents quickly moved towards him.
“Why are you here? Thought you’d be in town covering the variety show” Sam asked.
“Lets just say I was on an assignment. I came down here for pictures and stumbled across something bigger”
Kyle looked confused “How are you able to move around without any of the guards catching you? There’s a ton of security guards walking around”
Charles laughed a little “I have my ways of not being seen. Even when they’ve caught me, I was still able to get away. Enough about me, it’s time to get you guys out of that cell” He took out a little kit and pulled out two thin black wires and started to pick the lock.
“Cool” Bobby said, “He knows how to picks locks like in the movies”
Kyle agreed “I saw something like this on the Internet”
Bobby looked over to the band Fly by Night “How did you end up in here?”
The lead singer answered, “Dude, we were like driving along or something in our limo on the highway when like, army trucks pulled us over. They asked us how we got passed the security gate leading onto Forest Road”
“How did you?” Sam asked.
The bass player answered “Our manager moved the hole gate to the side, all by herself. Dude it was cool to see, nothing can stop her.”
The drummer spoke up “So like the army dude was saying to us, like did you see anything in the forest? And we were like no way, then we remembered what you said about aliens and we like joked around saying we saw aliens out there. So they like brought us here to this cell”
The bass player spoke “We tried telling them it was only a joke dude, but they wouldn’t have it. They said we would be held until later. Like when will that be?”
A few seconds later the door unlocked and Charles pulled the door open.
The kids were about to run out when Sam’s father stopped them “Where did you learn to pick a lock like that? You’re just a reporter for the paper. It takes great skill to pick a cell door lock”
Charles smiled “Lets say I have some skills most don’t know about”
Kyle’s father stepped forward “Hold on kids, this is no game. We need to stay here. The General will come by and we will have a proper discussion with him. Then we will be set free. We cannot provoke this by escaping”
Kyle shook his head “There’s no time to stand around, we need to save the town. The aliens are going to attack”
“Now son, I don’t know why you keep going on about aliens.”
Kyle’s mother spoke “I don’t like the idea of us going out there where we can get hurt”
Kyle looked at his “We need to head out. There is no time to waste”
Kyle father spoke “I think you need to listen to your mother son and stay here”
Charles looked at Kyle dad “Your son is right. We all need to move quickly. Its very important we leave this cell and get out of here”
Kyle’s dad looked to Charles “Hold on now, we can’t send the kids into danger. Its important that they stay in here where its safe.”
“But were not safe” Sam called out. “The town will be lost, if we stay here”
“Why do you keep going on about the town being lost?” Sam’s mother said, “The town isn’t going anywhere, especially because of your silly story of aliens. We need to stay in the cell until the comes in here to talk. Then we can have everything explained to us”
Bobby spoke up “The General isn’t walking in here. The mother ship will crash on the town and destroy everything”
“This is crazy talk” Bobby’s father said frustrated.
“But is all real. We need to act now,” Timmy said.
“We will stay here, were its safe. If there is a problem, let the army save the day” Sam’s mother said.
Bobby’s father spoke up “If you kids want to run around thinking this is one of your comic books games, we’re not going to chase after you. You won’t get more then two feet out there before they catch you and bring you back here, for your safety. The guards won’t let you run around out there playing your little games of aliens attacking”
Kyle’s brother leaned back leaning against the wall of the cell “No way am I going out there. Any talk of aliens. I’m not getting involved. The town can save itself. I don’t want to get hurt.”
Timmy’s sister agreed, “I don’t want to break a nail, helping people I don’t do”
Sam turned to Timmy “Having our families in here is a better idea. With our family in this cell, they will be safe from the war going on in town. That way, we don’t have to worry about them getting hurt as we try to solve the problem”
“Good point” Timmy said to the others “They should stay here, its safer”
Kyle and Bobby both nodded and agreed.
Timmy’s father spoke up “And you should stay here as well”
Timmy looked at the parents “I know you won’t be happy with us, but we have a world to save” he turned and looked at the other boys “We need to make a run for it now”
The three kids quickly agreed and turned and ran out the cell door passing by Charles.
Their parents all looked at their kids and then each other in shock.
Sam’s mother was stunned “I can’t believe they really are leaving. I thought they would stay here with us.”
Sam father called out as the kids left the cell. “Now kids you have to come back here now, or the General will get mad. I will talk with the General and have all this sorted out, but we can’t have you running around out there.”
Bobby’s father went back to the chair and sat down “Let the kids run. The General will bring them right back here in a minute, when they’re caught.”
Sam’s father looked over to him “Well, I want to talk to the General right now. I don’t like the idea of being held up in here”
The kids’ parents all started talking to each other at once.
Sam turned to the other kids “Now is the best time”
The kids ran down the hall with Charles following towards the front door.

Timmy slowly pushed opened the front door and peaked out. He could see the jeeps and armored vehicles in a row, running. The drivers standing close to they’re vehicles waiting for the signal to head out. He knew the General was already in town.
He looked back over his shoulder “There getting ready to head out any second” he whispered as he kept his voice and head down. “The war is going to start soon, I don’t think we can stop all the trucks”
Charles peaked through the door. He moved back as Timmy slowly closed the door.
They all looked at Charles.
“We will sneak out of here and quietly head for cover in the forest away from the military base so no one will see us” Charles whispered.
“I like that idea, anything that gets us away from this holding cell” Bobby said. “Can’t do anything in here”
Charles nodded “Then when the time is right we’ll head down and get into the police car that brought you here. I’ll drive it into town with you kids in the back. Once in town we’ll warn everyone to get out”
The other kids nodded.
Timmy leaned forward again and slowly pushed the door opened. He looked for any soldiers walking by. Making sure no one was coming his way. When he was sure the coast was clear he gave the signal and they slowly moved out one by one, staying low. Without making a sound they moved along the front of the building until they reached the corner.
Bobby glanced over to the soldiers who were getting their gear ready for combat. None of them noticed the kids sneaking out.
Timmy reached the corner of the building and looked down the side and saw no one around. He looked over his shoulder to the others and nodded. They stayed low and quietly moved along the side the building until they reached the edge of the forest. One by one they checked to make sure no one was watching and ran up the side of the hill and hid behind large rocks. They were completely covered by trees and dense bushes around them. They knew they couldn’t be seen; in fact it was hard for them to see the complex from the branches and leaves.
Timmy peaked out from behind the rock and pointed to the supergun. “Look at that. It’s huge. I thought it was big the fist time I saw it. Now that I’m up higher it looks like a monster”
Charles pointed out the police car parked by the main tent. The kids locked their eyes on it as well. “There’s the police car we need to get inside of. We’ll wait up here for a moment until the solider in charge calls all the other soldiers to the main tent for final instructions before heading out into town. When the soldiers have moved away and there’s a clear path, we’ll run down the hill, get inside and head back to town”
The other kids quickly nodded.
“Good idea.” Bobby said “The faster we warn people, the better, we have no idea when the aliens are planning their invasion”
Kyle looked over to Charles “But how are you going to successfully warn everyone in town to a point where they will believe? No one will believe anything about aliens”
Charles answered “We’ll tell them the pesticides from the forest dusting yesterday night is making its way into town”
Timmy agreed, “Yes, that would work better. Then again anything will work better then telling them aliens are about to invade” he had to lean on the rock; they were on a steep angle while hiding on the hill. If the rock wasn’t there, they all might’ve slid down the hill.
A few minutes later Sam peaked out from behind the rock and quickly pointed to the main tent. “Look someone is coming out, he might be the guy in charge while the General is in town”
The other kids peaked out and looked down. Each one feeling nervous, knowing this could be the time to run down the hill.
“Stay low” Charles whispered, “Lets wait until he calls everyone over to him for one final debriefing. We need a clear path from the bottom of the hill towards the car”
The kids leaned back and watched as the solider by the tent looked over his paperwork and talked to a couple of soldiers standing next to him. He then took a few steps away from the tent and in a loud voice called the soldiers over to him.
The well trained soldiers standing by the vehicles throughout the complex moved like lighting towards him and stood in lines, row by row. Something they had practice a million times before.
Timmy noticed no one was no longer standing anywhere by the police car. He looked over to the others and realized they noticed it to. He felt his heart racing. Now would be a perfect time to run down.
The four boys waited for Charles to give them a single. They knew they only had one shot at this.
Charles peaked out over the large rock, looked to the kids and nodded.
The kids didn’t have to be told twice, they knew what had to be done. They stood up from behind the rock and quickly made their way down the hill while staying low. They made sure not to make any noise. None of them spoke and they tired not to let rocks come loose and roll down, giving away there location. They had to push branches out there face as they slid down more then ran. When they reached the bottom they gathered behind the holding cell building. They looked at each other and all nodded at once. They wasted no time running as fast as they could across the dirt Headed straight for the police car. They passed by the soldiers who gathered for there debriefing a few yards away.
Some of the soldiers standing by the main tent looked over and noticed the kids running by and pointed them out in shock. Some of them had to do a double take being so caught of guard by seeing a group of kids running around a military complex.
The kids quickly reached the police car as Bobby and Kyle opened the door and jumped into the backseat.
Charles opened the front door and started to hot-wire it.
Timmy was in a panic and looked over his shoulder and noticed a large number of soldiers coming towards them. His heart skipped a beat “Guys, looks like we got company” he yelled out.
Charles stood up after the car started up and turned to Sam and Timmy who was to his left “Get in”
Timmy stepped by Charles and dove headfirst into the front seat. Landing with his feet facing upwards and his face near the gas petal.
Charles turned to Sam. “You need to get in, before they grab us”
Timmy quickly scrambled upwards in the seat as his elbow knocked the car into gear; he sat up straight and saw the soldiers approaching. Without realizing in a panic he stepped on the gas petal. The car shot backwards.
Sam and Charles jumped back from the moving car with the driver side door still open.
Sam watched the police car take off with Timmy in the driver seat with a panicked look in his eyes. He looked over his shoulder at the soldiers who were closing in. He looked back to Charles “We need to get out of here. The car is gone”
“Head for the hills” Charles yelled out.
They took off running back towards the forest as half the soldiers followed behind. The other half took off running towards the police car.
Timmy held onto the steering wheel with both hands and was freaking out, unaware his foot was on the gas petal as the car continued to shoot backwards over the dirt and onto the highway.
Kyle looked out the back window and saw the metal guardrail getting closer with each passing second. “We’re going to crash” Kyle yelled out and closed his eyes.
Timmy frozen with fear, his eyes wide, screaming out as he held the steering wheel with both hands and turned the wheel to the right as hard as he could. His foot pushing the gas petal down all the way. The car spun around in circles, causing Bobby and Kyle to be thrown around in the backseat like rag dolls. By the time Timmy stopped spinning the car Bobby was upside down with his feet sticking up in the air feeling dizzy.
“That was close” Kyle called out.
“How close was I to the rail?” He looked over his shoulder out the back window and without realizing it straighten his left leg out and pushed the gas petal down. The car fired backwards again as they all screamed.
Bobby looked out the window and saw the guardrail getting closer again. “Timmy, hit the breaks” he yelled out.
“Where are the breaks?” Timmy called out in a panic.
“Same place as a go-cart” Kyle answered from the back seat.
“Oh yeah” Timmy said. He slammed his foot down on the breaks.
When the car stopped Bobby looked out the window and noticed they were an inch from the guardrail.
“Now what?” Timmy called out.
Kyle pointed towards the forest “We need to go back and pick up Sam and Charles. Charles is the only one who can drive this car”
“I can’t see them anywhere. Maybe the soldiers got them,” Timmy yelled out “All I see are a row of army jeeps and a bunch of soldiers now running towards us, but not Sam or Charles”
“They must’ve taken off back into the forest,” Kyle said.
“We can’t leave without them,” Timmy said in a panic.
Bobby looked out the window then back to Timmy “The soldiers are getting really close to this car. Make up your mind on what you’re going to do”
“We don’t need Charles to drive this car” Kyle called out “You know how to drive. You’ve driven a go-cart”
“What?” Timmy yelled out “A go-cart? There’s a big difference in a go-cart and a real car on a highway”
Bobby saw the soldiers a few feet from the police car “Hey guys,” he said in a panic “We need to leave now. Their just a few feet away from us”
“What do I do? How do I make it move?” Timmy yelled out.
“Put into gear” Kyle said, “I see my parents do that all the time”
“Which gear?” Timmy asked in an alarm as he looked at the dashboard. “There’s a whole bunch to choose from”
“Try the D for drive. I hope that works” Kyle said.
“What about the R for run?” Timmy asked.
“No way” Bobby said, “That means reverse. It will send us through the guardrail and onto the train tracks. Put into D for drive and be quick the soldiers are really close”

Officer Reed came walking out of the main tent talking to solider 12 next to him. “The General wants everyone to move out now and head into town, when we arrive the General will come out of the assembly hall and join us…..” He abruptly stopped talking and looked up and noticed chaos everywhere. Instead of having soldiers standing in line at attention, some of them where chasing two people into the forest as others where chasing an out of control police car being driven by a kid, “What on earth is going on out here? Whys are a group soldiers chasing the police car with kids inside? And how did those little pesky kids escape from the jail cell? I don’t believe it” he turned back to Solider 12. “I’m going after those kids to bring them back here. You go ahead with the departing of the vehicles into town.”
“Yes sir” solider 12 turned away and started giving out orders for all the other soldiers to get into there vehicles.
Officer Reed ran over to a black car with tinted windows. He got inside and fired it up.
Timmy put the car into gear just as one of the soldiers was a foot away from the driver’s side door. Timmy could see the soldier’s eyes and screamed out as he stepped on the gas petal. The car took off like a bullet down the middle of the highway. Timmy continued to scream in panic as he tried controlling the car as it shot left and right from lane to lane, taking up the whole highway. His eyes were wide with fear, his elbows locked straight as he could barley see over the dashboard. Kyle and Bobby were screaming in fear in the back seat; convinced there lives were going to end right they’re on the highway.
The black car moved in behind them, gaining on them in lighting speed.
Bobby looked out the back window “Guys, it looks as though someone is coming after us. It looks to be the Officer Reed. I think he wants his car back”
“We need to get out of here,” Kyle yelled out as he looked out the back window as well.
Timmy tried to claim himself down. He straighten the steering wheel and got the car to go forward. He had both hands on the wheel and could barley see over the dashboard at the road ahead. He looked in the rearview mirror and saw the headlights of the black car looking like eyes bearing down. He pushed the gas petal down and the car sped up.
The police car roared down the highway with the black car right behind. The trees on the left flew by one after another in a blur.
The black car tried to pull up along side, but Timmy swerved the car back and forth, not to block the black car, but because he couldn’t control it.
Kyle pointed ahead to the left, “There’s the cut off to Forest Road” he yelled out. “Don’t miss it, we won’t be able to turn around with him behind us”
Timmy tired to guess the right moment to turn. He missed calculated by a few seconds. He turned the steering wheel to the left and car fired to the side. Causes Bobby and Kyle to shoot to the right in the back seat falling onto each other. The car barley made it onto Forest Road just making the corner as dirt kicked into the air and the tires screeched. Timmy now race down Forest Road with the trees surrounding him on both sides.
Bobby looked back and noticed the black car failed to make the turn “Alright, I think we lost him. Your decision to turn onto Forest Road at the very last second fooled him. That was good thinking Timmy. Good plan”
Timmy looked around “Ah, what did I do?”
Bobby watched the black car slam on its breaks, fire in reverse and turned on to Forest Road. “Oh, not quite. You didn’t loose him”
The black car closed in again as the dense forest closed in around them.
It couldn’t pass as Timmy was all over the road. At one point Timmy almost shot the police car into the ditch causing him to scream out and pull the other way. He tired sitting up straight to see over the dashboard with both hands on the wheel pulling it left and right.
Bobby covered his eyes when the car fired to the left and pointed right at a tree. At the last moment Timmy pulled the car to the right. The tires screeched loudly. Bobby fell back over in the seat landing on Kyle who tired to push his off.
“Hey get off me,” Kyle said.
“Trying to, but were all over the place with Timmy’s driving” Bobby said. He sat up then fell back over again as the car moved quickly.
“I think I got the hang of it now.” Timmy yelled out “I think I know how to drive” the car swerved to the other side of the road, his foot down on the pedal. The car nearly spun in a circle as the kids screamed out “Well almost”
The black car took the opportunity and pulled up along side Timmy. Officer Reed signaled them to pull over by pointing to the side of the road.
Kyle looked over to him “I think he wants us to pull over,” he said as he tired to sit up straight and look out the window.
Timmy took his eyes off the road and looked out the window to his right and yelled out “I can’t pull over. I don’t know how to stop this car. I can just barely keep it straight, much less pull over. I don’t even know where the break is”
“Look were your going” Bobby screamed out as he pointed forward.
Timmy looked ahead and realized he was drifting to the left hand side towards a tree. He screamed out and pulled the wheel with both hands and the car shot to the right. It hit the black car sounding like thunder.
Officer Reed was caught off guard by the hit and couldn’t control his car. The front of the car shoot to the right and fired off the road into the forest. The front of the black car bounced up of a tree root and came slamming down on a massive fallen tree branch. The back end of the car was in the air with the wheels off the ground a few inches. Officer Reed tired stepping on the gas pedal, but the back tires spun around, unable to make any contact with the ground. The car wouldn’t move.
He opened the car door and stumbled out onto the ground. He looked at the back wheels and knew he was done. He stood up and looked back at Forest Road as the police car faded away.
Bobby watched the whole thing happen from the back window “Wow, what great driving Timmy. You should be a stunt driver. We lost him. He’s stuck back there. You have great timing. That was a great plan you came up with”
Timmy looked around confused “What did I do?” he looked around unaware of what just happened. “What happened to the black car? All I did was avoid hitting the tree you were screaming about”
Kyle looked back “Guess we don’t have to worry about that guy anymore. Now lets get to town and warn everyone”
“I just hope we can make it without Timmy crashing” Bobby said.
“You don’t have to worry, I’m pretty sure I think I got control of it” he said as he swayed back and forth over Forest Road.
“Is this how you drove the go-cart?” Bobby yelled out.
“No, the race track had safety barriers which I used a lot” Timmy answered.

Sam hid behind the rock next to Charles. They watched as the soldiers looking for them on the mountainside were called down and sent to their vehicles. Sam knew they were being called down because it was time for them to head into town.
They both watched as one by one the jeeps with the silver cannons mounted on the back, rolled out onto the highway heading toward Forest Road. The armored vehicles rolled out afterwards. The last thing to move was the massive supergun with the sun reflecting off of the metal. It started up slowly and picked up speed. It rumbled along the road as it moved along, sounding like thunder and looking like a demon with no eyes. A massive truck looking like a fright train engine was used to pull the supergun along.
Sam knew if the gun were successful at its mission his whole town would be wiped out.
Charles turned to Sam “Looks like only a few guards were left behind. The whole place is now quiet. We need to grab a car and chase after the supergun. Hopefully we can stop them before they bring down the mother ship.”
“I sure hope so. Pretty much everyone in Springbrook Gardens is in the town hall. If the mother ship comes down, we will loose everyone at once”
“Here’s the plan. You go down and distract the guards. I will free your parents. The guards will have their hands full trying to round them back up again. The whole time that’s happening, I’ll grab a car and we can get out of here”
Sam nodded “I like the idea, trust me my parents will be a massive nag to the soldiers, demanding to talk to the General” He got up from behind the rock and made his way down the hill.
He approached the holding cell from the side making sure no one could see him. He peaked around the corner and could now see two guards posted at the front door staring straight ahead. He moved forward and causally walked passed them a few yards away “Hi soldiers. How are you, nice day isn’t it?” he smiled and kept walking.
One of the soldiers was shocked to see a kid walking around the complex. He looked at the other solider and back at Sam. “Hey your not suppose to be here. Get back here” he yelled out.
The two guards took off after him as Sam darted around the side of the building and back up the hill into the forest. The soldiers followed behind. Sam knew how to move in the forest better then anyone. He spent his whole childhood playing in the forest.
Charles quietly made his way down the hill and over to the holding cell. He opened the main door and ran down the hall.
“What’s going on out there?” Sam’s father asked. We heard the loudest rumbling in here. Sounded like a large vehicle was moving. We want to talk to the General”
“And that you shall.” Charles started to pick the lock. A few seconds later the door open “Ok, if you want to talk to the General, you’ll have to come with me. The General is in his tent right now and he would like to answer all of your questions” he open the cell door all the way. “but he will only be there for a few minutes, so you’ll have to act quickly”
“Well it’s about time” Sam’s father said and they all walked out of the cell and down the hall.
“Just watch out for the two front guards out there. They don’t know you’re aloud to talk to the General, if you have any problems with them just let them know you’re aloud to and make your way over.” He turned to the Fly by Night music group in the other cell. “I can free you as well”
“No way man” the bass player said “Were working on a song called aliens in the sky”
The other members nodded.
The lead singer looked at the other band members “Who knew being locked in a cell would help our song writing. We should do this more often dude. Great way to focus”
The other band members agreed and went back to working on there melodies.

A minute later the two soldiers came walking back down the mountainside tired from all the running “I don’t know who that kid was, but he got away” Solider 31 said.
“If he comes back we’ll get him” solider 16 said, “I have to say. He moved fast in the forest.”
Solider 31 nodded “He’s just a kid wondering around, what can he do?”
As they approached the holding cell the front doors opened and out walked the cry wolves gang parents.
The soldiers looked at the group and were shocked to see them all outside the building’.
“What are you doing? How did you get out of your cell?” Solider 31 demanded.
Sam’s father approached one of the soldiers. “Sir, I want to talk to the General, I want to know what’s going on around here. I want answers. Can you take us over to see him now, he’s expecting us”
The other parents started approaching the soldiers as well demanding answers as the two soldiers tried to retain order and get them back into there cells. Bobby’s parents started walking towards the Generals main tent and the soldiers tried to go after them as Sam’s father continued to demanded answers.
Charles waited inside the building and peeked out the front door. He made sure the area was clear. When he knew the guards couldn’t see him he quietly slipped out the holding cells doors and made his way across the open field, over to a jeep and without drawing attention to himself climbed inside and started to hotwire it.
Sam watched Charles and knew he had to move. He silently slid down the side of the hill. He stayed low and made his way over to Charles. He climbed inside the passenger side. “I feel sorry for those soldiers, when my parents get going, it never ends. I’ve seen it happen at PTA meetings. Those soldiers will be there all night.”
“Well I’m just about done here.” Charles sat up in the driver side of the jeep. It started up and took off towards the highway.
In all the confusion with the parents chatting away the soldiers could just hear the sound of the jeep starting up and looked over to see what was happening
“Hey, what was that? What’s going on over there?” Soldier 31 said. Before he could take a step forward to find out what it was, the parents stood in front of them and continued to demand to see the General. The soldier couldn’t move an inch much less find out why a jeep was starting up.
Charles drove down the highway as fast as the jeep could move.
Sam hoped it wasn’t too late. What would the town look like when he arrived? Would there even be a town?

The sun was bright over Springbrook Gardens as birds gently flew in the blue sky. The streets were empty, stores closed. The town was motionless and quiet. Only one building was in use. Everyone was in the town hall seated in the auditorium.
The stillness outside was broken by the sound of a police car firing out of control off of Forest Road onto Main Street. Veering left and right, switching from lane to lane, barley missing the sidewalks on both sides of the street. The only thing louder then the tries screeching were the kids in the backseat screaming out of fear.

Timmy held the steering wheel like vice grips as his forehead and eyes peaked over the dashboard. He was still trying to figure out how to control the car. He gunned the gas pedal too much, confusing it with the break. He tried staying in his lane the best he could. He spent more time in oncoming traffic lane, then the right one. He pulled the steering wheel side to side too sharply. Bobby and Kyle screamed in the back seat as they were thrown back and forth, convinced their lives were going to end.
Bobby was able to sit up for a second and poked his head up over the seat. He pointed and yelled out “Look out for the post office”
Timmy screamed and swerved the steering wheel to the left and the car shot left just missing the building.
Bobby fell back into his seat by the momentum. He lifted his head back up and yelled out “Look out for the street lamp. Look out for everything”
Timmy barley kept the car on the road. Swerving out of control down the middle.
“I see the town hall.” Kyle yelled out. “Timmy, drive to the town hall”
“I’m lucky I can keep it on the road.” Timmy steered the car in the direction of the building and hit the brakes. The car skidded for half a block and came to a stop right at the front steps of the building.
Kyle slowly sat up and looked out the window. “Are we still alive?”
Timmy took his hands off the steering wheel and looked over to the town hall “I think so”
Bobby tried opening the back door; “We need to get into the town hall” the door wouldn’t open. “Hey, my door is stuck. I’m trapped”
“It’s a police car. The back door never opens from the inside”. Timmy called out. He got out and opened the backdoor and Kyle and Bobby quickly got out.
Bobby looked up at the sky “I can’t see the aliens. At least we know they haven’t starting attacking yet.”
“I wonder how much time we have left?” Kyle asked.
Kyle turned to Timmy “We need to get inside and warn everyone. We need to clear the building, not a second to loose, any moment now the aliens start the invasion or just as bad the General will start shooting at them”
The building was massive, with a large glass front. Two long hallways ran up and down the length of the building with the huge auditorium in the middle with countless seats and a stage. At both ends of the hallway were multiple rooms for storage.
They ran up the steps towards the glass doors. Pushed the door open and ran inside.
Before they could take a few steps inside all three of them were suddenly grabbed and dragged along down the hallway.
Timmy looked over his shoulder and saw Martin holding him.
Kyle saw Brad holding him as Cindy held Bobby.
“Here you kids are” Martin said. “We were looking all over this place for you. Looks like you decided to show up for your skit after all. Well to bad for you, it’s not going to happen.”
All three of them tried getting away as they were pulled down the hall.
“Let us go. We need to save everyone,” Timmy yelled out as he tired pulling away from Martin.
“I don’t think so” Martin laughed “We were told to lock you guys up, so you can’t win the talent show” He looked over to Brad and back down the hallway “Where’s the other one? There’s supposed to be four of these kids”
Brad and Cindy looked back out the glass doors.
“Maybe he’s late” Brad called out “Lets lock them up anyway. When the other one shows up we can throw him in as well”
“I like that idea” Marin said.
The three high school kids dragged the three boys down the long empty hallway.
They couldn’t pull themselves free as the high school kids where stronger.
They tired yelling out, but no one in the building heard the struggling over the band on stage playing away in the auditorium.
They reached the end of the hallway and Martin pulled open the door to the janitor’s storage room. All at one time the three kids where thrown inside and landed on the floor.
“So long suckers” Martin yelled out while laughing. “Guess you won’t be winning the show today. All that hard work for nothing” He slammed the door and wedged a chair tightly under the door handle before any of the kids could get up to his feet.
Bobby got up ran over to the door and tired pulling on it. He hit his fist on it. “Let us out. Aliens are going to attack any second, we need to get everyone out of the building and away from town,” he yelled out.
As the three high school kids walked away back down the hall Cindy laughed and turned to Brad. “What is that crazy kid going on about?”
Brad shook his head “I have no idea, must have something to do with their boring skit,” he said while laughing.
“Now that’s all done. We’ll have to wait at the door for the other kid to show up, and get rid of him” Martin said “Can’t risk having the other kid showing up and freeing the other three”
“No problem” Brad said. They walked back to the front door and waited in the shadows for Sam.

Timmy and Kyle hammered on the door and yelled out for anyone walking by to open the door, but they knew it was no use. Everyone in the building was watching the show. No one had a reason to be walking the empty halls.
“Oh great, were in for it now” Bobby said, “How are we going to warn everyone?”
Kyle started looking around the room “We need to find something we can use to pull open the door”
Timmy and Booby agreed and quickly started looking for anything that could be used.
Bobby walked to the far side of the dark storage room and looked around. Hopefully there was something in the boxes that could be used. He noticed light coming through a small rectangular shaped window facing the street. He quickly stacked a few boxes on top of each other and climbed up. He looked out, hoping to see anyone walking down the street. Ready to call to them out if he did see them. Of course, today of all days, there’s no one out there. Everyone in town was in the same building he was trapped in, they just happened to be enjoying the show.
Kyle and Timmy noticed what he was doing and came running over. They stood a few feet back hoping he could see someone.
Timmy didn’t have to ask if he could. If someone were there he would be yelling out to them by now “How do you like that, the busiest street in all of town and its empty” he said disappointed.
“Guys, maybe, just maybe, I think I can climb out this window,” Bobby said as he pushed it open “It looks a little small, but I think I can work my way out.”
“Its our only chance” Timmy said.
Kyle moved forward and pushed against the boxes making sure they wouldn’t give out as Bobby worked his way through the window.
For a moment he thought he was stuck, but he worked harder, twisting his body and pulling his way through. The grass was a few feet below him. Once fully through he lowered himself to the grass hands firsts and quickly stood up. He wanted to run to the front doors and back down the hallway and opened the janitor’s door, but the high school brats would see him and throw him back inside. He needed a clever plan to get rid of them. He moved towards the front doors of the building, leaning against the side of the brick wall, slowly leaned forward and peaked inside. Sure enough he spotted the high schools kids hiding in the shadows, waiting for Sam to arrive. How could he trick them? He turned and started running to the back door of the town hall. Along the way he passed by the open window.
Kyle watched him run by and yelled out from the small window. “Where are you going? You’re headed in the wrong direction. You’re going to the back of the building. You need to go the front”
Bobby stopped for a moment “Can’t, the three losers are there waiting for Sam. I have an idea though.” He whispered and started running again to the back.
Kyle looked to Timmy “What is he up to?”
Bobby made his way to the back of the building and opened the door. He peaked inside and saw no one, he moved inside. He knew there where two long hallways that ran the length of the building on both sides with the auditorium in the center of the building. The high school kids were on one side by the main doors hiding. He started running up the other hall towards the top of the building, his feet echoing off the floor. He heard the music coming from the auditorium. He wanted to run inside right away and warn everyone, but he wanted the other two for help.
He reached the top of the long hallway and crossed the length of the auditorium. He leaned against the way and peaked down the opposite hallway. He spotted the three high school kids hiding in the shadows at the front door and yelled out. “Good to see you Sam. Good thing you helped free us”
He turned and took off running towards the hallway he first came up and ran back down it to the other end.

Brad jumped up from his hiding spot from behind the fake palm tree and looked over Martin who was hiding behind the front desk. “What was that? Did you just hear that? It sounded like one of the kids we locked up just called out Sam’s name? Impossible. How did Sam get into the building, we’ve been watching the front doors all along?”
Martin and Cindy looked at each other confused.
Cindy looked angry “He must’ve came in through a side door. Maybe he knew something ahead of time to avoid the main doors” she looked down the hall and saw the chair still under the door handle of the janitors closet. “This isn’t making sense. Who warned the brat? All the other kids are still locked up”
Martin hit his hand on the table “We need to check it out, right away” he yelled out “Can’t have Sam running around. If Warren founds out, he’ll freak”
The three high school kids took off running up the hallway where they heard the voice come from.

Bobby finished running the length of the long hallway. He moved the short distance to the other side towards the hallway with the janitor’s closet and leaned against the wall and peaked around the corner. He could see the high school kids running to the top of the hallway where they heard him call out to Sam. He knew they where to focused on finding the source of the mysterious voice to bother looking over their shoulder and watch the janitor’s closet. He smiled; this gave him the moment needed to free his friends.
He slowly moved towards the door and gently moved the chair away, careful not to make any sound. The whole time he watched the high school kids at the top of the hallway as they franticly looked around. He wanted Warren’s gang distracted for as along as possible. After the chair was moved to the side he opened the door.

Martin and Brad anxiously looked around at the top of the hallway. Quickly looking inside every room. Practically bumping into each other as they ran around searching.
“I can’t see Sam here.” Brad called out in a panic. His voice echoing the hall as the band music came from the auditorium.
“What’s going on here?” Cindy yelled out in frustration. “Were is he this guy who called out Sam’s name? We didn’t miss anybody”
Brad pulled open a door to the bathroom and ran inside. He yelled back to the others. “Check everywhere. They might’ve heard us coming and is hiding under something inside a room”
The others nodded and started looking into every room and under every possible object. Even the ones that were too small, they were disparate to find them.

Timmy was standing on the boxes looking out the window. Hoping to see anyone walking by when he heard the door open behind him.
They both turned to see who was coming in. Kyle ran over to the door as Timmy jumped down.
The door opened and Bobby stood with a smile. “Did someone ask for this door to be opened?” he said with a bit of a laugh.
“Alright” Bobby way to go, you did it” Kyle called out and gave him a high five.
“Lets not waste anymore time in this room” Bobby said.
“I like that idea” Timmy said quickly. He moved towards the door, followed by Kyle as they ran out into the hall.
Timmy looked over to Kyle “What do we do about the trouble makers who put us in there?”
Kyle looked to the two of them. “I have an idea, you two go to the end of the hall, hide around the corner and watch the janitor’s door. When Warrens gang goes into the room looking for us you close the door, trapping them inside”
“But how do we get them to go inside the room?” Bobby asked.
Kyle gave a little smirk “Leave that to me. After you see me go out the back door call to them and they’ll come running down the hall”
Bobby nodded.
The three of them turned and ran down the hall and hid around the corner.
Timmy and Bobby got down low and peaked around the corner ever so slightly.
Kyle took off running down outside the back doors.
Bobby waited a few seconds; he needed to wait until there was silence coming from the auditorium. When the band stopped playing he called out in a loud voice. “Sam good to see you, thanks for opening the door”

Brad stopped and quickly turned around and looked at Martin who was looking in one of the storage rooms “Did you hear that, sounds like Sam is down the hall”
Cindy ran to the end of the corridor and looked down the long hallway “What? Are you kidding me? The door to the janitor office is open.” She turned to Marin “I thought you locked the door”
Martin looked stunned “but, but…I did lock it. I placed the chair under the door handle. There’s no way he could’ve gotten by us.”
“Look at the door now” Cindy yelled out. “Its open. What do you think Warren is going to say when he sees the door open? We have to go down there and make sure the kids are still in there”
The three of them took off running down the hall. There feet sounding like thunder off the floor of the empty hallway. They reached the door and stopped quickly as they looked inside the room. It was hard to see anything with the light off.
“Great, would you look at that, they got away” Cindy yelled out.
“Were in trouble now. How did this happen?” Brad asked while staring into the empty room.
“Hey where still in here. Come and get us” Kyle’s voice echoed from the back of the room.
Brad quickly looked at Martin “You hear that, there still in there. They haven’t gotten away yet.”
“But I don’t understand. I can’t see them in there, are they hiding?” Martin said.
“Enough of this silliness lets go in there and teach them a lesson. Find out once and for all what’s going on with Sam, is he here or not?” Cindy yelled out.
The other two boys nodded and the three ran inside in the room. They looked around and saw no one. They stop suddenly for a moment confused.
“What’s going on in here? They’re all gone.” Brad asked.
“Then who called us into the room?” Cindy yelled out.
“Are you three looking for me?” Kyle asked while standing outside the building standing on the grass looking through the small window.
“What? No way?” Cindy yelled out “He’s outside? How did he get out there and we’re in here?”

Bobby peaked around the corner and watched the three kids run inside the room. He looked over to Timmy. “Now’s our chance”
Timmy nodded and the two took off down the hallway towards the janitor’s storage room and slammed the door.
Timmy grabbed the chair next to him and pushed it under the door handle, stopping it from turning.

Martin jumped when he heard the door slam and quickly turned around and ran towards the door in anger. He started hammering on it. “Hey, open the door, don’t get me angry, open the door and let us out of here”
Cindy looked over Brad “Great, now how are we going to get out of here, how can we explain this to Warren?”

Kyle laughed, “See you losers later.” He stood up and ran across the grass towards the backdoor of the building. He ran inside and high fived both Timmy and Bobby as they waited for him at the door.
“Yeah, we got them” Kyle called out.
“Now we can do what we came for, and warn everyone,” Timmy said.
“Lets not waste anymore time. We need to move now” Bobby called out.
They took off running up the hallway leaving behind the sounds of hammering and yelling coming from the janitor’s storage room.

The three kids pushed opened the wooden doors that lead into the auditorium. The massive room was packed to capacity, row upon row of seats. Each row slightly higher then the one before allowing the people in the back to see over anyone in front. Each seat padded with a drink holder.
Seemed everyone in town was inside watching the stage. Anyone not seated was behind the curtain getting ready to go on. Getting a ticket was next to impossible. Bright lights lit up the large stage, as the wide seating area was dark.
The boys stood at the back looking out at everyone. It was difficult to see the crowd with the lights only focused on the stage.
The grade five class from the local elementary school where on stage playing a classical song they had rehearsed all year. They finished there last few notes and and lowered there instruments. Everyone in the hall applauded loudly, as the parents of the kids took pictures.
Bobby pointed towards the front row “Look guys, I see the General, in the front, middle seat”
Timmy and Kyle looked where he was pointing and nodded after seeing him.
Timmy shook his head “Oh great, how are we going to clear this room? Everyone’s attention is on the stage, no one has a clue to what’s about to happen”
“We have no time.” Kyle yelled out “The invasion can start at second. Follow me” he took off running up the aisle towards the stage.
Bobby looked over to Timmy. They were both shocked to see Kyle running as fast as he could towards the stage. “Ah, what’s he doing? What is the plan?” he yelled out. “We haven’t talked about this”
Before Bobby or Timmy knew what Kyle was up too, they both to took off running up the aisle towards the stage as well.
Everyone was in their seats looking over their programs to see what was coming up next.
The three kids ran up on the wooden steps and onto the stage as the large red curtain was closing. Kyle was the first one up on the stage, followed by Bobby and Timmy.
Kyle grabbed the microphone at the speaker’s podium on the right hand side of the stage. “Everyone you have to leave the buildings and clear the town.” His voice echoed throughout the room. As everyone stopped and looked at him, the room fell silent. “There are aliens outside who are ready to attack and the army is planning on fighting back by shooting lasers into the sky which will bring down the mother ship that will land right on top of this building. The General knows about it and he will be leading the attack on the aliens. We need everyone to leave the building and get out of the town”
For a brief moment there was silence throughout the auditorium. Everyone looked at each other and then back up to the kids.
The General started to laugh lightly and stood up “Best joke I’ve heard all day, I love it. Well done. I love this town”
Everyone else in the hall started laughing as well.
Kyle looked over to Timmy in shock. “What? They’re laughing. We just warned them there lives are in danger. Why are they laughing? They should be getting up and running out of here”
Miss Carter seated in the third row pointed at them “Oh looks it’s the little kids from the grade school who put on a skits at our senior center. Are they not the cutest little kids? This must be their skit. How nice. I bet they worked on it for weeks.”
Someone else in the dark back row stood up “They sure are living up to there names being called the cry wolves. Running around town with their made up stories, this must be one of them”
Everyone in there seats started to applaud.
Bobby looked out into the crowd in shock and yelled out. “No really, what your hearing is true. Aliens are outside this building as we speak. You can’t see them because their ships are invisible, but the military has a supergun that can shoot them down. They’re on their way into town right now. There’s going to be a battle between aliens and humans. Whoever wins, this town losses.”
Barker Jones, the host of the event walked across the stage towards the kids and gently took the microphone from them, looked out over the crowd with a smile “Ok little kids off the stage. That was funny. Everyone here has had a good laugh, but now its time to get back to the show. We have a schedule to maintain.” He smiled for the crowd. “Give the little kids around of applause for trying to make us laugh. Are they funny or what? Telling us about cute little aliens and laser guns. You know how kids are with their comic books”
The crowd applauded as the kids walked back down the steps and off to the side into the darkness in shock.
Barker Jones started introducing the next act as everyone attention went back to him.
“They don’t believe us.” Kyle said “Now what?”
Timmy and Bobby truly felt all was lost. What could they do?
As the kids stood still trying to come up with another plan a deep rumbling sound started echoing throughout the town hall. Barker Jones stopped talking and everyone in the hall stood up looking at each other with concern.
Bobby looked nervous “Oh boy, I know what that is”
The kids ran down the aisle passing everyone in their seats and pushed opened the wooden doors. They ran down the hall and pushed open the glass door and headed outside down the concrete path as the bright sun lit them up. They stopped next to the police car and looked down Main Street.
Some of the adults in the auditorium followed behind and looked out the glass doors and pointed in shock as a flood of armored vehicles and military jeeps with massive silver guns on the back came rolling into town.
Kyle pointed and yelled out “Oh great. It’s the army. The war is starting now and everyone is still in town. Soon the aliens will start to attack, it’s too late, the whole town is going to be destroyed, we failed”
The glass doors of the town hall opened as the residences came running out and stood on the sidewalk pointing to the jeeps and started commenting to each other.
The General walked past everyone. He reached the first jeep and climbed inside the passenger side and stood up. He put his sliver sunglasses on and his hands on his hips and smiled and looked up into the sky.
The mayor came running out of the auditorium and stood in front of his jeep. “What’s the meaning of this? Why are you in our town with these guns?”
The General stood strong “Nothing to fear here. Go back inside. There’s a few aliens in the sky who we plain on taking out. Nothing to worry about, we’ll be finished in a few minutes. We’re helping to make the world a safer place”
The mayor looked around shocked and confused. “What is he talking about? There’s no such thing as aliens”
Bobby looked up in the sky and then over to Timmy. “I can’t see any aliens, where does he plain on shooting?”
The General turned to the soldiers in the other jeeps “Lets take these invaders out boys. Fire when you’re ready.”
Everyone who was standing outside the building started to move back looking at each other with worry.
The armored vehicles and jeeps spread themselves out along Main Street giving each other ten feet in between. The first jeep’s cannon turned upwards towards the sky. A massive, loud screeching noise was heard as a bright green beam shot up wards.
Some of the woman standing in front of the town hall screamed and lowered their heads as others quickly ran for cover.
The green laser beam did not fire endlessly into the sky. It struck someone thirty stories up.
From out of nowhere a sliver oval shaped UFO was now visible.
Everyone outside the town hall looked up in amazement and pointed towards the fifty-two foot wide bright silver saucer. No wings, just oval shaped all around. Wider in the middle then the top or bottom. It flew without making a sound. No one could believe what they where seeing.
Some of the town’s people started looking nervous and panic began to set in as some of the men grabbed there wives and kids and took off running down the nearest side streets. Others tried running back inside the town hall as fast as possible as others came running out to see what was happening.
Children pointed to the UFO, smiled and gave an innocent wave. They thought the ship looked cool and hoped the aliens would come down and be there friends. The adults continued to panic yelling about how the aliens were evil, wanting to destroy everything. The majority of town’s people were now running for cover in all direction. A massive state of anxiety took over as more jeeps and armored vehicles shot lasers into the sky hitting the saucers making them visible above the town.
The General looked up at the now visible saucers flying through the sky and smiled “Well done boys, our guns are working just fine. Good shooting. Now we can see them and shoot them down. All is going according to plain. Just look at them flying around up there, I bet the aliens inside are panicking. Our scientists said the aliens couldn’t feel any emotion. Oh, but I beg to differ. I bet they’re freaking out. They’re probably wondering where we got all this new firepower. Well, there not the only smart ones on this planet. Never count the human race out. We will always find a way to come back and win. I love watching the good guys win.” He waved his fist up in the air. “You hear me aliens. We have you beat. No way are you going to attack earth. We got the drop on you. We will show you, the human race is boss. I’m going to make you wish you never came to earth”
All of the jeeps and armored vehicles were now shooting bright, loud lasers into sky. The town was lit up with bright, intense green beams. If it had been night they would’ve been brighter then the fireworks the night before.
Bobby watched as more saucers where hit, making them visible. It seemed impossible to believe the saucers were always flying around town with no one knowing. How long have they been here? Days? Weeks? His whole life? Their cloaking device made them completely invisible; no one ever had a clue they were up there.
The saucers flew up and down Main Street as the town residence pointing to them in fear and ran for cover. Some hid under trees, poked their heads out and pointed at the ships. Others ran to their houses. A few stayed inside the town hall watching out the large windows.
Warren ran across the grass and up to the front doors. He looked over to Timmy “What’s happening?” he called sounding freaked out.
Timmy looked over to him and had to yell out because the lasers were too loud. “It’s the answer to your question about the bright lights in the forest. Turns out its aliens. You can get your friends out of the janitors closet and help us stop them”
Warren quickly ran inside the building and pushed his way through the crowds. He made his way down the hall. He reached the janitor’s closet and quickly pulled the chair out from under the door handle. He pulled the door open and saw Brad standing in front of him. “What are you three doing locked in this room?”
“I can explain everything?” Brad said.
“It doesn’t matter right now.” Warren yelled out “Have you seen what’s going on outside?”
Cindy ran to the door “We’ve been trying to see out the window, but we can’t tell what’s happening. Everyone in town is freaking out. Something is shooting lasers into the sky.”
“Lets not waste our time in here. Let’s go check it out,” Martin yelled out as he ran out of the room into the hallway.
They took off running up the hallway pushed there way through the crowds and pushed open the glass doors.
They ran outside and watched everyone running around in a panic as the military jeeps fired into the sky.
“What’s the military doing here? What are those things in the sky?” Brad called out.
The four of them looked up and watched silver saucers fly over there heads. Their eyes shot open wide as they each screamed like little kids and took off running back inside the building and back down the hall. They ran as fast as they could into the janitor’s storage closet, closed the door and hid under boxes with the lights off.
“I want my mommy” Brad cried out.
“I’ll never be bad again. No way am I helping solve this problem. This town is on its own ” Warren called out.
“Who’s going to save us?” Cindy asked while hiding in the darkness.

The General smiled and watched as the sun reflected off the saucers as they flew around town. The reflection of the green electric blast could be seen in his sunglasses. He laughed “That’s right boys, take the alien invaders out. Send them back to there home world. We don’t need their kind here. Looks like we did a good job at making them all visible to us. Now it’s time to switch to the other guns. Now it’s time to shoot them down. Knock out their power and watch the ships come crashing down.” The General turned to the solider next to him in the driver seat. “Give the order to switch guns”
“Yes sir” the solider picked up his phone and gave an order to all the other drivers behind him. Within seconds all the guns stopped firing the green laser and switched over to light blue bolt of electricity. The armored vehicles and jeeps starting firing at the saucers trying to disrupt their power and bring them down. Each laser shot sounding like a high pitch squeal, as if a car was slamming on its breaks.
The saucers swiftly moved back and forth up and down Main Street as the blue electric shots missed by inches.
Each gun controller sitting on the back of the jeeps turned the guns trying to keep up with the quick moving saucers.

Timmy looked over to Kyle and Bobby; all three were staying low on the grass a few feet away from the jeeps and auditorium. “We need to stay calm and figure out a way to stop this,” He yelled out trying not to be drowned out by the intense sound of shooting lasers cannons, the civilians screaming and the General barking orders.
Kyle looked up as a saucer passing over his head blocking out the sunlight for a moment “I’m just wondering how long before the General gives the order to bring down the mother ship?”
“I can’t see the mother ship” Timmy called out. “Where is it?”
“Kyle looked up “Maybe it left, not wanting to get shot at”
Bobby looked down Main Street and back to the other boys, “As if our problems couldn’t get any worse, a pack of soldiers are moving this way”
Timmy and Kyle poked their heads up for a second and looked down the street and saw rows of soldiers in silver uniforms and black sunglasses marching in 3 straight lines into town.
“I guess they don’t want us to leave and tell the world what’s happening here,” Kyle said.
“Looks like we need to worry about the army more then the aliens.” Bobby said “I don’t know why the aliens haven’t starting firing back, but when they do it’s going to get real bad around here, real quick”
“I know what you mean,” Timmy yelled out “Why haven’t the aliens started to attack”
“They must have a plan,” Kyle said, “They want to see what kind of new weapons the army has, then they’ll attack”
An army jeep pulled up to the town hall and Timmy looked over and noticed Sam getting out of the passenger side. “Hey, Sam is back, he got away from the base camp” he called out as he waved his hand to get his attention.
Sam ran over to the other three boys as Charles followed across the grass as military jeeps continued to shoot lasers into the sky as silver saucers flew overhead.
They both dove onto the grass and crawled over to Timmy.
Timmy turned to Sam “We tried warning everyone in the auditorium, but they just laughed. No one believed a word we said”
Sam nodded as the sound of laser fired filled Main Street. “The General is really determined to bring them down.” he yelled out “We freed our parents. They’re safe now”
“We need to get everyone in this town to safety.” Bobby yelled out.
The General stood up from the passenger seat and pointed at a saucer as it flew over his head. The jeep behind him shot at it missing it by a few feet. The General’s yelling was louder then any laser cannon.
The kids kept their heads low as lasers shot over them as armored vehicles rolled down the street.
Bobby looked around and was shocked “Hey, what happened to Charles? He was here a moment ago?”
The other kids looked around the grass and back to the jeep. Then looked at each other in amazement when they all realized Charles was gone.
“How do you like that? He just disappeared. How is that possible? Did he run inside the building when we lowered our heads?” Kyle said while still looking around for him.
“We don’t have time to worry about Charles” Sam said “We need to somehow tell the aliens to leave before the army brings out the supergun and tries to shoot down the mother ship”
“That will really get them mad. They’ll start attacking for sure” Kyle looked up in he sky “I can’t image there being a massive ship up there. I can’t see anything”
“Oh I’m sure it’s up there, somewhere.” Sam yelled out as a few jeeps drove along Main Street trying to lock onto a saucer.
Sam noticed two girls running over to them across the grass with their heads down low. He knew it was Jane and Sandy.
When they reached the boys the two girls lowered down.
“What’s happening to our town?” Sandy asked
“Oh nothing we can’t handle” Sam said sarcastically.
“What are those things in the sky?” Jane asked.
“Aliens from another world who the General wants to bring down. Hopefully we can stop him” Bobby called out.
“Before the aliens start their attack” Kyle said.
Jane quickly looked over to Kyle “What do you mean attack us?” She asked as he lowered her head when a saucer overhead casting a shadow.
“It’s a long story, but our town is in the middle of a battle where the earth is at stake.” Bobby said.
“You knew about this?” Jane asked.
“Well, we only found out yesterday.” Sam said, “We’ve been trying to warn people, but no one wants to believe us. Kinda hard to convince people about aliens.”
“What’s your plan?” she asked.
Sam smiled a bit “That’s what were working on now.”
Jane looked at the others “We need to get out of here to check on our parents and make sure they’re alright”
“Good idea” Bobby called out. “Its better if you’re not right in the center here, were you could get hurt”. It was hard for them to hear each other with the sound of the lasers shooting everywhere.
“Where are your parents?” Jane yelled out, trying to hear Bobby.
“Oh, there in a holding cell at the General’s base camp, they’re safe,” he said while watching the saucers fly overhead.
“What?” she yelled out in shock “In a holding cell, what does that mean?”
“Long story. Men in black tired to chase us last night, but we got away. So they took our parents away to get us to come out from our hiding spots. Then, it turns out Officer Reed is a bad guy to took us to the General. Were we had to escape, but that’s just the quick version.” Bobby kept his head down low as he looked back to the saucers.
Jane and Sandy looked at each other in confusion.
Sandy turned to the boys “We need to find our families and make sure they’re safe”
Jane looked to Sam “You four do whatever needs to be done to save this town. Everyone is counting on you. No other adult looks to be in any condition to help you out”
“I understand.” Sam said “ We’ll do everything we can to stop this war” Sam called back.
The two girls looked up and made sure there were no saucers flying overhead. They took off running towards a side street.
Timmy looked over to Sam “How are we suppose to talk with the aliens? They’re up in the sky somewhere and we’re down here”

The General pointed at one of the saucers as it flew straight down Main Street straight at him no more then twenty feet off the ground. The jeep behind the General fired a blue laser and it hit the saucer right in the middle sending bolts of lighting throughout the ship. The saucer shook left and right out of control. The nose turned downward and the crashed landed on the grass a few feet in front of the cry wolves’ gang.
The kids saw the saucer coming straight at them and knew they had no time to get away. They we’re sure it was going to land right on top of them. Fear shot through their bodies as they closed their eyes and got ready for the hit. They could hear the saucer hitting the grass and sliding towards them. A moment later they open their eyes and noticed the saucer had stopped a few feet from them. They each looked at the saucer then each other in amazement. Wondering how on earth they survived.
The General cheered with his fist in the air along with the soldiers. “Look at that boys, we got one. I knew our lasers would work” He looked back up towards the other saucers “Now bring down the rest” he pointed to the sky as the soldiers went back to firing.
Everyone in town looked out from there hiding spots at the saucer on the grass in wonder. They couldn’t believe their eyes. Some of the people standing a few blocks back questioned if it were real.
“That was really close” Bobby called out while staring at the saucer which rested a few feet in front of him. He couldn’t believe he was so close to something from outer space.
“This isn’t good.” Kyle yelled out as he stared at the saucer “I got a feeling the aliens will get mad over this and launch their invasion. The next one to fall could land right on top of us. We need to find better cover”
“It doesn’t matter where we hide” Sam said, “The saucers could come down anywhere. We could hide in our homes and they still come crashing down on us”
By now over twenty saucers could be seen flying throughout Springbrook Gardens.
The General was getting frustrated “We’ve only managed to bring down one ship for far. These saucers are way too quick for us”. He turned to the solider next to him. “Bring in the supergun, lets see if bringing down the mother ship rattles the smaller saucers”
Sam looked to the others and yelled out “Did you guys hear that? He wants to bring down the mother ship. That will be it for this whole town. If we are going to do anything it has to be now. There’s one thing we can do. Lets get on board the saucer.”
The three boys stared at Sam for the longest time.
“Guys I’m serious. We need to find the mother ship and try to talk with the aliens. Hopefully we can get them not to fire back and hopefully fly away ”
They just continued to stare at him.
Bobby finally spoke up “What did I hear you say? You want to get on board the alien space ship that crashed in front of us?”
“That’ the craziest idea I’ve ever heard.” Kyle said, “Fly a spaceship? A few days ago we were convinced UFOs only existed in comic books, now you want to fly a real one”
“It’s the only way.” Sam said, “We have to get onboard the mother ship to stop this war before the General brings it down”
Timmy shook his head. “Even if we could fly the saucer, we don’t even know were the mother ship is. How will we find it?”
Bobby took a moment and peaked down Main Street and his eyes lit up “Guys don’t look now, but the army is rolling in the supergun”
The other kids quickly looked at each in shock. They jumped to their feet and looked down at the massive bright silver supergun rolling into town.”
The towns people who were still on Main Street stood in amazement as the two block long gun rolled by them. A massive eighteen-wheeler pulled it. The town rumbled as the behemoth moved along. All of the jeeps and armored vehicles stopped firing as the supergun pulled up behind the General.
The town’s people stopped running and turned to look at it. Nobody knew what to say. They had never seen anything like it.
Timmy couldn’t believe his eyes. “This is getting crazy. Look at that gun. Its insane”
Sam looked back at the crashed saucer “Quick, it’s now or never. Make a run for the downed ship”
The kids looked at each other for a brief moment and nodded in agreement. They knew it was nuts, but they had to do something. They ran towards the saucer.
“This is crazy” Bobby yelled out as he ran.
The General looked over at the kids. “Hey you kids, get away from the saucer. It’s not a toy. You might get hurt. I don’t want to see any humans hurt here, this isn’t a playground”
They reached the saucer. The front end was dug into the dirt as the back end slightly stuck up into the air. They ran around the entire thing looking for a door.
“Looks like this plain isn’t going to work. We can’t get in,” Bobby yelled out, as the supergun got closer.
“This mission might be over before it begins” Kyle called out as the supergun started to rise up into the air.
Everyone in the town hall started to back away from the glass doors, as the nervous citizens outside hid further under the park benches and trees.
Timmy tried finding anything that look like a door or door handle. He whispered “You came to me in my backyard for a reason, well if you wanted to talk to us make it happen now” He was about to give up when a rectangle shape door in the middle of the saucer lifted up to the sky and a ramp lowered to the ground on a slight angle.
All the kids stopped and took a small step back. They slowly looked at each other and didn’t say a word for what felt like an entirety.
“Okay, that was odd” Bobby whispered. “How did the door just open?”
Timmy looked to Bobby “It’s as if they knew we were looking for the door. I’m sure I didn’t ring a bell or knock”
Sam took a step forward “Let’s move inside, we can’t waste a second. The supergun is getting ready to fire. Any second now the mother ship will start attacking” he said.
They all took one last look at each other and walked up the ramp.
The General picked up the phone and contacted the solider operating the gun “Is the supergun ready to go?”
Solider 17 looked over his computer readout. “Just about sir. It’s charging up”
“Good news” the General called out “When its ready make sure you fire it into the sky. The mother ship is so large no matter were you shoot it, it will hit it” he turned back to the other soldiers “Until then men, go back to shooting at the saucers. I want to bring them all down”
The jeeps and armored vehicles turned their guns back to the sky and tired hitting the saucers with thee blue lighting cannons.

The kids slowly made there way inside the saucer. Timmy was the first one in, followed by the three others. The walls were bare and grey.
Bobby was the first to notice and point out the three thin bodied, four foot tall; grey aliens lying on the floor of the saucer, faces down.
The four kids quickly stood back in shock, as they couldn’t believe they were seeing aliens so close. Each one was convinced the aliens were going to quickly stand up and a shoot them with ray guns.
Timmy looked over to Sam and whispered “You think there…. you know …d.e.a.d?”
Sam shook his head “I don’t even know if they can die. Maybe they’re so different then us, they don’t die the way we do”
“That would be really weird” Kyle whispered.
Bobby looked around the ship in disbelief “Never been on board an airplane much less an alien ship before with aliens inside of it”
“What do we do now?” Kyle whispered. “The ship is so bare. I though it would have a huge control panel on the middle with a ton of switches and buttons. All I see is an empty room with three small chairs facing a window.”
Sam looked at the three small seats. He could see outside the window. However when they were outside looking at the saucer none of them could see a window.
They slowly moved closer and could see the General outside standing inside his jeep yelling out orders and the guns firing at the saucers flying over head, however it was completely quiet inside. The sound of the General’s yelling and guns firing were gone, replaced with an eerie silence.
Sam looked to the others “I didn’t see a window on the saucer when we were outside. How can we see what’s happening out there now?”
“Maybe it’s some alien two way mirror.” Timmy whispered back “Somehow we can see outside, but the window on the outside is protected by the metal hull”
“Cool” Bobby whispered.
Kyle looked over his shoulder to the aliens “It looks as though they’re not in any condition to fly this saucer. We’re stuck now”
Sam looked at the aliens and then back to Kyle “Then we will have to fly it”
Timmy looked over to Sam “How on earth can we fly an alien saucer?”
Sam looked to Timmy “ You can do it. You drove the police car”
Timmy eyes shot open wide as he shook his head “What? A car is different then an alien ship. Besides I could barley drive the police car. We’re lucky we made it here”
“Oh boy” Bobby said, “This isn’t looking good. I got a bad feeing the aliens are going to start invading now”
“We have no time. Let’s give it a shot.” Sam said, “We’ll figure it out as we go”
“This will end badly, I know it” Bobby closed his eyes.
Timmy, Sam and Kyle sat down in the tiny little chairs. Bobby stood behind the chairs watching over the aliens on the over side of the ship.
Kyle couldn’t sit down right “These chairs are so small they look as though they were meant for little kids in grade one”
Bobby slowly walked over to the aliens lying on the ground. He leaned over to them “Ummm, hi. You guys OK there? Your not going shoot us with ray guys are you?”
Timmy leaned back in the small seat and looked around “We have a problem guys. I can’t see a control panel, just these seats over looking the window. How can we fly this thing if there’s no control panel to push any buttons? Even a car has a steering wheel.” He shrugged his shoulders and lifted his hands in the air in frustration. At that moment a ten by eight inch transparent light green, paper-thin control panel appeared in front of him slightly above his head. Timmy stared at it in surprise. “Woh, look at that. The control panel appears when you move your hand in front of it” He moved his hand away and a few seconds later it disappeared. He looked over to Sam “You have to admit that’s cool” he lifted his hand again and the screen reappeared. “But look at all the strange symbols. I can’t understand any of them. They kind’ve look like Egyptian hieroglyphs.”
Sam nodded “Circles and lines that crisscross one another. I guess it makes sense to the aliens, but I have no idea what it’s saying”
“I wonder which one you have to push to make it fly?” Timmy said. He pushed one on the buttons and the saucer lifted up by a few feet off the grass and floated in the air.
The cry wolves’ kids started screaming and freaking out.
“What did you do?” Kyle yelled out as he held his seat.
“Don’t know” Timmy quickly said.
“Don’t crash us” Bobby called out in panic.
“Everyone stay calm” Sam yelled out. He turned to Timmy “Careful, were floating now. Any wrong button and we can crash”
Timmy nodded, his heart racing a mile a minute. “I don’t know what I did. I just moved my fingers on the screen and we lifted up”
“Just don’t make any big hand movements on the screen” Sam said.
Timmy moved his fingers on the screen with the slightest touch. The saucer lifted higher and started to move forward.
The kids grabbed anything they could hold on to while shaking.
The saucer floated above Main Street and shot quickly to the left and just as quickly back to the right and back to the left again. Forward then backwards. Up in to the sky by a few feet and then down to street level, barley missing the buildings, road, tanks, and streetlights the whole time.
The cry wolves’ were freaking out inside. Bobby was covering his eyes as Kyle was holding his breath.
Timmy tried to control the ship better, but even if he touched the screen in the slightest the saucer shot up way to high or shot left or right with intense speed. “This is a lot harder then driving a car. These controls are super sensitive”
Sam nodded “The weird part is, no matter how much you pull to the right or left, we don’t feel it inside of here. We should be thrown out of our seats, but were not”
“The aliens must have some type of technology that’s keeps us grounded while inside” Timmy said.
Bobby walked towards the seats and stood behind Timmy “It’s like the worlds craziest rollercoaster, out of control”
Sam eyes lit up “Watch out for the brick wall of the bank” he pointed out and closed his eyes, getting ready for impact.
Timmy moved his fingers on the screen and the ship pulled up in time, missing the wall by a few inches.
“We need to find the mother ship.” Sam yelled out “Everyone look out for a really big ship in the sky”
The saucer continued to fly back and fourth and up and down all over Main Street as Timmy tired figuring out how to control it.

Jeeps and armored vehicles continued firing blue lasers in the sky at the numerous saucers soaring around town, as citizens continued to run for cover in any building or under any tree. Jeeps roared down streets trying to get the best angles to shoot at the saucers. Armored vehicles swung their cannons around trying to lock on a flying saucer overhead. They’re shots almost connecting each time.
The General pointed to the saucer the kids where in, unaware they were inside. “What is up with that saucer? It’s flying out of control, I thought the aliens could fly better then that. Look at all the other saucers, fully in control of its movements, this one looks like amateurs are flying it, besides I thought I brought that saucer down a few minutes ago. How did it get back up?” he picked up the phone “Bring down the that saucer flying out of control”
“Yes sir” solider 26 said and turned the cannon on his jeep directly at the saucer and locked the laser beam onto it. The solider was just about to fire when the saucer quickly shot backwards and bumped into his jeep, rocking the jeep back and forth.
“Lost the target” solider 26 said. “That thing came out of nowhere and hit us”
The General looked up at the saucer flying out of control “There must be a smart alien flying it, making it look as though it’s dumb, interesting trick”

“What happened” Sam yelled out. “How did we shoot backwards like that?”
“I don’t know “Timmy answered “It felt as though the ship flew itself at that moment”
“Maybe you just pushed a wrong button,” Sam said.
Bobby looked out the window. He noticed the supergun was pointing up on a seventy-degree angle. He looked back at the other three boys with fear “Guys it looks as though the supergun is ready to fire”

Solider 26 sat inside a large tank looking at a glowing radar screen. “Sir the gun is powered up and I have a lock on the mother ship now”
The General smiled “Well done. Now we turn the war to our advantage. Today we make history. The aliens believed they we’re smarter then us. Well today will send them a massage” He leaned forward with his hands on the top windshield of the jeep and smiled “Now we will see the mother ship with our own eyes and rid the earth of the evil intruder. Fire”
Solider 21 pushed the red button.
A massive green laser bean shot out from the supergun into the blue sky. It sounded louder then any tank blast in the past. Everyone in town held their breath in shock and looked up in amazement and watched. It traveled up to the clouds and hit an invisible object. Electricity bolts flashed about as lighting filled the sky in all directions, brighter then the sun. Rapping around a massive object. Something enormous was being hit.
The supergun stopped firing as everyone looked up and pointed.
All the other cannons on the jeeps and armored vehicles fell silent as well as the soldiers looked to the sky.
The town started getting darker as is if an eclipse was blocking the sun. Something in the sky started flashing like a light switch being turn off and on by little kids. A moment if stillness filled the town as a huge bright sliver ship appeared out of nowhere, big enough to cover the entire town. The town was now covered in darkness. Car headlights automatically came on. Owls would soon wake up thinking it was night.
Everyone in town came out from under their hiding spots and out of their houses. They looked up at the incredible sight. Not a word was spoken, as no one knew what to say. They couldn’t believe their eyes.
All the other smaller saucers flew back up towards the mother ship.

Bobby walked towards the large window at the front of the saucer “Its so dark out there” he looked up into the sky and nearly fell backwards from shock. “Look at that thing. It’s the mother ship,” he pointed to it.
The other kids didn’t know what to say, they just stared at the massive object.
Without realizing it Timmy took his hands away from the control panel. It disappeared, however the saucer remand in the air.

What felt like an eternity passed before the General spoke. He always knew it existed, but never actually saw it. Now it was right above him. “Well done boys,” he said softly. With the silence in the town, his voice was the only thing heard. He knew he have to give the most important order ever given by any General before him. “Now, shoot it down” He knew with that order the massive mother ship would come crashing down on the town, wiping out everyone and everything, including himself, but it had to be done, in order to save the earth.
The soldiers gave their heads a shake and got back into their vehicles, solider 21 looked back at the radar and had the mother ship in his sights. It wasn’t hard to line the thing up. It took up the entire radar screen.
Timmy looked back down to the earth and could see the solider getting ready to fire. “Looks like the General wants to bring it down right now”
“We’re to late” Kyle called out. “The town will be destroyed”
“We failed” Sam said. “Everything we care about will be lost”
“Not unless I can help it” Timmy called out. “I will have to crash this saucer into the supergun. It will cost us our lives, but at least we will save the town”
The other boys looked at each other and slowly nodded. They knew what had to be done.
“Hopefully the aliens will not attack the earth after seeing what we have done. Maybe they will see the sacrifice we’ve made and they will respect it and leave. By destroying the supergun we save the aliens lives, and they will spare the earth”
They each looked at Timmy and nodded in agreement.
Timmy nodded back and tired his best to match the saucer right at the supergun.
The General looked up with a smile “And now it’s time for the dawning of a new day. Today we send a message to the aliens, this is our world and we like it keep it” he looked down to the solider at the helm of the supergun. “Fire”
Timmy moved the ship right at the supergun. He tried making it fly faster before the gun could fire. The saucer moved faster and faster right at the center of the supergun.
The kids were bracing for the hit.
At the last moment the saucer pulled off to the side and back up into the sky, missing the gun.
“What, I don’t understand” Timmy called out “How? I didn’t touch any buttons”
Solider 21 took a deep breath, closed his eyes and pushed the red button. Nothing happened. The solider opened his eyes and looked down at the button. He pushed the button another time. Again the gun failed to fire. “Sir the supergun is failing to fire” he called out.
“What?” the General turned around inside the jeep and looked back at the solider “What do you mean?”
“Sir, I’m pressing the fire button, but it is not responding”
The solider next to the General in the diver seat lowered the phone from his ear. “Sir, where getting reports from all the soldiers their guns are not working either. It appears something has turned all the lasers off”
“Impossible” The General yelled out. “Keep trying,” His voice echoed up and down Main Street.
All the soldiers pushed the fire buttons on their guns, nothing happened.
The General nodded, lowered his arms to his side and in the darkness from the mother ship shadow looked up at the massive ship itself. “Well, it looks as though the aliens have a weapon that can knock out our weapons. Now they will attack us and there’s nothing we can do to stop them. The earth is done for. The aliens will take us out, just like how man has taken out other cultures and species who were weaker”

“What happened to the saucer? We didn’t crash into the gun,” Sam asked.
“I don’t know what happened. I had it flying right at the supergun, but something took over and made the saucer fly off to the side” Timmy tried remaining calm moving his fingers on the control panel left and right.
The ship responded by moving left and right, up and down, at incredible speeds. Timmy found himself panicking as he started losing control of it. The speed started increasing faster and faster headed towards the town hall.
Sam yelled out “Timmy get more control over this thing”
“I’m trying” Timmy called back.
“Why are we losing control?” Kyle called out “We had control before”
Bobby screamed out “Look out for the town hall”
Timmy panicked and started pushing all the buttons and the saucer fired straight up into sky by hundreds of feet, it paused for a moment and dropped back down again towards Main Street at full speed. The kids could see the town coming at them through the window and screamed out.
Timmy tired pushing every button as fast as he could. Hoping something would work. They continued to drop like a rock with the road getting closer with each passing second.
“Oh no, were going to crash, its all over” Kyle yelled out as they covered their eyes.
The ship was out of control headed straight down.
“This is the end” Sam called out.
The kids braced for impact. They each thought of there families and wished they had a second more to say goodbye. The earth was getting closer and closer. The kids screamed out. They closed their eyes. The ship’s noise was a few inches from crashing on Main Street, when it stopped.
The kids slowly opened there eyes and looked out the front window. They could see the road an inch from the tip of the ship, but the ship just floated in air. It slowly tinted down and leveled off with the ground.
The kids gradually looked at each other in confusion. Silence filled the saucer.
“Ok, this is odd” Bobby whispered, “I was sure we were going to crash.”
Sam turned to Timmy “How did you stop it from crashing?”
“I don’t know.” Timmy said quietly “I took my hands off the control panel”
Suddenly, the ship started lifting into the air.
The kids started to panic. They looked out the window and could see the ship lifting up higher in the sky. Moving away from Springbrook Gardens towards the mother ship in the sky.
“How are you flying this thing?” Sam called out to Timmy “Why are you lifting up us so high?”
Timmy shook his head with his hands at his side. “The control panel I’ve been using has disappeared ever since the saucer started dive bombing towards the ground. I’m not flying this thing at all, it’s flying itself”
Bobby looked over his shoulder at the three aliens and quickly looked back towards the other boys “Guys, don’t look now, but those aliens who were lying on the floor of the ship. Well, they’re getting up”
The three boys quickly looked over there shoulder and saw the three grey aliens standing up.
The aliens started walking towards the boys.
The kids where amazed, they didn’t know what was about to happen. They were just as astonished by the alien’s big black oval eyes. They quickly jumped up and out of the small chairs and backed away.
They watched as the grey aliens gracefully sat down. The chairs were just the right size for there four-foot height, thin bodies.
They watched as the three aliens worked together as one. Without saying a word they moved their arms ever so smoothly upwards. Their fingers stretched out and the control panel appeared in front of them. They each moved their fingers slowly and gracefully; a few inches back, never touching the panel itself. The ship calmly flew under control. The saucer flew towards the mother ship.
The boys stood back in silence and awe. They looked out the front window as Springbrook Gardens fell away getting smaller and soon the forest fell out of sight.
The saucer flew through the sky. Moving closer towards the massive mother ship. Each of the kids where speechless at the colossal size of the ship. The saucer made its way towards the hanger doors. The saucer was now tiny when compared to the massive twenty-story silver, oval shaped ship. The huge bay doors opened and the saucer entered inside. The kids were amazed as the saucer flew inside the large hanger and landed beside countless another saucers all in a row.
The three aliens silently stood up and walked towards the door of the saucer. One of the aliens gently waved its hand at the wall and the door opened upwards as a ramp lowered. They stepped outside the saucer, leaving the boys inside.
The boys stood still not knowing what to do. Standing in silence, they looked at each other. They stood for what seem like an entirety.
“Ok, what do we do now?” Kyle slowly whispered.
“I guess they want us to leave this ship,” Sam said.
“And go out there?” Bobby asked “Onto the mother ship? Might I remind you, these are the aliens who want to attack earth. Aliens are evil. They might shoot us with ray guns the moment we step out”
“We can’t get back home standing here,” Timmy said. He slowly moved forward towards the door and peaked outside the saucer door. He was amazed by the size of the hanger and noticed the whole room was empty of aliens, just saucer after saucer in rows within the silent room. He slowly made his way down the ramp wondering if a ray gun would take him out the moment he was clear of the ship. He stood on the hanger floor and looked around.
He saw a bright, massive ten story high, rectangular shape, silver colored hanger, where all the saucers looked identical to the one he was just in. the lights above ran in long rows from one end to the other, lighting up the entire room.
The other boys peaked out of the saucer as well. They noticed Timmy hadn’t been taken out by a ray gun so they walked down the ramp, as quietly as possible. Not wanting to attract attention.
The massive hanger doors to there right suddenly opened to the blue sky causing the kids to jump and quickly move behind the saucer not knowing what was about to happen. They peaked out and watched other ships fly inside the hanger. Silently they landed in rows next to each other fifty feet across from the saucer the kids where hiding behind. The doors of each saucer rose up as a ramp lowered, three aliens walked out of each saucer without saying a word.
The kids watched as the four-foot gray aliens walked the length of the hanger to an empty doorway that lead into darkness. The hanger again fell back in silence.
Sam looked around the massive hanger, “This place goes on forever,” he whispered. He noticed how quiet it was. Most hangers were loud with vehicles moving around and people talking. The only sound he heard was their own breathing.
“This place is huge” Bobby whispered, “There has to be hundreds of small saucers lined up in here and we thought the one we saw in the forest was the only one”
Kyle looked around “If this is an alien space ship where are all the aliens? Anytime we see one of them stepping off their saucer they leave through those big doors at the other end of the hanger. Why are they not coming after us?”
Sam shook his head “They must be hiding from us, maybe there afraid”
Timmy was surprised “I can’t imagine anyone having this much technology being afraid of humans. Lets walk towards the doors where the aliens walked to”
“What? Why do that?” Bobby asked.
“If we want to return to earth we need to find someone who can help us,” Timmy said.
Sam looked over to Bobby and Kyle and nodded. They knew Timmy was right.
They started slowly walking through the hanger passing by ship after ship on both sides. The only sound was their feet on the sliver floor, still no life to be seen anywhere. A minute later they reached the end of the hanger leading into the dark open doorway. They peaked through the door and noticed it lead to endless corridor in both directions. The walls were bare of any color, just grey.
Bobby looked down both sides of the corridors “OK, which way?” he whispered.
Sam looked to his left down the hall and then his right. “They both look the same. I guess either way is as good as each other? Lets try our right and see where that leads.”
They all nodded and slowly turned and started walking down the empty, quiet hall.
They passed by room after room and peaked inside. Each room was empty of life.
“How can a ship this size be so empty?” Timmy asked, “We saw all those smaller saucers land, what happened to the aliens who stepped off of them?”
“Maybe they’re hiding, watching us on cameras.” Kyle whispered, “They want us to keep walking”
“Very odd indeed” Sam said quietly.
“I know what happen, they moved everything. So we wouldn’t tell anyone what we saw here,” Bobby suggested.
“Could this be a trap?” Kyle asked as he slowly moved along as quietly as possible.
Sam shook his head no “Why make us walk down a hall first? They already have us trapped on the ship. If they wanted to take us out, they can do so at anytime”
“Wonder if we’re the only humans on this ship?” Bobby quietly asked.
“Maybe others who’ve been abducted have been brought on board this ship. Like officer Reed.”
Sam thought back to the story he read about the couple abducted by the UFO. No wonder it was hard for them to recall their story. He was on the ship right this second and he couldn’t make sense of it. He could just imagine how weird it would’ve been under hypnosis. The ship did look the way the couple described it.
Maybe they where telling the truth. How could they make up such a story and have this ship look just like their description. He couldn’t image how many humans had been brought here while they were sleeping. Of course most people would think they where dreaming. Even he wasn’t sure if it was a dream or not. There’s nothing on earth someone could experience that would prepare you for this. No science fiction movie had ever come close to making an alien spaceship this real. Some how this was different. Movies try to hard to make a UFO look alien; this massive saucer just looks too real, somehow. It felt lifeless, just grey. As if the aliens lacked emotion. As if they had no reason to use color. Maybe they were above the need for color or art. Most humans would’ve had artwork hanging on the walls to express themselves. This hallway lacked all expression.
They slowly walked for a few minutes more and reached the end of the corridor. It would’ve taken them less then a minute to walk the hall if they moved at a regular speed but fear was slowing them down to a halt.
They turned to the right and saw a massive empty room, almost as big as the hanger. They looked at each other and silently agreed to enter inside. Where else could they go?
As they walked inside they looked up and where amazed. The ceiling had to be at least fifteen stories high and the room almost a hundred yards across, but again just like all the other rooms it was empty, only bigger.
Sam looked at the empty walls. He thought back to a book he read about the pyramids and when the archaeologists entered they found it massive and empty. He knew this is how they must’ve felt. Now he knew why the pyramids where large and empty, they must’ve been mimicking the inside of this ship in their design.
They slowly walked further inside staying close to each other. The only sound made was the echo of there feet inching forward.
Timmy couldn’t understand why the aliens wanted them to walk down a long hall only to end up in an empty room. It made no sense. Did the aliens want them on the ship to start with? Were they seen as intruders?
They were a few feet into the room when the large door behind them closed without making a sound. The kids jumped and looked at each other in fear.
“Were trapped. I bet they’re going to shoot us with ray guns now” Bobby said while nodding to himself.
“Ok, what’s happening here?” Kyle asked sounding nervous.
“Everyone stay cool” Sam whispered as he looked around the empty large room.
“I think the aliens might take there angry out on us. I bet they think we work with the General” Timmy said.
“This room might be their version of the coliseum. Strange creatures might come from all sides and attack us,” Kyle said.
“Why go after a bunch of kids?” Sam asked quietly, “Shouldn’t the aliens go after the supergun and the General”
“Never seen anything like this happen in a comic book,” Bobby whispered. “Normally there’s something going on, some type of action, not just kids standing around in an empty room.”
The four of them stood motionless looking around the empty room; each one’s minds were racing with a million thoughts.
The stillness was broken by a four-foot high rectangular door across the room opening upwards.
The kids stood frozen with fear staring straight ahead into the darkness wondering what was going to come out. They could see nothing beyond the dark. They each had their own thoughts as to what was on the other side, none of them pleasant. Ever movie they had seen about evil aliens flashed through their minds.
A moment passed and out slid a flat rectangle black platform with five chairs side by side. As the platform silently slid closer, the kids could see five tall, thin, grey aliens seated, each with big black oval eyes staring down at them.
The platform stopped thirty feet back from the kids as the aliens sat motionless for a moment.
The alien in the middle stood up and walked towards them. It stopped a few feet from them and looked into there eyes. “I come in peace”
The kids silently stared at it in disbelief. Each one was convinced they were dreaming. They had no idea how to act or what to say. Nothing on earth prepared them for such an event.
“That’s so odd.” Bobby whispered to the others as he continued to stare at the tall alien “I can hear the alien in my head with my own voice, is that happening for anyone else?”
Sam nodded “We can all hear him in our own heads. We don’t hear his voice out loud, we hear our own voice in our heads as though where thinking, but it’s his words”
“That’s so weird” Kyle said, “We can hear him as if he were talking out loud, but his mouth isn’t moving.”
The alien continued to look at the kids “We mean you and all humans no harm” the voice said in their heads.
“So why are you planning on attacking earth?” Timmy whispered.
The alien shook its head slowly “No, we’ve never had any intention of attacking any life on any planet. We are not a violent entity. We believe in peace. We know through peace all life grows. Violence only leads to sadness. We want to watch life grow. We want to see the humans, plants, animals, fish and all life on earth flourish over time in peaceful harmony” the voice said inside of their heads. “We admire the color and richness of your planet, from the earth itself to all life around the universe. Ever since we arrived we have admired the splendor of the earth”
Sam spoke up “The General said you found planet earth and want to destroy us. Want to enslave mankind, steal all the recourses. That you’re just waiting for us to put our guard down, then you will attack”
The alien answered, “No, we do not want to harm any creature on earth. We want all life to be free. Just like on all the planets in the Universe. Why would we enslave something that we helped create?”
Kyle couldn’t believe it “Made us? No way, that’s not possible”
The alien gently waved his hand to the right and the gray walls around the kids turned into glass. The kids could see the Springbrook Gardens underneath them. They could see the sky above.
“Ohhh, Cool” Kyle said “It feels like were floating on air. Are we really outside or still standing in the room?”
“This looks scary” Bobby said, “Looks like where walking on air.”
The mother ship fired straight up into the sky passing clouds along the way and off into outer space. The kids were freaking out, looking for something to hold to. They were convinced they were outside floating in space. They couldn’t tell if it was an illusion or reality.
“Look at this, its insane” Kyle called out.
“It looks so real, is it a movie?” Bobby asked as he watched the earth disappear under his feet. “Look at the earth, I can see all the continents and oceans at once”
The ship stopped and hovered in outer space. The kids marveled at the millions of bright stars. They could see the sun, bigger and brighter then ever before. They watched as the ship passed within feet of the moon. They could see details of where meteorites had crashed millions of years ago and where man first walked. As they passed by the dark side they saw countless UFOs that have landed.
Sam figured this is where UFOs stayed when not flying around earth. He now knew all the videos and rumors of the moon having UFOs were real.
The ship picked up speed for a few seconds and slowed down as it passed Mars.
It amazed Timmy how quickly they reached the red planet. It would’ve taken man over two years to reach this far, but the UFO reached it in seconds. It would be like going back in a time machine and bringing an airplane with you to a period when man crossed the ocean on boats and how it took over a month to do so. They would be astonished by the speed of the airplanes and how the crossing could be done in just a few hours.
The kids marveled at the amazing site of Mars. They saw the Valles Marinerus. Sam pointed out hills and valleys to the others. Sam tried looking for the face on mars and was surprised when he found out it was just a rock formation, so much for that theory. He knew the planet was freezing cold. He knew the planet looked hot from a distance because of its red color, fooling everyone about its real temperature.
The ship moved away from Mars and soon passed inside the asteroid belt. The kids marveled as giant sized asteroids passing by them by a few feet. Thousands of them moving at different speeds. Some softly deflected off the mother ship.
Sam looked for the dwarf planet, Ceres. He looked out for Vesta and Pallas as well, wondering if he could spot them from the ship.
“Look at all the asteroids, where did they come from?” Timmy asked.
“It was once a planet.” The alien said.
The other kids looked at him in surprise.
“Other planet?” Sam said, “There are some scientists who have wondered if the android belt was a planet that never formed, but there was no evidence. What happened to it?”
“It was a planet with life just like earth, millions of years ago. Long before earth had human life. Your earth had dinosaurs walking around on it while this planet was at its greatest. They had buildings and houses like earth has today. Their cars could fly. We discovered the planet and wanted to be apart of their wonderful world. We hovered over their capital city one day. We wanted to let them know life on other planets exist. Instead of embracing us as a planet, some of them feared us. It was a mistake to introduce ourselves so quickly. We learned from that moment. We now know introducing ourselves to a new world needs to take time.”
“What happened to them?” Kyle asked, “Why is their planet gone?”
“They had a great war. They once were wise people who built a great planet, but over time there ego and greed got the best of them. “
“Sounds like us humans” Timmy whispered to Sam. “Hopefully we won’t have the same fate”
It reminded Sam about the people of Atlantis.
The alien voice continued “In there time they discovered how to split the atom and built nuclear bombs. They had a world war and blew up their planet. That’s why we are so concerned over you humans and your nuclear bombs. We do not want you to end up the same way”
The kids looked at each at each other in shock.
Sam wondered why there were so many sightings of UFOs since the nineteen forty’s, now it makes sense.
The ship made its way to Jupiter passing by its sixty-seven moons. They could see Ganymede, the largest moon in the solar system. They also saw the moons called Lo, Europa and Callisto. They passed by the moon called Lo so close they could see the countless volcanoes. It wasn’t hard for the kids to tell Europa was covered by a cracked ice surface.
Sam knew most of the moons where asteroids and comets captured as they passed by Jupiter’s orbit.
The kids where astonished by the massive colossal size of the giant planet. They were speechless. They had never seen anything so big. Their minds could not comprehend the size. Even though they where miles back it filled up the entire window with its intense bright light.
Sam pointed out the on going hurricane called the giant red spot. Up close the storm looked out of control. No storm on earth could ever possibly equal it.
“Wow, look at it.” Bobby said in amazement. “It’s gone crazy. Forget a category 5, that’s has to be a 20. It’s larger then the earth itself.”
Sam looked for the spot were the meteor slammed in Jupiter. A meteor the size of earth. He was happy the meteor hit Jupiter and not the earth, or he and everyone he cared about would have blowin up. Nothing would be left of the earth. He was able to see the rings of Jupiter. They were hard to see on earth, but being this close gave him a chance to see them better. Making it the fourth planet to have rings.
“Don’t think we can land on it though,” Timmy said “I heard it’s a gas planet”
Kyle nodded “I heard on TV, that the gravity of Jupiter is so strong that if a human tried to walk on it, they would be crushed by it”
“Wooh” Bobby said “Crushed, like a pancake?”
“Yes sir” Kyle said, “You wouldn’t be able to stand up. It would pull you down to the surface, if it had one. I also learned that if a man lived on Jupiter his whole life he would be as strong as a superhero if he came to earth.”
“What?” Bobby said, “You mean a real life superhero?”
“You bet, because the gravity of Jupiter is so strong you would need a lot of muscle just to stand up right. On that planet you would be just like everyone else, there wouldn’t be anything super about you. However, if you traveled to a smaller planet like earth, you would have all that extra inner muscle. Your skin while on Jupiter would be like everyone else, but on earth it would be super thick and hard. Who knows maybe a knife wouldn’t be able to cut you”
“No way that’s so cool, what about a bullet, could you stop a bullet?” Bobby asked.
Kyle thought for a moment. “Not sure about a bullet, that would have to be tested. If it were a small gun fired from a few feet back, possibly. You would also be able to leap very high. Your inner thigh muscles would have to be super strong to walk on Jupiter. Just lifting one leg would be very difficult; over the course of evolution the muscle mass needed to make you stand up would be very intense. You would be able to walk on Jupiter and leap like everyone else, nothing special, but on earth your inner thigh muscles would be super strong compared to earth’s weaker gravitational pull. On earth you probably wouldn’t be able to fly, but you could jump up really high, more then any human”
“Leap over tall buildings?” Bobby asked.
“Not sure if you could jump that high, but your bones sure would be stronger and you wouldn’t want to get punched by someone who lived on Jupiter. Their inner muscle would be very strong”
“It would be amazing to meet someone like that” Bobby said while looking at the gas planet.
“You could probably be able to see further, because gravity pulls light down.” Kyle said “You’d need stronger eyes on your home planet. So, on earth you eyes would be stronger then a human”
“I’m lovin what I’m hearing” Bobby said.
The kids looked at the countless moons spinning around Jupiter.
The alien turned to the kids “Soon, humans will learn there is life on Jupiter’s moons.”
The kids looked at each other in amazement.
“What’s this? Jupiter’s moons have life?” Timmy asked.
“Not all of them,” the aliens said “Just the one you humans call Europa”
“That’s amazing” Kyle said, “When will man discover it?”
“In time”
“What does the alien life look like? Are they human, birds, dinosaur looking?” Kyle asked
“That must remain a mystery for now” the voice said.
The ship moved onto Saturn as the boys were stunned about how the ship was just a few feet from the massive spinning rings.
“Look at them” Timmy said astounded “They go around forever, around the whole planet. Seeing in in a book is one thing, but in person, it’s incredible.”
“Seven rings altogether” Sam said. “I read that Saturn has the lowest density of all the planets”
“Really?” Bobby asked.
“That’s true, if our oceans on earth were big enough, Saturn would float.”
“Get out, it would have to sink, its to heavy” Bobby said.
“I know, it sounds impossible, but it’s true”
“Timmy nodded “I read Saturn is another gas planet made up of Hydrogen and helium”
The other kids agreed.
Sam looked over to Timmy “A few weeks ago I read that Saturn has a moon named Titan, it’s the only moon with an atmosphere and its larger then the planet mercury.”
“What?” Timmy said “I never knew our solar system had a moon larger then a planet”
The kids spend the next few minutes gazing at the planet and marveling at everything it had to offer. None of them thought they would ever be this close to a planet.
Bobby wished he had his camera; he would’ve been able to get amazing pictures with better resolution then any satellite.
Sam looked to the alien “Where are you from?”
The other boys quickly looked over to Sam and were shocked by his boldness to ask such a question to the alien.
The grey alien lifted his hands and waved it like a wand. A 3-D star map appeared and floated in front of the kids. They could’ve walked round it if they wanted to and seen it from all direction, but the kids were too mystified to move their feet.
“We are 39 light years away from earth, a place called Zeta Reticuli.” The alien voice said in their heads.
The kids looked at each other, none of them had ever heard those two words before.
“I bet their planet is far from their sun,” Sam whispered.
“What makes you think that?” Timmy asked quietly.
“Look at how big their eyes are and how grey their skin is, they must be from a planet with low light. They would need big eyes to take in as much light as possible. Fish deep in the abyss have massive eyes in order for them to see. The alien skin isn’t dark or tanned. In fact it looks permanent grey.”
Timmy nodded “That might explain stories of abductions at night. Because they can’t travel in the daytime.” He whispered.
“You said something about you being responsible for mankind?”
The alien turned back towards the kids. The alien nodded.
Kyle whispered “How is it possible?”
“There are many alien life forms who travel the universe, we are one of them. We have traveled throughout the universe for millions of years seeking out new life and new civilizations. In our travels we have found a variety of planets with a diversity of life forms. Some more advance then others. Some planets have only microorganisms. Others have life similar to earth, the fish in the oceans and birds in the sky. We have found some planets where the life is more advanced then humans. Most planets are friendly sadly some are not. The universe has so much to offer. We have found life on ice planets were the heat from its sun does not reach. Planets were life exist without water or oxygen. Planets much bigger then Jupiter right next to it’s Sun. Some planets made up of nothing but water. Some planets hotter then Mercury which contains life. Some planets without a star or sun to revolve around. There out there by themselves in space”
“How similar are you to us?” Bobby asked
The alien looked Bobby’s way ever so fluid like. “We have lived for a very long time. We were once like you humans at one point, very primitive. Driven by an ego, by hunger for power, by war, by greed. We once had emotions. In time we learned emotions are nothing more then complex thoughts the brain cannot process quickly. The build of up thoughts is converted to energy. The energy is released through the body in the form of emotions. Positive thoughts create positive energy that flow through the body’s meridian lines as happiness. Negative thoughts create negativity that is felt as anger. Sadly, for thousands of years we cared only about ourselves. We believed greed was good, but we were young. We needed time to learn. We learned that the ego creates frustration within the body, that frustration is a negative feeling, putting our body into a negative state of being. Creating negative emotions in which we took out on each other. As time went by we learned from our mistakes and evolved. We learned that the base of suffering is the ego itself. Compassion for all makes us feel good inside. By letting go of ourselves and selfish needs and focusing on others and making them happy we interned found true happiness inside. Creating a positive flow of energy making us feel better and it released positive energy into our world, which then lead to world peace. Like other worlds we could not force peace in our world through the passing of laws by our leaders. Peace throughout a world has to come from peace within. You humans will do the same over time. You are young, like a small child you are driven by selfish needs. In time you will let go of your emotions and find calmness in your logic. You will let go of your need to be different and evolve into uniformity like us. Over time we learned to free ourselves of our ego and from it we found peace. We took our time in getting to know our enemies. Instead of judging them, we tried to understand their point of view. We learn the most important thing for peace is dialogue. We lost all need for war, for anger or judgment. We learned peace, love, knowledge and logic. We found love and compassion in all living things. When you let go of the need for power and over come the negative things that plague the heart like insecurity and low self esteem you find love, the world inside you becomes a better place. We once believed that happiness came from the outside in. We wrongly believed if you make everything around you perfect you could then accept yourself inside. Like humans we put are happiness into the future, believing if we acquired the right material objects we would then be content. However, when you put your happiness in the future you will be sad in the present. We lived for millions of years focusing on material objects. Wanting our homes, clothes, and everything we owned to be perfect. Hoping if we could make the outside perfect, then we could give ourselves permission to love and accept ourselves on the inside. You humans do the same thing today. You believe the thing you call money will lead you to true happiness, but it is that very belief which causes unhappiness. It’s not the money that causes the pain; it’s the false belief in what it can do for you. Over time we’ve learned to free ourselves of ourselves. We learned the perfecting of the outside is not important. We changed from a society of taking and became a society about giving. We learn to work together, to put aside the selfish needs of ourselves and work together as a society. Caring for others is what makes someone happy. Because of our actions we have found the true meaning of happiness. In time humans will learn the same things. Its not easy for humans to give, you’re so used to taking. Humans feel as though they need to control the future. This is understandable; in your life you felt sadness from the things you could not control. Hurt by the ones you loved. You felt venerable, weak and scared of being hurt again. So you developed the desire to control the future. Believing if you can control the future nothing bad will happen. Humans believe the goal of life is to acquire memoires without pain and believing it’s possible through control. When humans look into their past they see sadness when they focus on the future they feel fear, but sadly because you spend so much time focusing on the past and future you miss out on the present. When you let go of your quest for power you embrace a sense of freedom. True happiness comes from being here now, keeping your mind on the moment. Seeing the miracle of life in the present. Excepting all life around you as equal. Life is not like a pyramid with rich people at the top. All living things on earth and in the universe are equal. It’s like a straight line, with all the animals, humans, and the Gaia of the earth itself on that one line. When you embrace this idea, you embrace true happiness. The need for revenge and gossip only darkens the soul. We have noticed you humans’ fear being judged by others and compare yourselves to others far to often and harshly. We once did the same thing a long time ago, it only brought on sadness and anger from it, but we learned to free ourselves of worry. We learned not to judge people and it freed us from fearing judgments from others. The anger and frustration of life you humans’ carry inside of you, you will at some point take out on other people. If you want wars and violence to stop you need to find peace within. Peace within, leads to peace around you and then around the world. For they’re to be peace on earth you need to find peace within. Wars will only lead to more wars. Violence will only lead to more violence. The quest for power and to control others leads to tension. However, peace within leads to peace outside. Money can by happiness, if you spend it on other people. We have found while watching humans, they will sacrifice their health to make money; you will then spend the rest of your life using that money to get your health back. Humans are so focused and worry about the future you miss out on the present. You live as though you can’t die, but in fact because you did not find enlightenment its as if you never lived at all. Humans need to help others not just in there minds but physically as well. If you choose not to help others you must choose not to hurt them. Humans fall to learn that simplicity is the key to happiness in a complex world. Do not make your mind complex, just because life is. Governments passing new laws will never lead to peace. The only thing that will bring on world peace is morals and compassion. If humans choose material objects over compassion, the negative things of earth will go on. If you show love to all, then others will feel cared for. When you loose at something, do not fail at learning the lesson from it. The world needs to allow for change, but do not loose the love along the way. Set a goal for love in your heart and home, the world will move towards peace this way. Over time on our planet, our minds became clear, we found happiness inside and taught others around us. We as a society dedicated our entire existence on inner peace and enlightenment. It took a long time, but it worked. The wars ended and as a planet material objects no longer drove us. Our desire to learn increased. We found happiness and joy in learning and sharing. We wanted to learn about everything our world had to offer. After we learned about our planet we looked up to the sky and beyond. We wanted to explore what beauty and joy the universe had to offer. We discovered space travel. Similar to you humans our space-traveling ability was limited at first. We could only travel to our moons and neighboring planets. Those were big steps for us back then. We thought we knew everything about how the universe was created. At one point we too believed in things like the big bang theory, the speed of light being the fastest an object can travel, however all of our beliefs were proven wrong when another older, wiser, alien race more advance then us came to our planet to enlighten our minds towards the universe and space travel. They taught us how to travel faster then the speed of light with the use of superluminosity. They taught us about Tachyons. We used what they gave us to explore the universe not to fight, but to learn, to teach to guide”
“Another more advance alien race taught you. Wow, that’s cool,” said Kyle.
Sam was amazed “Faster then the speed of light, science always said it’s not possible”
Timmy leaned over to him “It was also believed at one point the world was flat, and the earth was the center of the universe, but we soon found out we were wrong”
The alien spoke “There are many things you humans believe today about life and the universe. In time you will find some of your beliefs to be corrected and others are misguided. Humans throughout time have always needed answers to the mysteries of your planet. You cannot live without knowing. You believed the gods where angry when the earth shook. Today you call them earthquakes. You believed the sun melted into the ocean each night and was reborn in the morning. Today you know about the rotation of the earth. It’s understandable, the human race is so young you will guess more then you truly know. We were just like you millions of years ago. We to believed we had all the answers. We are still learning today”
“Your not the oldest life in the universe?” Timmy asked
“No” the alien said softly “There are millions of alien cultures older then us who we have meet. Throughout the hundreds of billions of galaxies, there are billions of planets with life we have yet to discover. We have only encountered less then one percent of all planets with life. We have learned from so many of them over thousands of years. We have found ancient cites on some planets that date back tens of millions of years ago. We studied those ruins like you humans study dinosaur bones. We do not know who they were, but we know they were very advanced people who traveled the stars as well. Some galaxies even had there own government made up of planets much like how you humans have a government made of politicians”
“We always believed earth was the only planet with life?” Sam asked.
“We thought the same thing about our own planet long ago. Since then we have searched a small fraction of the universe and in the millions of galaxies we have discovered. We have found tens of millions of planets and moons with life.”
The kids all looked at each other in shock.
“Moons as well” Bobby said out loud “amazing”
“Yes moons can have life just like a planet can. Not only will you humans discover Jupiter’s moon called Europa has life, but Saturn’s moon called Titan has life as well. We discovered life on those moons as we entered you solar system”
The kids were amazed.
“Titan as well?” Sam asked, “That’s incredible”
Sam was confused “But our scientists said life cannot live in a planet so cold”
“Your scientists are young. They said life could not exist in the abyss on your oceans because sunlight did not reach down far enough. Containing poisonous gases, enormous pressure from above, punishing acidity. However, You have discovered life down there, just like it does on Europa and Saturn’s moon of Titan. Remember, life will find a way. Water and oxygen is what the Gaia of the earth used to create life on earth. However the Gaia of other planets will use whatever its around it to create life as well. The Gaia of all planets are connected through the universe in the dark matter”
Sam was amazed “So much life even in our own solar system. Imagine how much life is in our galaxy. Will humans find these planets?”
“In time” The alien said softly.
Kyle looked at the alien “What brought you to our solar system to start with?”
“The people on the planet I told you about after Mars that exploded, they could travel in space as well. Not as advanced as us, but similar to your level now. They had satellites like you and they could broadcast a signal into space like you humans can now. They sent out a primitive signal. It wasn’t primitive to them; it was advanced for there time, but it was primitive to the thousands of alien cultures who picked it up. That is how we knew the culture on that planet was young, based on how primitive the signal set out. Their signal could only travel at the speed of light. Proving to us they were still young in they’re development. If the signal had gotten to us faster we would’ve known they were more advanced. It’s how judge a planet’s intelligence. Because they we’re a young planet, the council made up of thousands of different aliens decided to send us to make first contact. We arrived and made the mistake of appearing to quickly. Causing some of them to panic and get ready for war thinking we were invading.”
Bobby seemed confused “But they sent the signal. They were looking for you and when you found them and wanted to communicate they got ready to fight. That’s so odd”
“You human’s do the same thing. Your scientists have sent out signals that have been detected by thousands of alien planets, but yet you have a military that builds an army and wants to shoot us down when we arrive. We understand though, your young. Some humans send a signal wanting to make contact where as other humans who control the army want to go to war. We have seen it thousands of times before on other planets.”
“What did you do when they got ready for war?” Timmy asked.
“The only thing we could do. We needed to back off and move back beyond Pluto for a hundred years, hiding in the Kuiper Belt. We needed to give them time to calm down. Over time we studied the other planets in your solar system including earth. We were amazed by the formation of the earth; we were fascinated by the dinosaurs, very interesting creatures to watch and study I must say. After two hundred years we returned to the other planet and over the course of another two hundred years slowly introduced ourselves, through a system called gradual exposure. We did not fly our ship over their capital building this time. We slowly introduced ourselves over many generations. We made sure our first contact was with their scientists. We need to let them know we came in peace”
“And your doing the same with us” Sam said.
“Yes, humans will learn about us in time. There will be signs. They will range from sighting of UFOs over farmlands and cities, crop circles, abductions and eyewitness accounts of UFO landings. These events are calculated and deliberate and will be done in order for humans to start talking about us, without us having to show ourselves completely. All abductions and sightings are planed years in advanced. Anyone who has witnessed a UFO sighing was chosen for the event. One of the events we planned and carried out was the message we sent back in August 15, 1977 from the Sagittarius constellation which you humans call the Wow signal. We only sent the message once on purpose. We kept it short for a reason. We wanted people talking about the possibility of alien life, without making everyone nervous. We want to introduce the idea of aliens into your world, slowly. This way people can get used to us through speculation and rumors, not actual facts. If the message had been repeated, some humans might’ve misinterpreted as an aggressive warning and prepared your army. This would’ve made all humans question us and develop fear towards alien life”
Sam looked at the alien “But the Wow signal is in question. Some say it’s nothing more then a signal picked up from our own satellite,”
“We know, it’s meant to be that way. We need people talking about us first, before we show ourselves. All evidence of our existence must be in question.”
“But what confuses me is, you said you made us, what did you mean?” Timmy asked.
“After the loss of the other planet, we were very disappointed. We watched a race of smart people go in the opposite direction we went in long ago, they let their ego control them. We moved towards enlightenment as they moved towards greed. We could not get involved. We needed to allow them to be free. Outside alien entitles are not aloud to interfere with another planets governments. Sadly, we watched the planet go to war, and its nuclear bombs blew up their planet. A large meteor from that planet shot across the solar system and slammed into earth. Sadly it killed off the dinosaurs. It was sad to see it happen. We enjoyed studding them for so long. Very intelligent creatures they were, but the meteor that hit earth brought life with it, the new life that mixed with the earth’s Gaia. It created a whole new mix of life from birds to monkeys. We were amazed by the incredible abundance of life. So much color, so much beauty”
3D holograms of countless animals and birds appeared in the room all around the boys.
The kids jumped back in shock and were speechless. They looked up into the sky and could see the bright sun and blue skies. They found themselves on a wide-open green field that went on for miles, tall grass around them and mountains in the background. They couldn’t tell if it was real or just an illusion. Their eyes lit up as they watched a massive nine-foot Wooly mammoth walked towards them and right passed their feet. They we’re amazed by sixteen-foot long tusks. They we’re sure the ground under them vibrated as it moved passed.
Bobby felt embarrassed when he jumped when a saber-toothed tiger walked up from behind and passed him by a few feet. For a moment Bobby felt like the Tiger was looking him in the eye.
Kyle pointed straight ahead to wide-open field. “Look at the wolves, they’re massive” Kyle said as he watched one walk by “Bigger then todays wolves. They look so strong. Guess they would have to be out here.”
Timmy pointed out the large collection of bison marching by a few yards away through tall green grass.
They could see the wind moving the hair on the bison, but their own hair did not.
“Look at that” Sam said in amazement “It looks so real, it’s as if the animals are right here in the room with us. Like were back on earth, thousands of years ago”
“Life before man.” Timmy whispered, as he looked around amazed.
“Everything looks genuine,” Kyle said, “As though we could touch the birds and animals. This is the greatest looking 3-D movie I’ve ever seen”
The kids started to freak out when the image around the room turned into the ocean. They found themselves standing on water with no land to be seen in any direction with a bright blue sky above. Massive waves crashed around them.
The kids were sure they we’re going to get their feet wet.
They started to panic when the water went up over their heads. They we’re convinced they we’re going to drown. They found themselves under the ocean but still able to breath. They felt silly thinking they needed to hold their breaths, but somehow it seemed so real.
Their eyes lit up in fear as a massive fifty-foot blue whale swam passed. They had no idea a whale was so huge, bigger then a city bus. The whale song it gave off echoed the room. They felt so much better as it moved by.
Dolphins swam up to them and slowed down.
The boys we’re sure the dolphins were looking right at them.
Bobby always knew they were smarter then they let on.
“Beautiful creatures” the alien voice said, “We enjoyed teaching them how to speak”
Sam looked to the alien “You can talk with them?”
The alien nodded “Yes, we taught the dolphins and whales how to speak”
They dropped deep into the abyss and saw the Ogrefish along with the Deep-Sea Lizardfish. The kids were surprised by how odd they looked.
The next thing they knew, the water switched to the desert sands. The sand tunes went on forever in all directions.
Bobby checked to see if his clothes were dry from being underwater.
Sam wasn’t sure if he was feeling hot from the massive sun barring down on him or if it was his imagination.
Timmy looked around and marveled at how clean the desert looked, so simple, so peaceful.
They next found themselves standing in a rainforest.
Timmy looked up at the massive trees, he could barley see a foot in front of him. The rainforest was thicker then the forest around his town.
Kyle waved his hand in front of his face to push away the insects. Even if they weren’t real they sure sounded like it buzzing in his ears.
Bobby was astounded by the variety of trees and planet life. Everywhere he looked he saw nothing but trees and brush for miles and could see a massive waterfall off to the left. The sound levels were incredible. It sounded louder then a downtown city block at rush hour. It looked busier then a city with the countless insects buzzing around and animals on the move. He was sure he could feel the raindrops hitting him on the shoulder.
Sam looked at the little frogs, the variety of birds of all colors, some flying, some resting on a tree branch. He was sure he saw a tiger somewhere moving behind a tree.
All the kids noticed the massive ape approaching them. It looked as though it could see them and was coming for them. It might’ve just been an illusion, but it sure looked real.
The alien spoke “We spent hundreds of years watching and marveling at the life on earth. Still haunted by the loss of the other planet and how we did not intervene in stopping them from building nuclear weapons. Over time we were drawn to the monkeys. They looked somewhat similar to the life on the other planet, the DNA mix created a creature who looked almost human, but had behavioral qualities of an animal. The one thing that amazed us most was the monkey’s emotions. They were so real and raw. They expressed themselves so clearly without holding back. It reminded us of what our ancestors were like millions of years ago. We wanted to understand how and why the monkeys expressed such strong, rich emotions. We knew this is what our own people looked like millions of years ago. It was if we were looking back in time to our own creation. However, after observing the monkeys for thousands of years we saw no evolution-taking place. So, after much deliberation we decided to intervene and do to the monkey what was done to our people by another alien race millions of years ago, which helped us develop into what we are now. The council aloud us to add some of our own DNA into the monkey’s DNA. We wanted to see what would become of these wonderful creatures. In time they evolved into what you humans call Neanderthals and soon into caveman”
The kids looked at the 3-D image of a monkey in the rainforest merge with a grey aliens and evolve into a Neanderthal. The monkey lost most of its hair, its jaw reduced in size, its upper body reduced in size, it started to stand up right.
“Look at that” Sam said, “That’s amazing. Look at the size the of the Neanderthal’s head, just like the head of the aliens. It really is quite the match. Mixing grey alien with monkey DNA to end up with the Neanderthal. Our science has had it wrong all this time. They never thought about alien DNA being involved in the making of mankind”
Bobby agreed “And the Neanderthal evolved into the caveman?”
“Almost” the alien said. “We knew they were capable of becoming modern man, but they showed no sign of evolving. So the council aloud us to add more DNA into the mix and they quickly became caveman.”
The kids watched as the Neanderthal quickly changed into caveman. The head reduced in size, the body slightly more upright.
Sam nodded to himself “That explains why Neanderthal disappeared from earth so quickly. There was no battle or starvation. It was a change in their DNA. Scientists could never example why they simply disappeared so quickly.”
Timmy pointed to the images “It’s the question researchers have been asking for decades. If we evolved from monkeys then why do monkeys still exist today? Why have they not all evolved?”
The alien nodded “We did not want to take the monkey away from earth all together. We wanted to leave some behind for you human to marvel at as we still do”
“The missing link” Sam whispered to himself.
Timmy looked to him “What was that?”
“Scientists could never find the link between modern man and the caveman. They knew caveman came from monkeys with the Neanderthal in between, but have failed to find any evidence to link them. Its baffled everyone for so long. How could they evolve so quickly and yet no evidence been left behind. Scientists wondered why Neanderthal walked the earth for so long and suddenly change into caveman. What made it happened? Why did it happen so quickly? They call it the missing link. Now we know why they can’t find it because the missing link is alien involvement. Clearly the new DNA in the Neanderthal affected the frontal lobes. It affects social behavior and abstract thought”
The other boys nodded.
“That explains caveman, but how did modern man come about?” Sam asked
The alien spoke “We stood back and studied the caveman for thousands of years. We wanted to watch the caveman grow over time. Watch it evolve into man, but sadly we came to the understanding that the caveman was never going to evolve. Yes, they had a few changes, but not enough to make modern man. The type we saw on the other planet. We wanted to redeem ourselves, help a culture grow and not sit back and watch it destroy itself. We could’ve watch for a thousand years more, but they were never going to evolve. The monkeys were not given enough of our DNA. The cavemen were still relying on the emotions of the monkey to make decisions. They were not using the logic we gave them. You see monkeys on earth have a great deal of emotion but lack logic. We aliens have evolved passed emotions millions of years ago and function off of pure logic. Together it was our goal to make humans. So the council back home decided to add a bit more of our DNA into the caveman. We don’t like interfering in our experiments, but we knew we had to. From that decision came modern man as you know man to be today.”
Sam nodded “Yet again, that’s why scientists can’t find the mysterious link between caveman and modern man.”
Timmy nodded.
Sam continued “The evolution to man happened very quickly, but scientists couldn’t understand why cavemen just evolved into modern man after thousands of years of no evolution. Scientists have tried understanding, but failed. Now we’ve just found out the real truth”
They looked at the 3-D images and watched the caveman evolve into modern man. It lost most of its hair, stood up right completely and was now able to use it hands and thumbs. It could now speak, not just grunts, but actual words. The thing that stood out the most was the eyes. The kids could tell modern man was intelligent by the sharpness in the eyes. It no longer had the blank stare the caveman had.
The kids watched as the modern man around them started building houses, villages, castles, skyscrapers and rockets blasting into space.
The alien spoke “This new modern man could speak. They could farm. Live in the same area for long periods at a time. The evolution experiment was working. We marveled at the beautiful sight.”
“If you have so much power why let us fight wars. Why not stop us? Take away our nuclear weapons?” Timmy asked.
“Much like how you humans watch animals and ants fight with each other without getting involved. We are not aloud to get involved on such a scale. The experiment is to let you grow and evolve without getting in the way. Human scientists do the same thing with their experiments; they stand back and observe, but do not interfere. We need to see how you love and fight. If we intervene then your ability to learn would be altered and possibly stopped. You might never live your life the same way again because you know we’re out there. Instead of living and growing you would just watch the skies looking for us. You need to learn about yourself first on your own time. You learn through your pain and happiness. We learn about you by watching how you deal with your conflict. Sometimes the hardest thing for a parent to do is to let their kids fail, but it’s through the failure you learn about life. The human race is very young when compared to the life of the universe. You are still little children, you will make mistakes along the way, but you will grow, you will learn. In time you will discover how to change and alter your DNA. You will be able to change a child before it is born. Fix the defects. Make it more intelligent by increasing the IQ. From education will come peace. The smarter you become the less likely you will want to fight. When you make education and enlightenment a global goal you will see a beautiful change. The more you study the human body the more you will respect it. Soon you will understand how to reverse the aging process and soon you will live forever with no disease. This will take time. Soon, you will be like us. Living with one conscience, we’re you work together. We cannot just give you the answers; we cannot give you the meaning of life. You would not understand it, but if you live and learn, in time it will make sense to you. That is how people learn the meaning of life, through understanding pain and finding the root cause”
“You don’t have emotions?” Bobby asked.
“Millions of years ago we did, but emotions are too many thoughts the brain can not process. Jealousy and rage are negative emotions. To avoid being hurt again like humans we used anger and violence as a defense mechanism. However, in time we calmed our minds and learned to focus on logic and use are words to express thought. Over time we forgot anger and rage. When we came to earth, we were amazed by the emotions expressed by the monkeys, how they showed love and anger. They seemed to go back and forth from happiness to anger so quickly without holding back. However they seemed to lack logic. What we added to the monkey was the DNA of logic. Today mankind is half monkey, half alien. Monkeys, like all animals on earth are unaware they will die, but aliens are aware. Your conscience awareness of life and death is the alien logical side of you. The emotional side of you is the monkey part. Sadly you have used your logical side to build powerful weapons, which you use against each other when your emotions flare up. Soon, in time as you get older as a society your emotions will be under control. You will learn to use your logical side to express yourself fully and calmly. Your need for emotions, especially anger will subside. However the one thing that amazes us most about humans, of all the planets we have come across you have expressed this thing called love. We have always wanted to know what love is. It is the one thing that baffles us. We cannot understand the complexity of what love between two people is and why you show sadness over the loss of a loved one. We can build ships that can travel the stars, but understanding love is still a mystery to all the alien life forms on all planets. We cannot find it anywhere in your body. There seems to be no explanation as what causes it, or how you express it. No chemical, or brain wave. Understanding love is beyond us.”
“Are you god?” Bobby asked
“A complex question with a far more complex answer. Humans haven’t learned enough about life and themselves to understand the answer to such a question. You have learned only one percent of what the universe has to teach you, you must understand more to understand the answer to such a complex mystery. You humans are young; you still care about money and ego. You must move on from these things and enlightened your minds to understand the mystery of the God question. For thousands of years we have been visiting earth, those who have witnessed us recorded our interactions as messages from the heavens, from the gods. This is understandable, for thousands of years mankind could not comprehend the idea of aliens or space ships. Sightings of us have been recorded as voices from the heavens or angels. Most people do not know, that preying to heaven is the logical alien part of you trying to communicate with other aliens when the emotional side of you gets out of control. In the past, sightings of a UFO would be recorded as a chariot flying through the sky. Most religions are started by interactions with us, however it not our intention to do so. The human mind is young; they fear the unknown and fear death. They need answers. Humans cannot live without knowing. They will look for answers anywhere they can. If they see something out of the ordinary they believe it has something to do with a higher power. Humans for the longest time believed we had the answer to the mysterious question, what happens to you after you die. They saw us as smarter creatures, believing we held the answer. Soon they believed we were the answer. They did not know what an alien was, there brain could not comprehend the idea of life on other planets. We do not want to be looked at as gods, for we to have a creator, who created the whole universe, who we have yet to see. We do not want people to look up and prey to us. We want them to believe in themselves. There is truth within, not out. You must find truth and enlightenment inside your hearts and minds, not through ego and power. Throughout time we have send messengers who you call Divine, they taught the message of enlightenment, they point the human race into the direction of the meaning of life, but it is up to you to find the truth within. There is no messenger we could ever send who could make the world perfect in one second. This cannot happen, it would mean taking over your minds and taking away your free will. It is free will that allows you to be unrestricted; it allows discovering the meaning of life on your own. But it also means you can be free to fight and kill. We understand this causes sadness. In order to learn your minds must not be imprisoned. By stepping into your world and taking over your minds would enslave you. We must let you be free to learn and love, but the dark side to this is your also free for negative things like murder and violence”
“What happens to the spirit when we die?” Bobby asked.
“Your conscience awareness of life is the alien logical part of you. You return to us. The light you see when you die is the tunnel from which we use to travel throughout the universe. The emotional part of you is the monkey. When you die the monkey part returns to the Gaia of the earth to become at one with it again. Dust to dust, ashes to ashes, and the whole of one. But remember the Gaia of the earth is the same throughout everything in the universe, so alien and monkey are still connected to the earth as we are connected to one thing.”
“We are logical and emotional? But are they not one of the same?” Timmy asked.
“That is why humans struggle while on earth, because of the combination of the two. You have the emotional impulse driving you to do something without knowing the long-term consequence and the logical side pulling you into the smart direction, knowing what is ethically correct. No other animal has this battle within, the ability to override a long term impulse with a logical thought.”
“You say you have visited earth in the past” Kyle said, “How many humans have you talked to?” Kyle asked
“We try to avoid interacting with humans as much as possible. We don’t want anyone seeing us. We only talk to the least of you as necessary. Not all humans are as smart as each other. If we suddenly appeared one day, some might panic; they would not understand what is happening and fail to remain calm. They might fear us and not let us explain that we come in peace. Therefore to avoid this panic we only meet with some humans secretly to give them a bit of knowledge to help mankind develop. The first time we taught humans anything was with the creation of fire. They went on to teach their children and the cycle of teaching generation to generation began. Without any of them knowing where the original knowledge came from. We can abduct humans while they sleep, bring them on board our ship and give them knowledge, they will wake up thinking it was a dream. A few days later they will have a new idea. Something they will feel compelled to pursue. The idea could be something that changes the world forever. The whole time never knowing we gave them the idea while they slept to start with. We did not have to teach every single human how to make fire for generations; we just had to teach a few. Anytime humans discovery something new their minds grow and new doors are opened making a higher level of learning possible. Humans then went on to use fire in other areas of their life. We don’t tell them what to do with fire, its up to humans to discover that on their own. Many years later we gave humans the knowledge on how to make heavy stones weight nothing, by reversing the magnetic pull from the earth’s core”
“You mean gravity?” Sam said
“Yes. Gravity comes from the earth’s core. Humans still believe gravity is something that pushes down on you from above, when in fact it comes from underneath. It pulls you down. The earth’s core is positive magnetic charge and everything on the earth’s surface is negative magnetic charge. Together it creates gravity. Many years ago we taught Egyptians, Druids, Rapanui, the Aztecs and the people of Atlantis how to make an object like a stone weight lighter then its original weight. Gravity has different weight density. The gravity on Jupiter is stronger then on earth and the gravity on Mercury is lighter then earth’s gravity. Much like how helium is lighter then air, making it rise. You can create an invisible wall around an object on earth and change the density of its gravity, simply by changing the magnetic pull coming from the earth core. Making it possible to move the heavy object by taking away it weight.
“Of course, it makes sense now” Sam said “Just like we learned in school, when you have a positive and negative magnet they attract each other. Two positives will repel. So if the earth’s core is positive and you switch the object on the earth’s surface from a negative to a positive a heavy object will loose its weight making it possible to lift heavy things. I bet that’s how coral castle was built. He must’ve known. I bet the aliens taught him.”
Bobby turned to Sam and whispered, “Now I want to learn everything about earth’s magnetic field”
“I see” Kyle added “And since the earth’s core is very big and the earths surface is round all the objects on earth will stick to it. If I lift my negative magnetic leg up, the positive charge magnet of the earth core will want to pull it back down. The aliens have figured out a way to switch the magnetics on the earth surface, hummm… interesting”
Timmy shook his head and spoke softly “Seven billion people walk the earth today, and yet only a very few know the truth about the world and how it really works, the rest seem to be living a dream”
Sam agreed, “I bet there’s a huge connection with the earth’s Lay lines. I read about a few months ago, how the pyramids around the world are lined up with each other on the Lay lines. There’s no way it could be a coincidence. Ancient man has known about Lay lines for the longest time, it’s only been in the past few decades’ modern man has rediscovered them. We called the people in the past primitive, which is just a polite way of saying dumb, but they knew about lay lines all along. Even the Chinese knew about them and called it Feng-shui. Trying to find the balance within the earth.”
The alien nodded “Its about balance with the Chi of the body and the Gaia of the earth and finding peace within and compassion for all living things. This will lead to world peace”
Bobby looked to the alien “Did you helped the people of Atlantis?”
The alien nodded “Yes, they are a culture thousands of years old. We worked with and helped them build a society. They were a smart people who even amazed us with how well they evolved. We know you humans today have the potential for greatness from what we have seen from the people of Atlantis. Sadly there culture was destroyed from an earthquake.”
“Did you tell the Egyptians to build the pyramids?” Kyle asked.
“What a culture does with the information we teach them is up to them. The Egyptians built the pyramids just like how the druids chose to build Stonehenge. We did not ask them to, it was something they wanted to build.”
“That would explain how the stones where moved such a far distance.” Sam said “People have always wondered how the druids where able to move such heavy stones over a great expanse” he looked at the alien “Because you taught them how to make a object weight less.”
The walls around the kids switched to Stonehenge. The kids marveled at the stones standing in front of them, they looked so real. They watched as the druids in white robes moved a massive stone with such ease. A group of druids stood on equal sides of the stone and with one hand lifted the corners of a massive grey stone up off the ground and up to their shoulders and began walking forward with no effort.
It looked to Timmy as if they were moving a large empty box. When the druids reached there destination Timmy wondered how they were going to stand the stone up right. It looked impossible. Without any problems the druids simply placed the massive stone into a pre dig hole and filled the dirt in around it. Everything Timmy was witnessing looked impossible, but then again he was onboard a UFO.
The alien nodded “The Egyptians chose to construct the Pyramids. We did not ask them too. By the time the Pyramids where being constructed we had not had contact with the Egyptians for hundreds of years. The knowledge on how to move heavy stones was given to a few Egyptian people a long time before. It was handed down from generation to generation. The people who built the pyramids did not know they where using knowledge handed down from us. In fact the first thing in Egypt built with the knowledge was the Sphinx.”
The glass walls around the children turned to 3D images showing the building of the Pyramids. The kids could’ve sworn they were in the desert standing in front the pyramids. They felt as though they could’ve reached out and touch it. Bobby jumped a bit when an Egyptian walked passed him, for a moment he thought the man was in the room with him. Sam was convicted he was feeling hotter from the desert sun above him.
They watched as an Egyptian man approached a square stone and stood next to it. He placed his hand over the stone and chanted a language the kids could not understand. It appeared as though the two and half-ton stone “lost its weight”. They watch as four Egyptian workers then approach the stone. Two men tilted it forward and placed a wooden beam under it. Long enough for the beam to stick out on both ends. The part of the beam under the stone was flat and smooth where the stone would rest upon. The six inch parts sticking out were rounded, creating handles. Another wooden beam was then placed under the front of the stone when two men leaned it back. The four men then picked up the wooden handles and lifted the stone with no strain. The kids where shocked to see something so heavy being lifted as though it was no heaver then Styrofoam. The men approached the pyramid and climbed up the side carrying what should’ve been an incredibly heavy stone without stress.
The kids felt nervous as they found themselves floating up into the air and landing on the pyramid of Cheops. They were amazed by the sight. They had never seen anything so beautiful as the sun reflected off the limestone. The kids knew the light reflecting could be seen for miles. What a sight it must’ve been at the times of ancient Egypt. Even today the pyramids are breathtaking, but back then, it would’ve been beyond all words.
It seemed so real Bobby thought they were going to fall off.
They could see the pyramid of Menkaure under construction off to the side.
Sam pointed out the Sphinx. The face was complete with the nose intact. They where amazed by how much color it had.
They all pointed to the River Nile in amazement. The amount of boats traveling up and down astonished them, like the roads of a major city gridlocked today.
Timmy looked to the alien “Why give them knowledge of how to make stones lighter? Why not give them knowledge on how to build a rocket ship? So they can travel to the stars like we can today?”
The alien answered, “They would not have understood the complexity of the information. Humans have to learn in stages. Like walking up a flight of stairs, you cannot jump any steps. If you do, the knowledge at the top of the staircase would not make sense. Imagine if you went back in time and tried to teach humans in the medieval period about quantum physics. They simple would not understand the complexity. Their minds would not be able to comprehend the level of knowledge. Even today there are things we wish to explain to your scientists about space travel, but your minds are too young too understand the complexity of what we have to teach. You need to learn at a gradual pace. Have time for things to sink in. Soon, in time we will meet with your scientists and give them more knowledge that will allow them to travel to other solar systems. You humans have a difficult time living with each other. Allowing you to visit planets with life would be unwise at this point. If you brought weapons with you, you might go to war with another alien race. It would not be far to another alien planet to bring a war to their world because we exposed humans to space travel to early. One day when you find peace within, love for all living things and each other. We will let you discover new life and new civilizations”
Bobby spoke to the alien “Why not fly over a major city to prove you exist? Wouldn’t it change our minds? Make us see things differently? It would speed up the enlightenment phase”
“In some people it would, but in others it would cause panic. We need to introduce ourselves to mankind over time, not all at once. The drastic impact of finding out there’s life on other planets will cause some humans to become nervous and build weapons to fight us. They might fear in invasion. We want you to expand your minds for love, not to build weapons that can hurt the earth and its beautiful creatures. Change scares some people. With that, fear can arise leading to wars and death. We will avoid this at all cost. We will take our time by gradually introducing ourselves to the human race, even if it takes hundreds if not thousands of years”.
Sam spoke “Some people have clam to have seen you, people who are not scientists. They claim stories of abductions”
“Yes, average people have seen us, we do this with meaning. After the abduction they will tell others what happened to them. Personal stories, slowly, over time the world will here the same stories from a variety of people with the same description of us. Through gradual exposure humans will get used to us and what we look like. When the time comes to reveal ourselves fully, the human race will be ready. All of this takes time. Humans are not alone in the universe, discovering life on other planets is necessary. Soon the time will come for you to join the universe family, to be apart of the millions of planets with life. To travel to other worlds billions of light years away and only take minutes to do so. The time will soon arrive when things like money, power, war, ego and greed will be gone. Taken to a higher level of living. Humans are young right now. If you find out aliens on other planets exist who are smarter then you, you might fear an invasion and build guns instead of finding compassion and love. We have seen this happen with other cultures on other planets. It’s sad, instead of being open to other life you just fear it. So we need take time with you humans, seeing as how emotional you are”
The kids watched as the 3-D images around them transformed to alien planets engulfed in wars. Fires burning out of control all around them as black smoke filled the skies. Buildings collapsing in the hundreds, innocents victims running from soliders with massive guns as thousands of rockets soar through a red sky leading to a tremendous loss of life and destruction all around. They saw planets that were once beautiful and peaceful, now gray, cold, destroyed, vacant of life because of war, the quest for power and greed.
“However, if things are done right, and the life on the planet grows at a steady pace, beautiful things can come from it”
The images around the kids changed to stunning beautiful planets. They found themselves standing on deep green grass surrounded by countless hills and mountains with hundreds of waterfalls, running rivers that seem to sparkle. Blue skies and miles of gardens with thousands of plants of ever color and shape. They watched as hundreds of alien cultures from all over the galaxy lived peacefully with one another, sharing compassion and kindness.
Sam whispered “Sad to think we still live on a planet were we judge one another by the color of our skin when we could be living peacefully with each other, getting to know the person instead of judging the outside”
Timmy understood “There are people on this planet who if they saw an alien they would want to kill it, not love in peace”
“We understand this,” the alien voice said. “This is were you kids come in, you have been chosen”
The kids looked at each other confused and then looked back at the alien.
“Us? “Bobby asked. “How?”
“You have been chosen. The world has been waiting for you, go out and tell others what you have seen here, spread the word. Teach others to find the light of peace within. In your life you will find some who will believe you, others will not. Your life will not be easy. There will be some who will deny you. Other will tell you to give up. Even the ones closest to you will tell you to stop. You will find the toughest resentence within your hometown. The other deities we have sent in the past found it difficult as well. They gave the world truth, and yet the world still questions the meaning of life. Not all will see the way, sadly some will turn away.”
Kyle looked at the alien “But how do we convince the world? What evidence do we have?”
“There can be no evidence this time. Only your word is needed. If there were physical evidence the world would be too distracted by it. They’re entire focus would fall on it, missing out on your teachings. I must tell you though, you will find through time there is no way to truly convince everyone of the truth. Many will not believe you, but you must push on. The time will soon be here for a higher level of learning for man. Time to move away from religion and find the truth. The secret societies have been holding the truth, waiting for the right time. Now the world must make a shift from relying on religions, to moving to understand a more complex truth. Religions made things simple; they lacked science and logic, however it gave humans what they needed to survive and gave them moral guidance. Long enough for the mind to evolve to a point where the truth can now be introduced. You must understand a change like this cannot be done over night. They’re many who fear death and question the existence of the origins of man. They will not welcome anything that challenges their beliefs. There is a new dawn for mankind. A change from the simple safe lives you have grown accustom, to a new way of thinking. Moving away from material objects and ego into something new and wonderful. A time to go into space, move away from the earth itself. See life on other planets and grow, but all of this will take time. It cannot be handed to mankind right away, it might cause chaos in some people, but over time mankind will see the greater truth. Learn he is not alone in the universe. Were the human body’s chi and the Gaia of the earth mergers with the energy of the universe. An end to war and the embracing of the serenity of the universe”
Bobby looked to the alien “But how can we tell anyone about peace, the army is down on Main Street right now. The General is trying to shoot you down with the supergun.”
The alien lifted his hand and moved it back and forth “No, the supergun had no effect on us. He thinks it did, but he was wrong. We knew the General was coming to this town. We wanted him to. We gave the General false information a year ago, which would lead him here. We needed to shut down his program and return the soldiers to there families. Never again will soldiers have to pretend they’re dead to join his program. They will be able to go home again.”
Bobby felt confused “But the guns the General used to turned off your cloaking devise are real. We saw it happen. The guns fired into the sky and made your ships visible after hitting them”
“No, we made it seem like the guns made us visible, but they did not. When the laser hit our ships we simply turned off the cloaking devise on board. We wanted the mother ship visible so when your story is told some of the town’s people will agree with you. Years ago while scientists were reverse engineering our saucer we made them believe they discovered the ability to turn off our cloaking devise. We knew the General would construct a gun from this discovery.”
Timmy spoke “The laser gun they used to turn off the power in the saucers had to be real. We saw one of the ships get hit and crash on the lawn.”
“We had full control over our ships at all times” the alien voice said, “We simply landed the ship making it look as though it crashed. We wanted you kids to get on board.”
The kids looked at each other in shock.
“Oh” Timmy said, “So, I wasn’t really flying the ship?” he said sounding a bit disappointed.
Kyle turned to Sam “They wanted us. This whole time, it was all a master plan.”
Sam nodded and agreed, “This wasn’t just a plan a few days old. It goes back decades. They had this planned before we were born”
“But what about the aliens onboard?” Bobby asked, “We saw them unconscious”
“They were fine the whole time,” the alien voice said. “They knew you were going to board the ship. If they had been walking around, you would’ve avoided getting in”
“We were chosen” Timmy whispered in shock “I bet it was you who saved me from falling off the cliff when being chased by the men in black. Even saved me a few weeks ago in the city when I was almost hit by the car”
Kyle nodded “I to felt as though something saved my life when I was being chased by the black car”
The alien nodded. “We have been watching over you, your whole lives, making sure nothing bad happened to you”
The kids looked at each other in amazement.
“By why us? Why choose a bunch of kids,” Timmy said
“You have been chosen to spread the word about what happened here today. We know you are the right ones. We know the true spirit inside people, when you become enlighten you see people for who they really are”
“What do we say? Who do we tell?” Kyle asked
“Tell people what you heard from me, what you saw happen in your town. Write books, travel the world and spread the word.”
“Were going to get laughed at,” Bobby said.
“Some will laugh, some will not. It will not be easy, there will be tough roads ahead, but you will help make the world a better place. This is apart of a bigger plan. Soon the world will be ready to see us. The world will be taken to higher levels. The human race is just in the beginning stages of growing. You must go now; you have learned all there is to learn today. Soon others will learn more, this is just another small step for the eventual announcing of us to the world, but it must take time” The alien turned and gracefully walked back towards his chair and sat down next to the others. The platform started to move backwards towards the open door. After it slid back into the darkness the door closed.
The kids stood in an empty room for a moment.
“Ok, so how do we get home?” Sam asked.
A massive flash of white light filled the room.

A moment later the kids looked at each other and found themselves standing on the sidewalk on Main Street. The bright blue sky above, as though they never left the town. There wasn’t an alien ship to be seen anywhere. The mother ship was gone, as though it was never there. The darkness cast over the town by the mother ship was gone, replaced with bright sunlight.
The military jeeps and armored cars were no longer firing. The town was quiet. Slowly the towns residence where coming out of there hiding spots. The kids looked around wondering what just happened.
“Is it me?” Kyle said “Or were we not just on a massive spaceship looking at Saturn? And talking to an alien?”
The other kids slowly nodded without saying a word. Each one feeling like they just woke up from a strange dream.
Bobby pointed towards the General’s jeep. “Would you look at that”
They watched as a military officer placed handcuffs around the wrists of the General and escorted him to the back of a military police car.
Other military officers where driving the armored vehicles and jeeps away from town, towards Forest Road. The soldiers in bright silver uniforms were being lead out of town by military officers.
The kids looked at each other confused.
“What’s going on here?” Timmy asked looking around for answers, “Who are these military officers and why are they arresting the General?”
Bobby watched as the last of the military jeeps were being taken away off of Main Street “It looks as though the war has stopped” he said and stood for a moment baffled “The guns on the jeeps are silent now. We left here in state of chaos, only to come back to silence.”
Timmy nodded “The General is no longer shouting out orders. The town seems so quiet now compared to the anarchy we left”
Sam spoke “There’s a strange calmness in the air, much like a day after a massive hurricane, were blue sky fill the sky after horrible dark clouds had been raining down havoc hours before.”
“I hope someone can explain to me what just happened here, while we were gone?” Kyle said
“How long were we away? An hour? More? Who knows” Bobby said.
Charles King walked along the sidewalk towards the kids. He stopped and smiled when he reached them “Did you get a chance to talk with the tall grey alien? That mother ship sure is big”
The kids quickly turned and looked at him in surprise.
“How did you know about the tall alien?” Timmy quickly asked.
Charles laughed a little “You see kids, I’m not really a reporter. That was my cover story. The truth is I’m really a scientist who worked with the General back in the desert base. This whole weekend was a long time in the making. The other scientists and I have been planning this with the grey aliens for years. We knew all of this was going to happen. We acted like we had no idea what the General was up to when talking to him, but it was all a smoke screen. We were the ones in control the whole time. We told him about this town’s name when we knew you were ready to meet with the aliens. We didn’t exactly know who you kids were, but the aliens told us how important you were. We knew all along the General’s guns wouldn’t work. I came here and used the cover story of being a reporter to meet with you kids, to keep an eye on you. I had to make sure everything went according to plain. I couldn’t just walk up to you yesterday and tell you I’m a scientist who works with aliens; you would’ve thought I was crazy. I needed to make sure the police didn’t take John Smith away before he had a chance to talk to you. I worked with him while he was in the desert base. I knew he was going to be here. Just wasn’t sure what mental state he would be in”
“I can’t believe it, the General was tricked the whole time” Sam asked.
Charles nodded “The scientists knew what the General was up to from the start. He thought he was in control but we lead him along. We only acted as though we had no clue. We knew the General wanted to attack the aliens at some point and start a war. He needed to be stopped. So we gave the false idea the aliens were going to attack, so he would bring all his weapons and men to one location”
Sam looked to Charles “You came here knowing all along the aliens were never going to attack out town and the General’s supergun was useless?”
“It’s all apart of the bigger master plain set up by the aliens. It’s all about they’re plain on gradual exposure. We all have a part to play. Some people are called upon without even knowing it.”
“What?” Bobby asked “Some people don’t even know there working on the gradual exposure plain, like a alien Manchurian candidate?”
Charles nodded “Some of the people who have been called upon will go on to make movies about aliens, some will write books, others will make little toys of grey aliens to sell to kids, and the whole time they have no idea they were called upon to do this, believing its their own ideas. They won’t remember being abducted and having these ideas placed into their minds”
“Were you watching over us the whole time, this weekend?” Sam asked.
“Yes, when you kids were walking towards the variety store, I followed you in the black car. I knew you would watch the black car go behind the empty building the top of Main Street and want to follow it out of curiosity.”
Timmy was amazed “So after Sam secretly over heard the General talking about the meeting in the forest, you knew we go out there?” Timmy asked.
Charles nodded. “That’s why the window was open a little bit. When the General had his back turned I went over to the window and opened it. The grey aliens knew it was in your personality to do something as daring as to spy,” he laughed. “And do everything you can to help save this town, instead of running away and looking after yourselves”
Timmy laughed to himself “It’s as if the aliens know more about us then we know about ourselves”
Bobby looked at Charles “Did the aliens ever abduct you at some point in your life?”
“I was called upon as a child for a greater purpose. I was abducted from a condominium in a large city. Strange isn’t it. The one place you would think aliens would never abduct someone, but they have the ability. They told me I had a job to do, that I was called upon to help make the world a safer place. There are people in the world who feel as though they have a calling. As though they were meant for something more out of life. What those people don’t know is, aliens at some point in their life have abducted them, since they can’t remember the abduction they feel as though they’re calling is from a higher religious power. I became a scientist and worked my way into the General’s UFO program, with a little help from the gray aliens. In fact all the scientists who worked with the General were called to be there, of course, the General never knew this”
“But if the General is powerful and no one knows about his operation, who are the men taking the General away now?” Sam asked
Charles laughed a little “There’s always a secret society bigger then the next one. The weapons used here today and the true location of the desert base can never be made public, this whole incident must be covered up. The world can never know the truth about what happened here”
Timmy was confused “But didn’t the aliens tell us, we have to let the world know about this?”
“Yes they did,” Charles answered, “They also said it won’t be easy. You see kids; I now have a new assignment. I have to become your enemy from this point on. I will become your biggest skeptic. For every interview you hold telling the world about this, I’ll be right there saying it never happened, even though we both know it did. It’s all apart of the master plain. Like the aliens said, there can be no physical evidence this time, only your word. The physical evidence will come later. The scientists who came here this weekend must now take away all the vehicles and weapons and hide them. In the next few months you kids will go public with this incident, the public will question your story, they will ask for evidence, and there will be none. Some people will believe you, others won’t, but over time the public will get used to the idea of aliens because of your hard work. We must introduce the idea of alien life slowly. If you tell your story, too many people will believe it right away, believe it or not, this is not a good thing. Why? We can’t have the public believing every story right away because if someone tells the world aliens are evil, everyone will believe it right away. That’s not good, but if I argue against you, the public will have to question and think for themselves. This is what we want. This way people cannot be manipulated into a lie. This will teach them to question every bit of evidence they come across in their lives. They will have control over there own opinions”
“Won’t the General tell everyone about the secret base and how you work with aliens?” Timmy asked
“Yes, he will tell the truth and end up sounding crazy. We will do everything we can to make him look irrational, so the world will never find out the location of the secret base. Besides, who would believe his story, it sounds too implausible to be true. He did such a great job over the years at keeping his operation so secretive, it will now work against him”
“There’s no way this could be covered up, it’s too big,” Bobby said, “Look at all the people here in town who witnessed the flying saucers”
Charles looked to Bobby “People here will question themselves over time. Some people in your town will deny anything ever happened because they don’t want the world laughing at them and calling them crazy. Others will deny because it causes anxiety to their sense of reality.”
“But the world has to believe us.” Sam said, “This will go down in history as the greatest event ever”
Charles nodded “There have been events in the past just as big, in which the world questions. Many decades ago a saucer crashed in the desert. The military even announced to the world they had discovered a UFO in the headlines of a newspaper, but it was covered up. the public was told it was a weather balloon. Now people question if it really did happen. In the end you can cover up anything. The public even doubts the Wow signal, how much more clearer could that have been”
The kids looked at each other confused.
“Were do we go from here?” Timmy asked
They stood in silence.
Three months later
On a warm summer’s day, the kids sat on the swings slowly rocking back and forth in the playground across from the grade school. There heads down each feeling depressed, a few cars passed by on the street.
“I can’t believe the newspaper reporter laughed off our story” Timmy said disappointed. “I really believed going into the city and telling our story to reporters would’ve shown the world what happened here. Instead the reporters got up and walked out halfway through the interview without recording a word we said. One reporter said we should take our made up story to a comic book convention. How can the world not believe what really happened here? This is the biggest story of all time. We were taken on board a giant saucer and told the origins of mankind and no one believes us. Every newspaper in the city said they would never print such a silly story. Telling us its sounds like the plot of a low budget B movie.”
Bobby nodded “The newspapers would rather focus on movie stars and celebrities wannabes”
“The only people who would listen to us were the tabloids. They had no problem printing our story.” Kyle crumbled.
“They print the truth on UFOs” Sam said.
“The problem is no one believes the tabloids,” Timmy said
“I wanted this to reach the mainstream media” Sam said in frustration “I wanted the world to hear and believe every word, but the reporters told us to run along because they don’t publish made up stories from kids. We sit here knowing the truth about aliens while the world goes on caring about boring things like money and cars. Why’ll the whole time there are planets in are universe with life.”
Kyle agreed, “Everyone is to busy caring about their bank accounts then to look up in the sky and wondering”
“How can we convince the world we were on board a flying saucer?” Bobby said, “We were given the knowledge of the creation of man and no one will listen. What we know should be taught in schools”
“The aliens did tell us the road would be hard,” Sam said
“Even are own parents are telling us maybe its better not to talk, and to honest I think even they question us” Kyle said
“How fast the world would stop fighting wars if they knew the universe had more to offer” Timmy said “We would stop worrying about boring things like TV or cars or even what our neighbors think about us?”
The kids lowered their heads and sat in silence for a few more minutes, as the playground swings rocked back and forth.
Sam looked up and noticed a young boy walking across the grass from the parking lot towards them.
The young kid with red hair, wearing a baseball cap, spoke in a quiet voice “Are you the cry wolves gang?”
Sam nodded slowly, too depressed to look up or act happy.
“I believe you” he boy said softly.
The other kids slowly looked up at him.
The young boy took out a rolled up magazine from his back pocket “I read your story in the tabloids. We came from the city to met you”
“We?” Kyle asked
“Yes, all of us.” The boy smiled “There are hundreds of us who meet once a week on-line to talk about what happened to you. We know the story sounds impossible to believe, but we do believe. We started a website to get your story out to more people, spread the word, so to speak. The members are located everywhere around the world. All different age groups and backgrounds, its not a website for one type of religion or culture. Its open to everyone, it unites us all. A few of us traveled here today to meet you. The other kids are in the car by the parking lot, there a bit nervous to come over and talk the four kids who had an amazement moment to talk with an alien, but we would like to hear the full story from the actual cry wolves gang so we can post it on-line, if you don’t mind”
The four boys looked at each other.
“It’s a start,” Timmy said.
20 years later
Inside a TV studio sound stage, bright, warm lights lit up the set. Cameraman Cliff Mills pointed camera one at the black rectangle table. Four chairs where on one side and a single chair on the other. The side with four chairs had the guests already seated.
Luke Jones the host of “Talk Now” walked onto the set and took his seat across from the guests.
Linda the makeup lady checked over his hair one last time as the director behind the camera informed everyone there was thirty seconds to live air.
Twenty-five seconds later Luke looked into camera one, paused for a moment and smiled as the red light came on. “Hello everyone I’m Luke Jones your host for Talk Now, thank you for tuning in. Where we bring you insight into today’s biggest headlines. Our guests tonight are four members of the cry wolves’ gang who were in the town of Springbrook Gardens twenty years ago when according to them, aliens visited their town. It’s a story, which has become legendary. Each man is a respected scientist in he’s field who’s written many books on the subject of aliens and life outside earth. They are here tonight to discuss their newly published book, which is a collaboration of all four men tilted, Alien invasion and the origins of man: The twenty anniversary.” He lifted up a copy of the book and showed it to the camera. “Each man has written their own books as individuals over the years, but this is there first one as a group”
He looked away from camera one and turned towards the four men sitting across the table from him.
Camera two cut to a wide shot of all four men.
Luke spoke “Not only do they claim aliens came to their town inside a massive mother ship, but they also claim the military was there on that Saturday afternoon to shoot them down.” He looked back to camera one “This story has been told many times through the years. In fact a few years ago a movie was made of the events of that weekend. Skeptics say the movie is silly and complete fiction, others believe the movie is completely authentic and based on fact. Let me introduce the four men now”
He turned to the first guest sitting across from him, as camera two cut to a close up “This is professor Sam Wilson. He’s authored books on aliens who have visited earth in the past. Visiting the ancient Egyptians who build the pyramids, the druids who build Stonehenge. The construction of Carnac. Where over three thousand stones stand in rows, some weighing in over two hundred tones. Said to be over three thousand years old.”
Sam smiled at the camera.
Luke then turned to Timmy as the camera paned over “Here is professor Tim Dalby. He’s written books on aliens living peacefully on earth alongside mankind and how we can mature as a society for it”
The camera got a close up of Timmy who smiled.
“Our next guest is professor Kyle Red who’s many books are about the cover ups of alien encounters and fears people have about coming forward after seeing a UFO”
The camera paned over to a close up of Kyle, he smiled and lifted his hand and gave a short, quick wave.
“Our last guest is professor Bob Oliver his books deal with earth’s future and what aliens will mean to us in the next few years and millennium.”
Bobby smiled for the camera.
The director cut back to camera one and had a close up of Luke “Well known skeptic Charles King claims the events in the book did not happened, nor could they have possibly happen. However, there are millions of people throughout the world who believe the story. Over the years the legend has grown. Taking on a life of it’s own. The movie created a massive controversy appearing in headlines all over the world for months. To be honest I can’t remember any other movie creating such controversy. The public’s opinion is either black or white. You either believe the events happen or you don’t. Each year on the date of the anniversary, countless believers flock to the town of Springbrook Gardens for the event known as the annual alien variety show. It started off fifteen years ago with a few kids showing up, since then the crowds have gotten larger by the hundreds. Last year the number was in the thousands. Kids of all ages take part in a stage play reenacting the battle said to have happened between the army and the aliens. Fireworks, and musical events also take place all weekend long, just as it did on that weekend twenty years ago. Legendary rock group Fly by Night still show up each year to perform. Fans attending dress up for the weekend has become quite the event on to itself. Some people arrive in town dressed up as the General, or the men in black. Some arrive dressed as John Smith also known as the crazy man and some even arrive dressed up as my four guests. Of course many arrive dressed up as the grey aliens.” He looked back to the four men “You said the military came to your town and tried to destroy the aliens spacecraft with top secret weapons. We tried contacting the military to get their view on this. However the military has gone on record saying none of this ever happened and you guys are selling a hoax to make money.”
Kyle laughed a bit “Of course the military would say that. They’re not going to come right out and admit to the whole event. That would be admitting the military was going to bring down an alien spacecraft on a small town. The public would be outraged knowing the military kills its own people.”
Timmy cut in “Keep in mind this was a top secret mission. Not everyone in the military knew about this operation. In fact about ninety nine percent of the military brass had no idea. They are telling the truth when they say they had no idea, because they were in the dark, just like the public. The General ran the most top-secret operation ever developed. The majority of the highest ranking officers in the military were in the dark over this”
Luke looked to Timmy “Interviews have been done with the General in which he claims the aliens are evil and wants to destroy the world. Your book talks about aliens meaning us no harm, but the General is saying the complete opposite. The public doesn’t know who to believe”
Timmy nodded “I understand. There are people who will always believe in the world is under a threat. When the white man came to the new lands they took out all the life of the natives because they felt stronger. The General feels the aliens will do the same to us. He believes the aliens would look at the earth and want to eliminate the human race because we are weaker.”
Luke looked over to Bobby “Skeptic Charles King says the world should not even bother listening to the General in the first place, because he’s a crazy man who rambles on about secret military bases out in the desert and evil aliens. The military has gone on record saying nothing on this scale could remain top secret. That at some point all secrets are made public”
“Well were here now, talking about it.” Timmy answered, “So yes, it is true not all secrets remain secret.”
Luke looked over to Sam “Charles King says all of this being top secret is too convenient. He says anyone can make up a lie and say the public never knew about it because it was top secret. He says the use of laser beams by the military is impossible. They do not exist. If the military had these types of weapons why not use them in todays battles?”
Bobby spoke up “The weapons are locked up. If they ever did use lasers in war the public would look at the advanced technology and question the military as to where it came from. It would prove our story right. Something they do not want to do.”
Luke turned to Bobby “The man named John Smith. Or the nickname the world knows him by, the crazy man, who was he? What do we know about him? You have mentioned him in your book, but investigations into his identity comes up empty. It looks as though he appeared out of nowhere and disappeared back into obscurity ”
Bobby laughed a bit “Out of everything we encountered that weekend, trying to figure out who John Smith is, still baffles everyone”
The three other men on the panel laughed in agreement.
Luke looked to Kyle “Have the aliens ever come back to you?”
“No, none of us have seen them. They’re not in a rush to return. It might take years or decades before they come back. We probably won’t be around when it happens. It will be future generations who will see them again. We as humans want everything done quickly. However, alien time is different then human time.”
Bobby agreed, “I don’t think they will come back to us. We had our visit. It will be someone else, some other place.”
Luke turned to Sam “Some might ask where’s the evidence? There are a lot of words, but no evidence to prove your story. Why has no one seen the mother ship flying around if it’s so big?”
Sam answered “Oh it’s out there. They can fly right over your house and you would never know it. They know about camouflage more then humans could ever imagine. They make themselves visible to us when they want to. Evidence isn’t needed now, it’s about the public hearing our words and either accepting or rejecting the story through faith. Some of the greatest stories ever told have no evidence to back them up, but are believed only through faith. It’s up to the public to decide what to believe after hearing our story.”
“Tell me more about the weapons the General used” Luke asked.
Sam nodded “The General had a secret operation where they reversed engineered a UFO and they believed they found a weakness. From that weakness they built two powerful lasers to shoot at a UFOs. One would turn off its cloaking device and make them visible to the world; the other would shut off the power causing the saucer to come crashing down to earth. He wanted to use the weapons to show the aliens how powerful mankind can be. He wanted to scare them away from earth forever”
Kyle added “However its important to point out, that the lasers never had any effect on the UFOs. The aliens simply turned off the cloaking device and power to their ships when they wanted to, making the General believe the lasers were working”
Luke spoke up “For the record the military has said they do have secret military bases out in the desert, but they have nothing to do with UFOs. There nothing more then a testing location for their secret prototype airplanes and has nothing to do with alien space craft.” He turned to Timmy “But why doesn’t the mother ship just hover over a major city and get it over with? If aliens flew over a major city, there would be no skeptics like Charles King. The world would believe you”
Timmy nodded “Such a risk cannot be taken. It might cause a panic. A panic no government could control. The type of panic that no army would be able to stop. You might end up having the military shooting or arresting it’s own people to calm the riots. Governments do not want to take that risk.”
Bobby added, “Not everyone would panic, the vast majority of people would be shocked at first to find out about alien life, but they would come to except it, but a few might not, and those people might have guns. All it takes is for one person to panic and it causes others to panic as well. One person runs around saying the sky is falling and the next thing you know, a million people are running around saying the same thing. People can be influenced by one person in a horrible way”
Sam agreed “But if the aliens visit slowly over time and each person who encounters an alien tells their story, then in time society will come to except the idea of aliens, and when the day finally arrives when the grey aliens show themselves to the world it won’t be a massive shock. It’s called gradual exposure. If aliens back in the 1940’s had landed in a major city. The public might’ve reacted in fear. Not everyone, but some, but it only takes one or two with a shotgun to make a situation really bad. Can you guarantee no one would’ve panic? That everyone on earth would’ve remained calm? The aliens did not want to take such a massive risk”
Timmy added “Look at it like this. People need time to get used to something new. When the television was invented adults who grow up with the radio didn’t like it, they didn’t want one, but the kids who grew up with the TV couldn’t live without when they got older. Why? Because they didn’t know life without a TV. When cell phones came along adults for the longest time didn’t buy one. They still used the landline. Where as kids who grew up with cell phones accepted them without question and now as adults can’t imagine life without one. You accept what you grew up as a child as life.”
Kyle spoke “If one morning aliens suddenly appeared all over the world over major cities, with their different appearance, some adults might panic. Adults today did not grow up with aliens. If they saw them, it would cause a disruption in status quo. Everything we believe in terms of religion and life would be called in question and threatened. It would be too much, to soon. Something of this magnitude has to take time”
Bobby added, “So, to avoid panic, the appearance of the grey aliens will be exposed to the public slowly. So when the time comes for the human race to see aliens it won’t be such a shock, because children would’ve grown up being exposed to the face of the grey alien in TV shows, comic books, and movies.”
Timmy spoke “Will people still be surprised when a UFO lands in a major city one day? Of course, but not as bad if it happened suddenly one day out of the blue.”
Bobby nodded “Humans have a difficult time as it is excepting each other with the little differences that we have like skin color, now you talk about adding a new alien race to earth? That may not go over to well with everyone. Sadly we have some humans who pride themselves on their hate for other races. They might take advantage of people’s nervousness towards aliens as an opportunity to promote more hate and encourage others to join in their hate groups”
Sam added “Over the next few generations, there will come a day when everyone on earth has grown up with the face of the grey alien in there minds. The adults of today will die off and the kids of today will become the adults, who will have their own children. They will grow up being exposed to the face of the grey alien. In time you will have a planet made up of people who been exposed to the grey alien face. This might go on for many generations. So when the gray aliens do show themselves it won’t be that massive of a shock. The idea of grey aliens and what they look like will be so integrated into our minds that people will believe aliens are real without even having seen one.”
Timmy nodded in agreement “It will be the first time aliens have landed in front of the entire human race, but humans at that time will believe they’ve been living amongst us for the longest time because their parents have been exposed to them, along with their parents. All because the face of the grey alien has been so integrated in society, pop culture and history. No one in the future will know there was a thing called the gradual exposer mission”
Bobby nodded “Keep in mind grey aliens are not going to land on earth tomorrow. This might take two hundred years for this to happen. This takes time. The first true real exposure mankind might have is a mother ship flying over a major city for a minute then leaving. Not to return for a few decades.”
Luke looked puzzled “Why would they leave after a minute?”
Bobby answered, “Incase the public fears it’s an alien invasion. People don’t like change. Humans like things staying the same, day after day. A lot of people don’t like boredom, but at least its predicable. Some people might get nervous seeing a massive alien ship overhead. The public has seen too many movies where UFOs hover over major cities only to attack.”
Timmy laughed, “Lets take a moment and image what might happen if a massive UFO hovered over a major city for a few weeks. Not doing any harm, mind you, just hovering. Well, for starters the military would start getting nervous. Some of the public would feel anxious, no one would go to work, and they would all stay home watching the news. The economy would start to suffer. Some people would leave their homes in a panic and head for higher ground. The army would be brought in to make sure there were no riots. World leaders would gather to debate what to do. There would be a question as to what country would have the right to attempt communication. Would it be a global event or would one country try to communicate on its own?
Sam added “Imagine if the country the UFO was flying over wanted to shoot it down, would other countries have a say? Even try to stop them with a military strike? What if the UFO hovered over the ocean in international waters? Who would have a say then? Technically, no one owns the middle of the ocean. You see a UFO appearing over a major city for a certain amount of time could cause problems. However, if the UFO appeared for less then a minute and left, it would get the entire planet talking. Of course, there would be a few who would be nervous, being on edge, always looking up wondering when the UFO would come back. The media would make it worse by exploiting everyone’s fears for ratings. The military would be on full alert for the next few months, ready to fight” Sam paused for a moment “But after a few months of waiting the public would reduce their fear and replace it with natural curiosity. They will start to ask questions like, who where they? Why did they leave? Where did they come from? Our desire to understand would replace our sudden fear. Soon, the people will start hoping for there return.”
Luke looked over to Bobby “There were people who lived in Springbrook Gardens who were there that day, who claim none of this happened. Why would they say such a thing if they saw the UFO with their own eyes?”
“Some are afraid of the backlash from the public, and being laughed at. Some people don’t want to believe in aliens, it disrupts their safe simple world were they know what will happen throughout their life. Knowing there’s life on other planets calls everything they grew up believing including their religion into question. It can cause worry and anxiety. Many people turn their backs because it’s safer. A black and white world is more predicable then a world of grey, how ironic they’re called grey aliens.”
The other guests chuckled.
Bobby went back to speaking “Those who were in Springbrook Gardens question themselves because it’s safer then dealing with the truth. Living a simple life is possible when you don’t question it. Some deny it because they don’t understand what happened, nothing they had ever seen in their life could prepare them for such event”
Luke turned to Timmy “How can the government cover this up so well? Wouldn’t some politicians come forward by now?”
Timmy nodded “Well, the first thing we need to do is to stop using the word government. People have always asked the questions why doesn’t the government admit to the world aliens exist, because politicians don’t know they do. After the UFO crashed in the desert many decades ago some politicians were informed. However it became clear to the scientists the fewer politicians knew the easier it was to keep it a secret. So a secret wall was built around the project. The day came when everything to do with aliens and government were separated.”
Timmy added, “The scientists who work with aliens are not mad scientists you see in movies. They’re not members of a secret society with hidden symbols or secret handshakes, they’re just hardworking scientists who want to understand the aliens. They want to work with the aliens to help make this world a better place. If they truly were mad scientists, they would never have succeeded in their field. Unlike a movie where mad scientists have great power, in real life a mad scientist would never be hired by anyone to start with. Aliens would not have contacted them in the first place if they were mad. Scientists don’t allow the garbage of politics to get in the way of their work. If politicians knew about aliens and gave their opinions it would be a nightmare like everything else in the government. Have you ever known the government to get anything right? Can you risk them getting involved with alien work?”
Sam added “You put a group of people together in a room with a problem that needs solving. The majority of them will fight, only expressing their own point of view, not caring about seeing things of someone else’s, but there might be one or two people in the room who are calm level headed individuals who have great ideas on how to solve the problem. These people don’t fight, they don’t yell and they respect other people’s points of view, however these people can never get their point across because the loud mouths in the group won’t stop talking. Because the egomaniacs in the group go on and on with there own opinions the problem never gets solved. If you were to take the level headed people out of the group and have them talk to each other alone, the problem would be solved right away. This happens all over the world, countless problems never get solved because loud mouths only want there opinions heard never allowing the level headed people to speak up and give logical ideas to solve the problems. Well, the aliens know our personalities better then we know ourselves. They know who the levelheaded people are in a group. They will contact these people who will then work together at making the world a better place”
Bobby said, “Why do politicians have to know anyways? Politicians come and go from office in four or eight year cycles. Can scientists trust them not to talk when out of office? Too many people would end up knowing if all politicians voted into office were told”
Sam nodded “Its not like someone runs for office and there told right away about aliens. In the last few decades no one elected to any level of office has been briefed about aliens. Why? Because the more who know, the more who can talk. Scientists can trust each other not to talk because there smart enough to know not to. Not out of fear, but out of understanding that smart people need to stay together. Too many dumb people in this world, who can mess up a good thing”
Timmy spoke as Luke looked over to him “Everyone thinks they’re smart because they have an opinion. Just because someone has an opinion doesn’t make them smart, they just think they are. No one ever admits to being dumb. It’s the one thing all humans have in common. Grey aliens avoid people who are opinionated loud mouths. You can get a lot more done with a calm, rational, educated scientist then a hot headed opinionated loose cannon”
Luke nodded “Why did the aliens choose you four individuals at such as young age?”
Timmy answered, “Aliens work with scientists on advancement in technology in the world of science, but they choose a wide variety of everyday people to tell their story from an emotional point of view, to help the world become enlighten.”
Bobby added “All types of people have been selected by aliens over decades, from farmers to seniors to, married men and women to teenage kids. The aliens want different kinds of people from all walks of life telling the same story. If all witnesses were from the same country or age, skeptics would just write it off.”
Luke turned to Kyle “In your opinion why don’t scientists come out and tell people aliens are real?”
“They want to work in private. If the world knew scientists worked with aliens you might have some crackpot with a gun who doesn’t like the idea of aliens on earth and might go after the scientists. The military will be in a difficult position. They would have to stop anyone from getting too close to the location were the aliens were kept. This could lead to a messy problem were the military might have to defend the location by shooting or arresting humans in order to protect aliens. The media will be all over it. It would raise the question, who should the military protect, humans or aliens? The scientists would not be able to walk out their front door to go to work without the media surrounding them asking countless questions about their job everyday. They wouldn’t even be able to enter the front door of their office building without the countless protestors standing outside demanding to see the aliens. In the end, it’s better if it’s kept quiet.”
Sam spoke “Some people will get nervous and will ask questions, like are the aliens stronger then us? Can they take us out with a super weapon? Even though the aliens are peaceful, the answer is yes they are smarter and stronger. However they don’t mean us any harm, but you can’t control the few humans who might panic and want to go to war like the General did.”
Kyle nodded “If the aliens did mean war. They would’ve came after us hundreds of years ago when man had no weapons to fight back with. Why wait until man had nuclear bombs and jet aircrafts? There has been no war because war is not who they are. They come in peace.”
Timmy added, “If they were not peaceful, we would not be here today”
Luke turned to Kyle “What about videos and pictures of UFOs, how many of them are faked? Which ones do you believe?”
“Of course the vast majority of them are not real.” Kyle said “We cannot believe every single picture is real, however we cannot rule out every single picture without even taking a look at it. We cannot believe everyone who’s taken a picture of a UFO is lying, only looking for fame. Some take pictures believing they truly are photographing a UFO, but it turns out to be a plane or a star. It happens all the time. In the photographers heart they believed it to be a UFO, but in time its proven not to be the case. In fact over ninety five percent of all photos can be explained logically, but every so often a video or photo cannot be explained. Not all of those people are looking for fame, in fact a lot of people who claim to see a UFO don’t find fame at all, they only find ridicule and laughter. They embarrass their families. Friends stop talking to them. So, where is this fame they’re looking for? People don’t make money off of UFO pictures. The fame turns out to be shame, but yet they still come forward anyways because in their hearts they believe they truly saw something. In some rare cases they truly have.”
Sam nodded and Luke looked over to him. “I’ve seen many cases where people have told stories of alien abductions and end up losing their families and jobs. Family members and friends stop talking to them. Children are taken out of the home. They end up moving to a new town. It’s not like blockbuster movies are made every time someone sees a UFO and that person ends up becoming a millionaire. The majority of the time, it’s the complete opposite.”
Timmy added “You might ask yourself, why do we label someone who claims to have seen a UFO as crazy? The answer is clear, because we have been programed by society to do so. You and a friend could be walking down a street one morning and see someone approaching you. The individual looks like a perfectly calm and intelligent person and your friend next to you points them out and says, see that person approaching us; he claims to have seen a UFO. Automatically you see that person differently. You think they’re crazy and avoid them. We have been taught to think this way.”
Bobby agreed, “How many people have seen a UFO and not come forward out of fear of being labeled crazy? Sadly only one out of ten will come forward. The rest are afraid to speak”
Timmy spoke “Even if ninety nine percent of all UFO sightings turn out to be something other then a UFO, that still leaves one percent. And that one percent means there’s something out there. Can every single sighting throughout time be wrong?”
Sam looked at Luke “There was a time when the mega mouth shark was thought to be urban legend. For decades sailors would see it and skeptics would tell them they were wrong. Telling them it was nothing more then a trick of the light making the mouth look bigger then it really was. Science even said it couldn’t exist. Until one day one was caught and all the skeptics stood back and said, oh look at that, I guess it does exist, and they walked away, but what about all the people who did see it? Now their stories are suddenly true? Society now has permission from the skeptics to start believing? Why do we need to wait for skeptics to tell us if something is true or not? Millions of people are seeing things in the sky and one or two skeptics saying it’s not real. Are we to believe the skeptics?”
Bobby added, “If someone tells you they’ve seen a UFO and you believe them, does that makes you crazy as well?”
Kyle agreed “It is frustrating when a skeptic who wasn’t there in the first place tells someone what they saw. How do they know?”
Sam added, “However it’s good that we do have skeptics. They stop the scam artist from taking advantage. There are some liars out there who will try to rip off the public with fake UFO footage. Skeptics are like defense lawyers. People may not like them, but they are needed. Before there were defensive lawyers’ innocent people were found guilty right away without a proper trial. So we do need to have defensive lawyers and skeptics to balance things out”
John turned to Bobby “In your book you claim the grey aliens came from Zeta Reticuli. Skeptics say a object can’t travel that far so quickly”
Bobby responded “Why is the idea of space travel over great distances so impossible to believe? We as humans have been to the moon, we landed a rover on Mars, and satellites have traveled to planets as far away as Saturn. The idea of traveling into outer space is possible for us. We’ve proven it to ourselves. We are in our infancy with space travel, were as the gray aliens have been traveling the universe before the dinosaurs walked the earth. They’re further ahead in the research into space travel. Just because we can’t travel faster then light, doesn’t mean they can’t.”
Timmy added “We as humans want to find life on other planets, but what if that life has found us first”
Sam laughed a bit “Can you imagine if there were aliens living on Mars who were skeptics. Our land rover would’ve landed on Mars, some Martian would’ve seen it and reported it back to his own people. A skeptic Martian would say, oh come now there’s no life on other planets. You didn’t see any alien vehicle. That blue planet next to us doesn’t have life; we’re the only planet in the universe with life. It’s all a conspiracy”
The group laughed.
Timmy spoke “Look at the billions of planets are in our galaxy. And there are tens of billions of galaxies. To put things in perspective, there are more stars in the universe then grains of sand on the entire earth. Skeptics tell us out of the tens of billions of planets in the universe this earth is the only one with life. If we discovered space travel, why can’t other planets? There just farther ahead of us because they been around longer.”
Sam agreed, “Thousands of years ago, science was in its youth, but it was to free to practice. The Greeks, the Romans, the Egyptians made tremendous gains in there studies, then the Roman Empire collapsed and religion took over, suppressing science. Since the year three hundred to about the fifteen hundreds there were no breakthroughs in science, there could’ve been but religion suppressed it with the penalty of death. But look at what we have accomplished in just the past hundred years since the church lost its power. Cars, flight, radio, Internet, electricity, space travel. Imagine were we would be right now if science had not be suppressed since the year three hundred. What mankind has accomplished in the past few decades alone, we should’ve accomplished hundreds of years ago. If we had, imagine where we would be in terms of space travel now. We might be traveling to other worlds. We would be the aliens to other life forms”
Luke looked over to Timmy “If aliens are so much more advanced, why don’t they stop world wars?”
“Same reason why when a photographer who goes out in the forest to photograph wild habitat doesn’t stop insects from killing other insects, or animals from attacking other animals. He’s there to observe and document, to learn how the animals live in their world. Same thing when red and black ants go to war. We record it and watch it on TV in order to learn. If we got involved we would be disrupting their way of life. What we could learn about them would be altered. Sometimes when a smarter species watches another, you don’t get involved, you just study. The greys feel the same way about us. They know they can’t get involved in everything we do. If they did life on earth would not evolve the right way. The experiment would be altered. Evolution needs to happen at a certain speed, any disruption will hamper it. As humans we are young, we will make mistakes, but we are learning. We learn from good and bad times. But we need the bad to happen so we can learn from it. Sometimes the greatest thing a parent can give their child is freedom to fail. If you hold your child’s hand through life, they’re never truly free. In our freedom to fail comes the freedom to learn. Scientists knows you can not alter the experiment or the findings won’t be accurate.”
Luke looked over to Kyle “You would call the aliens scientists?”
He nodded “Yes that’s what they’ve always been, scientists who travel the universe looking to learn and understand. In the future when man has achieved enlightenment on a planet wide scale we will travel the universe and send out scientists not warriors. The longer you live, the smarter you become. The longer a society lives, the smarter they become ”
Luke turned to Sam “Have aliens ever given mankind knowledge on how to build things?”
Sam answered, “They’ve given us hints. They point us in a direction. They don’t tell us what to do with the knowledge, but its up to us to use it as we see fit. Its like they point us towards the answer, we then have to work through the steps to find the question. A math book in high school will have the answers in the back. It is then up to the student to figure out and understand how to get from the question to the answer. Life is all about steps, not just quick answers. You learn more from your travels then the destinations. You learn more if you figure something out for yourself. Answers can be given to you, but it would mean nothing. Ever wonder about CERN.”
“CERN is the laboratory for particle physics,” Luke said.
“The scientists at CERN are working towards a goal. Aliens could’ve told the scientists what the answer is right away without them having built CERN, but it would mean nothing, we would not have learned anything from it. Mankind needs to learn on they’re own over time. A few hints can point you towards the building of CERN, but mankind had to build and work on it. Mankind needs to understand the steps as they discovery them. The final answer cannot just be handed to mankind, only hints.”
Timmy added, “At CERN an accelerator fires little particles just under the speed of light. They collide with each other. The results are studied and recorded. It cost over nine billion to build. Why did we spend so much money building something so complex when there was a chance it might not work? Unless some of the scientists involved knew something a head of time. CERN exists because they want to reach a goal, but could mankind invest so much time and money in a goal that might not be achieved? But what if they knew something before building it? What if they knew the goal was truly possible? As any scientist, you carry out an experiment when you believe in the goal, but can you risk spending so much money on something that might not give you any answers? However, CERN was built. The money was spent; countless scientists have dedicated their lives to working on it. Almost as if they knew something going in. As if they knew for certain there goal was achievable, they just had to figure out the steps. Complex steps mind you”
“So, aliens told scientists to build CERN?” Luke asked.
Timmy answered “No, its up to man to decide. Mankind took it upon themselves to seek the answers and understanding in CERN. They could’ve sought out the answers elsewhere.”
Sam added, “CERN is our modern day pyramids. The complex knowledge about CERN could never have been given to a society like the ancient Egyptians so long ago. A race needs to learn over time, like walking up a flight of stairs. You cannot skip any steps. Or the information on the next level would not make sense. The complexity of CERN is achievable by modern day scientists because they have studied the findings of yesterday’s scientists. We are learning, step by step, one generation at a time. The aliens can point in the right direction. Give us a hint. Let us know we’re on the right track, but they cannot just hand us the answers of the mysteries of the universe. We wouldn’t be able to make any sense of it, however if we learn at our own pace. Then anything we come discover will make sense.”
Bobby added, “Its like the scientists who are trying to reverse engineer the UFO in the secret base in the desert, it next to impossible, because the saucer’s system is so complex. The technology is light years ahead of ours. There’s so much man has to learn about science first before they can understand the complex parts of an alien saucer. Much like how a child in grade school can learn about chemistry and thinks he knows everything, but if he looks at a university textbook on chemistry, it would be beyond his level of comprehension. The child will have to study chemistry at each grade level year after year until one day when he’s in university; he will then be able to make sense of the textbook which was complex in his eyes when he was a child.”
Timmy spoke “Within time, scientists will make massive breakthroughs, they will then be able to look at the saucer and understand how it works. We can reverse engineer anything made by man decades ago because the scientists of today are equal to the scientists of yesterday, but if someone from the future travels back in time by three hundred years with a device, the scientists of today would have a difficult time understanding how it works. They will be missing three hundred years of information.”
Luke looked to Sam “Are aliens talking to hundreds of scientists around the world each year?”
Sam shook his head no “Not every scientist, In fact aliens might contact only one or two scientists every few hundred years. Its not like aliens are hanging out on earth everyday. They only intervene when needed. There could be hundreds of years between visits. The visits themselves could occur during the night where the individual believes the encounter was a weird dream. Anything more and they run the risk of interfering with mankind’s development.”
“So the scientists don’t even know they’re being visited by aliens?” Luke asked.
“Not all the time” Timmy answered “In most cases the ideas are placed in their minds while they sleep, when the scientist awakes they believe they had a mental breakthrough in their dreams. You hear scientists all the time say to their colleagues, I figure something out while sleeping, woke up and had to write it down. What they don’t know is the idea was given to them while onboard a UFO”
Luke turned to Kyle “You wrote in your book that aliens told you how the pyramids where build, by reversing the magnetic pole?”
Kyle nodded “The earth’s core is a magnet, a positive charge. Everything on the earth’s surface is a negative charge. Because the earth’s core is so large and everything on the surface is small the positive core pulls everything down. Causing us to remain on the earth’s surface. The aliens understood you can reduce the weight of any object by creating an invisible barrier around it and reversing the magnetic charge. Instead of the object on the earth’s surface being negative you make it positive, when that happens the pull is no longer there. Because two positive magnetics repel each other, the object will now loose its weight, making it possible to lift. You can do this with any object. Even the two ton stones used to constructed the pyramids and the fifty ton stones of Stonehenge.”
Kyle added, “The aliens met with certain ancient Egyptians a long time before the pyramids where ever constructed and gave them this knowledge. The Egyptians then use the knowledge to build the pyramids. The aliens didn’t tell them to build it. They decided to do so on their own”
Bobby spoke “It wasn’t like a UFO was hovering over the pyramids while they were being constructed. Nor did every Egyptian who built the pyramids look up and see a UFO, in the sky”
Luke turned to Timmy “Did the Egyptians build the Sphinx for the aliens?”
“The sphinx is older then the pyramids. It’s the greatest of all mysteries. The head we see today was not the original head. It was reshaped at one point in its history. Could the head of the sphinx at one point been a gray alien? We don’t know for sure”
Bobby added, “If you look at the description people who have been abducted have given of alien writing you will find it greatly resembles Egyptian hieroglyphs. Does this mean the aliens were influenced by Egyptians? Of course not, but it’s the other way around. The ancient Egyptians who were taken onboard a saucer saw the writing and when they came back to earth, started writing the same way. They did not use the same symbols the aliens used, but symbols of there own creation. The Egyptian writing goes up and down. It shouldn’t surprise anyone alien writing goes up and down as well. Once again were seeing human behavior influenced by alien culture.”
Luke turned to Kyle “If the grey aliens gave the ancient Egyptians knowledge on how to make stones weight nothing why don’t they give us the same knowledge today? I don’t know how to make a stone weight nothing, neither does anyone I know.”
Kyle leaned forward a bit “We don’t need to know how to make stones weight nothing. We now have cranes that can move heavy things for us today. As a human race we have moved on to bigger things. The moving of stones was a big thing five thousand years ago, but today we’ve moved onto more complex things like CERN. Each time the aliens visit, the knowledge given to us is slightly ahead of our understanding. It’s done this way to challenge us to move forward. If the level of knowledge is too great it will be beyond out level of understanding and we will not benefit from it, rendering it pointless.”
Timmy agreed, “Knowledge on how to move a stone is nice, but we’re beyond that. The knowledge given to us isn’t to make our lives easier. It’s given to expand our minds, to push us into a higher learning. Much like if you talk to a five year old child like a seven year old, it pushes their mind to grow and learn in order to understand. The knowledge must be slightly more advanced then the people. Just enough for them to understand, but advanced enough to make them learn.”
Bobby added “A few decades ago aliens gave man knowledge about the laser, it has benefited us today. However, if such knowledge was given to the Egyptians or druids thousands of years ago, it would’ve gone to waste. What could they have done which such knowledge? Even today there’s a great deal of things the aliens could give to us, but because were not advanced enough to comprehend the magnitude of the information it would go to waste. However a few hundreds years from now, when mankind is smarter, the same information can be handed down, fully understood and used.”
Timmy added “The people of today could travel back in time and give knowledge of nuclear power to the knights of the medieval period, thinking it would benefit them and improve there lives, but what would they do with it? They wouldn’t be able to use it. There minds where not advanced enough to understand nuclear power. They would ask too many questions. The ancient Egyptians could not be given knowledge about steel, metal, electricity, because it would’ve been too much for them to understand. They knew how to cut the stones free from bedrock, but the knowledge on how to move them came from above.”
Luke looked to Sam “Did the Egyptians worship the aliens as gods?”
Sam said, “Ancient Egyptians could only see them as gods, there would’ve been no other way. They didn’t understand the concept of alien life or other planets. In fact, they didn’t even know they were living on a planet. They believed the land they lived on was flat. The concept of galaxies and solar systems was beyond them. If they saw any other life form in the sky they would’ve believed it to be a god. They wouldn’t call it an alien. To call it alien would imply they understood about life on other planets. Stories of alien visitation were handed down from one generation to the next over hundreds of years, however the word alien was never used, they called them gods. Even the ancient Greeks had their gods. They spoke of Apollo flying through the sky on a chariot. Of course they called it a chariot, they wouldn’t call it a flying saucer or UFO. Those are names we use today. The term UFO means unidentified flying object. Well, the Greeks gave it their own name. They called it a chariot. They could easily have called it a UFO as well. We say saucer, they say chariot. Apollo was their teacher, giver of knowledge. Sounds like what aliens do today. Could Apollo have been an alien? Could all Greek gods have been aliens? We read stories from ancient Greece today thinking they were just made up, but maybe we’re reading stories of aliens and not know it. Descriptions of angels have been described as descending from the heavens on clouds, could this be a description of an alien coming from the sky? If the angels cured someone of an ailment it was called a miracle. A miracle is something in which cannot be explained. Maybe the aliens knew how to cure an illness, like doctors can today. However, long ago, people would not know how to describe advanced medicine, so they called it a miracle. Most religions today have their origins in alien visitation. That’s why most people when they pray look up. Why do people believe gods are in the sky? Because that’s where the saucers came down from, that’s were they were first spotted. Moses heard the voice of god while on the Mount Sinai. Could he have been talking to an alien? Could aliens have written the Ten Commandments given to humans to have order in our lives? Maybe, maybe not, but the questions are out there. Could the Buddha have been an alien who was disguised as a human to teach us? Could Jesus have been an alien sent to enlighten mad with truth? Maybe when Jesus spoke of god he was referring to an alien creator? Maybe Jesus wasn’t performing miracles to help ill people, he just understood modern medicine more then the people of his time. Maybe when the Greeks spoke of Apollo at the top of Mount Olympus, they were speaking of an actual alien who sat at the top of a mountain. Its also been said by the Greeks on many occasions the top of Mount Olympus could lift straight up into the sky. Could they be referring to a UFO lifting up into the sky? We may never know, all of these are questions that we don’t have to answer, but we should take the opportunity to learn from the teachings of religious teachers to become a better people and live in a better society.”
Timmy added, “Throughout the years many have questioned the theory about ancient astronauts only to be laughed at. Soon history will record they were right. They were on the right path. At one time black holes and parallel universes were only found in comic books and science fiction movies. Scientists’ decades ago wouldn’t give the time of day to talk about parallel universes. Now, they are seriously looking into them.”
Bobby spoke “The ancient Egyptian people looked to the sky worshiping the alien as gods waiting for their return. The interesting fact is the pharaohs wanted the same love given to the aliens directed towards them as well. So they altered their own body and face to match that of the gray alien as much as possible. The pharaohs didn’t know exactly what the grey alien looked like because they had never seen one for themselves, but they heard stories past down from generations about there large eyes, and large sized heads. So the pharaohs used black eye makeup to make their eyes look bigger and oval in shape, they reshaped the heads of their youth to look bigger and wider then an average human.”
Timmy added. “It’s not like every pharaoh met with an alien while they were alive, but stories about visitors from above were passed down from generation to generation until it became a legend and they were called gods. Much like how religions of today were created long ago”
Kyle added, “If you notice most religions have a powerful connection with the stars and sky, because that’s where the aliens came down from. The people of today still look up to the stars without realizing the origins of their faith.”
“Interesting “ Luke said as he nodded his head. “Never saw it that way before” Luke looked over to Sam “Skeptics say the Egyptians pushed the heavy stones over wooden logs and up a massive ramp and the stones where just as heavy back then as they are now. That your story of the stones weighting nothing is false. How do you respond to those skeptics?”
Sam nodded and answered “The pyramids where build in just fifteen years, forty-four stories tall. Two and a half million stones per pyramid with each stone weighing two and half tones each. Some even weighted over fifteen tones. The granite beams weighted over fifty tones. A new stone was put into place every two and have minutes. While, only working in the daylight. How could they have moved such heavy stones without the use of the wheel? We have been told the theory about a ramp being used. If they had used a ramp, it would’ve been massive in scale, five times greater in scale then the pyramids themselves. The ramp would’ve taken three times longer to construct.”
Kyle joked, “They should’ve just build the ramp and not even bother with the pyramid”
“True” Sam said and laughed, “If they had built a ramp, it would’ve been called the eight wonder of the world. However if you knew a secret on how to move a two and half ton stone without any weight, then building a massive pyramid in such a small time frame, would’ve been possible. The knowledge on how to move heavy stones has been lost to time, however coral castle was built using the same knowledge. It still stands today, built by one man in a short amount of time without the use of a crane. So the moving of heavy object by taking away their weight is possible.”
Luke looked over to Timmy “You mention in your book the aliens visited other cultures as well throughout history”
“Yes” Timmy answered “The druids where taught the same thing, they went on to build Stonehenge. You notice the druids didn’t just dig out the stones and stand them up at the quarry site, which you would expect seeing as how heavy they are. Instead, they moved them a vast distance. Over hills, creeks, valleys, streams. As if to show off to the world, saying, look at what we can do. When they reached their destination they didn’t leave the rocks lying on the ground. No, they stood them up, as if to show off to the world. Saying not only can we move the stones, but we have the knowledge on how to stand them up as well”
Bobby added, “They didn’t stop there. After standing the massive heavy stones up they went on to stack mammoth heavy stones on top of the ones already standing, as if to truly deify gravity and remember, these stones were not light, the weighed over fifty tones each. The building of Stonehenge was the equivalent of man going to the moon today. It was ground breaking, something to be remembered. Man challenging himself. Did the grey aliens tell the Druids to build Stonehenge? No. They choose to build it. It was something that had meaning to them, but the secrets on how to move the stones was handed to a select few.”
“As with the Rapanui people of Easter island.” Kyle added “Eight hundred and eighty seven massive stones faces were build around the island looking up. Where did they get the knowledge to move the stones? Same place. The aliens visited some of the Rapanui people and taught them the same thing about moving stones. To honor and respect the grey aliens, the Rapanui build the massive faces looking up into the heavens waiting for the return”
“They visited the Aztec who build their pyramids. They taught the people of Atlantis who went on to create a beautiful society, greater then anything we could ever imagine. We could learn from them. How to work together with a common goal, instead of multiple political parties all pulling a country in different directions. We could be like the people of Atlantis and work together,” Timmy added.
Sam nodded “History is filled with the greys visiting earth and giving knowledge to trigger the minds of man to expand and grow. They don’t tell us how to live, but they give us a few hints as to were to go”
Sam added “But today we do have our own pyramids to build. Aliens hand us knowledge that is our starting point. It then leads to things like space stations, skyscrapers, cloning, the Internet, stem cell research and CERN. The knowledge given to scientists is given at a level we can understand. Five thousand years ago the knowledge on how to move heavy stones was the limit of what humans could understand. Each generation has grown since then. Today we have evolved passed the industrial revolution, we moved passed the nuclear era. Now its time to move beyond, into something new. The moving of heavy stones and building of pyramids is not needed today. They don’t tell us what to do with the knowledge given, that’s up to us”
Luke nodded as camera one cut back to him. “History is filled with reports of UFO and aliens sightings, but why can’t find any concrete evidence? Actual evidence that will prove without a doubt”
“It will come in time,” Timmy said, “Now it is about letting people know about aliens with words only. These are small steps”
“People have seen aliens through the years” Kyle said, “Good people whose name have been destroyed by the public laughing at them. Why can’t we give them a chance? Listen to their story without laughing? Instead of demanding evidence from them”
Sam nodded “Stories of alien sightings go back thousands of years. There isn’t a culture on earth that doesn’t talk about seeing aliens. You would think with so many sightings and reports that the world would take it seriously at some point. How many pilots while in the sky have seen a UFO and they’re too afraid to file a report”
“Even air traffic controllers can see UFOs on there radar, and they still don’t make a report” Timmy added.
“Air traffic controllers are afraid to loose their jobs.” Bobby said, “If they report it they could get fired. It too bad we can’t sit down with them and talk about what they’ve seen.”
“How many people have to see a UFO before society takes them seriously, instead of writing them off?” Kyle asked.
“Imagine what we as a world could learn from aliens if we could sit down and talk with them” Sam said.
Luke looked to Sam “You think the day will every come when aliens could live amongst us?”
“Hard to believe.” Sam answered, “We live in a world were humans can’t get along with each other. How could we live with aliens? We judge each other based on skin color and religion. If you throw aliens in the mix the world might go nuts. You would have some wackos out there saying aliens are evil and they need to go back home. Next thing you know the humans have their shotguns out, saying get off my planet. Instead of trying to live in peace they will just go to war with the aliens”
The others agreed.
Sam said “We now enter a new world of knowledge were its no longer about buildings and material objects, now we move towards the mind, we will focus on the one thing we have been ignoring for the longest time, and that’s ourselves, the ability to find peace within. We know so much about how to built a skyscraper or make money, but what do we really know about finding real happiness? This is the new level of mankind. Were we can look at violence and question why? Why do bad people hurt good people? And why do we have bad people and how can we help them? Can we help ourselves? These are questions we should be asking ourselves to help make the world a better place. Right now, as a human race we are lost in the world of illusions; of course man feels anger and feels lost because of this.”
The others nodded and agreed.
Sam continued “The brain cannot accept a negative as truth. If I tell you not to think of your phone number, it will go through your mind. If I tell you to forget something you will remember it. This is why positive affirmation are difficult to do. Someone say to themselves I’m not a smoker, well, the brain take out the word not, because it is a negative so what the brain hears over and over is I am a smoker. So quitting smoking is difficult to do. The brain cannot live a lie. Illusions are lies. This is what causes so much pain and anger in someone’s life, because we are forcing ourselves to except things like money and power as truth, when in fact they nothing but illusions made to look like truth. Being in the moment is real, not focusing on the past or future. We feel emotions only in the moment but apply logic for the past and future thoughts. We need to understand and control or emotions for us to make the best decisions in the moment. We need to be aware of how all decisions in the moment affect the future. Some people only think of the moment and are unaware of how there actions will have long term consequences for the future, sadly some of these people end up in jail. Were as others are aware of how their actions affect the future and how they can work together as one for a better future. The grey aliens do this; they know that being selfish gets you nowhere. The whole world is held back by everyone only thinking of themselves, but if humans can be like the grey aliens and work together as one we can grow better. This will not happen over night. This will take time, each person has to find inner happiness inside, by over coming their own inner demons. Things like low self esteem, low confidence, lack of compassion. These are just a few things humans are plagued with that stop us from being happy. The childhood you had plays a huge role in determining your future. So often people leave their childhood home and think all the negative, bad things they grew up with are all gone, but in truth there still they’re in your mind. We need to over come theses negative barriers that still haunted the sub-conscience. No government will bring on world peace. If we want world peace it must be found in the heart of each person and then we can live as one.
Luke looked over to Timmy “Over the years you have study encounters with people who have been abducted and found there is a common message given to these people from the grey aliens. About how we attract things into our life. Can you explain that”?
Timmy nodded “Yes, what the grey aliens have taught us is we have control over what happens to our future by what we feel deep down inside in the moment. It’s true that what we think in the conscience mind plays an important role in day to day life however, its what we truly believe in our heart of hearts that control us. Let me give you an example, think of a smoker who’s trying to quit. If you hold a cigarette up to him and ask him if he wants it, he would say no. However, his body would start twitching and sweating, because in his heart of hearts he is a smoker. Whereas if you hold up a cigarette to someone who has never smoked and asked him if they want it, he would say no and mean it, because in his heart of hearts, he is not a smoker. No one is born a smoker, its just some people believe they are a smoker deep down inside their heart of hearts. What we believe about ourselves is what we project out into the world through our body’s aura. What we project we attract. If inside you believe you are a negative person your body will give off an aura of negatively and negative people will move towards you as positive people will feel compelled to stay away. If you close your eyes and just let yourself be in the moment you will feel your aura, and you can tell if it’s positive or negative. In fact, if you want to know if you’re a positive person just ask yourself how you feel about yourself. If you like who you are your aura will be pleasant and people will like being around you. It’s as if you give off rays of sunlight, but you have to be honest with yourself. If you want good things in your life you make it happen by changing your aura. By changing your heart of hearts. You can’t expect to change the very core of who you are in a second it takes time. you can’t go into a book store and walk over to the self help section and read a line in a self-help book expecting it to completely change you into a happy person. Change doesn’t happen that quickly. You need to address the real person you are deep down and doing this will take time. life is not about controlling the future, its about understanding how being positive in the moment can lead to a happier future. People who have negative things in their life have it because they feel negative towards themselves inside. They push away good things and stop having positive people move towards them. If you find inner peace and happiness inside you will draw good things into your life. In the end all humans have full control over happiness and negative things in there present moment. It comes from how you feel about yourself in your heart of hearts.”
Luke looked over to Sam “If an alien were on this panel now, what would they say? What would they want us to know?”
Sam nodded and answered “They would want us to know they do exist, they have been visiting earth for a very long time. They mean us no harm in any way. They’re smart, peaceful and friendly. They want to help mankind move towards a better society. There’s nothing to fear. They made us. ”
Table of Contents
Twenty years before "the event"
One Year to "The Event"
One year later: 3 days before "the event"
One day before "the event"
The day of "the event"
Three months later
Twenty years later
