ALL ABOUT EVE


by
Caitlin McColl


SMASHWORDS EDITION

* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY:

Caitlin McColl on Smashwords


All About Eve
Copyright © 2010 by Caitlin McColl


Smashwords Edition License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


* * * * *


ALL ABOUT EVE


Eve had seen dead people for as long as she could remember.  It was nothing new. Since she was five years old she had seen and heard things that others could not. She was psychic after all. But today was different. Today was the first time she had seen a corpse. She laughed to herself. ‘A real-live dead person‘, she thought wryly.
She looked down at the girl lying on the muddy ground; her clothes were wet, legs smudged with dirt, cut and bruised by the sharp river rocks. Thankfully the girls face was covered by long wet hair.  Eve didn’t know what to do, so she continued to stare. Glancing around she noticed she was still alone. 
She heard a voice, but she knew that it was just in her head. One only she could hear - that of her spirit guide Arra.  Arra’s voice was irritating sometimes, like a buzzing insect, one that at that moment Eve was trying to ignore.  You should go now, said the voice with a trace of urgency. Leave before people see you near this girl.
Eve sent a thought back to Arra, ‘but I’m waiting for her spirit!’ she said petulantly. Then she said outloud, ‘I want to talk to her spirit, find out what happened’. She crouched down near the girl’s bare foot. The girl must have lost a shoe on her journey down the river. Everyone called it a river but it was really just a creek; a large creek, but a creek nonetheless.  It ran through Golden Falls into the neighbouring town of False Creek, its namesake.  Everyone called it a river because no one thought something with a name as innocuous as creek should be claiming as many lives as Golden Falls and False Creek suffered. Eve’s long dark brown hair fell forward over her eyes and she pushed it back behind her shoulder. She was about to reach out to the girl when she stopped. In her mind she saw a group of children heading through the forest, down a path that lead to the river. Go! she heard Arra nearly shout in her mind. 
Eve jumped up and grabbed the trunk of a thin poplar tree next to the river and pulled herself up the bank.  She ran through the tall grass towards a small copse of oak trees and blackberry bushes. Just as she reached the bushes and crouched down behind them, the small group of children came out of the trees and headed towards the river. 
The small, sandy river bank that the body had washed up on was the place that everyone in town used. It was the main swimming hole of the river and was an area of mostly smooth, calm water, but the few whirlpools and eddies that were there was what attracted everyone. That was the fun part.  Just before the swimming hole the river flowed quickly and hid a lot of large, sharp rocks just under the surface.  There was a section of the river, just past the little stone bridge further up where there were lots of large flat rocks.
In the summer people sometimes sat on the rocks and dangled their feet in the water, or used them as stepping stones across the river instead of going further down to the bridge. But during the fall and winter, when the water rose, the flat rocks became wet and slick and dangerous. Parents constantly warned their children to be careful and not to play on the flat rocks before the bridge.  There had been a heavy rainfall a few days before, but today the late September sun was shining strong and the sky was clear and blue. It felt almost as if summer had returned.
Eve tried to control her breathing and slow her heart. Her heart thudded in her chest and her blood pounded in her ears. It felt as if anyone nearby could hear it loud and clear. She watched with dread as the three children went down the bank, towards the body of the little girl with the long blonde hair that was missing a shoe. She saw their heads disappear down the bank, and then held her breath.  After a few seconds, the screams came.  Eve froze again but the voice of her guide was loud. Run, now. Quickly! Let’s go home. Without thinking, Eve pulled at the brambles that had caught on her dress and ignored the thorns that pierced her palms and scratched her bare arms and legs as she ran. She ran down the path in the woods, the same one the children had come down moments before.
She didn’t look back, only straight ahead. Her feet barely touched the ground, she felt like she was flying. It seemed like she had been running for hours, but in reality only minutes later, the voice of Arra came to her again, this time gentle and calming. It’s okay, the voice soothed. You can stop now. You are safe. No one will know you were the first there, that it was you who found…‘ there was a pause, ‘her.’
Eve tried to calm herself down and act natural as she came within sight of her house. She took her time walking up the long and winding gravel driveway of her parents’ large farmhouse. As she walked up the front steps, she caught a glimpse of her reflection in a window. Her long dark hair was sticking up wildly, thin strands floating in all directions.  There was a smudge of dirt under one of her eyes, and a long thin scratch on her neck.  She tried to smooth down her hair as best she could and licked a finger to wipe away the dirt. She quickly checked the rest of herself over: Her yellow summer dress was dirty and rumpled and damp at the hem from the riverbank, and her legs and arms had started to sting from the scratches by the thorns. This’ll have to do, she sighed and opened the door.
Her mother was in the living room folding a shirt and she added it to a growing pile of ironed clothes. She was watching her favourite TV show, the one about the cranky man running a decrepit hotel, and said ‘Hi’ to Eve before actually looking at her. Eve mumbled a hello back and tried to sneak away down the hall before her mother noticed, but it was too late.
‘What’s happened to you!’ her mother cried. ‘Why are you all covered in cuts and dirt?’
Eve stopped, turned around and looked her mother in the eye. ‘I was just out picking blackberries by Mr. George’s Farm,’ she said, and her eye twitched. She hoped her mother hadn’t noticed. Whenever she lied, her eye always had to give it away and twitch.


Age 5


Eve was five when she first met  Arra. The spirit woman first came to her in a dream. 
In it Eve was playing with her kitten, teasing it and making it paw at a small piece of rope, when a beautiful woman in a long blue robe with long blonde hair appeared. Hello, Eve, the woman said. 
I’m not allowed to talk to strangers. Eve said glancing up at the lady, and then turning back to her cat.
The woman sat down beside her and said, but I’m not a stranger, I’m your guardian angel. I’m here to protect you. And you can get help from me. All you need to do is just ask a question in your mind and I will answer, she said reaching out and putting the kitten in Eve’s lap. My name is Arrawyn, the woman continued. I live in Heaven. Some people call me a spirit guide, but you can think of me as your guardian angel.  Eve just looked up at Arrawyn with her large blue eyes and nodded meekly.
When Eve woke the next morning she jumped out of bed and ran downstairs. ‘Mommy, mommy!’ she cried with excitement. ‘I just met my gardening angel! In a dream! Her name is Arrawi-, Arrawy-, um, Arra,’ said the little girl tugging at her mothers shirt. Her mother was washing the dishes. ‘That’s nice dear,’ her mother replied distractedly, ‘but it’s not a gardening angel, sweetie,’ she said with a little laugh. ‘It’s a guardian angel. Guardian angels protect you from bad things and keep you safe.’
Eve nodded. ‘I know, Mommy,‘  she said haughtily. ‘That’s what I said! A gardening angel. That’s what she told me. Arra…‘ She paused and then repeated, more confidently, ‘Arra’ her five year old mind having trouble saying her full name. Arrawyn became Arra from then on.
Eve constantly talked to the voice of Arra in her head. Being five, she usually talked out loud, not realizing she could just think what she wanted to say and Arra would reply.  Her parents thought nothing of this, and assumed she was talking to an imaginary friend. They would often see Eve playing in their large backyard, or out in the fields behind the house, talking away to herself, and they were happy to see her happy. Eve had a few friends, from the neighbouring farms. In the town of Golden Falls, a neighbour could be a mile or so away. Eve’s best friend, Amber, a little girl who lived on the next farm over would sometimes come over to play.
‘I want to go play in the river,’ said Amber, to Eve one day. Eve consulted Arra, as she did with most things, if Arra didn’t immediately supply the advice herself. ‘Arra, can we go to the river? Is it safe?’ she asked. Arra answered simply, Yes. Amber looked at Eve, a look of puzzlement on her face. ‘Who are you talking to?
Eve looked at Amber and said knowingly ‘My guardian angel’. Amber didn’t respond. ‘Don’t you have a guardian angel?’ Eve asked. Amber just shook her head. ‘Oh,’ said Eve, and it was then she began to realize she wasn’t normal. She changed the subject. ‘Let’s go to the river,’ she said, and Amber promptly forgot about Eve’s guardian angel, as little kids do.
When Eve started her first year of school in the Fall, she happily told all her new friends about her guardian angel Arra. She got strange looks. Some of the little girls started to cry and ran to their mothers and saying they were scared because Eve had an angel. Eve again realized that she was different, and soon stopped talking about her guardian angel to others.  She still talked out loud, however. One day when her school friends asked who she was talking to, she started to automatically say Arra her guardian angel, when Arra’s voice came into her head, gentle and soothing and spoke two words imaginary friend. Eve smiled. ‘I’m just talking to my imaginary friend’. 
‘Oh!’ said her friend Jane. ‘What’s your friend’s name? I have an imaginary friend too, her name is Sue. We can go play imaginary friends together!’ said the little girl and ran off towards the play park, her red curly hair bouncing as she ran.
Arra was Eve’s constant companion. A friend you could ask things even in the middle of the night when you couldn’t sleep. Eve asked her questions about what it was like in heaven. Sometimes Arra said she couldn’t tell Eve, that it was a secret. Or that she would tell her later when she was older. Eve always went in a little huff with Arra and refused to talk to her. But this only ever lasted for a few hours.
Eve was walking across the little stone bridge across the river, over the most turbulent area. She looked over the short walls of the bridge and saw something above the water. Stopping, she leaned over to get a closer look. All of a sudden a loud voice rang out in her head. Get back! shouted Arra in a harsh, almost angry voice. Eve let out a small scream and jumped back mostly out of fright from hearing the loud voice in her head. She started crying out of shock. Arra’s voice spoke softly again, soothing. Sorry Eve. I had to tell you to move, because look-, of course there was no one there to point anywhere, but Eve looked anyways and saw what Arra had meant. Where Eve had been leaning over the little wall, a crack had appeared in the stone and a small chunk had broke off the top of the stone barrier and had fallen into the water. Eve sniffed, wiping tears out of her eyes and off her cheeks. The wall is starting to fall apart there. You have to be careful, Arra said. Eve just nodded, still in shock. Eve got up and continued on. After a few minutes she said out loud, but not before looking around to see if anyone was there, ‘You saved me. You helped keep me safe.’ She could almost picture Arra nodding. Arra still sometimes came to her in dreams, but mostly she just was a voice. Yes, Arra said simply. That’s my job.
Eve was walking back to her house from Amber’s across the fields separating the two. Amber was with her. It was the day before Eve’s seventh birthday. Eve glanced over at her friend who has stopped and was leaning down picking wildflowers. Eve opened her mouth, but closed it again. ‘Um,’ said Eve, hesitantly. 
‘What?’ said Amber, picking a handful of blue cornflowers.
‘I was just wondering…’said Eve. ‘Remember when we had our imaginary friends?’
Amber laughed, adding the little blue flowers to her handful. ‘Yes! I still remember mine. Her name was Jill. It was fun, wasn’t it! Remember we played tea party all the time. I don’t have an imaginary friend anymore though. That’s just silly,’ she said, with all the authority of a seven year old, who was almost eight. ‘You don’t still have your imaginary friend, do you? What was her name? Anna?’
‘Arra,’ Eve corrected. Amber gave her a look and so Eve quickly said ‘Oh, no, of course not. I don’t have my imaginary friend anymore.’ She paused and added for emphasis, ‘That’s just silly.’ In her head she said a silent apology to Arra, but Arra said nothing.
Eve was upset that none of her friends understood her. None of them had a guardian angel. They were different. She was different. She started to avoid her friends when she saw them around. ‘They don’t understand me,’ she thought. ‘I can’t talk about you to them,’ she said to Arra.
She had also taken to only talking out loud to Arra, which she preferred, when she was outside. If she was at home she spoke to Arra only in her head. Her mother caught her once, having a conversation with Arra while she was tidying her room. ‘What are you doing?!’ her mother said in that slightly irritated, angry way she had. ‘Oh, nothing, Mommy,’ said Eve, ‘I was just….singing a song.’ Her mother looked at her from the doorway for a long moment, made a little grunt and went away. 


Age 10


Eve was in the playroom off the kitchen making a quilt, with advice from Arra, from old t-shirts and other bits and pieces she found in the rag closet, a place where her mother put all old clothes that were torn or stained, to use as cleaning cloths and other uses around the house.
She didn’t notice her mother watching her carefully from the window that looked into the room from the living room. 
Later that night Eve was coming down the hall, towards the living room when she stopped. She could hear her parents talking in hushed tones. She tiptoed closer, pressing herself against the large brick fireplace before the living room and tried to breathe quietly.
‘She’s doesn’t have any friends,’ she heard her mother say to her father. 
‘Don’t be silly, of course she does!’ he said whispering back. ‘That Amber Evans girl from down the road. And her friends from school’.
Her mother sighed, ‘Okay she has friends, but she doesn’t ever see them anymore. She doesn’t ever go out to play. She just sits by herself.’  Her mother then lowered her voice further and Eve held her breathe to try and hear. ‘Or goes out and plays by the river,’ her mother said, sounding anxious.
There was a pause and her father said simply, ‘I see’. 
‘Yes,’ continued her mother, ‘and sometimes I hear her talking to herself. She can’t still have an imaginary friend, can she? Not at ten!’
Eve imagined her father shaking his head. ‘I don’t know Claire,’ he said to her mother. ‘She did seem quite attached to that imaginary guardian angel person. She was always talking about her.’
Eve turned and slowly tiptoed back to her bedroom at the end of the long hallway. She quietly shut the door behind her and then thought to Arra, ‘What should I do? They are starting to see that I’m….different’.
She heard Arra’s laughter in her head. But you are different, Eve, you know that. You have me, for one. None of your other friends have a spirit guide. Because that’s what I am, she went on to explain, I am a spirit. In another plane, another realm. In the spirit world. 
Eve hadn‘t given Arra much thought. She was just a regular part of her life. 'Are you a ghost, then?’ asked Eve through thought. She had never thought of Arra as a spirit, just as an angel, a guardian angel. But without wings, of course. Arra never had wings when she came to visit Eve in her dreams. She just looked like a regular woman, except that she had a aura of light around her.
Eve could almost hear the smile in Arra’s voice. Not really, she said. I have never been dead. I have never lived on your world. I am just from the world of spirit. There are lots of us up here, and it is our job to help guide you down there on earth. Help you through your problems and troubles, and keep you safe from harm. That’s why we are called spirit guides. We guide you from the spirit world. That is our job.
Eve climbed onto her bed and lay on top. She wanted to pretend she was sleeping if her mother or father came by the check on her. She closed her eyes and continued to question Arra. ‘So you’re not a ghost, because you’re not dead and have never lived here.’
That’s right, said Arra softly in Eve’s head.
This was a lot for a ten year old to take in, but Eve wasn’t a normal ten year old. 
‘You said there are lots of you guardian-, I mean, spirit guides? Helping other people?’ Eve started to feel sleepily, lying on top of her soft fluffy quilt. She yawned.
Yes. Everyone has a spirit guide. Or sometimes even more than just one. Arra said. 
Eve could see Arra now, looking the same as ever, waist length golden hair and a long, flowing, blue dress, almost like a robe. Arra came forward and sat beside Eve who was now sitting on an ornately carved stone bench. Eve looked around, not surprised. ‘I’ve fallen asleep,’ she thought calmly.
Hello Eve, said Arra, placing a hand on her shoulder and then giving her a gentle hug. Arra smoothed down Eve’s flyaway hair. Her thin hair always did that, giving her the look of a dirty halo around her head.
‘Hi Arra,’ said Eve. ‘Nice to see you, again.’ She gave Arra a big smile, showing a gap from a missing tooth. Eve looked up at Arra with her eyes wide and full of curiosity. ‘So I’m not the only person to see you? I mean, other people can see their spirit guides too?’
Arra nodded, her golden hair moving like a shimmering wave. ‘Yes, but only certain special people, like you, can see their spirit guides’.
Eve saw something out of the corner of her eye and turned to look. A little further away from where they sat the air was moving, shimmering like a mirage, or air on a hot day over paved roads. It took on a life of its own. Eve was about to ask what it was when Arra put her hand on Eve’s cheek and turned her face to hers. Never mind that, said Arra. It’s nothing to concern yourself with. Eve had always listened to Arra, she had always helped her when she needed it, so Eve simply nodded.
‘So why I am special?’ asked Eve bluntly.
Because you are psychic, said Arra. That’s why you can hear me, and other people can’t hear their guides. She laughed and brushed back a strand of hair that had fallen across Eve’s face. 
‘So you mean I can tell the future?’ Eve asked, incredulously.
Arra laughed again. Maybe. We’ll have to see. And now you’re old enough to learn what you can do, she said. That’s why I’ve told you now. Because you’re ready.
And so the lessons began. Arra had Eve go sit in a quiet place. Eve found that up in the loft of the barn was best, she could be there for hours with no one to disturb her.
All you have to do is clear your mind, Arra said. Try to not think of anything. If you have a thought, just put it in an imaginary bubble and let it float away. They were simple enough instructions, but Eve had difficulty. ‘I keep trying to clear my mind, but thoughts keep coming!’ she whined. ‘Like pictures of the river, and  of the candy store down by Mr. Arches place out by the old logging road.’ She flopped backwards into a mound of hay that was stored in the loft for the horses and sighed in frustration.
What else can you see? asked Arra patiently.
‘Nothing!’ Eve cried. ‘It’s all gone blank. My thoughts have gone now!’ she opened her eyes in excitement. ‘I got rid of my thoughts!’ she shouted, then clapped her hands over her mouth when she realized she’d spoken aloud. A group of pigeons up in the barn rafters took flight at the outburst.
No, you had already cleared your mind, explained Arra. You were seeing things.
‘Seeing things?’ asked Eve
Yes, seeing things as they were happening. Did you see anything or anyone down by the river or at the candy store?
‘Well, I saw Amber and Jake and Ella playing down by the river. And I saw Mrs. Adams with little Joe standing outside the candy store talking to Mr. Hillsborough.’ Eve said. ‘I remember Joe had chocolate all over his face and he had chocolate on his blue shirt too!’. Eve clapped her hands together, excited that something seemed to be happening.
Good, said Arra calmly. Now why don’t you go see if that’s true?
Eve jumped up and climbed down the rickety old ladder leading to the barn loft. She ran across the field and turned left down the dirt road that lead to her house. She headed for the candy store at the edge of town which was closer than the river which was further out in the opposite direction.
Eve nearly collided with Mrs. Adams and her son Joe at the town crossroads. ‘Oh sorry, Mrs. Adams!’
‘Hello Eve, my dear, how are you today?’ said the woman holding her little boy by the hand. Eve looked down at little Joe and noticed he did indeed have his face covered in chocolate and some chocolate stained his clean light blue shirt. Eve stared.
‘Are you okay Eve?’ asked Mrs. Adams with concern.
‘What?’ she said, distractedly. ’ Oh, yes, I am, thank you’. She was raised to be a polite girl. ‘Have you just been to the candy store?’ she asked. ‘Is that why Joe is covered in chocolate?’
Mrs. Adams laughed. ‘Oh yes, he certainly loves his sweets!’ she wet a finger and wiped off some of the chocolate smudged around the boys mouth. ‘I was just there when I ran into Mr. Hillsborough. We were just chatting away on the porch of the candy store.’ Mrs. Adams smiled. ‘He’s such a nice man, Mr. Hillsborough, isn’t he?’
‘Yes,’ said Eve in agreement, nodding.
‘It’s a real shame what happened to his wife last year, isn’t it? She was so young, that Ellie. And pretty too,’ said Mrs. Adam pulling little Joe’s hand out of his pocket. ‘Come on, you little monster,’ she said to the boy, and started to move away down the road. ‘Say hi to your parents for me, won’t you Eve?’ the woman said as she dragged her boy behind her.
Eve waved and nodded. She could barely think. Barely breathe. What she had seen in the barn was real. It had happened! Eve let out a scream of delight.
The next morning Eve entered the kitchen where her mother was washing the dishes. She got a cereal bowl and got a bag of oatmeal from atop the fridge.  She started to make the oats, pouring some water into a small pan on the stove. She hadn’t asked her mother this for a few years, but for some reason this question occurred to her and she blurted out, ‘Mom, why don’t I have a little brother or sister?  I know you want me to have someone to hang out with, if I had a little sister, I’d have someone to play with.’ 
Her mother, who had been drying a mug, jumped and the mug slipped from her hands and smashed on the ground. ‘Oh!’ she cried out in surprise. Her mother immediately got down on her knees to pick up the pieces that had spread across the floor. 
‘Evie,’ said her mother in a shaky voice, ‘I’ve told you before, you don’t need any siblings, there are lots of kids in the neighbourhood to spend time with. Why don’t you do that?’ she said picking up the larger chunks of the mug.  ‘And you know your father isn’t earning very much money with the farm at the moment, since the big new automated farm hold started up outside False Creek,’ her voice had calmed again but her hands were still shaking. Eve went to get the pan and brush from the cleaning closet and knelt to sweep up the smaller bits of mug. Her mother continued, ‘I might have to take a job at Mrs. Milligan’s millinery shop, making clothes.’
Eve went back to her oats on the stove and didn’t say another word.


*****


Eve was sitting in the backseat of the car, on the way back from her 11th birthday party out at the roller rink in neighbouring False Creek. She was looking out the window, but not paying attention to the scenery that rolled past. She was thinking of how she had seen Missy Robinson fall and twist her ankle in the middle of the rink floor. But she saw it happen half an hour before it actually did. She was so preoccupied with her thoughts Eve didn’t notice her parents take a different turn, not the road heading home.
She woke from her reverie when the car turned into a strange paved driveway, lined with planters full of flowers. “Where-’ Eve began, before her mother interrupted. 
‘Get out of the car sweetie,’ said her mother firmly, opening the car door and stepping outside. The car was parked in front of a low one-level wood-slatted house, with two narrow windows either side of a door. The whole house was white except for a large sign tacked beside the door. ‘Dr. Hannigan, Psychiatrist and Counsellor’ it read.
Eve stood on the strange driveway and stared at the brown and red sign. ‘What are we doing here?’ she asked her parents suspiciously.
‘Come on Eve, we’re going to talk to this nice counsellor. There’s nothing to be scared about.’ Before Eve could react her mother grabbed her wrist and dragged her towards the front door of the small house transformed into an office. Eve tried to pull away but her mother’s grip tightened. ‘Ow!’ she exclaimed, ‘you’re hurting me mother!’
‘It’s for your own good, sweetie,’ said her mother, not looking at Eve as she spoke, just pulling her closer to the house.
Her parents pulled her up to a small reception desk just inside the front door.
‘We have an appointment with Dr. Hannigan,’ said her father gruffly, through his heavy moustache.  ‘For our daughter Eve, here,’ he gestured to Eve who looked angrily at both of them.
The young woman behind the desk smiled warmly. ‘Don’t worry honey. Dr. Hannigan won’t bite, he’s a very nice man. You’ll like him.’ The woman, with blonde hair tied severely back pressed a button on her desk. “Mr. Hannigan, there’s an Eve…’ she paused looking at Eve’s parents.
‘Hendry,’ said Eve’s mother.
‘Hendry,’ repeated the receptionist into the intercom. A strange look came over the receptionist, one Eve couldn‘t read.
A voice crackled on the other end. ‘Okay, thanks Julie, they can come in now.’
Julie indicated a door down the short narrow hallway. ‘You can go straight in.’
Eve’s parents held her hands and walked down the hall. As they passed a side hallway, Eve saw a little boy standing there, looking at her. ‘That’s odd,’ she thought. ‘A boy just standing in a hall, no one there watching him.’ There was something else strange about the boy but Eve couldn’t place it. And  then there were in the office and she thought no more of it.
Dr. Hannigan was a pleasantly plump man, with a neatly trimmed greying beard and small circular glasses.  He looked like he could have been one of Santa’s elves grown up. He gestured to a large plush leather armchair across from his desk. Eve sat down her feet not even reaching the floor.
Eve’s parents sat in two small chairs at the back of the room, in front of a wall filled with various certificates and awards.
The Doctor smiled at Eve and clasped his hands in front of him on the desk.  Before he could say anything Eve asked meekly ‘Why I am here?’
Dr. Hannigan glanced behind Eve at her parents sitting in back. ‘Well, dear, your parents are worried about you.’
‘But I’m fine! I’m okay,’ Eve pleaded. ‘I don’t need to see someone…‘ she paused, ’like you’. 
Dr. Hannigan smiled warmly. ‘Well, your parents are worried about you because they say you don’t spend any time with your friends anymore. Your friends at school, or even your best friend Amber.’  Eve turned around and glared at her parents. ‘How dare they tell this stranger all about me!’ she thought.
She suddenly heard a voice in her head. Arra. Stay calm. Don’t get upset.  Eve looked upwards. It was an automatic reaction whenever she heard Arra. As if she was trying to look into her head to see the voice that was talking.
Dr. Hannigan noticed and followed her gaze to the ceiling. ‘What do you see?’ he asked, looking back at Eve.
Eve thought quickly, ‘Oh, nothing, I thought I heard a bee’.
Dr. Hannigan smiled his professional smile and said, ‘Your parents think that it isn’t normal for a ten year old girl like you not to have friends and be out playing with them.’
‘But,’ Eve started and then stopped. She was about to say ‘But I do have a friend, my best friend Arra’. 
Dr Hannigan raised his eyebrows. ‘Yes?’ 
Eve opened her mouth and stopped again. She was going to say, ‘but I have an imaginary friend.’ That wouldn’t have been good. Was it normal for a ten year old girl to still have an imaginary friend? She thought not. She thought back to the conversation she had had with Amber a few years before, where Amber told her it was silly to still have imaginary friends after all this time.
She thought quickly. ‘Well, I see my friends at school all the time.’ The Dr. nodded, hands still clasped in front of him. And then I like to be by myself when I’m not at school.’ She paused. ‘I have my cat, Kitty, and all our animals on the farm.’ The Dr looked at her with kind eyes. ‘I like horses,’ she said. She didn’t really like horses, but it seemed like something a little girl who lived on a farm would say.
And then before she, or Arra, could stop herself, she said ‘I’ve said to my mom that if they had a little sister or something, I’d have someone else to play with.’
Eve heard a sharp intake of breath from behind her, and just caught the end of a look from Dr. Hannigan to her parents behind her. 
‘Well,’ said Dr. Hannigan clearing his throat and moving a large stack of files on his desk. ‘I think that should be about all for today I think,’ he said, getting up and coming around the front of the desk. He sat down on the edge of his desk and looked at Eve in a friendly fatherly way. ‘How do you feel about coming to see me again next week?’ he said. 
Eve looked behind her at her parents. Her mother had her arm on her fathers. They were looking worried, but hopeful.
Eve sighed, and shrugged.


*****


The following week Eve was once again walking down the narrow hallway of the white wood paneled converted house. Her parents had dropped her off and had gone to pick up some groceries from the store. They were told to come back in half an hour after the session was over.
Eve was about to put her hand on the doorknob to enter Dr. Hannigans office when she saw movement out of the corner of her eye. She looked and once again saw the little boy she saw last week. ‘That’s strange,’ thought Eve. The boy was about her age and wearing long tweed shorts and a strange hat. He looked sad. Eve was about to say something to the little boy when Dr. Hannigan’s spoke through the door. ‘Come in, Eve.’ So she simply gave the boy a small smile and opened the door.
“Who is,’ Eve started as she headed for the large leather chair in the centre of the office again.

Arra’s voice came through loud and clear, almost making Eve jump. No. Don’t. she whispered harshly.
Dr. Hannigan looked puzzled. ‘Who, what?’
‘Who is playing the music on the radio, said Eve, lamely.
‘Oh,’ said Dr. Hannigan chuckling. ‘That’s The Beatles. They’re a bit before your time.’
‘Oh,’ said Eve, about to climb into the big chair in front of the desk, when Dr. Hannigan interrupted.
‘How about,‘ he said, gesturing to a long, flat table-like couch, ‘you come over here and lie down for a little bit. Get comfy, and I’ll ask you some questions.’
Eve bit her lip, unsure, then slowly walked over to the couch and sat down on it.
Dr. Hannigan sat down in a chair next to the psychiatrists couch and gestured for Eve to lie down. Grudgingly she did so.
‘Don’t be afraid, Dr. Hannigan said. ‘This isn’t like what they used to do to children years ago. That needed….’ Eve knew he was going to say help but instead said, ‘guidance‘. He shook his head. ‘Never mind, you don’t need to know about that.’
But Eve did know. She had seen what he had been thinking, and it surprised her. That had never happened before and what she saw scared her. She saw children being strapped down on gurneys, with wires and electrodes  strapped to their heads and linked to large machines. She tried not to show her fear, instead squeezing her eyes shut as she lay down.


Age 18


Eve was thankful that the counselling sessions were short lived. She had tried to pretend as if she were a normal child, and gave answers she thought other, more normal kids would give. After a few sessions, Dr. Hannigan said to Eve’s parents, ‘she seems like a healthy, normal girl,’ and they came to an agreement to stop them.  Eve smiled, trying to convey a look of normality, at the same time attempting to shut out Arra’s voice in her head that was laughing.
Her first day of Grade 12 was a bit of a shock. Not because there were lots of people and students, there wasn’t.  It was a relatively small high school, despite being a combined school for both the townships of Golden Falls and False Creek. She entered the old large double doors and walked down the main hallway, where all students had their lockers. It was crowded with the entire student body, All 600 of them. She squeezed past and around people and eventually made it to her locker. Eve looked down at the little slip of paper in her hand that had her combination, and opened her locker.
Inside the locker on the door was a small mirror, left by a previous student. She looked at herself in the mirror, to make sure that her thin flyaway hair had stayed down during the half hour walk to school from her parents’ house on the edge of town. Instead of seeing her own face, though, she saw superimposed over it the face of a sad looking girl, with short blonde hair, about her age. The girl’s face was swollen and black and blue. Eve shouted in surprise and jumped. Then she caught herself, and looked around at the students all around her, who were looking at her strangely. ‘Just thought I saw a mouse, sorry,’ she mumbled. The students that had stopped and stared continued on their way. Eve looked back into the little mirror and once again only saw herself looking back. She turned around to see if she could see the spirit girl behind her. No one was there, except for all the students. ‘The ones that are living,’ thought Eve glumly. She sighed and closed her locker after putting her book bag inside and taking what she needed for class.
She thought to herself, and therefore also to Arra, ‘why do they always disappear so quickly!’ Arra piped up ready to jump in with answers as usual. Because they aren’t ready to actually seek you out. They aren’t ready to ask for help. They just want to let you know they are there, the spirit lady said, matter of fact.
Since seeing the young boy in the Dr’s office all those years ago, and who Eve soon realized was the ghost of a little boy, she had started to see dead people everywhere she looked. Sometimes they still spooked her. Not scaring her because they were dead, but just that they snuck up on her all of a sudden, making her jump and sometimes scream simply out of surprise.
As Eve walked down the hall towards her history class, her first of the day, she passed by several of these ghosts. She tried not to look at them too long, in case one of the actual students of the school caught her staring and asked her what she was doing. It was getting harder and harder to keep up the lies to her fellow students and teachers, and to her friends and parents.
As she walked past the Biology lab, a woman brushed past her. ‘Hey!‘ Eve exclaimed, before she realized her reaction was unnecessary. There were no other students nearby that could have been at fault. The ones that heard her stopped and gave her strange looks, shaking their heads. The woman was older than any of the students, and wearing an old fashioned dress, and a bonnet on her head. 
The lady stopped and looked at Eve longingly, obviously wanting to communicate. Eve glanced at her, and then quickly away. Half of the woman’s face was scarred by long gashes from her temple to her chest.  The woman opened her mouth as if to speak, but only a sound like a sigh came out. Eve dared a look back at the woman and saw her rapidly disappear in front of her, the woman’s eyes, full of sadness, the last things to fade. Eve sighed again, adjusted her books and continued on. 
She had just put her hand on the classroom doorknob when she felt a tug at her pant leg. She looked down and saw a group of three small children, two boys and one girl. They shyly smiled at her and waved, and started to run away, like the playful children they were, then, like the woman by the Biology lab, prompted faded away.
Eve entered the room and went to her seat. It was the same seat she had in every class, the one in the furthest back corner. It wasn’t that she was a bad student. She enjoyed school and excelled in most subjects, especially art, where she could let her mind wander as she drew, or painted, or sculpted. It was just that she didn’t like the feeling of the other students looking at her. She knew they did. She could feel it. Could feel them looking at her even if she was looking in another direction, or out the window that she sat by. They all thought she was strange and a bit weird, but they couldn’t really place it. Eve wondered why. ‘I’ve tried to be as normal as I can!’ she complained to Arra one day when she was sitting on the bleachers of the football field doing her Social Studies homework. Yes, assured Arra. ‘But people who are psychic are different. They can’t help it. And their difference just seeps out, no matter how hard you try to pretend to be normal like the other students. You get a faraway and dreamy look when you’re talking to me for instance, said Arra, like you are somewhere else.
‘Really?’ asked Eve, out loud, since there was no one else around. Arra didn’t reply but Eve could picture her nodding.
‘Arra, Why can’t I see you?’ Eve asked suddenly. ‘Why don’t you make yourself visible like all these other spirits that I see all the time? Why can I only see you in my dreams, but I can hear your voice all the time?’
It’s just easier for me, explained Arra. For some spirits, it’s easier to materialize, for others…. she trailed off.
‘For others, what?’
Arra hesitated then continued, For others they have trouble materializing, and so outside of the dream realm, they are just voices. To those that can hear them, of course.
‘Oh.’ said Eve. She saw someone heading towards her from across the football field so turned her eyes to her notebook and pretended to be doing her homework, an essay on Jesuit Priests in 1800’s East Coast North America, trying hard not to look up and make eye contact with the person making a bee-line for her.
‘Hey Eve!’ said a cheery voice.  
Eve looked up through a curtain of hair which she pushed out of her face. ‘Oh, hi Amber,’ she said gloomily.
‘Hey, what’s wrong with you?’ said Amber, jumping up onto the bleachers beside her.
‘Nothing,’ Eve mumbled. She had been trying to avoid Amber over the summer. They had grown apart when Amber had got a boyfriend and was hanging out all the time with Adam. Eve wasn’t upset by the situation. Rather, she was glad. It meant she didn’t have to hide who she was from Amber, or anyone else, for that matter. She was content just with Arra for companionship.  ’I guess that’s the way it’ll have to be,’ she thought to herself often, and she had come to terms with that. She had learned early on that mentioning spirit guides, or other realms, or guardian spirits just got her weird looks, and people moving to the other side of the room or hallway, or pretending they had something to do that they had just remembered.
‘How are classes going? How was your summer? I didn’t see you very much, sorry,’ Amber apologized. ’I was hanging out with Adam a lot, you see.’ 
Eve just nodded. ’Why does she always have to be so cheery?’ she thought. Amber rambled on about the classes she was taking and some party that was happening that weekend, but Eve wasn’t paying attention. She had noticed someone standing in the middle of the field staring at them. Staring at her.
Amber stopped talking when she noticed Eve was looking out over the field. ‘Eve, what are you looking at? I don’t see anything.’
‘Nothing,’ Eve said again. It was her standard response to questions like that. Then she grabbed her books and started to climb down the bleachers. ‘I’ve got to go. Sorry,‘ she apologized, giving Amber a little wave she hoped seemed friendly.
Eve tried not to start sprinting across the field toward the person standing in the middle. She noticed as she got closer, that the person was a man, tall and thin with a long pale face. Eve came within feet of the man, who wore a long smoking jacket and a old fashioned top-hat. She looked back over her shoulder and saw Amber still sitting on the bleachers looking at her. ‘I can’t stop and talk to this guy,’ Eve thought, ‘because Amber doesn’t see anyone. I don’t want to look like I’m talking to myself.’  Eve bent down and pretended to tie her shoe, while the strange slightly transparent man stood silently nearby. She glanced back towards the bleachers again and disappointingly Amber was still there. She stood up again and walked past the ghostly man and mouthed an apology that she couldn’t stop and talk to him now and headed off in the direction of the school. She looked back a few minutes later and the man was gone. Amber had moved to another section of the bleachers where some other students had just arrived. 
Eve was at her locker, gathering her things to head home when she looked in the little mirror on the door. She saw the strange man standing behind her. Suppressing a scream of surprise she turned around slowly and this time the apparition was still there. The man put a finger to his lips in a gesture of silence and then turned and slowly moved, haltingly down the main hallway towards the school’s front entrance. Eve watched fascinated as the man moved through the students milling around the hallway, with his feet seeming to go through the tiled floor. She slammed her locker door shut and ran down the hall after the man. She followed him outside, having to open the closed doors that the man simply passed through. 
She followed the man to a large tree on the edge of campus. There was no one else nearby. The man stopped suddenly, causing Eve to jump back out of habit. He opened his mouth and spoke. Eve was surprised. None of the spirits she had ever seen had actually said anything to her before. 
‘She wants to talk to you,’ he said in a deep gravelly voice.
Eve was confused. ‘Who? Amber?’
The man shook his head slowly and pointed over Eve’s shoulder. She turned in the direction he was pointing and saw a shimmering of the air. 
‘What’s that?’ Eve asked.
Don’t listen to this man, Arra suddenly interjected.
‘Why not?’
Because he is evil, Arra said simply.
Eve turned to look at the man who simply sighed and shook his head, as if to contradict what Arra had said.
You should leave now, warned Arra. 
‘But,’ said Eve, ‘I don’t think he’s evil. He doesn’t look evil to me.‘  The man turned and slowly walked away. Eve went to follow. ‘Wait!’ she said, but the man was already fading away.
Good, said Arra, sounding relieved.
‘I want to find out what he’s talking about,’ said Eve. ‘Next time I see him I will.’ She hoped she would see the man again soon. He had a message for her, that much was clear.
A stabbing pain suddenly shot through Eve’s head. ‘Ow!’ she said, putting a hand up to her head. ‘My head hurts.’
You should head home now, ordered Arra. And so Eve did. 
Weeks passed and Eve saw many spirits, and once even a ghostly dog, but saw nothing of the man in the top hat, though she kept an eye out for him. One day she was walking down by the river when she saw a little boy. It looked like the same boy from Dr. Hannigan’s office. He was standing at the foot of the little stone bridge, hands in his pockets, his long tweed shorts and shirt and waistcoat were soaking wet. His short hair was plastered to his forehead with water.  Eve didn’t remember the boy being wet when she saw him in the Dr’s office. 
Slowly she walked towards the boy, as if he were an animal that might bolt if she moved too quickly.
‘Hello,’ she said gently to the ghost boy.
‘Hello,’ the boy said back.
‘Why are you all wet?’ asked Eve, though she already knew the answer.
‘I drowned here,’ answered the boy. ‘I slipped on the flat rocks up river.’
‘When did you drown?’ Eve asked.
The boy shrugged. ‘Can’t remember,’ he mumbled shyly. 
‘You don’t remember?’
‘It was a long time ago,’ he said simply.  His clothes looked like something from one of Eve’s History books. She thought possibly the 1800’s.
‘Why are you talking to me now?’ Eve asked, crouching down  so she was eye-to-eye with the boy, her jeans getting dirty from the soft, muddy ground. 
‘Because she wants me to,’ said the boy.
‘Who wants you to?’ 
‘The girl with blonde hair,’ the boy said.
‘Why doesn’t she come and talk to me herself?’ Eve asked plainly.
The boy shrugged again and started to move away. ‘Because she can’t.’
‘Wait!’ said Eve jumping up. ‘Where are you going?’
All of a sudden, the air next to the boy started to move, and then a woman in a long blue dress materialized beside him. It was Arra. Stay away from her, boy, she said harshly. She doesn’t need to be bothered by you. The boy looked at Arra in fear and promptly disappeared.
Eve ran towards Arra in anger. Arra stuck a hand out in front of her and Eve stopped dead in her tracks. ‘Why did you do that?’ Eve shouted. ‘Why did you make him go away?'
Arra who had appeared solid when she first materialized, started to fade quickly. 
‘Why are you showing yourself?’ shouted Eve again. ‘I thought you said you couldn’t!’
Arra’s featured hardened, her smooth alabaster skin wrinkling, turning her beautiful face ugly. ‘I never said I couldn’t. I just said it wasn’t easy for me.’
‘Why did you scare the little boy away? He was in the middle of talking to me!’
‘Enough!’ shouted Arra angrily. 
Eve took a step back involuntarily. She had never seen Arra angry. The only time she talked harshly to Eve was when she was saving her from harm. Eve remembered the time when Arra had shouted at her when she was on the bridge and Eve had jumped backwards because Arra had shouted out a warning, which had saved Eve from leaning on the weak wall of the bridge. 
Tears pricked at Eve’s eyes and she blinked them away. She was shocked and hurt by Arra’s outburst. By the time she could see clearly again, Arra had vanished.
‘Why did you do that!’ Eve yelled out loud. She was angry and didn’t feel like just thinking it, she wanted to show Arra that she was upset.  An old man walking a dog on the other side of the river looked over at her. Arra made no reply.
Eve stormed angrily across the bridge, towards the man with the dog, in the direction of home. The man pulled his dog away from sniffing at something on the ground and hurried on his way. When Eve reached her home she stormed up the stairs to her bedroom and slammed the door, throwing herself on her bed and pulling the covers over her. There was a gentle knock on the door. It was her mother. ‘Evie, are you okay, sweetie?’
‘I’m fine, Mom. I just don’t want to talk. Please go away.’
There was a pause, then, ‘Did you have a fight with someone?’ Eve didn’t answer. ‘Do you want to talk about it?’ said her mother, opening her bedroom door a crack. 
‘No!’ Eve shouted, still facing her bedroom wall. 


*****


The following week, Eve was down by the river picking the wildflowers that bloomed there. Her cousin was getting married and Eve was picking flowers for the table arrangements. The flowers along the bank were especially colourful and beautiful, nurtured by the rich clay soil and river water.  She was bent down looking at a cluster of snowdrops when she sensed movement.
She looked up towards the small poplar trees further down the bank and gasped. It was the strange tall man with the ragged top hat, and he was leaning casually against one of the tall thin trees, staring at Eve.  Eve sprang up and ran towards the man, not taking the chance that he might disappear if she went slowly.
She was about to speak when a blinding pain burst in her head and she collapsed to the ground. She saw the pale man looking down at her with baleful eyes, and then she blacked out. 
Eve came to with a circle of concerned faces surrounding her. Real, live faces. She slowly sat up. ‘It looks like I’m back in Kansas, Toto,’ she said, laughing weakly.
‘Are you okay?’ asked one of the faces, leaning in. It was little Joe, though he wasn’t very little anymore.
‘What happened?’ asked another face, this one a girl. Eve recognized her. It was Sharlene, one of the girls in her History class.
‘I don’t know,’ said Eve, gingerly touching her forehead. ‘I just had a bad headache I think.’
‘Sounds like a migraine to me’ said another girl standing next to Sharlene that Eve didn’t recognize. ‘My uncle gets them all the time.’
Little Joe reached out a hand and helped Eve up. She was covered in mud and sand from where she fell. She looked up at the sky that was quickly clouding over. ‘I must have been out awhile,’ Eve thought. ‘It’s getting dark already.’
‘Did anyone see,’ she started and then stopped. She was about to ask if anyone had seen where the man in the top hat had gone. ‘Don’t be ridiculous,’ she scolded herself. ‘No one else can see him!’
‘Did anyone see what?’ Little Joe asked, his little boy’s voice beginning to grow gruff. 
‘My flowers,’ said Eve, recovering herself. ‘I was picking flowers’.
‘There they are,’ said Sharlene pointing a little ways away. They were leaning up neatly against the poplar tree that she saw the tall man standing next to, and were tied together with a blue ribbon. She hadn’t done that. She had been holding the flowers when she had run towards the mysterious man. They should have been on the ground and most likely crushed and ruined, not tied up neatly with a ribbon.
‘Oh, yes,’ said Eve grabbing them up quickly, hoping no one asked why they were over there when Eve wasn’t anywhere near them. But of course someone did.
‘Why are they over there, and you are over here? Didn’t you say you were picking them?’ asked the girl that Eve didn’t know next to Sharlene. 
 ‘Oh, well, um…’
Arra spoke up right when Eve needed her. She was always there in a crisis. You were starting a new bunch.
‘I was starting a new bunch,’ said Eve. ‘I’d finished that bunch and wanted to start another one. I didn’t want to have too many flowers at once. I…’ she hesitated. ‘I just forgot I put them there.’
This seemed to satisfy everyone. Some of the people started to move away and head up towards the bridge. ‘We’re going fishing,’ said Little Joe. ‘Want to come? He offered.
‘Um, no thanks. I think I’m going to go home and lie down,’ said Eve. ‘Thanks anyway.’


*****


Eve saw the strange ghostly man only a handful of times over the next few years, and every time she got close to him, to speak to him, she was incapacitated by headaches. Sometimes she would then have to spend the rest of the day in bed, recovering. Her parents took her to doctors, who gave her various medications for headaches and migraines, none of which helped.
During one of these episodes when Eve was lying in bed recovering she brought through Arra to speak to her. It only took a bit of focus and then she could hear Arra loud and clear.  ‘Why do I get these…headaches, I guess, whenever I see that strange man?’ she asked pulling up her duvet around her. ‘Is it from you or from him?’
There wasn’t an immediate reply, and then, It is a bit of both. I told you that man, that spirit, is evil, Arra said, going into one of her lecturing modes. And the pain that you suffer is me trying to stop him from harming you.
Eve mulled this over and was about to ask another question when Arra continued. My job is to protect you from harm, as I have told you countless times. The pain you feel is me and this evil, harmful spirit fighting over you, and I try to put up a barrier around you, to protect you.
Having read up on psychics and how to enhance her abilities, by borrowing the handful of books on the subject in the town library, Eve spoke up. ‘But any good psychic should know how to protect themselves with their own barriers! I have learned to surround myself with protective light and mental shields. The basics of psychic…ness. I’ve read up on all that, I’ve practiced!’
Arra’s voice hardened. With a spirit like this, that is not enough. This is when your guide, must step in.
Eve wasn’t sure this was right, but the pain in her head flared up again and she closed her eyes and slept.
And over time her sightings of the tall thin man lessened.


*****


Age 25


Eve went to her room and took off her favourite summer dress that had been ruined by her hiding in the blackberry bushes. She jumped in the shower to clean off the dirt and cleanse the cuts and scrapes over her body. She was just getting out of the shower when she heard the scream.
She quickly wrapped her towel around her and flung open the washroom door, running out to the living room. It was her mother - she was standing in front of the TV with her hand over her mouth and tears streaming down her face.
‘Mom, what’s wrong?’ Eve asked, rushing up to her mother, putting a hand on her shoulder. Her mother pointed at the TV. The nightly news was on, and it showed the river bank, and a swarm of police and other officials. ‘That poor girl!’ her mother cried, ‘that poor little girl’. 
Eve didn’t see what all the officers were surrounding, but she knew what it was. The corpse. The dead body of the young girl she had come across herself just over an hour ago. With Arra’s help she had avoided being found next to the body, that wouldn’t have been good. She knew she was seen as the town weirdo, even if no one in town knew she was psychic, she had kept that aspect of herself well hidden.
‘Oh…yeah,’ said Eve.
Her mother whipped around to face her.‘What do you mean, ‘oh yeah?’'.
‘Oh, I had just heard from Amber before I got in the shower. She called and she told me about it,’ said Eve, her left eye twitching as she spoke. She subconsciously put a hand up to her face.
Eve’s mother turned back to the screen and sat down in the arm chair. The tears continued to flow. Eve went up to her mother and hugged her. ‘It’s okay, Mom.’
Later that night in a continued news broadcast, police made a plea to the townspeople of Golden Falls and the surrounding townships. If anyone knew the identity of this young girl to please contact the police without hesitation. So far no one in Golden Falls or False Creek recognized the girl. Police put out a statement that no foul play was involved, and that it looked like the girl had simply drowned by accident.
A week passed, then two, and the local police had had no one contact them about the girls’ identity. On the morning of the last day of the two weeks, Eve had an idea. She had heard that if no one had come to identify the girl by the following day, she would be placed in the cemetery in an unmarked grave. Shutting out a protest from Arra, she went down to the local police station, a small brown slatted wood structure. She entered and spoke to the young, and not unattractive, male officer at the front desk.
‘Excuse me sir,’ she said. ‘I’m here about the young girl that was found down by the river a few weeks ago’. The young officer got up and opened a small side door leading to other desks in the small office. ‘Really?’ he said. ‘Please come with me. I’ll ask you a few questions.’  Eve bit her lip, which she always did when nervous. ‘Um, okay.‘ She followed the young man to a desk further back in the small building. The man, who introduced himself as Officer Hannigan, motioned for Eve to sit down. Eve raised her eyebrows at this. ‘Hannigan?’ she said. As in Dr. Hannigan, psychiatrist and counsellor?’.
The man smiled. ‘Oh you’ve heard of him,’ he said, with slight surprise in his voice. ‘Yes, he’s my father.’
‘Oh,’ said Eve taking the seat. Officer Hannigan sat down opposite Eve and opened a file folder that was on the desk. ‘So,’ he said. ‘You said you think you might know who the girl is?’
‘Um, yes,’ said Eve. Her left eye twitched, but Officer Hannigan did not notice as he was busy writing in the file. 
‘Where do you know her from?’ he asked.
‘Well, I’m not sure exactly.’ Officer Hannigan looked up at this. Eve continued quickly, ‘I mean I’m not too sure if I know her or not. That’s what I’ve come by. To see….’ she cleared her throat, her mouth had suddenly gone dry. ‘To see the body, and see if I do know her, or not.’
‘Oh,’ said Officer Hannigan closing the folder in front of him and looking slightly disappointed. 
‘Well, who do you think she might be?’
Eve bit her lip again, thinking. She asked Arra for help, but she was unusually silent. She simply shrugged.
Eve noticed the young officer was wearing a light blue short sleeved shirt, that matched his eyes. ‘And,’ she thought to herself  ‘his pants are the same dark colour as his hair.’ There was a patch above his left breast pocket that read ‘Cst. Hannigan.’ Eve looked him up and down, wondering why she had never seen him before. Golden Falls wasn’t a big town and she had lived there all her life. 
As if reading her mind he said, ‘I’m from False Creek, if you’re wondering. He had a slight drawl and Eve couldn’t help but smile at the sound of his voice. 
The Constable looked surprised at Eve’s request. ‘ Are you sure....?’ he stopped, realizing he hadn’t asked her name.
‘Eve,’ she supplied. 'Eve Hendry.'
He reached his hand across the desk. She took it and shook. ‘Nice to meet you Eve, I’m Paul.’
He repeated his question. Are you really sure you want to do this? It’s not a nice sight, you know, seeing a dead body.’ 
Eve nodded. After all, she knew what the girl looked like. She had been the first to see her down by the river, before those little kids showed up with all their fishing gear.
‘Okay then,’ said Paul, pushing back his chair. He waved her forward, ‘come with me.’ She followed the young man past a clutter of desks towards a door at the back. Paul opened it and stood aside to let Eve past. Eve was expecting some stairs, or at the very least a hallway, so she was surprised to find she was back outside. Paul gestured to a low concrete building a few hundred yards behind the small police building they were now standing outside. ‘Our morgue is over there’ he said. ‘Follow me.’
Eve followed the officer through long grasses between the police department and the morgue, her pants becoming wet with the morning dew.
Paul took a key ring off his belt that held a handful of keys and opened the locked door. He ushered her into a long concrete hallway.  ‘It’s the door at the end,’ he said. They walked in silence, side by side down the narrow passage.  
They entered the room, which was surprisingly and deceivingly large. There were instruments on tables along 3 walls of the perimeter, which Eve tried her best to avoid looking at. The furthest wall was stainless steel, with twenty or so small squares on the surface. Officer Hannigan walked up to the wall unit, grabbed a handle on one of the metal squares and pulled; out rolled a long drawer on which was a figure draped in a white sheet. He started to lift up the sheet when Eve shouted. ‘Wait!’ she said. He jumped slightly at the abruptness and stopped, hand still holding up a corner of the sheet.
‘Um, can you maybe leave me alone for a few minutes,’ she asked. ‘I need to, um, gather up my courage, to look at…her.’
‘Oh okay, sure,’ he said, lowering the sheet again. ‘I understand. I’ll go and stand out in the hallway. When you’re done you can close the freezer again. And then just come on back out to the hall.’ He moved to walk away then turned back to her. ‘Take as long as you need,’ he said, and left.
Eve stood there just looking at the sheet. She didn’t want to look. She hadn’t seen the girls face down by the river and didn’t want to see it now. Those kind of things had a bad habit of sticking in your mind. Instead she gingerly reached out a hand and was about to place it on what she thought was the girls’ stomach. Be careful, she heard Arra’s voice ring through her head. Her hand stopped, hovering inches above the body. ‘Why?’ Eve asked, though no response was forthcoming. 
She placed her hand on the girl. Nothing happened. She was expecting at least something – visions, a feeling, a thought of a name or something to identify the girl. But there was nothing. Eve’s mind was blank. She removed her hand and closed her eyes. Slowing her breathing, she focused her mental energies and again reached out and touched the body. Again there was nothing, just darkness.
‘Why?’ she thought. And Arra answered. She is just a shell now. Empty. Her spirit has long left her body. Her spirit would have left a few minutes before actual death.
‘So why would I have not seen her spirit when I was at the river?’ asked Eve.
Arra didn’t respond.
Eve gave up. She grabbed the handle on the front of the compartment door and pushed it. The drawer slowly moved back into its space.
She went back out to the hallway where Constable Hannigan was holding a small handheld radio, pressing buttons and turning knobs. He looked up. ‘So?’
Eve shook her head. ‘No, sorry.’
‘Oh well,’ said Paul. He turned off the lights in the room and locked the door. They walked back down the long hallway.
‘So what’s going to happen to her now?’ Eve asked.
‘Well, she’s going to be buried in the cemetery. Tomorrow.’ Paul said, shrugging. 
‘Um, thanks,’ said Eve when they were back in the police station. She put her hand out.
‘No problem,’ said Paul taking her hand and shaking it firmly. ‘Nice meeting you. I bet you never want to see that place again!’ he said laughing.
Eve laughed. ‘Definitely.’ She left, not thinking she would be back the following week.


*****


Eve stepped gingerly across the large flat rocks in the river just up from the bridge. She sat down on the largest rock and took out her lunch from her favourite leather carryall.  She sat with her feet in the cool water. She was looking toward the bridge and about to take a bite of her sandwich, when she saw what she thought was, at first, a cloud of gnats hovering a few feet above the bridge. She looked more closely and realized it wasn’t insects that were moving, it was the air and it was shimmering as if the air was hot. She hadn’t seen this since the last time she saw the strange tall man. As if on cue, as she looked at the shimmering patch of air, she saw the man with the long smoking jacket appear on the bridge just behind the shimmer. The man stared at her and she stared back. She didn’t move, remembering every other time she had gone to speak to the man up close, she had been hit by the blinding pain in her head. 
Then she did something she had never done before. She focused her mental energies and visualised a barrier. What Eve liked to call her psychic net. She placed it around her head. And then she saw Arra in her minds eye, and placed another net around her. Then she opened herself up to the man on the bridge. She could hear Arra’s voice in her head, but it sounded like it was coming from behind a heavy wall. She sounded angry. Eve smiled. ‘Good,’ she thought. ‘It worked.’
She looked at the man and the man looked back and then she heard his voice in her head. ‘She wants to talk to you,’ he said. It was the same message he had given her last time she was able to talk to her, back when she was in high school. 
‘Who wants to talk to me?’ Eve asked again, the same as last time they spoke. Once again the man pointed to the shimmering in the air. 
‘She wants to talk,’ he said
‘But who is she? Why can’t I see her?’ Eve said.
‘She has sent you a message,’ said the man, in a monotone voice.  ‘And she will send you another. Next week’.
Eve was about to ask more when her mental barrier broke and Arra came crashing through. Pain wracked her body and Eve blacked out. 
She awoke in her own bed. She wondered how long she had been out. She sent a thought out to Arra, but as she had done more and more recently, she did not answer. ‘Understandable’, thought Eve. ‘She’s probably mad at me for blocking her out.’
She got out of bed and stood on unsteady legs. That last outburst of Arra’s had taken a lot out of her. She left her bedroom and went out into the kitchen. Her mother was there, her back towards Eve. She was preparing dinner. 
‘Hey Mom,’ Eve said. ‘Do you need any help?’
Eve’s mother turned around. ‘Eve! You’re awake!’ she exclaimed, gathering her daughter up in a hug. ‘How are you feeling?’ her mother said, holding her at arms length. Eve noticed her mothers’ eyes were red and watery.
‘Have you been crying, Mom?’ she asked.
‘Oh, it’s nothing, don’t worry,’ said her mother, rubbing her eyes with the back of a hand. ‘I was just worried about you, that’s all. I tried hard not to get upset.’ She laughed with embarrassment. ‘I guess it didn’t really work.’  Eve laughed too and gave her mother a hug. Then she grabbed a handful of carrots and started to chop.
Eve glanced over at her mother. And then back at the carrots. She stopped cutting, put the knife down and took a deep breath. ‘Mom…’ she asked.
‘Yes dear?’
‘I was just wondering, what do you think of Psychics?’ Eve asked meekly.
Her mother laughed ‘Psychics! What on earth made you think of that?’
‘Oh, I just saw a TV show on them’ Eve said, her hand involuntarily going up to her twitching eye. ‘Do you believe in them?’
‘Oh goodness no, of course not. People who see the dead…’ her mother trailed off, and became quiet, concentrating on basting the roast. After a few minutes she said ‘Your grandmother, Eva. That’s who you’re named after, you know, she was always going on about being psychic, and talking to dead people. It was ridiculous!’
‘Really?’ said Eve. She had seen pictures of her great grandmother. She always thought she looked a bit scary, a stern look and eyes that seemed to look right through you.
‘Yes,’ said her mother. ‘She was always quite eccentric.’ Her mother laughed. ‘She always used to wear these giant floppy hats, all year round, even in the middle of winter, when there was snow on the ground.’ 
‘Hmmm,’ said Eve. ‘Do you know if she had any journals or anything? I would love to read them.’ 
Her mother turned and looked at her. ‘Why?’
‘Oh, just to find out more about her. Plus it’d be a good story to tell my friends at school, that I had a relative who thought she was psychic.’ Eve laughed, trying to make her mother believe she thought it was just as silly as she did. 
‘Oh that would be fun,’ her mother agreed. ‘I’m glad you’re spending more time with friends.’ She handed Eve the large roast in a pan. ‘Put that in the oven, will you?’
Eve did and then went back to the vegetables. After a few minutes, she asked ‘So…did Eva have any kind of diary?’
‘What?’ said her mother distractedly. ‘Oh, yes, sorry. I forgot. If we still have them, they should be down underneath the stairs in the storage room. Somewhere in all that junk.’ Her mother shook her head.
Eve raced down the stairs, taking them two at a time. She opened the small door to the crawlspace under the stairs. She groaned when she saw it was packed to the rafters will all kinds of junk – old sleeping bags and foam mattresses, boxes of picture albums, her old tricycle. She dragged everything out and spread it out on the floor of the downstairs den. It didn’t take her long to find. They were in a box marked ‘Great Gran’s things.’
She opened the box and found three ancient looking leather bound books, plain in colour. She picked up the first, a small red one, dusted off the cover and opened it. Inside in ink, was her great-grandmothers flowing script handwriting. It was difficult to read in certain parts, the ink having bled over the years. She flipped through it, reading headlines such as: Moving with the mind; Seeing the Future, Seeing the Past; and ‘Communicating with Animals.’ Eve didn’t find what she was looking for and put the book aside. She took out the second book, this one purple with gold filigree on the cover in a strange pattern.  She opened it and flipped through it, stopping to read certain passages, or trying to read a certain word or sentence that had bled.  She came to the end and placed it on top of the first book. She hadn’t found what she was looking for, but she hoped it was in the final book with the green cover at the bottom of the box. This last one  seemed to have a certain glow about it.
She opened it and placed it on her knees. It was much bigger and heavier than the first two. She turned the first page and there it was, the headline in heavy ink and underlined, ‘Messages from the Dead’. Eve started to read. ‘Messages from the dead can come in many forms,’ it said in the swirly writing. ‘Sometimes aurally, sometimes in dreams. But mostly as inanimate objects’. Eve went to the next passage. ‘Depending on the size of the object, and its uses, sending these objects, or clues, to a psychic take a lot of energy from the spirit on the other side.’ Eve turned the page. ‘The most common items that psychics come across are feathers, rings, items of sentimental value that represent that spirit on the other side.’ Eve turned the page again and continued ‘It is especially important for those spirits who cannot, for some reason, manifest themselves visually to communicate with the psychic. They have to represent themselves by these objects in the real world.’ Eve scanned the rest of the page, but to her disappointment that was all that was said on the matter. She flipped through the rest of the book, hoping there would be more.  Eve closed the book. She kept the green book out but put the other two back in their box and then placed everything else back into the storage under the stairs, brushing a large spider that had landed on her arm onto the ground. 
Instead of heading back upstairs, she stayed down in the den, sitting in a large comfy, but rarely used armchair. ‘This…someone,’ said Eve out loud to herself, ‘is trying to send me a message. That’s what that strange pale spirit man said. But I haven’t seen any feathers or family trinkets or anything.’ She sighed. She got up and took the large green book and hid it underneath the armchair. ‘Safekeeping,’ she thought. ‘What do you think Arra?’ she asked in a whisper. Yet again Arra was silent. 
The following week autumn decided to hit with force. Up until then the weather had been unseasonably warm. But as September came to a close, it brought with it harsh freezing wind from the mountains to the north, and cold driving rain. Eve brought all her cardigans out of the closet and thick fleecy socks. She hated having to put away her light and floaty summer dresses. She loved the colourful clothes of the summer time and even the rich colours of early Fall clothes - the reds and the oranges, matching the colours of the changing leaves outside on the trees. Somehow without fail when October came around, the colour drained from people’s wardrobes, as well as the trees and the grasses outside. She wrapped herself up in her favourite Fall cardigan, even though it was a drab brown in colour. She added a splash of colour with a long chunky woven scarf in a rainbow of colours. She tied her long hair back and tucked it up under a woollen hat.
She was about to open the door when her mother appeared at the top of the stairs. ‘Where are you going on a day like this?’ she asked. ‘It’s horrible out!’
Eve was going to say that she was going to head down to the river, just to go for a walk, but then for some reason, decided against it. ‘That’s why I’m all wrapped up like this’ Eve explained.  She noticed her mother looking at her expectantly. She still wanted to know where Eve was headed. ‘I’m just going out,’ said Eve, quickly adding ‘I’m meeting a boy,’ which wasn’t too far from the truth. She was hoping to run into Cst. Paul Hannigan, just to ask him a few more questions about the girl that was found down by the river a few weeks before.
Her mother couldn’t hide her surprise. ‘Oh really?’
Eve nodded. 
‘And who might this boy be?’ enquired her mother. Always asking questions, Eve thought, annoyed.
‘Paul Hannigan,’ Eve said. After all, she was hoping to see him, maybe just not today. But if she did, she wouldn’t have minded.  
‘Paul Hannigan,’ repeated her mother. ‘You mean the young Constable out at the police station?’
‘The very same,’ said Eve. 
‘Where did you meet him?’
‘Oh you know…’ Eve said evasively, placing her hand on the doorknob, wanting to escape this conversation.
Suspicion clouded her mother’s face. ‘Just outside the police station,’ said Eve quickly. ‘I was just walking past one day, and he was getting out of his car.’
‘Oh,’ said her mother. Eve took this chance to escape and opened the door. ‘I’ve got to go, I’ll be back later,’ she shouted as she left the house and walked into a bitter blowing wind that seemed to whip the words away from her. She pulled her wool coat tightly around her, wrapping her arms around herself for warmth. Even though she had heavy boots on, necessary for the inclement fall and winter weather in Golden Falls. It was a town nestled in a valley between two giant mountain ranges. This caused the cold winds from the mountain tops, in the winter, to descend down into the valley and surround the town in an icy grip that seemed loathe to ease up on Golden Falls long after other towns in the area had experienced the warmth of spring.


*****


Eve had meant to head to the river. She was thinking about Officer Hannigan, and about what her great - grandmothers journals had said about messages from the spirit world. She was so wrapped up in her thoughts that her feet seemed to take her somewhere else entirely, and by the time she came out of her reverie she found herself near the high school.  She hadn’t been this way in years. There wasn’t any reason to go by the school if you didn’t actually attend the school as it was out past the edge of town. And Eve noticed, past the police station. She wondered vaguely if Paul was perhaps working today.  
There was no one on the school grounds, it being a Sunday and blustery with the October wind keeping everyone inside and warm. She looked around her and noticed the tree.  It was The large oak tree at the edge of the football field where the strange ghostly man had lead her that day and had first told her of the girl with the message for her.  She walked over to the tree, glad to be protected from the strong chill winds by the hardy oak canopy. She pulled her long cardigan underneath her and sat down on the cold, hard ground. she was glad that it was thick and grateful for its warmth.  ‘Maybe if I sit here for a bit, a message will come to me,’ she thought. ‘I must clear my mind,’ she said, thinking back to the early lessons Arra gave her on how to use her psychic talents.  She crossed her legs and closed her eyes. She cleared her mind. She sat there peacefully for a few minutes when Arra’s voice interrupted. ‘Don’t do this,’ she said. ‘Some things are best left alone.’
Eve opened her eyes and looked upwards as she always did when she talked out loud to Arra.
‘What do you mean by that?’
Do not worry yourself. There is no need to look for messages for something that isn’t an issue, Arra said.
‘Well, I happen to think there is!’ said Eve irritated, closing her eyes again. Before she continued to receive any messages that might be there from the spirit world, Eve first cast one of her psychic nets over Arra. Arra screamed in rage, and Eve pictured her thrashing around in the protective energy barrier Eve had placed her in. Eve visualized a second barrier on top of the barrier of golden light she had put around Arra. ‘Don’t want any repeats of last time,’ she thought, as she placed another psychic net, this one of silver light,  using her abilities to imagine it being as strong as steel, and so that it was so. With Arra safely out of the way, Eve continued to open her mind to any spirits in the area. At first, she saw nothing. And then, as if coming from within a deep, heavy fog, a figure appeared, and slowly came closer and closer to where Eve sat. She opened her eyes, staring with unseeing, glazed eyes. She was not seeing the reality around her, she was now seeing into the spirit world.
She heard a noise, off in the distance. A banging and screaming. Arra, she thought, then moved her mind and re-focused on the figure coming towards her. In this psychic realm, this other plane, Eve was no longer sitting on the cold hard ground under the oak tree near the school. She was sitting on an ornately carved stone bench. The same bench she had sat many times in her dream encounters with Arra. Arra was not there, being safely locked away in some other plane.
The figure suddenly broke through the veil of fog. It was a girl. A young girl in a long pink dress with long blonde hair. Eve was reminded of the girl she had found by the river so many weeks ago, at the end of summer. Eve looked closely at the girl. No, this wasn’t her, this was someone else. The girl smiled at Eve. The smile of a girl too young to have any cares or worries of the adult world.  The girl opened her mouth as if to speak but no sound came out. She looked around and suddenly fear filled her youthful face. ‘What’s wrong?’ asked Eve. 
The girl looked around and became more panicked. Eve noticed she was fading away rapidly, almost as if the mist had come and started to swallow her up. The girl mouthed something, but no sound came out. Eve tried to read her lips. ‘I can’t hear you!’ said Eve, starting to panic herself. ‘Please don’t go away!’ Eve shouted. She could barely see the girl who was now translucent, and then suddenly she was gone.
‘Come back!’ yelled Eve into the fog that started to come in thick and fast, and started to swirl around her. She was becoming disoriented. ‘Help me!’ she screamed, trying to move, trying to wake herself up from the psychic trance, and come back from this other plane of existence. Suddenly the thick grey mist parted and seeped away, and Arra was standing in front of her. Hush, she said, placing a pale thin hand on Eve’s shoulder. You’re okay now.
Eve burst into tears, frightened. ‘Oh Arra!’ she cried, throwing herself at Arra and hugging the tall ephemeral woman in her long blue gown. ‘Thank you! You saved me. I didn’t know what was happening. This mist…’
Shhhh, relax, Arra soothed. I know. You’re safe now.
Eve snapped open her eyes. She was lying on the ground, sprawled underneath the great oak tree. She was staring up through the branches of the oak, at a bright white sky, a sign that snow was imminent.  She sat up and took a few deep breathes. She looked around her, half expecting to see some thick fog.
She got up and walked unsteadily home. It was late afternoon by the time she walked through the door.  She went straight to her room and climbed under her duvet, not bothering to take off her sweater.  She awoke to the sound of crying. She opened her bedroom door. She heard her mother crying, and her father trying to soothe her. 
Eve walked into the living room. Her parents were standing in the middle of the room, her father hugging her mother to him. The TV was on, to the only news station the town had. On it was a now familiar scene. A group of people were standing down by the river.  There was a small huddle of people from the town, cordoned off a little ways away from the river bank, with two police officers manning the barrier.  Behind the news reporters shoulders you could see some people standing on the riverbank itself.  There was an area to the side of the people on the riverbank that was clear, and you could see the dark, turbulent river flowing past. Eve watched some of the story, standing near her mother who had her face buried in her father’s chest. Her father also looked as if he had been crying, his eyes glassy and red rimmed. 
Eve was about to turn away from the screen when she saw something that made her stop in her tracks. In the clearing on the riverbank, where you could see right down to the water, stood a man. The man. Eve hadn’t seen the tall man with the top hat in a long time.  Even though he was far away, it seemed as though he was looking straight at Eve. He pointed down to the ground, where obviously another body had been discovered. And then he lifted something out of his opaque smoking jacket. It was round and shiny, on a string of some sort. He pointed to it.
Stunned, after a few minutes Eve managed to open her mouth and ask her parents, ‘Do you see that man standing by the river?’
Her mother turned to look at the TV. Her father said ‘What do you mean? There are lots of men down there’. 
‘Yes, but the man who isn’t a police officer,’ said Eve. They both looked at the screen and then looked back at Eve as if she was crazy.
‘Never mind,’ Eve said. ‘He must’ve left already. I don’t see him anymore.’ Her eye twitched. She looked at the TV again and the man stood there gesturing to the object dangling from his hand. At this moment the camera happened to zoom in on the scene around the river and Eve could make out that what the man was holding was a gold pocket watch. And then she heard words in her head. Not from Arra, but from the man. She would recognize that deep, gravelly voice anywhere. He spoke to her. ‘He must know I can see him,’ she thought.
He said just four words. ‘This is the message,’ and then promptly faded away.  Just then the news moved on to another story. Eve’s mother stood wiping tears from her eyes, her father with his arms wrapped around her. 
‘Why are you guys so upset?’ Eve asked. ‘It’s just some stranger that’s drowned.’ She thought as she spoke the words that they came across quite callous but she couldn’t think of any other way to say it.
Her mother looked at her, then ran out of the room, crying harder.  Her father watched her mother leave the room, and then sat down on the large worn sofa and sighed. He patted the cushion beside him, gesturing for Eve to join him. Eve sat down beside him. ‘Eve,’ he started ‘I know you like to spend a lot of time down by the river.’ 
Suddenly behind her father a woman appeared. A woman that Eve recognized. It was Ellie, the wife of Mr. Hillsborough. She was standing next to her fathers shoulder, wearing a blackened and charred dress, the burns on her face obscured by her dark hair. The woman leaned into her father and spoke into his ear. ‘Don’t,’ she said. ‘Don’t say anything, not now,’ Ellie said.
Eve stared, not hearing anything her father was saying, even though he had stopped talking. She just stared at the ghostly woman who was whispering to her father. ‘What are you talking about?’ she said to the woman. The woman stopped and turned to Eve, a look of genuine shock on her face. ‘You can see me?’ she said. 
Eve nodded.
‘Who are you nodding to?’ her father asked, turning to look behind him.
Eve didn’t answer. The woman put a hand up to her face, self consciously aware of her burns, even in death. ‘And you can hear me?’ the woman asked.
Eve nodded again. At that, the woman said ‘I’m sorry,’ and disappeared.
Eve’s father was staring at her. She ignored it and spoke. ‘You were going to tell me something, but then you decided not to,’ she said. ‘Something in your head told you not to’.
Her father nodded, a look of bewilderment on his face. He was about to ask her how she knew when an anguished cry came from the bedroom. Her father stood up and placed a hand on her shoulder. ‘I’m sorry,’ he said looking towards the bedroom. ‘Later,’ he said looking at her apologetically, and he ran off to the back of the house to comfort his wife.
Eve sat on the couch, stunned. She ran over in her head what she had just witnessed. She wondered if spirit guides acted as your conscious. Those times when your mind sent you messages of right and wrong or when the voices in your head warned you that something wasn’t right. Was it really instinct or was it some spirit whispering in your ear when all along you thought it was your own inner voice telling you what to do or say? Eve wasn’t sure anymore.
She got up and headed towards her parents bedroom. The door was shut. She paused and then thought better of it. She realized there was somewhere else she needed to go first.
She grabbed her fleecy winter coat from the hall closet by the front door and left. She moved briskly, trying to stay warm on a late October day with evening fast approaching.
She got to the police station just as Officer Hannigan was closing and locking the door to the building. She jogged the last few feet towards him. ‘Paul!’
He turned. ‘Oh, Eve,’ he said. He looked exhausted, she noticed. There were deep, dark circles under his eyes.
‘You look terrible,’ Eve said.
Paul smiled wanly. ‘Gee, thanks,’ he said sarcastically.
‘No, I mean you look tired’.
‘Yeah, well with these bodies recently washing up by the river, it’s a lot of work for a small police station like us. We’re taxed to the limit. All our officers are working over time, going through old files and interviewing basically everyone in town.’  He pulled on a fleece lined cap with ear flaps. It had the police department logo stitched on the front.  He put a padded jacket on and stuck his hands in the pockets. ‘Was there something you wanted?’ he asked, heading for his car, the only one left in the small parking lot out in front of the building.
‘Um, well,’ Eve said, following along side him. ‘That latest…person,’ she said.
Paul nodded, understanding ‘The girl.’ 
Eve raised an eyebrow.
‘Yeah it’s another young girl that was found on the river bank earlier today.’ He opened his car door. ‘The creepy thing is she looks almost the same as the first girl: long blondish hair, kind of like yours, actually. And probably about a few years older than you I’d say. Maybe about twenty eight, or twenty nine.’
He got into his car. 
Eve stood outside. ‘Would I be able to see her, tonight, do you think?’
Paul shook his head. ‘Nope, sorry, not tonight,’ he said. ‘I’ve handed the keys to the morgue back to the bank. They store them in a safety deposit box for us every night. Saves them from being possibly stolen from one of us if we take them home for the night. The only key’s we’re left with are the ones to the front door of the station. All other keys - even to evidence lockers - are handed into the security people at 6pm sharp, every day,’ he shrugged. ‘It’s our policy, always has been.’ He laughed. ‘I don’t know why the department is so worried about people stealing some keys, anyway.’ He smiled to himself. ‘This is Golden Falls for god’s sake!’ He looked up at Eve standing outside his window. ‘Do you want me to drop you off anywhere?’ he asked. ‘I don’t want to have you walking all by yourself, especially in this cold. It’s just going to get colder too’.
Eve hesitated. ‘Where are you going?’ she asked.
‘The same place I always go after work,’ Paul replied. ‘Auntie Em’s café on Main Street. They do the best strawberry rhubarb pie and a good cup of coffee.’ He looked at her again. ‘Do you want to come?’ 
Eve bit her lip, unsure. 
‘Come on,’ said Paul, opening the passenger door of the police car. ‘Looks like you could do with a warm drink. And you can’t go wrong with a great piece of pie!’
Eve relented. ‘Okay’ she said, sliding into the seat beside him. It felt strange riding in a police car.
‘Great,’ Paul said, smiling at her. He really did have a nice smile, she thought. And a little dimple on one side, she noticed, when he smiled.
Less than ten minutes later they were sitting in a booth in a cozy café. There were a handful of other customers, mostly sitting on red leather stools along the long counter. Most, she noticed, had a slice of pie of one kind or another.
Paul already had a steaming cup of coffee in front of him. Eve had ordered hot chocolate. Coffee disagreed with her. ‘I’d recommend the strawberry rhubarb,’ Paul said. Soon they both had giant pieces of pie in front of them. Paul was swallowing mouthfuls as if he’d never seen a piece of pie before. 
Eve took a small sip of her hot chocolate, leaving her pie untouched in front of her. ‘Auntie Em’s,’ she said, trying to make conversation. ‘That’s a good name. I remember really liking the Wizard of Oz when I was little.’ 
Paul mumbled something through a mouthful of pie. He washed it down with a bigger mouthful of coffee. ‘Yeah, Emma, who owns this place had a bit of a thing for Judy Garland,’ he said, gesturing to the black and white photos that lined the walls, all scenes from the film.
‘Oh,’ said Eve. She looked down at the table, and brought her pie forward. She took a small bite. It really was good.
‘So,’ said Eve. Paul looked up from his pie.
‘Mmm?’ he said through some more pie.
‘So,’ Eve repeated ‘this new girl. She looks similar to the last one?’
Paul swallowed another giant piece of pie. ‘Yep. Pretty identical. She actually reminds me of,’ he stopped, and coughed. He took a long drink of his coffee.
‘She reminds you of who?’ said Eve.
Paul looked around the room, seemingly avoiding her. ‘Oh, just that she looks familiar, that’s all,’ he said, glancing back at Eve. ‘Probably just because she looks so much like the first girl, I guess.’ he said. ‘That’s all’.
Eve didn’t say anything and just looked at Paul.
‘The river is dangerous,’ he continued nervously, ‘especially at this time of year, you know, with the rain and when the water rises.’

‘Does anyone know who she is yet?’ Eve asked, ignoring Paul’s warning about the river, she knew it was dangerous in the fall and winter. He didn’t need to tell her that, she wasn’t a little girl.
Paul shook his head. ‘Nope.’ He stabbed at a stray chunk of rhubarb on his plate. ‘Same as last time,’ he said. ‘No one seems to recognize her. We haven’t got one phone call since the news report. Usually with something like this we have pretty much the whole town calling in by now.’
A large woman came by the table with a coffee pot and topped up Paul’s cup. ‘Emma’ was stitched on the front of her blue and white waitress blouse. 
‘Don’t like your pie?’ she said to Eve.
‘Oh no,’ said Eve, ‘I like it a lot,‘ and she demonstrated this by putting another piece of pie in her mouth. ‘I’m just not very hungry I guess.’
‘You need to get some food into you dearie’ said Emma. ’Lookit you,’ she said grabbing Eve’s upper arm, ’so thin!’ she clucked in disapproval. Eve wished she could crawl under the table. She ate another bite of pie. Emma seemed satisfied with this and then moved onto the next table.
Paul had been watching Eve during this interruption to their conversation. ’Do you think you might recognize this new girl?’ he asked. ’Is that why you want to see her?’
Eve was about to say yes when she looked beside Paul and saw someone sitting beside him in the booth. It was an elderly lady with short curly gray hair and high round cheekbones. She was wearing a cream shawl over a long brown dress. The woman smiled and Eve and said ‘could you tell him that I’m glad he became a police officer, just like his Grandfather.’ The woman added, ‘I’m his Nana.’
Without thinking Eve blurted out, ‘Your Nana says she’s glad you’re a police officer like your Grandpa.’ Paul had been about to take a drink of his coffee when he froze, his cup stopped right at his lips. He slowly lowered the mug to the table. ‘What?’ he said in a shocked whisper.
‘Your Grandma, she’s sitting next to you, ‘she says to tell you she’s proud of you, because your Grandfather was a police officer too.’ Paul slowly looked at the empty space beside him and then back at Eve.
Nervously Eve continued ‘she has grey curly hair and high cheekbones and is wearing a long brown dress with a cream shawl on her shoulders.’
‘You can see her?’ Paul asked with wonder.
Eve nodded.
‘My Nana died when I was eleven,’ he said.
Eve didn’t say anything. ‘He’s going to think I’m totally nuts,’ she thought.
Paul continued, ‘Every time I saw her she wore the same cream shawl. And she worn a brown dress all the time,’ he said. ‘I remember my Grandfather too. He died when I was fifteen. I was always telling him I wanted to be a police officer like he was.’
Eve smiled and nodded. ‘Well that wasn’t too bad,’ she thought. ‘He didn’t give me a really weird look, or run away screaming and saying I’m crazy.’
He pushed his empty pie plate to the side. ‘So I guess you must be psychic?’ he said bluntly.
Eve didn’t know how to answer that so simply nodded. 
‘Huh,’ said Paul, playing with his coffee mug awkwardly.
‘I’ve never actually told anyone before,’ said Eve slightly relieved. ‘Not even my parents.’ 
Paul looked at her and put a hand over hers. 
‘I thought you would just think I was totally crazy,’ she said. 
He laughed‘I can understand that.’ he said. ’You’d probably get some pretty weird reactions here. Small town people get freaked out by stuff like that’ he said. ‘You probably could be sent to the asylum’ he said laughing.
‘That’s not funny,’ said Eve, pulling her hand away.
‘Sorry,’ he apologized.
‘Why are you not freaked out by me then? Now that you know I can see your Grandma who is dead?’ she asked.
He shrugged. ‘I lived in Vancouver for a few years when I was younger. The big city is a lot different than here. People are more open, more tolerant. And there’s quite a few people who are psychics there. Or say they are anyway.’ he smiled a slightly lopsided smile. ‘I even went to one once,’ he admitted. ‘I wanted to hear from my Nana or Grandpa. But all the woman did was tell me that I was on some wrong path and needed to make amends with my father to be able to change my life and get on a better track’ he laughed at the memory.  ‘I get on fine with my father, and my life was on a fine track at the time.’
Eve laughed at this. ‘Really?’ she asked. ‘You’ve been to another psychic before?’
Paul nodded, ‘But she didn’t give me a message that she couldn’t have known about, from my Nana or describe her so perfectly, like you just did’.
He leaned forward and whispered. ‘Is that why you’re wanting to see the body? To see if you can see her ghost?’
‘Spirit,’ Eve corrected. ‘They prefer being called that. But, yes.’
‘What did you see with the first girl?’ he asked, curious now.
Eve shook her head, her hair falling into her eyes. ‘Nothing,’ she said brushing the strands away. ‘I didn’t see anything. Just darkness.'
‘Hmmm,’ said Paul, adding more sugar to his coffee and twirling a spoon in the mug.
‘Well, I think we’ll just have to go and see this new girl then, won’t we?’ he said. He took his jacket that was hanging on the corner of the booth and grabbed Eve’s hand. ‘Come on!’ he said.
A few minutes later they were outside the bank. Eve stayed in the car while Paul went up to speak to the security guard. She could see him after he was let into the bank and saw him through the windows speaking to the security guard stationed at the front reception desk.  She could see Paul gesturing to the older man sitting behind the desk. Ten minutes later Paul exited looking dejected and shaking his head. ‘Sorry,’ he said sliding into the seat beside her. ‘First thing tomorrow morning we can get the keys back and we can go over there,’ he said. ‘I promise.’


*****


Before the sun had begun to brighten the cold October sky, Paul and Eve stood at the metal door leading to the morgue behind the police station. This time Paul came into the morgue with Eve and stayed, not going back out to wait in the hall. Paul pulled on the metal drawer and the body covered in a white sheet rolled out. 
‘Do you need to look under the sheet?’ asked Paul.
Eve shook her head, no. ‘I just need to touch her,’ she said. ‘Over the sheet.’ She 
looked at Paul. ‘Well that’s what I did last time anyways, except nothing happened then.’ 
Paul shrugged. ‘Well we’ll just have to see this time, I guess. Go ahead and work your magic,’ he said, taking a step back from the corpse to give Eve some more room to do what she needed. Eve took a deep breath and closed her eyes. This time instead of putting her hand on the girl’s stomach, she placed her hand on the forehead, on top of the thick grey sheet. She stood still, cleared her mind, and waited.
She didn’t have to wait long. In her minds eye, she saw the morgue just as it was as she stood there. Then she saw a girl, older than the girl that lay on the slab in front of her.  She opened her eyes, and saw a shimmer in the air next to Paul, close in size to Paul himself. Eve was confused. She closed her eyes again and saw the girl floating slightly above the concrete floor of the room, next to Paul. She opened her eyes again and only saw the shimmering of the air. Again she closed her eyes.  
The girl looked serenely at Eve. She was wearing a pink dress, the kind a little girl would wear, but this girl looked much older than a young girl; older than Eve by a few years. The girl spirit gestured to the body in the drawer. ‘I am not she,’ she said. ‘I used her as a message,’ she said ‘to get your attention. I have wanted to talk to you. I’ve been trying to talk to you for a long time.’ she said. 
Eve felt a sharp pain in her head. Arra. She was trying to stop Eve from talking to this girl. Eve opened her eyes and cut the connection between herself and the spirit girl. She put a hand up to her head.
‘What’s wrong?’ asked Paul, coming forward, concerned.
‘Don’t,’ said Eve stepping backwards away from him. ‘I need to focus.’ Eve imagined one of her psychic nets encircling Arra in her blue robe. She imagined ropes of light wrapping around and around Arra, binding her tightly. Then she placed a mental shield around herself. She could sense Arra struggling in Eve’s net, and could feel her anger growing. Eve doubled up on the barrier. She visualized a mesh bubble over top of the rope. She felt a small stab of pain above her eye. If that’s all Arra could do from within her metal cage, she could put up with that, she thought. 
Eve then went back to the girl on the metal drawer, and again placed a hand on her forehead. She closed her eyes and re-focused her mind. The girl in the pink dress materialized again. ‘You are okay to speak now,’ said Eve to the ghostly girl. ‘Arra won’t interrupt us anymore’ she said. ‘I hope,’ she thought.
The girl smiled.
‘Are you the shimmering in the air that I’ve seen before?’ asked Eve.
The girl nodded.
‘Why would Arra not want me to see you? Or talk to you?’ 
‘I could not make myself visible to you before now,’ said the girl simply. ‘You weren’t strong enough in your abilities,’ she said. ‘And I wasn’t strong enough. It can take awhile, on the other side, for us to learn to be able to manifest ourselves to you on this plane.’
‘Why did you want to talk to me?’ asked Eve. ‘Why did you get that strange man in the top hat, and that little boy with the pageboy cap and the long tweed shorts? the one that says he drowned in the river, to tell me you were wanting to talk to me?’
The girl simply looked at Eve, her eyes full of sadness.
Eve continued. ‘Why did you use these girls as a message to get my attention? who are they?’
‘These girls are nothing but shells,’ the girls said. ‘They died a long time ago, and their spirits left them many years ago when their bodies actually died. They were not harmed for this. And their spirits gave me permission for me to use their physical bodies in order to get your attention.’
‘Why did you use these girls?’ Eve asked.
‘Because I thought they would help you to remember,’ said the girl in the pink dress. ‘Because they looked the most like me,’ she said.
Eve agreed, ‘They do look a lot like you. But why does that matter? Who are you?’
The girl in the dress smiled sweetly. ‘October 28th’ the girl said.
‘That was yesterday’ Eve said surprised.
‘1978,’ the girl added.
‘October 28th, 1978?’ Eve repeated. ‘What does that mean?’
The girl smiled. ‘That is all I will say,’ she said. ‘It is up to you whether you want to know more’.
The girl started to shimmer and slowly fade away. She was still smiling.
‘Wait, what’s your name!’ shouted Eve.
By then the girl had faded, but Eve heard a single word in her mind. ‘Adrienne.’
Eve’s eyes snapped open and she fell forward slightly. Paul grabbed her arm and steadied her. 
‘What happened?’ he asked with a note of concern.
‘I saw someone,’ Eve said.
‘Someone?’ said Paul. ‘You mean not the girl there?’
‘No, not her. Someone else.’ Eve said. She put a hand on Paul’s arm. ‘I’m sorry,’ she apologized, ‘I’ve got to go. I’ll explain later.’
She ran out, leaving Paul standing next to the girl on the metal tray. He pushed it into the wall and left the morgue and walked down the long narrow hallway on his own.  Eve was long gone. 


*****


Eve ran up the stone steps of the town public library. She flung open the doors and ran up to the lady at the information desk. ‘Hi Linda,’ Eve said to the lady at the desk. Everyone knew Linda, a well known figure at the library since anyone could remember. ‘If someone gave me a date, where would I look to find out anything about it?’ she asked. 
‘Oh hello, Eve,’ said Linda taking reading glasses off her head and putting them on. ‘You’d want the news archives. I’ll show you where they are.’  Linda lead Eve past rows of shelves to a small dark corner of the library and pointed to a shelf that was almost sagging with giant leather bound books. ‘Here are the archives,’ said Linda taking down one of the tombs. ‘Each book contains all the newspaper clippings for one year, divided by months.’ Linda opened the book she had put on the table in front of them. ‘See here,’ she said, pointing to the page, ‘each book has tabs labelling the months.’ She turned over the page with the tab labelled ‘March’ and Eve saw that the page started with news stories from March 1st, and ended with newspaper clippings dated March 31st.
‘Thanks for your help, Linda,’ said Eve. 
Linda smiled and headed back to her post at the front of the library. Eve scanned the shelves until she found the book labelled 1978. It was high up on the top tier of 4 level shelf. She moved a foot stool underneath the area and tugged the book of the shelf, almost falling backwards off the step. The book slammed down on the table. She yanked it open and grabbed at the tab marked October. She scanned the first few pages, looking at the dates at the tops of the articles. When she got to the page that contained the articles dated the 28th, she pulled out a chair, sat down and started reading.
Eve let out a strangled noise when her eye fell across a single word. ‘Hendry.’ There was a small picture accompanying the article. It was of a little girl with long blonde hair wearing a pink dress. It was the same pink dress that the spirit girl in the morgue had been wearing. There was a small caption under the photo. ‘Adrienne Hendry,’ Eve read, the words burning into her mind.
She started to read the article, but it was soon obscured by the tears that filled her eyes, and started to drop down onto the yellowed newspaper cutouts.
She got up on shaky legs and left the book open on the table. She could barely breathe, let alone see with her tear-filled eyes. She stumbled out of the library in a daze and then started to run blindly in the direction of her parents’ home.
She could barely walk up the stairs to the front door she was crying so hard. She walked into the house slowly, blinded by her tears. She found her mother in the living room watching TV.
‘Why didn’t you tell me?’ she screamed at her mother. ‘Why did you hide it from me all those years?’
Her mother looked shocked and confused. ‘What are you-?’
‘Adrienne!’ Eve cried.
Her mother stopped and then she started to cry as well. ‘Oh honey,’ she said getting up and crossing the room. She held her arms out to give Eve a hug. 
‘Don’t touch me!’ screamed Eve backing away.
‘We didn’t tell you to protect you,’ her mother said. ‘That’s all. We didn’t want to scare you. It’s a horrible thing to remember.’ Her mother went on. ‘You were only five. So young.’ she said. ‘And we were glad that you forgot so quickly, for some reason. It was after Adrienne… after what happened, that your guardian angel showed up. And we were glad because that kept you company, and kept you occupied, and you seemed to have blocked it all out.’ she said. ‘You must have been so traumatized that you blocked it all out.’
Eve sat down heavily on an armchair. ‘Those girls that were found by the river…’ 
‘Yes.’ said her mother. ‘That’s why we were so upset. Because it reminded us of what happened to Adrienne. She was only eight, you know.’
Eve nodded. She knew. She had read it in the newspaper article. How her older sister, eight years old had been playing by the river and had waded out into it because she saw something in the water she wanted to get, and was swept down river. She was found on the same small patch of river bank that Eve had first come across one of the girls that Adrienne had set up for her, to help her remember what had happened.
‘You were there,’ her mother said. ‘You were there playing by the water in the sand when Adrienne….’ she couldn’t finish.
Eve unbound Arra from her psychic prison. ‘Did you come to me to make me forget? And play with me so I wouldn’t remember?’ Eve said.
Yes, admitted Arra. ‘I did it for your own good.
‘Why did you keep stopping her from trying to talk to me?’ Eve yelled at Arra. ‘Why did you stop those other spirits from trying to tell me that it was Adrienne that wanted to talk!’
There was a pause. Before Arra could speak again, Eve said ‘I can’t trust you anymore.’
Arra started to protest.
‘I don’t want you as my spirit guide anymore. You have been lying to me and keeping me from the truth all this time. I can’t listen to you. I can’t take your advice. I want Adrienne to be my guide!’ Eve yelled at Arra. And she cut the psychic connection between them.
Don’t, she heard Arra’s voice weakly, but Eve easily shut her out. She would not let Arra intrude any longer. She opened her mind, casting it like a lighthouse beam in the night, searching. ‘Adrienne?’ she asked. ‘Are you there?’ At first she heard nothing, and then she heard a faint yes, and felt a presence, a certain feeling, come over her. Adrienne had come and filled the void that was left by Arra. ‘I am here,’ Adrienne said. ‘Thank you’.
Eve got up from the chair. ‘I’m leaving,’ she said simply and went to the door. 
Her mother looked shocked and confused. ‘What do you mean you’re leaving?’ 
‘I can’t be here anymore, Mother. I can’t live with you. I can’t trust you. You have hidden this from me. And you never would have told me, would you?’
‘We did this for your own good!’ her mother cried. Eve had heard that already. 
‘I’m not a child anymore, mother. I’m twenty-five.’ she said. ‘I could have handled it. You don’t understand what I know. What I see.’ 
‘What do you mean?’ her mother asked.
‘Do you know how I found out?’ Eve yelled. ‘Do you? It was Adrienne. She told me!’ Fresh tears started falling again. ‘I had to find out from her. Not from you’. 
The look of confusion on her mothers' face deepened. ‘What?’
Eve shook her head, ‘Nevermind.’ Then she moved towards the door. ‘I’ll be back to get my things in a bit,’ and she left the house, leaving her mother standing at the top of the stairs, confused and crying.


*****


Eve ran into the police station, flying through the doors and up to the desk. There was a large man at the front desk drinking coffee, his feet up on the table. ‘Where’s Paul,’ asked Eve, breathless from running. The man spluttered, having just swallowed some coffee. He pointed to a small office at the back of the room.
Eve went through the small hatch door separating the reception from the main working area. 
‘You can’t go in there!’ shouted the large officer after her, removing his feet from the desk but making no further effort to get up.
Eve burst through the door of the small back room. Paul jumped up from behind a table. Sitting opposite was a man in handcuffs.
'Eve, what are you doing here?'
Eve grabbed Paul's hands and pulled him forward. 'Come with me!' she said, not bothering to wipe away the tears that were falling onto her shirt.
'You're leaving?' he asked incredulously. 'Where are you going?'
'I don't know yet. Somewhere, anywhere but here!' she cried. 'They lied to me. All of them!'
'I know,' said Paul gravely, nodding.
'You know what?’ She asked, full of suspicion.
'About Adrienne. That's what you're going on about right?'
'You knew about her? You?'
Paul nodded again. 'I knew as soon as you told me your name,' he said. 'When we first met.’
'Why didn't you say anything!' she screamed at him, letting go of his hands.
'I didn't think of it. I didn't think it was appropriate,’ he said simply, looking down at the floor, anywhere but at her.
Her tears started anew. 'I can't believe this!' she yelled, stepping away from Paul. 
The man in the handcuffs sat looking up a both of them, amused and bewildered at what was happening.
'I trusted you.' she said. 'Of all the people, I thought I could trust you,' she spat, turning on her heel she slammed the door to the interrogation room. Paul flung it open. 'Eve, wait!' he yelled taking a step out of the room. He couldn't leave the man sitting in the room, nor leave Officer Simons along with him. It was protocol that there were at least 2 officers present at all times.
She ran out the entrance and ran down the main road towards her house, not stopping one.
She went into her bedroom and took the suitcase from out of her closet and started to throw everything she could get her hands on inside. On the top, she stuck her favourite stuffed animal, Koko, a ratty old koala bear that she had had since she was five.
Her sister spoke again, for the first time as Eve’s guide and protector. ‘It won’t be the same in the big city,’ she said, echoing what Paul had told her earlier. ’People are more understanding about people like you and of things like me.’ Eve just smiled and nodded, slamming her bulging suitcase closed.
With only a simple goodbye and brief hug to her mother and father, Eve stepped out the front door and walked down the long winding gravel drive with her small suitcase in tow.

###
About the Author:
Caitlin McColl has been writing stories as soon as she learned how to read and write. As a young girl and in her teenage years she wrote many short stories, mostly fantasy - with dragons and wizards and other fantastical monsters.
She still loves fantasy and in her most recent works, Under A Starlit Sky, All About Eve, its prelude, and her upcoming novel The Clockwork Universe (http://www.theclockworkuniverse.com), all involve aspects of fantasy or the supernatural, mixed in with our real world - no dragons or fairies or wizards here! Yet...something slightly different. A different perspective.  With fantasy injected into stories involving our world (your world), it makes it easier to imagine yourself there. Because they, the characters, are normal, down-to-earth people just like yourself - but something is...different.
She has a short story published in an anthology called Write For Japan (http://www.writeforjapan.com) to help aid Japan after the devastating earthquake and tsunami in March 2011.
Contact Me Online at:
Twitter: http://twitter.com/arrawyn
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/arrawyn
My blog: http://www.underastarlitsky.com/blog.html

