ALL & ALL

ipam




Smashwords Edition Copyright 2019 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

CHAPTER ONE



The city of Birmingham is geographically located almost in the center of the US State of Alabama.
The city had been founded in the year 1871, after the American Civil War, starting to thrive in the new industries of iron ore, coal, and limestone rock mining and steel production to the northeast region, within the USA. Major of the natives had come from England and then settled in the dirt. Thus, the founders decided to name the new city in honor of Birmingham, England.
Throughout the decades, the city had experienced significant ups and downs during the Great Depression of 1930 and World War One in 1941 affecting both industry jobs and population growth.
Currently, there are over 210,000 individuals living with the city limits.
Geographically, the valley floor on the city runs in-between parallel mountain ranges which tail end on the Appalachian mountain range and then the rainwater drains down into a series of small creeks branches, including the Village Creek, which flows directly down into the Black Warrior River. The flat valley of the city is surrounded by numerous mountain summits. Red Mountain is located south of downtown Birmingham. Sand Mountain stands in the north of the city. Ruffner Mountain is due east of the city. Shades Mountain sits southeast of the city. Oak Mountain is due south of downtown Birmingham.
The city of Birmingham is 147 miles west from the city of Atlanta; 92 miles north from the city of Montgomery, 147 miles northeast from the city of Meridian within the US State of Mississippi; 239 miles southeast from the city of Memphis within the US State of Tennessee; 192 miles south from the city of Nashville, within the US State of Tennessee, and 148 miles southwest from the city of Chattanooga in Tennessee also.
Geologically, the city comprises 146 miles of land and 2.5 mile of fresh water streams.
Humid, sub-tropical climate in the air waves over the city of Birmingham supplies hot summers with 85° Fahrenheit and mild winters with 44° Fahrenheit and provides abundant rainfall throughout the solar year, with March as the wettest month. The driest month is October. The fixed geographical arena experiences severe thunderstorms, tornados, and remnants of active tropical hurricanes coming south up from the Gulf of Mexico.
On the outskirts of city limits of Birmingham, twenty-six different suburbs thrive and contain 491,000 individuals, making metro city area comprise 700,000 individuals.



Cast of Characters:


Angee, messenger angel
Argus, warrior angel, son of archangel Michael
Azrael, archangel of all death angels
Michael, archangel of all warrior angels
Bo, warrior angel, guy of Tina
Chase, guardian angel
Dallas, warrior angel
Drake, human male, guy of Mella
Gabriel, archangel
Gavreel, messenger angel
Metatron, archangel of all messenger angels
Ithanna, guardian angel
Raphael, archangel of all guardian angels
Jake, death angel, guy of Xambree
Lystra, warrior angel
Mella, human female; gal of Drake
Tina, guardian angel, gal of Bo
Xambree, death angel; gal of Jake
Uriel, archangel of life angels



Story plot:

Evil Satan has invited the heavenly angels to participate in a treasure hunt on Planet Earth for a set of missing and misplaced truly captured and hidden human souls from heaven and has provided a set of evil riddles and some encrypted creepy clues. The evil arrangement must be fulfilled by an angel, not an arch-angel.
Any type of angel can play within the celestial treasure box, including both the mighty warrior angel and the powerful death angel. 
The second part of his evil catch, some of the searching angels must represent the biological teen angel from one or more of the heavenly arch-angels, within this win or lose mental and physical game.
Same calendar date, same city, same mall, different avenue...

Monday, December 9th

City of Hoover, within the State of Alabama
   (35 miles, south, from Lake Martin)

Adam Mall location
59° Fahrenheit air temperatures; 100% sunlight
    0 wind speed; 0 cloud cover; 1% humidity


The city of Hoover is located south of downtown Birmingham and is one of the largest suburbs with 85,002 suburbians living within the one of the twenty-six geographical locations that surrounds metro city Birmingham. The city possesses the usual entities, several schools, a city hall, several public recreational facilities, a local library, grocery stores, drug stores, restaurants, and private companies, and the largest shopping mall building in the State of Alabama. Other fine portions of the city include golf courses, walking parks for dogs and humans, walking flower gardens, and two major roadways that lead towards the city of Tuscaloosa in the west direction or metro city Atlanta in the eastern horizon.

Inside an enclosed shopping mall building that stood on top of an island of vanilla-tinted concrete, consisting of an assortment of short and tall three red bricked structures, the flock of heavenly angels continued the treasure hunt searching each bright and blinking neon business sign and through every glass display windows that presented numerous items for sale, such like clothes, food, candy, and electronic toys, hunting for the lost human souls that were guarded by evil Satan. The operation hours at the mall started at ten o'clock in the morning and ended at ten o'clock in the evening.

At 04:12 pm, heavenly angel Dallas continued to lead the rest of the angel flock down one of the mall avenues and entered back into the overflowing smells and crowds of shopping, eating, drinking, laughing humans, turning to see each glass window and the merchandise contents on display inside each human business store while pondering the location of the Eve's Tomb.
A different mobile telephone sounded with a classical musical song with scales of musical notes. Chase moved with Lystra and whipped out his personal mobile telephone, pressing the button, cutting off the music. He pressed the phone icon and a new musical song blasted from the tiny speaker bombarding the air waves.
The musical song was entitled Half Breed and had been recorded by musical solo artist Cher in the year 1973.
"Half-breed, that’s all I ever heard. Half-breed, how I learned to hate that word. Half-breed, she’s no good they warned. Both sides were against me since the day I was born. My married father a pure Cherokee. My mother's people were ashamed of me. The Indians said I was white by law. The White Man always called me Indian Squaw. Half-breed, that's all I ever heard. Half-breed, how I learned to hate the word. Half-breed, she's no good they warned. Both sides were against me since the day I was born...”
“Cut me some slack, Satan!” Dallas heard the new musical tune and softly moaned underneath his sour breath.
Chase broke from the group and rushed ahead with a stern face, pulling up beside Dallas, pointing down at his personal mobile telephone. The other angels quickened their pace and surrounded around both Dallas and Chase while hearing the new musical song and the new plan.
Chase continued to pad with Dallas and looked up, scanning each business store. “I’m guessing here. But, the word half-breed seems to be the key word here in the musical tune. What is the definition of a half-breed? An angel is not a half-breed, neither is a demon. Each one is a pure creature of light or darkness.”
“People are a half-breed race.” Lystra laughed.
Ithanna turned and frowned at the nose profile on Lystra. "That is not a nice statement about our Earth-bound wards, Lystra. And our angel fight does not concern a human, only us.”
“I agree with Chase. What is the definition of a half-breed species? Maybe, a half-breed species is not living but exists in only matter or manner.” Bo cuddled Tina with a nod.
Dallas continued to move and scanned each business store in silence while pondering the new clue from Satan. His two eyeballs cut at each visual display and as his brain cells eliminated each item within his mental mind and then Dallas stopped with a smile. The group of angels halted with a gasp and stared at the back spine on Dallas.
Dallas slowly back stepped and smiled at the store sign: Bama Pet Store. He pointed at the closed entrance door on the store as each angel turned and stared through the glass windows. “Breeding is an animal hobby which is utilized by some of the more greedy humans for more greedy human monies. Could this be our half-breed clue coming from nasty Satan, any angel?”
The store entrance displayed an narrow shut glass door in-between two slightly curved glass windows without a single animal for sale which was strange for a business selling pets for a family unit.
"Yes!" Chase turned and dashed ahead, shoving Dallas from the footpath with a smile, reaching out, touching the door handle. He pulled the door open while ringing the tiny door bell and entered a narrow short tunnel. The entrance aisle was enclosed and narrow fitting only one body at a time could enter into the pet store.
Chase led and followed by Xambree, Jake, Bo, Tina, Ithanna, Lystra, Argus, Bo, Dallas, and finally Mella as each one passed a set of empty clean cages.
Chase moved down the aisle and whipped out his angel sword, dropping the weapon by his leg, pacing towards a smiling sale clerk, who stood behind a work counter on the rear wall inside a long rectangular room.
Xambree continued inside the narrow aisle and shouted out loud, staring at the back spine on Chase. “Chase, come back here! We work as a team, not solo.”
On top of the floor, Chase rushed ahead and ignored the tall and short cage of iron on each side wall that reached up into ceiling. On the last row of cage, the vertical grill flung open and revealed a coiled snake. Six snakes slithered out from their prison cage and crossed the smooth cool tile floor and coiled in front of the aisle archway blocking the line of angels. Chase continued forward unaware of the danger.
Xambree halted with a gasp a few feet from the aisle archway and shouted out loud. “Chase, go on ahead of us and get out from this pet store. Use the rear door in the back of store. Hurry! We'll be there soonest!”
Each heavenly angel plus Mella exited the aisle tunnel and formed a semi-crooked line which faced the rear wall and two side walls of animal cages. Dallas exited last and stood in-between Mella and Lystra.
Argus continued to stand and sneered with annoyance, stomping a boot toe ahead around one of the coiled hissing snakes. On the bottom cages, three vertical lids opened and revealed a white tinted boar pig with an exposed pair of white fangs grunting a nasty tone, running into the open floor. Each mammal turned and faced the line of angel. Each pig pawed its white tinted sharp hoofs on top of the tile at each angel.
“Snakes! Swine! Wow! Where's the damn dragon?” Dallas laughed and scanned the new environment. Satan liked to use the symbol of the dragon to scare the humans and some messenger angels.
Bo stood beside Tina and leaned around Lystra, shouting, “Hush, Dallas!”
In the rear wall, behind the work station, the female sale clerk quickly morphed into a red, yellow, and green colored ancient dragon beast jumping from the floor and hovered in the air. The mighty dragon spread out its wings into full  inflation holding it balance in the air looking up, blowing a stream of yellow and red tinted fire into the ceiling wooden planks. The planks swiftly burned into strings of gray ashes and slowly rained down on top of the open floor and the ugly head on the dragon.
In front of the room, within the angel line, death angel Jake chuckled at the new dragon beast. “Geez! Dallas just had to inquire about that thing, did he not, ya'll? So, way to go, man!”
“Not me!” Dallas frowned at the unique beast within the universe.
Argus frowned, “Stand down, Dallas! Who is your new un-friend, Chase?”
In the air, the dragon beast looked down and stared at the line of angel quickly transforming into a male angel with a pair of blood red colored angel wings covering the arch hump all the down towards the two feather tips. He slowly landed down on top of the work counter and stared at the line of angels without whipping out his angel sword.
On the line of angels, Xambree exhaled with annoyance and shouted out loud with a sour frown, staring at the new enemy. “Geez! I am so surprised. I see another Crimson Tail.”
Dallas frowned. “Damn! Is there really another one with a pair of pretty angel wings? We just ki… kinly and unkindly encountered one of these nasty things earlier.” He turned and leaned down over the hair roots on shorter Lystra while sneering at the nose profile on Argus. “How many these red things exist within the universe, Argus?”
Argus turned and winked at Dallas. “O! I need to tell you something, Dallas. One more Crimson Tail is left based on the verbal agreement between the Source and the Satan,” he laughed with the other angels.
He sneered. “And you believed that naughty creature and his lie.” Dallas returned back and studied the side wall with puzzlement. On each closed cage the locked silver magically popped and then the cage door popped opened. A pair of cute two white bunnies, two white tinted kitten, and two white tinted puppies leaped down from the cage floor, through the air, and landed down on top of the tile floor. The animals formed a line and then quickly morphed into a solid white format and grew into an extremely large canine dog with exposed white fangs, snarling at the line of angels.
“I do believe that my eyeballs are staring a litter of x-ray dogs.” Bo frowned and shuffled closer to Tina for protection and love.
“Ugh! And the cute line of puppies had quickly grown into a line of very large devil dogs.” Xambree frowned.
Bo nodded. “The two dogs are colored in white hue. Why are the dogs colored in white hue, Dallas?”
“Why are you asking me that crazy question, bro?” Dallas frowned at the amusing evil transformation from a nice Earth mammal into a hellish devil hound, praying for the sweet living soul from each Earth animal that was slowly ascending into heaven for rest and relaxation, before the next reincarnation back down on Planet Earth.
“Come on, Dallas, answer the imperative, imperial, inquisitive, important question.” Bo laughed.
“Whoa! Four strong adjectives within the same question! Bo really is a freaked out, scary, stinky snot-hole cat.” Dallas chuckled.
“I see inside each body a beating red colored heart organ, a pair of breathing blue tinted lungs, strings of flexing pink colored muscles, and each sturdy white tinted bone.” Xambree exhaled with confusion. “So, you can count me as one of the freaked out, scary, stinky snot-hole kitten, Dallas.”
Dallas exhaled with annoyance and nodded with a stern face. “The devil dog does not contain a living soul, only evil energy in multi-colors.” He crossed his arms and studied each growling animal while pondering Satan’s next move against the remaining heavenly angels. Then he turned and studied each angel including each graceling pondering their safe and protection too.
“I feel only bad vibes from each one of the growling devil animal.” Jake nodded.
From a hidden speaker on the ceiling, a new musical tune and words blasted in the air wave which was entitled Good Vibrations and had been recorded by the musical group The Beach Boys with the year 1966. 
“I’m picking up good vibrations. She’s giving me the excitations. Oom. Bop. Bop. Good vibrations. I’m picking up good vibrations (Good vibrations, bop bop). She’s giving me the excitations (Excitation, bop bop). I’m picking up good vibrations (Good vibrations, bop bop). She’s giving me the excitations (Excitation, bop bop). I’m picking up good vibrations (Good vibrations, bop bop). She’s giving me the excitations (Excitation, bop bop ...”
In front of the store, the closed front door swung open as the tiny bell rung with a loud ting. A large dog dashed into the aisle and weighed 75 pound racing out, attacking the leg on Jake. Jake looked down and gasped in shock, squatting down, petting his friend. “Jimbo, you’re here with me. I am glad you’re here with me, pal.”
Ithanna back stepped with a gasp from Xambree and pointed down at the dog, screaming in panic with her girly emotions. “That...that's another devil dog. The thing is attacking Jake. Help him!” Xambree reached over and hugged Ithanna, whispering into her face about the dog. Ithanna exhaled with relief and smiled down at the dog.
Jake rubbed and petted the bone skull on his angel dog Jimbo, smiling with happiness. “Naw! This is not another devil dog that had been created by Satan. This is my angel-dog. His name is Jimbo. Jimbo, go and sic that nasty Crimson Tail! Go and protect, Chase, Jimbo! Go, Jimbo! Protect, Chase!” He lifted his hands and then dog spun around sneering at the Crimson Tail.
"Protect me, Jimbo!” Dallas slapped his chest with laughter and return back at the Crimson Tail.
“Hush, Dallas!” Bo smiled down at the angel-dog.
The Coonhound dog breed looked down and targeted its first prey on top of the floor, slowly advancing one paw at a time towards the line of six white tinted, tongue drooling devil dogs.
Ithanna wobbled side to side in worry and pointed down at Jimbo. “We gotta help here too. We are the bigger and taller angel creatures here and we aid all lives including farm livestock and nature wildlife and family pet animals.”
Jake smiled. “Give Jimbo some time! He’ll clear out the traffic jam for us to finish this angel mission.”
On the floor, Jimbo launched up from the floor and landed on top of the middle devil dog, biting and tore off the dog's ear, slicing his fangs down into the rib cage on the devil dog, peeling off the layer of white skin tissue. Jimbo slammed his paw against the white forehead on the injured devil canine.
The devil dog dropped down and tumbled flat on its rib cage on the tile floor with rough breathing from its injuries.
Jimbo leaned down with a growl and sunk all of its sharp dog fangs down into the exposed white tinted neck skin on the devil dog, creating a death kill. The injured devil dog produced a soft wheeze releasing out its last oxygen breathe and then the creature exploded in a plume of white tinted powder.
From a hidden speaker on the ceiling, the musical tune changed and played a new musical tune and words in the air waves which was entitled Pour Some Sugar on Me and had been recorded by the British hard rock musical group Def Leppard with the year 1980. 
“Pour some sugar on me. Ooh, in the name of love. Pour some sugar on me. C’mon fire me up. Pour some sugar on me. I can’t get enough. Step inside. Walk this way. You and me, babe. Hey. Hey. Love is like a bomb, c'mon get it on. Looking like a tramp, like a video vamp. Demolition woman, can I be your man? Razzle and a dazzle and a flash a little light. Television lover, baby, go all night. Sometime, anytime, sugar me sweet. Little miss, ah, innocent sugar beat, yeah. So, c'mon, take a bottle, shake it up. Break the bubble, break it up. “Pour some sugar on me. Ooh, in the name of love. Pour some sugar on me. C’mon fire me up. Pour some sugar on me. I can’t get enough..."
The line of five excited devil dogs continued to stand and sounded with growls, barks, tongue drools, advancing one paw at time toward the single coonie dog breed.
Ithanna bounced up and down shouting out loud with alert, “No! Stay back devil dogs! Help Jimbo! Please, someone come and help Jimbo! Save Jimbo from the evil of Satan, please!”
An object flew through the open door and exited from the narrow aisle tunnel, flying into the room, buzzing around the ceiling.
On the angel line, graceling Lystra looked up and laughed, pointing at the object. “What is that thing? I see a bird in flight.”
Ithanna bounced up and down sounding with cheers and claps, following the bird. “Yay! The bird is Noah’s dove. Thank you, Daddy!”
Lystra laughed with amusement and followed the tiny bird in the air. “The bird is a dove. A dove is a tiny, fragile, and useless fowl. What can a tiny white tinted dove do against a line of six devil dogs?”
“Dove is the symbol of purity, Lystra.” Ithanna continued to bounce with a smile of happiness and followed the flight of the dove.
The flying white tinted dove dived down towards the line of angels and checked out that each one safe, flapping its wings, leaving the angels and flew towards Jimbo.
Then a new mammal literally appeared from thin air and stood with his hairy butthole in front of a standing Dallas.
Lystra whipped the air molecules from the animal staunch and sneered out loud. “It’s a goat.”
The mammal turned its long white hairy face and a pair of large curved horns, viewing Lystra, inflating its pair of large nostril holes. The mammal snorted out an amount of visible steam of heated air as a pocket of pale blue moisture lingered in the air waves and then slowly dissipated into nothingness. The goat swung back around and growled at line of five devil dogs.
On the angel line, Dallas laughed and nodded with a smile. “That's a mountain ram, Lystra, not a goat. That ram displays some of biggest, nastiest, devil-shaped numerous sharp horns here on Planet Earth.”
“Correction there, Dallas! Our new friend comes down from heaven to join our heavenly fun today. He had been caught by Abraham and then sacrificed on the altar, instead of Abraham's biological human son Isaac. Go boy! Ram that line of devil dogs. Go and help, Jimbo, Ram!” Xambree bounced up and down cheering on the angel animals against the line of devil beasts.
“Ugh! I do believe this is going to become a battle field slaughter with only a medium-sized barn goat, a small puppy dog, and a tiny flying bird against a line of five growling, snarling and men devil dogs.” Lystra shook her braids and crossed her arms in frustration.
"O! Ye of little faith.” Argus smiled at the angel animal line with confidence.
The face on a solid white tinted unicorn appeared in front of Argus. Argus squatted with a smile and winked into the face on the unicorn. The unicorn winked back at the angel. Argus stood upright. The face on the unicorn turned and visually checked the health on each heavenly angel, slowly spinning around to face the line of five devil dogs, without a sound.
Dallas bend down and viewed the nose profile on a shorter Lystra. “You do remember what the unicorn animal symbolizes, didn't you, Lystra?” He stood upright and stared at the animal line. She did not speak but shifted her leg with her hanging sword. Argus chuckled along with Dallas.
The unicorn back stepped from the ram and the coon dog while protecting the line of angels, shaking his beautiful long white mane sideways, bragging loudly, accepting the deadly challenge from the line of devil beasts.
Jimbo dropped down his bone skull near the floor and pinned back his ears, displaying his dog fangs, growling at the three of the devil dogs on the end of the line. The ram lowered his bone skull with a massive set of horn points and aimed at the two of five devil dogs. The tiny dove continued fly in circles in the middle of the angel animal line.
The last devil dog on the line swiftly raced ahead toward the Ram, leaped up from the floor, sailed through the air, landing on three of the ram horns, dying instantly. The ram back stepped and shook his bone skull. The dead devil dog dropped down from the horn bones and landed down on the floor quickly exploding into an array of white tinted powder.
The third devil dog launched up from the floor on its two hind legs directly at Jimbo, flying through the air. The dove dived down and flew on a parallel course right above the bone skull on the devil dog, lifting her bird tail in the air. She released out a set of yellow tinted poop pellets that flew into each one of the open eyeballs on the dog. The dog tripped forward over its two front paws and landed down on top of the floor, shaking its bone skull sideways from the clogged bird poop.
Jimbo raced ahead and slammed into the blind devil dog, tearing off one ear point, ripping out its vocal cords from its exposed white tinted throat muscles. The dog dropped down sideways with severe injuries and then loudly exhaled its last breath of life, popping into a plume of white dust.
On the angel line, each one squatted down to avoid any danger or damage to their human body. Jake cheered and clapped for the line of angel animals against the hell fire beasts. “Go, Jimbo go!”
Bo kneel beside Tina and clapped for the animal angel team. “Ms. Dove has dropped her two pretty bombs right down into each eyeball on the devil dog.”
“Dove crap! I love it.” Dallas laughed and leaned over hugging Mella. Mella leaned into his cheat and clapped for the heavenly animals too.
“There are only two more devil doggies left from the fight.” Ithanna smiled and clapped for her heavenly animal team.
“You need a pair of human reading glasses, Ithanna. The evil beastie line consists of two more snarling devil dogs, six hissing snakes, and three prancing pigs waiting for us, after the devil dogs bite it.” Lystra continued to sit on the floor and leaned against the wall, frowning at the war between the animals.
“Bite it! That’s good, Lystra.” Dallas turned and winked at Mella. “She’s an angel and a comedian.” He chuckled with Mella.
The two center devil dogs charge ahead with a lower bone skull as both of them were smart enough to avoid Dove’s poop ammunition. Then they quickly separated from each other and as both of them were smart enough to take advantage of the battle fight.
One dog slowly advanced at the standing ram as the flying dove dived low from the ceiling flinging a yellow tinted poop pellet into only one eyeball on the racing dog. The running dog shook its bone skull and flung off the yellow goo, rushing ahead at the ram, growling with its fangs for the death kill.
The ram reared upright on its two hind legs and then stomped back down at the back spine on the dog. the dog bursts into a plume of white powder spreading over the floor and in the air waves. the tiny bits of white dust floated around the light breeze and then sizzled into nothingness on the floor also.
Jimbo stood his ground in front of the angels and watched the last devil dog, snarling at the evil beastie.
The last devil dog raced ahead with deep growls and then leaped up from the floor, flying through the air for the final fate death kill. The dove swiftly ascended down from the ceiling and slammed both of its bird claws into the left eyeball on the dog. The dog twirled around in a circle with sneers and lifted up his paw slapping the tail on the dove, knocking the bird into an unconsciousness state. The dove sailed backwards from the howling devil dog towards the entrance wall flying into a certain deadly death.
On the line of angels, Dallas released Mella with a gasp of worry and swiftly stood upright, quickly back pedaling into the aisle hallway, shouting out loud. “I got it. I got it.” He bend down at both of his kneecaps and then cupped both of his hands like a pretend baseball glove, holding and waiting for the flying object.
“Catch her, Dallas!” Argus spun around following the bird's pathway with a gasp of panic.
The flying dove landed inside his two open palms. Dallas shouted with excitement. “I got her. I got her.”
From a hidden speaker on the ceiling, the musical tune changed and played a new musical tune and words in the air waves which was entitled Lay Your Hands and had been recorded by the American rock and roll musical group Bon Jovi with the year 1988.
“Lay your hands on me. Lay your hands on me. Lay your hands on me, Lay your hands on me. Lay your hands on me. Lay your hands on me. Lay your hands on me. If you're ready, I'm willing and able. Help me lay my cards on the table. You're mine and I'm yours for the taking. Right now, the rules we made are meant for breaking. What you get ain't always what you see. But satisfaction's guaranteed. They say what you give is always what you need. So if you want me to lay my hands on you …”
In front of the entrance door, inside the narrow aisle space, Dallas slowly stood upright with a smile and cradled the bird into his chest, petting her soft tiny bone skull. The dove awakened from unconsciousness and sounded with soft coos within his hands. Dallas pulled the small mammal from his chest and smiled down at the dove.
The dove shook its bone skull and stood upright on top of its tiny bird feet, flapping its wings, batting its white feather and sounded with a set of set coos at Dallas. He grinned. “You’re welcome, doll!”
She bounced up and down sounding with cheers and claps for the angel. “Yay, Dallas!” Ithanna had been stood upright from the floor and watched the dove's fate with worry.
“Great catch, man! Great catch, Dallas. You're the man, bro!” Bo tossed both of his arms in the air and danced side to side with victorious happiness, dropping both arms. He placed one around Tina and pulled his girl into rib cage, leaning over, kissing her lips. Bo spun them around and sat back down, watching the last fight of the mid-day.
The dove spun around and faced the opening, flying up from the two flat palms on Dallas, sailing out from the aisle tunnel. She flew in the air waves near the ceiling tiles and watched the angel-demon animal fight down below on the floor.
Each angel spun around with relief and sat back down in worry, watching the last fight on top of the floor also. Jimbo continued to stand in front of the line of angels and waited its last prey, growling at the devil dog.
The devil dog stopped the howl and looked down, snarling at Jimbo, jumping straight up from the floor, flying in a circle. The dog traveled over the open floor while spinning. Jimbo was confused at the dog's attacked and looked up. Both of the hind legs on the spinning dog slapped the bone skull on Jimbo.
Jimbo started to swirl around on top of the floor and twirled a few inches in the air soaring into the middle floor into a pile of animal cages, scattering the equipment over the floor and against the side walls. Jimbo crashed into one of the animal cages and rested on top of the floor, softly moaning  the impact.
In front of the angels, the ram raced ahead towards the devil dog and lowered its skull for a deadly horn attack.
Jimbo shook his bone skull and cleared the dizziness, standing upright from the floor, loudly barking at the ram. The ram halted and looked up, staring at Jimbo. Then the ram slowly back stepped and stopped, standing in front of the line of angels protecting the heavenly flock.
On the angel line, each angel shuffled around to see the upcoming fight.
Jake pointed at Jimbo and nodded with a smile. “Jimbo, he wants the kill.” Jake translated the dog barks for the angels.
“Go Jimbo, go!” Xambree sat in-between Jake and Argus and sounded with cheers and claps for her angel-dog.
In the middle of the floor, the devil dog spun around in shock and softly growled, lowering its face, slowly advancing to Jimbo. Jimbo copied the dog's pace paw by paw. Then the  two canines halted and met in the middle sounding with a set of loud growls, drooling wet tongues, and vicious snarls.
Jimbo reared upright on his hind legs and showed his dog fangs charging at the dog. The devil dog copied Jimbo stance. The two dogs collided and danced upright in a two-step position with both of their front paws locked together growling at each other.
Jimbo tilted his bone skull to the side when the dog leaned down and bit into the shoulder blade on Jimbo.
Jimbo whined in pain and then slammed his bone skull down into the rib cage on the devil dog.
The dog broke free from the two-step upright doggie dance moves and then dropped down, landing backwards on his back spine. Jimbo lunged down with an open mouth of blood-stained fangs, diving into the exposed chest cavity on the devil dog, sinking all of his sharp fangs into the flesh, tearing off the white tinted skin tissue. He reached deeply and snatched up the red tinted pumping heart from the dog’s body.
The devil dog softly whined and then exhaled its last sour breathe, exploding into a plume of white tinted powder over the floor and in the air as each dust particle sizzled into nothingness.
On the angel line, each angel swiftly stood upright from the floor and sounded with cheers and claps with the heavenly victory.
Ithanna extended her index finger even with the floor with a smile. The tiny dove flew down from the ceiling tiles and landed on top of her human finger, sweetly tooting a happy song to Ithanna. Ithanna smiled with a nod to the dove. “O! Thank you so much, little dove. Thank you so much for your help here on the Earth plane against the evil animal beasties.”
The tiny dove tooted twice and flew off her human finger, leaving the pet store, returning back into heaven to Noah and his family members.
The other angels slowly shuffled around and then sat back down on top of the floor, chatting with each other, starting from the side wall Lystra, Argus, Xambree, Jake, Ithanna, Tina, Bo, Dallas and Mella. Each one stared at the middle of the floor with a line of more dangerous evil beasts.
Jake stood upright with a smile and then bend down with a smile, clapping for his angel-dog, shouting out his angel-dog name. “Jimbo! Come over here, Jimbo! You're a good boy, Jimbo.” He felt the human emotions of happiness and relieve that his heavenly pal was still alive and unharmed and would travel back into heaven with his master, once the angel assignment had been completed.
Jake sat back down with Jimbo beside his rib cage along with his girl Xambree on the other side of human body, staring at the middle of the floor. In the middle of the floor, the six snakes stood upright and flickered out its tongue, smelling the air with sweetness, hissing at the line of goody-goody heavenly angels.
From a hidden speaker on the ceiling, the musical tune changed and played a new musical tune and words in the air waves which was entitled Bad Company and had been recorded by the British blues musical group Bad Company with the year 1980.
“That’s why they call me, Bad Company. I can’t deny. Bad, bad Company, until the day I die, until the day I die, until the day I die. A company always on the run. A destiny, oh, it's the rising sun. I was born a shotgun in my hands. Behind the gun, I'll make my final stand...”
On the angel line, in front of the entrance wall with half a solid glass window, Bo cuddled Tina leaning over, whispering into the eardrum on Dallas. “What’s happening, again, inside this creepy place? I thought we had vanquished all of the evil animals in here. Why aren’t all of the evil creatures from Satan vanishing from the floor and my eyeballs, Dallas?”
Dallas shook his curls in silence and stared at the movement on the rear wall with worry and anticipation.
On the rear wall, the new Crimson Tail stood upright on top of the word station, measuring five feet and five inches in height, a head of slicked back black tinted hair forming into a long tied ponytail down his back spine, a heart shaped face, a pair of thick black tinted hairy sideburns, a tone of beige-rosy skin tissue. A set of ripped muscles outlined a ratty dirty dull white tinted long-sleeved tee shirt over a pair of ratty and faded dirty white tinted jeans and as he wore a pair of crimson and black colored cowboy boots. The prominent feature on his upright angel body displayed a pair of angel wings in solid blood red hue, without a single white tinted feather.
Edgar leaped up from the table with a smile and landed down top of the clean floor with a wink at the approaching heavenly angel, who had been pursuing his tail feathers for the past three calendar months without a death kill. He slowly strutted ahead for the new fight and laughed out loud with confidence. “Now, it is my turn, Chase.”
“I’m sorry about Jam.” Chase slowly strutted ahead to Edgar for the final angel-demon fight. He was feeling stronger, after the defeat and death of his biological angel sister Jam, who had become a Crimson Tail, compliments of Edgar.
“I’m sorry too. But, you can make me feel better by dying next, Chase.” Edgar lifted up and held his saber with a two-fisted pose in front of his face, gliding over the smooth tile quickly into Chase, releasing one hand and slammed his fist into the jaw line on Chase.
Chase tumbled backwards with yells of fear and landed down flat on top of the floor, gasping for air, shaking his curls side to side and cleared the dizziness from his mind.
In front of the entrance wall, on the angel line, Xambree gasped in alert and then sneered in angry, swiftly standing upright with a growl, shouting out loud to Chase. “Hold on, Chase! I'm coming to help you ...”
"No!" Argus gasped in alarm and quickly stood upright, reaching out, grabbing the wobbling arm on Xambree, using his male angel strength and human manly muscles, jerking her back into chest. He leaned over and whispered into her cheekbone. “We’re not allowed to interfere, Xambree. This is his fight, not ours. Sit back down next to me and be quiet, so Chase can do his heavenly job to the demon male.”
Xambree slowly sat down with a low growling sound of fury and as Jimbo copied the angel's growl with his own disapproval too.
Jake reached over and stroked the hairy bone skull on Jimbo with love. Jake leaned over and whispered in Xambree’s eardrum. “I do remember all of these sad stories you had told to me, Xambree. What would happen, if the pure white tinted angel wings on a rouge Crimson Tail ever displayed in one hundred percent blood red hue?”
She exhaled with worry and annoyance at Argus, sneering her question to Jake. "Chase, he will not let that happen. He's a good angel fighter. Edgar had been the first newly failed and then defeated guardian angel losing only to Satan himself, becoming the first ever Crimson Tail, after his first two killings of another guardian angel and associated life angel. That was the first time the new word, rouge angel, had been used by the Source centuries ago.”
On the rear wall, Chase continued to wiggled on top of the floor and shook his bone skull side to side. Edgar padded closer with a smile and lifted his sword over his black tinted hair roots. Chase lifted up his leg and kicked into Edgar’s jaw line with the boot toe using all of his heavenly angel strength. Edgar flew backwards and screamed out loud, landing in the corner wall on top of a display of empty iron made animal cages, crushing down into the metal. Angel red blood spilled down over his busted top lip, onto his tee shirt and his jeans, hitting the clean floor. He shook the dizziness from his set of twirling brain cells and slowly stood upright from the floor, wiping the blood from his two nose holes. He rushed ahead and whipped his blade sideways, then up and then down at Chase.
On the front wall, the line of angels silently cheered for Chase without perturbing the quiet air waves as the line of hissing snakes and snoring swine continued to annoyance the team of angels with meanness.
On the rear wall, Chase swiftly stood upright from the floor and whipped his blade sideways. Then the two blades collided with a loud musical sound producing a plume of fiery sparks, burning the human flesh off each cheekbone.
Chase sneered and held his own against the oldest Crimson Tail living within the universe.
Edgar jumped backwards with a sneer and freed his sword. Chase carried his motion forward and sliced his blade against the naked bicep on Edgar, cutting the tender flesh, seeing the rd tinted blood proteins on the skin. Chase spun around with a sneer and slammed his blade into the  saber, creating more sparks of fire and sounds of grunts.
Both of the individual blades leaned heavily towards Chase’s chest cavity while Edgar pushed and grunted with his ancient strength of hundred angel souls inside his demon body. The angel sword and demon saber slowly eased forward back down towards the face on Chase as Chase pushed his angel sword in the opposite direction, mouth spitting on Edgar.
Edgar reached out and kicked out his boot toe connecting into Chase’s exposed kneecap.
Chase screamed in pain and dropped his angel sword down on the floor, lifting up his injured kneecap into his chest, limping on one leg backwards from the Crimson Tail. He tripped over one of the animal cages and then dropped down flat on his back spine, staring and sneering up at Edgar.
Edgar strutted ahead with a smile, stopped with laughter, and stood in front of a grounded Chase, extending his free hand down to the angel male, nodding with a wicked smirk. "Join me, Chase! You're a very good ..."
"... angel. Never! No! Naw! Nope! Do you best, Crimson Tail!" Chase winked with a smile at Edgar.
Edgar sneered in fury and reached down into his inlay of his polished white tinted cowboy boot, pulling out, stabbing his hidden golden dagger down into the exposed chest cavity on Chase. The heavenly angel body instantly burst into a vertical wave of yellow tinted angel dust that flooded the room and the eyeballs on Edgar.
He closed his two eyelids from the flying dust balls and dropped the blood stained saber on the floor, tossing his chin backwards, waiting for his heavenly miracle. His pair of original guardian white tinted angel wings do not paint with any additional tiny hue in blood red proteins coming the terrible death on the heavenly angel that would display one hundred percent of the last red tinted blood stains coming from each dead guardian and life angel over the centuries.
Edgar screamed out lout with his final victory. “Ah!”
A cloud of thunder sounded over the mall campus. The foundation of the physical store shook violently and then stopped. A nasty dark blue tinted bolt of crooked lightning broke through the tile ceiling and sizzled in the air waves, hitting down at the exposed chest cavity on Edgar. He dropped backwards and burned in a pile of red tinted ashes, before hitting the ground and marking up the clean white tinted floor.
On the front wall, in front of the line of angels, the white tinted unicorn continued to stand in front of the line of angels while protecting their angel soul from the normal angel-demon duo fight, which did not belong to the new team, only the assigned heavenly angel. The mammal reared upright on his two hind legs and beautifully pawed the air with a pair of twinkling white tinted hoofs, slamming back down to the tile, snorting out a pocket of yellow tinted steam. The line of six hissing snakes and six grunting swine exploded into a plume of white tinted powder. The unicorn disappeared from the human store, without a fanfare or a bow or a snort.
At 01:01 pm, on the angel line, each angel continued to sit in total heavenly defeat and sadness for the angel soul of Chase, slowly standing upright in silence, wiping off the white dust from each body part and clothing item.
The middle angels Jake and his angel-dog spun around and led the other angels through the narrow aisle tunnel from the abandoned and destroyed pet store, exiting back into a busy hallway with yelling kids, shopping adults, and rushing employees. Xambree exhaled with defeat and spun around, looking down with a sad face with her mixed girly emotions at the tile floor, leaving the store, pulling up beside Jake. The three slowly moved ahead and formed a new angel line. Ithanna quickly followed behind Xambree and joined up with the Xambree. Argus pulled up beside Ithanna. Lystra walked next to Argus. Bo and Tine cuddled and moved beside Lystra.
On the opposite side of the Mella turned with a face of white powder and wiped off the dust, frowning at Dallas. “I don’t understand, Dallas. The unicorn did not interfere.”
Dallas stood upright and leaned down, assisting Mella to stand, whispering into her face, “That’s right, doll.”
They exited the pet store one at a time and rushed ahead, joining the end of the line, marching beside Tina.
A long line of depressed and sad angels slowly padded ahead to the next clue aisle searching for the next clue to the location of Eve’s Tomb revealing the hidden living baby soul from heaven which was located somewhere else inside Adam Mall in the city of Birmingham, Alabama.
In the back pocket on Jake's faked and torn blue jeans, his new mobile telephone blasted out a new musical tune and words.
“I'm a cowboy, on a steel horse I ride. I'm wanted dead or alive. Wanted dead or alive. It's all the same, only the names will change. Every day, it seems we're wasting away. Another place where the faces are so cold. I drive all night just to get back home. I’m a cowboy, on a steel horse I ride. I’m wanted (wanted) dead or alive. Wanted (wanted) dead or alive...”
The musical tune and words entitled Wanted Dead or Alive had been recorded in the year 1986 by the American musical group Bon Jovi.

At 05:18 pm, on top of the crowded mall floor, a pair of cute brown haired twins in four years old consisting of a brother and a sister with dark skin and dark eyeballs, holding each other hand, stopping in front of Dallas. Dallas stopped and looked down, smiling down at the two human children. Each dirty tiny hand lifted up and pointed a tiny dirty finger at Dallas and as each child giggled with silliness, slowly gliding the two fingers down the row of angels, bumping their skull bones and whispered to each other. The other angels in the line stopped and gasped in shock, staring down at the two human children.
Argus moved ahead from the line and squatted down, opening both of his arms with a smile. The two children ran into his chest sounding with giggles and squeals. He smiled into their faces. “Are you lost, kids?” They whispered their smiles and words into his face.
Tina leaned into Bo and smiled down at the humans. “Human children can hear us sing, praise, and pray. Our voices are beautifully pleasure and harmoniously pleasant going into their pair of human eardrums. Have they arrived here in front of us to provide the new clue from Satan, Argus?”
Argus continued to hug the two children. “Naw, Tina. Hey, Jake! Will you and Jimbo escort the two kids back to their parents which is located over on the side wall?” He nodded his chin in that direction that held a wall of different types of food establishments.
From the line, Jake moved ahead with Jimbo and squatted down, stroking the bone skull on Jimbo. Jimbo continued to stand upright and sniffed the air waves, smelling the soul sweetness from the two human kids, wiggling his tail and dropped down his pink with happiness at the children.
The two children slammed into the arm on Argus and broke loose, racing to the dog with giggles, squatting down and stroked the hairy bone skull with smiles and giggles. Jimbo softly bayed in happiness.
Jake smiled. “Hey kids! Let’s find your folks. Do you like dogs?” He patted the rump on the dog with a nod. “My dog is named Jimbo. He likes your touch, kids.” Xambree moved ahead and leaned down, grabbing each hand from one of the children, leading them toward the side wall. Jimbo scooted around Xambree and ran ahead taking the lead from Xambree softly barking to clear the hallway leading the kids towards the row of restaurants with good smelling food.
In the stationary line of angels, Tina cuddled with Bo while feeling both defeated and deflated from their numerous battles inside the mall campus of solid concrete walls. “So, are we really closer to finding Eve's Tomb and the single lost living baby soul right now rather than this morning, Argus?”
Bo turned and nodded to Dallas. “What do you think is happening next here, Dallas?”
Dallas scanned the new environment and rubbed his growling stomach with a smile. “I think I’m hunger. I like to murder and maim on a full stomach.” He reached over and tugged on her long curls moving ahead of the line with a set of loud chuckles. Mella giggled at his silly behavior and followed behind the back spine on Dallas.
On the side wall of food establishments, Jake stood in front of the entrance door and waved both of his hands, shouting out loud that reached the angel leader. “Argus!”  Xambree waved both of her arms with a smile also beside Jake.
The remaining line of angels turned and focused on Jake and Xambree, nodding with the same idea of food, slowly moving ahead, breaking up the line and moved into a huddle towards the selected restaurant.
On the side wall, a deep curved line of numerous food establishment presented a single counter to order, view, and pickup a plate of hot or cold food items. In-between a popular hamburger fast food joint and a unique fried chicken fast food eater, a short row of false fronts consisted of colorful fake materials that featured four different family style establishments, where the human family unit ate the meal inside the booth with leather seats and true eating silverware utensils and eating ceramic dishes.
Jake and Xambree stood behind a square shaped open archway in dull orange  in-between a wall of yellow paint hitting the ceiling tiles that featured scattered black tinted dots. A few feet from the center of the open archway, a long window stood with a frosted colorful glass that blocked the interior walls. Above the window frame, on each side of the open archway, big red tinted letters properly spelled and spaced out read: Bama Pizza Place.
The huddle of angels stopped and stared at Jake and Xambree. Jake waved both of his hands and stood beside the two wiggling twins, talking about the short adventures with the two kids.
Dallas moved ahead from the angels and stopped, standing in front of the window not being able to peek at the interior of the food establishment through the row of frosted glass.
A tall queen-sized middle aged woman appeared in the archway and squatted down, hugging the two children, listening to their tiny squeaky voices. She leaned over and kissed each cheekbone, looking up with a smile and stared at Argus. “Jack and Jill here, they told me that ya’ll found them wandering around the food court yard. I am sorry if they caused you any trouble. Thanks for finding them! They're my two little angels.” Argus smiled at her precious motherly statement.
She slowly stood upright and cuddled her two children, nodding to the huddle of angels with a grin. "And ya'll are my set of bigger angels for the day. Come in on, teens. I got lots of empty eating tables in the back room, since the Bama Fun Center had decided to implode upon itself, this morning. Every shopper went back home to gossip through the social electronic internet about that big pile of mess. This world’s funny. Folks don’t give any care except for nothing, but a ounce of nasty news. Well, ya’ll look both beat and beaten.” She spun around with the children and shoved the kids ahead, leading the angels through the lobby area, into the main dining room with individual large tables and numerous chair, and finally into the rear wall. She marched through the open archway and stopped a few feet into the room, pointing at the enclosed room.
The perfectly square shaped room was decorated in brown tinted paneling without a single piece of pretty or ugly art work or a single window frame of sunlight but the square footage was big enough to house fifty or more people. She dropped her hand and touched the hairy bone skull on each child. “Take a seat anywhere! I got lots of hot steamy pizzas ready for the eating in the middle of the room. I don’t like wasting one ounce of precious food. There are too many folks in this beautiful world that needs a plate of hot food. I do not waste food. I serve to everyone for them to grow up to become smart, strong, and healthy. Isn't that right?”
"Yes ma'am!" Jake nodded with a smile and moved ahead toward to the buffet table in the middle of the room that held numerous pizza trays and bread platters underneath a bright light which kept the food warm.
Dallas entered last and stopped beside Mella, nodding to the nice owner, “Right!” He leaned over and cuddled Mella. She whipped out her credit card and wiggled the payment method near her smile.
The owner flipped her hand and shook her curls with a smile to Mella, “No, missy! I offer plates of free food today for the group of nice young teens who watched and cared over my two little angels. Look over there at the buffet table on the side wall! There are plenty of large pizzas in cheese, double meat, veggie, and others. And a deep container at the end of the buffet table with a variety cold beverages. Ya’ll go and help yourselves to the food and drinks. Enjoy your lunch meal, kids. Thanks again for finding my two heavenly babies.” She spun ahead with a sweet hum and shoved her two children from the rear room into the hallway, so the teens could eat in private, gently closing the room door.
“Thanks kindly, ma'am!” Argus nodded with a smile and viewed the wall of food, slowly shuffling ahead, stopping at the end of the long line of hungry angels for his turn.
Jake had finished filling a large platter a pile of stack pizzas and two cold beverages, singing one of the familiar human musical songs, spinning around and selected one of the numerous empty private eating booths that lined each wall for him and his girlfriend Xambree. They sat down and cuddled, staring to eat and lightly chat while relaxing for the moment.
The other angels gathered a large plate of food and spun around with a few cold beverages, selecting an individual eating booth, grouping into twos or threes. Each one was hungry for  a plate of food and exhausted with a set of sore muscles existing as a human male or female for the new angel assignment.
One side wall, in the center eating booth with Argus, Ithanna, and Lystra, Argus sat alone in-between the table surface and consumed one pizza for his growling stomach, looking up and viewed his two guests Ithanna and Lystra. He smiled at Ithanna, who only stared down at her plate of food without eating. He didn't have to use his angel senses to see that she was sad and worried about the next step with the mission. He smiled. "I will give a human penny for your human girly thoughts, Ithanna?” He ate the next slice of pizza and chewed the food.
Ithanna shook her long blonde curls and stared down at her full plate of food. “I feel so confused, Argus," she looked up with a worried brow to Argus. "To me, we do not seen to be closer in finding the hidden living baby soul here within the human mall since this morning. Now, it is early afternoon with the Earth time. And we have lost some many ...”
“Mella ain’t no angel, Ithanna. She is a destroyer angel. She is the reason for our angel losses today and tomorrow, if she is not eliminated,” Lystra consumed the food and turned to spy on Mella.
Argus reached out and touched the smooth skin on Ithanna. “I’m sorry about Chase too.”
Ithanna exhaled with sadness and nodded to Argus. “O! Thank you. Yeah. He was a guardian angel too. My dad is not happy right now. He has been watching all of us and all of this mess from above.” She looked up with a smile at the ceiling and waved at her parents while ignoring the human food, returning back with a sad face to Argus. “And we have lost the human teen named Drake, after we had lost Cruiser and then Angee. She is...was my bestest friend in the whole …”
“I’m your best friend, Ithanna.” Lystra turned and wore a face of tomato sauce frowning at the nose profile on her angel friend.
She nodded to him. "When...when is all of this going to end, Argus?”
“Soon, Ithanna.” He consumed the next pizza slice for fighting energy as a hungry and exhausted human male. Argus needed all the stored energy inside his new human body to continue the fight and the find of the single living baby soul which was hidden somewhere inside the human mall. He swallowed the food.
Lystra consumed the pizza slice without wiping her dirty lips and returned with a sneer at Argus, “I vote that we all send the fallen one and the destroyer babe back to the other side of fire hell. They both have caused enough trouble for us. Or worse, they both are a pair of demon spies spying on us and our data to…”
“Lystra.” He turned and growled at the graceling. She looked down and selected a new slice of pizza, consuming the food.
Ithanna turned and spied on Mella. “I have heard of a destroyer angel but I had never met one until today. My understanding, once their single demon or destroyer purpose has been fulfilled, the destroyer angel will pop or poop out of its life existence for fear of retaliation from their nasty demon master. Hence, the nasty name for the angel, a destroyer.”
“Yes, that is a correct statement, Ithanna. A destroyer angel exists for only one sole evil purpose then the life form is immediately extinguished.” He slurped the sweet tea.
“And what happened with destroyer angel Mella?” Ithanna returned back and stared at Argus.
He shook his curls. “And what happened with destroyer angel Mella? Is that a question?” He consumed the food.
“Argus, she still exists as a destroyer angel and lives down here on the planet and is running around with a team of angel like a pet cat,” she frowned at him.
He swallowed the food and nodded. “Mella did not fulfill her single evil purpose as a destroyer angel, Ithanna. Hence, Mella, now, lives here on Planet Earth as a human teenage girl.” He patted her hand and nodded with a smile.
“Is she part of our angel purpose? She is here with us to help find the living baby soul that the Crimson Tail had hidden from heaven.”
He exhaled with thought and nodded with a smile. “I do believe within my human heart that she might play some tiny part, except my dad had not mention a human male and female guest presence in our angel journey.”
“Her human husband Drake is dead. Hence, fake human girl Mella must go back down into hell fire as a danger, deadly, destroyer angel, right now and right now,"  Lystra turned and spied on the booth with Mella.
Argus turned and narrowed his two eyelids, sneering at Lystra. “Lystra, I think me and you need an understanding here. I lead. I decide. I command you and it is not the other way another. Do you get it, now, girl?”
On one of the long wall, in the center of the booths, Tina cuddled with Bo and sucked down the glass of strawberry juice, releasing the straw, looking up with a smile to see his nose profile. “Did you know messenger angel Cruiser, Bo?”
Bo swallowed the lump of bread consisting of double cheese and sausages and shook his black tinted bone skull, picking up the next slice of pizza. “I have gone too long from my heavenly home for one hundred years. Dallas is right. Our assigned angel team is comprised of too many young and inexperienced gracelings.” He consumed the food and filled his growling stomach. Bo needed energy to fight the next set of demons as a human male.
“I didn’t know Cruiser either or any of the other gracelings, who have accompanied us on this new angle mission. I’m afraid, Bo. I am only a guardian angel on my second real angel assignment, since my first one blow up like a fourth of July fire cracker in my face.”
He swallowed the food item and crammed a new pizza slice into his mouth, chewing the meat, placing an arm around his girl. He mumbled. “Don't worry, Tina! I’m here to protect, sweetheart. Nothing is going happen to you or me. I promise.” He swallowed the lump of bread, cheese and meat reaching for any piece of pizza.
“I do believe you and you seem very unafraid. Has this new assigned angel mission been plotted for a long time?”
“I can’t lie. Yes.” He slurped the sweet tea beverage.
Tina turned and spied on the booth with Dallas. “What about your friend Dallas? Is he off his angel probation from High Command?” She consumed the food.
“Definitely!” He consumed the food also.
“Dallas is like that mystery guest inside the kid's play house within a human horror Hollywood movie film that you do not see very often.” She sipped her beverage.
He swallowed the food and grabbed a new slice, shaking his curls. “Naw! No! Dallas is always around and complaining,” he consumed the new pizza slice.
“Dallas is a different type of angel, isn't he, Bo?” She consumed the pizza slice and chewed.
Bo swallowed the food and then laughed. “He is an independent angel.” He consumed more food.
She swallowed the food and frowned with frustration. “No! An independent angel is called a demon. An angel always obeys the heavenly rules, each and every time. However, Dallas has an independent mind and an independent way with his angel behavior.”
“Dallas is a highly intelligent, brain-wise creature. He just can’t keep his bratty independence in check during an event with his independent thinking.” Bo turned and spied on Dallas.
She softly chuckled. “And you can't either you, Bo. You, two boys are so alike that I am reminded of a pair of Earth brothers. You, two buddy around together. Kinda like, you, two had came from the same angel family unit. And I don’t have to deduce that. Your shared playful banter is so obvious. Are you really a guardian angel, Bo?” He chewed the food and looked down at the plate without answering her.
Tina smiled at his nose profile. “First off, you fight way too well for only a guardian angel. Second off, Dallas bests you in the fight each and every time.”
He gasped in shock and looked up, frowning at her. “I beg to differ, doll!”
She slapped her hand down on the hard surface. "I knew it. I knew it. You and Dallas are a couple of highly trained warrior angles, who are equal to warrior angel Argus.” She turned and spied on Argus, who sat in the center booth on the side wall.
Argus was touching Ithanna’s hand and leaning over the table, whispering to her. Lystra had left the booth for another plate of food.
Tina returned back and smiled at the nose profile on Bo as Bo continued to eat. She nodded. “I guessed that warrior role. You, two are the same age and had played in the angel nursery together and studied Angeldom together and worked on each angel assignments together. Tell me now! What is so special about Dallas, Bo?”
He swallowed the food and laughed out loud. “Dallas ain’t special, sweetheart. I’m your special guy, darling.” Bo leaned over and kissed her hand as her lips were covered in food stains. He lifted up his face and picked up another slice of pizza, eating the food item.
She smiled at his gently touch and then frowned at his nose profile. “A fallen angel is never, ever allowed back into the heavenly flock for any rhyme or reason. I might be young, not stupid.” He swallowed the food and folded the next slice, cramming the pizza into his open mouth, chewing while avoiding a spoken word.
She frowned. “Uh, huh! Then I have guessed correctly. And I will find out on my own, since you enjoy playing numerous angel mind games with your future wife. There are other older angels available on this particular angel trip to converse with about the fallen one,” she sipped the beverage.
He swallowed the food and smiled at her. “Do you see and hear your precious words? This is why I’m marrying you next week, my angel girl. You’re both smart and sour. I like that strong angel personality. I hope our angel daughter is just like you, sweetheart. I’ll be a good boy and save your brain cells some time, since each angel is carrying out this important angel mission. And I will give you a great big hint," he consumed the food and chewed with a slight grin with his deep, dark secret.
She slapped the table with her palm and nodded with a smile to Bo. "I do not need a hint, Bo. You and Dallas are a pair of biological angel brothers. That situation does exist within an angel family unit like for evil Crimson Tail angel sister Jam and her heavenly angel brother Chase, but the act or action is not strongly encouraged." Bo started choking on the pizza slice and coughed up the chewed food particles. She laughed and nodded with a grin. "Uh, huh! I am right. I knew it. I knew it."
Bo reached over and grabbed the beverage, drowning his throat with the cold liquid, shoving down the lump of chewed pizza as Tina continued to nod her head and laughed out loud.
On the other side wall, inside the eating booth, Xambree cuddled with Jake. He finished the seventh slice of pizza. “Did you know Chase?”
Xambree nodded and swallowed the food, “Yes. He was very new guardian angel with less than one standard Earth year of angel experience. But his angel sister, with that funky name for a Crimson Tail, which was called Jam and who had been nicknamed ironically by her angel brother Chase, had been a wicked Crimson Tail for only three months. Her pair of wings contained a tiny bit of red hue. The color was so small that it appeared like a speckle of dirt to my eyeballs." 
“How come you know so much about the forbidden Crimson Tails?” He consumed another slice of pizza, chewing.
“A deather must receive tons of datum which is stored and then filed in confidence. You’ll learn that too, except I do not know about Crimson Tail Edgar. Did you see his wings tips? The last row of feather had almost been completely covered in blood red. I have seen lots of wings, not blood red like that,” she ate the food.
He swallowed the food and nodded. “I have learned that a demons possesses a pair of red demon wings along with their matching red battle gear. Is their demon body red also?” Jake sipped the cold beverage.
“No. A demon possesses a set of red tinted battle gear like the ones we killed inside the Bama Fun Center inside the rock climbing wall. Edgar and Jam became an individual Crimson Tail when the guardian angel had lost the angel battle over the living baby soul. The red hue represents the blood from the newborn soul baby. Don’t worry! A living baby soul is never killed or harmed, only stolen and stored from the eyeballs of the angel flock. The feather tint is a deeply color of crimson hue which is a mixture of red and purple that distinguishes each Crimson Tail from the dull red tinted demons as dictated by their master Satan. Edgar had been an very ancient and old Crimson Tail, who had exhibited that much spilled angel blood which had completed covered his pair of angel wings and he had been successful, as well. Now, he is gone and dead.”
"Then why did the Source kill Edgar? Edgar was doing what a Crimson Tail always did, fight and kill an angel and then absorb the spilled angel blood that appeared on his pair of wings."
"Well, first, Edgar cheated and murdered Chase with a human dagger, not an angel sword. A human-made object is not allowed within any angel or demon fight for any reason.  Second, Edgar asked Chase to join him as a new Crimson Tail. Chase had refused."
"Okay. So, the human-made item qualified the Source to kill the rough Crimson Tail, when a team of archangels and a team of angels had been hunting down and killing each one. That seems really harsh to me."
"It is an unwritten and unspoken and understood rule among all the living heavenly creatures. I mean, Lucifer had been created by the Source too like you and me and didn't wanna obey the Source, so he was kicked out of heaven to become his own master of the universe," she laughed. "However, within your own personal universe, you are the master of the cosmic. If you do harm, karma is bad on your butthole. If you do good, karma is good on your life. When Edgar broke the unwritten and unspoken and understood heavenly rule, he was severely punished. The Source decided the punishment method which was nothingness."
He frowned. "I do not recall that information from my Angeldom studies. I must have missed it for some reason."
She smiled. "O! You did not miss it, Jake. Let me word it another way. Vengeance is mine says the Source."
He gasped in shock and nodded with a stern face. "Yes, I do know that scripture."
"Well, it is used every once in a while."
“Yeah, I can see or feel or taste or hear that. Do we every fight against each Crimson Tail too?” Jake inquires.
“Never! No! A death angel does not fight. A death angel is neutral like the country of Switzerland and works with both set of angels and demons, since a death angel is the keeper of all the living soul coming out from a dead human bio-shell. Sometimes, the living soul do not go directly back up there into heaven.”
“So, a deather visits down there in hell fire.”
“All the time. I know Satan. Do you remember making my uncle Lucifer? He is really a nice guy to me. But I am the only blood-child from archangel Azrael. My dad would flame boil hell fire thrice over, if something ever happened to his little daisy. That’s my special nickname from my dad.”
He dropped down the pizza slice and placed his set of dirty finger pads around her shoulders, whispering. “And what is my special nickname from my girl Xambree?” He leaned over and kisses her foot-stained lips for a long time.
On the other long wall, in the center eating booth, Dallas sat across from Mella. He swallowed the lump of pizza and reached for a blue tinted ink pen and one tiny sliver of black paper that was displayed upright inside a wooden slot for each personal service comment for the business owner. He scribbled down his mental thoughts and swallowed the food.
She stared down at the paper upside and sipped the hot tea. “Are you writing me a love note, cutie?”
He continued to write and chuckled. “Naw! I can’t spell love.”
“Wow! Where did that come from your bruised heart?”
“A bruised heart is a medical condition which is called myocardial contusion and is only caught by a Homo sapiens.” He dropped the ink pen and reached for the beer, gulping the cold beverage.
“We, angels can get a bruise on our hearts too.” She smiled.
He nodded. “Have you got a blue colored bruise on your heart, doll?”
She exhaled with sorrow. “Sorta. I know that I sound selfish here. Will I see Drake in heaven? That is, if I will go up to the heavenly place, when I finally die, if I finally die, and if I go to up the heavenly place …”
He watched her play with the fork on top of the uneaten pizza slice and nodded. “Yeah, doll. You’re going back up to heavenly plane.” Dallas was here help to Mella adjust to the loss of Drake and her new identification as human girl here on Planet Earth, since that was what a heavenly angel did.
“You sound so sure of your next stop, Dallas.”
“I get my information from a good Source," he laughed and looked down, grabbing the pen, writing on the paper while scribbling down notes from his brain cells.
“You must be referencing Argus, the first born son of the Prince of Angels. He is a powerful, smart, strong and …”
He talked while writing. “Yeah, you can say stuff like that. Argus has got lots of slick swift tricks up one of his invisible angel sleeves,” Dallas chuckled.
Mella turned and spied on Argus, who shared a booth on the opposite wall.
Argus and Ithanna were sitting on the same cushion and chatting. Lystra was absent and inside the bathroom facility.
Mella returned back and stared at the blonde tinted hair roots on Dallas. “I was never introduced to Argus, before today. He was only Drake’s secret angel friend. Why couldn’t Argus save human Drake, Dallas. I thought an angel was supposed to guard and save each human soul. Argus and Drake were very good friends for a long, long time down here on Earth.”
He exhaled with disappointment and looked up at her, shaking his bone skull, “Yeah! Well, the universe does not work like that, doll.” He turned and spied on Argus. “How did Argus and Drake meet?”
“I cannot answer that inquiry.” She looked down at the food plate.
He returned back and looked down studying his new diagram, talking out loud. “Cell to Heaven to Michael to Argus. Argus can touch the cell. Interesting! Argus is the team leader of mission. Fascinating! Argus is the only angel friend with Drake. Amazing! Argus had restored a destroyer angel with power. So, Argus is the common factor here.”
“I hear and find your words quite logically, Dallas. Do you question an underlying motive here that innocently involves only Argus?” She consumed the pizza and stared at Dallas.
He lifted up the pizza slice near his mouth without eating and turned spying on Argus. “Not Argus! He is pure and noble as any angel can get. He was birthed the first Nature Boy among the angel flock along with Bo. I guess, they are like a set of twins if heaven ever allowed a set of twins or a set of triplets besides a brother and a sister sibling mixture,” Dallas consumed the food and chewed.
“Does your friend Bo know Argus too?” She turned and spied on Bo and Tina, the cute angel pair were cuddled inside their booth while chatting, eating and smiling at each other. “Your leader Argus knows all the heavenly angels within the flock. That would make sense that Bo knows them too.”
He swallowed the food with a stern face, “Naw, doll! Bo just finished up a long one hundred year old guardian angel assignment with a human soul and just returned back up there in heaven, after completing his short vacare.”
“Vacare!” She returned back and frowned at Dallas.
He looked up and smiled at Mella. “Vacare is an ancient Latin human word for some vacation time for a heavenly angel. So, the logic factor falls back to Argus, but why does it fall back to Argus?” Dallas pondered each remaining angel role as well as the safety of Argus within this deadly angel mission, since it had been assigned by Argus' dad Saint Michael.
“Are you the heavenly book worm, Dallas?” She sipped the tea cup.
“Muscles over mind!” He laughed.
“Ah! You’re the snot-hole within the flock. Drake was the snot-hole at his local high school too. Drake would assist and help a human friend all the time. Does that make Drake a good person, Dallas? Drake was a kind human. Now, Drake is. What is Drake now, Dallas?”
“Drake and his soul is part of the cosmic, doll.” He ate the pizza.
She nodded with a stern face. “I sound like a cold fish, but I can’t or don’t wanna release any of my human feelings, so soon. I feel …” Mella frowned, “No! I don’t feel nothing. I should feel something. I should feel sorrow for Drake's dead, isn't right Dallas? Is that not the correct girly human Earth emotion?”
“Naw. You and Drake were not a set of soul mates, doll.” He sipped the beer and observed Mella.
“But I had saved his human life down  here on Earth. We were destined to become a married couple together, until the end of our limited deprived two parts and one parts oxygen hydrogen mix. I remembered everything, after Argus had touched my arm. Pow! Like that, I had remembered all those memories that I didn’t know existed inside my human brain, before Argus had touched me. Why did Argus touch me and do that to me, Dallas?”
“I can't answer your question about Argus and his nasty touchy-feely hands. So, you should ask him. And the pair of soul mates do not work like that. When you nail a pair of iron shoes onto the four hoofs on a horse, the shoe does not fall off. That is how the soul mate concept works. Shoe to hoof!” Dallas laughed.
She smiled. “You have a demonic sense of humor, Dallas. I wonder here. Are you really one of Satan's soldiers or students or cousins in disguise?”
He chuckled at her defiant, dark human humor and nodded with a smile. “Thanks, doll! I like funny comments. How did you and Drake meet? Wait! I do not mean to pry here, if you wanna to talk.”
She exhaled with a nod. “I like to talk. I need to talk. This is …” Mella frowned. “I had saved his life from his father Daniel. Daniel was …”
“... my dead demon daddy …”
“Daniel had been a fallen angel too and then mated and married a human female. Drake had been born with a pure heart, not even demonic daddy Daniel could change that. I have learned that each living soul comes down from heaven but only the human you can rule your human heart. Drake taught me …”
“…purpose...” 
She gasped in shock and nodded to Dallas. “Yes, Drake had taught me purpose. How did you know?” Dallas smiled in silence. Mella grinned. “So, your working angel or demon theory here, Drake and I were not a pair of soul mates.” She turned and spied on Bo and Tina. “Are Bo and Tina a true pair of soul mates?”
He slapped his chest and nodded with a smile. “I matched them, when I was…visiting down here on Planet Earth. Bo and Tina are a grand pair of soul mates like with Xambree and Jake. And I must take credit for that angel pair of soul mates too. I’m a great heavenly matchmaker. And my angel radar is blinking alert right here and right now. Argus and Ithanna are lightning the dark blue skies over Alabama.” She returned back and smiled at Dallas. He winked at Mella.
Mella leaned over and snatched up the silver of paper, studying the image. “You sketch in words.”



Archangel Michael
v
Angel Argus
v
Satan's mobile telephone
v
Planet Earth
v
Adam Mall
v
One lost living baby soul



She frowned. “Hmm! Your word puzzle does not make any sense within my human brain cells, Dallas.”
He folded two slices of pizza together and lifted near his open mouth, “The sketch of words are my set of mental thoughts floating inside my brain, so I transferred them down on the paper. If  can’t think it, then, maybe, I can see better. That’s all.” He crammed the food inside his open mouth and chewed.
Mella continued to study the rest of the sketched words in silent.



Aneathea
Angee
Drake
Cruiser/Gavreel
Chase



She nodded. “Obviously, the names of the dead. Who is the first name of Aneathea?”
He swallowed the food, “Adiabel.” He finished the beer and burped out loud, popping open a second one.
“What does that funny word translate into?”
“Adiabel is pretty much pure or purity.”
“Life is pure.” She smiled.
“God is pure.”
“God is pure light.”
“I am the Alpha and the Omega.” Dallas laughed out loud and tossed both of his arms in the air.
She smiled. “The beginning and the ending. If there is always a beginning, then there is always an ending. Is that not right Dallas?”
He rubbed both of his tired human eyeballs and reached down, grabbing the bottle, sipping the beer. He dropped the bottle from his lips and frowned at Mella, exhaling with annoyance and pain “I am tired of the silly riddles. I wanna fight with fists or swords and finally get this demon battle over with, so we can all go back up home to heaven. I really miss my home in heaven,” he exhaled with worry and frustration. “Where did you learn about the Source inside your local church class with Drake?”
“No. I had learned all the heavenly stuff inside my destroyer angel classes, which was located in the …” she turned and scanned the new environment with puzzlement.
“Were you really located down there in hell fire as a destroyer angel?” He frowned.
Mella returned back and nodded at Dallas, “I don’t directly know where I was located during my formal education as a newbie destroyer angel. It wasn’t on  here on bright sunny Earth. I was inside a dark underground facility. Are you going to leave and then attack my homestead, Dallas?” She winked.
“I might, if I can wrangle out some more personal geographical information from your lush red tinted lip, doll. Hell fire, which is the name of Lucifer's home town, is located underground with waterfalls and ponds of sizzling hot and boiling water.”
She frowned. “Well, I don’t remember the falling water or low ponds of sizzling hot and boiling water. But I did learn to drink a cup of hot tea like a southern belle," Mella picked up the saucer and the tea cup, extending her pink finger in the air and giggled with amusement.
He gasped in shock at her playful flirtation and leaned over and smiled into her violet tinted eyeballs. “I have never met a destroyer angel before.”
“Former.”
He grinned. “To the former destroyer angel, I have heard lots of luscious rumors that haphazardly float up into heaven about each one of you nasty females? Are you interested in exhibiting some of the more common bad girl habits to me and with me and for me in private, of course?” Dallas winked with a soft chuckle.
She leaned over and smiled at Dallas. “I have never met a fallen angel before.”
“Former.”
“To the former fallen angel, I have too heard numerous un-confirmed juicy gossip about each one of you, naught boys.”
He scooted closer into the edge of the table and leaned over while almost touching her nose bridge, sweet breathing on her face. “Well, I think me and you should go and compare our worn-out and former lists of celestial notes. I do believe that we might find out that you and I share some fun and funny common themes?”
“Touché.” She leaned over and tapped his nose bridge, giggling out loud with amusement.
From the hidden wall speaker in the wall corner, a new musical tune and words blasted into the quiet room space which was entitled Sweet Emotions. The musical song had been recorded by the musical group Aerosmith in the year 1975.
“Sweet emotions. Sweet emotions. Sweet emotions. Sweet emotions. Talk about things that nobody cares. Wearing out things that nobody wears. You’re calling my name, but I gotta make clear. I can't stay, baby, where I'll be in a year …” 
On top of the floor, the other angels scooted out from the individual booth and moved from the rear dining room, whipping off a dirty face, exiting back into the mall hallway.
Argus appeared and stood beside the shared booth, staring down at the blonde tinted hair roots on Dallas. "Time to go!" He turned to see the black hair roots on Mella, sneering out loud. “Dallas.” He moved ahead and gritted his teeth pondering Dallas and his nasty human habits.
Dallas and Mella sat back with a set of chuckles. He scooted out from the cushion first and assisted her to stand, moving together, exiting the restaurant.

At 06:32 pm, inside the mall corridor, standing in the middle of the floor as the rush of human shoppers bend around the huddle of angels.
Jake spun around and spotted another living room setting which was away from the crowd of shoppers, moving ahead with Xambree, alerting the other angels.
He stopped and stood in the middle of the ratty living room setting which was on the opposite end of the mall campus, on the ground level, on the same wall, where the Bama Fun Center had imploded earlier and then crashed down through three floor, landing in a heap of steel, concrete, glass, and wood downstairs in the basement. The other shoppers were avoiding the dangerous sight where a stripe of yellow tinted caution tape prevented an intruder.
Inside the current ratty living room setting, two green tinted long sofas, six purple tinted sitting chairs, and three brown tinted recliner curved in a semi-circle on top of an ugly orange, red, and blue tinted carpet with wiggling long lines as each piece of furniture was covered in yellow tinted wood dust from the explosion.
Each angel stopped and formed a loose huddle, whipping out their newly purchased mobile telephone from the morning shopping, tapping on a dark screen or banging on the side buttons while listening for a new musical song with a new word clue coming from Satan, in order to find the lost living baby soul which was hidden somewhere inside the Adam Mall.
“Nothing.” Tina stood beside Bo and stared down at the screen on her phone.
Argus shook his phone sideways and frowned down at the black screen in silence.
“I don’t hear any new musical song or words or tunes. I do believe that my newly purchased silver tinted mobile telephone is not working.” Xambree frowned.
“Hmm!" Jake listened to the dark screen and gently shook the phone near his earlobe, nodding with a stern face. "I do believe that there is no musical song coming from my phone either.”
Mella and Dallas joined the huddle last and stared at each angel in silence.
“Where do we march to next, leader?” Bo continued to bang his palm against the phone.
“I don’t know.” Argus looked up and scanned each store sign near the living room setting.
Jake spun around and moved ahead, sniffing each chair, barking at the nasty dust.
“Well, my phone is dead too.” Ithanna frowned and then looked up to see Argus. "So, do we go and purchase a new set of mobile telephones? Is that the new plan, Argus?"
Jake stopped barking and then looked up, cocking his muzzle, staring down a new hallway. He took off running and chasing a ghost or a something.
Jake tossed the dead phone down into the nasty chair and spun around, looking for Jimbo, moving ahead with a stern face. He searched each furniture piece and stepped from the living room setting, seeing the wiggling tail in the distance. He gasped in worry and shouted out loud, chasing after the dog. “Jimbo, stop and wait for us!”
“What’s up with that angel dog?” Lystra looked up and viewed the tail on the angel dog. The dog wiggled and waggled down an empty hallway without stores or humans.
“Jake!” Xambree spun around and stomped a boot toe forward.
Argus reached out and grabbed her arm, pulling Xambree back into the huddle, moving ahead alone. He shouted out loud his commands. “Everyone, stay put right here and right now! I’m following Jake and Jimbo checking out the unusual and unknown disturbance. Then Jake, Jimbo and I will return back here. Do not move! We’ll be back in a flash.”
“Use your wings, Argus!” Lystra laughed.
Argus spun around and sneered at each angel, “Naw! No angel magic is allowed right here and right now. And each one of us is on a small limited set of angel reserve power, ain't that right, Dallas?” He turned and nodded to Dallas, who had been popping out his angel magic like a box of candy mints all morning and part of the afternoon. Argus swung back around and dashed ahead, catching up with Jake and Jimbo, exploring the new hallway.
On top of the living room ratty carpet, Bo and Tina broke from the angel huddle and spun around, moving ahead, examining the broken wall, where the rock climbing walls had flown down and destroyed three floor levels, settling down inside the basement. The solid wall on the ground floor was upright and intact with tiny fusions running up and down and diagonally over the concrete wall. The row of stores on each side of the damaged wall displayed broken glass display windows and scattered merchandise before all the loose merchandise had been stolen by a set of nasty thieves.
Bo and Tina stopped and stood in front of the damaged wall whispering comments about the previous sad and thrilling angel-demon event, slowly shuffling to the next business store.
The next business store was a florist shop that displayed on the facade a pair of two busted glass windows in-between the broken entrance door and an array of destroyed or missing floral arrangements, boxes of chocolate candies, and numerous decorative vases for any home or any human female. The broken glass shards had been cleaned up from the smooth concrete floor by the mall cleaning crew protecting each semi-naked and covered feet on each shopper, but within the four interior walls inside the floral shop, each wall and the entire floor space displayed tiny, small, medium and large pile of broken flowers, busted vases, and spilled candy pieces without a single shopper or thief invading the damaged store.
From the living room setting, the huddle of angels was slowly dissolving. Lystra and Ithanna spun around and padded ahead with a smile to the undamaged retail shops, whispering about the human-made that each human needed while living on the planet, pointing with giggles and smiles at the merchandise through the clean and shiny glass window displays.
Xambree stood alone and stared down at her dead mobile telephone, exhaling with annoyance at her uncle and his smart-hole generals like Satan, pondering the next clue within the new angel assignment. She tossed the mobile telephone down on top of the ratty and dirty orange colored sitting chair and looked up, studying each one of the remaining alive and breathing heavenly angels. She wondered if her angel soul would survive the next musical song within this musical play down here on Planet Earth.
Dallas moved ahead with a smile away from Xambree, stopped, and leaned down without touching the dirty long sofa, snatching up the tossed mobile telephone that had belonged to Jake.
Jake couldn't make the phone play another musical tune and dumped the human-made devise on top of the nasty looking sofa, leaving the team of angels, searching a wild chase after his angel dog with the team leader Argus.
Dallas could not hear the dog's sounds but did not really care at the moment. Satan was a nasty creature within the hell fire kingdom here on Planet Earth and enjoyed playing his one or numerous nasty demon games to piss off one or many of the heavenly angels for shit and giggles. And each one or more heavenly angels had fallen or failed or faulted into a permanent death of nothingness. Each death angel was now part of cosmic with their angel dust particles drifting up and down the outer space waves towards a new star or an old star or a new planet or an old planet or a new black hole or a new white hole for the rest of eternity without morphing back into an angel or a demon or an alien or an animal or a flower or an insect or a vegetable.
Dallas lifted his hand and pointed his index finger, accessing his limited angel reserve pack, zapping the mobile telephone. The side panel opened and revealed a set of earplugs that could be inserted into each eardrum hearing any musical song or a Broadway play or a Hollywood movie film or an audio novel. He grabbed the set of earplugs and inserted into each eardrum chuckling with amusement, slapping the mobile telephone with his magical hand with more angel magic. The mobile telephone radio waves reached out from the active devise and grabbed the first flying set of microwaves, playing a rock and rock musical song coming from the nearest radio station, not Satan.
Dallas listened to the musical tune and words enjoying the rhythm, bobbing his bone skull with a smile, leaning down over the ratty and dirty sofa. He slowly glided his other palm over the dirty surface using his limited angel reserve pack and cleaned off the ratty leather into a spit-and-polish shine, laughing out loud. He spun around and plopped down in the middle of the gleaming leather, laying down, stretching out his long body on top of the soft leather, exhaling with a vocal sigh of rest. He folded both of his hands with the active mobile telephone on top of the nasty words: Horse shit! that displayed on his dirty tee shirt and appeared like a dead human.
A black tinted cable with two tiny ear plugs draped down from each one of his earlobes and as one of his boot toe slapped the end of the arm rest on the long sofa.
The new musical tune and words which was entitled Armageddon had been recorded by the musical band Def Leppard in the year 1975.
“Yeah, but are you getting it. Armageddon it. Ooh, really getting it …”
Xambree frowned and exhaled with annoyance at the genius but lazy Dallas, staring down at his sleeping face.
He sung with the musical words. “Yeah, I'm a getting it.”
She gasped in alert. “I’m a getting it, what are you getting, Dallas? Have you received the new clue from Satan, Dallas? What is the new clue, Dallas? What are we supposed to get? I don’t understand.” She knelt down and slammed the edge on the sofa hearing the new musical song  through the twin earplugs with puzzlement.
He didn’t open his two eyelids and commented softly. “I’m humming with the human Earth musical song, Xambree.”
“You are supposed to be searching for the lost living soul baby, Dallas. Get up and off from that ratty sofa! Let’s go and explore one of the human stores like Bo and Tina.”
“You go and join Bo and Tina, Xambree. I’m quite certain they’ll love to see your smiling face. I’m napping after that heavy and delicious lunch.” He continued to lie and tapped a boot toe against the arm rest leather with the music beat.
“You have a cold bottle of beer for lunch, didn’t ya, Dallas? Bo told me that beer makes you fall asleep from angel laziness. So, that’s why he forbids the beer bottles inside your shared angel apartment.” She shook her curls.
“Bo never lies.” He smiled.
In front of the damaged florist shop, the exterior wall material was composed of smooth concrete that was painted in soft lavender hue with horizontal rows of painted designed that wiggled up and down a few inches above the line. Tina darted her eyeballs away from the piles of mess inside the interior floor and studied the pretty design below the broken glass within the first window frame, gasping in shock, kneeling down in front of the lower part of the solid wall. She reached out and pointed at the design without touching the painted object in white hue. "Bo, look down at this decorated white tinted line. Within the painted line, a lily flower appears three times in a row, then a trumpet musical instrument, then a lily, then three musical trumpets, then...”
Bo looked down and gasped at the pretty decorative wiggled lines of paint on the lavender wall, kneeling beside Tina, studying the intertwined designs with a smile. “Archangel Gabriel, his personal angel symbol is both a lily and a trumpet, which are displayed right here and right there and right over there. Hmm! The designs are meshed together like…like a code.” He reached out and touched the smooth wall with the old paint while pondering. “This might be the place where Eve’s Tomb is buried, right here.” He turned and scanned the rest of the damaged towards the non-damaged store fronts observing the quiet hallway without shoppers as they did not want to acquire any injury to their fragile human body.
Tina swiftly stood upright and scooted around Bo, standing in front of the damaged entrance door, scanning the interior walls and floor, shaking her curls. “If this is the place, then we need to go and purchase a set of hazard gear. The ceiling is sagging from damage. Each wall is bent from the impact of the falling Bama Fun Center rock climbing walls, and the floor is filled with broken glass, large chunks of wooden rafters, and large pieces of steel object. This is a hazard zone, not a drop zone for a tiny baby soul.”
He cupped both of his hands and shouted out loud to the angel on the same side of the wall, “Ithanna!” She spun around and scanned the crowd for her name, seeing Bo. She dashed ahead with a smile. Bo pointed towards the living room setting and yelled out his instructions to the graceling. "Ithanna, please run and fetch Dallas. He is still standing inside the living room setting. Bring him over here to this wall beside me and Tina in order to examine these designs for me. Okay?” Ithanna halted with a nod and spun around running towards Dallas in silence.
Bo stood upright and continued to review each design with a stern face, “Dallas has been jerking his angel magic around the town, since sunrise. So, he can use his magical fingers and clean up the mess inside the four interior walls with a clear footpath, so the angels can get a peek into the interior floor of the damaged floral shop and finally locate Eve's Tomb and retrieve the living baby soul and then we can all go back home to heaven.”
Tina whipped out her newly purchased mobile telephone and banged the little machine with her hand without producing any musical note, aiming the phone at the interior wall inside the florist shop. “I don’t simply understand, Bo. My mobile telephone is not blasting out any more music songs from Satan. Are each one of our newly purchased mobile telephone broken or malfunctioning?”
“Naw. The phones are working when the devise and the sound is controlled by Satan, Tina. He must be napping or showering in the bathroom, since none of us are getting any current transmission of musical notes for a new musical song by a human musical artist.” He leaned over and touched more of the wiggling line of white hue that displayed a mixed pattern of a lily and a trumpet searching for the entrance point of Eve's Tomb.
She tossed the dead mobile telephone down on the concrete which broke the human-made devise, exhaling with annoyance, “Then we could be here inside mall campus well after each one of the business stores close. We don’t possess a single angel invisibility trick either.”
Bo smiled and continued to follow the wiggling line from one side of the shop over the open archway and towards the other side, “Argus …”
“Dallas! My name is Dallas. I can't believe you have forgotten me and my name, Bo,” Dallas appeared with a smile and stood a few feet behind the back spine on Tina and Bo.
“Hey, Dallas! Come over here and squat down beside me, reviewing this line of painted objects, providing a conclusion about this phenomena.” Bo squatted down and pointed at the line with puzzlement.
Dallas continued to stand with a smile and scanned the mall interior, seeing the humans, laughing out loud. "I thought this story was supposed to have a troll or two. Ya know, these tiny little green tinted mushroom-shaped nature creatures that smell like an open bottle of kitchen cleaner," he returned back and frowned at the entrance wall of broken glass and inside the damaged store, nodding with a stern face. "Troll. Roll. Bo. O! I get it, right here and right now. Bo is the troll within this stupid fairy tale," he dropped his hand and slapped the collar bone on Bo while laughing out loud with amusement.
Bo frowned at his silly friend and continued to point down at the lower portion on the entrance wall into the damaged store that displayed the repeating symbols. "Bend down and look at this pattern, Dallas!"
He frowned. "Doesn't a troll use a weighed payment of a tael to pay for its supper meal? The word, tael, is a fixed weight measurement for silver currency. Do you own silver coins or silver bars? You sly old dog, you do like the emotional feelings of the human life down here on the human world. I know it. But, again, the word, teal, sounds like the words tale, tail, and tell. Trolls and Taels, that has a nice ring to it. Why did I said that? I'm supposed to say that for some strange reason. Do you know why I said that expression out loud here inside the human mall, Troll? What are you supposed to tale or tail or teal or tell to me, Troll?" He laughed with amusement.
"Dallas!" Bo exhaled with angry.
He squatted down with soft laughter and examined the etched painted patterns on the dirty lavender colored concrete wall, nodding with a smile. “Lilies and trumpets, I see that. Clearly, a line of familiar angel symbols and presented in one wiggling line numerous times If there is a blood red colored moonstone fitting the third element …”
“Then, this wall pattern of lilies and trumpets is a sign pinpointing the location of Eve's Tomb,” Bo stood upright and back stepped from the wall, scanning the entire art work with a smile along with Dallas.
“Or the exterior wall designs and the interior walls of a damaged shop is a perfect that has been set by the imperfect fallen angel.” Lystra appeared and stood beside Dallas snarling at the wiggling line of white tinted lilies and trumpets.
Bo turned and sneered down at Lystra, "Dallas is..."
"You don't even know what you're talking about, Lystra, so shut it!" Tina turned and sneered at the graceling but could not see her face around the two taller angel males.
“I do not believe that Lystra likes you, Dallas.” Xambree appeared and stood beside Lystra, sneering over the dark braids on the shorter angel.
“Lucky for me, I would say. Since, I don’t like Lystra, either.” Dallas laughed and continued to scan the exterior wall and the interior wall inside the damaged florist shop for the next clue from Satan.
Lystra spun around and lifted her arm in the air, presenting the universal sign of non-love with her middle finger, moving away from the annoyance angels towards the living room setting.
Xambree spun around and chuckled with delight at the ugly message from sore-loser graceling.
From the set of hidden speakers, on some of the wall, within the mall campus, the local radio station played a new musical song over the air waves that bombarded the air current inside the mall hallway.
The new musical tune and words were entitled ABC and had been recorded by the musical group the Jackson Five, in the year 1970. 
“ABC. It's easy as 123. As simple as Do, Re, Mi. ABC. 123. Baby, you and me …”
In front of the damaged wall, at the destroyed floral shop, on top of the clean floor, Dallas spun around with a gasp and scanned the immediate environment while hearing the chorus of the new musical song, “Where is our team leader Argus located at right now? Did he, Jake, and Jimbo return back here from their hunting trip? Because, this ain’t the hot spot, Bo.” He swung back around with a sneer and pointed inside the florist shop, shaking his bone skull with worry. “This is another nasty damn demon trick coming from nasty guy Satan. Argus is located at the true hot place.” He spun back around with a stern face and strutted ahead from the semi-crooked line of angels and the solid hard wall, without causing injury to his body or another angel, inflating out his pair of angel wings, shaking off the dead feathers. Each dead feather swiftly sizzled and burned into a tiny pile of yellow angel dust floating through the moving air without hitting the concrete floor. He bend his kneecaps and lifted up from the floor extending each wing into full span, sweeping upwards towards the ceiling, yelling out loud with worry. “Bo, get air-born now! Argus needs our angel help right now.” Dallas increased his angel speed and swiftly flew ahead down the same new hallway without a single store front or a bathroom facility, where Jake, Argus, and Jimbo had ventured inside about ten minutes earlier.
 Bo looked up with a gasp of worry and dashed away from the other angels and the solid wall of the destroyed shops, extending out his pair of angel wings, flying up the floor and followed behind Dallas with both puzzlement and concern. He gained height and tapped into his angel reserve pack, increasing his air speed, rushing down the same hallway to help Argus and Jake.
Each one of the other angels continued to stand in front of the damaged florist shop and gasped in alert, quickly dashing away from the dangerous hard wall and each other with angel caution, expanding out their own angel wing, taking flight and followed behind Bo, advancing through the air current down the same unfamiliar hallway.

At 07:08 pm, on top of vanilla coated hard floor that displayed a tiny child's playground setting with a tiny silver tinted slide, a tiny train-designed rolling kart, and a tiny row of tiny chair swings. Argus kneel down and touched a piece of black tinted granite that really did not belong in the middle of a playground, gasping in shock. The words on the black surface were chiseled in gray tinted hue that read: Eve’s Tomb. He whispered with a smile, “Eve’s Tomb is located in the middle of an incomplete fun playground for herds of Earth children.” He admired the black shiny granite stone that reflected with twinkles coming from the row of dull overhead lights inside an enclosed and cold construction site for a future indoor playground space and two walls of business stores.
On the side wall, numerous tall and squat browned tinted cardboards stood alone and undisturbed consisting of a monkey bar, a sand box, and other fun playground equipment pieces. On the opposite side, several carpenter karts displayed red metal boxes with tools and trays of hammers, nuts, bolts, and screws for the upcoming playground construction.
“Come and play with me, honey bee!” Nia laughed out loud and slowly floated down from the gray tinted ceiling tiles, gently landing down on the smooth vanilla concrete floor on a pair of designer red tinted sneakers. She deflated a pair of red tinted demon wings with a smile and stood in front of a folded Argus. Demon Blade gently dropped down and settled next to Nia. Demon leader Garrison and his girlfriend Quanta descended down from the ceiling tiles and parked beside Blade, staring down at the blonde hair roots on Argus.
“You’re the fifth point, boy.” Blade laughed at Argus.
Argus slowly stood upright and nodded to the row of demons. “You had your demon chance all these years ago, Garrison.”
“Grow up, son! We wanted only Aneathea, not you. You were always protected by dear daddy and dear daddy’s kin back then. Now, you are unprotected by dear daddy and dear daddy’s kin.” Garrison chuckled with a wicked smile.
He frowned. “I don't understand. Was all of this event here on the human world a ruse only for me?”
He shook his red tinted bald mound. “Naw, boy! We’re are a set of free agents for Satan. So, we all do as we please and not as they say …”
“…and then you all get blamed for Aneathea’s untimely death,” a deep baritone timber echoed over each bone skull on every demon and as Dallas hovered in the air and swished one angel wing in the air maintaining his height, looking down with a sneer at the row of standing demons.
Garrison, Blade, Nia, and Quant quickly inflated a pair of red tinted demon wings while tearing through their individual designer clothes, looking up with a sneer at Dallas.
Dallas gently floated down and landed beside Argus sucking in his pair of pale blue angel wings.
Demon Blade measured six feet and four inches in height and displayed a pair of skinny arms, a set of matching legs, exhibiting a pair of pencil straight black tinted blue jeans, a yellow tinted long-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of brown tinted flip flops exposing his bare toes and feet. A head of brown hair feel over his two eyeballs and down even with his collar bone. Blade exhibited a tone of peachy colored skin which was sprinkled in light tan freckles across his aristocratic nose and pair of pink tinted lips. His Adam’s apple wore a throat collar in gold and silver chains.
“Bare feet,” Dallas looked down and laughed out loud at Blade, “Hmm! I like cutting off each one of the toes bones best as each one crunches like an eaten peanut.”
Blade leaned over and mouth spat his wet mouth salvia down on the tile floor, standing upright, sneering at Dallas.
Nia wore a golden tooth cap on one of her maxillary central incisors and possessed a curvy hourglass girly shape with a pair of large breasts and a curved hips inside a pair of tight black tinted jeans. Her naked throat displayed an array of gold and silver jewelry chains going down to her tiny waistline. Her feet wore a pair of designer black tinted sneakers. Her pale blue tee shirt displayed a roll of malice and obscene American words on the front of her chest. Nia measured five feet and seven inches in height and weighed 155 pounds with a head of shoulder-length white-blondish colored hair, a pair of light brown eyes, and a tone of rosy-peach colored skin.
“You need a new hair stylist, and seamstress, and perfumed bubble bath, girlfriend. Your body gags my toy kitty.” Xambree dropped down and landed beside Argus, shaking her stuffed small red tinted kitten that was looped around her belt representing the loss of her dead angel-swan friend Angee. She stood beside Argus. Nia turned and hissed at the death angel. Xambree turned and smiled at the nose profile on Argus. “She hisses like my toy kitty too,” she laughed with the two male angels.
“Dang, honeybee! You’re an old broad.” Dallas winked at Quanta as her demon boyfriend Garrison liked to tease his demon girlfriend with the cute nickname, honey bee.
Quanta displayed a pair of designer shoes underneath her designer pants suits in soft coral hue with a silk peach tinted silk blouse. Her exposed neck wore numerous necklaces in various long and short gold and silver chains stretching down into hidden her belly button. She measured five feet and six inches in slender height, a tone of dark colored skin, a pair of hazel eyeballs, and a tight bun on the nape of her neck in strawberry-blondish colored hair.
Garrison wore a designer red and white striped dress shirt underneath a blue tinted sports jacket which was paired with the khaki dress trousers and a pair of tassel tan colored shoes, sporting a set of thin silver and gold chained pocket watch on the jacket. He measured six feet and two inches in height possessing a tone of dark colored skin, a pair of light green eyeballs, a cropped head of dirty blonde hair. He strutted a few steps and stood in front of Dallas, laughing out loud without whipping around his demon saber, “I do believe I see Gabriel, the next highest ranking archangel heavenly heathen of ‘not-giving-any-puking-mercy and no-hopeless-hope to the stupid living souls inside each human bio-shells down here inside this mall campus of an abandoned hallway here on Planet Earth. He liked to play the angel role as the silly Patron Saint of USA Postal Workers here on Earth.” Each demon laughed out loud and pointed at Dallas.
Dallas sneered and whipped out his angel sword for a swift kill as the tip slammed with a soft ping into the invisible object producing a tiny musical ting as the tip had ricocheted back against an invisible force. He lowered his sword and gently banged the blade against his leg learning of the new knowledge.
Garrison stood behind the invisible barrier a few inches from the unknown wall. He had known that the invisible wall existed and he had known why the invisible wall had existed while taunting nasty at the heavenly foe. “According to the ancient Babylonian legend, the great archangel Gabriel had fallen down from Holy Grace by not obeying the tiniest one single heavenly command from the Source. Then Gabriel had remained outside the heavenly curtain for quiet a spell.” Each demon laughed again.
Dallas snarled and released out a string of nasty human words, because he also knew there was an invisible shield between the demons and the angels.
Garrison continued to smile and chuckled. “How did it feel being a human male for quiet a spell here on Planet Earth, Son of Gabriel?”
“Son of Gabriel!” Xambree turned in shock and gasped at the nose profile on Dallas.
“Garrison!” Dallas growled out loud the name and shuffled ahead standing so close to the invisible wall that the heating elements was burning the hairs inside his inflamed nose holes.
“I miss you, first born snot-hole.” Garrison smirked.
“Yeah! And I promise not to miss you with the tip of my blade, this time, Garrison.” He winked and twirled his angel blade with his wrist bone beside his rib cage without revealing the invisible barrier.
“Dallas!” Bo appeared above the two lines of hair roots on each angel and every demon slowly flying in a circle with puzzlement and worry for his angel friends.
Dallas continued to sneer at Garrison and ordered to Bo. “Stay put, Bo!” He turned and nodded to the nose profile on Argus. “Three circles within three levels of angels. Do you recall your Angeldom lessons, bro.”
Argus looked up and stared at Bo and the other angels flying in the air waves below the high ceiling tiles and above the two row of supernatural creatures. “No! Not especially right now, Dallas.”
Dallas leaned over and mouth spat with a string of whispered words into the cheekbone on Argus. “The letter A equals us, a circle of pure angels. The letter B equals them, a circle of bad rotten fallen angels or demons. The letter of C equals a circle of innocent gracelings, which are or are not the only child of an archangel. Three watch. Three fight. Three die over Eve’s Tomb.” He stomped his boot heel on top of the granite covered flat stone and nodded with a sneer. “Argus, you did it. You found it. This piece of stone granite is the secret location of Eve’s Tomb made of the black stone and carved with the right words. Don’t you get it! Don't you understand it. Nasty creature Satan will surrender the single living baby soul to the lazy ass group of archangels, after the team of angels are dead into nothingness from this dangerous angel mission.” He turned with a smile and nodded to demon leader Garrison.
Xambree continued to stare and heard the words coming from smart-hole Dallas and then gasped in shock, looking down with a snarl, looking up with a growl and returned back viewing the line of nasty demons. "I ain’t dying for an evil Satan or my loving dad. Dad, do you hear me down here!” She shook her long silver tinted curls and lifted up her angel sword, sneering at Nia, who stood across from Xambree.
“I greatly dislike it, when Dallas is correct.” Argus turned and frowned at the nose profile on Dallas.
Dallas turned and nodded to the nose profile on each Argus and Xambree. “You, me, Xambree are the numbers one, two, three in the new musical song that was playing over the air waves inside the crowded corridor with human shoppers within the mall campus. You can't hear the musical song from the local radio station or from Satan way out here, because the electricity line is not flowing down this far into the construction site yet. And from the musical song, the three letters A and B and C are represented also. Now, the General from the demon army, nasty Satan wants to personally take out to the laundry shunt or the cosmic trashcan the one, the two, and the third archangel by way of their only biological angel child. Our three biological dads are the three highest ranking archangels in heaven, in the world, and in the universe,” he returned back and nodded with a wink to the line of nasty demons using his expanded Angeldom knowledge.
“Three dead. Three survive. Three in free flight over Eve’s Tomb.” Xambree looked down and viewed the smooth black tinted granite slab with a set of chiseled gray tinted human words while recalling the ancient angel text and sadly wishing she had not. She looked up and growled at the row of demons, whipping her blade side to side at her rib cage for the death kill, which will not be her angel soul.
“I greatly dislike it, when Dallas is correct.” Argus smiled at Garrison.
Dallas returned back and stared through the invisible wall, looking up to the top that high the ceiling tiles and maybe higher into outer space and then viewed the bottom which might go all the way down to hell fire as this trick was demon magic, not angel magic. He returned back and winked at Garrison. “However, right now, right here, the circle of demons cannot harm us, not with four demons within the letter B circle. So, you, me, and Xambree are safe, kiddies. Part of the circle concept is the unknown but existing invisible wall fortress which lies in-between the three of us and four of them until …”
“I am beaming out, Captain!” Blade grinned at Dallas and swiftly ascended up from the cold concrete floor, leaving the line of three demons on the opposite side of the invisible wall, where the invisible lines formed a complete bubble around the six supernatural creatures for the final death act.
Dallas looked up with a gasp seeing the twinkles of the enclosed demon bubble and shouted out his command. “Bo, cut out right now!”
The enclosed bubble did not extend more than ten feet from the hair roots on each angel and every demon that continued to stand down on top of the concrete floor in the human mall campus.
Blade halted in the free air waves with a smile and then sailed forward with a smile, slamming into the upright angel steel from Bo, producing a musical tone. Blade played dirty and kicked out one of his flip-flops into the stomach muscles on Bo, missing.
Bo released his blade and quickly flew backwards slamming into the hard plastic wall near the ceiling tiles, biting his tongue from the impact. His blood proteins slowly dripped down from his parted lips, landing down on the floor. 
On the floor, six supernatural creatures were trapped inside a magical bubble, Dallas continued to stare and shouted out his commands to his angel friend. “Bo, do not kill him!”
In the air waves, Bo grunted with annoyance and wiped off the blood with the back of his hand, yelling back down to his friend Dallas. “O really! I just keep getting nicked and numbed for some demon fun.” He reached back and kicked his boot sole off the solid wall, soaring with his angel reserve pack, slamming his blade into the demon saber. He shoved Blade backwards and then whipped his blade sideways slicing the yellow tinted tee shirt and part of the sissy jewelry on demon Blade.
Behind the invisible wall, Dallas slammed his flat palm into the chest cavity on Argus winking at Garrison with laughter. “Who else is left for us, angels to fight, defeat, and finally kill, Argus?”
Argus flung the hand from Dallas off his chest and sneered into the invisible wall at the line of three demons while feeling betrayed and annoyance toward his dad, the group of archangels and the Source for the body game, “Don’t huff your bad breathe on me, Dallas! I can still beat your butt…”
Xambree scooted around Argus and shoves her girly body between an angry Dallas from a furious Argus. Dallas shoved Xambree back into the solid line that formed the celestial circle which was protected by the invisible force field bubble that was naked from human and angel eyeballs.
Dallas sneered. “Stay away from me and right here, Xambree, before your get your own blood on your pair of wings. You dad, my dad, and his dad have selectively targeted each one of their own child into fighting until death with the line of nasty demons as part of the pre-destiny thing. Daniel had attacked and then killed his own biological human son Drake into death. Morgan had tackled and then killed the biological child of archangel Uriel, Angee into a dead nothingness. Edgar had chased and then killed the heavenly angel Chase into a dead nothingness.” Movement caught his eyeball. He looked up and ordered to Bo. “Bo, don’t kill it dead!”
Bo slammed his boot heel down onto the hair roots on Blade sneering with revenge and annoyance. Blade dropped down with the help of gravity and hit the floor, bouncing over the hard surface, resting down on his back spine, exhaling with blood and exhaustion. Bo hovered in the air wave and swished one angel wing for balance, sneering down at the demon, “I heard your whining soprano girly voice the first time, snot-hole.”
Blade cleared his dizzy head and slowly stood upright from the blood, looking up with a sneer, whipping off the blood. He extended his hand and snatched up his saber blade from the floor, wiggling his red tinted demon wings as numerous injured and dead matching feathers dropped down through the air and sizzled into red angel dust floating away, burning into nothingness. He bend both of his kneecaps and launched from the floor for another round of fighting with warrior angel Bo.
On top of the black tinted granite stone on the floor, Dallas looked down and sneered at Garrison.  “I am so sick and tired of heavenly angels dying, without a cause here, Argus, which had been pre-programmed by your dad …”
"Look here and listen to me!" Argus continued to sneer at the line of demons that stood behind an invisible wall, when the tip of his sword did not penetrate during the snarling session with the demons. " This single solo heavenly angel-demon event is bigger than me, them, Xambree, and you, snot-hole.” He turned and sneered at the nose profile on Dallas. “You know this. I know this. We both knew that this going to come and happen here on Planet Earth sooner or later, Dallas. Dying ain’t fun, but dying for a cause is called faith.”
In the air waves, Bo swirled his blade to the side and produced another cut on the single red tinted demon wing, flying backwards away from the parrying golden saber. He yelled out loud with annoyance. “I am still alive and I am still fighting but not killing the annoyance demon. Hurry up and finish doing your thing down there, Dallas! I’m running out of angel trick plays up here.”
Dallas chuckled at his talented angel friend and looked down at the bottom of the invisible bubble, sneering with annoyance. "Your three new un-friends are tongue drooling on the pretend glass wall. I do believe that they want your bone skull, Argus, not mine," he looked up and winked at Quaint. However, I am going to protect your bone skull which will belong to me, after we polish the clean floor with red tinted demon dust.”
Argus turned and frowned at the line of three demons, growling in revenge. “You know, as well as I, the answer to your question, Dallas.”
“Damn it!” Dallas looked down at the black stone on the floor.
“Exactly!” Argus turned and nodded to Xambree. She nodded back to Argus in silence acceptance.
Dallas looked up and stared at Bo. “Bo!”
In the air waves, Bo continued to fly around and exhibited his excellent warrior fencing skills against a beaten and bloody demon Blade by wearing the demon down bit by bit, instead of performing a single mercy kill as instructed by Dallas.
On the floor, Dallas smiled and watched Bo, who beat the stuffing out of Blade's demon bloody body. “Take your fight outdoors then! This is the only way to end the silly sequence of events and reveal and then remove the real villain within this dang demon tale. You know, I hate fairy tales.”
“No! I am sorry, brothers and sisters angels! I am not leaving any of ya’ll, including smart-hole Dallas.” Bo jerked back his sword and flung his fist into the cheekbone on Blade. Blade whined in pain and sailed backwards with a gasp, halting in the air waves for one millisecond, dropping down with the help of gravity again. He hit the hard cold, concrete floor and rested on his back spine in dizziness and pain. He slowly stood upright with numerous aches and pains, staring with confusion at the flying young angel that was heading directly towards his face.
In the empty air waves of the abandoned tunnel without a single window, store, or human, a flying group of gracelings entered into the active air space, halting in the air, hovering above the concrete floor. 
“I got him, Bo!” Lystra shouted out loud with a smirk of confidence and continued to flew ahead with stopping, whipping  her angel sword side to side in the air, approaching low over the floor towards Blade.
Argus spun around with a gasp and mentally wished Lystra to halt in the air waves but was only a human here, without his awesome angel powers. However, Lystra also possessed angel Free Will like any other living life form. Argus shouted out loud in worry, “Lystra! No! I order you to stop your flight path. Do not fight with the demon! Demon Blade is too strong in a angel-demon fight.”
In the air waves, Lystra continued to sail for the attack holding the tip of her sword at his chest. Blade continued to rest on top of his back spine exhaling with heavy breathes in numerous aches and pains, staring at darkness with his pair of two eyelids shut. She flew over the grounded demon with laughter and smoothly performed a completed circle and came around for a second sword attack at the nasty demon.
Above the floor and graceling Lystra, in the air waves, Bo quickly sucked up his wings back into his back spine, falling head first, diving down hovering a stationary, bloody, angry Blade and a angel speeding Lystra. He shouted out loud with worry. “No!”
On top of the floor, Blade continued to play the role of the Earth wolf without moving any parts of his body. Lystra lowered her air height and flew her body towards the cold, concrete floor for the first angel attack on the demon with a smile, soaring closer to the grounded demon, posing a few feet from his naked toe bones.
On top of the cold, concrete floor, Blade continued to shut his eyelids and felt the tiny energy from the graceling, when she hit a few inches from his two naked toe bones, he lifted up his blade sideways in the air with an evil laughter.
Lystra could not break away and as her face hit the middle of his golden tinted blade, cutting a neat slice through her nose bridge then her bone skull, smoothly flowing through her entire horizontal body, cutting her person in half. Each half of flesh, bones, and blood dropped down towards the floor with gravity and popped into two individual plumes of yellow tinted angel dust that landed down on top of the invisible bubble.
Blade slowly stood upright from the floor and felt all of his aches and pains from, holding his blood-stained sword in front of his face, spinning around and nodded to his boss man Garrison.
In the air waves, Bo stopped his flight and posed upright, feeling sadness, seeing the plume of yellow angel dust slowly burn into nothingness from dead heavenly angel Lystra.
“Time to die, Blade!” Garrison winked at Dallas and leaped up from the floor, yelling with the demon victory, riding through the bubble from the dead of the heavenly angel. Then he hit the trajectory in height and swiftly dropped down through the air waves without inflating his pair of red tinted demon wings, lifting up his sword with a two-fisted gripe in front of his chest, laughing with an evil tone. He pointed the tip on his blade down at the brown tinted hair roots on Blade, connected and then punching the sharp tip down into the bone skull on Blade.
Blade screamed out loud in pain without defending his demon person and then popped into an array of drifting red tinted angel dust as the human jeweled gold and silver tinted throat choker dropped down on top of the floor with a loud ting.
Garrison automatically was pulled down from the air waves and then re-entered the same first circle like a puppet on a magical string, landing down on his bend kneecaps, laughing at the line of three angels consisting of Argus, Xambree, and Dallas. Each angel gasped in shock at the same line of demons without the understanding of the demon or angel death.
In the air waves, back behind the line of angels, Bo danced back and forth, fighting with a pair of invisible hands, roughly landing down on his butthole behind the line of three angels, gasping in shock. He cussed out loud a string of human words that he had learned from his human ward when serving as the guardian angel for one hundred years.
In the air waves, the two heavenly angels Ithanna and Tina hovered away from the deadly angel-demon fighting action while waiting on an angel command from Argus. Then a magical hand reached up, captured, and dragged both floating angels down towards the cold, hard concrete, landing down on both booted feet, tumbling ahead into a grounded Bo.
Tina screamed out loud in fear, angry and confusion. “Bo!” Bo spun around and captured the two angels. Then all three tumbled into each other, spilling numerous arms and legs over the cold, hard concrete floor.
The line of demons laughed and stared at the silly trio of angels.
From the empty hallway, human female Mella had to race down the corridor on foot, stopped, and stood several feet from the rows of angels and demons, staring at each one with puzzlement.
Bo untangled from the pile of wiggling arms and legs first, standing upright on top of the floor, assisting the two angels to stand in front of his face. He leaned and whispered with a fake smile, “Everything is okay in here. Dallas, he has it covered, ya'll. We’re all safe from the line of nasty demons.”
Ithanna spun around and surveyed the new environment in panic. "Where’s Jake? What is happening in here, Bo?”
Bo scooted in-between the two females and faked a smile, staring at the line of three angels with Dallas. "Dallas, he will explain everything to everyone in a few more seconds. Ain't right, Dallas?"
In front of the invisible wall, where a line of three demons stood and snarled on the opposite side, a line of three archangel kids spun around and stared at the three other angels that formed a new line within a new circle with worry.
“Dang it! I don’t see that one coming!” Dallas tossed his fist in the air wave slamming into a second invisible wall that had entrapped the other three angels consisting of Bo, Tina, and Ithanna within the Circle concept.
Within the three physical circles that were enclosed in a circular invisible wall, each circle contained a different type of angels that stood directly over the black stone of granite with the chiseled words in gray: Eve's Tomb.
The inner circle consisted of three angel children from three different archangels. The second circle was composed of three fallen angels or bad demons, who were set to duel one on one with each archangel child until the death of one group. The third circle of angels stood and did not fight cheering or mourning the deadly acts.
Dallas continued the complete the silly spin on one of his boot heels and dropped his fist down, accidentally hitting the nose bridge on demon Garrison, who nicely bleed into Dallas’ hand. Dallas laughed with a nod and reared back, punching his fist into the eye socket on demon Garrison. Garrison screamed in pain and back pedaled from Dallas, covering one hand over his bloody nose, holding the saber with the free hand. Then he stopped and babied his face, groaning in pain.
Argus stepped diagonally through the parted space in-between Dallas and Garrison swiftly attacking demon Quanta as the two blades produced fiery sparks and sung in a set of musical tones without parting from the deadly battle.
Inside the second circle behind the invisible wall, Bo spun around and waved a hand, yelling out loud a warning command to Mella. “Run and find Jake, Mella!” She nodded in silence and back stepped from the row of angels and demons, disappeared from the construction site. He had remembered the existence of either a fourth angel or demon inside one of the levels would neutralize the Circle concept while helping the team of beaten and bruised heavenly angels escape from the known location of Eve’s Tomb while saving the angel lives of Dallas, Argus, and Xambree.
Inside the inner circle, Xambree quickly back stepped and turned winking to demon Nia, rushing ahead with a slick dance step, lifting her leg and plowed her boot sole into the exposed chest cavity on Nia, missing.
Nia twirled away from the approaching boot kick just in time, stopped, spinning in a completed circle, standing with a smile at Xambree.
Xambree slowly strolled ahead and laughed with a nod. “I am a death angel.”
She gasped in shock and slowly performed a back pedal from the advancing death angel, shaking her curls and her index finger at Xambree. “Your angel powers had been cemented in a Ligo curse, deather, even I can see and smell and tell and taste that one.” Nia stopped and lowered her saber, leaning forward with a smile, closing her eyelashes with the challenge from Xambree. She pointed at her jaw line and then dropped her hand without lifting up her saber. “Go ahead and give me your best folded fist shot, right here, on my jaw line, honeybee!”
Xambree stopped with a gasp from the invitation of dangerous or deadly harm and bend down both of her kneecaps, swiftly flying upward from the floor towards the ceiling. Nia opened her two eyelashes and looked up gasping at the cowardly death angel.
Argus back kicked his leg from Quanta and then connected his boot heel into the face on Nia dancing on the same leg, slapping the boot heel into Quanta, dropping the leg and then side stepped. He kicked the same leg forward and connected his boot heel at the single breast on Quanta, dropping down his leg and stood upright, laughing out loud with his victory dance.
Quanta swiftly tumbled backwards into the opposite side of the enclosed invisible wall imprinting her upright body upon the mineral elements and burning her hair bun off the nape of her neck and both of her elbow points from the skin tissue, exposing the bones.
Nia fell forward with a loud scream and landed down on her chest, kissing the cold, hard concrete floor with her nose bridge, blooding both of her nose holes over the surface.
Quanta yelped in pain and flew from the invisible wall and then stopped, ripping off her designer jacket, covering her bone skull and killed the fire on her hair.
On the opposite side, Garrison and Dallas continued to fight parrying and then parted each sword, producing an array of musical tones.
In the air waves, Xambree dropped down with gravity and her loud laughter, swiftly landing her two boot soles down at the rising back spine on Nia, whipping her blade sideways. Her angel steel neatly sliced off the neck muscles and removed the bone skull on Nia from her angel body. The dead female demon quickly exploded into a plume of red tinted angel dust covering most of the fighting angels and demons, dissolving into nothingness.
Argus slowly lifted up from the floor on his pair of angel wings while laughing at silly demon Quanta.
Garrison and Dallas continued to fight on top of the floor and crossed the two swords again, so close to each other face that Dallas could smell the sour breath molecules from the demon. Garrison lifted his kneecap and kneeled Dallas in the groin.
Dallas flung backward and yelled out loud in pain, hitting towards the invisible wall. Argus few down and fell behind the back spine on Dallas keeping his friend from a skin burn. Argus shoved Dallas ahead in a forward motion for the death kill on Garrison.
Dallas whipped his blade sideways, up, and down while dancing side to side within the inner circle around demon Garrison.
Xambree lifted up from the floor on her wings and flew forward over the hair roots on Dallas and Garrison without joining the fight and then dropped down with gravity and her sneer, cutting off the covered head on a blinded Quanta. The loose bone skull dropped down inside the designer jacket from the body. Dead Quanta quickly exploded into a plume of red tinted angel dust as the dust twirled and whirled in the air waves from the fighting action quickly dissolving into nothingness.
Dallas halted with a sneer and cut at down the two kneecaps, then the fit waistline and then finally at the covered throat on demon leader Garrison. Dead Garrison popped in an array of red tinted angel dust as each tiny particles quickly burned into nothingness. Then the inner circle and then next circle of invisible minerals disappeared and released Argus, Dallas, Xambree, Bo, Tina, and Ithanna.
From the long empty hallway, human girl Mella and heavenly angel Jake appeared together and rushed into the construction site, and then stop observing each angel, slowly padding ahead to the lines of angels without words and without explanation.
Mella and each angel surrounded the black granite stone with the chiseled words in gray hue: Eve’s Tomb.
Dallas smiled and pointed down the stone while still exhaling with heavy breathes from the demon fight. “Take the honor, Argus!” Each person stepped backwards from the stone allowing the team leader Argus more space for his arm movements.
Argus padded ahead with a smile and stood at the edge on the stone, smiling and reared his sword over his skull then brutally slammed the tip down into the solid stone cracking the black granite into a series of tiny spidery lines. Then each spidery line broke apart into a larger pieces of chunks revealing a dark downward tunnel as concrete floor nosily cracked completely open and created a mouth entrance downward into a dark cavern.
The team of angels all spiraled downward from the mall floor through the new opening, dropping down into darkness as each voice screamed in fear. The lights illuminated inside a new environment. Each angel landed down in various pose on top of a hard surface with confusion and puzzlement.

At 08:11 pm, inside Eve’s Tomb, Argus slowly stood upright on top of the floor and gingerly rubbed his butthole, after slamming down on top of a smooth swirling pattern in white and gold marble floor, seeing three separate stone curved platforms, before his eyeballs. Each angel had landed and gathered on the lowest marble platform.
He counted each visual object that surrounded the circular new room appearing much like side-by-side bedroom door in golden painted wall which had exhibited an entrance into a secret bedroom here on Planet Earth and whispered for his eardrums only. "I see twenty four doors that led somewhere."
“This a new puzzle of numerology. Two plus four equals six, which is the bad number from the big bad baddie Satan.” Ithanna slowly stood upright and rubbed her back spine from the terrible impact with her body on the hard floor, carefully swirling around a round-shaped room with puzzlement and absorbed the odd presentation.
Three separate platforms of smooth white and gold marble connected a circular set of matching steps leading directly in front a golden door. So, there were twenty-four door with a single body in front of the door that displayed human girl Mella. Each Mella stood in front of the twinkling golden door and appeared like a beautiful porcelain doll with her long black colored hair, a pair of red tinted lips, and a pair of blue eyeballs, staring back at Ithanna and each one of the other angels.
“I don’t think so. This is something really different and scary and complex and convoluted coming from the evil mind on Satan.” Xambree continued to stand in the lowest platform and carefully spin around, studying the three platforms, the twenty four doors, and the twenty four matching bodies of Mella.
“Mella!” Dallas stood upright and slowly twirled around, seeing twenty-four doors behind an individual Mella and then stopped, gingerly stepping ahead from the huddle of heavenly angels towards  one of the door.
Within the huddle of angels on the lowest platform, Bo swiftly stood upright with a gasp and reached out, grabbing the arm on Dallas and stopped Dallas from venturing off the lowest platform into trouble, before the huddle of angels could figure out the puzzle and then solve the mystery of Eve's Tomb. He slowly swirled around and viewed each door and a matching Mella. This was a new trap for the team of heavenly angels set by evil Satan for some type of evil purpose.
In front of each golden door, each body of Mella said the single word in unison with her familiar timber. “Yes.”
Inside the lowest platform of gold and white swirls, Dallas cursed out a string of human words along with his buddy Bo. They continued to slowly whirl around and studied each door, staring at each matching Mella with puzzlement.
Argus reached out and touched the arm on Dallas and Xambree dragging some of the angels back into a tight huddle for an impromptu angel discussion.
Xambree spun around and held the hand on her angel guy Jake, staring at Argus in silence. Tina cuddled with Bo in silence, staring at Argus. Ithanna stood beside Argus and continued to study each Mella in silence. Dallas continued to whirl around and observe each Mella but he couldn’t figure out which female was the true Mella.
“Welcome, heavenly angels! Please pick out the correct door!” A loud baritone timber echoed inside the enclosed room coming from each closed door of twenty four.
“Unk!” Xambree released Jake's name and looked up at the ceiling with a sour frown, crossing her arms, slowly rotating around the room while fuming at his stupid mind game. Her Uncle Lucifer had mentioned it was his fault, before Xambree had been sent on her first solo death angel assignment down here on Planet Earth while completing her angel mission and finding her eternally sweetheart love Jake.
“Dallas!” Bo continued to cuddle Tina as they slowly rotated around the room watching for a reaction from one of the twenty four girls in front of one of the doors.
“Stay cool, angels! We can solve this new mystery here inside Eve's Tomb,” Dallas continued to rotate around the room and studied each girl for a signal from the true Mella. “A human uses about ten percent of their brain cells while an angel utilizes one hundred percent of their gray matter in order solve all their heavenly problems. So, angels, what is the answer here?” He softly chuckled with amusement.
Bo continued to rotate around the room with Tina and smiled at silly Dallas. “Well, my angel brain cells are clueless. Do you know the single answer, Argus?” Argus shook his bone skull and continued to view each door with a matching Mella.
Xambree uncrossed her arms and slowly spun around, studying each door, ordering to the human girl. “Mella, use your destroyer angel powers and identify your true self to us.”
Argus continued to stare at each door with each girl. “She can’t. I only give back her destroyer angel memories to aid us during this angel assignment. Mella isn’t blessed with supernatural powers anymore. She had exchanged her angel powers in order to save the human soul of Drake from his demon dad Daniel.”
“Say that really fast three times, bro.” Dallas laughed. Bo released Tina and reached over with a sour frown, slapping the bicep on Dallas. Dallas chuckled louder.
“Mella cannot help us here.” Ithanna continued to rotate around and study each door with a matching Mella.
Jake pointed at each door with a matching Mella. “This is only some type of trickery and magic. We only need to see past the slick visual illusion first. Then we can locate the true Mella, finish this wicked thing, and get back home to heaven.”
“Amen!” Dallas laughed.
Xambree nodded with a stern face at each Mella. “Yes, this is only a demon projection."
Within the inner circle on top of the slightly dirty floor, Ithanna squatted down and gathered from the dirt and dust from the surface, standing upright, blowing the handful of earth minerals at one single door holding one single body of Mella. Each Mella sneezed out loud from drifting floor dust and then coughed all at same time.
“Well, I do believe that we have both confirmed and verified that this is a very good demon projection. I’m impressed.” Argus continued to rotate around the room and placed both fist son his belt, nodding to each Mella.
“Thank you!” The same baritone timber echoed throughout the new room.
Xambree looked up and pointed at the ceiling. “Unk, I want you to stop playing around here. And I want you to release the true Mella and all the angel right  now.”
“We will fight against you, right now, right here! Draw a sword! Pick an angel, ya evil snake!” Dallas whipped out his angel sword in front of his face and then slowly back stepped from the huddle of angels on the lowest platform, shifting upwards to the empty second level of gold and white marble floor, padding around the larger circular space, whipping his sword in the air. He sneered and studied each one of the twenty four doors with a matching Mella, looking for the face on Lucifer or Satan.
“Pick a door! Pick the correct door, Son of Gabriel!” The same baritone voice echoed through the air waves inside the enclosed room.
Dallas stopped with a sneer and then leaned over, spitting his mouth salvia on top of the marble while accepting a sword challenge from the evil creature, standing upright, slowly padding around the smooth floor on the second lower. He continued to study each door and every Mella, whipping his sword side to side for the fighting challenge from Satan.
In the lowest platform, Ithanna gasped in shock and spun around, staring at Dallas, leaning over and whispered into the eardrum on Argus. “Son of Gabriel! Is fallen angel Dallas really the only biological angel child of archangel Gabriel?”
Argus laughed and continued to rotated around the room, “Yeah, the snot-hole is the one and only troubled child from archangel Gabriel.”
"I heard that, Argus!" Dallas continued to pad around the second level with a sneer.
"Good! You got great angel hearing, Dallas." Argus laughed.
Jake leaned over and whispered into the eardrum on Xambree, staring at Dallas. “Did you know that particular biological child information too?”
Xambree frowned. “I just find out a few minutes ago myself. I didn’t possess that shared information, but it seems so clear now. An once fallen angel was allowed back into the heavenly flock.”
Bo reached up and wiped off the pretend sweat, laughing at Dallas. “Whew! I’m so relieved here. Dallas gets to make the wrong choice and lose the single living baby soul and spend his permanent eternity as one of Satan’s pets from now until foreverly.” He pulled back and winked at his girl Tina, laughing with nervousness. “When Dallas is wrong and then captured, the rest of the angels get to go back home that that lovely place called heaven.”
“Hush, Bo!” Tina reached out and slapped the bicep on Bo, staring with worry at Dallas. Bo pulled  her into his chest and whispered a string of sweet encouraging words into her eardrum.
Argus leaned over and hugged Ithanna for protection and concern. “No pressure there, huh, Dallas? You wanted to become the leader of the angels. Well, go ahead and lead! Pick the correct door and then we all can go back home to heaven, finally, and complete our angel assignment,” he chuckled with some of the angels.
“Always the snot-hole, right, Argus?” Dallas stored his sword down into the leather pouch and rubbed his face, dropping both of his hands, climbing the top platform with puzzlement and annoyance. He stopped and stood in front of the nearest door, staring at Mella. This Mella possessed the same pretty face with the head of long black colored hair down her back spine, a pair of red tinted lips and a pair of green eyeballs on her pale complexion.
“Is he going to kiss her, Bo?” Tina watched Dallas.
On the top platform in front of one of the twenty four doors, “Hey, doll!” Dallas nodded with a smile to the matching Mella.
“Hi, Dallas.” Each Mella smiled and winked back at Dallas while echoing in her timber inside the enclosed room in front of each door.
“There is to be no vocal or physical communication with the doll, Son of Gabriel.” The baritone voice sneered throughout the room.
Dallas nodded in silence with the new rule and side stepped with a smile to the next door, examining another Mella, staring into her pretty face with the same human physical features like the previous one and the original Mella. Dallas had met the true Mella this morning inside Drake's river house at the start of Celestial Treasure Hunt for the single living baby soul.
On the lowest platform, Tina whispered back to Bo and watched Dallas with curiosity and worry, “Is Mella wearing a scent of floral perfume, Bo?”
Jake laughed out loud from the intense pressure inside the enclosed room of Eve's Tomb, speaking out loud with nervousness. “Yeah, her perfume is rolled on customized pig, camel, and horse sweat all mixed together that smells exactly like me, you, her, and him,” he slapped his chest and pointed to each angel that was tired and dirty from the non-fun Celestial Treasure Hunt which had not ended yet. The other angels softly chuckled at his lame joke.
“What is Dallas doing, Bo?” Xambree frowned at the back spine on Dallas.
Bo smiled. “O that! Dallas is a pervert first and a protector second while still retaining all of these nasty human habits as a fallen angel.” The other angels sniggered.
On top of the highest platform, Dallas continued to side step and examined each Mella, slowly going around the circle on each golden door. He sneered back at his angel friend.“I heard that, Bo!”
“We don’t have forever in here, Dallas. Hurry up and finish your examination and then pick the correct door with the true Mella,” Bo cuddled Tina and smiled at the back spine on Dallas.
Argus continued to cuddle Ithanna for protection and safety, nodding at the back spine on Dallas. “Actually, we do have forever in here. Our assigned angel mission is to rescue the single living baby soul from here in Eve's Tomb. So, we all will stay here until. This angel assignment doesn’t have a deadline.”
“However, this angel assignment does have dead air time.” Xambree smiled.
“I’m dead tired too.” Jake laughed and continued to stare at the back spine on Dallas.
“I do believe that I see dead people.” Bo chuckled.
“Hush, Bo!” Tina elbowed his rib cage as Bo grunted. Then he leaned over and kissed her cheekbone, pulling back with a chuckle, staring at Dallas.
Xambree looked up and frowned at the ceiling. “This room does not emit any musical tunes down here for this slow-moving battle.”
“Take me home. Take me down to the paradise city, where the green is green and the girls are pretty.” The new musical tune and words were entitled Paradise City from the musical group Guns N’ Roses in the year 1982.
“Your musical request has been granted, Xambree.” Jake laughed.
“This particular musical song is related to death and dying which is within the death angels domain, Argus. Does that have any translation here inside Eve’s Tomb?” Xambree nodded to Argus.
Argus nodded. “Well, each living soul definitely dies and definitely goes up into heaven...”
“... along with each angel dying and going into nothingness.” Bo nodded with a stern face.
Each angel on top of the lowest platform stood in place and quietly watched Dallas, who had slowly examined each one of the twenty four doors and had returned back to his original spot.
Dallas back stepped from one of the duplicate girls and turned to study each door and the associated Mella, whipping out his sliver of paper, studying the information in silence.



Aneathea is the beginning.
Angee is dead.
Argus is saved by Dallas.
Adam or Drake is dead.
Bo is saved by Dallas.
Chase is dead.
Cruiser or Gavreel is dead.
Ithanna is saved by Dallas.



Dallas mumbled out loud and stood with his back spine at the huddle of angels. “A.B.C. 1.2.3. Everything comes in a package of numeric three.” He looked up and stared at the far wall, nodding with his whispered thoughts. “I had saved three angels. The nasty demon had killed three angels. Three couples with a pair of angels had survived. Xambree and Jake. Bo and Tina, Argus and Ithanna. Everyone else is dead, except me and Mella. Mella ain’t no angel. She is a human girl like her human husband Jake. But Jake is dead and has left the human girl Mella here on Earth Planet alone.” He exhaled with confusion. “Odd woman out. Black sheep in. She is a former destroyer angel. I am a former fallen angel. Odd angel out. Black lamb in.” He chuckled at his silly thoughts and looked down, studying the single sheet of notepaper. “The next alphabetic letter is D for Dallas. Damn! That’s me. My name is the only one with the letter D. Why is it me? Because I am the next dead angel on Satan’s hit list, because I’m in the middle of the listing of angels.”



Aneathea, the beginning
Angee
Argus
Adam (Drake)
Bo
Chase
Dallas, the middle
Gavreel
Jake
Ithanna
Tina
Xambree
Mella, the ending



“Mella is the ending. Why is Mella the ending? Because she is not an angel or in this fight. So, she is going to die next. Naw! She can’t die next. She already has died once. An angel does not dead twice.” He exhaled with annoyance. “I give up.” Dallas spun around and faced the huddle of angels on the lowest platform, shouting out loud with assistance to the puzzle. “Bo, I need help…” He slowly moved off the top platform and held the sliver of paper, padding onto the second platform, slapping his set of knuckles into a non-burning new invisible wall and then stopped. He looked up and back stepped from the first invisible wall that had cut him off from the lowest platform, seeing the wall with his angel vision. “Shit!”
Argus frowned at Dallas. “What’s wrong, Dallas?”
“I just ran into another invisible wall here in-between the second platform with me alone and the third platform that housed the rest of the angels.” Dallas lifted up and ran a free hand down the invisible wall without the heated element of fire, slow back stepping into a second invisible wall, spinning around the touched the second invisible wall. "And, now, there is a new invisible wall on top of the highest platform, where I just left but cannot re-enter again."
Each angel gasped in shock and moved ahead, running into a new invisible wall also.
“The other angels are trapped inside another force field again. Why? What is the purpose with all of this? I am still confused,” Argus stood in front of the invisible wall and traced both of his palms over the non-burning material seeing the wall with his angel vision.
“Unk!” Xambree back stepped from the wall and looked up, sneering at the ceiling.
“Geez! We’re trapped inside another circle of something again. Why are we trapped in here again?” Ithanna back stepped from the wall and crossed her arms feeling tired and vulnerable desiring this new angel assignment to send soonest.
“We are trapped again. So we fight our way for our right to freedom again.” Bo continued to stand in front of the wall and rubbing both of his palms over the minerals while looking for a trap door.
“I see three circles, not again.” Tina stood in the middle of the lowest platform and watched the other angels.
Argus, Bo, and Jake continued to touch and examine the invisible wall for an escape door.
Xambree continued to swirl around in a complete and sneered at the ceiling trying to communicate with her blood uncle without success.
“The letter A is the lower circle for all of the faithful angels. The letter B is the second platform circle which holds for only Dallas, the former bad boy fallen guy. The letter C is the third circle which only displays twenty four girls that each resemble Mella. Does that sound correct, Dallas?” Argus continued to examine the invisible wall that blocked the other angels from Dallas and Mella.
Dallas continued to examine the invisible wall in-between the top and the second platform, softly cursing with a string of human nasty words.
On the lowest platform, Ithanna continued to stand in the middle of the floor and stared at each one of the twenty four girls. "However, human girl Mella was once a destroyer angel, which was once a very naughty girl. Shouldn’t she be standing inside circle B with Dallas?”
Dallas stopped and looked down, studying the silver of paper while pondering the clue or the riddle of the three circles. “Naw! The letter C circle is always reserved for a graceling, the young angels or an innocent child of the Source,” he thumped the paper with a smirk.
“Pick your door, Son of Gabriel!” The same baritone voice echoed throughout the room.
Dallas looked up and stared at the circle of twenty four doors inside the second platform, nodding with a smile. “Illuminate all the numbers on each door, please.” A numeric number from one to twenty four appeared above the golden tinted door frame and above the bone skull of each Mella.
Trapped in the lowest platform, Bo looked up and scooted around, standing at the back spine on Dallas, but he could not reach out and touched his friend. He growled with worry. “Dallas, what are doing in there, man?”
Xambree looked down with a gasp and advanced to the side portion on the invisible wall, staring at the nose profile on Dallas with worry, sneering with fear, “Dallas, tell us your plot please!” Dallas had become a fallen angel when he had make the wrong decision and was sentenced to one hundred years on Planet Earth. Now, Dallas must make the new executive decision which would affect every heavenly angel. If he was wrong, then the team of angels would become a fallen angel and spend the rest of their days here on the planet.
“Dallas, what are you contemplating in here? Tell me right now!” Argus growled in fury and stared at the back spine on Dallas.
Ithanna turned to see the door and smiled with a nod. “Now, there is an individual number over the top of the door frame. Good going, Dallas! You should pick the number 18 which represents heavenly purity of all of God's angels and children.”
“Do not pick the math number six! Six is a bad number, ain't that, Xambree?” Jake turned and stared at the number six on the door, nodding with worry.
“The number three is a repeating theme. Everything comes in three’s. ABC. 123. Man, woman, child.” Dallas slowly spun around inside the second platform floor and studied each door with a smile.
“Are you going to pick the number three, Dallas? As three is the repeating theme today during our assignment,” Tina frowned.
“Pick your door number, Son of Gabriel,” the same baritone timber shouted out loud inside the enclosed room.
Dallas stopped the spin and stood in front of the door with one of the twenty four girls who appeared like Mella. “I pick …”
“Dallas, you betta explain your selection process of that selected door to me, before you select, snot-hole?” Argus pounded both of his fists on the invisible wall which did not make a sound and then bumped his nose tip against the same wall while truly desiring to hurt Dallas, before he made the wrong angle decision like he had done one hundred years ago. Then the entire angel team would be confided to the Earth plane ,without a set of angel powers for eternity.
Bo gasped in worry and pounced on the invisible wall also, growling at the back spine on Dallas. “Dallas, explain right now, before something bad happens to me,” he chuckled alone.
“Hush, Bo!” Tina continued to stand in the middle of the floor with a heavy heart and a worried brow, starting at the nose profile on Dallas.
Dallas pointed the ceiling with laughter and slowly rotated while nodding with a smile to each door. “You’re good, but not great like the Source,” he dropped his hand and slapped his jeans, nodding with a smile to the next door. “You had been given to us a set of straight forward simple clues. Then, the current musical song contained the words: Take me home. The words are obviously a reference to heaven, which is my home. Then there are the three circles consisting of good faithful angels, bad fallen angels, and a neutral angel.” Dallas spun around to face the lowest platform and winked at Bo and Argus, who wore a distorted face of worry. He grinned. “You know that a child is not a good or bad soul. Don't you, Bo?”
Bo nodded in silence back to Dallas. “That is correct, Dallas! What are you plotting to do up there, Dallas?”
Xambree and Jake moved ahead and stood beside Argus and Bo, staring at Dallas. Xambree exhaled with worry and growled at Dallas. “Tell us right now, Dallas! What are you planning to do up there inside your lonely and isolated invisible wall?”
“Do not pick a number for heaven’s sake, Dallas!” Ithanna changed her mind and stomped ahead, standing in between Argus and Jake, staring at Dallas.
Argus pointed with a nod at Dallas. “I demand an angel meeting, right here and right now, Dallas. Come back to our side of the invisible wall. Let’s all discuss this. I’m the leader.”
Dallas looked up and smiled at the ceiling. “A child is a precious gift from the Source, not for your keepsake treasure chest, master thief. You have kept that single living baby soul too long now, bro.” He spun around from the lowest platform with the huddle of angry angels and faced the circle of doors. “And your final clue came from the infamously named arch-angel Gabriel,” he laughed out loud and then spun around, winking to Bo and Argus, swinging back around to face the door.
On the lowest platform, Argus gasped in worry and pounded the invisible wall with both fists, yelling out loud. “Dallas, talk to me right now!”
“I don’t want to die, again, Dallas.” Jake sneered at the nose profile on Dallas.
“O! You will not die, Jake. You will just spend the rest of eternal days and nights as Satan’s slave boy.” Bo laughed and stared at the back spine on Dallas.
“Hush, Bo!” Tina moved ahead and stood beside Bo, slamming his arm, staring with worry at Dallas.
“Do not shout out a number, Dallas!” Argus sneered at the back spine on Dallas.
“Sweet sixteen!” Dallas pointed at the door number and laughed out loud.
“Dallas!” Bo screamed out loud in fear and slammed his fist and face into the invisible wall which did not move.
“Dallas!” Argus yelled out loud and continued to bang on the invisible wall.
“No, Dallas!” Xambree reached over and hugged Jake while protectively him from Satan’s harm.
Then each one of the female fake bodies vanished from the door. Each golden painted door completely disappear. The human girl Mella smiled at Dallas and stood in front of the door number sixteen. 
Dallas slowly moved off the second platform and walked onto the top platform without an invisible wall, padding towards Mella while lecturing his Angeldom to each angel. “Archangel Gabriel selects the tiny infant living soul from heaven’s nursery who is to be birthed down into the material world of Planet Earth. Then my biological dad presses his index finger pad onto the child’s lips marking the single permanent visual cleft symbol below the human nose to shush all the secrets of heaven and fire hell from the infant's mental mind.” He stopped in front of Mella and cocked his chin studying her cleft symbol below her cute button nose. He smiled with a nod and leaned over, kissing her red tinted lips.
Archangels Michael, Gabriel, Azrael, and Raphael appeared from nothingness and stood on the second platform facing their individual child and the other heavenly angels with a smile.
“Argus!” Michael called out and extended his arms with a smile.
From the lowest platform, Argus rushed into the arms of his biological dad and embraced the fatherly hug, pulling back with a sad face. "Dad, we lost …”
“Argus, you did very well with a formidable enemy. As a good entity, nothing is ever easy, son.” Michael nodded with a stern face to his son. Argus nodded back in silence.
“Dallas!” Gabriel spun around with a smile and faced the top platform, slowly moving ahead to welcome back his son into the heavenly flock.
Dallas pulled Mella from the door and hugged her body, facing his dad. “Dad, make I present Mella!”
“It is very nice to meet you, Mella.” Gabriel extended his hand for the proper greeting.
Mella did not move but stared down at the outstretched hand on Gabriel in shock and surprise. She turned and frowned at Dallas. "I am a human girl, Dallas. Can I touch the hand on your dad? I’m not an angel either. As a matter of fact, I’m really confused about all of this.”
On the lowest platform, Azrael moved down, stopped, and hugged his daughter Xambree, pulling back with a smile in silence.
Xambree frowned at her dad. “I am really confused too. What’s all this thing about, arch-angels? I don’t like being kept in the dark about all types of heavenly angel and evil demon stuff.”
Michael gently shoved Argus down towards the third platform and nodded to all the other angels and archangels, sitting down on top of the hard surface. “Come around here and sit down, teens!”
“I’m over the age of eighteen years old,” Dallas continued to hug Mella and did not move from the top platform, sneering at the rear skull on Michael.
On top of the step, Michael looked back over his collar bone and winked to Dallas. “You’re a teen when compared to me, son. Come over here and sit down, Dallas!”
Each archangel and angel shuffled around and gathered in a loose circle at the boot toes on Michael.
Argus and Ithanna sat together. Then Argus wrapped his arm around her.
Gabriel moved ahead and led Dallas and Mella, stopping on the other side of Michael without sitting down. Dallas and Mella cuddled each together.
Xambree and Jake sat on the floor beside her dad Azrael.
Bo and Tina cuddled on the floor beside Azrael.
On top of the step, Michael nodded with a stern face, “Mella, you had been the first captive  living baby soul many moons ago, which essentially created the first ever Crimson Tail. To assist Mella here, a Crimson Tail was born or formed when the rough angel killed a guardian angel, who was escorting the life angel carrying the tiny living baby soul down from heaven to their Earth mother. Crimson Tail Edgar had killed the first guardian angel along with the associated life angel capturing the baby sphere with Mella as the living baby soul. Then, she was stored by Satan for safe keeping away from her heavenly brothers and sisters and Earth parents for many centuries. When heavenly angel Aneathea or the Keeper of Purity died, Mella then became the key to un-raveling the hidden spot here inside Eve’s Tomb.”
Gabriel nodded. “When evil demon daddy Daniel purposefully broke open your baby sphere as a living baby soul, he activated three different events which snowballed into this very moment of victory for us, angels. First, Daniel bestowed part of his small demon powers on Mella by creating a newly formed destroyer angel from the living soul baby. Two, Daniel had accidentally exposed Mella and her crib mates to us up in heaven. Then, we, angels had carefully maneuvered the mind game with all of you, teen angels. Each teen angel had played a very major role in this new angel assignment uncovering the nest of living soul babies. The end.”
Michael stood and nodded with a smile to each angel. “This all means that all of us are going back home to heaven, right now.”
Each one of the angels and archangels slowly stand readying for the fast trip back home to heaven.
Xambree stood beside her dad Azrael and frowned at his nose profile. “Some of us died here during this angel assignment, Dad.”
Raphael nodded with a stern face to each angel. “A nasty demon only lives for greed and abuse. They steal everything from us and the humans. This is our heavenly job as a heavenly angel.”
“An angel lives for honor and love. We save everyone from a nasty demon. You did your heavenly job well, today, kids.” Gabriel nodded with a smile to each teen.
Michael nodded. “We all pick our purpose as an angel, Xambree. And we had picked the best and brightest for this angel mission, in which, you have succeeded …”
“… without sacrifice.” Argus frowned.
Dallas nodded. “So, evil demon dad Daniel had activated three events. You only listed two of them, Dad.”
“The boy is smart.” Gabriel nodded to Michael and returned back viewing each angel. “When evil demon Daniel had busted your protective baby sphere, he had murdered your living baby soul, Mella.” Each angel gasped in alarm. He nodded. “Your skin exhibits a pasty white color kinda like you are a ghost. You had died as a human living baby soul Mella becoming for a short period of time destroyer angel Mella. Then, you had saved human teenager Drake. So, that kind humanity act has rewarded you as a …”
“... human …” Mella smiled.
“Sorta.” Gabriel frowned.
Mella frowned. “So, do you mean that I am a spirit or a ghost or a witch or a zombie, if I am not human? What am I then?”
“Mine!” Dallas hugged Mella tightly and nodded to his dad. “If I am understand correctly here, Mella had died once as a living soul baby here on Planet Earth inside Eve’s Tomb, which isn’t inside fire hell or non-fire heaven, then she had died twice as a human girl here on the Planet Earth again. When a living soul dies twice, the soul automatically ascends immediately into heaven for being a good girl,” he leaned over and kissed her cheekbone, pulling back, nodding to Gabriel. “I’m right. She is …”
Gabriel nodded with a smile. “Mella, you have a choice here. You can become another human here on Planet Earth or you can chose to become an angel in heaven. This is your decision alone, without asking a wise but annoying smart angel.”
Mella bumped into Dallas and giggled with a smile. “Can I really become an angel and stay with Dallas in heaven? Is that really true?” Gabriel nodded with a grin in silence. She nodded to Gabriel. “I wanna become an angel in heaven. I wanna stay with Dallas in heaven. Is Dallas going back to heaven, since he is a fallen angel here on Planet Earth?”
He smiled. “You have made an excellent choice, Mella and Dallas. And yes is the answer to all of your questions, Mella. We all are returning back to heaven, including the two newest and faithful angels, Dallas and Mella. Is everyone ready for the aural flight?”
“What about other hidden living baby souls that each Crimson Tail had robbed and then stored here in Eve's Tomb, Dad?” Dallas frowned.
“Don't worry! Another gang of rougher and tougher archangels had recovered the rest of the stolen living baby souls. Each one is safely tucked away inside the new baby crib in heaven.” Gabriel clapped with a nod. “I'm ready for the flight, kids. It’s time for supper time, upstairs.” He chuckled. “Pop out!”
Each angel produced a pair of angel wings and then disappeared twos by twos or as a single angel as each colorful feather descended down and then burned into a yellow particle of angel dust, before touching the marble while leaving Argus and Michael alone on top of the second platform.
Argus looked down with a sad face and looked up, pointing at the walls inside Eve's Tomb. “Dad, I do understand any of this.”
“You just played an innocent game of horse stealing, Argus.” Michael draped an arm over his son, nodding with a smile.
“If you steal the spirit horse from the opposing warrior peoples, then you are respected by the warrior clan and your own warrior clan. But the former warrior has a chance to steal his property back for the bigger better honor.” Argus shook his bone skull with confusion. “There was a sprit horse galloping around the abandoned farm pastures at Five Points Station, before the terrible water flood, do you sent the mammal?”
“The Source had sent it. But, the lesson is the same, son.” Michael pointed to the ceiling.
He looked down and stared at the pretty marble floor. “Father, we lost Angee, Chase, Gavreel and Lystra. There were a set of good honest angels in what you term an innocent game of horse stealing.”
Michael reached out and tugged on the foreman of Argus. “We are only matter made of cosmic stuff beyond this fleshy skin, brittle bones, wet blood by the Source. Let me remind you that the Source always wins, son.”
“Yes, the Source does.” Argus smiled.
“Let’s go back home to heaven, Argus. I have an appointment to keep in meeting with Ithanna’s parents.” Michael slapped the back spine on Argus and nodded with a smile.
“How did you knew about me and Ithanna?” He gasped in shock.
Michael leaned over and smirked to his son, “I know lots of stuff, son.” He pulled back and scooted sideways for more room, inflating out his pair of angel wings in the air as a set of tiny black tinted feathers dropped down while dissolving in the air current into yellow angel dust.
At 09:09 pm, they both popped their angel body off the Earth plane back home to heaven.



CHAPTER TWO




The unknown four rebellious outlaws, Beck, Cinta, Garth, and Risa, had been chased around each world city and every rural farm field by a group of avenging alien-kind, goddess-kind and god-kind paranormal teenagers and adults and then finally landing down into the Art Deco scene.
The next to last spot had been in the metro city of Paris within the country of France at Hotel Lutetia which held 184 spacious bedrooms for a weary traveler, who had come to Paris indulging in food and the aesthetic beauty of the city. The grand hotel had been located in the center of Paris' bohemian scene during the Modernism period, where the two ancient painters Picasso and Matisse had resided also.
The hotel featured a 7,500 square foot of private room including a lovely spa and an indoor swimming pool that was bathed in beams of natural light plus numerous eateries for food plates and dark bars for different types of beverages.
Now, Hotel Lutetia was a pile of broken concrete slabs, small blue and yellow fires, and numerous drifting plumes of black tinted smoke, after the unharmed and escaping foursome had left the city of Paris in the smoke. The four outlaws Beck, Cinta, Garth, and Risa had teleported into the Soho scene next.
In the city of London within the country of Great Britain, at the Courthouse Hotel, the structure had been the court of magistrate, where musical superstar singers John Lennon, Keith Richards, and Mick Jagger had encountered the assigned British judge also. The popular Silk Restaurant contained a vaulted glass ceiling and framed walls in oak, featuring the original judge's bench, dock, and eye witness stand.
Each interior hotel room contained a fireplace and set of oak floors as each guest enjoyed a heated indoor swimming pool, a sauna, a fitness room, and a spa during their stay.
Now, the entire village of Soho was marred in ruins in drifting smoke stacks and crashed structures, after the unharmed and escaping four outlaws had exited out from the London scene and then teleported into another modern city within the USA, in the state, county, and city of New York.
Cast of Characters:

Beck Actworth, Seventh son of gods and goddesses
Cinta Warfield, goddess girl and Beck's girl
Garth Warfield, Seventh son of outer space aliens
Risa Dawn Patillo, alien girl and Garth's girl



Story plot:

During the apex of the weird and unique outer space five alignment Syzygy event, five months ago, in the month of May, at the precise geographical location of small town Apollo, within the State of Alabama, here on Planet Earth, the four surviving supernatural teens consisting of Risa, Beck, Cinta, and Garth, had been chased around the globe by a gang of mismatched, angry god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind creatures, who blame the four teenagers for the permanent deaths of each one of their loving kin and kind.
The only way, the four outlaws are going to escape from the group of savage and revengeful supernatural foes, happens, when each teen outlaw is dead and gone from the planet by the hand coming from a god-kind or a goddess-kind or an alien-kind creature. Then, the world of supernatural creatures will be at war with the entire human race.
 


Two days later...


Wednesday, December 11th


New York City, within the US State of New York
10:10 am
106˚ Fahrenheit and bright sunshine with a cool light breeze


“Hello! Welcome to my personal television show! I'm standing on top of the dirty vanilla colored sidewalk without an array of hustling employees or curious visitors or numerous sleeping homeless people at the edge of Times Square here within metro city New York, within New York State, in front of The Chatwal, a Midtown landmark hotel that had been built by architect Stanford White in the year 1905. The hotel interior had been restored by Thierry Despont and featured faux suede walls and faux leather cabinets which had been modeled after classical travel luggage.
"Inside this lovely hotel, a traveler or New Yorker can sip cocktails and dine on American cuisine on your private balcony terrace. A hotel butler is provided and serves all of your passionate and hungry wishes. The hotel offers a spa for a womanly or manly blessing or a dip in the saltwater swimming pool or a unwind with a massage for both him and her. The hotel provides a vehicle and chauffeur riding to any fine eatery or Broadway play within a twenty-block radius. I hoped you enjoyed my historical past moment. Now, please, turn your eyeballs towards the skyline for the current event which is occurring, right before my eyeballs over the rooftops of Times Square, and right before my human senses in the heated day of summertime. during a harsh wintertime weather patterns, from yesterday,” she turned and smiled at the skyline.
Times Square location was an array of jagged dark shadows below the pale blue hue. Above the row of tall skyscrapers and below the stream of white fluffy clouds, a tremendous thunderstorm with streaks of numerous individual colorful lightning bolts continued to brew and grow while illuminating the skyline during the bright daylight hours of blinding sunlight.
On top of the smooth vanilla colored sidewalk, a blonde-haired, petite, slender female television news reporter with olive-tinted skin stood upright in front of a row of tall skyscrapers, straightening her tan colored jacket, combing through some of her stray hair strands, lifting up the black tinted hand-held microphone into her red colored painted lips. She wore a pair of sunglasses and smiled into the camera lenses, thumbing back over her collar bone to the bizarre scene in the skyline. “Something strange is happening right here at Times Square! Usually, something is always occurring here at Times Square always every minute of the day and night. After all, this is New York City, the town that never sleeps. The standard December weather is cold and dull and sleepy, without rain showers. However, something is not sleepy today, but angry or happy or miffed or mad at the rolls of clouds and the entire bright skyline. Most of the rain falls in the form of tender showers or nasty boom storms with strong gusty winds. This is the most usual rainstorm, without the raindrops, but with the roaring thunder and bolts of colored lightning. Let me discuss the colorful scene in the sky. The skyline is covered in rolls of twirling clouds that block out the pretty sunrays. However, each cloud is colored. Yes, each cloud is tinted in a hue of color. One cloud is colored in light green. The cloud next to the light green cloud is tinted in  dark purple. The color beside the dark purple cloud appears in yellow hue. The rest of the clouds range in color from light blue to violet shade to golden to light pale to orange to pink to dark blue, but no red colors. There is not a single red tinted, angry cloud that warns us of an upcoming nasty thunderstorm.
"But, there is a storm over my hair roots and in the dull sky. The skyline appears beautiful with rolls of colored clouds. Strikes of long, crooked lightning bolts coming from a matching colored cloud dance across the dull skyline with intrigue and mystery. This is the strangest storm on Planet Earth, right here and right now. The storm is pretty, but weird, and quiet, but dry. I just don't know. Maybe, some person within my viewing audience can figure out this weird phenomena,” she lifted up her personal mobile telephone near her smile and wiggled the golden tinted otter box. “If some person has a great idea, then please call my cell at 888-999-0000 with your answer. If you are the correct, then winner will receive a dinner for two people at ShanCher Madison restaurant down the street here.”
Behind the female news reporter and above the jagged array of skyscraper rooftops, a single lavender tinted lightning bolt flashed across the colored sky loudly cracking and then sizzled with frying heat at a pretend object. Then an orange tinted single lightning bolt coming from a matching cloud answered the charge and danced across the same sky, loudly cracking and heatedly sizzling at a second pretend object.
On the ground level, the female news reporter pointed up with a smile at the weird event occurring within the rolls of colored clouds on a heated day in New York City. "That lightning streak was beautiful. Can you explain it?"
Inside a crooked line of colored clouds, not created by Mother Nature, two rows of colorful individual living room furniture pieces including the art work pieces and all of stainless steel kitchen appliances including the pots and pans floated in the air waves that had been stolen from the penthouse apartment on top of the skyscraper by the dark-haired goddess. She tossed her goddess talents and turned the two rows into twin flames of dark purple hue. The goddess-kind hovered behind the matching dark purple colored cloud in disguise from the humans and the four outlaws, lifting up her boot sole, kicking her twin rows of fiery weapon at goddess Cinta.
On the opposite side of the wave of twirling colored clouds, seventeen years old, goddess teenager Cinta displayed a head of blonde hair with solid reddish-pink tinted end tips, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a pair of violet eyeballs, wearing a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a dirty and torn lavender short-sleeved tee shirt, and her pair of scuffed and unpolished brown tinted cowgirl boots. She hovered in the air and sneered at her newest enemy, an unknown brown-haired goddess girl. Cinta quickly slid sideways and lifted up her palm, releasing out her awesome pink tinted goddess beam at the approaching two lines of purple fire, easily destroying the rows of goddess weapon, sending an array of fiery colored sparks back into the line of purple, peach, and turquoise colored clouds that terminated the life force on a couple of goddess-kind. Cinta sneered out loud and stared at the fireball of colors, shouting out loud. “I want cake.”
“Cinta!” The loud male baritone voice belonged to her fiancé. He displayed a tall body in the air waves and wore a head of shoulder length black tinted hair, a pair of blue eyeballs, a tone of dark tinted skin. The eighteen year old male wore a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a dirty and torn yellow tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of scuffed and unpolished black tinted cowboy boots. Seventh Son from the god-kind clan and rebel outlaw Beck Actworth battled with three alien-kind individuals and hovered in the air waves several thousand feet away from Cinta for her safety, discharging out his pale blue tinted god beam at three fiery objects in lavender, burgundy, and tan hues, destroying the three flaming automobiles. The backfire plumb swiftly raced and hit, killing the trio of alien-kind paranormal male and female. The destruction illuminated the cloud cover between Beck and the alien-kind into an array of oranges, ambers, and dark green hues.
Fiancé of Garth, seventeen years old, alien Risa presented a tall, slender body frame and wore a head of long blonde colored hair strands, a tone of glowing golden tinted skin, a pair of mint green tinted eyeballs, dressing in a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a dirty and torn orange tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of scuffed and unpolished red tinted cowboy boots. She hovered several thousand feet away from her three outlaw friends Garth, Cinta, and Beck, whipping her pink tinted alien beam at each burning object with destruction and then at a row of dodging goddess females inside a cloud of aqua tone with ease difficulty. "Take that and this and that and this, unknown and annoying row of goddesses. I do not know you and I do not wanna harm you, but all of you are getting on my nerves."
Eighteen years old, Seventh Son, leader of the alien clan Garth displayed a tall and muscular body frame, a head of cropped blonde hair, a tone of golden tinted skin, and a pair of green eyeballs, wearing a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a dirty and torn green tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of scuffed and unpolished orange and red tinted cowboy boots. He held one palm in front of his chest and aimed at the dark blue twirling cloud, viewing three lines of clothes consisting of dresses, purses, shoes, and hats that burned in matching dark blue hue. He laughed out loud. "It's not my size, babe!" He released his pale blue alien beam and destroyed the weapons into a huge fireball of yellow, violet, and coral, sending the fire back to the alien female's cloud. His beam and his fireball terminated the female alien into a puff of smoke and a pile of white ashes.
Cinta released her pink tinted beam at the wall of  raspberry and salmon colors that flamed on a stolen intact metal rooftop from one of the personal houses down on the city street by the alien-kind female. She demolished the extremely large weapon without killing the alien-kind female and shouted out loud. "I want flowers."
"Cinta!" Beck flew upright from the spinning huddle of fiery taxi cabs and then spun around, releasing his pale blue beam at the dangerous item. The huddle blew up in a fireball of amethyst and cyan blue. He spun around and sneered at the row of goddess and gods, sending out another pale blue beam, terminating the nasty enemies.
"I want a church." She dodged side to side and lined up with the center of the line of fiery empty public buses, releasing her goddess beam, obliterating the weapons. Her beam went through the weapons and sizzled a line of dark green, apricot, and copper colored clouds that killed each alien-kind.
"Cinta!" He continued to float in the air waves and faced the colorful row of twirling clouds, seeing four lines of green and tan tinted terrain vehicles that blazed in the pretty colors of sky blue, lilac, crimson, and fuchsia tones, wiping out each line, one at a time, without emotion.
From the periwinkle colored cloud, a huddle of playground equipment in fiery colors of red, azure blue, and camel aimed at Risa. She emitted her pink tinted ray and annihilated the weapons, nodding with a smile.
"I want a wedding gown." Cinta yelled out loud and viewed a flaming construction crane coming her way without attacking the weapon.
A pale blue ray hit the item and razed the sky in colors of mauve and mustard yellow hues. Beck frowned and glided around his air space, shouting back at Cinta. "Cinta!"
Risa continued to hover in the air space and gasped in shock, pointing at the fiery cruise boat that held numerous humans, "Garth, get that one! I can't do it!"
Garth spun around and gasped in shock, lifting up both his palms in front of chest. One palm emitted a pale blue ray and hit each human, which knocked each one into unconsciousness and then quickly removed each body from the burning boat, gently landing each one down on rooftop on a skyscraper safely. The other palm obliterated the gigantic cruise ship into a fireball of copper, teal, and scarlet colors, back firing at the line of colored clouds in lime green, wine, apricot, and plum while terminating all of the god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind too.
"I want a diamond engagement ring, Beck, right now and right here." Cinta yelled out loud and annihilated a rotating huddle of restaurant eating tables and sitting chairs with her pink tinted beam, sending the same beam into a row of teal, rose, and citron colored clouds. Each god-kind and alien-kind paranormal creature died into nothingness.
"Cinta!" Beck continued to hover in the air waves and gasped at the next fiery object, a sideways newly build skyscraper in flaming colors of indigo and chartreuse. "Garth!" Risa and Garth flew closer and stood beside Beck in the air, lifting up each palm, blasting out a pink tinted ray and two palm tinted beams at the same time at the massive object. The three rays easily annihilated the gigantic object and continued into a row of red, blue, green, and orange clouds, destroying the god-kind and alien-kind paranormal creatures.
Garth shouted out loud with a smile. "Okay. I'm bored. Time to go! Do you want the honor, Beck?"
Beck had spun around from his friends and traveled a safe distance from the battle fight, activating the mirror cloud portal that gleamed in rainbow sparkles and long streaks of richer colors, entering the cloud, disappearing from the battle field over New York City.
"Let's leave, darling! I've evaporated all of my new enemies," Garth flew over with laughter towards Risa and cuddled her into chest, flying ahead, entering the cloudy field, exiting the air space over the city too. Cinta flew last with a sour frown and entered the portal, leaving New York City in smoke and dust.
The mirror cloud portal quickly closed as the alive and remaining lines of god-kind, goddess-kind and alien-kind flew forwards inside their individual colorful cloud slamming into empty air space. The mirror cloud portal disintegrated into plumes of colorful ashes and then drifted away with the light wind over the landscape.
Each god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind circled the empty air waves that displayed the bright and heated sunshine down on the damaged apartment homes and office buildings from the paranormal battle fight, entering into a second mirror cloud portal. When the last paranormal entered the portal, the cloud disintegrated again leaving a pale blue sky with rolls of white tinted clouds and numerous beams of bright sunlight.
On the ground, the news reporter hid inside the building and shouted into her microphone, moving outside, pointing at the clear blue sky with a gasp of shock. "Look at that! It is all over. The nasty nosily lightning storm is gone as fast as it appeared. What is this? Does anyone know?" She spun around and smiled into the camera lenses, nodding her curls.



Same day, different world city with Norway time...

05:13 pm
City of Rjukan within the country of Norway
Gaustatoppen Mountain location

21˚ Fahrenheit air temperature with beams of bright sunlight
Snowy ground setting


Risa and Garth landed together on top of the soft snow and rolled down into the ground while chuckling with amusement, still traveling over the snow, and finally stopped while covered in snowflakes like a horizontal snowman. They cuddled each other with smiles and kisses.
Risa wore a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a dirty and torn orange tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of scuffed and unpolished red tinted cowgirl boots.
Garth wore a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a dirty and torn green tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of scuffed and unpolished tan tinted cowgirl boots.
Cinta dropped down from the opposite side of the mirror cloud portal from the height of 20,000 feet and gently landed down on her rough cowgirl boots, sneering at the weather, wrapping both arms around her body. "It's cold here. Where are we? Where is Beck? Why is Beck running away from us? Is there danger here for us? No! We're never in danger after leaving the damaged city or burning farm house or blasting hotel building. The nasty paranormals can't follow us once our side of the mirror cloud portal is closed. That's a fact!"
Beck had landed first and disappeared from the drop zone, dashing ahead in the light shower of snowflakes into one of the row of buildings, wearing a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a dirty and torn yellow tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of scuffed and unpolished black tinted cowboy boots.
Cinta stared at the running butthole on Beck but did not want to chase after him. "Where are we? I see miles and miles and miles of snow, snow, snow. White snow covers everything, including the soil, the trees, the road, the sidewalks, the buildings, the people," she looked down and sneered at Risa and Garth. They continued to play in the thick snow, slowly constructing a snow wall while tossing snowballs at each other, laughing out loud with their fun time.
The thick clouds opened up and released a light snow shower of tiny fragile snowflakes that didn't affect the beautiful breathtaking scene. In front of the three outlaws, the majesty Gaustatoppen mountain range appeared in solid white tinted lumps in a dish of cooked mashed potatoes among the bright pale blue sky. Below the numerous lumps of white, a carpet of dark green fir trees stabbed the air waves like a pin cushion of black tinted straight pins. On top of the ground, smooth, glittering pure white snow covered the rest of dead vegetation, plants, flowers, naked roadways while hiding the resting or playful wildlife.
Cinta stood on top of the thick snow and wore a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a dirty and torn lavender short-sleeved tee shirt, and her pair of scuffed and unpolished brown tinted cowgirl boots, frowning at the new weather conditions, screaming in frustration at everyone and no one. "I see cold and I feel cold. I don't like the cold. Can't we land down on a tropic Caribbean island somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean and live there for the rest of our long life? Or can we raise up the sunken city of Atlantis with their machines and cool servant robots and then live there alone and lonely, without the humans or gods or goddesses or aliens or animals?" She laughed and frowned down at her brother and her friend Risa.
Garth and Risa continued to fight in the thick snow banks. Risa charged ahead and broke through her snow wall, laughing more than yelling and attacked Garth. They hugged and then dropped down in the snow, kissing each other, rolling over the snowy ground with fun.
Cinta rolled her eyeballs and returned back scanning the snowy landscape. "I don't like the cold or snow or icy weather conditions there or here."
Garth continued to cuddle Risa and stood upright, smiling at his girl, talking to his sister, "Cinta, you are a goddess with goddess powers. You do not become cold or hot or heated or wet or tired or feverish. You're fine and fit, all the time."
Cinta continued to stand and frowned at the back spine on her brother, slapping her chest, "I am a goddess; but the goddess likes to wear cute clothes," she lifted her hand in order to use her goddess powers.
Garth swiftly dashed away from Risa and immediately stood in front of Cinta, slapping down her hand, sneering into her face. "No magic! We can't use our magic for any reason."
She gasped in shock and rubbed her non-hurt hand. "Why not!"
He nodded. "Beck will explain, after we find shelter. Let's move!" Garth spun around and raced to Risa, cuddling her, walking through the thick snow towards the store. "I see Beck in front of a retail shop. We need to purchase food and supplies for our trip."
Risa smiled and did not wave back at Beck. After escaping from the gang of nasty paranormals, the next step was business, not pleasure, finding shelter and setting up house for a day or a couple of days or a couple of weeks, before their individual supernatural powers drifting up into the stratosphere and alerted their enemies of their present location on the globe.
"What trip?" Cinta slapped both her hands on her pale naked legs, exhaling with annoyance, slowly limping through the thick snow behind Risa and Garth.
Garth smiled. "Are you okay, honey?"
Risa giggled. "I'm fine and fit. I want a cup of hot chocolate."
Garth chuckled into her cheekbone. "Me, too!"
"I want a warm coat."
"I'll keep you warm, sweetheart," he hugged Risa and lifted her up from the ground with his superhuman strength for fun, toting her over the thick snow. She giggled with fun.
Cinta frowned and continued to limp or trip or stumble into the thick snow, shouting out loud. "We could zap our bodies over the snow and down inside the store."
"No magic, Cinta!" Garth growled.
"Why not!" She frowned.
"There are humans around us. We don't wanna draw attention to us and them and they with our magic, Cinta."
She turned and scanned the landscape with her goddess eyeballs frowning with annoyance, "I see one or two humans way, way over there, not over here. Anyways, the humans don't care about us. The humans don't know us."
"I care for the humans."
She sneered at the snowy scenery. "Well, I don't care for the humans."
"Shush, Cinta!" Garth frowned and stomped on top of the rock coated entranceway, entering the warm store with Risa.
Cinta veered with a smile towards the side wall and stopped, admiring the new row of new clothes, selecting one item. She cuddled the item into her chest with a set of giggles and continued to stand in front of the wall of clothes.
Beck met Risa and Garth in front of the store and nodded with his instructions. "Go around and pick out warm clothes, comfy boots, snacks, and water bottles. Our new shelter does not have food or water." They nodded in silence and slowly moved around the store together picking out their individual supplies. He padded around the tables of clothing and slammed into the back spine on Cinta, hugging her body. "Do you really want that?"
She smiled down at her item, "Yes, I want you to buy me a fur coat."
"All right! Go and pick out other warm clothes..."
"I want a set of pretty clothes, not a rack of ugly clothes. I wanna go to another retail shop. All of these clothes look ..."
"... warm and wool and comfortable winter clothes, get some comfortable winter boots too and eating snacks, and drinking water bottles. Pick out your wardrobe and then change inside the girl's dressing room into your warm clothes and then meet me at the cash register for payment. We need to leave and get to our new hideout."
She frowned. "Where is our new hideout?"
"It's close. Get your clothes and leave the store!"
"Why are we rushed, Beck?"
"Because of the others."
"The others are not here. They never follow us for some reason."
"Let's go, Cinta. We have a schedule to keep."
"What schedule?" She frowned.
"The one, we need to keep." He frowned.
She growled. "We don't work or play on a work schedule, Beck. We can always zap all the ..."
He sneered in her eardrum. "Do not use your magic here!"
"Why not!"
"I'll explain later."
Cinta stared at the rows of clothes and frowned. "How am I supposed to carry all of that merchandise to our shelter without using my goddess powers?"
"On your back spine," he spun around with laughter and moved ahead, picking out his supply list.
She exhaled with frustration and slowly scooted around the store, selecting a set of ugly clothes for her secret trip to her hidden shelter for the day.
Risa appeared and collided into the back spine on Cinta, whispering into the cheekbone on her friend. "Let's shop until we can't hold anymore new clothes," she back stepped and then spun around with an armful of clothes,  heading into the dressing room.
Cinta continued to stand on the same wall of  clothes and turned to see the back spine on  her friend first and then seeing the two males. Garth and Beck split apart and attacked a different wall of male clothes, collecting new items too.
She returned back and frowned at the ugly wall of clothes. Her goddess powers could produce a store of similar clothes including a row of fur coats, if she was allowed.
Cinta had lost all of her alien powers when the evil soul catcher had touched her face during the Syzygy event. Then she had been kissed god teen Beck and became engaged, inheriting some of his god powers.
Beck was a Seventh Son of the god-kind clan and possessed a special group of supernatural powers that had affected lots of individuals including humans, animals, gods, goddesses, aliens and others.
Cinta exhaled with annoyance at her boyfriend, her friend, and her brother and then spun around, moving ahead and stopped at the new long naked wooden table of colorful sweaters. The giggling noise bombarded  her eardrums. She looked up and gasped in shock.
In front of the long mirror on the rear wall, Risa, Beck, and Garth donned a set of new clothes in the hue of solid white without a tone of color. Each teen turned around and nodded to Cinta with the silence signal purchase all white colored clothing.
Cinta dropped the other clothes down on the floor and quickly selected a wardrobe of white items, stomping into the dressing room, exchanging her dirty outfit for the new one. A few minutes later, she emerged from the dressing room and wore a new pair of ski pants, a warm sweater, a pair of ski pants, a pair of ski boots, and a pair of snow gloves, and a snow helmet, scooting around the long tables of clothes and stopped at the cash register with her three team mates.
Each teen also displayed a pair of dark tinted sunglasses or colorful pair of ski goggles for shielding the eyeballs from the sun glare and ice crystals. Each one slowly padding ahead and then stopped in front of the cash register, modeling their new ski outfit, smiling at the employed store clerk.
The store clerk gasped in shock and stared at each teen, pointing at each teen. "You can't wear the unpaid merchandise out the store." Beck whipped out a stack of American bills and paid the cashier. She gasped in shock and accepted the cash. "O! You're Americans. Welcome, Americans!" She nodded with a smile and pocketed the American cash, slowly ringing up the other items on top of the counter, entertaining the Americans. "You are located in the valley of Gaustatoppen mountain range. It is one of the most beautiful and highest mountain in the county here in the country of Norway."
"Norway! What we doing here in the country of Norway?" Cinta sneered down at her ugly winter clothes and wrapped her new white tinted fur coat around her body.
"We are here to sight-see and hike the mountain peak, eating a tasty waffle and drinking hot coffee like the rest of the tourists, Cinta, darling." Beck continued to watch the monitor on the electronic cash register and counted out the individual American bills for payment of the clothes. 
The clerk slowly rang up each item as it softly dinged in musical tone. "You are standing in the municipality of Rjukan, the doorway into the Gaustatoppen mountains. This place sees 30,000 visitors each year ..."
"... and two gods and two goddess, to boot," Cinta whispered softly with giggles. Risa elbowed Cinta with a sour frown in silence. Cinta laughed loud.
The clerk continued to ring up each item as the machine softly beeped. "The mountain peak elevation touches the clouds at 6,178 feet, US measurement. On a clear day, without the fog, you can see one-sixth of Norway from that view and that height. The first ascent reaches 1,180 feet in height, US measurement, too. However, you can take the cool but warm tunnel-rail train Gaustabanen on the southeastern side of the mountain all the way up to the mountain peak. There's an enclosed restaurant that serves warm toasty waffles and cups of hot coffee to see the majesty view of the sky, the clouds, the lakes, the city, and the other mountain peaks," she squatted down behind the counter and plopped down four individual tiny black tinted backpacks. And you need to buy this item for each skier."
Beck continued to count the money. "We have all of our gear that we need."
The clerk nodded with a stern face. "You must buy the emergency backpack before heading up to the mountain. Each backpack holds an avalanche transceiver, and avalanche probe and a hand shovel for an emergency on the mountain slope."
He looked up and nodded. "Fine! Add the four emergency backpacks to my purchases."
She smiled. "Do you wanna purchase an inflatable avalanche backpack also? The item is an air-bag floatation vest that keeps you alive and afloat on top of the snow, if an avalanche happens."
He exhaled with annoyance at the young human, who only wanted human money for the store. "No! We will take our chances. Thanks for the offer! What is the total amount of my purchases, miss?" Beck continued to count out the American bills. "Thanks for the information, ma'am!"
"The total purchase amount comes to 39,274 dollars, US." The clerk smiled at the cute American male.
Cinta gasped in shock. Beck counted out the American dollars and handed to the clerk, ordering his friends, grabbing some of the lumps cloth bags. "Everyone, grab several bags and move out from the store. We got a lot of hiking to cover before sunset," he spun around and raced through the store, exiting first into the snow.
Each one picked up several bags and slowly moved through the room, exiting the store, limping through the thick snow to Beck. He stood 500 feet from the store down in the snow, repacking his gear into two long, narrow solid white cloth bags, standing upright to view his three friends.
From the store porch, Cinta toted her new bags of clothes and food items padding beside her brother. "You went shopping for new clothes, too."
"Yeah," Garth moved with Risa.
She smiled. "You never ever go shopping for new clothes, Garth. You've been wearing the same pair of blue jeans, since the first day of high school and through all of our bloody fights with the god-kind."
"God-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind do not bleed in blood. They burn in fumes and then dissolve into nothingness."
She smiled. "You know what I mean."
"No, I don't." He stopped and stared with a frown at the nose profile on Cinta, shaking his curls, dropping down on top of the snow. He quickly transferred the bags of new clothes into a single narrow cloth bag.
Risa and Cinta dropped down and copied Beck and Garth in silence.
Beck finished his task and stood upright from the snow, exhibiting a set of new snow gear with a smile. "Dress your feet in the pair of snow skies and your hands in a pair of ski poles. We're going to cross-country ski to our first destination."
Cinta finished her task and viewed the white tinted cloth bag with a sour frown, standing upright from the snow, spinning around and pointed with a smile at the row of hotels. "Can't we stay here inside one of the pretty hotels for the night with room service and a sunken bath tub of hot, steamy water?"
Risa finished her task and stood upright from the snow, facing Beck, accepting the new items and dressed her body. "No! We can't, Cinta!"
She spun back around and accepted, jiggling each item with confusion. "Why in the world do I need all of this snow stuff? Some of this stuff are for professional skiers. I am not a professional; I am a goddess."
"Get dressed the old fashion way with your hands, Cinta! And do not use your goddess powers!" Beck frowned and started to dress with his snow gear.
Risa leaned over and frowned into the cheekbone on Garth. "Cinta is going to make trouble for everyone."
Garth continued to dress and whispered back to his girl. "I know that, but she is my sister."
Each teen quickly dressed in the new gear and loaded one long, narrow cloth bag on a back spine that held more warm clothes and fresh food and water supplies.
Beck finished dressing and smiled at Cinta. "No. We're not staying here in one of the pretty hotels. But I promise our next hideout is nice, not crappy."
Cinta looked up and frowned. "I didn't believe you, Breck."
Risa leaned over and giggled into the cheekbone on Garth. "Our next hideout is nice, not crappy."
"I do believe you, Beck." Garth laughed with Risa. Cinta sneered at her three team mates.
 Beck bent down and whipped the two cloth bags over his back spine. "Everyone, grab your cloth back with a pair of hands."
Cinta looked down and frowned at her single cloth bag, whipping her hand near her smile. Beck reached out and grabbed her hand, sneering. "No! Do not use your goddess powers. Use your super human strength and tote your pack." He released her hand and adjusted the two heavy bags around his body.
She dropped her hand and slapped her leg, whining with confusion. "Why not?"
Garth adjusted his cloth bag around his body. "The humans will see."
She frowned. "The humans never see us. They never hear us. They never smell us. They don't know us. They're too busy destroying the planet and raping all of the resources for their greedy, selfish purposes."
Beck smiled. "You're correct, Cinta. But, today, we all use the old fashioned muscle strength to tote your pack."
She smiled. "My old fashioned goddess magic is better, faster, stronger..."
Garth reached down and grabbed Risa's cloth bag, whipping over his back spine behind his own bag, sneering at Cinta. "We're all stronger than the race of humans. Pick up the bag, Cinta!" He leaned over and smiled at his girl Risa. "I got you, babe. And I got your bag, too," he kissed her lips and pulled back with a wink.
"Thank you, darling!" Risa smiled and hugged his body.
Cinta gasped in shock and pointed down at her cloth bag, staring at the back spine on Beck. He spun around and led his three team mates, performing a cross-country skiing, heading towards the southwest in silence. She tossed both of her arms in the air and dropped both of her hands, viewing her gloves in frustration. "I can't keep a set of manicured hands. But the gloves hide the shame," she looked up and shouted out loud at Beck. "Where are going? Why are leaving from here?"
"Move it, Cinta! You go after Beck." Risa fiddled with her pair of ski poles and stood in place.
Cinta stabbed her pair of ski poles in the snow and shuffled her skies in place, slowly skiing behind Beck. "O! We're going in the right direction. The train station lies in this direction. We could have taken a snow mobile to the train station."
"Everyone skies around here, Cinta!" Garth frowned. "Try to go with the flow and be a good goddess and obey your god-man."
She smiled and followed Beck. "The sales clerk told us that the train is housed inside the mountain interior without seeing the clouds. That's going to be a cool trip. I don't like the cold and snow and ice. But this is the best way to travel through the cold, snow and ice."
Beck led a straight line with Cinta, Risa, and Garth through the ground of thick snow in silence. After a few minutes, Cinta followed behind Beck and frowned. "Why do we appear like a column of tall and skinny arctic penguins today."
Risa was next and frowned at the back spine on her friend. "Shush, Cinta!"
Garth guarded the butthole on each one of his friends and shouted out loud with a smile. "Cross-country skiers use their own locomotion body power to scoot across the snowy terrain rather than using a human ski lift or a human snow bike. Cross-country skiing is used for sports, recreation, and transportation, in some countries."
"Shut it, Garth!" Cinta sneered and worked her set of girly muscles, too much, as she was a goddess, not a human athletic. "I don't understand. Why do we still run from the other god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind? We have been running for months. Both of the males possess a facial beard. I can't keep a set of manicured nails. What is your issue, Risa? Can't we stay in one place foreverly? Eventually, each one of the god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind will be tired and bored and then they will run away," she giggled with silliness.
Risa frowned. "Yes, we can stay in one place, when all of our enemies are dead and not buried, Cinta. We have had this discussion threat. Now, please, be quiet, Cinta. I wanna enjoy the snow and new landscape."
Garth continued to work his manly arm and leg muscles with delight, after fighting the gang of nasty paranormals, needing to burn off his stress. "Cross-country skiing is an excellent aerobic workout too. No single muscle is overstressed on the human or god body. Our current activity can last for hours and hours and hours while maintaining an elevated heart rate that strengths and improve your heart flow of blood."
Cinta frowned. "I had splatters of tiny pink tinted blood proteins on my dirty tee shirt from the New York City battle. Why would I have pink colored blood proteins on my shirt, Garth? That's strange. Would one of the aliens come from another planet that possessed weird body parts and pieces?"
Garth continued to ski and nodded. "Yeah, I agree. The Reptilian alien species are really a true reptile people with exterior shiny green scales over their tall rough body tissue and pink tinted blood proteins inside their veins. One of the dead alien girls hit you with her pink shot," Beck laughed with the others. "Cross-country skiing does not strain your tendons, ligaments, or muscle tissues. The other low-impact sports beside cross-country skiing include bicycling, swimming over hard impact running."
Cinta smiled. "We should perform a night fight, instead of a day one. That'd be a first. Our enemies might be surprise and become caught off guard. Then we could zoom in front of their mirror cloud portal and eliminate them all at once."
Garth smiled. "That's a good idea, Cinta. We should try a night fight."
Risa frowned. "The leader of the paranormals always calls out a retreat, after we have eliminated ninety-nine percent of their warriors."
Cinta frowned. "Who is the leader of the nasty gang of paranormals? Does anyone know that god-kind? Did he or she come from a rival god-kind clan. I still can't figure out the leader. Does anyone else see the leader?" No teen commented.
Garth continued to ski and smiled. "The word, ski, comes from the Old Norse word that means stick of wood." He passed the train station.

At 06:17 pm, on the side, a squat building in vanilla concrete stood at the foothill of the mountain. Lines of humans wiggled with family members and snapped digital photographs of the new landscape without talking to each other. One at a time, each unit approached an open window and paid for the train ride, entering a hole in the mountain side, still snapping pictures on their individual mobile telephone and then disappeared from the snow and cold weather.
Cinta viewed the squat building and then halted her motion over the snow that stopped Garth and Risa behind her. She smiled at humans with their personal mobile telephone. "Hey, Beck! You promised to buy me a mobile telephone the next time we landed."
Garth frowned. "We had that discussion thread, Cinta. No one gets a mobile telephone. It is a human invention that tracks the heat components on a human and a god and a goddess and an alien too. We don't wanna be found. Keeping moving, Cinta!"
She frowned. "We're here at our first destination. Stop lecturing, Garth! Stop leading, Beck!"
Beck continued to led and shouted back to her, "We keep moving, Cinta. We're not taking the train."
"Why not!"
Garth nodded. "There are humans on board the human train. We are moving from the village into the mountains. We need to shelter away from the humans, not near them, Cinta. We told you that earlier."
"Move it, Cinta!" Risa skied towards the back spine on Cinta without hitting the end of the skies.
"Where exactly is our next hideout?" Cinta started using her girly arm and leg muscles again frowning with fury at missing the human train that slowly climbed the 6,178 feet mountain side towards the peak.
"Not to, too far!" Garth laughed.
She frowned. "Where is not to, too far?"
"Not to, too far," Risa laughed.
She smiled. "The train ride would be safer, faster, warmer, and better than this pair of skies."
"We don't want the humans to see us." Beck said.
"Why are you doing this to me?" Cinta continued to ski with annoyance.
"I'll explain later," Beck worked his body and swiftly traveled ahead.
Garth continued to ski and started his lecture again with a smile. "The word, ski, comes from the Old Norse word that means stick of wood. The transportation of skiing started 600 B.C. in the modern day country of China, before the modern day Norway. The ancient skiers used one long pole or one spear plus the foot skis. The first skier with two poles started in the year 1741. The..."

At 06:36 pm, each paranormal teen swiftly skied with super-human strength and endurance viewing the five different mountain peaks that were covered in snow, arriving at the snowy valley foothill on the Gaustatoppen mountain range. Beck halted first and dropping down his pair of ski poles, whipping around one of the cloth bags, opening the bag. He pulled out a pair of climbing boots with a spiked toe for snow mountain climbing. He quickly changed from his snow boots into all of his climbing gear, presenting an ice axe in each gloved hand, slowly limping through the thick piles of snow, stopping in front of the rocky cliff. He looked up and smiled at the difficult and dangerous steep slope, numerous scattered protruded rock ledges, and many packed snow banks, shouting out loud to his friends. "This way! Follow me! Remove your skis. This is our first destination."
"What!" Cinta stopped and stared at the tall mountain cliff that was covered in snow, rock ledges and ice. She didn't need her goddess powers. "Where is our hideout hiding, Beck? I only see a mountain and a mountain and a mountain and a sky and a sky and a sky and sunlight and sunlight and sunlight. This is nothing, but a large rock boulder covered in snowflakes, Beck. What are we doing here?" Her boots covered her feet. Her fur coat covered her boy. Her gloves covered her hands. Her helmet protected her head. "What is this?"
"This is called a mountain which is covered in snow." Risa smiled at the mountain. Garth dropped down each bag and retrieved the snow climbing gear for his girl Risa. She slowly dressed for the next adventure along with Garth in silence.
Beck fiddled with the new snow climbing gear and shouted out loud. "Move it! Don your ice climbing gear that I had handed out earlier. Follow me up the cliff side."
Cinta lifted her hand and smiled at the top of the cliff. "I can use my goddess powers and swiftly float upwards beside the cliff without perturbing the pretty snow and slick ice."
"No magic, Cinta!" Garth sneered at his sister.
Beck stood in front of the solid sheet of ice and slammed his hand-held ice axe into the ice, hearing the crack, feeling the cold air. "We are going to climb the mountain to the peak, where we will find out new hideout."
"No!" Cinta stomped both of her snow boots and tossed both of her arms in the air, shouting out loud. "I am not climbing a mountain of ice. I am a goddess with goddess powers. I can use my goddess magic and float in the air to the top without getting wet and cold and ..."
"Not today, Cinta!" Garth spun around and sneered at his sister. "You possess ice climbing gear inside your bag. Grab you pair of hand-held ice axes and place on each ice climbing boot. Each boot contains a horizontal spiked toe blade that stabs into the rock that helps you climb upwards. Do it, too it, right now, Cinta!"
She dropped her hand and slapped the fur coat. "Fine! I'll climb up and then fall down and die at the bottom of the valley. And it'll be your fault, big brother." Cinta removed her pair of skis and left them in the snow pile moving ahead, kicking the piles of fresh snow from her walking legs and stopped in front of the cliff.
Garth spun back around and faced the sheet of ice, fiddling with his pair of ice axes. "No, you will not die either. All goddess-kind and alien-kind are very well balance life forms."
She spun around and padded back to her cloth bag, squatting down, rummaging through the gear and food snacks, pulling out each item, "Where is the rest of our climbing gear? Don't I need more of the human snow climbing mountain gear, such like, a long rope of natural fibers, a diaper sling, a pack of crackers, a loop for a body harness that's attached to Beck, Risa, and Garth."
Risa smiled at the mountain and the sky. "I only see sky, without clouds. This place is so beautiful," she reached out and touched the mountain gasping in shock. "This is a solid sheet of ice, not a mountain of rock."
"I do not wanna be attached or attacked by Cinta for any reason, man!" Garth laughed.
Risa laughed. "The snow gear is called crampons, Cinta."
"O tampons! I didn't know that Beck or Garth needed these slender things too," Cinta laughed.
Beck gasped in shock and flushed on his face, clearing his throat. "We are about to impart on a fun sport that overcomes gravity and flies upwards without a pair of wings, where any paranormal uses on a daily basis, but not us, right now," he laughed. "We are employing the art of ice climbing. Get out each one of your silver tinted ice axes and wear your pair of climbing boots with a spiked toe. You can see five different peaks. The highest point stands at 6,178 feet tall above sea level. We are climbing up to the shortest mountain peak which is called Branas that stands upright 1,860 feet high above sea level. Finish getting dressed and immediately start climbing up the sheet of ice on the mountain cliff." Beck slammed the first silver tinted hand-held ice axe through the rocky side, melting the snow and the ice. "Sometimes, you must leave behind the ringing telephone and the boring business meeting and visit a place with soul, light, beauty and energy," he started to scale the snowy mountain cliff first and continued to lecture to his three team mates.
Cinta stood upright from the snow and finished dressing, leaning down, whipping the bag onto her back spine. She spun around with a sour frown and faced the icy cliff, stumbling through the snow in the ice climbing boots, standing in front of the sheet of ice. She exhaled with annoyance and slammed the first ice axe into the icy rock, punching her spiked toe on the climbing shoe into the icy rock at the bottom, swiftly scaling the icy cliff, turning with a smile to see Risa and Garth, "Why do we appear as a semi-crooked line of tall and skinny polar bears?"
Risa frowned. "Shush, Cinta!"
Beck continued to climb and grunted out loud. "We are blending into the snowy white mountain side hiding from the humans and the others."
Cinta continued to climb and smiled. "Why are we hiding out from the others?"
Risa frowned. "Shut up, Risa!"
"It is a good question." She smiled.
Beck continued to climb and lectured. "Stab the right toe spike into the ice and the left foot into the ice and then balance..."
"We got it, Beck!" She frowned.
He smiled. "This is the time and space to reflect, think, relax. Make peace and feel silence within your living soul from a busy world of troubles, traumas, and trials. Our adventure begins here." He swiftly climbed the cliff side.
The air temperature was freezing. The sky was painted blue hue. The mountain was covered in white snow and glittering ice. The ground was covered in thick snow. Each one of his friends followed behind the butthole on a staggered and semi-crooked line below Beck.
Cinta was second and swiftly stabbed the first pick ice and then the second one into the rock with her girly goddess strength. "Our adventure began right after the Syzygy event. Did you miss it, Beck? Were you asleep? What planet do you live on? What bush plants are you eating? I am getting hot and heated. This bag is heavy also."
Beck yelled out loud. "Do not drop your bag, Cinta! You carry packages of food and beverages to share with all of us."
She laughed. "Are we there yet?"
Garth continued to climb and started his academic lecture. "The sport of alpine mountain climbing is conducted in snow, where the climber totes their camp sit on their back spine or dangles the pack down from their rope. Mountain climbing is a  hobby, not a sport, where a set of special rock or snow mountain gear including ropes, shoes, and axes, is required, until you are a nasty god-kin or goddess-kind or alien-kind," he laughed with the others. "Snow mountain climbing is a dangerous activity due to the change in weather conditions, such like, snowflakes, blizzards, avalanches, rock slides and the like," he chuckled with the others. "The fun sport of mountain climbing combines the other sports of hiking, walking, climbing and talking for Cinta," he chuckled. "The sport exercises lots of upper and lower body muscles, your back spine, your abdominal, your fingers, shoulders, arms, legs, feet, and toes which improves stamina and endurance and muscle strength. However, a single mountain climber will not burn off fat cells." Risa frowned. "That's a weird fact."
"This entire trip is weird, bizarre-o, and boring. Are we there yet, daddy?" Cinta frowned.
Garth smiled. "Since the beginning of time, a tall mountain held superstition, suspension and intrigue to the local natives. Thus, no human ever climbed the rock structure for fear of death from one of the ancient Greek or Roman or Hindu or another gods or goddesses or disguised alien. One brave Italian human, or maybe an alien, named Petrarch climbed up and stood on top of the 6,273 feet high mountain summit on Mount Ventoux on April 26th, in the year 1336. The first feat of historical mountaineering belong to Antoine de Ville in the year 1492. He and his team used ladder and ropes to reach the 6,841 peak height on Mont Aiguilles in the country of France. Today, 296 dead bodies had been recovered from their permanent death on Mount Everest along with 6,613 pounds of trash including plastic, tin cans, ancient tents, ropes, metal objects, tools, paper items, old clothes, and other ancient discharged or left or buried man-made items. However due to climate change, snow banks are melting very quickly and exposing more dead bodies that have slept their entire life inside the ice-coated graves. I guess that's why they call it, mine every rest," Garth laughed with the others. "An older experienced mountain climber has twenty-five percent risk or one-fourth of their life force to face death and then die on the mountain surface while enjoying their sport mountain climbing. A young climber only faces a death risk at 2.2 percent which results in a permanent death act. After thorough interviews, medical scientists concluded a mountain climber wished to remain on the mountain should they die, such like, a captain from a sinking ship.
"Do not include me on your list or in your survey, sir!" Risa laughed.
On the cliff side on the mountain, Cinta stopped her climb and complained, as usual. "Why are going upward this way with this method while ice climbing the side of frozen icy mountain cliff like a house roach? The wind is too strong. The snow is too thick on my feet and the air temperatures is the coldest in the land." She stripped off the fur coat and held in one arm, ripping off the wool vest and her wool shirt.
Risa parked slightly diagonal and below Beck, looking up to see a silly Cinta, laughing out loud, "What are you doing, Cinta? Is that new strip tease act for Beck?" She laughed with Garth.
"No! I'm heated and hot. My fur coat is too hot on my body with all of the other wool clothes suffocating my body," She dropped each clothing item from her body as it hit down  on top of the protruded rock and landed down in the snow.
"Get moving, goddess! We got a long way to go, before sunset." Beck started climbing again.
Cinta exhaled with annoyance. "I can't finish this using my girly human muscles."
Garth frowned. "You're a goddess with goddess powers. You can do this, Cinta. Get moving!"
She jerked the hand-held ice axe from the rock surface and reached up, stabbing the sharp teeth into the mountain cliff, slowly climbing upwards with a sour frown in silence mode.
Garth started to climb and slapped the teeth on his ice axe into the rock and smiled. "George Mallory asked his party of gentlemen around the circular table, one night, while drinking at the local pub, 'Why did you want to climb Mount Everest?' The other male voice retorted, 'Because, it's there!" These are the three most famous words in mountaineering history. Sadly, in the year 1924, a snow climbing expedition with George Mallory and Andrew Irvine failed to reach the summit, when both of the gentlemen disappeared in the snow storm and was never to be found. The summit on Mount Everest was reached in the month of May, on the date of twenty-ninth in the year 1953 by Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay from the south side of the mountain from the city of Nepal within the country of China. Mount Everest is the tallest mountain in the world rising at 29,035 feet into the clouds."
"Is that above or below sea level?" Cinta smiled.
"What!"
"Is the measurement of Mount Everest above or below sea level?"
"The measurement is above sea level. Everything is measured above sea level, Cinta."
She continued to climb without grunting but sweating. "Mauna Kea stands 13,796 feet above sea level and 19,700 feet below the Pacific Ocean's sea level at a grand total of 33,500 feet in height from base to peak. It is a mile taller than Mount Everest. Mauna Kea is an inactive volcano on the big island of Hawaii and is one million years old, when the Pacific tectonic plate shifted over the Hawaiian plume of magma coming from deep inside the Earth's core. The volcano last erupted with flowing lava magma 4,600 years ago."

At 08:08 pm, Beck laughed. "My girl Cinta is smart." He climbed upwards and crawled over the new ledge, standing upright with a smile, viewing the Branas mountain peak of 1,860 feet, whipping off the first cloth bag, opening the item and pulled out a pair of silver tinted snowshoes. He quickly slid them over each snow boot, slowly wobbling ahead over the slope on top of the thick snow towards a single structure. He jumped over the small crack covered in snow on top of the rock surface. "Watch the cracks within the rock base! Don't break your mama's back! Watch for loose rocks beside the cracks. Don't break your leg," he laughed with the others.
Cinta climbed onto the ledge and stood upright with a smile. The table top surface was covered in thick snow, without a single tree or plant. Underneath the snow, the ground held solid rock and loose rocks breaking off during the harsh wind and heated sunlight. Then she remembered this mountain site was part of the ski pathway that was difficult and dangerous. At the moment, no one was skiing down the sloped mountain side. She whipped her narrow and long wet white tinted cloth bag down on top of the fresh snow, opening the pouch, placing her pair of new snow shoes over her wet snow boots. She jerked the bag from the snow and back onto the spine, slowly wobbling over the thick carpet of snow. "We are polluting the pretty snowflakes, ya'll!"
"The humans beat us to it!" Garth sneered.
She smiled. "How do you know about this place, Beck?"
Beck continued to led and laughed out loud. "I do believe it is called a mobile telephone."
She continued to limp over the thick snow and frowned at his back spine. "I don't possess a mobile telephone."
Garth appeared on top of the cliff ledge and whipped out his cloth bag, looking for his pair of snowshoes. "The mobile telephone store does," he laughed with the others, but Cinta.
Risa slowly dressed in her pair of snowshoes and then wobbled ahead on the sloped hill over the thick snow also, turning with a smile to view the skyline, the clouds, the mountain top, and the valley floor in silence.
Beck continued to wobble ahead with a smile. "The other side of the mountain peak is a busy tourist attraction containing a restaurant of food for the humans. We're are hiking the steeper back side on the mountain, which is more beautiful and very peaceful for us, who hides from our enemies."
Garth started wobbling ahead and padded a few feet from Risa. She was tilting and wobbling side to side. He didn't want to fall down into the thick snow and could see the tiny structure in the far distance. He laughed with a smile. "So, you wanna go snowshoeing. A pair of snowshoes is like a pair of regular shoes. Place the left snowshoe on your left foot and the right snowshoe on your right foot, unlike Cinta, who has them on the wrong feet," he laughed with the other but Cinta. She stopped and looked down, slowly exchanging her snowshoes on the proper foot while softly cussing at her brother.
He continued to wobble over the snow with a smile. "If you can walk, then you can snowshoe. That's not really true. The act of walking slightly lifts each shoe sole up from the surface and slides the inner edges over each other avoiding an unnatural straddle gait. The forward movement of snowshoeing rolls the feet slightly to each side and performs an unnatural exaggerated stride that looks funnier than my sister Cinta. Snowshoe is footwear for walking over the snow that distributes the weight of the individual over a large area of snow ground, so the female down not sink into the snow like Cinta." Garth elegantly leaped up from the snow and spun around in the air, quickly glancing at his sister, completing the circle and landed back in his original position. He wobbled ahead and laughed out loud. "Cinta, can't you walk and talk at the same time?"
Cinta slowly wobbled over the thick snow and sometimes tilted her shoe and her body sideways while swiftly sinking down into the fresh powder of snow, cussing at her dilemma. She slowly wobbled through the snow and shouted out loud with annoyance. "What are we doing up here, again? We normally do not travel by feet and hand. My hands are chapped and my lips are chapped from the cold weather like a human girl."
He smiled. "You don't need a pair of snowshoes, if the snow is less than four inches. But at six inches deep, a pair of snowshoes balances and exercises your upright body for a long winter's walk during the daylight hours. Snowshoeing for one mile in thirty minutes burns up 475 calories without traveling up a sloped hill or toting a heavy pack on your back. So, Cinta, you are burning up 4,750 calories right here and right now, toting that heavy pack on your back, trying to climb this sloped slope, so you can keep your slim and trim body for your future husband Beck."
"Shut up, Garth!" Cinta panted from the deep snow truck and sloped hill using her super-human strength while lagging behind the rest of her friends and relatives.
He smiled. "The speed of snowshoeing is influenced by the snow conditions on your snowy pathway. You could speed at four miles-per-hour for slow snowshoeing or eight miles-per-hour at fast snowshoeing or go one mile-per-hour, like Cinta," he laughed with the others, but Cinta.
Beck yelled. "Speed up, girl!"
Garth smiled. "A snowshoer can wear a pair of jeans or a pair of snow pants, if the weather is super cold, like here and now. Pair the jeans with a long-sleeved tee shirt underneath a wool sweater fighting off the icy weather elements. Or just remove each layer of clothing, like Cinta is doing, right here and right now," he laughed. Risa and Beck spun around and frowned at Cinta.
Cinta had stopped in the snow and removed her wool sweater, exposing her long-sleeved tee shirt, wearing her pair of long johns, ditching her snow pants. She wrapped the fur coat around her cold body and started to wobble ahead again, softly cussing her situation. Beck and Risa rolled their eyeballs and then spun around, starting to wobble ahead through the thick snow towards the single structure.
Garth continued to wobble ahead with a smile. "The difference between the traditional wooden snowshoe versus the modern aluminum snowshoe ..."
"What! Where is the history of the snowshoe, snowshoeing, the snowshoer from the snobby narrator?" Cinta laughed.
He laughed. "The oldest snowshoe in the world has been found in the Dolomites from 3700 B.C."
Risa frowned. "Why did you ask him that question, Cinta?"
Beck smiled. "Because, she's here!" He laughed with the others, but Cinta.
Garth smiled. "The origin of snowshoeing and the age of first sewn snowshoe is unknown. British archeologist Jacqui Wood found a mummy in Central Asia with a wooden snowshoe inside its burial tomb from 6,000 years ago. However, the original wooden webbed, rounded snowshoe had been invented by the North American Indian tribes including Cree, Heuron, Inuit, Ojibwa, Algonquin, and Iroquois. The hunters tied the wooden snowshoe to their feet and walked over the thick snow without sinking down into the snow for hunting and trapping food. Each tribe developed the same type of walking snowshoe with a very different style. The Ojibwa Native American Indian tribe had performed snowshoe dances for the ancient gods and goddesses and also wore the snowshoes for hunting, before the arrival of horses. The adventurous, brave, bold Europeans explores during the colonial times here in the land of America and the modern day country of Canada had copied the Native American Indian snowshoe design to trap wild animals and trade merchandise goods with the natives and new colonists. During the French and Indian War, the French soldiers, the American Indian braves, and the British redcoats wore a pair of snowshoes and fought on top of four feet of snow which was called, The Battle of Snowshoes."
"Don't fib, Garth!" Cinta frowned.
"No. This is true history of snowshoeing which is probably older than history of virgins," he laughed with Beck. Cinta hissed. Risa sneered. Garth smiled. "The long story of snowshoes, the Native American Indian scouts saw the snowshoe hare with its oversized back white furry feet that enabled the bunny to hop up and jump quickly through the deep snow and then copied it. The end!" He laughed with the other. "But I must mention. A novice snowshoer will find both of their legs are impacted by the stressful forward motion and feel soreness for several days, after ending their first snowshoeing walk. Are you twin calf muscles aching, yet, Cinta?" He laughed with the others, but Cinta. She stopped and reached down, rubbing one of her aching muscles while sneering at her brother, standing upright with a sour frown, starting to wobble through the thick snow.
Garth continued ahead with a smile and lectured to the others. "A pair of old fashioned snowshoes are valued by some people due to the artisanship of the wooden construction. Sometimes, the ancient pair of used wooden snowshoes are used as wall decorations in numerous ski lodges throughout the world. Many new and older snowshoers might prefer the modern day aluminum-designed pair of snowshoes. There is a large group of dedicated snowshoers that like their wooden snowshoes. The wooden frames do not freeze like the metal ones. And the pair of wooden snowshoes are quiet during a hunt.
"In the year 1972, the modern day metal snowshoes were created with a hinged binding over the arches of the snow boots and a set of sharp cleats on the bottom of the new snowshoe. The new aluminum or stainless steel frame weighted less and provided better durability, required little maintenance and incorporated crampons ..."
"Tampons!" Cinta laughed. "Well, that is unique."
Garth frowned. "The new modern day snowshoes also are equipped with a heel-lifter to ascend a  hill during your walk when you meet a hill. The modern day snowshoes provide water resistance also. The latest invention is a pair of inflatable snowshoes for walking and climbing and fun. Walking forward in a pair of wooden or aluminum snowshoes is easy, but not turning around to walk back home. When you need to turn around in a pair of snowshoes, simply walk around in a small semi-circle and move in the opposite direction back towards your home. However, snowshoeing occurs in the snow on top of a steep slope and in the woodlands with the vicious wild animals. If you really need to turn around and go pee, you perform a kick turn by lifting one snowshoe high enough in the air while keeping the other snowshoe planted down in the snow for balance. Drop down the lifted snowshoe at a 90 degree right angle to the other one and then repeat the foot maneuver until you face the opposite or desired geographical direction," he quickly illustrated his words and faced Cinta, waving and winking at her with silliness.
She continued to wobble through the snow and stuck her tongue at her brother.
He slowly wobbled backwards and continued to lecture. "This foot maneuver is a lot easier with a pair of ski pole, but my poles are inside my bag on my back spine. Where are your pair of newly purchased ski poles, Cinta?" His sister did not comment but continued to wobble in the snow. Cinta had dropped her pair of skies and her pair of ski poles on the snowy ground in front of the mountain cliff, before scaling the solid sheet of ice, trashing the pretty landscape.
Garth smiled and then lifted up from the snow, spinning around in the air, landing back down on top of the snow. "Sharp pointy cleats have improved the traction on the modern day snowshoes and also has enhanced the climbing abilities of the snowshoer greatly on a very steep sloped of snow. When you approached a steep slope which is standing in my footpath right now, you perform a kick step, kicking the tow of the snowshoe into the pile of snow and create a set of cute snow stairs for Cinta to follow me without tripping over her two big feet, landing face down in the snow for a fourth or fifth time," he created a snow staircase with each toe on his snowshoes and laughed with the others, but Cinta. "As I ascend more of the steep sloped hill, I can employ the herringbone ski maneuver, which is used by all snow skiers. I walk up the steep snowy hill with each snowshoe spread outwards at an angle to increase my support and march uphill." He demonstrated the slick maneuver that Risa selected to employ wobbling up the snowy hilltop also. He smiled and continued to march uphill behind Beck and ahead of Risa and Cinta. "Now, I have nicely demonstrated going uphill in a pair of snowshoes through the snow. What comes up must come down!" He lifted up from the snow again with laughter and spun around in the air with a smile using his super-human strength, landing down in the snow but did not sink into the ground, due to the pair of snowshoes. He swiftly dropped down on his butthole with laughter and lifted both of his snowshoes in the air, tossing his arms in the air, yelling out loud with fun.
Beck stopped and spun around using his super-human strength on top of the snow, staring at Garth, laughing out loud. Risa stopped and laughed at Garth also.
Garth quickly slid back down the snowy hilltop and shouted out loud with fun. "The best method to speedy return back down a steep snowy hill, which rests your two calf muscles, is sliding down on your butthole," he continued to slid and laughed out loud, veering his buttocks pathway towards his sister, who was not smiling but cussing at her brother.
Risa could not swing her body around fast enough but watched behind her collar bone, gasping in shock, yelling out loud. "Look out, Cinta and Garth!"
Garth collided into an upright Cinta at her waistline, hugging her body, without harm, dropping both of them down into the thick snow and created a deep, cozy snow pit. He laughed out loud with the fun activity and slowly stood upright, extending a hand to his sister. Cinta slowly struggled to stand and cussed out loud, slapping his hand away from her face while hissing at her evil brother.
Garth spun around from Cinta and slowly crawled out from the snow pit, walking back up the hill with each snowshoe spread outwards at an angle increasing his speed, marching up the hill and passed Risa again. He smiled. "Glissading the trail on your butthole does not damage the walking trail but packs the snow down for a later walk or run. In situations of an emergency like a bear on your butthole, a snowshoer can run downhill in exaggerated steps, sliding over the snow, which is called step sliding. If you possessed a pair of ski poles, each technique would run smoother.

At 09:09 pm, Beck swung around with a smile, wobbled up the steep hill of snow and stopped at the lip, staring at a lumpy rock-covered tiny entranceway that was surrounded by piles of thick snow and pointed with a smile at the single structure. "Our new home base is here."
The front face on the tiny structure exhibited an isosceles trapezoid formation. The rooftop was flat and half the length of the longer foundation floor wearing a layer of individual flat slab in black tinted rocks over the area. Each side wall gently sloped outward but displayed the same height wearing a set of the same individual flat slab in black tinted rocks covering the area. In the center of the foundation floor, a doormat of the same individual flat slabs in black tinted smooth rock material extended four feet into the snowy ground. A tiny entrance door in black tinted wood stood inches down from the flat rooftop line and blocked the four interior walls from view.
Garth marched up the steep hill and stood a few feet from Beck smiling at the structure. He leaned over and lifted Risa from the snow, placing her beside his rib cage. She exhaled with relieve and stared at the structure in silence.
Cinta finally appeared on top of the lip and stood beside Beck, gasping at the tiny structure. "What is that? A... a... a..."
"... isosceles trapezoid house ..." Garth laughed and leaned over cuddling Risa while smiling at the structure too. "The word, trapezium, is a Latin word that means a foot, an end, a border, and an edge. Well, I see a four-foot tall front door of solid wood on a four and one-half entrance wall. I stand six foot plus and mighty. I don't think I can fit through that tiny door without breaking something on me and that short entrance wall," He laughed with the others.
Risa frowned. "What is that stuff around the structure? Are the flat slabs made of concrete?"
Beck nodded. "Each slab has been hand-curved by a human hand and then glued onto the side wall of concrete. Each slab is really gray tinted limestone rock that has not been polished and abuse by the harsh weather elements here."
Cinta frowned. "What is that thing?"
Beck laughed. "This structure is called a hut, my dear!"
Garth smiled. "A mountain hut in the country of France is called a refuges. A rifugi in the country of Italy, a cabanes in the country of Switzerland, a hutten in the country of Germany, a bothies in the country of Scotland, a chaty in the country of Slovakia, a refugios in the country of Spain, a hytte in the country of Norway."
Cinta reached down and removed each snowshoe while smiling with joy, carefully moving ahead over the flat walkway of rock slabs. "A hut! A hut! Each mountain hut on the mountain peak possesses a dining room with food and a dormitory which is equipped with a bed mattress, a warm blanket, a fluffy pillow for each guest. Each mountain hut is staffed with people, who serve fresh food and hot meals and mountain spring water, candy bars, cakes, pastries, beer, wine, hot chocolate, cold beverages and...and...more. The hut manager is called the guardian." She stopped and knocked on the black tinted wooden door with a smile. "Hello! We are here! Did you call for an appointment and reserved our room, Garth?"
Garth laughed and pulled out his pair of snow boots. "No."
She continued knocking with a smile land shouted out loud with anticipation of warm clothes, heated air, and warm food. "Hello! It is I. Hello, guardian! We are here! Please open the door!" She stopped knocking and examined the door, tossing both of her arms in the air. "Where's the door bell? I don't see a door bell. Doesn't every ancient door have a door bell?" She dropped her arms and slapped the side on the wood with annoyance.
"Uh! I don't believe that old door has a door bell, Cinta. Move away from the door! We charge inside using the ancient method of attack." Beck moved ahead with a smile and slammed his shoulder into the wood sounding with a loud grunt of surprise, back stepping from the door with puzzlement, examining the ancient bolts. "Garth, I need your muscles over here." He leaned over and shoved on the wood grunting out loud. Garth appeared and shoved on the door also, grunting loudly too. Slowly, the wood cracked open from the wooden door frame creaking with noise. They worked together and then shoved the door open.
Inside the interior room, Cinta rushed inside and gasped in shock, stopping a few feet from the open archway. "What is this?"
Beck entered next and stopped, standing beside Cinta, smiling at the warmer shelter rather than a cloth tent or a snow cave. Risa entered next. Garth moved ahead and spun around, closing the heavy door back into the doorway blocking out the cold air. The ceiling inside the hut was made of solid glass that captured and heated the small room of polished limestone rock without a single piece of furniture.
"Where is my soft bed mattress, my warm blanket, my sleeping pillow, my servants, my plate of hot food?" Cinta huffed in frustration and scanned the tiny naked room.
Beck spun around and viewed Risa and Garth only, "I will employ a mountaineering term as Garth has been educating us all day with the new concept. This is a divvy, bivvy spot or makeshift sleeping arrangement for the team of climbers, who need shelter, food and sleep bags. Pull out your food stuff and place in the northern wall corner away from the heated sunrays. Pile your wet clothes into the southern wall corner to dry in the heated sunrays. And reverse your travel cloth bag which is really a sleeping bag that goes down on the hard floor for your hard bone skull and non-broken bones within your tired body." Each teen went to work with their instructions clearing out their cloth bag, selecting an empty spot on top of the warm floor and then finished their task. Garth moved ahead with a smile of curiosity and explored the rest of the space behind the forward wall.
Risa and Cinta headed outside to view the mountain peak and stopped at the end of the rock front porch feeling the cold breeze a face and flowing through the hair roots, squinting each eyelids at the bright rays of light and stood in silence of God's art work.
Risa smiled and pointed at each lovely Mother Nature and some human-made objects. "I can view all of the lakes with fish, all of the rolling hills, and rows of tiny houses on the valley floor."
Cinta frowned with her bad attitude of annoyance and frustration at the clear blue sky. "The lake is frozen water. The rolling hills are covered in three feet of thick snow. And each ground house in vanilla concrete is filled with food and humans. What are we doing up here at 1,860 feet from the Earth's surface again?"
She smiled. "This mountain view at 1,860 feet high is breathtaking."
"Yes, I can't breathe. It take my breath away from my lungs," Cinta gagged and then coughed out loud for amusement.
She extended her arms in the air and breathed deeply, "I feel so alive here."
Cinta sneered. "I feel so cold and wet."
The entrance door opened and revealed Garth. He moved ahead and distributed cups of hot chocolate and a protein bar to each girl, standing beside Risa, consuming the food items, slowly twirling around with a smile and absorbed the snow, the sky, the stillness, narrating the information to his friends. "The first word gaut is an Old Norse word that means flooded place and the second word stoo means landing place for boat that creates the name of the mountain, Gaustatoppen. This..."
"I'm cold." Cinta spun around with a sour frown and finished the protein bar, slowly moving ahead towards the closed door without stopping, kicking the door open with her snow boot and then screamed in shock.
Risa and Garth quickly spun around with a gasp of worry and dashed ahead, stopping beside Risa, viewing the room. In the middle of the polished yellow tinted zircon floor, a narrow cloth bag was opened and revealed a blue tinted dead body with a head of black tinted hair. Beck sat on both of his two kneecaps in front of the hair roots of black hue on the dead female, jamming his longest middle finger pad into the eardrum on the dead body and then listened, staring down at her blue-tinted face. He slowly wiggling and emerging the rest of his hand through her blue tinted skin tissue, her eardrum, touching her brain cells.
"I'm about to vomit up my food," Cinta entered inside first and stopped, sitting down on top of her cloth bag, staring at the dead girl and then Beck. She held an empty cup.
Garth laughed out loud and shuffled with Risa through the open archway. Risa accepted the empty cup from Garth, slowly moved ahead with intrigue and then stopped, sitting down her cloth bag, staring at Beck and the dead girl. "Ugh! A body!"
Garth spun around and quickly closed the door, blocking out the strong wind, the shower of snowflakes, and the bright sunlight, spinning around with a smile, moving ahead and sat down beside his girl. He cuddled Risa and stared at Beck and the dead girl,  pointing down at the item. "That's a dead body inside a cloth bag. You toted two cloth bags on your back spine during our trek from the retail shop, over the snow, up the mountain cliff, over the mountain peak, and inside here. When did you kill that girl? Why didn't you call me for some help, pal?"
"He didn't need any help, darling! The girl is dead and lying inside his cloth bag." Risa nodded.
Cinta gasped in shock and pointed down at the dead girl. "Wait! You...you had been toting a dead body over your back spine up that mountain cliff, instead of me," she frowned in angry.
Beck removed his middle finger pad from her eardrum and leaned down stabbing his thumb pad down into one of her eyeballs, sinking his warm tissue down into her cold tissue touching her brain cells.
Cinta gagged and then coughed out loud, covering her mouth and stood upright from the floor, slowly scooting around her three friends. "Ugh! You play with your dead body. I'm going to the lavatory to puke up my lunch."
Risa stared at the dead girl and Beck. "What are you doing to that dead body, Beck?" Garth stared in silence.
Beck placed the other thumb pad down into her other eyeball creating a soft slurping sound. Garth and Risa cringed in creepiness. Beck wiggled his thumb pad through her cold tissues and touched her brain cells of jelly-substance again, closing both of his two eyelids, saying with a stern face. "I see...see...see...nothing."  He opened his two eyelids and looked down at the girl, slowly removing both of his thumb pads creating a loud slurp sound. Risa and Garth both shivered in grossness. Beck whipped out his wet thumb pads and wiped female's wet body fluids on her cloth bag, exhaling with disappointment. "I was trying to access the last memories on my dead girlfriend. After death, the brain is still warm and holds a few colorful images of your last memories. Her last memory was my face."
Risa frowned. "Your dead girlfriend?"
Garth laughed out loud and yelled to his sister, who was exploring the clean lavatory. "Cinta, do you ever make Beck mad!" He chuckled alone.
Risa said. "How can you access the memories of a dead person, Beck?"
"It's a Seventh Son thing." Beck reached down and zipped up the cloth bag covering the dead girl.
Risa turned and frowned at Garth. "Can you do what he did?"
"Naw! I don't trust the dead for anything." Garth laughed. "How did you capture a dead goddess? I thought each god-kind and goddess-kind and alien-kind turned into colored powder from our power beams? So, why did you capture a live goddess?"
She returned back and stared at the cloth bag with the dead girl. "What are you going to do with that dead body?"
Beck wiped his hands onto a clean cloth and looked up to see Risa. "I'll bury her under the snow shortly," he stood upright from the floor and leaned down, lifting the body in the air, moving ahead towards the door. He opened the door and tossed the cloth bag with the body onto the thick snow, closing the door, moving back to his cloth bag. "Usually, each one of our enemies puffs into a powder. But I purposefully hit her last with a minor beam ball that didn't disintegrate her body but killed her soul, catching her falling body before another god-kind get her. Then I created the mirror cloud portal and exited first. After hitting the snowy ground here at the village of Rjukan, I raced ahead of ya'll and quickly buried her body in the snow and purchased a lovely body bag and wrapped her inside. Then I signaled ya'll across the way. Now, we are all here inside a tiny hut with a dead body. The end!" He laughed with Garth.
Cinta appeared beside the forward with a sour frown and returned back to her cloth bag, sitting down in silence, staring at her three friends.
Beck clapped and nodded with a smile to each teen. "Now, we need a new plan to rid all of our of god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind unkindly kinfolks from our buttholes, who had survived the Syzygy event."
Cinta sneered. "I am not kin or kind to any of these nasty paranormal peoples."
He nodded. "Actually, we are all kin and kindly related to one or more of the associated clans. Thus, we are the distance family members related by biological cousin genes. Some of our clan males and females are nice or naughty or nasty. I do believe that each one of my god clan males and females are all nasty. So I need to eliminate them off my butthole, before I can enjoy my new life."
"Amen to that statement!" Risa nodded with a stern face.
Cinta nodded. "I still don't understand. If we are all kin and unkind clan men and women, why are they chasing after us? Why can't we all become friends and act nice and not visit on Easter, Fourth of July or Christmas day? Then, we can live happily ever after," she smiled.
"Me!" Garth slapped his chest with a silly grin.
"What is, me?" Cinta frowned at her brother.
Risa gasped in alarm. "Why is the gang of nasty paranormals after you, Garth? Now, I don't understand any of this either." 
Garth pointed at Beck and slapped his chest again. "Beck and I are a pair of Seventh Sons from a different clan. Each one of us is actually related to our respective clan members as our genes comes from each one. He and I were born with extra magical power that does not include our handsomeness," he laughed with Beck. "Our genes including our blood proteins, skin tissues, guts, and organs are very special to us and to them. If a Seventh Son is captured alive and breathing, then each one of the god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind will display our blood proteins as a necklace on their naked throat, dangling each severed finger from each earlobe and nose hole and pretty much chop up our dead body parts and eat them for the evening dinner meal."
Risa frowned. "Will your bloody body parts double their magical powers also?"
"Naw! Just kill me dead!"
She slapped her legs with a nod. "Then I need to fight for my man, so he doesn't become Garth stew for the suckers."
"No! Never! We fight for our women and our men." Beck laughed.
Cinta frowned. "Wait! I still don't understand here. If they are after only the Seventh Sons, then why do they fight with me and Risa? We are not a Seventh daughter."
Garth nodded. "The gang of nasty paranormals are trying to trace your goddess molecules and then figure out where you bunk with us."
She hissed. "They can't do that."
He laughed. "I know that. You know that. But they don't know that. So, they and us continue to fight while we continue to find a way to rid them from us and the planet."
Risa exhaled with worry. "If the gang of paranormal believe that they can capture a Seventh Son and then hang up each ripped out ..."
He slapped his body with a frown. "Ouch! That hurt, darling!" Garth laughed.
"... the blood veins, the body organs, the skin tissue, and the inner gust on their paranormal body. If they win this second civil war, then what will they do to the race of fragile, weaker humans?"
Beck clapped with a smile. "All right! End of the biology lesson. Now, I came up with the first idea to rid us of our enemies, which failed. I was going to see and then steal the secret hidden Alien Headquarters location from the dead goddess. But she didn't want to cooperative," he chuckled with the others.
Cinta frowned. "If I had a mobile telephone..."
Beck shook his bone skull. "We have discussed and lectured and debated the possession of a mobile telephone. They will track and find us."
She laughed. "Only the US Federal Government does that to their citizens, not the stupid paranormals."
Risa smiled. "We could drown them."
Garth laughed. "Have you ever heard of the Great Flood? The Source tried and then he failed. They are still here and doing well."
Cinta wrapped her body in her fur coat and smiled. "Can we freeze them inside the world's largest freezer?"
Risa laughed. "We sitting inside one of the world's natural freezer and freezer. Thus, we live and breathe," she leaned over and hugged Garth.
Garth nodded. "We can space them into outer space. We gather up the entire gang and squeak them into the cockpit and shoot that machine into the stars. There's a space launch today."
"Really!" Risa smiled.
"Really?" Beck frowned.
Garth smiled. "Really!"
Cinta frowned. "Not really! We can create a hurricane and blow them away."
Beck frowned. "Mother Nature is mad at the humans and utilizing her resources against all of them here on her planet. I do not want to make her mad at us too."
Risa nodded. "I agree with that logic. We can't use and abuse fire, ice, wind, rain, water, or sun. All of these weather elements belong to Mother Nature also."
Cinta slapped her hand down on her leg wearing a sour frown. "What do we do now? We keep running from city to city, wilderness to wilderness. We've been running and then turning to fight our enemies for months now. I'm tired of running. I sick of fighting. I want all of this to end. I wanna get married and start my new life, without running and fighting."
Beck smiled at Cinta. "After the civil war ends, we can get married, Cinta."
She frowned. "I want the war to end right now! Let's end the war right now! How do we end the war right now?"
Risa nodded. "I wanna know this. How do you keep finding us?"
Garth grinned. "I know."
Risa frowned. "You know what, darling?"
"I know how they keep finding us." He continued to smile in silence.
"Well, tell, belle!" Cinta sneered at her brother.
Garth smiled. "Beck and I discovered the why, the how, the where through experimentation. Beck and I would leave our hideout and walk outside, creating a mirror cloud portal and then jump down into an new place."
Cinta frowned. "When did you first conduct your experiment?"
Beck smiled. "Don't tell her, Beck!"
Garth frowned. "Why not!"
He laughed. "Cinta will toss her snow boot at her face, buddy!"
Cinta sneered. "When was the first experiment?"
He exhaled with worry. "The first experiment occurred in the city of Milano within the country of Italy."
"That place was really nice and salty." Risa giggled.
Cinta gasped in shock. "We had to leave like pronto, immediately, right after my short shopping trip. I left behind my new pair of Italian sandals, to boot."
Garth nodded. "Yeah, we did, because Beck and I had trigger the magical dust."
"What magical dust?" Risa frowned.
"When a goddess uses her magic, it leaves behind a scent and a scene of colorful dust. The magical dust slowly drifts from the ground, into the clouds, up towards the stratosphere, without evaporating or dissolving into nothingness. The dust shines or glows in color from each paranormal, where another pair of paranormal, not human eyeballs can see and then trace the original trail back to the original paranormal."
Risa gasped in fear. "You did that experiment on purpose. We almost get us killed that night."
He leaned over and kissed her lips, pulling back with a stern face. "We didn't mean to do that. And we all escaped ..."
"...again..." Cinta frowned.
He nodded. "Beck and I wanted to figure out how they were finding us after each jump."
Beck nodded. "On the second experiment, Garth and I swiftly jogged away using our super human strength and endurance about twenty miles south from our new hideout. Then we used the mirror cloud portal and jumped down into the city of Vancouver, within the country of Canada. Then a second mirror cloud portal appeared and dumped out numerous god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind for a fight. Beck and I leave the scene returning back to our original spot without being followed."
Risa shook her curls. "We always travel by mist through the mirror cloud portal. How can they find us?"
"When we leave the battle through our mirror portal mist, it locks them out and then dissolves and we are safe. When we leave our hideaway, the mist opens up and our magic dust drifts up in the stratosphere that alerts our enemies. Thus, they always drop down into our party for a fight."
"Then we live here for the rest of our lives. We are safe. They are not here." Risa smiled.
"No!" Cinta frowned. "Then can we travel first person and then a second person a few hours later."
"No!" Beck frowned. "Each one of us possesses and displays our magic dust which can be found by them."
Cinta frowned.  "O! That's why I can't use my goddess powers, which creates my personal magic dust and signals my personal location. Why didn't you, two tell us all this new information?"
"We're still in the experimental stage. We're still trying to figure out how to eliminate our enemies and live a normal live like a human. On our third experiment, we stole and drove a sports car driving one hundred miles away from our hideout. Then we used the mirror cloud portal and drove down into Billings, Montana. They found us."
She exhaled with worry. "Well, we are really screwed for the rest of our lives, until our deaths."
"No, Cinta! We're not screwed. But Beck and I learned new information. We cannot use our magic for any reason."
Risa nodded. "We do not use our magic. Period!"
"Then we're stuck running and then fighting and then escaping foreverly." Cinta frowned.
 Beck smiled. "We are on a vacation throughout the world. We are here inside this tiny hut to re-group and plan a final death act on our enemies." 
Garth nodded. "As long as we do not use one tiny ounce of our god or alien powers and not create any magic dust, then we can exist here on the planet like a human."
Cinta nodded. "O! I see. That's why we had paid for winter clothes and snack foods, and other winter items with cash money, without using our goddess powers. How much cash money do you possess, Beck? We can't act like a human, without money."
Beck smiled. "I have plenty of cash. I'm rich."
"Why aren't we rich, too, Garth? We aren't humans."
Garth slapped his chest with a smile. "We are the invaders here coming from the stars, Cinta. We are the aliens from an alien race that crash-landed down here and decided to stay, not run or hide or leave or escape."
Beck nodded. "The god-kind and the goddess-kind were born here on the planet. Then, some of the more vile and vicious gods and goddesses became more greedy and selfish murdering their own blood and then enslaving the humans for their purpose, a long time ago. When the numerous races of aliens invaded our home, a war broke out killing many. After years of war, the god-kind and alien-kind called a truce and blended into the human race. Then each god-kind and goddess-kind clan separated and formed their own tiny family unit living in different cities and towns throughout the world in peace, until the natural occurring Syzygy event happened. Then, a second civil war broke out that involved us and all of the other younglings. Our enemies are mostly made up of the youth, not the older paranormal creatures."
Risa slapped her hands on her kneecaps nodding with a smile. "We can't defeat them. We can't run from them. We don't wanna die. We wanna live. So, it is settled. We become humans."
Cinta frowned. "That's easy to say; but hard to do, Risa. I've been a paranormal all of my life, since my birth. I can't live without using my powers."
She nodded. "You can try to live without your powers, Cinta."
Cinta shook her curls with a smile. "I am a goddess with goddess powers." 
Garth narrated with a stern face to each teen. "Gaustatoppen is the tallest mountain in the county Telemark within the country of Norway and overviews the municipality of Rjukan and also one-sixth of the southern mainland from the 6,178 foot peak. During the wintertime, the mountain provides downhill skiing trail which is marked by poles traveling down the most difficult and dangerous southern slope that leads back to the valley station. The couloirs are steep with an angle of 52 degrees, before slowly evening out. The snow is covered in solid hard rock and loose stones. Strong winds around the mountain peak lead to snow conditions fast from day to day.
"The current tourist attraction train is housed inside the mountain cave with rows of interior railways that had been used by the military forces decades ago. The blue tinted commuter train on the railway tracks ascends from the base at the mountain foothill traveling upwards almost to the summit peak to a restaurant that serves waffles and cups of coffee. The tall physical tower on top of the mountain peak is deactivated and had been a military radio relay station that had an interior radio station used by the military forces," he pointed to the valley of frozen water. "The Rjukan Rift Basin had been formed in the Mesoproterozoic Era on the Laurentian border from the Columbia supercontinent. Mesoproterozoic Era was the first sign of geologic activity here on the planet that had occurred 1600 million years ago. All of the separated continents existed back then are the same ones that exist right now. This era exhibited the breakup of the Columbia supercontinent, the formation of the Rodinia supercontinent, and the explosion of sexually production."
"What!" Beck laughed.
"What does that mean, sexually production?" Risa smiled.
"What are you mumbling about over there, Garth?" Cinta frowned at the pretty snow.
Garth continued to smile. "Ya'll possess a dirty mind. 1600 million of years ago only the bacteria existed and started to reproduced with each other using germ cells, a sperm and an egg, creating little baby bacterium," he laughed with the others. He smiled. "Now, I wanna stop right here and explain. The first supercontinent was called the Pangaea which jammed all of the present continents into one landmass that had been told in the Holy Bible. However, the formation and the breakup of supercontinents had been cyclical from the beginning of time throughout Earth's geology history. All of this new information brings me back to the Gaustatoppen Mountain that stands 6,178 feet high in the clouds and covered in snow. After the Pangaea break-up like a bad marriage, it formed two supercontinents called the Laurasia and the Gondwana. I did not make up these silly names, ya'll." He laughed with the others.
"The Laurasia supercontinent comprised all the modern day northern hemisphere continents of Europe, North American, and Asia, without India. Within the Laurasia supercontinent, there were smaller continents. As the tectonic plates shifted around the planet, the smaller continent of Laurentia with modern day United States and Canada collided into the smaller Baltica continent consisting of modern day countries of Scotland, Greenland and Norway. Thus, this modern day mountain had been part of that collision and covered in shallow, warm tropic water of 200 feet deep. Then 200 million years ago, the Laurasia supercontinent split between North America and Africa due to the actions of the tectonic plates, continental drift, and seafloor spreading, when a new body of salt water formed, the Atlantic Ocean. Greenland stuck to Canada and stayed with the United States. Then 55 million years ago, Europe split from North America."
"What is the boring point of your science lesson, Garth?" Cinta frowned at her brother.
He ignored his sister and continued the information. "In the Mesoproterozoic Era on the Laurentia continent, in addition to the constant continental and tectonic plate shifts, the first mountain building exploded creating the Grenville Orogeny. The Grenville Orogeny spans from the northern eastern tip within the North American continent coming down from the modern day Canadian province of Labrador all the way to the end of the country of Mexico. And the same mountain composition is included in northern Scotland, when the continents had been part of the Columbia supercontinent."
"What's your stupid point, Garth?" Cinta frowned.
"The Gaustatoppen mountain had broken off from the Columbia supercontinent 200 million years ago and floated around in the globe and then permanently settled here in shallow, tropic warm water less than 200 feet deep. The constant shifting of each tectonic plate had drained the warm water and changed the climate leaving a cold, snowy 6,178 feet mountain summit. Human scientists have been found zircon within the mountain core, which is the oldest mineral on the planet and is seen within igneous rocks, metamorphic rocks, grains in sedimentary rocks, and common in the constituent of beach and desert sands. This floor base of made of zircon rock which had been cut from the rock and then polish, resting here for a human. My valid point, today, right now, the Grenville Orogeny which had been created 200 million years ago is still restructuring her rock and dirt underneath the massive miles of mountain range. Every tectonic plate has been alive and active since the beginning of time and is also shift underneath the warm oceans water and fresh water springs right before the eyeballs and eardrums of the human race. The humans ignore Mother Nature and continue to dig up, tear up, and destroy the earth soil, the river system, the forestlands, and even the skyline while killing wildlife animals. The Source owns the planet. But the planet is guarded by Mother Nature and she is not happy with the race of humans. I wanna add one more geologic fact here, before I end my sermon. We live in the landmass called the United States of America, which is located on the North America continent, which underneath the North American tectonic plate consisting of North America, Canada, Greenland, the Arctic, and all of the ocean crusts that surround these countries. Back home, in the USA, the North America continent did not break apart but continued to float on top of the shallow, warm tropic water until it finally permanently settled down and stayed within the northern hemisphere, modern day USA and the surrounding countries. So, the North America plate still continues to move in a southwestern direction away from the Atlantic oceans through several hot spots. A hot spot is a volcanic region fed by underground hot magma streams that create a mantle plumes of lava underneath the land surface. eventually one or more hot spots will erupt and then all hell will surface and share the dirt with us. One of the hot spots is Yellowstone Park ..."
"This conversation is done!" Cinta reached down and pulled out two items holding near her smile, slowly standing upright from the floor. "Let's go and have some fun. There's a hot tub in the rear of this building. I was smarter than all and purchased two red colored bikinis for me and Risa. Let's go and get heated, Risa!"
Garth laughed. "What should one wear into a hot tub?"
"A naked body," Beck winked at Garth.
Cinta moved ahead with a smile and disappeared behind the forward wall, dressing inside the private lavatory first. On top of the main room floor, Risa gasped in surprise and swiftly stood upright from her cloth bag, following Cinta.
Inside the main floor, Beck stood upright from the cloth bag and padded towards the wall with the food items, selecting a couple of protein bars and a bottle of water, sitting back down and eating in silence.
Garth stared at the pile of food and stated with a stern face, slowly standing upright, moving to the food supply. "I share Cinta's frustration. I hail your efforts. I love Risa. I am not trying to be a Doubting Don here either." He leaned down and grabbed a food item and a warm beverage, spinning around, moving back to his cloth bag that was overlapping with Risa's and sat down. "I just wanted all of us to understand the race of humans rape and burn and torment the planet, animals, and natural resources which has pissed off both Mother Nature and the Source. And the race of humans must atone for their greedy selfishness, one day, in front of the Source, too. But I don't use and abuse the land or the animals or the humans or another visiting or birthed species here on the planet. I don't wanna do that trying to rid our buttholes from our enemies, who pick on the humans, the animals, and us. Mother Nature leads her fights, alone and lonely, without another set of invaders or strangers or friendlies or gods or goddesses or aliens. So, we must fight our fight alone and lonely, without her and her elements of fire, ice, wind, sky, rain and the Source."
Beck continued to eat his food. "Yes, I hear and obey your wise words, Garth."
Garth chewed the food and then swallowed, sipping on the warm beverage, nodding with a smile. "So, I have a new idea that does not involve Mother Nature. We send in a mole to infiltrate the enemy."
He gagged and then coughed out loud, mouth spitting the chewed food particles down on the floor. "Who?"
"Me!"
He continued to mouth spit more chewed food particles down on the floor and cleared his throat with a small croak of worry. "No! You are too well recognized."
Garth frowned. "No, I am not."
"Yes, you are."
"I might be recognized as me but I am a Seventh Son with Seventh Son talents." Garth winked with laughter to the other Seventh Son from a different race. Beck nodded in silence and continued to eat the food. Garth smiled. "I become wounded during the next battle fight with our enemies and then captured by them and then taken through their mirror cloud portal into their secret hidden Alien Headquarters. Once inside their place, I can signal you, Cinta, and Risa to come and rescue me from our enemies, if any of them are left alive and breathing," he laughed with Beck.
Beck nodded. "Look! That's a great fairy tale! Wonder if you are killed by one or many of them, then you planned failed and Risa will be very sad and unhappy. You're taking a big risk with a tiny outcome."
Garth ate and chewed the food, shaking his curls. "Well, we still don't have a good plan to rid our enemies from the planet."
He smiled. "Garth, I don't say I didn't approve of the plan. I just don't think a Seventh Son should become the mole and infiltrate the Alien Headquarters."
Garth frowned. "A Seventh Son hold more power than any of the other god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind. If you and I could enclose them inside a large room, then we could easily rid them from out buttholes."
He grinned. "We send in a non-Seventh Son as the mole to invade the Alien Headquarters and complete your goal. I was thinking of Cinta."
Garth nodded. "Cinta can handle the role as the mole. She is a strong goddess-kind. But I promise the other alien-kind will immediately recognize her face and know her. I don't know if any of our hometown girls or boys survived the Syzygy event. but if they did, Cinta is dead meat on the platter."
He nodded. "Risa is not known among the alien-kind. I mean, she had been a teenage human female there in our hometown of Apollo. I know from experience that the alien-kind only noticed and picked on the other gods and goddesses and pretty much let the humans become loud and annoying. Risa can become the mole and invade the Alien Headquarters and then signal us the secret location."
"No!" Garth hissed with fury regarding his girl.
"Yes!"
Garth shook his curls and sneered at Beck. "Nope!"
"Yeah!"
Garth stood upright from the floor and growled at Beck, pumping his two fists into an upcoming fight with his friend. "Naw! Never! Not happening with my girl, Beck!" Beck nodded in silence and started to eat the evening meal in silence.

At 10:10 pm, outside on the back patio, the females had dressed in an individual red tinted bikini and toted a cup of hot chocolate. Cinta led outside in the cold weather without the falling snowflakes and wore her fur coat around the bikini swimming outfit and stopped beside the hot tub.
The square-shaped hot tub was built in-between a flat slab of yellow tinted zircon rocks releasing tiny plumes of white tinted steam in the cold air currents.
Risa dashed from the open archway and yelled out loud with confusion. "Why did you wear your fur coat outside? How are you going to get into the hot tub without getting your coat wet?"
Cinta leaped up from the wet rock patio and hovered in the air, falling down in the hot tub with giggles, making a big splash of water that hit the patio and Risa, not the fur coat.
Risa stopped beside the hot tub and slid down into the sizzling water, moaning in pleasure, smiling with lust. "This feels so nice to my body. All of that physical exercise was hard on my muscles. I'll sleep so good tonight."
She frowned at Risa. "We want be sleeping here tonight. We just rest in one hot spot and then leave a few hours later and find a new cold stop. It's the same old death march. Run. Fight. Leave. Stay. Repeat. I'm sick of this stupid game. I wanna get married right now. Why can't I get married right now? Don't you wanna get married right now, Risa?"
Risa closed her two eyelashes and smiled feeling the heated body massager her body, "Listen!"
Cinta rolled her two eyeballs and then returned back looking down at the bubbling water, rippling the water. Risa smiled. "I can hear the festival music coming from the city of Rjukan."
"Well, of course, you can. The sunlight last for three whole hours during the day. Then everyone dances, eats, and parties during the evening hours before going to bed at six o'clock," Cinta laughed.
Risa slapped the water towards her friend. "Why are you so ill and mean and rude and unpleasant, tonight, Cinta?"
She frowned. "I...I am not ill. I feel fit and fine."
"Answer me, Cinta!"
She exhaled with disappointment. "I'm not happy and gleeful and joyous. I didn't expect us to be running all over the world."
"We're being chased by some really nasty people that use magic which can kill us."
"I know that. I'm tired of running and then fighting and then escaping. Why can't we live on an island in the middle of the ocean water?"
"They can and will and would and could and do find us. Then we fight and run again. We need a fine and final plan to rid the world of these supernatural creatures, not us."
She nodded. "How do you do that?"
"That's why we are hiding out here in the snowy mountain peak and working on a fine and final plan. I agree with you, Cinta. I didn't expect to be running around the globe and destroying the city and then the farm and then a grove of trees, but I wanna survive. I wanna win. I wanna marry Garth."
She laughed. "Bingo is her name. I wanna marry Beck. I don't think he wants to marry me. I wanna, at least, get and gather my wedding supplies, so we can marry on the go, before the next touchdown into the next city, before they come for us. Don't you wanna marry on the go, too, Risa?"
Risa smiled. "I'm happy and having fun with Garth while we can enjoy our fun time together."
She frowned. "I'm not having fun. I'm not happy. I wanna leave and hide in a new spot, without the action, drama, blood, explosions, screams ..."
"I feel you, Cinta. Look! I do not wanna talk about fighting. The nighttime moonlight is beautiful. I wanna talk about fun." Cinta stood upright and sneered down at the wet brown tinted hair roots on her friend. Risa looked up and smiled. "Where are you going, Cinta?"
She spun around and faced the door. "I'm outta of hot chocolate. Do you want another cup?"
"Yes, please!" Risa smiled through the glass window and viewed Garth. "Are you coming back into the hot tub?"
"No."
"Could you please send Garth out here with my cup of hot chocolate, Cinta?" 
"Yeah!" Cinta entered the cabin with a sour frown.
Risa continued to sit in the hot tub and viewed the valley down below with her alien girl vision, smiling at the happy musical songs.
Thursday, December 12th


Norway mountain hut location
Cold air temperatures and moonlight with twinkling stars
12:01 am


At midnight, inside the mountain hut, Beck and Garth had finished their evening meal and started cleaning the tiny hut in silence while pondering a plan to rid of their enemy.
Cinta appeared from behind the forward wall and stood in silence. "A new day, there are not sounds, no grunts, no moans, no cheers, no claps, no nothing inside here. What is wrong? What has happened?"
Beck scooted around the room and sat down on top of his cloth bag, pointing at her cloth bag. "I'm so glad that Cinta is here. Come inside and sit down, Cinta! Garth and I have a grand plan for getting rid of our enemies."
Cinta shuffled ahead with a smile and sat down on top of her cloth bag, wearing the fur coat over her naked body. Her wet bikini was hanging in the lavatory. She didn't feel like conversing with happy Risa. Cinta wanted the fighting to end so she could marry and start her new life with Beck. If Beck had a new plan to end the war, she was ready to participate.
Garth growled in disapproval at Beck while knowing the plan, scooting around, sitting down on top of his cloth bag while staring with an angry face at Beck while softly hissing and then growling and then snarling.
Beck nodded with a smile to Cinta. "Garth has clearly outlined we can't use and abuse Mother Nature, the planet, the humans, the animals ..."
She frowned. "I know that too. What is the plan? When is the plan? Where is the plan?"
"Risa is going to become a mole and infiltrate our enemies while finding their secret location of their Alien Headquarters."
"What! No!" She gasped in shock. "You are not sending in my best friend as a mole," she viewed Garth. "Do you approve, Garth?"
"No!" Garth sneered at Beck.
Beck nodded. "We don't have another option here, Cinta. I thought you would approve too. We are running from time and space, without any other options. We have to do something right now and right here. Else, we'll continue to run and hide without end."
Cinta nodded with a smile to her brother. "I suggest that we send in Garth as the mole within the nasty gang of vile and vicious paranormals. He's big and strong and hated by all the paranormals," she laughed with Beck.
"You're nasty tongue, Cinta!" Garth growled at his sister.
She lifted her hand and tapped her ring finger. "Well, if I ever get a diamond engagement ring on this particular finger, than I might become nicer and funnier."
Beck smiled. "After the civil war has ended, I promise you a diamond engagement ring and a wedding ceremony, Cinta."
Cinta exhaled with worry. "So, what does the mole do inside the secret Alien Headquarters?"
He nodded. "Risa just follows the other paranormals through their mirror cloud portal."
She gasped in worry. "Can Risa actually use another mirror cloud portal? Will she become injured or harmed after jumping through a different one?"
"No! A mirror cloud portal is created by any paranormal, not a young child, as a transport tool that flies across the globe into another city or country. It is only a cloud of colorful dust that does not harm any paranormal."
She shook her curls with a stern face. "Risa will not volunteer as the mole. She will not do this new mission. It's too risky for Garth," she laughed. "Risa could get killed, after signaling us the location of the secret Alien Headquarters and then she would never get to marry Garth. Look! This is a brilliant plan, Beck. I like the concept. I would volunteer to go and become the mole but I know some of these alien-kind paranormals. I mean, they'll know me immediately. Each alien-kind ..."
"... possesses an aura that looks like a bowl of green tinted pea soup with tiny black spots or specks and smells like a bag of rotten strawberries. That was before we had engaged during the Syzygy event and then you turned into a lovely sweet smelling goddess." Beck laughed.
"What!" Cinta yelled in shock. Garth laughed and nodded in silence. Beck smiled with several head nods, blowing a fake kiss to Cinta. She exhaled with worry. "How long will Risa portray the role of the mole with our enemies?"
He nodded. "Until I can trace her magical dust through the stratosphere which will lead us directly to them ...."
"... and them directly back to us while hiding inside our new hideaway, also," Cinta frowned.
"What!" Garth frowned.
She exhaled with annoyance. "Look! During the Syzygy event, we became engaged or something magical between you and me, Beck. I am goddess with goddess power. You are a god with god powers. Thus, Garth and Risa had become engaged and something magical between him and her too. Risa had been a teenager human girl, without paranormal powers. Now, she possesses a great deal of paranormal talents, like me, who started out an infant baby life as an alien paranormal with alien talents. If engaged alien girl Risa leaves us and goes someplace else within the planet, any talented paranormal can track and then trace her floating magical dust back to her fiancé Garth. They are connected physically and metaphysically and emotionally and psychologically. You can't separate them without leaving a bunny trail," she giggled at her funny example.
Beck smiled. "Cinta is smart."
She nodded. "Risa is the perfect mole. The other alien-kind will recognize me and Garth. The other god-kind will love to face Beck in person. If Risa accepted the mission as the mole, then she would become scared. I'm scared for her talking about this dangerous mission. Once inside the secret Alien Headquarters, she could be tormented and tortured and then spill the truth about us, giving away our talents too. Then our enemies would know us better than we know them. This is a brilliant plan, only if Risa is there with her enemies for a very short period of time, like a couple of hours. Can you trace Risa's magical dust within a couple of hours after leaving us, Beck?"
"No." Beck frowned.
Silence filled the air waves.
Garth cleared his throat and smiled at Beck. "Beck is a genius. He selected the perfect hideout for us. The town of Rjukan lies between tow mountain in a valley beside rivers and lakes. The direction of the mountains and the height of the winter sunlight, the city receives no sunlight for six months out of the calendar year. This town is one of the darkest cities in the world."
Cinta gasped in shock at Beck. "Did you select this dark town on purpose, Beck? Six months within a twelve month calendar year is fifty percent of the day with the bright rays sunlight. Are you insane, Beck? Did you plan for us to stay here during the wintertime and sleep for six months?" Beck nodded with a wink to Garth which made Cinta mad.
Garth continued. "The wintertime weather starts in the month of September ..."
"This is the month of August." She gasped in shock.
He nodded. "The wintertime months between September and March produces tons of snow and the air temperature becomes so cold that the grass freezes due to the lack of sunrays."
"What! I wanna leave from here now and go someplace where the sunlight shines twenty-four hours per day." Cinta frowned. 
He nodded. "But there is a lighter subject of interest here. In the year 2013, the town of Rjukan constructed a set of reflection mirrors on top of one of the parallel mountains to deflect the sunlight down into the town. The mechanism employs three tall solar panels. Each solar panel is powered by solar and wind energy. Ain't that cool, Cinta?"
"No, it's too cold here for me!" She pouted and crossed her arms with angry.
"Each one of the three solar panel tracks the path of the sun and deflects the sunlight down on top of the town. I like that idea. I think we should stay and see that artificial bright ball that hangs on top of the mountain and drops down sunlight there in the city. This incredible work of engineering attracts thousands of people to Rjukan just to see the sunlight dance over the city streets in additional to the snow skiing, ice climbing, and snowshoeing and other winter sport activities. What do you think, Beck?"
Beck nodded with a smile and slapped his chest. "I am a genius. The townspeople say: when the sun becomes brighter, the town becomes darker. This geographical location is a real treasure. We can stay and enjoy the winter sports and drank cups of hot chocolate, grow fat and lazy, until the springtime. Maybe, the gang of nasty paranormals will forget about us."
Garth smiled. "The sun comes up at 6:35 in the morning and sets at 7:35 in the evening which is eleven hours of sunlight for the rest of August. That's okay with me! Is that okay with you, Beck?" Beck nodded with a smile at Cinta.
She gasped in shock and then frowned at Beck and then Garth. "All right! You had your little fun with me. We are not going to stay here for seven more months until springtime. We are leaving in a few minutes to go someplace else. So, what is the joke or the bomb or the issue here?"
Garth nodded with a stern face to Cinta. "Risa won't be scared, if she becomes the mole and enters the Alien Headquarters. She won't know to become scared."
Cinta frowned at her brother. "How do you know that, Garth?"
He exhaled with worry. " I can make Risa forget her alien personality."
Beck and Cinta gasped first and then shouted at the same time. "No!"
"Yes!" He smiled.
"Naw!" Beck frowned.
"Yeah!"
Cinta frowned. "How is that possible, Garth?"
Garth slapped his chest with a nod. "I possess some awesome powers. I can block all of Risa's memories of you, me, Beck, our hometown of Apollo, our high school..."
She frowned. "You cannot."
"I can."
She viewed Beck. "Can you block out another's mind like that with your powers, Beck?"
Beck smiled at Garth. "The alien is better than I."
Cinta frowned. "How many more talents does a Seventh Son possess over another alien-kind?"
"Lots!" Garth laughed.
Beck frowned. "So, what is the magic that blocks another's mind memories? Is it temporary or permanent?"
He nodded. "During sleepy time for a human or a god or a goddess or an alien or an animal or a insect or a reptile, the mind does not sleep, but stays active and awake. During the stillness of rest, the oxygen levels coming from the two lungs are reduced which relaxes the mind and then the body. The subconscious mind takes over and guards the body from harm. I am able to connect down into her subconscious mind, during her sleep period, and then access all of her memories including past lives, fetus development, birth event, and this morning. While I am inside her subconscious, I will temporary erase all of her related memories of me, you, and Beck from our individual or shared activities when we all lived there in our hometown Apollo coming forward in time to right here and right now here inside this tiny cold mountain hut. Risa will possess no knowledge of you, me, or Beck, which will save her life force from our enemies. Even if one talented paranormal could read her mind, in which, some of them possess that talent, then Risa will not have a single memory of us while making her life force just one of many lost, angry, and confused alien-kind paranormals there at the hidden Alien Headquarters."
"Wait!" She gasped in shock and clapped while nodding with a smile. "So, that happened to Risa on her seventeenth birthday at my house. She snuck into your private bedroom and stole a kiss from your lips, while you were asleep, but your subconscious was awake. Then, your subconscious involuntarily shared some of your magical alien talents with her, that night. Risa had started to morph into an alien life form from a teen human girl, that very night, at midnight. Did you know also?"
He smiled. "Sorta! I had guessed that was happening, when I was around Risa." 
Beck frowned. "What about her colorful magical dust that she produces during her journey through the mirror cloud portal that can be traced back to you, Garth?"
Garth smiled. "The colorful magical dust bunnies is part of your essence and connected to all and any, throughout the planet and the galaxy. Her magical dust will float out from her alien body, like normal, but it will not drift back to me. This is the reason that we can't trace a single one of the gods or goddesses or aliens, when they leave us through the mirror cloud portal. This is a survival tool for any paranormal."
Beck exhaled with worry. "I like this plan. I like Garth's talents. I didn't like that Risa does not possess her childhood and teenly memories of each one of us and her home town."
Cinta nodded. "All right! You have the alien talent to wipe out Risa's memories of us. How do you reactivate or reinstate her old memories of us? She is my best friend. And I want her to remember me."
Garth clapped with a smile. "Let's do this!"
She frowned. "Wait! How can you do this alien trick, Garth? I wanna know this new information, before we do this new dangerous mission."
Beck tossed his arms in the air. "Wait! This is still dangerous for Risa, who will not possess her memories. If she is sent out to battle with us ..."
"We're wasting time here." Garth stood upright from the cloth bag. "I'll go and use my Seventh Son talents and wipe out her memory. Then, we need to leave out from this tiny hut and land down inside a new city that we haven't destroyed yet," he chuckled alone and moved ahead, preparing two cups of hot chocolate for him and her, disappearing around the forward wall while feeling both thrilled and worried for his girl, his sister, and his friend.
Inside the main room, Beck stood upright from the cloth bag and exhaled with worry, moving ahead towards the closed door. "Cinta, come and help me bury that dead body." He opened and held the door for her allowing the cold air and bright sunlight into the room.
She stood upright from her cloth bag and moved ahead with a sour frown. "The humans will find that dead body."
He laughed. "Next spring, after all of the birds, bears, and beetles have eaten the flesh, bones, and guts." They exited the room and approached the body, finishing the task.

At 01:45 am, on the rear wall, Garth exited the building with a smile and toted two cups of hot chocolate, slowly approaching Risa. She continued to sit and enjoy the steamy water admiring the snow, the sky, the mountain peaks, and the valley below while slowly dancing to the cheery musical songs coming from the festival in the city of Rjukan.
He stopped and slid down into the steamy water, groaning from the heat, handing her cup of hot chocolate. He placed his cup on the lip of the tub without drinking the contents. "This tub is hot."
She accepted the cup and smiled at Garth. "Well, it's called a hot tub with hot water in the tub creating hotness and heat."
"Are you heated?"
She nodded. "Yes, I'm hotness and heated."
He reached over with a grin and touched her cup of hot chocolate, placing the cup beside his cup, leaning over, touching her nose bridge with his nose bridge. "Are you cold?"
She giggle with silliness. "No."
"Are you busy?"
"No."
"Are you happy?"
"No."
"Are you hunger?"
"No."
"Are you ticklish?" He reached down and started tickling each one her naked body part.
She giggled and shouted out loud. "No!"
"Are you cute?"
"No."
"Are you silly?"
"No!"
"Are you in love?"
"No!"
He grabbed her arms and hugged Risa into his chest, exhaling with worry. She tried to tickle his body parts, without success. He slowly pulled back and faked a smile of worry at her. "I love you, Risa."
"No." She giggled with silliness.
He leaned over and gently kissed her forehead, moving down to each eyebrow, then each eyelid, then each cheekbone, then her nose bridge bypassing her lips. He gently kissed her jaw line, then her naked throat, leaning down into her chest as Risa giggled with delight. He pulled back and smiled at her, leaning down, barely touching her lips, without a sweet kiss.
She whispered. "Aren't you going to ..."
He pulled back with a stern face and slammed his folded fist into her cheekbone, creating a nasty black tinted bruise. She didn't have time to scream or react to his vile attack falling forward down into his two arms in a state of unconsciousness. He lifted up her pretty face and leaned down, deeply kissing her lips while accessing her subconscious mind, removing her memory of him, Cinta, and Beck for her new mission as the mole into the Alien Headquarters. Once her memories were gone, he pulled back with a worried brow and whispered to her. "I love you, Risa. I promise I will find you again. Then, we'll get married and live happy foreverly." He hugged Risa and exhaled with deep worry for his girl.
This new mission was extremely dangerous for Risa. Garth wanted to go instead, but he would be discovered too quickly and then killed by the nasty gang of paranormals without mercy. Then he and Risa would never marry and live happily foreverly. This was the best plan, since months of running and fighting. 
Garth pulled back and cuddled Risa slowly climbing out from the hot tub, entering back into the mountain hut and appeared wet and worried beside the forward wall.
Inside the middle of the room, Cinta and Beck wore a clean outfit consisting of a long-sleeved white tee shirt, a pair of faded blue jeans, and their pair of unpolished and scruffy boots while waiting and watching Garth.
Garth moved ahead with an unconscious Risa without a word and stopped, placing her down on the cloth bag. No other paranormal should share their supernatural germs with her at the moment. He quickly dressed in a yellow tinted tee shirt, a pair of new blue jeans and wore his unpolished and scruffy cowboy boots, nodding to his friends in silence, creating a new mirror cloud portal on the side wall.
The portal exhibited a long oval shape and displayed numerous colorful sparks and streaks of vivid colors that indicated the transportation tool was operational.

At 02:02 am in the morning, Garth leaned down and lifted Risa from the floor, leaping from the floor, jumping into the mirror cloud portal. Cinta and Beck followed closer behind his back spine leaving the tiny mountain hut and the purchased human gear behind on the floor that one day would be found by the humans.
The mirror cloud portal closed and then disappeared from the side wall inside the mountain hut.



Same day, different world city with China time...

City of Beijing within the country of China
07:07 am
63˚ Fahrenheit air temperatures
Gray tinted fog with very dull sunrays without clouds


Behind one of the squat-shaped, white-tinted office buildings, Seventh Son and eighteen years old Garth landed down on the ground first and continued to cuddle an unconscious Risa, running down the vanilla colored sidewalk away from his two team mates for safety and hiding, swiftly using his alien talents and projected his tallness into a native image of Beijing within the country of China. His alien project appeared with a short and slender body frame, wearing a head of cropped black tinted hair, a tone of olive skin, a pair of brown eyes and a white tinted face mask over his nose and mouth while displaying a business suit in dark gray hue with a matching briefcase. Risa was disguised as the briefcase from the other natives.
On the sidewalk, the fog of gray tinted clouds clung to the lower air currents and obscured the face of each native also, who wore a white tinted face mask and as each one slowly padded to their place of business or shops without conversation or acknowledgment.
In the sky, from the mirror cloud portal, Cinta and Beck exited one-at-a-time and hovered in a thick mist of grey tinted clouds. Cinta whipped the mist from her face and then coughed out loud, covering her nose, talking funny. "Where I am? What nasty place is this?"
Beck coughed out loud and covered his nose holes talking funny also. "Garth is a genius. He has selected the city of Beijing, the sixth most polluted city in the world. The gray tinted clouds is smog that engulfs the city from day to night. When I look down from the sky, if I did not possess my supernatural eyeballs, then I could not see the streets or the humans. This city possess soil contamination with food crops, waste problems with plastics, electronic waste from computers and metal products, industrial air problems from factories and plants and ocean pollution from chemicals that affect the sea life. Garth had landed down first, before us. So, he's running away from us and planting Risa's unconscious body beside one of the buildings."
Cinta continued to hover and surveyed the nasty landscape without removing her hand, coughing out loud in-between her words. "With this nasty thick gray tinted fog, I hope the god-kind can find her unconscious body."
He continued to cover his nose holes and coughed in-between his words also, "Once we leave the new battle zone, they will see her ugly alien aura and then go and retrieve her. They need all the healthy bodies that can steal or recruit. We don't take prisoners and leave only body parts." He laughed and then coughed out loud from the thick nasty fog.
On the ground, Garth slowly walked down a busy sidewalk among the natives without trouble within the thick gray tinted fog, coughing out loud from the nasty air pollinates that hit his pair of healthy lungs and his two sensitive nose holes and then slowed his pace. He slowly turned down a new walkway and moved ahead several feet without the other natives and then stopped again, dropping Risa down on beside the building wall, removing the projection image on his girlfriend.
Risa appeared injured from the battle fight with the outlaws and has fallen down from the nasty skyline, landing down in-between the two office buildings within the gray tinted fog.
Garth squatted down and touched her body, providing a white tinted jumpsuit  over her body which was similar to one of the paranormals, so Risa could become part of the secret plan from Garth.
He leaned down and whispered for his eardrums only as she could not hear him. "I love you, Risa. I promise I'll find you again, even if it takes a lifetime." He stood upright and glanced at the side streets not seeing any natives, moving away from her, feeling worry, fear, and concern. He leaped up from the sidewalk and discarded his projection image, flying through the air waves in his natural body while hearing a loud boom of moving objects. He quickly flew ahead and halted, hovering several miles for Cinta and Beck for the upcoming battle flight with their enemies.
A second mirror cloud portal shined 20,000 feet above the gray tinted fog over the city of Beijing. A gang of nasty paranormals had quickly formed a colorful welcome mat of paranormal clouds for the four outlaws, stealing numerous human objects up from each office building or private house, tossing an array of colorful fiery weapon across the skyline. Some of the weapons swiftly burned itself into a fireball of color after absorbing some of the drifting man-made chemicals within the air currents of Beijing, without reaching Cinta, Beck, and Garth.
On the other side of the gray tinted skyline, Garth gasped in worry that their enemies might retreat the city and leave the nasty air space, which he wanted to do as soon as possible. He started sending out rays of pale blue beams into the line of colorful clouds, without actually killing the god-kind or goddess-kind or alien-king. He wounded each one, so the wounded paranormal creatures would drop down from their protective cloud and land down on top of the human street for a supernatural rescue. Cinta and Beck had figured out the issue here also and started sending their individual beams into the semi-crooked row of clouds, wounding each paranormal creature, not killing.
As more paranormal creatures dropped down with body wounds from the nasty skyline, the leader of the paranormals started the retreat, mentally calling each one back from the fight for another day with the clever outlaws. When this event started happening, Beck called forth his mirror cloud portal and then mentally signaled his two other team mates to escape. He entered the portal first. Cinta followed Beck.
Garth hovered a little longer and  used his alien eyeballs to view Risa for the last time. He got lucky. One of the goddess-kind had stopped Risa and was taking his girl from the side building wall, flying them safely back into the second mirror cloud portal that led back inside the Alien Headquarters.
Garth smiled and spun around, entering their mirror cloud portal, disappearing from the short and sweet battle fight in the city of Beijing within the country of China. The mirror cloud portal closed up and then dissolved into nothingness leaving the same gray tinted fog.



Same day, different world city with USA Pacific Time Zone...

City of Los Angeles within the US State of California
04:37 pm
72˚ Fahrenheit with sunny skies


Eighteen years old, Seventh Son of the god-kind clan, Beck led the other two outlaws through the air currents, exiting out from the mirror cloud portal tool and then he swiftly used his manual strength, smashing down through a broken white tinted tile rooftop on top of a damaged dull gray tinted, cider block, single story house, using both of his boot heels. He controlled his fall and landed down on top of an empty spot in the middle of the damaged living room, slowly standing upright with a smile and scanned the damaged house. “Well, this place looks safe.”
“Well, this place looks awful. Why in the universe do you always pick the worsest-looking structure on the city block, Beck? I got a goddess reputation to uphold and maintain,” Cinta slowly controlled her descending fall and traveled down from the mirror cloud, landing on her boot heels, scanning the room with a sour frown. She wiped her dirty hand on her dirty white tinted short-sleeved tee shirt, her dirty pair of faded and ripped blue jeans.
The four interior walls had been glued during the ancient past with a series of ratty wallpaper that displayed a white background with a repeating pattern that included a vertical row of golden colored tree leaves beside a red colored cherry fruit. The forward wall contained a very large window of cracked glass with one dirty drape hanging from the ceiling tiles in deep red hue. The other curtain drape was missing and exposed the beams of bright sunlight. The rear wall contained an arched doorway that led into another room in the middle of the space and surrounded by built-in book shelves that still contained lines of ancient books, ancient framed pictures, and ancient entertainment videos plus all of the electronic equipment pieces.
The two side walls displayed crooked rows with ugly or broken living room furniture pieces in dull blue hue or bright pink tone. The ceiling was tall and vaulted in dark wood and now contained an ugly jagged opening from Beck’s two boot heels, where Beck would be repairing the hole, before the next rain shower today. The floor displayed dull and unpolished oak floors.
Seventh Son from the alien-kind clan Garth slowly dropped down from the skyline with a smile and landed next to the two other house residents, looking down at the tiny creatures. “This is indeed a nice spot, Beck! No people, this time, only rats!” He laughed out loud and squatted down, scooping up the nest of frightened rodents. “I’ll move our new little friends into one of the back rooms, until we finally leave their place.” He slowly stood upright and cuddled the rodent family, strolling into another room, disappearing from Cinta and Beck.
“What city is this? Where are we located, this time, besides inside an old abandoned building again that smells like fingernail polish remover and a dozen bags of old stale bread rolls?” She rolled her eyeballs and then returned back, scanning the broken floor for a smashed rodent, without seeing one. “When is all of this mess going to end, Beck? I'm sick and tired of running away and getting chased by that nasty group of alien-kind and god-kind and goddess-kind.”
Beck moved ahead a few feet with a nod and then halted, using his god-kind strength, not his god-kind magic, lifting up numerous broken pieces of furniture with a heavy grunt. “We are here and we are alive. Risa is planted as the mole. Now, we're going to figure out a method and then rid the wonderful world plus the Milky Way Galaxy with all alien-kind and god-kind and goddess-kind, but us. Help me move all these busted pieces of furniture from the living room. And do not use your goddess-kind powers, Cinta! The living room setting is both grand and big which provides the best observation point and good protection for us while we build a supernatural killing machine.”
She spun around with a sour frown and shuffled a few feet, halting in front of the busted sofa, reaching down with a huff, using her female goddess-kind strength. She lifted up the vanilla colored sofa and tossed the heavy item into the far wall, breaking a new opening through the solid wall, depositing the sofa in the other room with a giggle of silliness.
Garth re-entered the living room and frowned at the new hole in the solid wall, turning to glair at his sister Cinta with annoyance. “Do not create more work for us, Cinta! And do not wake up the she-ghosts inside this abandoned house!”
She scooted sideways and lifted up two ancient chairs in orange colored hue with her goddess strength and a giggle, tossing the two items through the same hole, depositing in the same room. “This ugly place is too ugly for a she-ghost. They like to haunt pretty places,” she laughed and continued working as ordered by her fiancé Beck.
Beck quickly accumulated and placed each one of the broken pieces of furniture from his side of the living room inside a different room, clearing the living room for their urgent god-kind work. Garth stopped and scanned the room with a nod in silence. Beck spun around and motioned with his hand, “Garth, come over here and help me move this billiards table. We need a long table to conduct our work.”
She continued to clear the room and frowned with annoyance. “I’ll hungry and dirty. Can’t we rest our bruised and battered and tired bodies, before staring our supernatural work. What is our goddess-kind work? What are you talking about, Beck? And why did you pick this ugly house, Beck? Coming out from the mirror cloud, I spotted a nice tall and pretty hotel a few miles from here along the same city street. We could've stayed pretty there using your cash money, like a human girl, instead of the ugliness here. Where are we located anyways?”
Beck and Garth returned back into the living room and grunted in unison, toting the large billiards table with several items on top, sitting the furniture piece in the middle of the empty room. Beck leaned over and caressed the green tinted soft bed cloth with a smile. “Yeah, this thing will do nicely.”
Garth stood upright from the billiards table and exhaled with worry, reaching over, lifting off the other objects from the green tinted bed cloth, sitting each item behind his back spine. He spun around and stared at the back spine on Cinta while patting his empty stomach. “I’ll come and finish your furniture moving work, Cinta. Why don’t you leave from our new ugly place and go and get us some hot food?” He looked out through the broken glass window and scanned the landscape with a smile.
She tossed the broken side table into the new jagged opening on the side wall as the table slammed down on top of the high pile of other busted furniture, collapsing the hill of furniture, making a terrible sound within each pair of eardrums. She spun around and frowned at Beck. “Why me? Where are located at anyways? I don’t like walking around a strange city in the dark.”
He swung back around and surveyed the outdoor landscape using his pair of super powerful alien-kind eyeballs, smiling at the new city. “The chronology time is 4:42 pm in the afternoon here. The day is bright sunshine, not twinkling stars. The air temperature is a perfect 72 degrees of coolness, not hotness. A pretty day for a walk, ain’t that right, Beck? And we are located in the northern part of Los Angeles, the City of Angels. One might be hovering in the clouds for fun or entertainment. You can ask he or she to guard your butthole during your walk in the daylight hours. Does that answer your question, Cinta?” He laughed with Beck.
She huffed with annoyance and pinned up her dirty, long blonde colored hair strands with red tinted tips that slowly crawled through her bone skull into a cute honeybee hive on top of her bone skull, wearing a sour frown and stared at Beck. “Los Angeles, the city of mass thievery and death acts! I could become robbed or worser. I could get killed in spirit and blood. Then I’ll never get married and have a child, Beck. Why do we always land in the bad part of any town in the world?”
Beck spun around with a smile and moved ahead, exiting the living room, strolling into another room inside the damaged house. “Because, the bad part of town provides both safety and security for us, three from a roaming scout party of curious alien-kind and god-kind individuals, in case, they happen to spot you walking around the city in your dirty non-designer clothes, Cinta,” he laughed with Garth.
She did not move but showed a frown of frustration. “What city street are we located on? What does the house look like? I don’t wanna get lost and can't find my way back home.”
“When you walk outside in the bright sunshine from our new hideout home, sniff out the overgrown yard of stinky colorful flowers. That strong smell will guide you back home, I promise,” he laughed with Beck.
Beck re-entered the living room setting with a smile and toted an armful of ancient books, halting at the end of the dirty billiards table, dropping down a pile of ancient books on the floor. velvet. He exhaled with the upcoming mental work and clapped his hands, nodding to Garth. “Cinta, go and get us some lunch!”
She frowned. “No!”
Garth spun around and squatted down, fiddling with the three items on top of the floor, shouting out loud. “What are the books for?”
Beck exhaled with anticipation and nodded with a smile to Cinta and then the rear skull on Garth. “We figured out that the nasty gang of surviving alien-kind and god-kind can only track us down, when we pop into a new city, where we have not destroyed it, yet. The newly created mirror cloud portal drifts its supernatural molecules quickly from the air currents and into the stratosphere that glides them to us,” he laughed with Garth. “So, that gives us some breathing room in order to build our supernatural killing machine, riding the world of every nasty and vile and vicious alien-kind and god-kind and goddess-kind, but us, the nice paranormals.”
She frowned. “We don’t own or possess a supernatural killing machine. There is no such thing as a supernatural killing machine, Beck. What’s Beck talking about, Garth?”
Garth continued to fiddle with the three items on the floor and shouted out loud to his sister, “Go and get us some lunch, Cinta, while me and Beck talk about building a supernatural killing machine, without destroying the world and the stupid race of earthlings and our life forces.”
She moved ahead and halted on the side edge of the billiards table, reaching down and lifted up one of the books, frowning with confusion. “This old book is called an encyclopedia. Who uses the ancient technology from an ancient textbook? We do. We are the outer space star children and perform electronic access with a modern day computer laptop or a hand-held mobile telephone. That modern day slick technology is better than an old book,” she laughed.
Beck frowned. “And an electronic computer will get us found out very quickly by one of the alien-kind or god-kind scouts that is flying through the air waves as we stand here in hiding. This is why we live in an abandoned building, without heat or electricity and do not possess a mobile telephone or a slick laptop computer. Now, Cinta has lovingly complained about the stack of books. So, I'm going to provide a lecture of science. Back over my shoulder, there is a huge library of books, where the set of murdered residents had collected and not used, only displayed. We can find all of our answers here and use the answers to build our supernatural killing machine. The library houses a set of encyclopedias and tons of academic textbooks, which is all we need plus a prayer to your higher entity, which won’t hurt,” he exhaled with worry. “Patient attention in here, class! I am not going to repeat this vital lecture material ever, before the pop quiz,” he laughed and waved both hands in the air, exhaling with worry. “To rid the world of the nasty gang of alien-kind and god-kind and goddess-kind, we're going to dump all of them into a radioactive pit ...”
“What!” Cinta parked both of her open palms down on her waistline and frowned with annoyance at Beck. “Did you say an active radiation pit that contains true deadly radiation? That...this plan is going to kill us too. I don’t like this plan. Period!”
Garth continued to fiddle with the items on the floor and frowned at Beck also. “Well, there are active and hidden radiation pits here in the USA and throughout the world. Which radiation pit are we going to use? Will a radiation pit really kill off all the alien-kind and god-kind?”
Beck nodded with a stern face. “Unfortunately, there are documented and undocumented active, deadly, and well-hidden radiation pits throughout the world, where the stupid race of humans have carelessly, carefully, and purposefully dumped down their contaminated waste from the active nuclear plants throughout the world, which poisons the ground. Fortunately for us, we're not affected by the radiation fields, only annoyed to the point of madness.”
She frowned. “Then, your great plan will not work or destroy our nasty enemies.”
“O!” Beck laughed with a nod, “My great plan will work. However, the current radiation pits are not useful for my plan. So, we must build a new radiation field to rid our buttholes from our waves of nasty enemies.”
Garth continued to squat and fiddle with the three items on the floor with a sour frown. “How do we do that, bro?”
“I still don’t like this plan, Beck.” She shook her mixed reddish-blonde colored curls with a sour frown.
He said, “I'm very doubtful also. But we need to do something else besides race around the world and destroy every civilized city here on Planet Earth. You know, I was birthed here on Planet Earth and still wanna live here and get married to Cinta and raise a child."
She clapped with a smile. "Me, too, darling! O! Let's go and get married right now and right here and today. Then, after shopping for my wedding dress, bouquet of flowers, the church, the wedding cake, and my diamond wedding ring, we can get married."
Garth gasped in alarm. "What about your best friend and my fiancé Risa?"
She smiled. "O! Let's go and get her back from the aliens and then we all can go shopping for our wedding ..."
"No, Cinta! We first eliminate the pain in our buttholes. Then we all will get married, when the planet is safe and sound." Garth growled at his sister and spoke to Beck. "How do we build a radiation field? Will this new field of deadly radiated matter really harm any of the earthlings?”
Beck laughed. “Nothing that we do will harm a single earthling. The race of humans are harming themselves and will eventually vanish from their home planet, but not us,” he reached into the pile of scattered books and rummaged through the stack, lifting up a book with laughter, pointing at the colored brown tinted cover with a smile. “This is a book about the ancient pyramids.”
She continued to frown at a silly Beck. “We can see the picture on the brown tinted cover. We are all educated in Ancient World history also. We know what a pyramid looks like. A pyramid is a triangular-shaped structure which is comprised of earth elements, such like, mud, water, and sand. And we also know that there numerous pyramids that stand throughout the world. The most famous are the three pyramids in the country of Egypt and the big one in the country of Mexico. And there are numerous minor pyramids in the countries of Spain, China, Italy, Iraq, and a few ones throughout South America.”
Beck smiled. “Good job, goddess!” He nodded. “Do you really know how the Egyptians utilized a pyramid?”
She smiled. “Yeah, they buried each royal family and some of the royal executed their own slaves and then their own royal pets and then their own royal cows and then their own royal ugly insects inside one place, where the humans drool and faint from the toxins,” laughing.
He laughed. “No.” Beck turned and nodded to Garth. “Didn’t your home town folks at the village town of Mesopotamia build their triangular pyramid also?”
Garth slowly stood upright from the floor and spun around, nodding with a smile to Beck, “Actually, all of my dead kin folks from the first civilized country, which had been called Mesopotamia, had built the first pyramid, but they had called it a ziggurat. The ziggurat was constructed of receding tiers of sun-dried mud bricks on top of a rectangular or oval or square mud dried platform. So, over the eons of harsh wind and torment rain, there are not many left within my first home country of Mesopotamia.”
She frowned. “Why do you reference the small non-existent village of Mesopotamia as your home town, Garth? It is an old and ancient place from eons and eons ago, before our birth, where we did not live or visit or know or call home.”
“O! She doesn’t know.” Beck laughed.
“No, she doesn’t know. Cinta is only seventeen years old. Our dead and gone parents had planned to teach her sometime next year, but the Syzygy event came and went along with them. Listen to my history lesson, Cinta. Then, Beck will address your confusing questions,” he turned and winked at Beck as both male teens laughed out loud. Garth stopped laughed and exhaled with annoyance. “Sumer had been the civilization and the people had been known as Sumerians, such like, we are called the Americans and reside in America. In the country of Mesopotamia, each Sumerians lived and died there, such like, we are birthed and will die here as an American. The first city within the country of Mesopotamia and in the Sumerian civilization was called Eridu and was located on the sea coastline of the Persian Gulf around the year 6500 B.C. The Sumerian people had been peasant farmers living in mud-brick huts; nomadic herders of sheep and goats, and fisher folk living in reed huts on the water. You would say that the Sumerian people were a simple bunch of folks. So, we thought,” Garth laughed with Beck.
“What!” She frowned. “Why do we think? I don’t understand, Garth. What's so funny, Beck? Tell me what is so funny, one of ya’ll!” Cinta sneered.
Garth continued to laugh and then exhaled a series of sour breathes. “Like every civilization, the Sumerians moved out from mom and dad’s house and built their own fortune, creating a set of city-states. What is remarkable here! The Sumerians farmers had created an agriculture lifestyle in the year 6500 B.C. The farmers had been the first to pioneer irrigation techniques.
“After the flood season, using a set of water canals, the farmers would flood their crop fields and then drain the water. Then herds of oxen stomped the wet ground and killed the weeds. Then the farmers dragged the fertile crop fields with a pickaxe. After drying the ground, the farmers plowed the dirt and then planted the seeds. The crop seed included barley, chickpeas, lentils, wheat, dates, onions, garlic, lettuce, leeks and mustard. The farmers also captured fish from the coastline and hunted for fowl and gazelle herds for meat. Based on primitive pictograms, the Sumerian farmers used sheep, goats, cattle, and pigs for clothes and food items also. The herd of oxen were work animals and the corral of donkeys were the transport animals for items. Pottery items consisted of vases, bowls, and dishes. Special clay jars for honey, butter, oil and wine. Knives, drills, wedges and ancient saws were used for tools. Like all other tiny our developing cultures, the Sumerians told numerous funny and nasty verbal stories that included their pagan goddess Inanna of love and war; god Enki of wisdom, and chief god Eridu of everything.
“By the year 4100 B.C., the Sumerian people had developed clothing items and floor rugs to cover the heated dirt coming from the wool or hair strands from their farm animals. Each residential mud-brick hut displayed a garden filled with plants and flowers. Plants were individual grown in pots or vases near the front door step ...”
She laughed. “How do you know that, Garth?”
Garth smiled. “Between the years of 4000 B.C and 2900 B.C., the Sumerian people had created the rolling wheel that was used on a rolling cart, without a grove of fir trees. Numerous painted pottery products and hand-sewn rugs and decorative clothing items were housed inside their new wheel invention traveling from their home land to the Taurus Mountains in the country of Turkey, to the Mediterranean Sea in the western towns and as far east as central Iran engaging in trade goods and products. The population was 10,000 people. Women wore a feather headdress. Bed frame, sitting stools, and eating chairs with a set of carved legs made from ox bone. Each house displayed and used a fireplace for these cold nights to make a baby,” he laughed with Beck. “The Sumerian civilization created their own economics and cultures developing a urbanized city while thriving in a peaceful society without wars or warriors. The population was listed at 50,000 inhabitants.”
“In the year 2800 B.C., the Sumerian culture quickly shifted from a religious establishment into a solo kingship. In the year 2700 B.C., tablet writing developed through horizontal or vertical rows of  cuneiform style wedge-shaped symbols that appeared on sets of clay tablets which recorded the rest of the Sumerian's brilliant and nasty history. However, 500,000 clay tablets have been found but has not been deciphered into formed a set of English or foreign sentences by the modern day academic scientists either.
“During the years 2700 B.C. through 2269 B.C., one Sumerian king named Etana was depicted through archaeological evidence as a war king that attacked and captured undefended villages in southern Mesopotamia country, acquiring slaves for the crop fields and temple rituals. Based on more artifacts, the Sumerian culture had developed spears, bows, arrows, and daggers that had been employed during wartime.
“In between the years 2270 B.C. through 1940 B.C., the Sumerian warriors battled and then conquered their neighbors. The Sumerian scribes wrote it all down on numerous clay tablets for writing purposes. Personal daggers had been made from metal blade and a wooden handle. The earth copper element copper had hammered into eating plates. Each jewelry necklace and dress collar was made of gold metal. And the Sumerian civilians enjoyed all of this. 
"The chronology time was based on sixty seconds in a minute and sixty minutes in an hour.
"During this period of time, each Sumerian king continued to claim their fame through divinity and worshipped their pagan god and goddesses. This historical period exhibited artistic development in flute playing, art works, and big statues of each stud king. The Sumerian kingdom extended from the country metro town of Mesopotamia as far as southern Assyria which housed a population of 1.5 million people. Note here. The world population was 27 million people.
"After 1940 B.C., a major shift in population occurred in the southern part of Mesopotamia moving towards the northern geographical areas. The agricultural crops had drained poorly without evaporating the salt from the wet soil, thus producing soil salinity on top of the crop fields. When the food crops produced rotten food stuffs, it was estimated that 900,000 Sumerian persons decided to up and leave the urban cities looking for other fertile ground and food crops.
"In the Sumerian kingdom, the civilization was divided into the free class and the slave class. In the free class, the male dominated the social scene. The son married a single female. The single female was a daughter until she was married becoming a wife. If the wife outlived her married husband, then she was proclaimed a widow and could remarry another male from the same tribe.
"Marriages were arranged by the parents of the bride and groom. A marriage engagement was approved by a contract that had been recorded on a clay tablet. The marriage become legal and cemented when the groom delivered a gift to the father of the bride. One ancient Sumerian proverb described a happy marriage coming from a happily married husband. My wife has birthed me eight sons and is still eager for sex.”
Beck laughed with a nod. “My marriage will ...”
“... not be like that, my future husband Beck,” she sneered at her boyfriend.
Garth laughed with a nod, “Finally, the Sumerian people and their unique civilization had been conquered and then absorbed into the Babylonian population. The end.”
Beck shook his curls and laughed out loud, pointing at Garth, dropping his hand. He nodded with a smile. “Naw! No! That is not the end. It is only the beginning. The Sumerian kingdom is still heavily debated by modern day scientists as to whether it existed or did not exist. But numerous ancient artifacts and visual mound outlines of numerous dead cities tell the trained scientist or curious adventurer a different fairy tale.
"One oddity fact, the Sumerian kingdom was comprised of twelve city-states by the year 3000 B.C. Each city-state exhibited six miles of wall with a center ziggurat structure in the middle of the city. Inside the wall, rows of homes were constructed of mud bricks or marsh reeds and irrigation canals were dug to feed and crop fields of food for the people. The largest city-state housed 80,000 people and became the largest metro city in the world in the year 2800 B.C.
“A second oddity fact, the scientists had found a king list that details names of each king and the length of their royal reign. Sumerian Queen Kubaba ruled one of the city-states which lasted for one hundred years. Another Sumerian King had lived for 43,200 years ...”
“That’s impossible, Beck! That particular scientist clearly was not drinking a cup of brewed tea.” Cinta laughed with Garth.
Beck smiled. “A third oddity, the Sumerian culture developed the first written word scribing in the format of a wedge-shaped reed on top of a wet tablet with a marsh reed which had been left outside, baked, and then dried out with the written information permanently fossilized in the sunshine.  At first, personal and business transactions were scribed onto wet clay tablets. Then everything was etched in wet mud including business receipts, marriage contracts, law codes, government regulations, jail times, musical hymns, divinity prayers, literature stories and poems, and all forms of art work including pictures of cows and people and plants and insects and gods and goddesses,” he laughed as Garth frowned with annoyance.
Beck smiled. “A fourth oddity, the Sumerian people developed the first set of merchants that traveled from each city-state for month-long journeys, not by dragging a foot, but by a rolling wheel. The crop fields only grew crops, not trees or mined metals or minerals. The set of first merchants drove out to trading lands in Egypt and Ethiopia collecting cedar wood from Lebanon, copper from Bahrain, gold from the Indus Valley and lapis lazuli gemstones from Egypt. 
“A fifth oddity, the Sumerian developed mathematical measurements that are still used today. They divided the days and nights into a year of 12 months with 24 hours of each day with 60 minutes in an hour and 60 seconds in a minute. They figured out that a circle or sphere was 360 degrees, each composed of 60 minutes and 60 second of an arc. All of these spatial measurements had been used by the Sumerian and used today by modern mankind including twelve inches in one foot. The advanced math allowed the Sumerians to create geometry and algebra concepts. The Sumerian wrote out multiplication tables on clay tablets and performed geometrical exercises and division problems also. The Sumerians used an ancient slide ruler for astronomical calculations and were the first to define the area of a triangle and the volume of a cube.”
Cinta frowned. “Are you finished breathing out hot sour breathes of nothing, Beck? I'm getting hungry for the mid-day meal also.”
Beck smiled. “A sixth oddity, each one of the Sumerian city-states warred with each other while stupidly developing a siege warfare technique. A seventh oddity, the Mesopotamia civilization including their history, language, technology, art work, and their name ceased to exist by the year 1940 B.C. The secrets of the Sumerian culture had remained hidden until the 19th century when a group of curious and smart field scholars had stumbled upon the first Sumerian artifact. Now, is that not intriguing?
“An eighth oddity, a group of captured and employed slaves had worked as weavers, pressers, millers, and porters. Each Sumerian pot had been painted in cedar oil. Each potter had used a bow drill to produce a fire that was needed to bake the raw, wet pottery mixture. The Sumerians had employed brick masons and jewelers using alabaster, ivory, iron, gold, silver, and lapis lazuli minerals as materials.
“A ninth oddity, the Sumerians had developed a banking system using personal bank accounts which were kept on baked clay tablets and exchanged with barley and silver. The first banking system also loaned money to the citizens for commercial credit and agriculture crop fields. At the first of the year, the king would cancel the agricultural debt but forced the owner into indenture-ship on his own farm land. The king and his royal babies liked to eat too.
“A tenth oddity, the Sumerian had created the first military units consisting of infantry and chariots. An infantry soldier carried a spear, wore a copper tinted helmets, and displayed a rectangular body shield. The Sumerian war chariot unit had toted all the military weapons consisting of battle axes and lances. Each war chariot displayed four wheeled devise and was manned by two soldiers and four donkeys. So, in summary, the Sumerian civilization was the first and greatest village on the planet until the year 1940 B.C. What happened to the people of Sumer? The Sumerians had created the first rolling wheel, the first cuneiform writing, arithmetic, geometry, a crop irrigation system, sailboats, wooden man-oared fishing and war ships, and the first calendar. They crafted bronze, leather, saws, chisels, hammers, bits, nails, pins, rings, hoes, axes, knives, lances, arrowheads, swords, glue, daggers, bags, harnesses, armor, war chariots, boots, sandals, harpoons, and water-skin products.”
She nodded. “Yeah, it is the end. I have heard enough. Anyways, the village town of Mesopotamia ran parallel with the Ancient Egyptian city and culture. I recall by memory from my Ancient World class in high school in our hometown of Apollo, Alabama. The Egyptian civilization appeared on top of the black soil as an agricultural culture in the year 5000 B.C. The educated and smart scribes started creating all the pretty picture of hieroglyphic inscriptions in the year 1700 B.C. And the little cities fought in self-wars which crowned Alexandria the Great as the king of Egypt or something like that. The Egyptian didn’t create the rolling wheel but the cool skinny beard and the fancy golden headdresses. Each royal body was mummified with their eyeballs and heart organs and then entombed for eternal inside a pyramid with a wealth of golden treasure. And finally, the Egyptian people worshipped pagan gods and goddesses and possesses a slew of them. The most important fake entity was Osiris, the god of the underworld. When a good Egyptian died, he went to the afterlife paradise and live foreverly,” she laughed. However, when a bad Egyptian died, she went resided and ruled inside the underworld or hell. I didn’t see or hear much difference within the two cultures. Why is this boring topic important right now?”
Beck smiled. “Because the first peoples and the first culture of Sumerians were also the first set of star-gazing astronomers. They had mapped the stars into a set of constellations which survived to become numerous characters on the zodiac chart for the Ancient Greeks and present day citizens also. The Sumerians had spotted and recorded five different planets throughout the dark Milky Way Galaxy with a naked eyeball. I wonder how they were able to do that, Garth,” he winked at Garth. “Maybe, the Sumerians had gotten the idea of the star constellations from their set of pagan gods and goddesses. The Sumerians named their gods and goddesses as the Anunnaki, who were a group of deities with their own mythological traditions and stories. The pictures of the gods and goddesses had been etched into the wet clay tablets, that you can use today at any museum throughout the world. however, the modern day scientists cannot figure out the divinity role which is disturbing to the academic mind, inconsistent with the other pagan fake gods, and engages the academic world with controversy. I wonder why that is, Garth,” Beck winked with laughter at Garth again.
Beck smiled. “The name from the small group of pagan gods and goddesses are called Anunnaki. The name comes from An, the god of the sky in the Sumerian culture. The other gods and goddesses within the Anunnaki family is proclaimed to be the offspring children of An and his wife consort Ki, the earth goddess.”
She frowned. “Why are you making such a great big deal with a bunch of fake and false and dead gods and goddesses? Almost all of them or those or these or they had gotten destroyed or killed or terminated during the Syzygy event from a few months ago. They’re gone and dead. But, we are here to stay,” Cinta laughed.
Beck smiled. “However, a group of academic scientists has discovered that the Ancient Sumerian clay tablets depict the reign of the Anunnaki which had started 433,000 years ago, before any type of recorded history of mankind or womankind. And the Sumerian language does not belong unto another known verbal language family, such like, Latin or Greek. Many have attempted to traced the roots of the Sumerian language backwards and have epically failed. Why is that, Garth?” He chuckled with Garth.
Beck nodded. “Now, the earliest ancient cultures all displayed and worshipped a set of funny-named and beautiful-looking pagan gods and goddesses. The Sumerian culture was not any different. The people believed in the creation as a male and female greeting and mating, like each one of their pagan deities, such like, the Sumerian god Abzu represented ponds of fresh water and the Sumerian goddess Tiamat blessed the ocean salt water. Interesting enough, each pagan god and goddess appeared in human form ...”
Cinta continued to sit and filed on each one of her broken fingernails with a sour frown. “The set of Egyptian and Roman god and goddesses came in human form too. That doesn’t make the Sumerian gods and goddesses any better or any more unique than the other set of fake divas, Beck.”
He leaned over the table and smiled at Garth. “However, some of the Egyptian deities dressed up like parts and pieces of animals while the Roman added flavor, favor, and style to each one of their gods and goddesses with a pair of big or tiny flying wings or produced rows of lightning bolts.”
“Okay. I see the difference. Are you done here, Beck?”
He smiled down at the blonde hair roots on Cinta, “There were the major gods and hundreds of minor gods within the Sumerian religious culture. And the legend started that the pack of goddesses and gods had created the humans from clay dirt for the purpose of serving the superior gods and goddesses,” he looked up and nodded to Garth.
She continued to file her broken fingernails with a smile. “The Maker created us from clay and then that truth stuck inside the stupidly, simple-minded humans and then poured down into each one of his or her fake and false and phony god and goddesses. I am not impressed and I am not surprised. Are you finished here, Beck?”
He nodded with a smile. “Within the Anunnaki deity family, An is the Sumerian god of heaven and the sky. Ki is the goddess of earth or the planet. Ea is the Sumerian god that resides underneath the earth like a hell god," Beck laughed. “Enki is the Sumerian god of wisdom and health. Enlil is the god of storm, wind, and rain. Inanna is the Sumerian goddess of love and beauty. Utu is the sun god and Sin is the moon goddess.” Beck nodded. “Now, this is so interesting to me. Every Sumerian person had to perform their daily work for food and drink at their homestead and then each one also had labor work at the ziggurat, which was the center temple that housed the major god and the minor gods and goddesses. However, a Sumerian could substitute work with a payment of silver coin. The theory of greed and laziness started in 6500 B.C.,” he laughed with the other teens. “The religious belief system from the Sumerian culture believed the universe was a flat disk which was enclosed inside a clear dome.”
“Now, we know the truth. The group of silly Flat Earthers got that stupid concept from the ancient Anunnaki divas,” she laughed.
“Through their religious beliefs, an afterlife place existed for each dead Sumerian, who descended down into a gloomy underworld which was gated and guarded by monsters which did not allow a Sumerian to enter or leave and the dead Sumerian spent his or her eternity in a ghost format while living out a wretched life. That is a terrible and awful afterlife thought. And I find that really weird, don’t you, also, Garth?” He chuckled with Garth. “Ever a dead Egyptian would live a happy afterlife along with a dead Buddhist and even a dead Methodist,” he nodded to Garth.
She continued to sit and frowned down at her broken toenails next. During the swift and deadly battle with each remaining alien-kind and god-kind, Cinta would sometimes lose her shoes and then fight with all of her digits to win the day. She exhaled with boredom. “Is there an interesting point to your boring history lesson, Beck? Because I can’t figure it out.”
Beck nodded. “Yes, I have a major conclusion to exclaim here. The flat, fertile land between the Tigris and Euphrates fresh water rivers was the original work and home site for the city of Sumer which also lacked natural earth minerals and groves of fir trees. However, for 2,000 years, the Sumerian culture had thrived and developed agriculture food stuffs, invented the rolling wheel, prospered from war battles, provided a school for children, commerce trade through travel, and wrote their history down on clay tablets. The land was flat but the Sumerian engineers constructed the entire city and every home and even the center ziggurat on top of a dirt platform. Each building possessed an archway with a mud-brick door that turned on a hinge from set of clay nails and exhibited a key hole with a clay house key. And the entire city was surrounded by a mud-brick gate that protected the citizens. Why is that so, Garth? 
"I can address my own question. The platform city-states of Sumer had been the foremost culture among the human species and exhibited a social and vogue lifestyle on a grand scale starting in the year 2900 B.C. And yet, and yet, and yet, the Great Flood came along and destroyed all people, including the Sumerian culture. Why is that, Garth?”
She didn’t lift her hand from filing her toes but giggled, shouting out loud. “O! I know the answer.”
Beck gasped in shock and turned to stare at Garth. “Does she really know the answer, Garth?”
Garth turned and frowned down at her blonde hair roots. “Do you really know the answer, Cinta?”
She fiddled with the cardboard cosmetic file on one of her broken toes, laughing out loud. “Yeah, I really do know the answer, Garth.”
Beck nodded. “What is the answer, Cinta?”
She didn’t bother to look up and view each male, saying with a smile. “Sumer, the first city was located on the fertile land and fishy Persian Gulf sea shores and prospered with people, plants, pets, and property around 4,000 B.C. Then, in the year 2,000 B.C., the same flat land between the Tigris and Euphrates fresh water rivers changed their city name and their vogue culture into the town of Babylon and called themselves, the Babylonians. The Greek people called their old place the name of Mesopotamia. The first civilization was a hot spot of culture, economics, farms, astronomy, gossip, and sex. Then the Maker get all miffed out with the selfish, greedy and naughty humans and then destroyed the Tower of Babylonia while scattering the people and plants. Then the people become naughty again and the Maker saved only Noah and his family members while destroying everything on the planet, which is the historical and recorded finale. The Bible tells me so in the Book of Genesis, Chapter seven, verses one through twenty-four,” she looked up and winked at each male. “Are you hungry for a plate of food, Garth? Are we done here, Beck?” Cinta giggled and placed both naked feet on top of the cool wooden floor.
Beck laughed out loud and nodded his shoulder length black tinted curls. “I am so glad that you have referenced the Bible, Cinta. Because I have a reference to share also. Do you know the words in the Book of Job, Chapter 38 and verse 31?” He didn’t wait for her verbal answer. “Can you direct the movement of the stars in outer space and bind the cluster of the seven star cluster of the Pleiades or loosen the cords on the star constellation of Orion?
“Do you know the words in the Book of Job, Chapter Nine, Verse Nine? The Maker created the stars including the star constellation Bear, the star constellation Orion, the seven star cluster of the Pleiades, and the rest of the constellations which is located within the southern sky on Planet Earth.
“Do you know the words in the Book of Amos, Chapter Five, Verse eight? The Maker created the stars, the seven star cluster of the Pleiades, and the star constellation of Orion. He turns darkness into the morning and the day into the night. He draws up water from the oceans and pours down from the clouds the form of rain on top of the land on Planet Earth. What do the three Bible passages mean to you, Cinta?” She frowned at Beck and then viewed Garth in silence.
Garth laughed out loud and nodded with a smile at his sister. “The reference in the Bible of the seven stars that form a cluster of the Pleiades, which had been created by the Maker, is our alien home planet, Cinta. We are aliens, sister dear. Don’t you recall the home lecture from our alien parents? ”
She gasped in shock and swiftly stood upright from the ratty chair, staring at her brother. “What! What? How! How is this even possible? Garth, how on this known Planet Earth and within the named Milky Way Galaxy do you know that we are the ancient clay drawings of the Anunnaki deities, who came from the heavens and fled from our home world of Pleiades?”
He smiled. “Because the true species that assumed the position of each Anunnaki god and goddess were really a gang of outer space Pleiadian aliens that had helped the Sumerian slaves create the first cup of beer," he lifted up the cold bottle of beer from the box on top of the floor.
Garth had found a functional refrigerator inside the dirty kitchen and examined the food contents, discovering boxes of moldy food and a carton of fresh beer that was unexpired. 
At the edge of the billiards table, Garth scooted around the table and then stopped, handing the cold item with laughter to Beck.
Cinta gasped in alarm and stared at the bottle of beer coming from her brother.
Beck laughed out loud and accepted the wet bottle, screwing off the metal cap, consuming the cold brew.
Garth held a new bottle of beer and winked at his sister. “Years later, the group of Sumerian farmers had switched from growing wheat for baked bread into a numerous crop field of barley for dry cereals, which had been demonstrated by the Pleiades aliens, because the aliens had missed that tall glass of cold, bitter tasting brew of beer. Then, the stupid Earth farmers finally got it. Look it up in the history books! The Sumerian people were the first known beer drinkers on the entire planet. One of the ancient red tinted clay tablets, the fictional story of Sumerian Gilgamesh drinks his beer and then smiles singing in joy and with a contented liver," he laughed. "Gilgamesh probably died of liver poisoning. The beer was very thick and had to be sucked through a straw.”
Beck reached out and touched a new book, flipping through the pages and then stopped with laughter, sipping the cold beer. He slid the book to Cinta and pointed down at the photograph. "There is a clay piece showing a set of Sumerians drinking through marsh reeds from a tall clay pitcher which is beer during a banquet in the year 2600 B.C."
Cinta reached over and snatched up the book, gasping in shock, studying the glossy page in silence. The two males laughed again and then consumed the cold beer, pulling up a bar stool beside the billiards table. She continued to stand and placed the book down on top of the surface, slowly flipping through each page with puzzlement and curiosity.
Garth continued to sit and swallowed the beer, removing the bottle from his smile, nodding with a grin down at the hair roots on Cinta. “It is all possible and it is all true. Our deceased biological alien mom and dad had planned to tell you truth right after you had graduated from high school, before we had been shipped off to college for some upcoming teenly fun. However, things don’t work out that way. Anyways, the found and preserved pieces of red tinted clay tablets with the ugly drawings of human forms are the true space aliens from the cluster star system of Pleiades.”
She looked up and sneered at Beck, pointing at his face, saying with a sour tone. “How is it that you know about the originals of the alien-kind? When I didn’t even know until today,” she slapped her chest with a nod in silence.
Beck continued to sit and sipped the beer, swallowing the liquid, nodding with a stern face. “That’s a fair question coming from an alien to a god. At first, I didn’t know that a set of native outer space aliens existed here on Planet Earth. My god-kind parents had always talked about and called the group of space aliens, a nest of pests. I did not understand that term and then asked. My parents presented a computer to me that detailed thousands of electronic records, pictures, files, and articles about Earth aliens. So, I read and learned about each ancient civilization. I must tell you that no god-kind knew who you were and could not identify your species and didn’t know where you lived. It was a total shock for me that a group of aliens had lived in the same farm town of Apollo, with me, until the terrible day of the Syzygy event. So, I studied my eyeballs out and learned about each boring and snoring ancient civilization throughout the world. After reading all the information, which told decades, my academic mind became stuck on the Sumerian culture. First historical fact, the exact origins of the Sumerians are unknown but they suddenly appeared in 6500 B.C. on top of the Mesopotamia soil coming by sea or land. Second historical fact, the people of Sumer spoke the same language to each other which did not possess a common relationship with the other native peoples. Third historical fact, the Sumerian invented writing, the wheel, the plow, and the concept of mathematics. And they were obsessed with the sky, the stars, and the heavens in outer space mapping out star clusters and constellations of astronomical facts on each clay tablet. The Sumerian farmers also measured the setting of the morning sunlight by the Pleiades star cluster which marked the beginning and end of the agricultural year. However, their knowledge only possessed the existence of planets, not specific stars and definitely not a star cluster,” he nodded with a smile.
“One of the most fascinating findings on the captured and studied Sumerian clay tablets was that Planet Earth was listed as number seven while counting backwards from Planet Pluto. How in the universe did the ancient wheat farmers from small village of dried mud houses in Sumer gain brain knowledge about nine outer space planets and all the different stars without a telescope?
“The fourth historical fact, other Earth natives migrated into growing country of Mesopotamia and then intermarried with the native Sumerians, producing children. The transplants became part of the Sumerian culture and sorta talked in the strange Sumerian language to each other. Fifth historical fact, the growth from each popular and populated city-state demanded and created a king with his kingship. On each ziggurat, the arrogant king or queen had etched their proper name into the dried mud for some silly reasons. But that visual information has lead into some interesting facts. King Alulim ruled for 28,800 years ...”
“No way!” Cinta frowned. “You read that electronic file wrong. Or the typist typed the comma in the wrong place.”
He laughed. “No. I can read and I have read everything correctly. So, in conclusion, according to Sumerian tablets, the outer space aliens who came down from the heavens to mine gold nuggets from the land, carrying back home to repair their world, were named the Anunnaki gods and goddesses. However, the Anunnaki species liked living here on Planet Earth and stayed mating with the earthlings, producing their own half-alien and half-human children. Then they didn’t wanna leave from the planet and go back to their shitty native planet,” Beck continued to smile and lifted his palm, stopping her smart remark, nodding with a smile. Cinta did not speak but listened. He dropped his hand and nodded with a smile. “Wait! I got more information to share which is even written on the clay tablets. So, the gang of nasty outer space aliens came here and found the gold. The gold nuggets were buried deep down underneath the soil, rock bed, and thick grove of trees. From the city of Nippur, which was founded in the year 5000 B.C., human-type, heavenly beings ruled over Planet Earth. The heavenly beings were referenced as gods and had the power to travel through the sky without wings or on an airplane. When An found the hidden golden nuggets deep down underneath soil, he did not enjoy the idea of working. So, head Sumerian god An ordered his son god Enki to create a man and a woman in order to perform the manual labor. A lesser minor god was killed and his bones and skin and organs were mixed with the red clay dirt and then used to create a man and a woman, who appeared like the human god and goddess. Thus, man was created in the image of god. Have your heard that famous line someplace else, also? And I have more proof of the outer space gods, not the humans,” he lifted his palm for a second time and nodded with a smile. “The first Sumerian ruler was named Etana and described as the man who stabilized all of the lands. And I got a better one. The word Sumer means land of the civilized kings. Sumerian King Alaljar ruled for 36,000 years. King Enmenluana ruled for 43,200 years. King Enmengalana ruled for 28,000 years. King Enspipadzidana ruled for 28,800 years. What’s up with a completed kingly cycle of Sumerian rule for a single king for 28,800 years?”
“Wrong again, Beck!” She huffed.
“Right, darling!” He winked at Cinta. “Each city was guarded or ruled by an alien god or goddess as the newly created race of humans and all the gods lived together as one happy family unit. The Sumerian culture was an advanced race of aliens that provided an advanced civilization down here on Planet Earth, speaking in a secret unique language and weird writing with wedge-shaped symbols. Did the symbols come from the Pleiadian home base? They invented language, the wheel, the plow, and all mathematical measurements that modern man uses today. And they possessed extensive knowledge of the outer space planets, stars, and the parts of universe that a dumb caveman should not know or use or possess. And all of the information is written down on clay tablets for scholars and scientists and Cinta to read and learn,” he laughed with Garth. He nodded with a stern face. “Then the Maker of all came along and got really jealous of fun times from the Anunnaki and swept over everything and everyone with the Great Flood of water that reached over the tallest mountain here on Planet Earth. So, take that alien scumbags!” He laughed with Garth again.
She frowned. “You’re a meanie god-boy, Beck!”
He laughed. “Ah! But I am right, aren’t I right, Garth?”
Garth shook his cropped blonde locks with a smile. “We arrived here on Planet Earth 450,000 years ago. The first humans were the Atlantians that lived on the luxurious ocean spot in the Atlantic Ocean. And we all know what happened...”
“How in the heavens do you know all of this secret alien information, Garth?” Cinta looked up and waved both of her arms in the air, frowning at her brother, slapping her chest, “I am an alien too. But I don’t know any of this secret information.”
He turned and winked at his sister. “As an alien, we possess it all and we all possess it. Our ancient ancestry information is located deep within our sub-conscious. Close your eyelids and reach up, tapping on your master gland.”
“What!” Beck gasped in shock and turned to smile at Cinta.
Cinta snorted with annoyance and closed her eyelashes, reaching up into her brain, tapping her master gland.
Garth reached back and gently touched the side bone skull while turning to wink at Beck. “The pituitary gland is a tiny organ within a bony structure which is protected inside the brain that resembles the shape of a green tinted pea vegetable. The gland is found at the base of the brain matter and contains blood vessels and nerve cells that sent out nerve impulses. The gland stores and produces numerous hormones that travel up and down your body, directing processes and stimulating other glands that produce other hormones,” he returned back and watched Cinta, softly chuckling with amusement.
The body on Cinta suddenly grew from her usual five feet and ten inches into ten foot in height as she yelled in pain. Then her body shape ballooned from a slender body frame into a heavy weight. Then all of her limbs swiftly rippled in rows of muscles.
Beck gasped in alarm and pointed with concern at Cinta. “What! What is happening to Cinta?”
Garth laughed with a nod. “She has found her pituitary gland and is slowly accessing all of the hidden alien information that travels from the pea-sized organ inside her brain stem and then throughout all of her blood vessels, and cells and bones and organs. To access the secret alien information, Cinta must experience each hormone rapidly and temporally until her mind and blood vessels eat up the information. You are seeing the growth hormone that affects the physical height, the body shape and all of the muscles and bones on the human body, including the fatty tissue. Once she has completed accessing and then learning of hidden her alien history, her body frame will go back into normal size again. I went through the same time when I had to access my pituitary gland.”
Beck continued to observe Cinta in silence. The body on Cinta grew from double AA into double DD. He laughed. “I like. Will she keep these big things?”
Garth smiled. “No, she does not keep these big things. She has accessed her master gland. You are seeing the release of the Prolactin hormone inside her chemical system.”
“Too bad!” He laughed with Garth.
The exterior skin tone on Cinta turned dark black. Garth laughed. “She has released out the Beta-melanocyte hormone that controls her skin color.”
“Yeah, I figured that one out!” Beck laughed.
Cinta continued to sit with her eyelashes shut and slowly moaned and then groaned in softness. 
He frowned at her. “What is happening to her? I can’t figure it out.”
Garth turned and winked at Beck. “She is accessing the Follicle-stimulating hormone, the Luteinizing hormone, and the Oxytocin hormone all at the same time.”
“O mama!” Beck smiled. “Are the hormones in a certain order?”
“No, not really, ” Garth continued to watch Cinta and her exterior physical changes, hearing her set of soft moans and groans. Cinta slowly shifted her bone skull side to side and continued to sit while softly groaning. 
Beck smelled the air waves with confusion, turning to his left side, sniffing the air waves with puzzlement. He returned back and faced Cinta, smelling the air waves with a smile. “It must be my two nose holes, but I smell the scents of vanilla and then lavender, and finally honeysuckle fragrances in the air,” he inhaled the sweet aroma.
Garth smiled. “She is releasing into the air all of her Endorphin hormones coming from her body. She is getting close to finishing.”
Beck closed his eyelids and sniffed the air waves, “She smells great. Even a goddess hottie usually smells like dirt or tar or a rock,” he continued to smell the air.
The body of Cinta swiftly morphed back into her original body frame, losing the ten feet height, the set of bulky muscles, the reduction of various body parts, extinguished the lovely fragrances.
Beck opened his eyelids and laughed out loud, “Hey! What is happening now? O! Cinta has morphed back into her normal body frame and body shape,” laughing.
He nodded. “Yeah, she is almost finished here playing out the alien character.”
Cinta opened her eyelashes and screamed in panic, swiftly standing upright from the cushion, scooting away from the ratty chair. “I gotten go to the bathroom, right now. Where is the location of the bathroom, right now?” She dashed ahead looking for the bathroom and yelled in panic. 
Beck smiled and nodded to Garth. “Yeah, I figured out that one. The Vasopressin hormone controls the release of all liquid and poisons and toxins from your two human kidneys. Will she make it?”
“Naw!" Garth laughed with Beck. Inside the bathroom, Cinta screamed in horror. Garth turned and winked to Beck, “It sucks being an alien, sometimes, Sis.” The two males both laughed again. Cinta continued to scream in alarm, then shouted out loud a string of curse words, and then finally crying with horror.
Inside the living room setting, at the billiards table, Beck continued to sit on top of the stool and sipped on the warm beer, lifting up an empty bottle near his smile, “Are there more cold beer bottles?”
“Naw!” Garth sucked down the last of the warm beer and removed the bottle, winking at Beck. “We’ll send Cinta outside to the market and collect more cold beer and hot food, since she’ll be in a really rotten mood for any type of witty and fun conversation. ”
Cinta returned back into the living, wearing a sour frown and an ancient brown tinted old fashioned ankle-length dress with horizontal rows of medium-sized yellow ducks. She had not reached the toilet bowl of stale water in time, before her healthy kidneys had released a full bladder of pee. But she had found another clean ugly outfit. She stopped and stood behind the red tinted ratty chair, sneering at her brother, slapping her chest. 
Garth laughed with a grin. “Don’t get your wet pink panties in a wad, Sis! We all must go through the nasty alien change, Cinta. You are not immune or amused. Sit down back in your chair. Beck wants to hear our outer space tale,” he turned and nodded to Beck. Cinta scooted around and sat down, listening to her brother.
Garth nodded. “Most scientists and astronomers and star gazers currently call the star cluster, the Pleiades. So, I will word it the same way without causing too much confusion. The physical location of the Pleiades stars is more visible within the Northern Hemisphere, but it is easy to view within the mid-Southern Hemisphere latitudes throughout the world also. Our home star cluster is known by cultures all over the world including the Celts, Hawaiians, Aboriginal Australians, the Persians, the Arabs, the Chinese, the Japanese, the Maya, the Aztec, the Hindu, the North American Indian tribes, and finally the Bible thumper culture.”
Beck nodded. “Where does the weird name Pleiades come from?”
“Within the original Latin-written Bible pages, the Maker referenced us as the seven stars within a cluster. It was the Ancient Greek sailors that provided the name of Pleiades which means to sail during the sailing season through the ocean waters at night, because of the important position of the star cluster in outer space. Also, our home star cluster had shined greatly in the dark storm skies and then caused the Great Flood coming from the Maker. That wasn’t our fault, ya’ll,” he laughed with Beck.
Beck asked. “Why did your alien ancestors leave their home world?”
She continued to sit and closed her eyelashes, seeing the location of her home world inside her active mind. “I know that answer.”
Garth reached out and grabbed one of the books, flipping the pages in silence. He stopped on the proper page and slid the book towards Beck.
Beck looked down and studied the page inside the textbook. Garth smiled. “That page in this astronomy book displays the cluster of seven brightest and bluest stars at night, which is located in the center of the Milky Way Galaxy in the constellation of Taurus and the only star cluster closest to Planet Earth. At night, our home star cluster can be seen by a pair of naked eyeballs in the night sky covering every part of the globe. Our home star cluster is seen as far north as the North Pole and at the southernmost tip on the country of South America which is near the South Pole. Tonight, after the sun sinks down into the horizon, I’ll point out our real planet, Cinta. But, our home star cluster appears like a tiny, misty dipper of bright blue stars, but it is more than that. Our home star cluster displays seven particular stars in bright blue and contains hundreds of regular stars that cannot be seen by the naked eyeball with the aid of a powerful telescope. The seven star cluster is 444.2 light years from our adopted home Planet Earth and encompasses a radius of 35 light years. Our home is middle-aged and formed 100 million years ago from a great impact of stationary and colliding asteroids, tumbling loose rocks, roaming rouge exo-planets and other shooting stars. Our home star cluster only has five more years to survive. Then the planet rock and soil will explode and then disperse due to gravitational interactions within the cluster within its galactic neighborhood without harming Planet Earth or the other stationary planets within the Milky Way Galaxy. So, pretty much, our dead ancestors left off the dying planet and didn’t look back as told by the Maker. Then, they landed here on Planet Earth as it was the closest air breathing planet within the Milky Way Galaxy.
Beck continued to flip through the pages and laughed. “So, it is you.”
Garth frowned. “What is me?”
He looked up from the book and winked at Garth. “It is you.”
“What is me?”
“Since Earth year 2007, a set of strange and fast moving radio waves have bombarded the outer space air waves throughout the Milky Way Galaxy, which has been picked up by Earth equipment and then suddenly disappears without warning. The Earth scientists cannot figure it out and has confounded their individual brilliant minds. However, it is you. Your dying world on Pleiades is cracking up and echoing the thundering noise of rocks, soil, trees, lava, and your bedroom furniture set throughout the galaxy That explains the waves of fast moving radio sounds, in which, the Earth scientists will never heard that secret information coming from my parted lips,” he laughed with Garth. 
Cinta continued to sit and nodded with a stern face and a pair of shut eyelashes as her active mind accessed her new information. “The ancient scientist Galileo Galilei was the first astronomer to find the seven star cluster of the Pleiades through his hand-made telescope, sketching out thirty-six stars among hundreds of stars, in the year 1610, in the month of March.”
Beck nodded. “So, the race of earthlings had become curious about the shiny stars in the sky.”
She continued, “Yeah, in the year 1767 AD, another scientist named John Michell had studied and discovered that a bright blue tinted Pleiades group of stars all moved in the same direction across the same sky, at the same rate, demonstrating a related star pattern. In-between the years of 1771 and 1786,  other Earth scientists looked up and studied the Pleiades star cluster and then added more visible stars from a telescope. The blue tinted stars within the Pleiades cluster is so close to Planet Earth that the outer space distance is relatively easy to measure based on a human mind. So, each Earth scientist has tried and failed and then tried again until creating a set of new math concepts and physics principles regarding space and time that had allowed the human race to develop rockets and fly on that single moon travel event in the 1960s.”
Beck smiled. “The speed of light depends on the proximity to mass and gravitational fields, which I had learned from my science class. As a god-kind creature, I was born here on the planet and have not traveled off the planet, not even to the moon. So, where are your set of wrecked outer space star ships located here on the planet? You know we could become the world’s first trio of trillionaires, if you desire to show off your advanced space ship to the earthling. How did the Pleiadian travelers get here?”
She frowned. “A Pleiadian alien does not own or operate a star ship.”
“Then how did your alien ancestors land down here on Planet Earth?”
“The galaxy formed from an accretion disk and numerous gas balls. The single solar sun star is 4.603 billion years old. Planet Earth is 4.543 billion years old. The moon of Planet Earth is 4.53 billion years old. The universe is 18 billion years old. The star cluster of Pleiades is 11 billion years old. The universe will last for another three billion years, unless a streak of freaking dark energy plus its dark matter destroys us and it first. Now, the culture of Pleiades was first civilization here within the galaxy. We did build a star ship. We built star pods. A star pod is a one or two person transport which is sized like an Earth pear. For fun enjoyment by both adults and teens, a star pod would lift up from the ground and then land on top of a flying asteroid or a sailing comet or a tumbling space rock, twirling our bodies through outer space. This had been a very popular and fun entertainment ride. However, when it was discovered that our planet within the star cluster was slowly dying of radiation, we left the planet and immediately hitched a ride on a sailing comet or a flying asteroid or a piece of tumbling space rock that was heading but not directly hitting Planet Earth. The star pod contained four gears that emerged out from the top or lower steel hull that would be embedded down into the rock for stability which was part of the thrilling fun. On the flying asteroid with numerous settled star pods was close enough to Planet Earth, each star pod detached and flew down into the atmosphere, sizzling like a cooked egg, heating into a fireball, and melting like an icicle in the bright sunlight. Then each alien jumped out from the gooey ball of heated metal and safely landed down on top of the soil like a guiding bird. Back then, each alien possessed a set of supernatural skills. The group of Pleiadians did not genetically engineer a human male or female. We married and mated, creating a smarter race of shorter humans. Of course, we did not mate with every available caveman and cavewoman. Thus, all the caveman and cavewoman clans were allowed to marry and mate, producing their set of cave babies. When the clans of caveman and cavewoman were starving and hungry, we showed them how to plow and grow field crops for food. It was one the dumber clans that draw and depicted the outer space aliens on their mud-brick walls. We really didn’t worry about that information. We thought all the clay tablets would be destroyed and then forgotten by the stupid human race.” Cinta gasped in shock and swiftly stood upright, shaking her head, holding her naked throat. “That information just rolled off my tongue like chocolate. I sounded like I had lived back in the year 2800 B.C. But I did not. I’m not that old or ancient. I am only seventeen years old. What is happening to me, Garth?”
He laughed. “Nothing! Nothing is happening to you, Cinta. This is how the alien information works. Once your body has absorbed all of her alien ancient history, you start talking like you were living back there during Ancient World History. It's part of our innate understanding what the original alien travelers went through to get here to Planet Earth. Don’t sweat out a hill of fire ants!”
“All right!” She sat down and rubbed her two temples, shaking her curls with puzzlement.
Beck shook his shoulder-length black tinted curls and frowned at Garth. “Wait a minute here! I looked up the Pleiades star cluster during my massive research of each ancient civilization. The star cluster is very young within the Milky Way Galaxy and is listed at 150 million years old. Any planet or stars would be about the same age, not 11 billion years old. And the young and developing star cluster cannot support one or many life forms. Period! Planet Earth had required two billion years before providing available oxygen air molecules for any life form. That’s impossible! Your ancestors are only, at most, 150 million years old.”
 He smiled. “I’m glad you asked me that question, Beck. Right now, the Pleiades star cluster appears to be 150 million years old coming from each simple, slow, and dumb Earth scientist. Planet Earth at the age of 150 million years was impacted by rows of flying asteroids and columns of soaring comets like a batter's box. The land surface was comprised of soft heated molten, not a plain of hard clay dirt, coming from each hot celestial object,” he laughed with Cinta. “Our home world, over eons, had been subjected to a bombardment of cosmic rays coming from the closeness of each blue tinted star and burning brown tinted dwarf fusion star, hence the name. So, you are correct, Beck. The star cluster cannot support a single living life form. But, no life form lives on the planet or in the stars, only drifting gases and dusty nebulas reflecting off the blue light of each star. The star cluster is slowly turning into numerous colorful dusty radiation balls and dispersing throughout the galaxy towards the star constellation of Orion and will not live long enough to possess life again in the future. That is why you can't see any planets or life form. Back then and like present day, we appear like our dead ancestors and our dead ancestors look like us. Each Pleiadian displays a tall and slender body frame and a head of short or long blonde tinted hair strands, without any curl or a facial beard.
“Our original party of space traveling Pleiadians came here and landed down on top of the red tinted clay dirt and then created a village which was called E-den. The village of Eden was an enclosed biosphere of garden items including colorful flora, tall shade trees, rows of fruit plants, without a single animal. Then, the Maker decided to have some more fun and experimented creating a new species, man and woman. Then my people decided to have some more fun and started crossing their outer space alien genes with the Homo erectus or the newly created cave man and woman, producing a new race of aliens. We dominated the world and made the newly created human race our family members. However, as usual, a set of violent, wicked, and bloody fist fights broke out among the new humans and the newly mixture of Pleiadians and then caused each biological family, every city-state, and each king to hate each other. Nothing ever changes for mankind. Then, the Maker became miffed out and sent down sheets of heavy rains that lasted for forty days and nights, wiping off each species on top of His planet. However, the group of smarter gods and goddesses possessed advanced tools and then went underground, above the flood of water, and somehow survived the wrath and the flood. When the rain stopped and the sun appeared, some of the gods and goddesses emerged back onto the surface. The others decided to live below the ground and do something. I am not prevue to their current active life styles. So, the same gods and goddesses survived and started building a new civilization again with the new race of humans. Thus, Cinta and I are birthed by our parents and still alive, without our parents, who were dumb enough to cause and create an internal civil war between the two supernatural creatures on Planet Earth. The end!”
Beck laughed. “The beginning!” He leaned over and performed a fist bump with Garth, standing upright with a smile, reaching  out, and lifted up the manual hard copy textbook, pointing at the cover, “Garth has identified and confirmed his true alien ancestry. I wanna add that my personal god-kind ancestry is true too, but we don’t have time. The country of Egypt holds the famous trio of pyramids ...”
"Yeah! So! Well!" Cinta sat down and frowned at Beck, crossing her arms over the ugly dress with annoyance. “We all knew that shared information, Beck and Garth. Get on with your science lecture! My stomach is getting hungry and my mind is getting bored.”
He nodded, “Each pyramid had been comprised of brick or stone and then had been shaped in reference to the rays of the solar sun constantly beaming down on the inhabitants and plants and animals here on Planet Earth, in case, you didn’t know that tidbit. Back then, each pyramid had been polished in a highly reflective white limestone surface that winked back up towards the solar sun, because the beaming rays hit the pyramid and ignited a power station."
Cinta waved her hand with a sour frown. “Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We all know about that one too as the race of humans do not,” she chuckled with Garth.
Beck nodded with a smile. “Excellent! My two studious pupils are the smartest ones in the class. Back home, each pyramid was really an active power station that housed all the bombarding solar sun rays and then shooting them out into every buildings including the royal palace and every homestead. However, the race of humans still has not figured out the electricity flowed out from the pyramid, but they do suspect it is so.” He laughed with Garth. “On top of the triangular-shaped Egyptian pyramid, there had been a benben stone. Does anyone know what that word means?”Garth frowned and Cinta stared at Beck.
Beck smiled, “A benben stone was a mound which took on the first light of day coming from god Atum and arose from the river waters of Nu within the Land of Manu..."
Garth frowned, “Forget that bullshit, Beck!”
He laughed, “Okay. All right! You didn’t enjoy my ancient Egyptian humor. A  benben stone is the symbol of the Phoenix bird that possesses the ability to revive and rebirth its dead body. It represents...”
“Bury the horseshit, Beck!” Cinta sneered in frustration.
He smiled. “A benben stone is also the symbol of the sun god Atum coming from the Ancient Egyptian history books  and is the missing capstone on top of each pyramid. Atum is said to live and thrive inside the missing capstone. The prime position for the capstone on top of the pyramid was the location on which the first rays of light fell upon. Each great pyramid was based on this design, which is called a pyramidion. And each capstone was molded and polished in a silver mineral and then shined throughout the daylight hours. Now, the benben stone, the pyramid, and various solar sun rays were interconnected and housed a set of alive and dangerous rays of electricity. However, the race of humans still do not understand that strange physics concept either or neither or never. The ancient pyramid was the generator or the power station for all of that stored running and highly volatile electricity. Even during modern times, a streak of deadly electricity must flow through a conduit or it escapes into the atmosphere and creates killer electrical storms that kills trees, animals, and humans. Back then, in the year 1700 B.C., a stream of electrons had flowed out from each power station pyramid and then slapped into a tall conduit. The conduit was a tall, upright slab of concrete called an obelisk. The first obelisk was located within the country of Egypt. Back then, each shooting electricity stream hit a tall obelisk, where the energy unit was carried down a thin metal wire of gold and into a smaller generator that powered each building."
He clapped with a smile to Garth and then Cinta. "So, to rid the world of the nasty gang of alien-kind and god-kind, who will continue to try to kill us, until we are all dead, we don't have access to a tall building with wires in shiny gold, anymore. Instead, we are going to create our own electromagnetic field coming from each free-standing power station pyramid throughout the world, where a steady stream of blue colored electricity travels through each obelisk and then down into our new electromagnetic field...”
“This new survival plan sounds complex and complicated and convoluted, Beck,” Garth frowned. “How long is it going to take to build an electromagnetic field inside the set of invisible air waves? We don’t have years and decades and centuries to do this deadly feat. I will live on for another century or two. But we only have days and a few weeks, Beck.”
He nodded with a smile. “Yeah, I know that, too. So, everyone clear your supernatural smart brain cells for our last work task. Cinta had mentioned before a listing of standing pyramids throughout the world. We are going to activate each pyramid first which will immediately start to absorb and then store each brightly beaming array of every solar sunlight as a powerful and deadly electricity bolt inside the free-standing pyramid throughout the world. Then, we are going to locate around the world the appropriate tall conduit obelisk that will drag that strand of electricity bolt down into the country of United States of America, inside city of Birmingham, within the US State of Alabama. That is future location for our newly developing electromagnetic field that will kill all the alien-kind and god-kind from the planet.”
Garth gasped in shock. “What! Why? How? Who? Why is the future location in the South within the USA?”
He nodded with a stern face. “Look! I am slowly explaining the plan. First, we need to figure out where all the power station pyramids are located. Second, we need to identify each obelisk throughout the world. Third, we need to figure out the proper electron pathway from the power station pyramid to the appropriate obelisk which will finally flow down into the city of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama.”
Garth frowned. “Why is the city of Birmingham in the US State of Alabama important? Why is the power station pyramid important? Why is the conduit obelisk important? That old and ancient pieces of rusty equipment has not worked in centuries and centuries. How can you guarantee that it will work right now, right here, today? How does a slab of dried mud and a tall concrete structure help us here, Beck? I am more confused rather than confident here.”
“Look!” He nodded with a frown to Garth and waved both of his arms in the air. “I know. I know. I know my new untested idea seems both crazy and insane. But I am slowly laying out the final plan for all eyeballs and eardrums. I wanna emphasize here that we all had discussed the deadly method of killing off the nasty gang of alien-kind and god-kind, when we were lounging in the snowy mountains of Switzerland. And we couldn't figure out anything and sorta gave up. Well, I didn’t give up. I do believe that I have figured out a way to rid us from our enemies. Currently, each reminding and injured and miffed out young supernatural life force had been birthed on Planet Earth, not someplace else within the cosmos. Do you agree?”
“Yeah,” Garth nodded with a stern face as Cinta did not respond but listened in silence. “And each ancient supernatural life force is dead, after the successful attack of both parties during the Syzygy event. Would you agree with that statement?”
“Yeah.”
Beck nodded with a smile. “My plan is so simple. Each currently alive and miffed off supernatural life force had been birthed right here on Planet Earth, like me and you and Cinta. And each current and miffed off supernatural life force is also immune, like me and you and Cinta, to every Mother Nature and man-made disaster, including all the natural elements and minerals and storms and weather patterns here top of the planet. To finally defeat our common enemies that share our same chemical and biological supernatural body system, then we need to find something that is not related to Planet Earth. Or we need to find something that was not birthed here on Planet Earth.”
In the ratty chair, Cinta gasped in alarm and looked up at the ceiling pretending it was the heavens, saying with a sneer. “Oh no! You didn’t just do that. Did you telepathic signal or contact a new race of aliens to come here and help us on Planet Earth?”
Beck laughed. “No, darling! No other smarter race of aliens would stomp their shiny boot toe here on top of the red tinted clay soil of Planet Earth and try to talk or work or communicate with the race of arrogant, selfish, greedy humans. The race of humans are still to cavemen primitive and toddler childish to work with an advanced race of aliens. Planet Earth is on lock down here. No other alien race is allowed communication, much less visitation to Planet Earth.”
She returned back and growled at Beck, “Who on the planet told you that lie, Beck?”
“I did,” Garth turned and nodded to Cinta.
She turned and gasped in shock at her brother. “What!”
“Our set of live parents sorta communicated with other alien races and then told all of their kids, but you, Cinta. Earthlings are a barbaric race of killers that enjoy murdering in cold blood mature and young adults, silly and crazy teens, and innocent toddlers and newborn babies. No outer space race of aliens wanna come here and greet the human race, much less assist them with any wonderful outer space travel. As a matter of fact, the human race does not believe in us. Here, we sit inside an abandoned house plotting to rid the world with the reminding force of alien-kind and god-kind. Thus, the race of humans are correct. They are the center of the universe.” She gasped in alarm and then nodded in silence with that statement.
Beck nodded with a stern face. “And I believe Garth's explanation comes from his set of wise, but dead parents. Back to business!  My new plan to rid the world of all alien-kind and god-kind, we are going to create a radiation dump site above the plot of green colored grass and below the row of white tinted clouds, inside the air waves, within the city of Birmingham, coming from every drifting tiny metal that is falling off the oldest star within the Milky Way Galaxy. I mentioned all of this information before and I will repeat. The solar sun star is 4.603 billion years old. Planet Earth is 4.543 billion years old. The Milky Way universe is 18 billion years old. The star cluster of the Pleiades is 11 billion years old.  Each one of the present day alien-kind had been birthed here on top of Planet Earth, but their chemical and biological and physical body still contains some the ancient blood and bones coming from each one of their dead and gone alien ancestors that came from an eleven billion year old Pleiades star cluster, eons ago. So, we had to find something older than 11 billion years of age. And I found it,” he nodded with loud laughter and stared at Garth and then Cinta without announcing his finding.
Garth sneered. “What!”
“What did you find, Beck?” She frowned.
He grinned. “I have found that the race of arrogant, greedy, and selfish humans are good for something very important here. The Earth scientists have found 2MASSJ18082002-5104378B. That long strand of mixed numbers and letters represents one of the very first created twinkling stars that had been squeaked out from the Big Bang explosion, which was compliments from our Maker. The celestial body is a slowly dying red dwarf star with an orbital period of 34.757 days and nights ...”
“How can a star or a planet or a celestial body orbit around the solar sun in 34.757 days?” She frowned with annoyance. “And how does a scientist mathematically measure out point 757 days within the current year of 365 whole days and night.”
He laughed. “I can answer that one ...”
“Finish your work explanation, so we can finish off that nasty gang of alien-kind and god-kind, Beck.” Garth frowned. His active mind and worried heart was pondering the welfare of his girl Risa, who had been abandoned at one of the last fights between them and the gang. She had been taken to their secret headquarters for tracking purposes, which was part of the deadly plan.
He waved both of his arms in the air and nodded with a smile. “The oldest star within the galaxy is comprised entirely of metals and 14 billion years old, which fits perfectly within our brilliant and deadly plan as the Pleiadian planet is 11 billion years old. The ancient and old red dwarf is slowly dying and spitting out an orbital trail of numerous deadly radioactive metals from its rock bed while it slowly plows ahead towards the solar sun. So, we will use the power from the power station pyramid and each one of the conduit obelisk towers and then sent an upwards stream of slightly yellow tinted electrons into the blue colored sky, through the white tinted clouds, and finally into black and cold outer space, tapping some of the drifting radioactive metals that slowly travels by our planet and towards the sun. Then we jerk down each one of radioactive metals from the heavens and build our new electromagnetic field above the grass and in the air waves. Next, we call out the gang of alien-kind and god-kind for an invited invitation to our final death party, flying down into our new deadly electromagnetic field. I promise here. Each one will dead a swift and painless death. Then our world will be rid of all alien-kind and god-kind. The end!”
Garth gasped in shock. “Beck, I ...”
“Beck!” Cinta swiftly stood upright from the ratty red colored chair and frowned at each male, pressing both un-manicured hands down over the ugly brown tinted dress, “Now, I'm finally done with this silly alien and goddess deadly work task. I can perform other duties as needed as I am one hundred percent alien and fifty percent goddess ...”
“You are one hundred percent goddess,” Beck turned with a smile and winked at Cinta. “And you’re my girl and you’re very unique.”
She winked back at Beck. “Thanks! Now, I'll go and get some lunch. What meal choice do you favor Chinese, Italian, pizza, hamburgers, hot dogs, fried chicken?”
“All of it including eating something fresh, hot, and spicy,” Garth looked down with a stern face and reached out, grabbing one of the ancient textbooks from the short pile.
She looked up and frowned through the broken glass window, viewing a vanilla covered sidewalk and a gray tinted street pavement. “Where are we again? I can’t use my cell phone as I don’t possess a city phone, due to the nasty gang of supernatural beings finding me and chasing after my cute, tight fanny. What is the city location again?”
Beck smiled at her nose profile. “We are located at the edge of a two-mile-long city street on the northern end of Los Angeles that used to be a fertile crop field of white tinted lima beans.”
She continued to study the sunny weather pattern through the array of broken glass missing her friend Risa and worrying about her future with Beck and her upcoming marriage. She sneered. “I hate white colored lima beans.”
Garth laughed and turned the page, “I love white tinted lima beans. Get going and get us some all types of fresh, hot, spicy food, Cinta!”
Beck chuckled. “In the year 1906 A.D, not B.C., investor Burton Green purchased the flat land property and named the brown tinted dirt Rancho Ro-dee-o de las Aguas with future plans of a new housing development. In the year 1912 A.D., not B.C., he had sold and built a few building plots on Ro-dee-o Street with the main dirt road a bridle path for running and walking horses.”
She sneered at the broken glass. “I hate horses.”
Garth smiled down at the page, “I love horses.”
Beck smiled. “In the year 1925 A.D., not B.C., in the month of November, investor Burton Green sold individual land plots for thirty thousand dollars to ambitious merchants. Then, the two-mile-long plot of dirt built building and displayed an assortment of hardware stores for tools, gas stations for automobiles, bookstores for novels, and grocery stores for food.”
She exhaled with annoyance. “I want have any trouble finding a plate of hot food for Garth’s growling stomach.”
“Get going and get me some food, Cinta!” Garth continued to read the information in the book.
Beck smiled. “In the year 1967 A.D., not B.C., the nicely paved city street opened up a clothing boutique for all the pretty and ugly girls. And, in the year 1969 A.D., not B.C., a hair salon opened next for pretty girls only,” laughing.
“I got it, Beck!” Cinta frowned.
“Los Angeles, we are located in metro city, which is famously nicknamed as L.A. We are hidden inside an abandoned house at the end of Ro-dee-o Street,” Garth laughed with a wink at Cinta, “In the year 1900, 8,065 horses called his cold spot of early Los Angeles their home, too, where one horse existed for every 12.7 people.”
“Joy!” Cinta frowned.
“Yeah, we are located at the end of Ro-dee-o Street. So, do not go and get lost, Cinta!”
Beck reached down into the pocket on his pair of torn and stained blue jeans, searching for the item.
She continued to stand and slapped her chest with a smile, “I never get lost.”
“That’s what they all say,” Garth laughed out loud and continued to flip the page.
Cinta exhaled with annoyance and scooted from the chair, spinning around with a sour frown, extending her hand to Beck. She frowned and wiggled her fingers. “I almost forgot. I need American money, since I can’t use my goddess powers to create a handful of money or a plate of food or a new pretty dress,” she slapped the ugly dress with her free hand and exhaled with more annoyance.
Beck extended his hand with a black colored credit card and a smile to Cinta, “You can use my credit card to pay for the food.”
“How!” She gasped in alarm and stared at Beck. “How can you do that? That’s yours, not my credit card. I don’t wanna get arrested and go into the local jail cell, Beck. Do you want me to go into jail right now, today, Beck?”
Beck laughed with a smile. “No. I don’t you to go into a jail cell. All you have to do is slide my plastic coated credit card through the upright magnetic slot on the payment machine and then listen to it beep. The soft beep represents that your business transaction of money is both complete and finished. The electronic money flows out from my bank account into the vendor’s accounting system in silence while paying for the purchased item. You do nothing, but buy it,” he laughed with Garth. “And don’t go and lose my only credit card either.”
She violently snatched up the credit card with a sneer at Beck. “I have never lost an item or a thing or a person within my short seventeen years of life,” Cinta swiftly spun around with a soft lady growl and advanced ahead towards the closed front door of brown tinted wood, exiting the house into the heated day.
The front door on the abandoned mansion sounded with an ear-piercing squeak upon closing shut as Cinta stood on top of the flat front porch in the ugly brown old fashioned widower dress and wore a sour frown while scanning a blue colored sky, a yellow tinted sun, and rows of white colored clouds, exhaling with annoyance. She sneered at the pretty elements of the day and whispered for her eardrums only. "Too much shit for a nickel and too much sugar for a dime! My dead mother used to say that old country expression. I really did not understand the theory of an alien back then. But I do now." She had been engaging in numerous bloody kills against the surviving alien-kind and god-kind creatures for the past six calendar months. The battle never seemed to end but continued into next week.
Every single time, she, her brother Garth, her boyfriend Beck, and her best friend Risa jumped from one city and landed down into a new city, the nasty gang of alien-kind and god-kind appeared in force and ready to battle. However, it was members of the gang of alien-kind and god-kind that ended there and died into nothingness while the four outlaws used the mirror cloud to escape towards a new city.
The four outlaws never dropped back into the same city for fear of an attack from their enemy.
So, week after week, day after day, hour after hour, minute after minute, second after second, millisecond after millisecond, the four outlaws would repeat a bloody battle and always win.
Cinta shook her blonde hair strands with red tinted end curls and moved ahead from the front door towards the sidewalk, frowning with frustration. “A smarter supernatural being would learn from their mistakes. But this gang of nasty beings does not learn from anything, only die into nothingness,” she stomped down on top of a vanilla colored sidewalk and then halted, scanning her new environment. “Do I go to the left or to the right side of the street for the food meals?” Cinta returned back and stared on her right side, nodding with a smile. “Yes, I like the colorful decorations on each one of the stores on my right side.” She turned from the driveway and strolled ahead towards a northern direction with a stern face, where two rows of nicely decorated buildings stood together on each side of a yellow tinted quaint cobblestone city street with an array of scattered shoppers who entered and exited the entrance door of each vendor shop.

At 05:16 pm, inside the abandoned mansion of dull gray tinted cider blocks, at the ancient wooden billiards table, Beck spun around on top of the light tinted wooden high stool and winked at Garth. “Will she get lost?”
Garth nodded with laughter. “Yeah, man! My sister will be lost for hours and hours and hours...”
He shook his long curls with laughter. “Well, that means we get to starve to death, before she finally returns back here with two plates of cold food, right before sunset at dusk. Was there any fresh food items inside the refrigerator?”
“Watch and learn, Beck! She'll forgot the two plates of food, too,” Garth smiled. “And the law authorities ransacked the entire house and stole all the food stuff while hauling off the nasty family of drug dealers.”
He gasped in shock. “Did you use your alien-kind powers to figure that out? We are not ...”
“Naw, man!” Garth turned and sniffed the air waves, viewing the mess inside the living room, “I used my common sense and my two supernatural nose holes smelling each wicked drug lords and the spicy scent of each law authority. One police officer was a female. I can still smell her fruity fragrance,” he sneezed for fun and returned back to view Beck, shaking his bone skull. “I didn’t activate my alien power and expose us to our enemies.”
“Good job, my alien friend!”
Garth reached down and rubbed his growling stomach, wearing a worried brow, “However, if I do not get some food, really fast, then I must just activate my awesome Seventh Son powers and conjure up a hot plate of chicken wings, before dying of starvation.”
He reached down and pulled out a second blue colored plastic credit card, winking at Garth. “I got that little problem covered. It’s the bigger one I can’t resolve or solve or terminate.”
Garth gasped in shock and pointed at the closed front door, where his sister had exited the house. “But I thought...”
“And she thought so, also. I only have two plastic coated credit cards with true money funds for purchasing our food, equipment pieces, and other services while we are on-the-run, until we are not on-the-run.”
“O! I see the truth. Cinta holds the lesser money fund of your two credit cards,” Garth gasped in alarm and shook his bone skull. “Geez, Beck! Cinta will overspend all of your monies on your personal black colored credit card and then she will accidentally expose us and alert our enemies to our present location, right here in Los Angeles. We need to ready for a fight and pick out our next city locate. They are always monitoring all radio, sky, sea, land, electronic, and banking frequencies.”
He nodded with a smile. “Yeah, they are always monitoring us through multiple computer and electronic platforms. But I have my own monitoring screen to befuddle each one of the alien-kind and god-kind creatures. And even your greedy and selfish and beautiful baby sister can’t possibly spend all my money fund on that single credit card. Once she purchases a single item, the card replenishes immediately from my bank account, which is located a safe place, the Cayman Islands,” he laughed with Garth. “The Cayman Islands are listed as a territory of Britain and under the King of England rule.”
Garth frowned. “The Queen of England and her rotten royal tarts are still alive.”
He laughed with a nod. “Well, I am here to tell that her royal elderly physical body won’t be breathing in numerous carbon dioxide and oxygen molecules for too much longer. She is one of the reminding nasty alien-kind, who is chasing after us.”
“Wait! I have seen her ancient and wrinkled face on the television devise, a couple of weeks ago.”
“That queen is a fake alien body-type. The real reptile is hiding inside the alien nest chasing after us. She like the others are afraid that we will reveal their hidden supernatural secret.”
Garth frowned. “Geez! Why would we do that? We are all either one of the alien-kind and god-kind too.”
“Then the alien queen is having some fun in the torment department and only wants us, four dead.”
Garth nodded. “Yeah, you can’t argue with a fun time of cold-blooded murder and screaming torture of an innocent victim. What about the rest of her alien-kind royal kinfolks?”
He laughed. “They like the royal treatment from the race of earthlings rather than the death package and do not wanna chase after us.”
“O! I know it all now.”
Beck nodded. “The Cayman Islands are comprised of three islands that measure 102 square miles with a population of 61,000 individuals including men, women, teens, children, and elderly and pet and pigs and dogs,” he laughed with Garth.
Garth nodded. “Then we should leave here and go there to live out our long and immortal life.”
“I'm not immortal,” he slapped his chest and laughed. “And I just told you that the ancient and old and ugly Queen of England rules there and is chasing after us for the final kill shot.”
“O! I remember it all now.”
Beck smiled. “The three islands did not possess an individual until the 17th century.”
Garth laughed. “The woodlands and the wildlife was a pond of lucky ducks, before the 17th century.”
He smiled. “The sea of lucky ducks was not the native plants and wildlife. The three islands had been found by a various of people including hiding pirates, shipwrecked sea sailors, who would kill the shipwrecked sea sailors, and numerous military deserters from the Jamaica War under British Oliver Cromwell. The first military deserter from the war found his person on top of one island with sunny weather with miles of white tinted sands. His name was Cayman Cushing. Then, he declaimed to own both the land and the name, which is still named after the lad today.”
Garth laughed. “Hmm! I did not know that useless and shared information.”
He laughed. “And here is another useless and shared tidbit of more new information! In the month of February, on the eighth day, in the year 1794, eleven merchant ships wrecked along the shoreline. Yeah, I wonder why and how. Yes, I question the information. However, the story goes as such. The gang of brave and bold Caymanians rescued all of the crew consisting of sailors and merchants, one of the rescued was a member of King George, the third's royal family unit. So, King George rewarded the people and never promised to levy taxes against the businesses or people or pets or plants or properties. Thus, it is still so today.
“So, no person or property or profitable company did not paid a penny of island income taxes but only local taxes that were placed on all imported goods, such like, automobiles, food stuff, and other items. So, the greedy and rich people heard and then drooled with their money opportunities. Since a business company does not pay income taxes to the island government or the British government, investors started buying and building structures  on top of the white sands without employees or equipment assets, but they housed cash money coming from all over the world. Thus, the Cayman Islands will bank your personal or business monies and never ask for an income tax dollar or a profit tax dollar or a wealth tax dollar while creating a popular tax heaven for rich people, like me,” he winked at Garth.
Garth nodded. “Is all of your money in there?”
“The money account comes from my parents, before their demise, during the civil war. They had placed all their funds plus the rest of my dead kinfolk’s monies in the same bank in my name, like I could live foreverly,” he laughed with a nod.
Garth nodded with a stern face, “Yeah, my parents had a bank account there in Apollo, until the civil war. They had used all their accumulated monies to buy some weird items for the Syzygy event. Maybe, they thought that they would not survive the death battle and they were right. They are dead along with the majority of the alien-kind and god-kind. Now, if we could just kill them off, before I get killed instead. I don’t know. All of this stuff is crazy and weird and odd and strange, but my empty stomach,” he rubbed his growling stomach with a smile. “I do not feel like working on an empty stomach.”
“Me, either,” Beck lifted up the credit card and winked. “I'll leave and go and get some grocery food, if you start fixing the big hole on the ceiling that I made with my two big feet. The weather is pretty, but it does rain here. And California people are really rude, mean, and nosy and will notice the damage to the house. We can pretend to be a gang of robbers or stalkers or vagabonds here. But, if there is damage to the structure, then we  will get reported to the local police authorities.”
Garth stood upright from the stool and spun around with a smile. “Shore thing! I saw some damaged wood that I can use my supernatural alien strength to rip from the wall and start on the repairs in the ceiling. Just be certain and bring two grocery buggies of fresh food and liquid for my hungry stomach. Wait!” He spun around in one fluid motion and frowned at Beck.
Beck slid off the high stool and stood in front of the billiards table, waving one arm in the air. “I know. I know. Bring back several cases of cold beer bottle too,” he dropped his arm and laughed out loud.
“Naw!” He pointed at the blue colored credit card. “You mentioned that Cinta has one money card and you have a second money card. Now, the gang of alien-kind and god-kind are monitoring our movements by supernatural magic, which we are not using with great tension and effort. And they monitor us with any electronic transactions such like bank or money transactions. If both of these credit cards are used at the same time, then the business transactions will be double or triple or quadruple the usual smooth daily financial process. I’m seriously worried that the smarter folks within the gang of alien-kind and god-kind creatures might be able to trace all of those live and numerous business money transactions with Cinta here in L.A. that leads to us who lives here in L.A., also.”
Beck waved the credit card near his grin. “Naw! My money is safely tucked away inside one of the many banks in the Cayman Islands, which I mentioned, a few moments ago. If you are not familiar with the geographical location of the islands. The three islands are located in the western section of the Caribbean Sea on top of a massive underwater ridge that had developed during the Ice Age. Where I promise, I didn’t live, eat, and poop back then and back there, even though hot gossip from a set of nasty folks states otherwise,” he laughed with Garth. Beck smiled. “That massive underwater ridge is 20,000 feet deep down in the salty ocean water...”
He waved both of his arms in the air and shouted out loud with annoyance. “Why is your useless and shared information important here? Now, I'm very concerned for my welfare plus yours and Cinta’s."
Beck smiled. “I'm getting to that part. Behave! Be patient!"
He shook his bone skull with a worried brow. “My patience is all gone. I’m hungry, tired, and sick of our enemies. We’ve been running for months. They’ve been chasing for us for months.”
Beck slapped his chest with laughter and a head nod. “We are winning. They are losing, Garth.”
“I feel like a loser, not a winner,” he shook his bone skull again and deeply sighed with worry for his sister and his girlfriend Risa, who was located now at the enemy headquarters somewhere in the world.
Beck nodded with a grin. “The three islands lie 430 miles south of metro city Miami in the USA; 470 miles east of the country of Mexico; 227 miles south from the country of Cuba, and 310 miles northwest from the country of Jamaica. After hearing my valuable geographical lecture, the trio of islands are isolated within the oceans waters of the Atlantic with the highest soil peak at 141 feet from sea level and is only accessible by airplane or ship. The Cayman Islands merchant marine ships number 123 that includes bulk carries, cargo ships, chemical tanks, petroleum tankers, and refrigerated cargo ships for various functions and purposes and cargo items. So, no unfamiliar ship can roll over the Atlantic ocean waters and dock at one of the island ports without permission and purpose. Also, the population of Cayman Islands is 61,000 persons, where the number of international financial bank and money institution is triple that mathematical number with slow growth for next five years. There must be lots of wealthy greed humans living on the planet. The native population is small and includes very limited workforce of the 21,000 non-citizen and foreigners, who each are granted an island work permit for only nine years. Part of receiving a work permit, the non-citizen must pass a police legal background check and a health welfare checkup, which includes testing negative for syphilis and HIV virus. And the non-citizen of the Cayman Islands must have employment before moving to one of the three islands. Thus, the employer pays for the permit and ensures their work employee is health. A further security measurement includes that the potential work employee stays away from the Cayman Islands sandy property or business entity work complex until their work permit have been approved.”
he frowned. “So, tell me again! What’s the point of your island lecture, Beck?”
Beck nodded with a chuckle. “The Cayman Islands business model is a haven for wealthy people and their tons of material earth money. No one nasty alien-kind or god-kind can stomp a supernatural bigfoot toe print down on top of the white tinted sands without the local authorities spying and then finding their upright body near the oceans waters, even if that creature had flew there from their well-hidden enemy hideout. So, I am worried about one of the alien-kind or god-kind finding the money trail of purchased goodies and services as I am just one more long string of numeric numbers at the Cayman Islands Bank as a secret customer who spends my money throughout the world. Do you feel better now, Garth?”
He nodded with a smile and rubbed his growling stomach. “Yeah, I do feel a little better, but my rumbling stomach doesn’t. What about ...?”
Beck slid off the high stool and stood on top of the semi-dirty wooden floor, pointing up to the ceiling, nodding to Garth. “I’ll run out and grab us two shopping carts of fresh groceries, if you could start to fix the hole in the ceiling. Do you remember what I had said about the vagabond rule?"
Garth slowly stood upright from the high stool and stared up at the hole in the ceiling, viewing the blue sky and beams of bright sunlight. “Yeah, I remember your street lecture. So, I’ll start my domestic task for my food and will finish my manly task, before you can back from your girly job with the two shopping carts of fresh food,” he spun around and laughed, moving ahead, scanning the house for tools and extra pieces of wood planks to repair the ceiling.
Beck laughed and spun around from the billiards table, swiftly exiting the house for his girly job.

At 5:45 pm, outside in the pleasure day of bright sunlight, Cinta slowly strolled ahead on the same sidewalk from the abandoned house with a sour frown and crossed a new busy street city, mangling with a pod of scattered shoppers on top of the new vanilla sideway, searching for the closest restaurant to purchase three plates of hot food and then returning back to the abandoned house to clean up her nasty new living space.
Sometimes, Beck would select a nice hotel for the team of rebels to live and trash. Other times, Garth would pick out an abandoned building with cats, rats, and other rodents that required clean-up, before sleeping peacefully at night.
Later, it was the same old dangerous and deadly routine, left out from the hidden city, engage the enemy in the clouds, kill some of the enemy persons, before escaping into a city.
And the same old dangerous and deadly routine was getting serious and deadly.
Right now, her girl best Risa had been selected, without her knowledge, to infiltrate the enemy headquarters. Then Garth could find her and the team could discover their hideout, traveling to the hot spot, destroying the enemy, finally.
Then, the foursome could finally marry their respective supernatural persons and live a happy and non-violent life for a very long, long time.
Cinta continued to scan each side of the sidewalk and studied the building. Each building was nicely decorated in tan rock or brick with a row of tall undivided glass window that displayed numerous items, but not a plate of food. Then she halted with a gasp inside the pod of shoppers and pointed at the established building, shouting out loud with excitement. “Jimmy Choo, that the famous fashion designer name on that tan colored brick building that displays the proper noun of Jimmy Choo. The window displays shows rows of female and male shoes. Why is this famous designer brand store located here on the Row-dee-so Street?” She turned to see the other side building and gasped in shock, pointing at the window display, shouting out loud with more excitement. “Louis Vuitton, that famous fashion designer name on that tan colored brick building displays the proper noun of Louis Vuitton. The window displays shows tall and short podiums with handbags, beautiful handbags. Louis Vuitton is a luxury brand name for nice leather handbags. Why is this store located on the Row-dee-so Street?” She returned back and scattered the pod of chatty and well-dressed shoppers. Each shopper was strolling down the sidewalk and then stopped, entering into a new store.
Cinta gasped in shock and swiftly marched ahead, staring at each name on the building,  shouting out loud the name in puzzlement. “Agent Provocateur for designer female lingerie; Van Cleef and Arpels for designer French jeweler and watchmaker; Coach for designer handbags; Tod’s for designer Italian shoes and handbags; Battaglia Shop for designer male clothing; Tory Burch for designer clothes and handbags; Guess for designer blue jeans and clothes; Giorgio Armani for designer clothes and fashions, ” she continued racing ahead with a smile and stopped at the city street intersection, studying the new roadway. the street sign states Little Santa Monica. I know where I am at. I know this place. I can’t believe my good lucky. This is good. This is great,” she spun around with a chuckle and dashed ahead, staring at each side with the row of same buildings again, until sliding to a halt with a gasp. She stared at the street city sign and shouted out loud, waving both of her arms in the air. “Wilshire Boulevard, I know. I know it. I am standing at the street intersection of Wilshire Boulevard and South Santa Monica Boulevard, so that means I am staring down at two miles of roadway which properly named Row-day-o Drive, not Ro-dee-o Street, brother Garth,” she dropped her arms and slapped the ugly brown colored dress, exhaling with annoyance. “In the year 1906, the Row-day-o Land and Water Company renamed the land property after Beverly Hills in Beverly, Massachusetts for the rolling hills here in California. Then the company subdivided the plot of land into individual lots and sold the first house here in Beverly Hills, in the 1907, where my silly brother and my annoying finance are sitting around that billiards table.” She cuddled her hands near her smile. “O well! I can’t become too angry as I am have died and gone into heaven. I am standing in the city of Beverly Hills and staring at each designer store that sells designer products,” she slapped the ugly dress with a grin and a giggle. “I need a closet of new clothes, new shoes, new purses, new hats, new ... naw. I don’t have any money to purchase new clothes. My brother Garth does not have any money either. I need money,” she slipped her hand down into the front pocket on her ugly brown tinted dress and slowly pulled out the black tinted credit card, frowning at the item. “And Beck does not have any money either. I am supposed to purchase food and bring back our lunch meal. So, there must be enough money for two plates of food and two hands of new manicured fingernails. Yeah, baby! I will forgo a plate of hot food and get my ten nails filed and polished. I need some pampering here. This will be my reward for living here but not living it up here. Yeah,” she nodded with a stern face and quickly re-crossed the road, slowly strolling down the sidewalk of busy people, staring at each building. She whispered to her eardrums only. “I need a bank machine. I need to know how much money is on the credit card, before I get a manicure. I do not need trouble from Beck or Garth or the angry mod of alien-kind and god-kind.”
Cinta slowly turned, headed towards one of the free standing banks with a smile and then stopped, stopping outside the building in front of the bank machine. She slipped the credit card into the horizontal slot and slapped the enter key, watching the screen. The screen demanded a secret password. I don’t know the secret code password. Beck did not mention one. O! This is a credit card. I do not need a secret code to purchase an item. But I need to know the money balance on the credit card. Shoot!” She pressed the exit button with a sour frown. The card spat out from the slot and down into her open palm.
She scooted sideways with a stern face and entered the cool lobby inside the bank building, strolling with authority to the information desk, waving the credit card near her fake grin. She stopped and stood in front of the handsome young adult male at the office desk, leaning down with a smile, contacting to his two green colored eyeballs. He stared into her violet colored eyeballs and dropped open his mouth without viewing her tacky dress. Cinta used her goddess scent and her goddess trance on the cute male, whispering with a low, sexy voice into her face. “Hello there, cutie pie! I cannot read the money balance on my personal credit card due to the morning sunlight on the tiny screen of glass. My daddy was supposed to reload money into my credit card account for my daily shopping spree. I do not wanna be arrested by the big, bag police officer for acting like a thief. Could you please check the money balance on my personal credit card, sir?”
The bank male continued to hold his two eyeballs at Cinta and smiled into her trance, reaching out, gently touching her black colored credit card. “Sure! Yeah! Of course, miss!” His hand grabbed the card and then turned to face the computer on the desk, gently slipping the card into the horizontal slot, dropping the fingers down on the computer keyboard. He continued to stare with a goofy smile at Cinta. His body and his mind had performed this activity numerous times during the day while checking the credit card for criminals or absent-minded teenagers.
The computer desktop softly beeped with the new electronic money information as the male continued to stare at Cinta with a goofy smile.
Cinta leaned further over the wooden office desk and turned to view the glass computer screen, gasping in shock. “Is that correct?”
“Is what correct, miss? Your perfume smells delightful.”
She pointed down at the computer screen with a stern face. “Is that money amount correct on the screen?”
“Yes, your personal credit card displays the correct money amount on my screen.”
She gasped in shock and reached over with a smile, pressing the button on the keyword. The card spat out from the slot. Cinta grabbed and cuddled the card, softly giggling, quickly spinning around from the male. She swiftly broke the goddess trance and rapidly exited the bank building into the heated sunlight, laughing out loud.
Cinta stopped at the end of the roadway and released the card, staring with a smile down the twinkling black hue on the plastic. “The credit card money balance is 300 million dollars. Beck has been naughty hiding money for me. So, I'm getting a manicure and a pedicure and then my hair done. Then I'm going shopping until I drop down on the floor from extreme exhaustion,” she moved ahead with an evil laugh and entered the Hair Salon for a day of body pampering.

At 06:08 pm on a heated day, back at the borrowed house, inside the living room setting, around the billiards table, Beck continued to sit on top of the high stool and eat the food, making a mess over the green tinted velvet cover on the billiards table. He handed a manual textbook to Garth and then reached down, pulling out an object, spreading the item over the side edges of the billiards table and placed his sweaty can of soda on the edge of the paper. He stared down with a smile at the map. “I found a paper world map inside that massive library room which will be used to complete the last few steps of our work task. We can plot each power station pyramid and every known conduit obelisk on top of this flat world map. Hey! Look at that! The world is really flat or flattened or square shaped,” he laughed with Garth.
Garth swallowed the food and shook his blonde locks. “Do you always tell jokes, when not funny? Yes, you do. So, please, please, stop with all of your non-funny jokes! What am I to do with this textbook, Beck?”
Beck smiled and lifted up two small boxes near his smile, viewing Garth with laughter. “I hold in each cupped hand a box of old fashioned tacks. Inside one box, the tail on the tack is colored in bright sky blue. The other box, the tail is tinted in bright red color. Now, you take the blue box and find each free-standing pyramid and stab that invisible sucker down into the paper map. I will find and stab the obelisk with each red-tailed tack. First, we must plot out an electricity stream of the flowing current ...”
Garth reached over with a smile and grabbed a single red-tailed tinted tack, stabbing the country of Egypt with laughter, softly tearing the paper map. He lifted both of his arms in the air and looked up, shouting out loud with a smile to Beck. “Done! Boom! When do we crank the bigger Egyptian power source and start the electricity flow right now towards Birmingham, Alabama? Tomorrow morning! Or when Cinta finally comes back before the suppertime meal?” He continued to wave his arms and laughed out loud.
Beck looked up from the paper map and gasped in shock, looking back down at the red-tailed tinted tack, returning back with a stern face to see Garth. “Uh! I do not mean to insult here, Garth. But electricity charge is not going to jump from the pyramid and land on top of the obelisk like a soaring basketball inside a metal hoop. Our current timeline is not the future year 5005 A.D. A continuous stream of electricity charges do not travel through the naked air waves and land down on something, such like, a metal pole or a sitting human or a grazing moo cow.
Garth laughed out loud and spat out the liquid, getting the paper map wet. “Suck like! So, what do we do here?”
He exhaled with worry. “Electricity is a not a source of energy; it is a directional flow of current charges. Within the current are electrons and protons that are electrically charged. Thus, each proton and electron carries a part of the electric current.
“For example, if you plug in that vacuum cleaner black tinted cord there down on the floor, then it contains both electrons and protons coming out from the side wall electrical outlet. But the electrons and protons do not flow forward until the electrical energy source is activated which is the side black tinted button that powers up the vacuum cleaner equipment.
“Since, electricity is composed of protons and electrons, the speed of the steady electrical current depends on a source of transportation. For a human family inside their human house, the flow of electricity current is very slow as not to blow the delicate circuits or cause a fire. However, in our case, the source of transportation will move swiftly and use each conduit, the obelisk.”
“But, you just said that the electric charges as a group cannot jump from the source and fly into the naked air waves,” Garth sat back and listened to Beck while sipping on the warm can of soda.
“Yes, I said that. And yeah, you heard that. The electricity inside the wall outlet does not flow ahead; instead it sits in one place and waits for a power source to activate the charged current that flows ahead. So, we must flow a massive amount of electrical charges and then halt the current, swiftly building an electromagnetic field that will trap and then capture each one of alien-kind and god-kind creatures, before their destruction and then disappearance from Planet Earth.”
Garth nodded with a stern face. “A human family lives within a human house with a low-stream of steady electricity that provides light for seeing, warm air during the wintertime, and cool air during the heated summertime. That steady low-stream of electric charges is not a massive amount of anything.”
He winked with a smile at his friend. “Now, you're getting a picture of my brilliant plan. To build my permanent trap field, in the city of Birmingham, I must accumulate a massive amount of electrical charges. One method is to start in the country of Egypt using the largest pyramid power station. Once the power station is activated, beams of hot sunlight will fill the inner walls of the power station to maximum capacity. Then the power station will need to release out that set of accumulated electrical charges or the pyramid will implode without reason or explanation. Then the scientific world of dumb human scientists will freak out and fly to Egypt to explore the un-natural phenomena. The power station had been used for centuries for the Ancient Egyptian peoples. So, the first power station will release out a large bolt of streaming electrical charges that will fly directly into the obelisk and sit in place and waits for another power source or the activation of a second pyramid. Then the bolt of streaming electrical charges will shoot out from the top of the obelisk and automatically find and flow down into a second pyramid.
“In Ancient Egypt, each mud house held an array of golden tinted antennas that captured each electrical charge which soared from the pyramid top heading towards the towering tall Egyptian obelisk. The obelisk was a safe conduit that held all of the electrical charges until the supply was used. During the night, the electrical charges would reduce down into nothingness and become ready for a new day of stored sunlight.”
He looked down and tapped on the paper map, “First, I plan to activate and charge numerous free standing pyramids which will swiftly accumulate and hold the maximum amount of electrical charges from the beams of hot, light, and bright sunlight, which will set there, until it is commanded to move from the power source by me,” he laughed alone. “Second, I plan to activate in a sequential pattern the first obelisk to capture the first set of electrical charges. Then I will release the first row of electrical charges from the first obelisk that will flow and hold inside a second pyramid, where the set of electrical charges will double in volume. Then I will release a double bolt of electrical charges coming from the second pyramid power station and hit its associated obelisk tower, where the electrical charges will triplet ...”
“Woe, Beck!” Garth lifted his palms near a worried brow. “You are developing a 10,000 megaton atomic bomb.”
“No, I'm sequentially accumulating a massive amount of electric charges in one big single shiny blob that lands down like a space ship without the green tinted aliens and then quickly forms an electromagnetic field over the Birmingham stadium sports field.”
“Why did you pick the Birmingham stadium and its nicely manicured grassy field?”
Beck smiled. “Old Gary Man is composed of used rubber tires on both the interior and exterior walls. Rubber isolates against an type of electric current. The football stadium is a unique structure, where I can capture and build an electrical field of electric charges across the top in the air waves that won't even affect the manicured green grass or the rows of nicely potted green tinted plants or the rows of white clouds in the skyline. Once I have built that air-born trap field, each alien-kind and god-kind creature will sense my Seventh Son movements and come to me,” he laughed out loud and nodded with a wicked grin. “You and me and each alien-kind and god-kind creature is composed of molecules, which are made of atoms, which are made of tiny particles, which are called protons and electrons. Then each electron or proton is made of positive and negative components. A quantum field of electricity comprises only positive charges coming from the proton or only negative charges coming from the electron. Now, when all of the negative electrons are pulled away from the positive protons, you will see the behavior of electricity which lights up stormy skyline as a thunder bolt or it wiggles as the hot wire on top of the earth soil, when the wire or bolt is cut by a force or an accident.”
Garth nodded with understanding, “So, you're going to build your trap field with only negative electrons. I might not know the scientific movement of electricity. But the effect of a positive and negative matter will cancel each other out and become neutral. If you build your electromagnetic field with both positive and negative protons, then each one of our nasty enemies will not stick or stand or sit inside the field.”
Beck lifted up his empty can of soda and winked with a smile to Garth. “Toast to our success! You got it right, buddy!” They gently crashed the soda cans together and parted each item while nodding in silence.
He held the empty soda can in the air and grinded his teeth, staring back at Beck, softly growling with worry. “Yeah, I got it right! ” He dropped the soda can back down on top of the green tinted bed cloth inside the billiards table.
Beck slowly dropped back down the empty can of soda and grabbed one of the blue tinted tack, stabbing the paper map on the location of the Great Pyramid of Giza, clapping with delight. “Now, we're going to figure out the plan and then plot out the longest track of obelisk or energy tall tower conduits that can continuous captures a steady current flow of electric currents that will build the biggest, gigantic, and largest mouse trap within Earth’s history.”
He reached over and grabbed a second blue tinted tack, slamming the point end inside the country of Iraq in silence.
The eyeballs on Beck darted at the second red tinted tack and as his voice shouted out loud, waving both of his arms in the air, “Whoa! No! Don’t do that! What are you doing, Garth?”
He pointed down at the tack and looked up with a smile while nodding to Beck. “My red colored tack is not actually on the real location of the ancient city of Mesopotamia, but it should be really close inside the country of Iraq. I'm working to plot all of the pyramids on the paper map where the electricity currents will flow around the world and then eventually land down inside the city of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama in the United States of America. Then all of our worries and stresses will be gone. Old King Hammurabi built hundreds of pyramids there. We just pick a few ancient disintegrating pile of stones and then whisper the secret numbers or letters and open the door letting out the thunder bolts in the skyline. Now, I understand why Greek leader Zeus wands a thunderbolt with his god powers that zaps humans into piles of sizzling ash dust and gods and goddesses into nothingness," he laughed. 
Beck exhaled with annoyance. “We can’t use any of the Sumerian ziggurats. Each one has a flat head, not a pointy head,” he laughed.
He gasped in shock and then smiled. “What! What not! What does that mean? Based on the home history lesson coming from my mom and dad, each Sumerian city-state had erected a ziggurat temple in the center of the city compound which had housed a particular alien and that alien had dictated his or her rules and laws and regulations to each human king. Each Sumerian pyramid was actually called a ziggurat with layered platforms that supported the temple and an archway that held up a strong dome. The ziggurat also contained buttresses, recesses, half columns, and clay nails.”
“Garth!”
He held up his open palm and smiled at Beck. “On top of each ziggurat, there was a court yard and a pond of water for something. At the rear of the platform, there was a podium and a table of dried mud for each animal and vegetable sacrifice. What do you sacrifice a vegetable? Why would you sacrifice a vegetable? Is the upcoming sacrificed vegetable rotten or ripen or fresh? Inside the ziggurat, each interior wall displays individual rooms for each priest. Over time, each Sumerian ziggurat was raised upon a construction of mud platforms that almost touched the skyline. Each platform is built as a rectangular or an oval or a square shape but always appears as a flat top. The name of each live king had their names engraved glazed mud bricks too.”
Beck frowned. “Garth, we must use a pyramid with a pointy tip, because we must place the benben stone on top of the crumbling pointy tip. A benben stone is a hollow mound of precious mineral of silver in the shape of a triangle that covers the tip of the pyramid. Made of silver mineral, each benben stone easily captured the first rays of the sunlight that started the morning work hours for the ancient Egyptian workers and then activated the triggers that absorbed and trapped each sunray, storing tons of energy streams down into the pyramid like a modern day cooler for cold beverages. We're going to duplicate that ancient energy source and must only use a pointy tip from each pyramid power source. Each Sumerian ziggurat displays a flat top, not a pointy tip. Thus, the Sumerian culture did not construct a benben stone that accumulated energy light and heat from the natural solar sun.”
He frowned. “I know that. Where is the benben stone devise located?”
“It’s hidden inside each tall obelisk.”
“Well, either ancient or modern man and woman have already find that valuable silver tinted object and have sold it on the Black Market for millions of dollars, US or EU,” he laughed.
Beck smiled. “No, the benben stone is stored inside the inners obelisk and can only be accessed by mouth with a special strands of numbers and letters.”
“How do you know this knowledge?”
Beck slapped his chest with a smile. “Well, I wasn't a hot jock or a popular kid in school and I read numerous subjects, instead of going on a hot date with another hot girl. And I'm a baby god from the Egyptian culture, who is minus centuries old. My parents and my grandparents and my great grandparents and my great-great grandparents had ensured each god and goddess was educated with their Egyptian past lifestyle. So, yeah, I do know lots of sweet secretive stuff.”
He frowned. “I'm not a god, but an alien. I don't know lots of sweet secretive stuff. My alien clan was not sharing or caring. How will I know what special strand of letters and numbers to whisper at the tall obelisk?”
“I plan to teach you. Now, please, remove the second blue colored tack from the flat-top ziggurat in the ancient city of Mesopotamia within the modern day country of Iraq and stab it down on top of another pyramid with a pointy top.”
He looked down and flipped through the manual textbook searching for a pointy tip on one of the ancient pyramids, mumbling with worry. "Well, I read unique topics and books that only tickled my butthole. But I did read this fascinating piece of ancient history. It was 3,700 years ago which was around 5700 B.C. All the peoples, plants, pets, and places north of the Dead Sea had been annihilated by a super-heated blinding blast that came down from the sky and left any only flattened sand grains without one single human tooth. I always wondered about that natural phenomena."
"It wasn't Mother Nature," Beck looked down and flipped the pages on his textbook. "One of the arrogant gods or goddesses sent out too many rows of electrical charges from the first obelisk that produced a blast which was equal to ten million megaton atomic bomb that killed peoples, pets, plants, and places within a 200-mile radius. He or she was acting like a god and playing with fire."
Garth stared down at the page without studying the information. "If I recall correctly, the first ancient civilization was established around 4,000 B.C."
"You definitely know your ancient history, Garth."
Garth frowned with worry. "Yes, I do."


Same day, different USA city with USA Mountain Time Zone...

At 05:01 pm, seventeen years old alien girl Risa opened her two eyelashes and gasped in shock, viewing a thick white tinted mist around her physical body. She rested down on her back spine on top of a smooth, flat surface, like a glass bed, but not a glass coated bed mattress. She did not move but continued to stare into the white tinted thick mist that appeared in front of her five senses with confusion. She gasped in alarm.
Risa wiggled her resting body side to side checking for an injury or open wound, finding a healthy female body intact and functioning. She exhaled with relief.
Her mind quickly pondered her delicate situation.
She wiggled an arm up from the smooth surface and halted in front of her confused face as the mist slowly twirled around her limb, her face, and her new place. She clearly saw more mist than her stationary limb and exhaled with worry, slowly reaching upward, until her fingers tapped on the top smooth surface that blocked her movement.
She gasped in alarm again and then panicked in horror.
Risa wiggled her body side to side and extended all limbs upwards and then downwards, shuffling sideways and as her physical body surveyed an outline of her resting place, a glass coated rectangular box. She gasped in fear and screamed out loud while her eyeballs darted side to side throughout the this mist, without hearing or seeing or touching another person. She gasped in terror and yelled out loud. “Help me! Someone, come and help me! Someone, come here! I am inside here. I am inside a glass box. I am trapped inside a glass box,” she rolled to the side and slammed her nose bridge without blood into a solid smooth and flat glass wall, gasping in panic, flipping to the opposite side wall and smashed the same nose bridge without blood into a second matching glass wall. She gasped in fright and screamed out loud, sobbing with her upcoming death from suffocation. “No one knows I am here trapped here. I am going to die. I didn't get to say goodbye to my parents. Where are my parents? Where am I? I don't know. I am scared and frightened.”
Risa slowly scooted forward using her back spine and fanny, slapping the end portion on the glass box, stinging her two naked feet and then grunted out loud with fear. She slowly shuffled backwards and as her hair roots gently tapped the opposite end of the glass box. She carefully scooted forward and halted back in the middle of her imprisonment of a glass box and pondered her situation again. “Why am I here? How did I get here? Who had brought me here? I do not know. I do not understand. Why is this happening to me? I am a good girl. I am a popular girl. I am liked by many,” she stared and studied the twirling rays of white tinted mist. “The mist allows me to breath,” she inhaled a large gulp of fresh air and then exhaled the used carbon molecules into the glass box. “Well, I am alive. How long have I lived here? Why am I living here? I can breathe and I can talk, so I am conscious and alive. But I am frustrated and nervous.” She continued to study the mist and reached up, waving both of her arms gently within the swirling currents. “The air currents are warm and do not coat my skin, only gently twirl around the air and my hands and my body for some weird reason.”
Risa slowly swished her hands side to side and watched each mist stream park from her slow movement, giggling with silliness. “Well, I have finally concluded. I am dead. This is the only logical explanation. This is the finale, the afterlife. I always thought the afterlife would be a lush garden of smelly flowers and a pink tinted horizon with lots of flying angels and self-playing musical harps. So, I guessed wrong. This is heaven.” She gasped in worry. “Oh no! This is hell. I have been sentenced to live and breathe down here in hell, not up there in a sweet and nice heaven. This is too logical. A person is locked in a box for the rest of their breathing days and surrounded by a white mist of soft air, without eating or socializing or shitting inside a clean and pine-scented bowl of fresh toilet water. Urggh! I had been a bad person on Planet Earth. So, I have been sentenced down into hell.”
Risa sobbed with hot, wet tears and wiped each rolling tear from her wet face, whispering for her eardrums only. “I do not understand. Why was a bad girl? I thought I was a good girl. I ate all my vegetables. I had obeyed my parents. I was nice to everyone,” she cried out loud. “No way! I didn't finish my school homework assignments like a good high school student. Did that bad act get me a spot in hell? I didn't know that Satan enjoyed learning about new subject matter. But I am definitely feeling the cold walls of eternal imprisonment here,” she continued to loudly sob and produced rolls of hot, wet tears, rolling down her wet face, slapping both of her palms on each side wall inside her glass prison box. Her swiftly hand actions sent numerous puffs of white mist streams whirling around both of the glass walls and her stationary body.
Then, a loud sound echoed throughout her glass box coming from the top of her glass box.
Risa stopped sobbing and as her eyeballs darted around each glass wall seeing only the fluff of white tinted mist. Her heart rate increased. Her active mind flooded with worried thoughts. Her body instinctively flung to the right and then the left, exhaling out more sour breathes of poisonous carbon molecules inside her enclosed glass box of death.
A few seconds later, on the side glass wall, a faint image appeared and wore a smile of white teeth, knocking on the glass, shouting out loud outside the box as each word penetrated the glass box. “Hey, you! I’m sorry. But I didn’t cause an accident here. Are you okay? You looked scared to death.”
Risa halted her set of violent movement, after hearing the faint words inside her glass box, and then turned to see a faint image of a face on the outside of the glass. She flipped over and knocked her fist on the glass, shouting out loud with worry. “Hey, you out there! I'm trapped in here! Help me in here! I’m trapped in here! I can see you! Can you see me? I cannot get out from here. Please break down the glass wall for me! I'm dying in here. There's no air. I can’t breathe any air molecules. Help me!”
The faint image from the female laughed out loud with her smile and leaned down into the glass wall. “Look! I'm sorry. But I didn’t cause an accident in there. Are you okay? You looked scared to death, honey.”
Risa continued to fling each limb and slapped them into each glass wall, creating minor pain which she ignored, screaming out loud with her desperate plea of precious life force. “Hey, you out there. I'm trapped in here. Help me in here! I’m trapped in here ...”
The unknown female smiled with a nod to Risa. “You must be a newbie  here at the headquarters. We are getting a lot of stray alien-kind and god-kind and goddess-kind coming in from all places looking for a home. You are not trapped, newbie. The white mist is your sour breathe molecules. They form when you breathe in and out from your nose or lips. You are not a dead body either. This is your assigned box for resting and refreshing your life force. First, to clear the white mist, you must inhale in vast gulps of air, sucking back in her sour breath molecules. Breath in! Do that now!”
"What!"
"Breath in! The fog has been created from you. So, breath in!"
Risa gasped in shock and exhaled more sour breathe molecules after hearing the new information, turning to view the whirling mist, laughing out loud. She stopped the laughter and parted her lips, slowly sucking up the streams of white mist back into her mouth. The mist slowly entered her mouth and disappeared from the enclosed glass box. She could clearly see that her active mind had outlined the correct object, a long, rectangular box made of smooth and transparent glass, such like, a human coffin inside a room, not underneath the dirt.
After the mist had cleared from her glass box, Risa returned back and nodded to the nice unknown female, who displayed a long hair in the colors of black with thick strands of purple, green, and yellow and a pair of blue eyeballs on a tone of pale white skin. Risa smiled. “I did it. I inhaled back into my mouth my mist,” she burped out loud and then giggled with silliness.
The female nodded. “Good job, newbie! This is your personal assigned glass box for the sleeping hours. Now, to get out, just slap any side glass wall with your hand or your foot or your finger or your nose bridge. It doesn’t matter which warm body part you use, just pick one and then use it,” she giggled at the silly new female, who was trapped inside her glass box.
Risa nodded with a smile with the instruction acknowledgment and reared back her hand, shooting her hand forward, slapping the side glass wall. the wall broke apart and then disintegrated the glass, creating a rectangular-sized hole. Risa fell forward through the opening and landed down on her face and both palms with a loud grunt. Her two legs continued to rest inside the bottom of the glass box. She giggled with silliness and shuffled her body, struggling to stand upright, nodding with a smile to the new female. “I did it. Thanks a lot! I’m lost here for words. And I feel cold.”
The new female giggled and slapped both of her palms at her breasts, pressing them down her naked body, winking with a smile to Risa. “You are naked like me!”
Risa gasped in shock and looked down, viewing her naked body, feeling the warm air, not cold air throughout the wide hallway. “Why I am like this? Who robbed me of my clothing? Where am I? Who are you? What is this place? I'm so confused and lost and befuddled.”
“And you have a great big gigantic human hand print on your face, left cheekbone. You had survived the last encounter with the four outlaws and then became injured. You were brought back here to live at your new home.”
Risa reached up and gently pressed her left cheekbone, grunting in pain, feeling the bruise. “Yeah, I can feel the bruise, but I'm still confused. What last encounter? What four outlaws? Where is the place? Where am I? What is this place? How did I become injured? I do not really remember anything like that.” She covered her naked breasts with both arms and scanned her new environment with a stern face.
This place was not an individual room with four walls in colorful paint, but a wide, rectangular hallway with four walls, the ceiling, and the floor all made of solid smooth glass. She looked down and reached out, circling her naked toes on one foot over the smooth floor, feeling the warmth, not coldness. She stood upright again and looked up, slowly spinning around, scanning the rest of the hallway. 
The middle of the hallway was empty allowing for foot traffic. One side wall made of solid glass contained a crazy pattern of single individual glass rectangular boxes that stood against the wall or in place in space, like magic. Each glass box was connected at the end point to the next glass box without stacking the boxes on top or side by side. Each glass box view allowed the person to see inside another glass box.
Risa frowned with confusion and continue to view her new environment. “This is really weird.”
The new female laughed. “Don’t worry! It becomes more weirder.”
Risa continued to view the side wall of glass, where a crazy stack of individual glass boxes continued down the side of the hallway, such like, a horizontal apartment building for a renter. She slowly completed her one-turn and then halted, staring at the opposite side wall inside the same hallway.
A long wall of the same solid glass materials displayed the outside environment consisting of a pale blue sky, bright sunshine, tall mountain ranges with groves of thick trees, and assortment of flying, roaming, and crawling wildlife. Her active mind clicked and absorbed the new information while trying to find out her secret location.
She reached out and gently touched Risa on the arm, nodding with a smile. “You are in good company here. Do you feel alright now? This place is called the Alien Headquarters.”
Risa returned back and gasped in shock at the new female. “Alien Headquarters! I am ...” A loud whistle interpreted her words. A tall young male slowly moved down the glass hallway with his two friends and turned with a smile, nodding to a naked Risa. Risa looked up and gasped in shock at the trio of naked males while blushing in embarrassment. “He is naked. You are naked too. I am naked three. Why is everyone here naked? I don’t understand any of this. And I wanna wear clothes. I like to wear clothes. I like to be covered in clothes.” She flung her open palms down over her private parts with more embarrassment.
The new female nodded with a giggle. “Some of the new residents usually like the act of freedom. But I can assist you with that task of providing a set of clothes.” She back stepped from Risa and spun around, moving forward down the same hallway with a smile. “Please, follow me this way!”
Risa did not move but continued to pose in her nakedness with both hands over her private parts, sneering at the back spine on the new female, “Look! I'll stand right here and wait for you while posing in the nude. You quickly come back here with a set of new or old or used or abused clothes. It doesn’t matter the size. Anything but extra small will do for me.”
The female continued to stroll ahead with a giggle leaving Risa behind. “No, I cannot do that. You must follow me. I cannot produce a set of clothing for you. You must do that yourself,” she strutted down a few feet from Risa.
Risa exhaled with frustration and slowly scooted one foot at a time while holding both of her hands in the right places, until you could receive a set of borrowed clothes. She slowly struggled ahead and followed the back spine on the new female.
The female stopped and turned to face the side wall of glass with another crazy array of individual glass boxes. At the bottom of the wall, a smaller glass box was open and stood alone, containing a neatly stack of glossy and colorful paper magazines. The female pointed down at the stack of magazines with a smile. “This box will fit your body needs. Several hundred feet, on the bottom of each wall, there is a open box that contains more colorful magazines. You are allowed to use and abuse the items as you see fit.”
Risa slowly shuffled her semi-covered naked body down the hallway while seeing other residents, who appeared totally pride and naked or in a semi-naked form. She stopped and turned to face the side wall, staring down into the open box, viewing a stack of colorful magazines. She frowned with annoyance. “This is not a game. I can’t dress my naked body with a set of glossy pages from a fashion magazine. I do not posses any glue or tape. And I do not place glue or tape on my body. And I do not feel like reading a fashion magazine. And I am getting really miffed with my new adventure here at the Alien Headquarters. Where is your personal glass box located? Do you store a set of clothes here? Can I borrow them until I get my own set of clothes? Can a set of clothes even fit into one of the glass boxes? That glass box is the size of a human coffin. Is that the reason for a glass box to imitate a human coffin?”
The female jabbed a finger down at the box and wore a sour frown. “This is not a game. If you want a set of clothes, then you must create them using one or more of the fashion magazines. Some of the residents enjoy performing that magical feat.”
Risa continued to cover her naked body and frowned down at the stack of magazine. “I do not understand your command. I cannot create a set of clothing from a stack of magazines. a piece of clothing comes from a piece of cloth, not a thin page of pressed wood that has been colored and glued. Do you have a dress that I can borrow?”
The female looked up and viewed Risa, tossing both of her arms in the air, exposing her naked breasts behind the long hair of black, purple, green, and red hue. She laughed out loud. “Or you can run around the complex naked like the rest of us.”
Risa looked up and viewed the unknown female, gasping in shock. 
“She’s an alien, not a goddess, like you, Jundanie. Can you not see her yucky brown tinted aura with the poker dotted black spot around her body,” a new female wore a head of long red tinted hair that covered her two naked breasts and cuddled with another female, giggling at Risa. The happy couple continued to stroll down the opposite end of hallway and moved away from Risa and Jundanie.
Jundanie gasped in shock and then winked at Risa. “O! That explains you! All right! Each one of you, aliens are so helpless. I don’t understand how in the universe you had survived and landed here on Planet Earth without our help,” she returned back to the stack of magazine and squatted down, grabbing the first item, flipping through the page with a smile. She stopped on the third page and torn out the single glossy sheet from the magazine, dropping it down on the floor, exhaling with too much manual work with her goddess powers. Her big toe reached down and slapped the purple colored item on top of the flat paper, materializing a purple colored girly throng that had replaced the sheet of paper. She pointed down with a smile at the new item, “There, you go, alien! And no charge for my goddess services,” she looked up and winked at Risa.
Risa looked down and gasped at the tiny throng that only covered one of her  private parts, frowning in frustration without removing her hands and pointing down at the time. She looked up and sneered. “More clothing, goddess! I want a set of clothes that includes the girly throng, a girly bra, a pair of blue jeans, a white colored tee shirt, and a pair of boots.”
The female gasped in shock and shock her long hair that exposed her naked breasts again. “No. No. No. Each resident wears their nudeness or a tiny throng over their body. That’s the golden rule!”
Risa growled and still continue to cover her private parts with both hands. “What golden rule, goddess?”
“Every golden rule is are created by our leader, King Alien.”
Risa laughed. “Really! Your leader is named King Alien. Do you call him, King Al, for short?”
The female sneered. “No. He is called King Alien. He was birthed an alien here or there or somewhere and then he had outlived the other dead aliens and the other dead gods, becoming the king of the rebellion.”
Risa nodded with a stern face in silence. Somewhere within her confused mind, she had heard of the rebellion between the alien-kind and god-kind that had occurred for some reason.
Risa frowned. “Look! I am a new naked body here and slightly injured within my ego and my soul. I do not know where I hail from but somewhere here on the planet. My aching face tells me that I must be an alien and I must have fought in this rebellion war too. So, we are kinda friends, not enemies here. Can I please wear some more clothes? I have a feeling that I liked the sensation of soft clothes. Can you help me here?”
The female smiled with a nod. “Usually, each old and new resident likes the feel of freedom of clothing. King Alien likes for each resident to feel free also. But he does allow the resident to dress their nakedness with more clothes,” she squats down with a grin and grab the same fashion magazine, flipping through the pages, halting at the item. She torn out the page and dropped it down on the floor, slapping the item with her index finger, materializing a light green colored one-piece bathing suit. She stood upright from the glass floor and looked down at the item.
Risa nodded with happiness and squatted down, snatching up the item, quickly dressing her naked body.
The female turned and slapped her chest as her two naked breasts slightly jiggled. “My name is Jundanie. But you have already heard that. Now, that are you dressed and reasonable safe here. You need to visit with King Alien.”
Risa stretched and then straightened the tight fitting one-piece bathing suit around her pair of small breasts and her set of hips bones, frowning with confusion. “Well, I guess that’s okay. As I am stuck here or live here now,” she is satisfied with the fitted bathing suit and looked up with a smile. “My name is Risa. I am certain about my name and I am an alien. I am uncertain about that fact but some resident has verified that fact. I know how I got here but I really don’t remember the battle fight where I had gotten injured,” she reached up and gently touched her bruised cheekbone, exhaling with confusion.
Jundanie spun around and slowly started to move ahead towards the end of the hallway. “Come this way! King Alien resides at the end of the building structure on the top, top floor. Every newbie is required to enter into his throne room for inspection.”
Risa rolled her eyeballs with annoyance and returned back to view the back spine on Jundanie, exhaling with frustration, quickly dashing ahead with a stern face of concern. She pulled up beside the female and strolled with the goddess, turning to view each side wall of solid glass. The crazy pattern of stacked glass boxes resided on one glass wall which viewed the breath-taking wilderness on the opposite wall. She smiled at the beauty of the flying flock of birds. “Where is the Alien Headquarters located? We appear to be located on Planet Earth. I don’t know if I have ever traveled to a new planet within the Milky Way Galaxy.”
She faced a busy hallway space with numerous individuals or rows of naked alien-kind and god-kind, frowning with annoyance, “I do not know the secret location of our Alien Headquarters. But I do not that I have never traveled off Earth. I was birthed here as a goddess.”
Risa frowned at the mountain view. “Wow! That’s really weird!”
She turned and sneered at the rear skull on Risa. “What is really weird, alien Risa? What do you find weird? Is it me or my other god-kind that share this lovely alien complex with your kind?”
Risa continued to stare into the mountain peak and cringed at her lousy communication skills with the silly and arrogant goddess. She had experienced other god-kind before if her confused memory served. And that female goddess had been both rude and arrogant also. Risa cleared her throat and returned back, giggling at the row of naked females that walked down the opposite side.
Each naked female possessed a head of unnaturally beautiful pastel colored hair strands that matched their dyed pubic hair curls in that private spot in-between their two walking legs as each one bumped and shuffled into each other with laughter and fun. The trio passed Jundanie and Risa and slowly moved further down the glass hallway engaging with more play time.
Risa continued to stroll ahead with Jundanie and smiled at the silly trio of female. “I do not mean to insult...”
“Then do not give me that serious impression, alien.”
“I am very sorry. Please forgive me.”
“You are forgiven, alien.”
Risa turned and rolled her eyeballs at the mountain peak, instead of the arrogant goddess, returning back with a smile, staring at the walls of glass boxes. She frowned. “Each glass box is empty. Why is that? Where is the resident located? What is the theory behind the glass box and the mist?”
She continued to move ahead without staring at one of the glass boxes. “Each glass box had been constructed by a god or a goddess as each alien does not possess the god power of..." 
Risa laughed with a nod. “Yeah, baby, I am familiar with that weird god power, too. It is technically called stealing ... ”
She turned and sneered at the rear skull on Risa, “What! How dare you insult me!”
“I am not insulting you. I am explaining that weird god power. You slap any colorful photograph and then the object materializes into its three dimensional form for personal use. However, you are not a witch, goddess. You are a goddess that can’t conjure a bucket of rocks and a pile of earth dirt into an object like a talented witch. So, you steal the item from the closest warehouse or nearest retail store,” Risa started laughing and then halted with a gasp, leaning over the short person in front of her face, staring down a long line of individuals. “What! What is this long line of upright and happy people for? Why did we stop moving ahead the interior of the large room? I thought we were going to visit the mysterious King Alien.”
“This is the line to visit our Alien King.” Jundanie exhaled with annoyance at the female alien. “Each glass box had been constructed by a god or a goddess as a sleeping pod. Any person but a human can roll over the glass bottom and rest comfortably. The side glass door automatically closes shut. Then the puffs of exhaled breath of the person creates a white tinted mist that covers the interior walls of the box without disturbing their slumber, a very clever piece of equipment.”
“O! And that really is stolen technology from the alien-kind clan,” Risa laughed. “Why is this long line, so long?”
“The Alien King likes to refresh each resident with his love on a daily basis.
Risa frowned, “Ugh! Huh! Okay! What is the Alien King like? Is he happy or sad or mad or miffed out?”
“He is always interesting and filled with love that he likes to share with his warriors.”
“O! He is a moody ruler. I got it,” Risa laughed and slowly moved ahead into a large room with four glass walls, a matching floor, and ceiling, looking up, smiling at the lines of fluffy white clouds in the sky. She looked back down and watched the line move ahead.
In front of the Alien King, Risa gasped in shock. The male stood ten feet tall with a massive lean body and a set of long limbs in the color of white hue with an aura surrounding his body that emitted multiple tones of colors. She leaned back into the face on Jundanie and frowned a whisper. “What is wrong with him?”
“Nothing is wrong with the Alien King.”
“Uh! He glows like a ceiling light bulb or a human flashlight or an outer space twinkling star. Is one of the stars missing from outer space and living down here? Why is he doing that illuminating thing?”
“He does at that,” she laughed.
“All right!” Risa slowly moved up in line and finally stood in front of the Alien King. He leaned down and smiled down into her face. She slowly leaned backwards and faked a smile, smelling his sour breath.
He smiled. “I do not recognize your face.”
Jundanie shoved Risa closer to their supernatural leader. Risa quickly sidestepped and continued to fake a smile at the Alien King. Jundanie laughed. “She is a new alien rescue from the last battle with the four nasty outlaws.”
He frowned. “Hmm! I do not recognize your face. I find that odd. I know each resident here.”
Jundanie laughed. “Her face is covered in bruises and cuts.”
He reached out with a hand and nodded with a grin, “Ah! I can help you and heal all of your cuts.”
Risa continued to fake a smile and slowly back stepped from the giant male, slapping each bruise with both of her open palms, groaning with a deep moan of face pain. She pressed all ten of her finger pads created a warm pink tinted cloud over her face, laughing out loud at the tall king. “Thanks, buddy! But I got it covered. I can heal my person...alien body,” she dropped both of her hands and smiled at a stunned king, appearing with a smooth pale tinted skin tone, slowly back stepping away from the male. She moved backwards beside the long line of residents. “Thank you, your royal person! I feel much better,” Risa saluted for fun with a light giggle.
He continued to lean forward and smiled. “I want to give you more of my touch. My touch is also healing.”
She laughed. “I do believe that I have touched myself enough this afternoon. Well, it’s been really nice to meet you, Alien King. Have a glowing day! See you later!” Risa slowly moved back down the line and watched in silence.
Jundanie moved ahead and dropped down on both kneecaps, bowing to the king. The king placed both of his open palms on top of her red colored hair roots,  emitting waves of colored streams of light which absorbed into her skin. Then the waves of light disappeared. She continued to squat in place and exhaled with deep breathes, burping out loud.
Risa halted with a gasp and stared at the event with puzzlement, whispering for her eardrums only, “What did he do to Jundanie? I don’t understand any of this or this new place or my new life or my old life. All of this is so weird,” she spun around with a smile and swiftly moved ahead down the same glass hallway, strolling away from the tall and muscular and weird Alien King while scouting out her new place and pondered all of her mental thoughts.
She slowly shuffled side to side over the smooth glass floor and avoided the long line of residents, scanning the side glass wall, strolling towards the end of the line. Then she turned to face the side window and halted with a gasp, touching the smooth and cold glass wall, “How do I escape from this place? I wanna feel the sunshine on my face and the earth soil on my feet.” Risa continued to touch the glass wall with sadness and stared down into the light mist over the earth soil, one mile below her feet with worry.

In the city of Los Angeles. within the US State of California, three hours later during the Pacific Time Zone, in the dark of the night, at 09:09 pm, the goddess girl was tall and slender with a head of blonde-red hair strands, and yellow tinted skin. Cinta slowly strolled down the sidewalk with a smile and physically juggled the bags of clothes on her two forearms, without her goddess magic, wearing a new dress, in a pair of four-inches high heeled sandals, slowly turning down the driveway to the borrowed house. She stopped and stood in front of the weathered door, beating on the rotten wood. “Open the door! I got my hands full.”
Inside the living room setting, around the billiards table, Garth turned and frowned at the broken glass window on the side wall, viewing the night darkness, exhaling with annoyance at his sister. He wiggled the chair and sneered with fury. “I got it.”
Beck slid off the high stool and raced to the closed door, shouting out loud, “I got her.” He stopped and opened the wood, smiling at Cinta. She slowly entered into the abandoned house and tripped over her big feet in the new pair of fashion heels and some of the low-hanging bags. Beck reached down and pulled numerous bags of clothes from the wiggling body parts on Cinta with a smile, sniffing her body. “What is that smell, Cinta?"
They slowly padded ahead and stopped a few feet from the billiards table. Beck didn't want Cinta messing up the paper map with the newly identified pyramids for the brilliant plan of eliminating the annoying clans of gods and aliens. He gently dropped down each bag on top of the dirty tile floor and the slowly stood upright.
Cinta bent down and placed all the heavy bags down on the floor. Each bag tilted sideways and released some of the contents. She smiled and slowly gathered up each new clothes item. 
Beck looked down with a smile and stared down at her black haired hair roots. "Did you see the Walk of Fame during your tour, Cinta? Did you know that you can purchase a Walk of Fame star for your personal selfie at the price tag of 30,000 US dollars and plant your name on the granite sidewalk too?”
She gasped in shock and then looked up with a smile to see Beck. “What? I can. Can I really do that? That's nice! I will do that tomorrow. I must engage in some type of social event without Risa and without your attention, Beck and Garth.”
At the billiards table, Garth spun around on top of the high stool and smiled down at his greedy sister. “Don’t give Cinta any more new ideas! Did you bring back our daily lunch meal?”
She turned and faced the glass window frowning at the night sky of twinkling outer space stars. "Now, it's the suppertime meal."
Beck laughed. “Precisely, Cinta!"
She returned back and frowned at Beck, lifting up the bags on each arm, slowly standing upright from the floor. “O! I'm so sorry. I was too busy with other appointments. But I did eat my lunch meal at one of the shoppers. My meal was very good. And I smell wonderful coming from my new designer perfume ..."
“... my new designer clothes and shoes and purses and everything else new.” Garth laughed at his greedy sister.
Cinta frowned with several head nods at her brother. "If I must stay here and survive like a lady hermit, then I must stay well-groomed, and well-dressed and well-maintained," she padded ahead with a smile towards her bedroom trying on all of her new clothes.
Garth watched her back spine with a smile. "Hey, Cinta! Do you wanna know what we're going to eliminate the god-kind and alien-kind from our buttholes?"
"Yeah!" She disappeared down the long hallway. Beck and Garth laughed out loud and returned back to working on the paper map.
Friday, December 13th


City of Los Angeles within the US State of California
09:45 am
65˚ Fahrenheit cool air temperatures
Parted clouds with 13 hours of sunshine
Sea temperature is 66˚ Fahrenheit


Seventeen years old, goddess teenager Cinta rose later in the morning from her borrowed bedroom mattress and viewed a comfortable and pretty day again in the US State of California, dressing in her newly purchased designer brand red tinted short jacket with a single gold plated button a few inches below her pair of covered breasts and exposed cream tinted skin, a pair of matching walking shorts, a pair of yellow tinted designer brand fashion high heeled sandals, and a matching yellow tinted designer handbag that held a tube of red tinted designer lipstick and Beck's black platinum credit card. Her naked skin wore a throat choker, both of her wrist bones and ankle bones, both of her earlobes, and the index finger on her right hand and a ring on her middle finger on her left hand displayed rows of numerous ruby gem stones. Her long blondish-reddish tinted hair strands were tied into a tight bun on top of her hairy bone skull.
She slowly scooted down the semi-dirty hallway and hummed a favorite song and then halted at the end of the hallway frowning at the mess inside the grand living room. She whispered for her eardrums only. "Yeah, today is Friday, the thirteen and it is already a disaster for them, not me!" Cinta softly giggled.
On the floor around the billiards table, her brother Garth and his fiancé Beck were sound asleep without snorting and nicely rested on top of an individual broken and tacky long sofa with pieces of yellow pineapple and green tinted grape-shaped patterns on the fabric. They did not hear or see Cinta.
Cinta frowned with annoyance, slowly moved ahead and then stopped, standing on the cabinet side on the billiards table while staring down in silence at the gigantic item. A paper map was taped onto the green tinted bed cloth and was stabbed with numerous tiny red and blue tinted tacks for some purpose. She did not touch their creation and spun around to face the beaten wood on the entrance wall slowly moving ahead with a smile. She had planned a day of shopping with Beck's credit card that held 300 million dollars minus the 500,000 dollars in clothes and jewelry that Cinta had spend yesterday.
She giggled with amusement and whispered for her eardrums only. "Beck doesn't mind. He loves me. Garth doesn't care. He's my brother," she exited the house with a smile and waved at the driver from the rental limousine company that Cinta happened to trip over inside on the fine dining restaurant during her evening meal. She had paid for pickup, escort, and drop-off service from nine in the morning, when all of the designer stores open until each store closed at ten in the evening. Then the driver would drop Cinta back to the abandoned ugly looking house for a night of rest and relaxation, before her next morning shopping spree again.
The driver wore a tan colored skinny business suit, a white tinted tee shirt, and a pair of tan colored slip-on shoes, displaying a head of dirty blonde hair, a tone of suntanned skin, and a pair of brown eyes. He stood beside his personal limousine and nodded with a smile in silence and opened the rear door for his pretty, wealthy customer with a smile. Cinta slipped into the rear seat like a royal princess and scooted into the middle cushion, whipping out her lipstick again, replenishing her dry lips. The California weather was dry to her goddess body.
The driver entered back into the transport and slowly drove again while accompanying his new pretty client during her shopping spree today and for the rest of the week.

At 09:58 am, inside the abandoned house, Beck rolled sideways and hit the hard floor hissing in pain, opening his two eyelids and stared down at the white tile. He gasped in shock and swiftly stood upright from the floor, scanning the unfamiliar room. He should be accustomed to waking up in a strange environment but he felt homesick for his native peaceful countryside in the US State of Alabama, where he was birthed and grew into a teenager. He was tired of running away after the non-bloody fight without fists and then running into a new non-bloody fight. The groups of god-kind and alien-kind did not bleed but exploded into a pile of colorful ashes when a mighty god or goddess beam hit the body of flesh, bones, guts, and blood.
His nostrils smelled the familiar new perfume fragrance of roses and peaches coming from Cinta. He did not see her inside the living room setting but she had passed through and moved towards the entrance door. He raced ahead and slammed into the entrance glass window, smiling at the slow-moving silver tinted limousine. 
Garth knew his sister Cinta. She enjoying shopping and spending money.
Beck wasn't mad and glad Cinta was having some fun, before the end of the civil war. However, all of the pretty items that she had purchased yesterday and today and tomorrow were not flying with her goddess body, when the trio needed to quickly escape with their lives from the city of Los Angeles within a couple of work days.
He spun around from the broken glass window and scratched his full beard first, rustled his long black tinted hair from his face and eardrums next, and then finally itched that irritating scratch inside his butthole next, moving ahead, and then stopped, standing beside the long side on the billiards table, studying the old paper map. Beck wore a new pale blue tinted, slightly oversized, short-sleeved tee shirt that he had found among the clean laundry of the arrested drug lords, exchanging the new item for his torn and dirty one. He also found a pair of tan colored walking shorts that were cleaned and slightly oversized, but the red tinted leather belt did the job keeping the item over his private parts. He borrowed a pair of nasty brown tinted flip-flops and wore them over his clean feet.
Before passing out from work exhaustion, he ate a midnight snack and bathed his dirty body with floral soap bubbles.
Yesterday, he and Garth had done an excellent job of laying out an electric current that showed down on the paper map inside the bed cloth on the billiards table.
Beck slipped on the pair of flip-flops over his naked feet and continued to wear the same outfit from last night while whispering for his eardrums only. "But we have a little bit more work to do and then we can implement our plan and rid our buttholes of the gang of nasty god-kind and alien-kind, even if the day is the traditional unlucky Friday, the thirteen. Then, the world will live in harmony and peace like the Prime Creator wants. Amen!" He yelled out loud with a smile. "Garth, wake up! Get up! We got work to do! We gotta finish our supernatural job." He spun around to face the kitchen wall and moved into the kitchen setting, opening each cabinet and refrigerator door, finding numerous packages of frozen food items. He quickly gathered each item and loaded both of his arms, carrying the pile to the kitchen counter, gently dropping down the heap over the hard surface. He started humming a familiar country song with delight and started the microwave oven and cooked numerous packages of frozen food items while finding two mixer bowl in hard plastic, in case, Garth was a klutz with a fork and a sharp dinner knife. He started a pan of scrambled eggs with onions and peppers working the whisk tool and checking on the microwave. As each food item inside the microwave finished cooking, he removed the food items and split them in half, placing an item inside each mixer bowl for Garth's breakfast meal and Beck's breakfast meal.
Beck stirred the pan of eggs without burning the food entree and prepared large tumblers of cold orange juice and sweet milk for the breakfast beverage. The teens did not consume coffee products. He continued to watch and then stir the pan of eggs until fully cooked, preparing bred in the toaster. Once the toast were ready, he spread peanut butter and strawberry jelly over six individual piece for a breakfast sandwich with a handful of raisins.
The pan of eggs finished cooking. Beck dumped the cooked eggs on top of the microwave food items consisting of pancakes, hash brown potatoes nuggets, strips of hog bacon and links of hog sausage, three ounces of white tinted grits, and tan colored oatmeal as he chuckled with amusement. He finished the six sandwiches and decorated the top of the food heap with three sandwiches while laughing out loud. 
Each mixing bowl was overflowing with numerous and colorful individual food items and appeared ugly but smelled delicious.
Beck found a serving tray and loaded the two bowls and tumblers of beverages on top of the hard surface, lifting the heavy tray with his teenly muscles without grunting, slowly spinning around with a smile. He headed back into the living room setting and stopped, standing on the side cabinet of the billiards table that acted as an office work desk. He reached down and lifted up one of the mixing bowls and two tumblers of beverages, dropping the breakfast dish down on the corner of the green tinted bed cloth and away from the delicate paper map, where Garth stood upright and yawned really ugly while rubbing the stack of sleepy crumbs from both of his eye sockets.
Last night, Seventh Son, eighteen years old alien teen Garth had ate the evening meal and then bathed his stinky body, finding a pair of red tinted walking shorts that fit his waistline, a yellow tinted knit shirt, which was not his style but felt better than the dirt. He wore a pair of nasty black tinted flip-flops over his naked feet. The California sun was dry and heated on his two feet, without proper air-conditioning inside the abandoned house but the case of cold beer bottles made up the difference.
Beck scooted around the opposite side cabinet and slid on top of the high stool, placing his bowl of food and two beverages near the opposite corner and away from the map too. He leaned down and dropped the serving table on top of the tile floor with a loud crash, lifting up his face, grabbing a spoonful of breakfast items. He cranked the food into his open mouth and then chewed while humming with delight. The breakfast food bowl was ugly but tasty to his tongue and his hunger stomach.
On the opposite side, Garth rustled his long shoulder length hair with both hands and fluffy his full beard with one hand and scratched his butthole with the other, lifting and slapped both of his hands onto the wooden railing on the billiards table, yawning with sleep, looking down at the mixing bowl with laughter. "What in the hell is that?"
Beck spoke with food items. "Breakfast."
"All right!" Garth grabbed a spoonful of food and smiled at each item. "Pancakes, grits, oatmeal, eggs, bacon with in my spoon," he ate the food and nodded in silence to Beck, swallowing the food with a smile. "You're a master chef, Beck. I should marry you, instead of Risa. She can't cook boiling water," he laughed out loud and then ate the food, chewing with delight.
Beck smiled without commenting and pointed down at the paper map. "We have identified all the pointy tipped pyramids throughout the world here on this flat map. The Flat Earthers would love us now. We need to plot the electricity current pathway without any type of interruption that would break the flow of the charge. If the charge is broken, before each nasty god-kind and alien-kind is dead, then we got a new problem, a swarm of angry supernatural creatures." He consumed the food.
Garth swallowed the food and studied the paper map. "Uh! Today is Friday, the thirteen. We should ditch our plans of everything today and concentrate on plans tomorrow, which is Saturday, the fourteen. Actually, I don't see the purpose of identifying all of the pointy top pyramids. Each red and blue tagged geographical pyramid does not live beside a tall obelisk. I thought the tall obelisk directed the charge of electricity down into the pyramid."
He swallowed the food and looked up nodding to Garth. "Friday, the thirteen is a very good example of the visiting aliens using and abusing my Greek language."
"What!" Garth frowned and then ate the food.
He nodded with a smile. "The fear of the date, Friday, the 13th, is called paraskavedekatriaphobia. The Greek word, Paraskevi, means Friday. The second Greek word, dekatreis, means thirteen. So, some smartass alien father combined both Greek words and formulated, Friday, the 13th, to scare his alien children into their bedtime ritual for rest and recovery. Yeah, it worked, perfectly. Then the entire alien race used the famous phrase on the stupid humans. Yeah, it worked, perfectly. And I must point out that there is one single piece of physical or emotional or spiritual evidence of any type of terrible accident or event that had occurred on Friday, the 13th, here on Planet Earth. I would ask my Greek god and goddess parents but the evil pair are dead and not buried. Back to work! I was confused about the function of the tall obelisk also, until we had finished tagging each one of geographical pyramids. Each geographical pyramid has been tagged either a red marker or a blue marker to assist us in determining a proper continuous flow of the electron stream. If the stream breaks, then we're all dead. The obelisk is the ignition key that jumpstarts the first pyramid. The tall ancient obelisk on top of the modern day grainy Egyptian soil begins the entire process that sends an electronic signal down to the tallest Egyptian pyramid. The other two smaller pyramids only collect and store massive amount of sunlight from the solar sun that floats the dangerous electrical charge underground through a series of buried but working ancient copper pipes. Copper minerals came from the African mines and their human slaves and was traded for food stuffs with the ancient Egyptians." He consumed the food.
Garth swallowed the food and smiled. "The witches and warlocks liked to use and abuse Friday, the 13th, along with their personal holiday of Halloween. I wanted to point out that face. Don't confuse my race of aliens with the race of witches! Me and we don't like it! Back to business! Why didn't the Egyptians gods and goddess just wave a hand and then steal all of the needed minerals from the earth?" He consumed the beverage and swallowed the sweet milk."
He swallowed the food and reached down picking up the orange juice. "Ah! That's a very good question and the answer is the outer space alien people that are called the Star seeds. The nosy Star seed aliens resided on Planet Earth at the same time with the gods and goddesses and liked to tattle-tail to the Source, too much." He consumed the food.
Garth laughed with a mouthful of food. "O! That was all of my ancient and dead alien ancestors. We liked to spy and then tattle with our fun and their annoyance." He swallowed the food and then consumed more of the breakfast meal.
Beck swallowed the food and pointed down at the map. "My ancient history lesson is paying off. The obelisk is whispered with the secret password and becomes alive and then signals to the largest pyramid to let it go and shine its bright light into the skyline. The largest pyramid will release a bolt of flying white tinted electricity in the sky. Then that bolt will jump towards the next active or alive pyramid. Now, the fun begins for us here on this paper map. We must plot out the shortest pathway with that bolt of electricity."
He swallowed the food and frowned. "Wait a sec! The mouse trap needs more than one single bolt of electricity coming all the way from the modern day country of Egypt and then speeding around the world and landing down there in Birmingham, Alabama. The mouse trap needs thousands and thousands of bolts of electricity to fry hundreds and hundreds of god-kind and alien-kind buttholes into oblivion there at the Old Gray Man, man." He consumed the food.
Beck swallowed the food and consumed the beverage. "Right, Garth! A single bolt of electricity coming from the modern day country of Egypt will fly through the air alone and frightened and then hit the dirt like a regular thunderstorm bolt. Thus, we start a chain reaction of one single bolt of electricity that gathers both light speed and great distance by looking for a friend or rather molesting its new friend in the form of a new pyramid," he chuckled with Garth. "Then its newly molested friend will come violently perturbed and strike out its own bolt of ionized electricity current and add it to the first one. Then the two bolts viciously combine and become still a single but larger and brighter bolt of electricity that flies around and finds a new friend to molester and piss off. Does my working theory work for your brain cells, now?" He laughed with Garth.
Garth smiled. "I understand. How fast does our borrowed bolt of electricity travel through the air until it reaches your mouse trap?"
"A wave of electricity travels at the speed of light which is 670,616,629 miles per hour or 186,000 miles per second."
"Wow! How long does it take to kill you dead with a bolt of electricity?"
Beck smiled. "If the bolt of electricity at 0.2 amps hits your pumping heart organ, the your heart will stop. And then your brain and nervous system is damaged for the constant flowing live current." He finished consuming the breakfast food.
Garth nodded with a grin. "I like your scientific explanation, Beck. How is our borrowed bolt of electricity going to affect the natural electromagnetic fields here on Planet Earth?"
He swallowed the food and then burped out loud, nodding with a smile. "An electromagnetic field do not move through the air waves. The electromagnetic energy wave or the bolt of electrons does the movement. Then each electromagnetic field will grow or decline in its same air wave region in response to the flow of energy. Thus, our borrowed bolt of electricity will move faster than an eyelash blink. On the ground, a human or a god-kind or an alien-kind will miss it, totally. I promise."
Garth finished consuming the breakfast and then burped out loud also while smiling.
Beck pointed down to the paper map. "Now, we plot out a course for our massive borrowed bolt of electricity that starts with the Egyptian obelisk. An obelisk is an upright long rectangular shaped pillar..."
Garth frowned. "Don't! Do not start another ancient history lesson here."
He laughed. "My new ancient history lesson has a valid point. Be patient! I'll be quick."
Garth laughed. "I hear that all the time."
"What! What does that mean? Never thee mind! The obelisk..."
"... kinda looks similar to a man's p ..."
Beck frowned. "Do not repeat that! I know that too. The obelisk was constructed for the first arrogant and greedy male king for a special event and built in the year 3150 B.C. The obelisk was posed in a rock courtyard full of scorpions and cobras near a god or goddess temple that honored that god or goddess plus the sun god, of course. The symbols and inscriptions gave instructions on how to worship the arrogant god or goddess and sun god, like usual. Sometimes, there were numerous obelisks in the same area. Each temple was aligned with the passage of the sun movement from east to west. Each obelisk was built with certain measurements and always in red granite rock and dedicated by the ruling pharaoh, who didn't know shit about engineering concepts or physics laws. The tall of obelisk was supposed to capture the first dawn's light and last sunset ray. But we both know that's pure shit too. The obelisk was like a fake or false ritual offering to throw off the spies within the palace that the pyramid collected and housed the solar sun rays for usage," he laughed with Garth. "Obelisks were built in pairs."
Garth gasped in shock. "What!"
He smiled. "Yeah, I told you my ancient history lesson was valuable. A pair of obelisks were constructed at the same time and represented the Egyptian values of balance and harmony. Each structure represented the opposite of each other, such like, heaven and earth, male and female, old and young. The Greek word, obelisk, means spit," he laughed. "So, the pair of Egyptian obelisks are tried and true with a hidden purpose. The other monuments are good imitations of form and beauty, but worthless with a purpose. To start the hidden Egyptian programming inside the guts of the obelisk, you pick one of the two monuments. The only surviving true pair of Egyptians obelisks left on the planet is located at the ancient Karnak Temple near the city of Luxor in the country of Egypt. The ancient Karnak Temple had been built around the growing culture of Thebes. Over the centuries, each pharaoh added something new to the growing wall of rock, which was invaded by enemies and then destroyed. Then the new ruling pharaoh re-built the structure. Wow! That sounds like the US Congressmen and women wasting our federal taxes. Anyways, the dirt in Karnak still holds numerous tall and broken obelisks. After you select the obelisk, you determine the extra height. If the obelisk is 97 feet in height, then you move to the eastern side that faces the sunrise and count each stone from the left towards the right until you reach the math number of nine. Above that ninth stone, you count upwards to the math number of seven. The hieroglyphics were read from left to the right, like we read a book. On that seventh stone, you release your personal mouth spit only on the rock surface of that stone. The targeted stone will turn bright red in hue indicating that you have a true obelisk and that the programming is still working and then the pyramid will start to warm up with its stored solar sun power."
"When does the ball of electricity emit from the pyramid?"
Beck frowned. "Well, if we were living back there in Ancient Egypt, then the ball of electricity would emit its power immediately working through each one of the small and large pyramid and spreading its sizzling love over the skyline and heating each house and watering each field crop. However, we don't want the ball of electricity to be contained only within the county of Egypt. We want the borrowed stream of electricity to leave out from Egypt and free-float through the sky and eventually land inside my mouse trap in Birmingham, Alabama."
Garth gasped in alarm. "How do we control a constant stream of massive electricity that runs at 186,000 miles per second."
He frowned. "I told you all of this, before, Garth. Were you not listing?"
Garth frowned. "I was not comprehending. How do we control a live killing stream of electricity without getting killed ourselves or harming all of the humans and animals and insects and plants here on our native world of Earth?"
"We're still plotting out the shortest pathway for a live stream of electricity. But each selected pyramid will wear a benben hat made of pure gold. The pure golden tip on top of the targeted pyramid is the conductor that will jerk that massive stream of live electricity down from the skyline and hit that targeted pyramid, not another pyramid or human or doggie or child or you, Garth," he laughed.
Garth nodded. "I feel better and I am learning. Let's start this from the top again! The obelisk is..."
"Let us work on the shortest pathway for the live stream of electricity from Egypt to America. The largest pyramid in Giza sends out a stream of electricity. Then that stream flies through the sky and moves out of Egypt and lands down on..."
"O! I see and understand your plan. The stream can land down on the pyramid in France and then fly over the Atlantic ocean waters and reach the USA ..."
"Electricity cannot fly over open waters or that great of distance without sensing a conductor. The stream of electricity is not a bolt of real thunderstorm lightning. A horizontal bolt of lightning is one inch in width and five miles long with a sizzling temperature measurement of 50,000 degrees Fahrenheit and reaches 200 million volts. The vertical bolt races down from the storm cloud at 200,000 miles per hour and is 150 feet in height. The stroke return from the visible flash moves upwards at the one-third of light speed or 320,000,000 foot-per-second or 220,000,000 miles-per-hour. The sound of thunder travels at 1,100 feet-per-second or 750 miles per hour."
Garth smiled. "Is a bolt of thunderstorm lightning faster than a firing bullet?"
He frowned. "A bolt of lightning rules everything and everyone. Lighting is measured in microseconds of time. An lightning impulse falls at 50 microseconds down towards the ground and sizzles everything in its pathway. Nothing can beat that time, not even a heavenly angel," he laughed with Garth. "Two new rules, the stream of electricity cannot cross the Atlantic Ocean or the Pacific Ocean. The stream of electricity cannot cross the equator."
"What not? The equator is part of this world.
"The equator has some weird funny properties that affect everything. The planet is really a sphere that bulges out at the equator line due to Earth's gravity and its rotation. The latitude line wraps around the globe from east to west which divides the planet into the northern hemisphere and the southern hemisphere. The planet rotates faster at the equator line, because its middle is bigger at the equator like an obese male. Because the equator line is really seen as a big gigantic circle around the middle of the planet, it crosses over the land mass and the ocean waters of twelve different countries, where the climate stays the same warm and wet and offers unique species of plants and animals within the tropical rainforests. The equator line displays each sunrise and sunset very fast and the length of the day is constant throughout the solar year. An outer space ship launch from the equator region boosts the rocket speed allowing the machine to save fuel into outer space. These are my weird facts for the equator. Back to the our present problem! The first stream of electricity flies from Egypt and then moves to..."
"... to the shortest distance from the country of Egypt down into America. That shortest distance would start at the Great Pyramid of Giza. The pyramid is the largest man-made structure in the country of Egypt and the one of the largest man-made structures in the world. The base rock foundation is 566,000 square feet in area. The Great Pyramid of Giza is one of the Seven Wonders from the Ancient World history books. The pyramid has survived dust storms, mean invaders, grave robbers, jewelry thieves, civil wars, nasty tourists, time and space to still exist here in the modern day and place. The face of the pyramid was covered in polished white tinted limestone rock and contained fossilized seashells. I bet that pyramid shined with a smile at the solar sun. O! That was the point to capture all of the light and heated rays from the solar sun down here on the planet. I got this. Now, the stream of live electricity will fly from the tip of the Great Pyramid and soar through the sky heading northerly and then land down on top of the golden tip of the Louvre Pyramid in the city of Paris within the country of France.
"Inside the Louvre Museum, there stands a man-made, seventy foot high, glass-shaped pyramid which is the entrance into the museum. The glass pyramid was designed by American architect I.M. Pei and completed in the year 1989. Why in the universe would someone want to actually sit down and sketch out a pyramid drawing and then built the monument in pure glass materials? That sounds insane and crazy to me," he laughed with Beck.
Beck nodded with a smile. "Yeah, the idea is crazy and insane. But this man-made pyramid is going to aid us in riding the gang of nasty god-kind and alien-kind from our buttholes."
He smiled. "Yeah, it will. The stream of electricity hits the golden tip on the Louvre Pyramid and then it soars into the air waves and flies northeastern and lands down at the Karlsruhe Pyramid of red sandstone in the city of Karlsruhe within the country of Germany.
"The Karlsruhe Pyramid is comprised of red sandstone and stands in the center of the market square like a tomb. It was built in the year 1825 standing over the ancient dead bones of founder Margrave Charles, the third, who was born in the year 1679 and died in the year 1738. I wonder if the thing is haunted with the moaning spirit of the first mayor."
"Then the steady stream of electricity will soar from the golden tip on the Karlsruhe Pyramid and fly back towards the northwest and land down on top of the Stockport Pyramid in the city of Stockport within the country of England. The Stockport Pyramid is really an office building in the shape of a pyramid structure. Is the stream of electricity going to harm the workers inside that office building, once it hits the benben stone on top of the tip?"
Beck shook his shoulder length curls. "No. The stream of electricity bounces off the benben stone so fast that an naked human eyeball can't see it and a naked human body can't feel it. The purpose of the solid gold mineral is to excite the electrons and also contain the electrons that dance on top of the golden mineral like a party sight for atoms," he laughed with Garth.
Garth nodded with a stern face. "Okay. I wanted to be shore that no human is harmed during out final battle with the gang of nasty god-kind and alien-kind. Else, you and I will be talking to a higher power than a stream of free-flowing electricity. And I'm not referencing Mother Nature either. Now, the stream of live electricity will fly off the Stockport Pyramid and head towards the extreme northeast and land down on the Stjarneborg Pyramid near the town of Aneby within the country of Sweden." He laughed. "Get this! The Stjarneborg Pyramid holds a true dead man named Georg Malte Gustav August Liewen Stierngranat, who was birthed in the year 1871. He traveled the world at the age of 27 years old and then landed in the United States of America in the US State of Michigan and married an American girl. He and his married American wife returned back to his native country of Sweden and lived inside his family's Swedish castle and then built a burial monument in the shape of a small pyramid in solid black stones that also has endured the test of weather, time, and space. He is entombed inside a sarcophagus beside his dead first wife and his dead two children. Wow! That's a great tale!
"Now, after the stream of current live electricity pings off the benben stone of golden mineral and soars due west and lands down on top of the Pyramiden pyramid-shaped natural rock mountain. The mountain peak is 4,630 feet high and is located in the Kujalleq municipality on the extreme southern coastland in the country of Greenland. We have flown our stream of live electricity from the country of Egypt into the country of Greenland. Greenland is a tippy point down into the USA. Yay! This electricity pathway is short and sweet!" Garth looked up and winked at Beck.
"You're doing a great job, Garth! Now, finish the pathway that leads down into the city of Birmingham, Alabama. Then we are done, dude!"
Garth looked down and pointed at the next red tinted tack, "Now, the steady stream of live electricity launches up from the Pyramiden mountain peak of 4,630 feet and soars due south and lands down on top of the Ha! Ha! Pyramid in the district of La Baie at Saguenay in Quebec within the country of Canada. The man-made pyramid stands 64 feet high and is constructed of 3,000 yield signs which was completed in the year 1998. The Canadian word, yield, means to help others. In the year 1996, a flood wiped out the city of Saguenay. So, the people worked together and constructed the man-made pyramid in memory of their dead and their township. That's so nice!
"Now, the stream of electricity will bounce off the benben stone and launch in the air waves traveling due south and land down on a smaller decorative glass-made pyramid in front of the Citicorp Building at Long Island City, in Queens, within the US State of New York. Yay! We have made it into the USA. Finally, the stream of electricity pings the last tiny benben stone of golden minerals on top of the Citicorp Building pyramid and lands on top of the Pyramid Arena in the city of Memphis, within the US State of Tennessee, where it dances and sings with delight. The city of Memphis is named after the ancient Egyptian capital. The Pyramid Arena was built in the year 1991, the home basketball court for the University of Memphis. What happens next, Beck?"
Beck studied the paper map and pointed down at the red tinted tack that represented the location of the game stadium called Old Gray Man in the city of Birmingham, within the US State of Alabama. "The stream of current electricity will bounce off the benben stone on the Pyramid Arena there in the city of Memphis and then soar through the air waves due south and then land down at the Old Gray Man."
He smiled. "What happens next, Beck? It's your turn!"
Beck exhaled with worry and looked up with a fake smile, nodding several times to Garth. "The live current of electricity is composed of positively charged electrons that fly freely through the air waves and down on top of an electric field or your touching nickname of a mouse trap. The stream of electricity will drop straight down into the electric field."
He frowned. "I'm confused here. Where does the electric field come from?"
Beck exhaled with more worry. "I must create the electric field, where the stream of electrons pours down from the sky and then puddles over the physical field. An atom is comprised of charged positive and negative particles, so I'll rip up a massive plot of the nicely manicured soft grass blades from the game stadium playing field and jerk apart the atom from each blade of grass plus the pretty pods of planted flowers separating the positive from the negative particle and then float up each positive particle on the damaged plant. This chemical reaction will create a new electrical field of only positively charged electrons. The stream of live electricity is only positively charged electrons also. Thus, a positive charge is nicely attracted to another positive charge. The stream of live positively charged electron will spread and coat the plant-made electric field and settle down there while dancing around its new homestead." He exhaled with worry.
Garth smiled. "I understand the purpose of the stream of live electricity that has been generated by the Great Pyramid from its ancient machine technology and is comprised of only positively charged electrons. And I understand the function of the electrical field that will hold only positively charged electrons. But I do not understand this method? How does the electrical field destroy our enemies?"
Beck smiled. "Once our enemies have been alerted to the mirror opening there at the Old Gray Man stadium, each one flies through a parallel mirror hole from their hidden alien headquarters in the form of energy. I bet you didn't know that."
He grinned. "Actually, I do."
"Each humanoid god-kind and alien-kind enters the mirror hole and quickly morphs into a ball of sparkling energy without a face or a head or a pair of arms and legs flying towards the opposite end of the tunnel, exiting in that same energy ball format. Energy in ball formation or wave formation or liquid formation is comprised of atoms in both positive and negative charged particles. When that ball of positive and negative energy hits my newly created electrical field of only positive electrons, their negative particles will immediately jerk away from the positive field. Positive and negative energy or particles or charged particles repel from each other or move to the opposite side getting away from each other like a divorcing married couple. Each ball of energy that represents a single god-kind or goddess-kind or alien-kind will tear apart at the atom level ripping apart the bone skull, each arm joint, each leg joint, each hip joint, each internal organ, and every internal blood vein into a pile of loose items and then each ball of energy will explode and then disintegrate into nothingness like energy ball never existed."
Garth gasped in alarm. "Wow! Geez! That method sounds so terrible and feels so horrible inside my active mental mind."
Beck laughed with a nod. "Well, that action is going to be both terrible and horrible for each god-kind and goddess-kind and alien-kind that exits out from the parallel mirror cloud portal there at the Birmingham stadium skyline and then immediately drops down into my newly created electrical field. As I am using each one of the real plant parts from the uprooted manicured grass and the pod of flowers, my electrical field will appear like a smooth plot of nicely manicured grass surrounded by rows of colorful flowers which looks like it is part of the stadium grassy surface, but it is not. Each energy ball cannot really think or comprehend, like an active human brain, during the swiftly supernatural flight, only land down on top of the earth soil and then the energy ball, quicker than an eyelash blink, transforms into a humanoid individual again. But, this time, the energy ball will be destroyed and each god-kind and goddess-kind and alien-kind will be permanently terminated from Planet Earth. The end for them! The beginning for us!" He clapped and laughed with a wicked grin to Garth.
He softly clapped and nodded with a fake smile to Beck while pondering the new method of destruction for their gang of nasty enemies. He stopped clapping and frowned with concern. "How are you going to arrive at the human stadium field in Birmingham, without using your god powers?"
Beck stopped clapping and nodded with a stern face. "I'll fly like a regular human on a human airplane and then land down at the city airport in Birmingham, taking a human taxi cab to the Old Gray Man stadium, without using my Seventh Son powers. I'll sneak inside the stadium grounds and borrow the human mechanical machines cutting away a large plot manicured grass and flowers, without using my Seventh Son powers. Of course, I must use my Seventh Son powers to separate the positive and negative charged electrons on each blade of grass and pretty flower as the earthling scientists have not figured out that biological technology without killing the targeted life form. Then my Seventh Son powers will alert our gang of enemies that still hide inside their alien headquarters in safety of my new geographical location. I'll toss my hand with my magic and then create a new mirror opening that will again signal my new location in Birmingham, without the enemy thinking too much. I don't want them missing my special invitation and attending my death party," he laughed without Garth.
He nodded. "The electrical field is acting like a fresh pond of water without the fishes catching each falling energy ball into your death trap. Your person will be standing on top of the dirt inside the game stadium and holding up the electrical field like an invisible pole stick. Else, the air-borne electrical field will collapse into nothingness, if the positively charged electrons were to fall down and touch the true dirt or grass or flowers that still remain alive down there on the field ground," Garth gasped in alert and stared with a stern face at Beck. Beck stared back with a pair of aqua tinted eyeballs that hid the truth from Garth on purpose.
During the death event, Beck must stand down on top of the stadium field and hold up his electrical field that he had created with his Seventh Son powers.
The normal rule: another god or goddess or alien could not interfere or interrupt another supernatural action, unless it was harming a human, the precious children from the Source.
Thus, Garth, as a Seventh Son, with a set of awesome powers, could not replace Beck or his magical mouse trap.
Beck was a Seventh Son and existed in human form with flesh, guts, blood, and bones, like a human, Garth, Cinta, Risa, and each god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind. His god body was comprised of millions of atoms also that were composed of both positively and negatively charged electrons, too, like Garth.
Either a human or an animal or a plant or an insect or an alien or a god can separate their body into a neat set of positive and negative electrons, without a dead act.
For Beck to establish and maintain an invisible pole on top of the dirt soil that holds upright and air-borne a positively charged electrical field, he would be releasing out all of positively charged electrons that will be jumping off his human body and then swiftly crawling up the pole and bathing inside the field. By the time, every energy ball from each god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind enters the mirror hole, falls down into the electrical field and then dies into nothingness, Beck's supernatural god body while separating from almost all of his positive electrons will die also and then become nothingness, not exist, not live here on Planet Earth but his scattered dead ashes will occupy space and time without thought and warmth and love.
Garth must somehow inform his sister in secret, before this scheduled death event occurred. Cinta needed to know the truth about her fiancé.
Beck continued to stare at Garth and faked a smile, jabbing a finger at his friend. "You lied, bro!" He dropped his hand and slapped the railing on the table, nodding with a grin. "You did pass all of your science courses," He clapped with a wink and slapped both hands back down on the billiards table's railing. "Now, we did the easy part here on top of the table with the paper map. The hard part, each targeted pyramid needs to wear a benben stone of solid gold, before releasing the stream of live electricity from the Great Pyramid of Giza. Else, the electricity strand will not find the targeted pyramid but float around the atmosphere and scare all of the humans in beautiful streams of rich colors," he laughed. "Each existing obelisk houses hundreds of benben stones in solid gold for such an emergency down inside the guts. I do not believe that the race of greedy humans have discovered that treasure. Or the ancient robbers had already found the treasure centuries ago and had stolen all the damaged golden stones out from each damaged obelisk. We cannot use any of our Seventh Son powers for any reason right here in this house or there at the sight of each targeted pyramid. Else, our enemies will easily locate us and try to kill us and find out our brilliant plan. Then they'll start to destroy all of the obelisks and the pyramids while harming the earthlings and continue the civil war with us, until each one of us is dead too. So, we must travel like a human and use the human airplane services seeking out each targeted man-made pyramid."
Garth nodded with a stern face. "I completely understand and I also concur."
"I am thinking out loud. I must first gather all of the benben stones that must be placed on top of each targeted pyramid. Once I have the tub of stones, I need to visit each targeted pyramid and place the stone on the top of the structure."
Garth frowned. "Will a rotten human or a curious alien steal the golden hat right off the structure?"
Beck flexible his bicep and laughed out loud to Garth. "I can use my super-human strength and screwed the golden hat down into the structure while breaking some of the pieces, without using any of my god powers," he dropped his arm down by his rib cage and smiled. No human or machine can remove the golden hat without getting captured by the local police authorities or destroying the pyramid into pieces of glass and ash. These pyramids are man-made, not natural objects here on Planet Earth. The first step, I need to fly to the city of Luxor and then travel to the tourist attraction Karnak Temple. I can whisper to one of the taller and intact obelisks and start the process and open the hidden chamber, stealing the benben stones. I need ..." he counted each red tinted tack. "...one for the pyramid in Egypt and then ..."
Garth gasped in shock. "Why do you need a benben stone for the Great Pyramid?"
"The big lump of dried mud and fossilized ancient stone is naked. The benben stone had been stolen centuries ago, after the Roman soldiers had invaded the lands and then found Queen Cleopatra dead. Then the Romans warriors took everything but the mummified dead royals. So, the Great orange-tinted Pumpkin on the ground soil needs its own benben stone of gold. Else, the stream of electricity remains stored and trapped down inside the guts of the monument. Gold is a chemical element that lives naturally here on the planet and shines in a reddish-yellow hue. Gold is dense, soft, malleable, and ductile metal. Gold naturally appears in nuggets, grains, rock, veins, and deposit on the ground or in the cave or underneath the fresh water stream. Gold is resistant to acid mixtures and oxygen molecules and heat temperature up towards one hundred degrees Fahrenheit. Gold is used in coins, jewelry, human teeth, furniture pieces, medicines, computers, electronics, machines, and other people, places, and properties.
"Gold dust was produced from the collision of neutron stars when the solar system was formed at the beginning of time. Planet Earth was an infant world made of liquid heated molten. The drifting gold dust collided with flying asteroid for a new outer space ride. Then numerous flying asteroid collided into a stationary Planet Earth scattering the broken remains from the impact throughout the sky and down on the ground, landing inside the liquid molten and then sunk down into the planetary core. So, the golden hat is not altered by heat or acids or wind or rain or air and is hard like a rock and attracts heat."
Garth laughed. "O! I see and hear clearly now. Gold is really an alien mineral coming from outer space that accidentally had made its home here and then stayed losing its free-flying asteroid transportation."
Beck laughed with a nod. " So, the golden hat is not altered by heat or acid or wind or rain or air and is hard like a rock and attracts lots of heat. The heat inside the pyramid guts from the stored ball of electricity is attracted to the benben stone first and then the benben stone melts away releasing the stream of flowing electrons."
"Wait!" He gasped in shock. "Once the benben stone of gold has melted into a gooey puddle of liquid and then slides down the side of the pyramid structure, the stream of electricity becomes the longest and largest free-flowing bolt of lightning, without a mind of care and with a purpose of death. I have learned too much about electricity, currents, pyramids, and electrons. Why are we building and then imitating a bolt of lightning? I don't know if this method is the best way to terminate our nasty friends, Beck."
Beck smiled. "We are helping ourselves and the planet. A bolt of lightning from Mother Nature maintains the electrical balance status on the planet. Our fake bolt of lightning from a power machine will do no harm but aids in that balance process too. The surface is negatively charged and the atmosphere is positively charged. A bolt of lightning is negatively charged. Our fake both of lighting is positively charged. Thus, both the earth and the sky will not experience a thunderstorm of rain or wind or thunder or tornados or any type of severe weather that will harm an animal or a human or a plant or a tree or an insect or a snake or a fish. Do you feel better now, Garth?" Garth nodded with a smile. Beck exhaled with worry and looked up at the wall viewing the functional clock. "The current time is a little after ten o'clock in the morning. I'll go to the bank and withdraw out tons of cash money to pay for our human trip on a human airplane and our human food meals as we still eat and sleep. I'll go first to the Karnak obelisk and spit on the rock," he laughed alone.
Garth frowned. "Is that a wise first move? I mean, the obelisk begins the process and does not stop until what or when or who stops it. When does the stream of electricity cease?"
Beck nodded with a smile. "The three large pyramids and the three smaller pyramids in the country of Egypt store a certain amount of collected heated steam and captured sunlight from the solar sun. The six individual pyramid storage tanks are already filled from the current sunlight and ready to implode, if not for the cool evening temperatures, where the heat decreases and the sunlight vanishes inside the guts of each pyramid, which produces zero strand of electricity. That is the flaw with solar energy power. You use it or you lose it," he chuckled. "The stream of electricity has to fly over thousands of miles in the air from the soil ground down in the Egypt, performing a touchdown on each benben stone and then lifting back up into the air waves, soaring to the next benben stone. The trip is one-way. After travels for thousands of miles through the atmosphere, the stream of electricity pour down and create the electrical field and then electrify each god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind, without seconds. Do you remember? A electrical wave travels at the speed of light, which is 186,000 miles per second. That wave can travel 186,000 miles, not yards, not feets, not inches, but 186,000 miles in one second. That's faster than a nasty demon," he laughed. "The stream of electricity will travel through six countries and end up in the city of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama inside the United States of America in 4.8 seconds."
Garth gasped in shock, "What!"
He smiled. "Do the math, Garth! A wave of electrons travels 186,000 miles in one second. The entire total mileage on the stream of electricity crosses 9,000 miles over land masses and bodies of water, at most. The math number of 9,000 miles divided by 186,000 is 0.04838709 or 4.8 seconds total flight time. Now, that's a quick trip! Don't close your two eyelids! You're miss the yellow tinted school bus!" Beck laughed. "Yeah, the event will be short and sweet. Then the electricity wave will end without any more stored heat and light from the solar sun. I do believe that the steam of electricity will have enough heated juice to terminate our enemies. Of course, the human scientists will discover the power source inside the Great Pyramid, but humans will never figure out how to use and implement the god-kind information without destroying the ancient artifact into a rumble of rocks and dust powder."
Garth nodded. "Should we tell the humans how to operate the power source?"
He laughed. "Yeah, the race of humans can't control the boyish urge to piss on their neighbor's manicured lawn. Why should I reveal the dangerous alien technology that will be used and abuse by the earthlings? And if the earthlings caused harm to another alien species, then it is big, bad trouble for me. The world of precious, greedy humans are the favored children of the Source, but the other alien species do not feel the same way. No thank you! The humans can try and figure out it, but they won't."
Garth nodded. "Okay. You explained how the stream of electricity will cease, when it runs out of its electrons. However, if I remember from my high school science class, an electron is both positively and negatively set of charged particles and are all independent of each other and all are free-flowing through space and time and matter. And a positive and a negative charge do not like each other and stand on the opposite sides of the shared room without fighting. What will happen in the sky, if a pocket of positive electrons decide to leave our newly created live wave of speeding electricity through the atmosphere?"
He gasped in shock and then nodded with a smirk. "You did you study and pass all of your high school science tests. There is something called drift speed that will take care of any rebel electrons. Nature has a method of balancing the bad with the good. Don't worry about the wave of electricity, Garth! It will soar through the air and then bounce off each benben stone landing down inside my newly created electrical field and then the end." Garth exhaled with worry and nodded in silence to his brave friend Beck.
Beck smiled. "Once you mouth spit on the correct stone on the obelisk, you start the process and you will be located in Karnak and none of the benben stones will be on top of the targeted pyramids."
"Yes, I must visit the obelisk at Karnak and spit on the correct stone. Yes, the process will begin. However, the benben stone is the key for gathering the heated electrons. If the Great Pyramid does not wear a golden hat, then nothingness happens. The benben stone is the activation key like the starter on an automobile. I will place the golden hat on top of the Great Pyramid as the last identified pyramid."
Garth frowned. "But you'll be located in the country of Egypt. I'll located within the US State of California, here in the USA. Do you want me to go and babysit the Old Gray Man? If the event process takes only 4.8 seconds, then you can't fly that fast even as a Seventh Son god to beat the heat," he laughed.
He smiled. "That's a great analogy, Garth!" Beck back stepped from the railing on the table and spun around, pacing back and forth in thought. "Hmm! I had not thought I must be in two places at once. I can't be in Egypt and in America at the same time."
Garth slapped his chest and nodded with a smile. "I would be honored to go to Birmingham. I can construct an electrical field by splitting the atom and ripping out the positive from the negative ..."
"No!" Beck turned and stared at Garth in silence.
Garth stood still and stared back into pair of aqua eyeballs on Beck. Both of them knew the truth. The stream of electricity will not harm the humans or the earth soil or the clouds or the animals, but kill each life form that sits or stands or flies near the newly created deadly electrical field. Beck was sacrificing his person into nothingness for the love of his three supernatural friends, Cinta, Risa, and Garth, who would continue to live in peace and mercy on Planet Earth.
Garth smiled and slapped his chest. "Well, I'll go and place the benben stone on top of the Great Pyramid."
"No!" Beck spoke sharply and continued to stare at Garth. "I'll use Cinta. She can travel to Egypt and wait around the tourist attention in her new designer clothes until dusk and place the benben stone on top of the Great Pyramid and then leap off the structure using her super-human strength falling down to the ground and getting her set of designer clothes dirty. She'll be unharmed but complaining for days. Garth, Risa is still clueless to her true identity and is still hidden within the secret locate of the alien headquarters that we do not know. I'll be located down on the ground soil there in Birmingham. When I open the mirror portal on my end, you can enter first through the mirror portal and kill a couple of the energy balls and then land down on the clean in the Alien Headquarters. You must find and locate Risa. She thinks she is one of them and will leap through the opposite mirror portal with the sheep and then she will ..."
"Risa!" Garth gasped in alarm and slowly nodded with understanding. "I must find and reach Risa, before this mess starts. I'm glad that you understand me and her, Beck."
Beck nodded with a smile. "I completely understand. I love Risa too. But she has picked you as her future husband. I wish the best for the both ..."
"Hey, now! Don't start acting like my sister, who wants to marry right now and right here, if she was here. Where is she?" He turned and scanned the ugly room which was dusty and damaged.
Beck laughed. "I saw Cinta through the window leave the house and load into a limousine this morning. 
Garth laughed with a nod. "She's spending all your money and buying the stores out."
"I enjoy spoiling her. She's going to be ..."
"...happen to be my good luck that I missed my sister, this morning. So, when do we crown the golden hat on each pyramid, Beck?"
"First, I go to the bank and get us cash money. Then I go to the airport and take the first flight from the city of Los Angeles to the country of Egypt, which is half-way across the world. While touring as a happy tourist in Egypt, I'll take one of the benben stones and bury it in a hiding spot for Cinta to find and use executing the death event. That blows two days and nights for me with the time change and my upcoming jet lag. You stay here and update Cinta on the new plan and her sissy role executing the death event. Second, I return back and share all my toys, a bag of benben stones in gold ..."
Garth frowned. "How are you going to get a bag of gold by the international police and customs without getting arrested by the local police or detained until one thousand years old?"
He smiled. "I can't use my god powers, but I' m talented with charm skills. I can get my person outta of any situation. Don't worry about me! I'll get the job done right and might and be back here within two days. Then we'll split the work in half. You place a golden hat on the two American cities and the single Quebec pyramid which should be done within 48 hours or two days of flying around the skies and paying for each taxi cab and every hotel rooms and all of the food meals. Uh! The placement of the golden hat must be done during nighttime hours in the dark after every human is gone from the area. We can't use our god powers for any reason." Garth nodded with understanding. Beck slapped his chest. "I'll crown all the European countries during the nighttime hours also. There are a set of super-fast trains that connect the countries of England, France, and Germany for any and all citizens, visitors, and gods, where I can complete these three tasks in one night. Then I will fly the last airplane out from Germany to the country of Sweden try to crown the Swedish pyramid, before sunrise. I'll catch the last airplane flight from Sweden to Greenland and see the sun rise above the earth plane ending my first twenty-four hours. Once I land in Greenland, I hike to the pyramid, which is located on top of a mountain glacier. I don't think a pack of curious visitors or daring skiers or hunger polar bears will be accompanying me on the hike. Once I crown the pyramid peak, I'll catch the next airplane flight back to the US. Then I'll take numerous airplane flights and by the end of the second day, I reach Birmingham, Alabama, my final destination."
Garth frowned. "What about sleep and food, Beck?"
"A true god does not sleep or eat or pee, Garth! I thought I had taught you that slick trick, boy," he laughed with Garth. Beck smiled."We got a plan. You got your tasks. I got my tasks. And Cinta has something else to do, but shop all day and night with my money," he scooted around the billiards table with laugher and headed towards the closed entrance door. "I'll leaving the house and walking down at the end of the street. There are numerous taxi cabs down there waiting to steal my money, in case you need a transport for any reason."
Garth slowly spun around and followed Beck, saying with confusion. "How are you going to fly internationally with your American driver's license?"
Beck halted and spun around to face Garth whipping out the item near his smile. "I possess an American passport and a pair of clean briefs. My biological mother told me never to leave home without them," he winked at Garth and spun around, opening the door, exiting the house.

At 11:11 am, with bright sunshine, on Rodeo Drive, inside a designer brand bridal shop, Cinta stood on top of the short dais, staring into the mirror at her reflection, frowning at the white tinted bridal dress. The dress skirt was bellowed and fluffy around her legs without decorations of sea pearls, glittering sequins or fake diamond stubs. The bodice was covered in lace that hid her yellow tinted skin.
Inside the large private dressing room, on the rear wall, a tan and gray tinted living room setting stood alone and was occupied with numerous white tinted bridal gowns that did not satisfy the picky young girl.
This morning, after leaving the abandoned house, Cinta had started out buying more designer clothes and then become bored with the same store. Then she decided to shop for her upcoming wedding ceremony which would occur within two days. Beck and her brother Garth were plotting a death plan with the gang of nasty god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind that would be eliminated within a couple of days. 
Last night, during her private fashion show inside her private bedroom while modeling her new clothes, she could hear Beck and Garth debating about the right method to kill their enemies.
Now, Cinta was shopping for the last and most important item, her wedding gown.
Inside the private dressing room, the wedding shop clerk displayed a tall, slender body with a head of gray tinted hair that was wrapped in a high bun on her rear skull, a pair of tired brown tinted eyeballs, and a face of pale-tinted wrinkles, wearing an ankle-length gray tinted motherly gown without a single decorative pattern or a designer name. She worked for a living and catered to the wealthy young brides, standing in front of the side mirror with a stern face and her business telephone while carefully watching the young female who appeared like a high school teenager, rather than a college student. She slightly smirked and firmly stated to Cinta. "Do you like this wedding gown, Cinta?"
"No! I want a wedding gown that screams hot and spicy, not dull and boring." Cinta frowned into the reflection mirror. She had cleverly plotted to marry her fiancé Beck, within the next two days. Currently, her best friend Risa was held inside the hidden Alien Headquarters at the moment. Once both Beck and Garth eliminated their enemies, Risa would be freed and come to Cinta's wedding. Once Cinta and Beck were married, Cinta would help Risa plan her wedding next.
Inside the private dressing room, the second wedding shop clerk displayed a young face with as short body, a long red tinted ponytail, a pair of dark eyes, and a tone of pale skin and wore the same gray tinted ankle-length dress, squatting down, checking the length of the gown at the feet of Cinta, like a peasant. She slowly stood upright with a fake smile and moved behind the gown, lifting up the dress train for Cinta. Cinta reached down and lifted up the front of the skirt, slowly waddling ahead back into the private dressing booth while dragging the rest of the long train into the same spot.
"Yes, miss!" The bridal clerk closed the door and spun around frowning at her supervisor, shaking her curls at the difficult young bride in silence, moving ahead into the show room with rows of white tinted wedding gowns to bring the young girl a new one. "That pale skinned girl is really mean."
Inside the private dressing booth, Cinta slowly removed the unwanted wedding gown and waited for the young clerk to bring her another one, smiling with delight at her morning shopping spree.

At 11:18 am, inside the abandoned house, teen alien Garth stood in place and chuckled with amusement, staring at the closed door that needed to replaced, exhaling with worry. "Cinta is safe here shopping her heart out. Beck is smart building the death trap. I'm useless. And my girl Risa is trapped inside the Alien Headquarters, somewhere on this planet. I gotta go and get her outta of there, right now. This can't wait until Cinta or Beck returns back to the house," he back stepped from the railing and squatted down, opening one of the manual textbook, finding a blank page and ripped out the paper. He grabbed one of the ink pens from the scattered stack on the floor, where resourceful Beck had collected items for the historical search of ancient pyramid to implement his brilliant plan of eliminating the nasty gang of god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind from Planet Earth, foreverly.
He stood upright from the dirty floor and leaned over the bed cloth on the billiards table, writing a note for Beck and dropped the ink pen back down on the floor. He shuffled his personal hand-written note underneath the paper map with the tail end hanging out and marked with a red tinted tack for alert standing upright from the table, exhaling with worry. He whispered for his eardrums only and shook his shoulder length hair. "I'm so sorry, Beck. Thanks for giving me and Risa a chance for a great life," Garth stared at his hand-written note with deep thoughts and then studied the paper map, nodding in silence, spinning around and slowly moved ahead to the closed entrance door. He exited the house and didn't look back, picking up speed, jogging down to the end of the street. He stopped and slid down into the empty rear seat within a line of sitting taxi cabs, instructing the driver to head to the Los Angeles airport.
The taxi cab sped off with the command and raced down the crowded street with the other automobiles.
Garth leaned back and exhaled with worry for his person, his girl Risa, his sister Cinta, and his friend Beck. This moment was the most dangerous of their lives right now. Garth didn't know the hidden location of the Alien Headquarters either but he was a smart alien male.
Their gang of enemies could not follow the four outlaws consisting of Garth, Risa, Cinta, and Beck from the active, current destructive battle scene as the mirror portal created by one of the outlaws would immediately shut down and blocked any and any visitors or trespassers from following the four outlaws. However, when the four outlaws summed a new mirror portal and entered through landing in a new place, the gang of enemies felt the release of the supernatural powers and then created a parallel mirror portal, leaping through the mist, landing down at the same place and battled with the four outlaws.
Right now, the four outlaws had always won each battle fight. Now, the four outlaws were separated and battling their own demons.
Garth whispered for his eardrums only, "United we stand; divided we fall. We are not standing side by side in the same place anymore. Thus, we are all destined to fall down and die."
The taxi cab driver was a clever man and arrived in record time at the Los Angeles airport, parking illegally in front of the departure terminal. Garth didn't possess a bank account with millions of dollars or an American passport for world travel like Beck, but he possessed a wallet of American money and a pair of clean briefs too. He paid the driver and slid out from the taxi cab, looking up at the funny-shaped building that resembled an outer space ship.

At 11:33 am, the Los Angeles airport displayed a round-shaped building with four curved beams coming out from the rooftop hitting the ground like a concrete spider.
Garth shook his head at the stupid inventions coming from the visiting aliens that heavily influence the more stupid humans. The taxi cab did not move but waited for another passenger. Garth scooted around the rear bumper on the taxi cab and entered the building moving to the first airplane booth, purchasing a first class ticket to the sizzling heat Miami city within the US State of Florida with a smile. He left the airfare booth and slowly moved down the corridor towards his airport gate while watching each person. Each human was shuffling a briefcase or a handbag or their children and their personal luggage advancing to their airplane gate. Each visiting alien in disgust as a human was either shuffling their alien children to their airplane gate or standing on the sideline while watching each human with a different purpose.
Garth grinded his teeth at the malicious alien visitor and veered this foot pathway into the male or the female, slamming into the upright body, growling into the smiling face. Then he quickly stole their money and their airplane ticket. The alien visitor would be stuck at the airport until he or she left the airport and hiked back to their alien home base or connected with another alien friend for a ride back home, before robbing the innocent human of money or pride.
Planet Earth was occupied with the race of humans that had been created by the Source and protected by an army of powerful supernatural creatures from the Source. However, eons ago, the race of humans had misbehaved very badly which had both annoyed and angered the Source. Then the Source allowed other species from other planets to visit Planet Earth for some party fun. However, some of the aliens did not want to party down with fun. They wanted to part the humans, cause trouble, and rule the resourceful planet including the race of dumb natives and abuse the valuable minerals for their personal gain, which was happening on a daily basis.
Garth and Cinta had come from the Star seeds alien family and wanted to aid the race of humans with a happy future while living on Planet Earth. Their native planet was slowly dying and could not sustain life. Thus, they wanted to stay and play nice inside the sand box with the other children.
Beck had always enjoyed the race of humans and fallen in love with Risa. He greatly desired to marry human teen girl Risa and raise a sweet half-breed family within his home city of Apollo. However, he had learned over time that his god-kind and goddess-kind family members had been jealous of the race of humans and the visiting alien species while desiring to rule over each man, woman, infant, child, teenager, senior adult, animal, plant, insect, fish, and alien. His family was one of the dominate god-kind species, who had come from leader Zeus.
Now, the ancient gods and goddesses were alive here on the planet but powerless without their grand god and goddess powers. A new breed of new gods and goddesses had entered the traditional Fosterage Ritual and then something went terribly wrong. The ancient gods and goddesses had been quickly removed from Planet Earth for their safety and welfare but had mysterious returned and fought against the race of nasty Titans winning the second civil war with much death, destruction, and depletion of their own god and goddess powers.
Beck never did receive the full fairy tale but his family members were angry and miffed at the ancient gods and goddesses and their fall from god-hood. Beck was not allowed into the traditional Fosterage Ritual as his blood line did descend from Zeus, but he was the 113th cousin of Greek god Zeus. Only a direct blood line entered into the Fosterage Ritual for private god and goddess training.
Beck had been trained by his parents, grandparents, great-grandparents, brothers, and cousins to use his god powers when he had discovered that he was a Seventh Son. Then his parents had conceived of a grand idea, ruling the world using their biological son, of course.
Beck didn't want to be included in that plot and worked against his evil family members surviving the Syzygy event that drained exposed every supernatural creature on the planet, if the supernatural creature didn't run and hide in the mountain caves.

At 11:58 am, inside the airport corridor, Seventh Son and alien male Garth arrived at the airplane gate and showed his airplane ticket, entering the airplane, taking a window seat in the first class section on the second row. He accepted a plate of food and a cold beverage from the pretty stewardess, eating with delight as a first class passenger, waiting for the other humans to board the plane.

At 12:03 pm, Garth possessed a full stomach of food and sipped on the cold beverage, leaning into the oversized leather seat, feeling the airplane back away from the building.
The airplane taxied to the runaway and waited its turn, nosily flying off the tarmac, swiftly soaring into the clouds.
Garth continued to sit with a smile and finished the cold beverage enjoying the flight while listening to the business of the stewardess, the pilot, and the humans around his seat. The flight tilted sideways and started to flight in a southern direction, quickly accelerating in speed. The overhead speaker twitched with a soft ting. The voice of the pilot smoothly said. "We have left the Los Angeles viewing area and have reached our cruising altitude of 35,000 feet and an airspeed of 500 knots or 575 miles-per-hour. We are crossing over the San Bernardino National Forest. The forest is federal lands and encompasses over 823,000 acres of wilderness trees and bushes. Mountain elevators range from a low of 2,000 feet up towards 11,499 feet. The two tallest waterfalls are located here in the forest, which are called Big Falls and Bonita Falls. And for you dedicated Hollywood movie and television fans, the San Bernardino National Forest was the filming location for the television program Daniel Boone in the year 1936 and the musical Hollywood movie film Paint Your Wagon in the year 1969..."
By the time the pilot had finished his short narration of the San Bernardino National Forest, Garth had used his alien powers and teleported off the blue tinted leather first class seat from the flying airplane over the Sand Bernardino National Forest.

At 12:04 pm, inside the private office of the president at the local Los Angeles bank, seventeen years old and Seventh Son Beck wore the same outfit and sat inside the red tinted oversized leather chair and smiled at the tall, slender, suntanned bank president, who lounged behind a nine-foot long polished dark tinted office desk. Her office desk displayed framed pictures of his family, a black tinted laptop, and additional framed pictures of famous celebrities, who banked with her.
She leaned over and slid back each item to Beck while nodding with a smile. "Mr. Actworth, I am so happy that your billions and your person bank with us, here at the sister branch of the Third National Bank. This small stack of money looks tiny but contains your requested 100,000 dollars in denominations of 500 hundred dollar bills only. I must ask. Why are you using only five hundred dollar bills?"
He accepted his passport first and opened the flap, snatching up the short stack of American bills, stuffing the money inside the plastic cover. He closed the passport and tucked the item inside his blue tinted sports jacket for safekeeping while winking at the president. "I'm taking a quick trip over the Middle East. I want to travel both light and lightweight," Beck chuckled with a smile and slapped both of his arms down on each leg. "This particular bill is quick handy when seeking the assistance of the natives or bribing the local bully for with a hand gun for my precious life force," he smiled with humor. A human could not kill a god, only a even or greater god or goddess, which did not exist.
She gasped in shock and then smiled at Beck. "Well, if your life force is in danger during your Middle East trip. How you concerned who will benefit from your trust account? Do you have a wife that will inherit the billions? We, here at National Bank, want to continue to keep your billions safe and sound. If you do not have a single benefactor, may I suggest that you can fill out this paper form and identify one, before you leave my office and board your private airplane jet to the Middle East. Then, all of your billions will go to that hand-written and eye witnessed name on that piece of paper keeping all of your billions here inside your bank for the rest of its life."
He gasped in shock and then smiled with a nod. "That's an excellent idea! Thank you for the suggestion. I had not thought of my billions in that way."
"We always think of money first, before the customer. That is our bank motto," she grinned.
He accepted the piece of paper and wrote down the name, kissing the paper for fun, handing it back to the president. He nodded with a smile. "Now, my billions will have a permanent home for the rest of its life," Beck laughed out loud at the silly human greed for earthly material possessions that didn't get a living soul back into the heavenly plane. He gasped in shock and slapped his heart organ on the side of his jacket, tumbling down from the chair, landing down on the floor. His body flung each limb in the air and then dropped down in silence. Beck rested on top of the wooden plank like a dead man.
The president screamed in shock and stood upright from her office chair, shouting out to her personal secretary inside the outer office space, rushing around her office desk. She stopped and squatted down beside Beck reaching out, checking his pulse. He was alive and breathing but unconscious for some reason."
The man secretary slammed open the door and gasped in shock, staring down at an unconscious Beck. "What happened in here? Does he own us money? Is he dead from a heart attack or brain stroke? Did you kill him with your words or your looks?" He laughed out loud.
She frowned at her secretary. "No! He is a billionaire and possess billions of dollars here that I wanna keep here too. He fell from the chair during our conversation and landed down here on the floor, without warning. He is unconscious but breathing."
He smiled. "O goody! I'll run and call the police and the paramedics for his health."
She yelled in pain and waved her hand in the air. "No! Come inside and close the door!"
He frowned. "Why? What for? He needs medical attention right now and right here."
She hollered again in fury. "No! Come inside and close that door, right now!"
The secretary gently closed the door and padded ahead with a stern face, squatting beside an unconscious Beck. "What are we doing here on the floor watching over an unconscious male?"
She exhaled with worry and nodded with a stern face to her secretary. "Mr. Actworth received a tiny stack of 100,000 dollars in five hundred dollar bills a few minutes ago, which is located inside his sports jacket pocket, but he didn't sign the release form yet. If I call the ambulance and send his unconscious body to the hospital, then a nasty person will rob him of my money and steal from my bank. I'll be fired with you for releasing that money without an authorization form."
The secretary nodded back with a stern face. "So, reach inside his jacket and yank out your money!"
She sneered. "No! I do not rob a blind man; only a seeing man."
He smiled. "You have made the right decision, ma'am. But, if he doesn't receive medical attention and he dies right here on your office floor, then his billions is gone from out bank anyways. But, we got our 100,000 dollars back."
She stood upright with laughter and reached over, snatching up the signed sheet of paper, looking down at the hand-printed name. "This is why I am the bank president and you are the lowly bank secretary. I had him sign a benefactor form for his billions and the name is Cinta. If he dies right here on my floor, then Cinta can come and claim his body and his billions," she laughed out loud and hugged the piece of paper with delight.
"You're a smart woman and a smartass, bank president!" he laughed with his lady boss and stared down at an unconscious Beck within aiding the male.


Same day, different USA city with USA Central Time Zone...

At 02:08 pm, Seventh Son from the alien clan, Garth gently landed down on the soft grassy spot underneath the arch in the city of St. Louis within the US State of Missouri. The manicured green tinted grass covered 82-acres of beautiful park lands with low pods of colorful flowers, nicely trimmed dark green plant bushes, and a row of very tall trees and slowly spun around smiling at the park and the pretty day and then completed his twirl staring at the muddy mighty Mississippi River that stood in front of Garth and flirted with the gigantic man-made arch.
On top of the smooth but muddy river water, numerous paddleboats had docked thousands of feet below the Gateway Arch on each side of the wooden pier while waiting on a load of new passengers to board the polished wooden decks, before each paddle boat slowly cruised down the fresh water and view the new landscape. He reached up and used his alien powers, cutting off his shoulder length curls and shaving his beard off, snapping his fingers and distributed more of his alien powers throughout the air waves to alert his enemies. He changed the set of borrowed clothes into a white tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of faded blue jeans, and a pair of polished gray and black cowboy boots while whispering for his eardrums only. "The city of St. Louis is the inland port within the US State of Missouri and is located on the western bank of the mighty Mississippi River which is heavily influenced by western culture and blue music. I can hear some of the playing musicians in the background behind the state capital building," he sniffed the air waves and then smiled. "And I can smell the roasting barbecue food platters from the row of eating restaurants back there too. St. Louis is also known as the Gateway to the West and houses the famous and tall Gateway Arch, the Saint Louis Zoo, the famous beer company. I wished I could visit the beer company and tour the brewing facility while sipping on a cold one, instead I stand here and wait." He looked up with a smile and examined the tall arch.
The St. Louis Gateway Arch is 630 feet in height and wears a stainless stain coat and is built in the form of a weight catenary, where the twin legs are thicker and wider than its upper section.  The tall monument had been created and built to honor all the men and women who had expanded the USA territory westward with their blood, guts, and grit including the Third United States of American President Thomas Jefferson, his aides US Minister of France Robert Livingston and American statesman James Monroe, the great explorers Meriwether Lewis and 
William Clark. All of the hardy hunters, trappers, and pioneers that lived and died developing the wilderness lands and creating the great United States of America that still exists during modern times.
The Gateway Arch is the tallest arch in the world, the tallest man-made monument in the Western Hemisphere, the tallest accessible building in the US State of Missouri. The arch is official dedicated to the American people and is the centerpiece of the Gateway Arch National Park and is a popular tourist attraction.
The Gateway Arch had been designed by Finnish-American architect Eero Saarinen in the year 1947 and had been completed on October 28, 1965 at a monetary cost of thirteen million dollars. The arch opened to the public on June 10, 1967 and has been visited by 25 million tourists.
Garth slowly scooted over and touched the steel material with a smile. "I see steel on the exterior and carbon steel materials on the interior with a concrete filling that hold the monument upright and steady." He frowned. "However, American's mightiest national monument is showing signs of corrosion and rust spots. The upper regions on the stainless steel surface is rusty. The massive northern steel leg displays rust from water accumulation. An engineer needs to patch this baby before the corrosion and rust spots become worse for wear and tear on the steel metal plates."
Garth removed his hand and shuffled from the arch standing in the grass in front of the river, looking up at the clear pale blue sky, wiping the wet sweat from his forehead and felt the hot, muggy 88 degrees Fahrenheit heat on his face and his body. He whispered for his eardrums only. "Where are the bastards?"


Same day, different USA city with USA Mountain Time Zone...

At 01:10 pm, inside the secret Alien Headquarters, on the 13th level floor hallway, seventeen years old, alien girl Risa stood in front of the solid glass wall and wore the same short wrinkled but non-smelly mini-dress in pale yellow from yesterday with a pair of bare feet. The smooth glass floor was cool on her toe bones. She frowned down into the swirling cloudy mist in white hue with total confusion. She had spent hours yesterday walking each floor level seeing the same format.
A hallway enclosed in solid glass with a column of sleeping pods on one side wall, the twirling mist in white in the opposite side wall. The forward and rear wall displayed a solid glass wall, without a set of glass steps or a working human elevator, where each person had to use their personal supernatural power and flew up the smooth wall, landing on the next floor level.
Risa was acutely aware of time. The current time was nine in the morning. She was acutely aware of her current location inside a glass tower that stood on top of twenty thick, tall glass columns, which were sixty-six feet apart and then planted down into the earth soil for balance. Her alien eyeballs could look down and see through the lower level of glass and as her active mind counted out the far distance and the number of floors.
Her body had landed in the middle of the glass tower inside that glass coffin, which was called a sleeping pod. Then Risa had met a few of the friendly residents near her sleeping pod who had assisted her and then they veered ahead and visited the Great Hall on top and slightly on the side of the massive residential glass tower, seeing the Alien King for the first time. She was not impressed and left the Grand Hall wondering through each floor level, looking for an escape door without success.
She had ventured upwards first, instead of downwards while discovering why each resident was very nice and friendly with the other residents. She cared not to experience that same discovery and continued to moan with frustration while sliding back down from the first floor to the 44th floor, wondering the next floor level with the same interior design, without an escape door.
Now, she stood on top of the thirteenth floor level and stood in front of the glass window, staring down into the white mist. Her alien eardrums could hear the sings and squawks of the wildlife birds and animals outside the glass tower, which had to be miles from the structure. However, her eyeballs never viewed a flock of flying birds or a nest of flying insect near the glass windows. The glass tower with the numerous supernatural residents scared off the natural wildlife with fright and then flight deeper into the safe woodlands area.
Risa slowly scooted sideways and continued to study the white mist concluding it represented cloud cover that surrounded and gently bombarded the glass windows without harm as each cloud was just passing through the air currents, where the massive glass tower stood in its pathway. She reached up and touched her cheekbone, feeling the smooth healed skin without scar tissue or a rough lumpy tear, gently rubbing the rest of her face with annoyance.
Risa was still confused about her healing bodily injures that had resulted from a personal catfight with one of the residents or a stranger for some reason. She was also puzzled about her person. She could not remember her home address, her home city, or her parents, only her name, Risa. She was an alien female and lived with the other alien-kind, god-kind, and goddess-kind here at the glass tower. A group of four outlaws had attacked and murdered each adult from every surviving alien-kind, god-kind, and goddess-kind a few weeks ago and now they were running for their lives while the residents here at the glass tower tracked them down for the final death kill. However, Risa didn't recall that fairy tale, but she accepted it, not really believing it.
During her lonely walking tour, she had wasted tons of time viewing each floor, finding the same format without an exit door from late morning until the early evening of moonlight beams that invaded each glass floor and produced an array of colorful lights that made Risa smile. Then her upright and balanced physician girly body was snatched from the 13th floor and rested on top of the smooth bed inside another glass coffin by a stronger supernatural force. She was shocked and then asleep with rest. That stronger supernatural force had control of her mind and her body forcing Risa off the physical floor surface and inside another enclosed physical glass box during the nighttime hours for rest.
Risa slept through the moonlight beams and twinkling stars awakening a few minutes after the new sunrise of a new day, slapping the side glass wall on her new sleeping pod and fell from the unit. She slowly stood upright from the glass floor on the 13th floor and wore her wrinkled mini-dress while sneering at the stronger supernatural force, the tall and ugly Alien King. He was inside her nighttime dreams too.
Risa continued to flex her hands into fists and growled at her mistreatment from the Alien King. Now, she was determined to find an exit door and exit the glass tower leaving the Alien King and his band of too friendly warriors. She started touring the 35th floor again and ended down on the 24th floor, staring at the glass wall, pondering her predicament.
Inside her mind, the words whispered from the Alien King: The four outlaws have emerged from hiding for the final death kill. Leap through the mirror cloud portal and land down on the ground! Fight each outlaw for our freedom!
In front of Risa, on the solid glass window, the center portion of glass rapidly melted away and then morphed into a sideways cloud that held twinkling sparks in rainbow colors, soaring flashes of dark colored lightning bolts and a faint image of manicured grass. Risa gasped in shock and then quickly back stepped in fear, slamming into the opposite glass wall, staring at the new creation in fright. Her alien eardrums hear the shouts of cheer, evil laughter, and strings of nasty words coming from the other residents throughout the glass tower. She looked up and gasped in alert viewing each glass floor level.  Each resident raced ahead with laughter and then leaped through the mirror portal without fear, but cheer and then disappeared from the glass hallway. She could see hundreds of individual leaving the hallway and entering the mirror portal.
Risa returned back and nodded to the mirror portal with a stern face. "O! I understand. I am part of the fighting force that battles the gang of outlaws. O! That's how I was injured. One of the outlaws attacked and hit my face, but I had survived. Well, I can fight and I can survive again! Here I come, again, ya bad outlaw!" She raced ahead with a sneer and pumped both her two arms in the air, leaping up from the floor, flying into the cloud dust and screamed in both fright and cheer also.

Back in the city of St. Louis, within the US State of Missouri, at 02:18 pm, in the heated day, on top of the manicured grass a few feet from the Gateway Arch, eighteen years old and Seventh Son of the alien clan, Garth continued to stand and sweat from the heated day, staring into the blue sky, cussing at his enemies. "I'm still here waiting and sweating in the heat, ya'll. Where are the bastards?"
Above the row of clouds, a new cloud of colorful dust filled the air waves vomiting out numerous huddles of colorful balls of energy that invaded the St. Louis skyline above the numerous human airplane flight paths and the flock of flying birds.
His alien eyeballs identified the weird cloud quickly as the newly created mirror portal coming from the Alien Headquarters. He exhaled with relief. "Risa, are you up there? I can't feel your presence, yet. I can't see your physical body, either. Where are you, Risa? Once I find you, we are escaping from St. Louis and starting our new life together as a loving married couple. Beck, I'm so sorry, but you are on your own, buddy!"
Garth spun around with laughter and leaped up from the manicured grass, standing on top of the 630-foot high arch using his alien powers, of course. He looked sideways and waved his hand, creating a line of duplicates of his own body, standing on top of the arch surface with Garth. Then he performed the same alien trick on the other side of the arch surface.
The true alien male Garth jumped down from the arch tip and gently landed down on the grass, flipping both of his hands, creating an army of duplications that reflected his face and his body as an outlaw rebel. He laughed out and stood in the middle of the fake soldiers watching the horde of energy ball morph back into a humanoid body.
The gang of god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind did not know his name or his face, only attacked the opposite energy wave coming from Cinta, Risa, Garth, and Beck. However, each god-kind and goddess-kind knew of teenager Beck and his deceit of the ancient god-hood rituals and the terrible betrayal of his biological clan. The Alien King wanted outlaw Beck captured alive, imprison the rebel, personally torture and then publicly kill the villain in this horrible fairy tale.
In the bright sky, in front of the stationary mirror cloud, each individual scooted away from each other and covered their body with a colorful personal cloud disguise and then covered the length of the sky, targeting each individual down on the ground and on top of the arch surface. Each supernatural creature scanned the new human city and surveyed each human object, not the human. Each one wiggled a hand using their power and stole the human object from the city street, the open door on a human apartment or from the cruising paddleboat. The human object swiftly rose from the ground and hovered in front of the individual. The individual flung out a string of colorful fire at the human object into a colorful fireball tossing the fiery item down at one of the outlaws on the ground or on top of the arch surface.
A red, blue, green, and yellow energy ball emitted from the mirror portal and halted a few feet from the cloud, morphing into the ten-foot tall Alien King. He swiftly glided to the side of the cloud and hovered slightly beside the mirror cloud protecting the exit route from Beck's god powers. If Beck appeared in front of the mirror portal, he could blast the portal into nothingness. Then the gang of supernatural creatures would be unable to escape and die at the unholy mercy of his Seventh Son god talents, which could destroy the rest of the clan.
From the mirror cloud portal, a tiny pink and green tinted energy ball emerged and continued to roll across the active battle field, quickly shuffled to the side out of the way. Then the ball rapidly dropped down towards the hard ground soil on the city park and then morphed into an upright humanoid. Risa screamed out loud in fear and extended all of her limbs, slowly descending her speed without halting her body in the air waves. She continued to fall and scream in panic. She did not remember this part of her previous flight from her previous fight.
On the ground, Garth continued to stand in the row of duplicate warriors and gasped in panic also, recognizing Risa, who was in trouble. He flipped his hand and morphed into invisibility status, which was only a Seventh Son cool alien trick, running backwards from the row of selfie warriors, watching Risa. She was going to hit the ground and die.
He leaped up from the grass and flew in her direction. During his invisibility trick, Garth could not touch or hit a solid object as he was not a solid object either, but a ghostly object. This particular alien trick was a useless tactic during a fight. He gathered air speed and started flying ahead but within a large circle pulling all of the invisibility air currents around his invisible body like a sudden wind storm. He flew upwards and created a circular pocket of invisible air that collided into the two booted feet on Risa, flipping upside down. She halted with force and gasped in fear, hovering her upside body using her own alien powers.
Risa stood upright in the air waves and smiled at her awesome powers, looking up, viewing her new outfit, a maroon tinted battle suit with a long-sleeved tee shirt, a matching sleeveless vest, a pair of matching skinny jeans, and a pair of matching cowgirl boots. She dropped both of her arms and slapped her new clothes, hearing the loud screams coming from each injured or scared human down on the city street, in front of the human buildings, inside each home, and on the top of the deck on each paddleboat. She looked sideways and gasped at the colorful and nosily commotion that was occurring the sky and above the river water. Each supernatural creature wore a colorful cloud and continued to steal a human object, dropping the fiery object down at one of the outlaws that stood inside the Gateway Arch. However, each creature was young in age, not experienced as a warrior while missing the outlaw, hitting one or more of the innocent humans or the stationary larger human buildings or the human city streets or the human river boats that maimed, mutilated, and murdered each person, pet, and property.
Risa didn't understand the current plan coming from the Alien King. The single male outlaw was the target, not the race of humans. The Alien King hovered upright beside the cloud mist transportation and watched the destruction while laughing in revenge. She returned back and sneered down at the devastation. 
Invisible Garth needed her girl Risa to land down on top of the ground for their secret escape from the gang of enemies and the city of St. Louis. He continued to fly in a circle and gathered up more air waves at the height of 15,000 feet, swiftly dropping back down towards Risa.
A strong wave of air slammed down on top of her hair roots. Risa swiftly dropped down from the sky and screamed out loud in fear, flinging all of her limbs out of control, without using her alien powers.
Garth quickly descended down first and then landed on top of the smooth brick surface inside a narrow alleyway in-between a row of tall red-bricked buildings, away from the fighting on the Gateway Arch park with his duplicate army, transforming into his solid body. He looked up and smiled at the flying object. Risa was heading right towards the same alleyway and down into his arms.
Garth leaped up from the smooth brick and hovered a few feet from the ground, sliding side to side while pinpointing the direct spot inside the alleyway for safely catching Risa. Then a large blue and yellow fiery fireball ricocheted off the tip surface on the Gateway Arch and hurled towards the same narrow alleyway also.
He continued to smile in place and watched Risa. She continued to fall out of control and screamed in panic. The flying fireball slammed into the rib cage on Garth sending his body sideways into a blue tinted trash bin. The massive fireball created a new trash fire inside the steel container blazing ten feet into the air.
Garth sailed through the metal side of the trash bin with his alien strength without getting a body burn and hit a solid dirty dull colored concrete wall with bird and dog shit piles, stopping in place. He growled at his bad luck and slowly stood upright from the sideway, rubbing his headache, clearing his mind. He viewed his girl Risa.
Risa continued to drop down from the sky and hit the brick alleyway, bouncing up in the air, landing on her back spine inside the colorful garden of flowers. One of the dark-haired and dark-skinned god-kind creatures in a dark green jumpsuit flew down and stood beside an unconscious Risa, reaching down, lifting her off the crumpled flowers and held her his arms.
Garth dashed ahead with worry and shoved the flaming trash bin into the side wall on the side building, shouting out loud. "I got her! I got her!" He used his alien projection and morphed into a shorter, skinny young male with a head blonde colored hair, a tone of dark skin, and a pair of amber eyeballs while racing to Risa and the god-kind male. The god-kind didn't bother to acknowledge the younger creature and flew up from the garden body, soaring through the air waves toward the mirror cloud portal.
Garth cussed out loud and flew off the brick surface inside the narrow alleyway, flying through the air waves, soaring with great speed toward the battle line and then gasped in shock. He stared at the ten-foot giant that glowed in white hue all over his body. The head of the supernatural creatures was signaling the retreat and led his body first into the mirror cloud portal, disappearing from the skyline of St. Louis. The other supernatural creatures stopped the bombardment of fiery object and released each human object from their power gripe. Each human object dropped down towards the ground and then murdered a human life form or destroyed a new piece of property.
Garth growled at the careless regard for the human race and plowed his stronger but shorter body through the semi-crooked flying line of enemies, reaching out, striking each one on each side in the body. He magically terminated numerous enemies on his line as each body turned into a ball of brightly lighted fire and then into plumes of ashes and finally dissolving into nothingness. Garth plowed ahead and terminated more enemy bodies, flying directly into the cloud mist without harming another life form, disappearing from the bright clear skies over the burning paddleboats on top of the muddy Mississippi River and the drifting smoke plumes from the city streets of St. Louis. Each person turned into a ball of energy which protected the humanoid from angry alien Garth.

Back in the city of Los Angeles, during Pacific Time Zone at 12:46 pm, inside the private office of the president at the local Los Angeles bank, seventeen years old and Seventh Son of the god clan, Beck continued to rest face down on top of the floor. The bank president sat inside her red tinted oversized leather chair in silence and worked on her business computer waiting for the body to expire into heaven. Her bank secretary sat inside one of the front oversized chair and worked on his business laptop in silence also.
Beck moaned in pain and wiggled his body, slowly sitting upright on his two kneecaps.
The president gasped in shock and rushed from her desk, squatting down beside Beck with a stern face, without touching his body. "Mr. Actworth, you give me a fright. I'm so happy that your billions and your person are okay here inside my bank office. Do you need a physician? Do you need a hospital? Do you need a glass of water? Do you need an ink pen?" She motioned to her secretary. He rose from his leather chair and stood beside her office desk, reaching down, grabbing an ink pen and release paper for the 100,000 dollars from the bank.
On the floor, Beck wiped off the spittle from his open mouth and checked for any broken bones finding a healthy body, clearing his throat. He slowly stood upright from the floor and slightly shook his body while finding any additional body injury or body illness. He wiped his face and dropped down both of his hands, speaking with a stern face to the president. "I... I'm so sorry for the drama. I...I am prone to fainting spells. But I...I  am awake and functional now. Thanks for your, ma'am!"
She pointed at her secretary and then the paper. "Before you leave, you need to sign the release form for the 100,000 stack of bills, Mr. Actworth."
Beck turned with a stern face and accepted the paper and pen from the male secretary, leaning down at the desk surface, signing the paper and handed both items back to secretary. He returned back and faced the president with a slight grin. "Thank you for your bank services, again, ma'am! I'm leaving your bank," he back stepped from the office desk and slowly spun around with a stern face, heading to the closed door.
She waved with a smile at his back spine. "Good bye, Mr. Actworth! Have a nice trip! Don't worry! Be happy! I'll keep your billions safe until you arrive back home to the USA!"
Beck exited the office and pondered his medical condition, exiting the building, sliding down into a new taxi cab, whispering the city street. The taxi cab was quick and parked at the end of the city street with the abandoned house. Beck paid the driver and exited the cab, slowly moving down the street, probing his body with worry. He whispered with concern. "What is wrong with me? I don't understand. I was sitting in the chair and then I passed out into darkness. This is terrible. I can't take an airplane flight from L.A. to country of Egypt, right now. I need to rest and relax for the rest of the day and the night. Well, I can send Garth to the obelisk in Luxor, Egypt. It doesn't matter who mouth spits on the obelisk as long as the mouth spit lands on the correct stone. Then the secret door with open. Garth can do that also. He's another Seventh Son with the same awesome powers. Then Garth can grab the benben stones and return back to the USA. Tomorrow, we can work together and finish building the death trap for our enemies. A couple of days is not going to matter either for death. She waits for everyone," he laughed out loud and slapped his chest. "I feel fine right now. What was wrong with me back there at the bank?"
Beck arrived at his temporary home and slammed open the door with a smile, moving inside the living room setting, shouting out loud. He stopped and stood in front of the billiards table with the paper map and the tiny colored tacks. "Garth! Garth, come here! I'm back from the bank. I gotta told you my experience at the bank. Where are you, Garth?" He scanned the room with puzzlement and slowly spun around, seeing the interior space of the kitchen, part of the empty hallway, and completed the circle with confusion. He shouted again. "Garth, are you here? Garth! Garth, answer me!" He closed both of his eyelids without using his god powers and listened for a faint movement or a faint voice, without hearing a sound. He opened both of his eyelids and stared at the far wall. "Where is Garth? Why is he absent from the house proper? What happened to him? Cinta, are you here? Cinta! Cinta! I wonder if something happened to Cinta during her shopping spree and Garth had to leave our ugly, borrowed house. No! I was at the local bank. Garth would come to the bank with Cinta, if there was an emergency." He exhaled with worry and looked down studying the paper map. "I'm feeling much better, maybe I was hunger and tired. We worked really last night with Garth. O! He must be at the grocery store again and getting more food. We had fun eating and working on the death project."
Beck spun around with laughter and moved into the kitchen, preparing the lunch meal, two sandwiches, a entire bag of potato chips, and a six-pack of hot sodas. He returned back into the living room and sat on the high stool in front of the billiards table, arranging all of the food items in corner without perturbing the paper map. He ate a bite of the sandwich and opened the new bag of potato chips, chewing the food, popping open the first hot soda. He studied the paper map in silence. Beck needed to finish eating his lunch meal and then leave the house for the Los Angeles airport, booking a flight to the country of Egypt today.
The country of Egypt was seven hours ahead of the current time Los Angeles, California. And the airplane flight from Los Angeles, California to Luxor, Egypt was 21 hours and five minutes. He calculated the information within his god talented mind that absorbed data from people, places, properties on a hourly basis.
So, Beck would arrive early tomorrow morning in the country of Egypt. He would lose an entire day traveling through the sky air current, without using his awesome Seventh Son god powers.
"That sucks!" He mouth spat out his used food particles and then swallowed the chewed food, reaching out for a handful of potato chips, eating the item while pondering his upcoming travel plans. 
Beck had to visit the city of Luxor first and open the ancient sealed obelisk, gathering up a benben stone for each targeted pyramid. "How many golden hats do I need from the Luxor obelisk?" He leaned over and counted each blue tinted tack. "Nine golden hats! That seems like a lot of hats, to me. I wonder if I could eliminate one or two of the targeted pyramids. The countries of France and Germany are next store neighbors. And the targeted city of Paris, France to the targeted city of Karlsruhe, Germanys is 275 miles," he gasped in shock and mouth spat out his chewed food particles over the paper map. "That's less than an eyelash blink of time for an object flying at 186,000 miles per hour. The targeted city of Paris, France to Stockport, England is 504 miles. That's too close for comfort with a stream of live electricity that could harm humans and animals. So, I'm going to eliminate the city of Paris. So, Paris, you're outta of the upcoming sizzling electric light show," he laughed and chewed on more food, scanning the rest of the paper map, seeing the tail end of the piece of paper that had been pricked with a red tinted tack. He reached over with a smile and jerked the paper from the two books, bringing the paper into his face, reading out loud the information.



Beck, buddy!

Thank you for everything. I really appreciate your smart brains and your awesome god powers.
But I am so sorry. I'm leaving you behind and going to look for my girl Risa. I have loved Risa, since I was four year old on the first day at our elementary school and I am not abandoning her for anything, including you or my sister Cinta.
Risa means the world to me. And you can understand that concept of love, which is deaf, dumb, and blind. Thanks to you, Risa and I will have a long and happy life together.

I love you, man! Good luck, Beck!

Your equal Seventh Son brother...

Garth



At 01:14 pm, inside the abandoned house, in front of the billiard table, on top of the stool, Beck leaned down into the table railing and continued to hold the letter from Garth. "Wow! I understand now. I had passed out cold in the banker's office from a Seventh Son power surge, when my friend Garth had used his powerful talents to teleport from the house to somewhere else. Has he discovered the secret Alien Headquarters? No! He left the city of Los Angeles by car or by train or by airplane and then he quickly teleported from that moving transport to someplace else within the United States. I could feel his Seventh Son powers bombarding the upper atmosphere atoms over the country. Then I had passed out into unconsciousness on top of the banker's clean carpet while feeling some of his fighting powers like I was the enemy too. Garth set a trap and entrapped the other god-kind, goddess-kind, alien-kind fighting alone. I can't believe that he survived the war battle. Yes, he did survive the war battle. The war battle was a ploy or a ruse to entrap Risa also. That was very clever, Garth! Garth set up a trap and then Risa fell down into his hands. Good show, Garth! Well, I know now that Risa and Garth are both safe and sound, but he has left me with a pile of bricks and a sake of nails, without a hammer and concrete blocks to finish the job, Garth. But I completely understand. I love Risa, since the first grade, too. I'll abandon my plans and rescue her first." He exhaled with worry. "Now, I must go alone and crown each one of the pyramids. What a task! I wonder, if the stream of electricity can fly a much greater distance then my active imagination can imagine? The air distance between the country of Egypt to France is 2,059 miles. So, if the stream of electricity can fly 2,059 miles within macro-seconds of time like a single bolt of lightning from a thunderstorm, then that same stream of electricity should be able race across the sky and cover millions of miles of air currents with ease. Yeah, I've been pondering this problem from the wrong angel. From the Great Pyramid of Giza, the live stream of electricity can easily fly over the countries of France, England, Germany and then land down in Sweden. What a sec! A stream of live electricity travels at 186,000 miles per second and can leave the country of Egypt and hit the golden hat on the Greenland pyramid and then bounce completely over the massive deep blue Atlantic Oceans waters and then land down in New York City. Yeah, ya'll! I get it! I got it! I got a brilliant plan. Now, I need to tell Cinta. But Cinta is not here at the house with me. I need to leave for the country of Egypt right now. I'm write her a personal note and leave her half of the cash money stack, 50,000 dollars in five hundred dollar bills. She'll need the cash money to reserve and pay for a first class ticket on the next airplane flight from Los Angeles to Alto Egypt and stay at a hotel. She is not going to be happy about her new role within the death event, but she will be very happy after the death event is done.
He ate another bite of the sandwich and leaned down, ripping out a blank page from one of the textbooks, grabbing a pen. He scribbled his instructions the piece of paper and then slowly stood upright with a smile.

At 01:18 pm, inside the bridal dress shop on Rodeo Drive, the new wedding dress hugged her tall, slender, slightly curved teenly figure in the right places, making her appear sexy. Her collar bone, neckline skin, and both of her arms were naked and bare with her golden tinted skin. The neckline plunged down into a tight V-shaped design that ran down the middle of her chest and exposed her belly button. The fabric on the gown was covered in swirls of tiny sea pearls and real diamond stubs that glittered underneath the ceiling of artificial lamps winking back at Cinta. The rear of the gown crossed her shoulder blades and then tapered down into hugging her butthole, kissing her two calf muscles puddling down over the floor into a circular dress train of twenty feet behind Cinta. The dress train fabric was covered in swirls of tiny sea pearls and tiny diamond stubs also that glittered underneath the artificial ceiling light also.
Cinta reached down with a smile and gently touched each tiny sea pearl and diamond with delight.
The head wedding shop clerk smirked and firmly stated to Cinta. "The wedding gown is one of a kind. the designer wanted a special gown for a special bride."
"That's me!" Cinta looked up and dropped her hand to her side while laughing at her reflection. 
Inside the private dressing room, the second wedding shop clerk displayed a young face with as short body, a long red tinted ponytail, a pair of dark eyes, and a tone of pale skin and wore the same gray tinted ankle-length dress, squatting down, checking the length of the gown at the feet of Cinta like a peasant. She said with a smile. "The gown fits your sexy young body like a glove. The gown does not require any body adjustments on your cute girly figure either. The hemline is perfect with the pair of five-inched white tinted fashion designer heeled sandals. Do you wanna purchase the sandals too? The sparkling wedding gown glows against your golden skin. How do you manage this skin tone in the dull clouds of Los Angeles."
Cinta frowned at the annoying question. She was a goddess, not a human. Her body features were perfect and beautiful like her dead biological mother and her breathing handsome brother. "I manage."
The head clerk faked a smile and stared at Cinta. "The gown is priced at two million dollars without a discount. Do you want to purchase the item today?"
Cinta smiled at her reflection. "Yes, I wanna buy the gown. I love it. I love this gown on me too. My fiancé will love this gown on me too," she giggled with her deep, dark secret of love and marriage wedding ceremony.
The younger clerk picked up her sewing instruments from the carpet. "When are you getting married?"
"I'm getting married in two more days."
The wedding clerk stood upright from the carpet and gasped in shock, staring at Cinta. "You are getting married in two more days," she turned to see her supervisor. "Can a bride plan a wedding in two days here in L.A.?"
"No, she can't!" The head clerk sneered at the young bride.
Cinta nodded with a smile and continued to stare at her wedding gown in the mirror, twisting side to side, checking the length. "I just did it. I have reserved the church down the street with an organist. I have ordered my bridal bouquet of white roses and a three-tiered wedding cake in white frosting and pink tinted rosebuds for the evening reception. And I reserved a photographer that will record my happy event and provide numerous digital pictures, to boot."
The younger clerk returned back and smiled at the bride. "How many people will attend your wedding ceremony two days from today?"
Cinta flipped her hand with a smile. "My wedding ceremony only includes family members, a very small and cozy life-changing event," she continued to admire the dress and reached back, lifting up her long blonde colored hair with growing red hair strands into a tight bun. "I shall wear some jewelry to complement my gown and my naked skin. I am fond of diamonds. I need a diamond necklace, a matching diamond bracelet, a pair of diamond stub earrings, and a tiny diamond tiara in my upright hair for my special day. Do you provide diamond jewelry?"
The head clerk sneered at Cinta. "The Cartier jewelry store is next door. We do not carry expensive gem stones or jewelry items. You can shop there, once you pay me for your designer gown."
The younger clerk studied Cinta and then frowned with confusion. "What color are your hair strands? I see two separate colors on top of your hair roots. Do you really color your hair like that? And where is your diamond engagement ring?"
The head clerk gasped in alarm and looked down, seeing an absent engagement ring on the young bride, sneering with angry at the fake customer.
Cinta gasped in alert and automatically covered her left hand with her right hand, nodding with a fake smile, staring down in the mirror. "O no! I do not color my hair. My hair is natural. And silly me! I left my engagement ring at my home. I'm scheduled for a facial and salt bathe a little later in the morning at the spa. Salt products can damage the silver band, not the diamond stone. Nothing on the planet can destroy a diamond stone," she giggled with silliness.
The younger clerk nodded with a smile and slowly moved behind Cinta, squatting down, lifting up the heavy dress train. Cinta slowly moved ahead in her new gown and entered a private dressing booth. The clerk closed the door for privacy. Cinta wiggled out from the dress while softly cursing with fury at her fiancé Beck from her major embarrassment here inside the bridal shop, slowly dressing back into her designer outfit and shoes.
She had complained, begged, and pleaded with him for a diamond engagement ring, since she accepted his offer of marriage six months ago. But, he had didn't refused to honor her request. She wondered if he did cared for her person.
The young clerk rapped on the door and shouted out loud through the wood. "Are your dressed in there, Cinta? I'm ready to pack up your wedding gown into the wedding box for your purchase today."
Cinta exhaled her angry emotions and then slowly inhaled her fake smile, spinning around, seeing the gown on the floor. "Yes, I am ready. Please open the door and come inside."
The door opened and revealed the smiling face on the young clerk. Cinta nodded with a smile and padded around the gown, reaching inside the purse, offering a wad of cash money to the human girl, who worked for the nasty human supervisor. " I wanna purchase the white tinted sandals with my new wedding gown. This is for you. I really appreciate your kind service while shopping for my gown." The girl accepted the wad of cash with a smile in silence. Cinta exited the private booth while thinking of Beck and moved ahead through the bridal shop, stopping and stood in front of the white office desk that served as the bridal check-out point with the metal cash register.
The head clerk sat down in the white tinted fancy chair and smiled at Cinta. "The price for the wedding gown plus the pair of white tinted sandals comes to 2,002,998 dollars. How are you going to pay for your purchase this morning, Cinta?"
Cinta sat down in the chair on the opposite side of the table with a smile and whipped out the black tinted platinum credit card, sliding the plastic through the machine box on the side of the cash register devise. She had been paying each purchase with the credit card, since yesterday, without showing her identification. The machine box softly dinged with the acceptance of two million payment from Beck's personal bank account.
The head clerk gasped in shock and then smiled at Cinta. "Well, you're a lucky bride, Cinta. Your wedding gown is ready. Do you require any other wedding accessories? If not, thank you for shopping with us today." The young clerk appeared and pushed a large kart with a tiny white tinted box on top of an extra-large white tinted box, stopping and stood at the edge of the office table.
Cinta slowly stood upright from the chair with a smile to the two clerks and motioned with her hand, signaling her limousine driver, who had been kind enough to act as her gopher with additional cash money bonus for his person. The tall and handsome male appeared and pushed the bridal kart with the two boxes out from the bridal shop, exiting into the bright sunshine, moving to the parked limousine. He stopped and stored the two items down inside the rear trunk on the rental limousine. Cinta could not wait for the driver to return and was fuming with fury at Beck, opening the heavy door, sliding down over the smooth leather in silence. The driver returned and slid down in the front seat with a smile. "What is your next store, Cinta?"
She sat in the rear compartment and exhaled with annoyance at Beck, looking down at her left hand without a diamond engagement ring. "I'm done with my shopping today. Please return me back home now. Thanks for your service!" The driver started the engine and slowly drove through the crowded street back to the house in silence.

At 01:22 pm, the silver-tinted rental limousine stopped and parked in front of the ugly abandoned house, where the pretty, rich female lived. The driver stopped the engine and slid off the front seat, dashing around to the trunk, retrieving all of her boxes and bags of clothes.
Cinta felt to angry and didn't bother with assistance from her paid driver, slamming open the side limousine door with her super-human strength, racing from the rear seat and slammed into the rotten wood on the entrance door. She broke off some of the rotten staves that landed down on top of the yellow tinted bricked driveway and entered the residence.
Cinta stopped inside the dirty floor within the living room and stood a few feet from the open archway, shouting out loud in fury, tossing both of her arms in the air. She scanned the damaged furniture for her brother and her fiancé. "Beck! Where are you, Beck? I know that you're here inside this ugly house. Come out of hiding right now! I have some vile and vicious words with you, right now!" 
Beck emerged from the kitchen setting with a smile and moved across the floor, tossing both of his arms in happiness. "Cinta, I'm so glad that you're back home. I have much information to share you about our project."
She dropped both of her arms and slapped her legs while sneering at Beck. "I am been humiliated, embarrassed, mortified, discomfited, ashamed, horrified, affronted ..."
"I need to leave right now and catch an airplane from here to Egypt. Garth and I have figure out a brilliant d... deal," he looked up and stared at the limousine driver. The paid driver stood in the archway and nodded with a smile to Beck while holding both arms with small and large boxes and bags of clothes. "I'll be back in a sec, darling. Your driver is here with your shopping bags." He approached the driver and pointed down to the side wall. "Please, place the items down there, sir." The driver leaned down and gently placed the loose items into a neat pile, standing upright with a smile.
Beck whipped out a handful of cash money and handed to the driver, nodding with a smile. "Also, if I may, could you please wait inside the transport for a few more minutes? My girlfriend and I are taking an airplane trip in a few moments and we need a ride to the airport. But first, she needs to swiftly pack a small suitcase of clothes and then we'll come out to the car." The driver accepted the new wad of cash money with a nod and a smile in silence acknowledging the new payment and the new easy job coming from the young married couple. He spun around and moved ahead obeying the young male, waiting inside the limousine.
Inside the living room, Beck gently closed the front door that continued to spit broken pieces of wooden staves, back stepping from the mess on top of the floor, spinning around with a smile and moved ahead towards the back spine on Cinta.
She spun around and yelled in fury at Beck, lifting both of her hands in front of her sneer, pointing at her left ring finger. "I do not have an engagement ring. I was so embarrassed. I purchased a wedding gown today, but I didn't display my diamond engagement ring. The clerk noticed the absent ring. I am so mad at you, Beck."
He stopped and nodded to Cinta. "Cinta, I have great news. Garth and I are going to create a stream of electricity that will terminate all of the god-kind, goddess-kind and alien-kind in one swoosh of death. The death act will be held in Birmingham, Alabama. We have lots of activities to plan before the death day for our enemies."
She continued to yell and pointed at her ring-less finger. "I want a diamond ring, right now and right here."
He pointed to the door with a nod. "Cinta, I gotta leave from Los Angeles and travel to the country of Egypt first. That's the first step of our death plan. Well, you're part of the death plan now. So, we both can catch the airplane ride and travel to the country of Egypt first. You must place the ..."
She slapped both of her hands down on her legs sobbing with worry, defeat, and embarrassment. "What about my diamond engagement ring? I wanna ring right now and right here."
Beck smiled. "All right! I'll go to Egypt first. Then you can come along later, but you must be there by midnight three days from today. Today is Thursday, the fifteenth of August. You must stand in front the Great Pyramid at eleven pm on Sunday, the eighteenth of August. I left you a stack of cash money for your airplane trip and your hotel expenses and your food meals and your wardrobe shopping spree." He spun around with a smile and entered back into the kitchen space standing at the counter, pointing at the stack of bills.
"Cash money!" She gasped in shock and raced behind Beck, stopping and stood in front of the kitchen counter, staring at the tiny stack of bills. She reached out and snatched the hand-written letter on the front of the refrigerator, staring at the words. "What is this? Is this a hand-written note for me? Where is Garth? Is he here? Is he gone too? Where is he flying off to? I saw your paper map with the blue and red thumb tacks. Is that world map part of your plan?"
He nodded with a stern face. "The answer is yes to all your questions."
She read out loud the note with a stern face.



Dearest Cinta,

I must leave you here in Los Angeles and build the death trap for our enemies in the city of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama, which will take three solar days. I am leaving you a stack of cash for your part of the plan too.

Please, take an airplane flight to Giza, Egypt and rental a hotel room today or tomorrow. Fifteen minutes, before midnight, on the eighteenth of August, go and stand thirteen feet from the eastern side on the Great Pyramid of Giza and squat down, digging with both of our hands through the sand, uncovering a solid golden tinted benben stone.

Remove the stone and wipe off the sandy dirt and then toss the stone on top of the pyramid at the dong of midnight. Then swiftly drop down into the dirt and cover your head from the massive stream of live electricity...



At 01:33 pm, in front of the refrigerator, Cinta gasped in shock and looked up with a sneer at Breck, shaking the letter, "Why does the hand-written letter on the cold metal refrigerator sound like you are trying to kill me?"
He shook both of his hands and his curls wearing a worried brow. "No! No! No! I can't be in two places at once, Cinta. I must be in the location of Birmingham, Alabama here in US and I must be in the location of Giza City, Egypt for our death plan to operate. I'm an awesome god, but I can't be in two places, at once. I need you, Cinta. I need your help here. I need for you to perform my task, which is safe, there in Giza City."
She frowned. "Where is Garth? Why can't he do your task instead of me?"
He gasped in shock and did not want to reveal the truth, shaking his curls with a stern face. "Garth, he has another important job in the death plan. He also cannot be in two places at once either. He is counting on his sister to do her part and perform her tiny role within the death plan. Then we'll be rid of all of our enemies, foreverly." Beck smiled with a nod.
She exhaled with annoyance and nodded with a stern face. "Well, you asked. So, I'll do my part. I'm to travel to Egypt and use that stack of cash to pay for my airfare and my meals and my hotel. Will there be enough money for a little shopping spree there in Giza City for me?"
He smiled. "Yes, there's plenty of cash money that will take you two or three days to spend. You can spend the rest of it, after paying for your airfare, hotel room, and meals."
"I got it." She looked down and read out the rest of the letter.



After the stream of live electricity has been released, you need to immediately return back for your personal safety to your hotel room and stay put for a few seconds.

Then, you can fly from Giza City without harm using your goddess powers back to the city of Los Angeles.

Once you are back here in Los Angeles, please go and visit the Third National Bank. There is a package from me that will take care of your for the rest of your days and nights.

I appreciate your help with this grand plan and I will never forget about you, Cinta. I love you, Cinta. 


Love always and forever, Beck....



Inside the kitchen setting, Cinta looked up with confusion and stared at Beck, shaking the letter, sobbing with her worried tears. "Why does the hand-written letter on the cold metal refrigerator say that you're leaving me? Haven't I been a good girlfriend? I mean, I can become a better girlfriend."
He shook his curls with a frown. "No, Cinta! The letter is not saying that. The letter is providing instructions for your tiny task in our death plot. That's all!"
She continued to sob. "I know that I've been a little greedier than normal, but I'm tired of running and fighting and ..."
"Cinta, our days and nights of running and fighting are over, once I build and implement the death trap there in Birmingham, Alabama. Then our time will be free, plentiful and fruitful. I promise. This is going to work for all of us."
"I love you, Beck. I'm sorry for complaining about the wedding and the wedding cake and the wedding dress and the wedding ring ..."
He continued to shake his hands and his curls with a stern face, slapping his chest with a smile. "Cinta, you don't have to apology for anything. You have brought joy and happiness into my life. I love you. I wanna marry you also. When we both return back from our travels, we'll go shopping and purchase you the biggest diamond engagement ring in the world. How's does that sound?" Beck nodded with a smile.
She pointed down at the paper and winked at Beck. "I have a great idea. We can go and get my diamond engagement ring, right now and right here, before we both leave from Los Angeles and travel the world. I wanna show my ring off on the long plane ride."
He rubbed his neck muscles while arguing with her. "I really don't have time, right now and right here, darling. I'm rushed for time. When we get back ..."
She smiled. "What's the surprise inside my package at the local bank?"
He gasped in alarm and then smiled. "I purchased your own bank card."
She frowned. "I don't have a bank account with funds to use my own bank card with my own name."
He nodded. "I mean, the bank card has your name and your own bank account of funds."
She gasped. "How much money funds? I've almost depleted your personal bank account of three million dollars, since yesterday," Cinta giggled with a wicked grin.
He gasped in shock and then laughed out loud "You're both witty and charming. That's why I love you. That bank account is minor."
"What! How is three million dollars a minor bank account?"
He slapped his chest with a smile. "I'm worth three billion dollars, not three million dollars, Cinta."
She gasped in shock and then smiled bouncing up and down with happiness. "I'm rich, rich, rich. I wanna go and get my personal bank card with access to my three billion dollars, right here and right here, Beck. I love you, darling." she stopped bouncing and frowned at Beck. "If you had all of this money, why do we run from the other god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind. We can go and leave on a tropic island and enjoy our life."
He frowned. "We cannot hide on an island or anywhere else in the world from our enemies. WE have not been using our powers which has been strange and difficult. We are supernatural creatures with supernatural powers that need to be exercised, such like, your mind and your body. How many more days and night will you last without using your goddess powers?" She gasped in shock and parted her lips without an answer. He nodded. "Maybe, another day or two, I find it difficult not to wiggle a finger and perform a neat god trick too. If one of us using a tiny ping of our god or goddess powers, they will feel it and then they will find us here. Thus, all of the god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind will not stop to eat or sleep or rest, until they find use, Cinta. They blame us for the deaths of their parents, grandparents, great-grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, and supernatural friends. They wanna kill us and turn us into nothingness. This is the need for speed to implement our death plan now rather than later, girl."
She sneered. "We didn't murder their kinfolks. The natural occurring outer space Syzygy event exposed each god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind. Then your vile relatives plotted to murder each alien-kind during the celestial event. That's why all of our relatives and clan members are gone and dead, not us. We didn't do plan or plot or implode anything or anyone. Now, I had my sad say from the terrible past. Let's go and create a new happy future. I wanna go and get my own engagement diamond right with my own credit card from the bank, while you and Garth fly around the world, sweetheart," she stopped bouncing and smiled at her future husband.
He shook his curls with a sour frown. "I just told you that we'll do it later, after we both return back from our trip. You need to go and pack a very small suitcase. We need to rush to the airport and grab the first airplane from Los Angeles to Egypt. We have lots of work to do before the death day for the nasty gang of god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind are totally destroyed."
"No!" She stomped her foot and wadded up the piece of paper tossing it down the floor in fury, reaching out with her arm, accidentally brushing the stack of bills off the kitchen counter. Each bill separated and then scattered landing down individually on top of the dirty kitchen floor.
Beck looked down and frowned at the mess of money bills, returning back with a fake smile to Cinta. "I explained our death plan. I need to go and get onto an airplane today. You come out this evening or tomorrow morning before August, the eighteenth, to Giza City. I'm counting on you to fulfill your part of the death plan, darling."
She shook her body with a sour frown at Beck. "I'll promise to fulfill my tiny part, but I wanna do it wearing my engagement ring diamond, right now and right here."
"No!" He spun around with a frown and exhaled with annoyance at his future bride, moving ahead towards the open archway, exiting the kitchen while lecturing her again. "We both have a very important plan to perform first. Then we'll come ..."
She dashed ahead from the kitchen setting and reached out, grabbing his arm, spinning Beck around. Cinta reared back and plowed her folded fist into her eye socket in surprise.
Beck tumbled backwards in silence from the fierce goddess punch and then performed a somersault in the air waves, landing down on his face, busting his nostrils and his top lip.
Cinta gasped in alarm and raced ahead, sliding over the wooden floor, slamming into Beck. She reached down with a shaky hand and touched his back spine, feeling his deep breathes, exhaling with relieve. Beck was alive, not dead, only slightly injured and unconscious. She laughed out loud and slammed her hand down into his back spine, nodding with a smile. "I'm a goddess, buddy! You need to watch my left hook, if you wanna see the sunset, before the dinner meal," she giggled with delight and leaned over, gently flipping his heavy body onto his back spine with her super-human girly strength, gasping in shock down at his bloody face.
"You are alive but look terrible, darling. We're supernatural creatures. We heal faster than an eyelash blink. My mama told me that expression all the time." Cinta leaned down and sneered into his bloody face while Beck was unconscious. "Now, we both are going to the jewelry store and purchase the largest diamond engagement ring in the world with your credit card that holds three billion dollars. You can wait a day for the death plan to begin, until my brother Garth returns back from his assigned task. Then we all can catch an airplane and travel to the country of Egypt.
"Now, if you really love me and wanna marry me, then I wear my new wedding gown and my new diamond ring and we can get married tomorrow morning at the church down the street with my brother Garth, before our trip around the world. I already have the church and the flowers and the cake. I only need the groom," she laughed out loud and then growled.
"However, if you awake from your goddess slumber and do not wanna  marry me, then I'm keeping my diamond engagement ring and leaving you, Beck. I'm tired of running away and getting chased by a group of flying colorful scum balls. I don't believe that the stupid supernatural creatures will ever find me. So, you can come and get lost with me. Or I will go and get lost with my selfie. I don't know about Risa and Garth. They have been in love with each other, since the beginning of play school, so they'll make a great married team.
"So, I guess, you can hang with them, if you don't wanna come and hang with me. O well, mama! I guess I'll never get married, since you are the only supernatural guy left in the galaxy. O well! Money is a good alley along with a body of sparkling diamonds while living alone in an island paradise," she slowly stood upright from the floor with laughter and wiped his wet blood from her hands onto her new designer clothes, looking up through the broken glass window, smiling at the sight. "Yeah, this is my lucky day. My rented driver and his luxury limousine are still here in front of the ugly house and waiting for me."
She jumped over a grounded Beck with a smile and raced ahead, slamming into the wooden door while breaking off more wooden staves onto the floor and dashed outside. She waved both of her arms in the air and shouted out loud. "Wait! Don't go!" She stopped and leaned down, opening the front passenger door, leaning down into the front seat cabin with a smile. 

At 01:36 pm, the rental driver sat in the seat and played on his personal mobile telephone while running the air-conditioner during the heated day, listening to a loud rock and roll musical song.
She screamed at the driver. "Hey! Do you have a wheelchair?"
The driver viewed the movement on the side and turned with a gasp seeing his wealthy client, lowering the volume on the radio dial without speaking but listening to her words.
"Do you have a wheelchair?'
He gasped in shock and dropped his telephone on the front seat, nodding with a worried brow. "Yes, ma'am! Yes, ma'am! I have a wheelchair in the rear trunk."
She smiled. "Excellent, sir! Please retrieve the item and bring it into the house. My fiancé has fallen down on the floor and he can't get up. Do you have a first aid care, as well?"
He gasped in shock and opened the door, sliding from the seat, nodding to Cinta. "Yes, ma'am! I possess a first aid kit also," he moved ahead to the trunk and opened the metal, reaching inside, fiddling with the other emergency items.
Cinta stood upright from the cabin with a smile and spun around with a giggle, racing back into the house, through the open entrance door and stopped, standing over an unconscious Beck.

At 01:39 pm, the driver appeared and moved through the open archway, gasping at the bloody face on Beck, stopping the wheelchair a few feet from the unconscious male. He handed the first aid kit to Cinta. She opened the kit and pulled out a large roll of white tinted bandages, handing the first aid kit back to the driver with a smile. "Thank you!" He accepted the item and nodded with a stern face in silence. She squatted down and gently wrapped the single strand diagonal around his face blocking his black eye socket, covering part of his bloody nose, and part of his bloody lips. She giggled with amusement and finished the ugly job, using the entire of roll bandages around his face, wiping the excess blood back on her designer jacket. She wrapped both of her arms around Beck and winked at the driver. "Can you assist me with lifting him into the wheelchair?"
"Yes, ma'am!" He squatted down and grabbed both of the outstretched legs on Beck. They worked together lifting Beck off the dirty floor and down into the silver tinted padded wheelchair. Cinta leaned down with a smile and fiddled with the yellow tinted soft blanket covering the upper body on Beck. Beck would heal in a couple of days using his own god powers. But the driver might be stunned for a couple of days with pity for an unlucky groom Beck.
Cinta stood upright from the chair and reached down, patting the hair roots with a smile down at Beck. "Now, darling, we are taking a ride in the limo." She led and waved her bloody hair in the air, moving ahead through the open archway. "We need to leave. Can you push my fiancé through the house and assist him into the limo, sir?"
"Yes, ma'am!" The driver scooted around and stood behind the wheelchair, using his manly muscles, shoving the wheelchair over the floor, down the driveway, and into the rear seat on the limousine. Cinta had entered the transport and sat in the middle bench seat with a smile.
The driver settled Beck on the side bench seat and closed the door, quickly storing the wheelchair, rushing from the rear of the limousine. He slid down into the driver's seat and wore a worried brow. "I can take the freeway and arrive at the Los Angeles Hospital within thirty minutes, ma'am."
"No!" Cinta continued to sit and turned with a smile, staring at the bloody nose profile on Beck. "Please drive to the Cartier jewelry store on Rodeo Drive!"
"What!" The driver spun around in the seat and stared with confusion at Cinta.
She returned back and smiled at driver. "I lost my engagement ring. I wanna get another one, before we travel to the hospital."
"What!" He was stunned.
She nodded with a smile and flipped her hand. "I promise. My fiancé is fine. He falls down all the time and messes his face. Once I have purchased my new engagement ring, that I had lost, then we will go to the hospital. Go on! The sooner I get my ring; the soonest he gets medical attention," Cinta laughed out loud. A god or a goddess did not need a human medical physician to heal their wounds or broken bones.
"Yes, ma'am!" He returned back to the windshield and rapidly sped down an empty roadway towards the next city street while driving fast to the designer store, so he could drive the injured male to the hospital without the pretty but mean female.

Back at the Alien Headquarters, within the US State of Wyoming with Mountain Time Zone of 02:41 pm, the unconscious body of Garth rested inside one of the glass chambers asleep.
He opened both of his two eyelids and stared at the white mist that invaded his two eyeballs and surrounded his body. He slowly reached out and touched the upper space, finding a glass ceiling. His other hand reached sideways and touched a glass wall. He wiggled his naked foot and touched a rear glass wall. "Well, I'm trapped in here. I guess I'm inside the Alien Headquarters. They must've figured out my secret identity. Beck had warned me not to go there until his plan was in place. But I didn't listen, like usual. Well, I guess I get to rest here, until the end of the god-kind and alien-kind civil war, like an alien fool. I really wanted to see and hug my girl Risa before, during and after the civil war. I almost had Risa and then got hit by something bigger than me. I wondered, if Risa is located here also. I hope so. I hoped they had not figured out her secret identity too, because I'll just escape and then kill them all and then be done with it, finally. We won't need Beck's clever mouse trap, because no other god-kind or alien-kind will be alive to visit with Beck," he laughed out loud with his evil thoughts.
His two alien eardrums could hear faint voices outside his glass box. He turned his face to the side glass wall barely seeing a set of upright running figures that were humans or aliens or monsters or animals. He softly chuckled at his delicate predicament while trapped inside a glass box. He coughed out and then inhaled a gulf of breath. Some of the mist vanished from the box environment and went inside his mouth.
He smiled, "Ah! The white mist is me. The white mist represents my air molecules. Well, I am trapped inside an enclosed glass box. Why didn't I die from carbon monoxide poisoning? O! I am an alien and don't die from nothing but a stronger god beam, if a stronger god exists." Garth slowly inhaled the mist and sucked up the molecules into his two nose holes and his open mouth, clearing the box glass. He swallowed the mist down his esophagus and burped out loud, turning to see an empty glass coated hallway and a side window of glass also. He reached out and gently pushed on the side glass window with more of his manly strength. The glass wall dropped down without sound and did not break. Garth tumbled down with a yelp and landed on his chest without busting his nostrils, laughing out loud with the clever glass coffin structure and wondered about the purpose. He slowly stood upright from the glass floor and felt cold chills over his body, looking down with laughter, seeing his naked self. "O! I, now, understand the purpose of the glass coffin to hide the naked body."
He continued to stand beside the glass box and turned to see the structure in more details. There wasn't much to see or describe. The glass box was actually a long and narrow rectangular shape that perfectly held a horizontal dead body or a live body in rest. His particular glass coffin was embedded into a vertical column of additional glass coffin in same length, width, and texture of smooth clear glass. Each glass box was staggered, not stacked. 
He smiled at the lovely and functional creation. "O! I see clearly. This is an extremely tall and wide sleeping pod with individual pods for an individual to sleep or rest or play with one's self within the white mist," he chuckled. "Too bad, Beck can't be here. He would love to see this glass coffin thing. So, each glass coffin is not directly on top of the other one but slightly beside or slightly diagonal. This is a god-kind creation. These devils are really clever." His head tilted backwards and as his alien eyeballs continued to view the tall staggered column of individual sleeping pods.
The hallway was empty, except for one glass wall of staggered columns of individual sleeping pods that actually touched the glass ceiling at thirty feet in height. The next floor level appeared to duplicate the hallway decoration with a column of staggered individual sleeping pods. His two alien eyeballs had incredible powers and viewed the upper floor levels that measured the half-a-mile in height. He whispered for his eardrums only. "Wow! Some god or alien graduated college with an engineering degree. I can see the top floor level with my two eyeballs. A mile is measured at 5,280 feet in distance. I'm looking straight up in height, which is the same. A half-a-mile is half that amount and equals 2,640 feet of occupied air space from my naked toes. So, the 2,640 feet in floor levels above my hair roots is divided by the height of each hallway space of thirty feet in height also. So, I can divide apples to apples and come out with 88 floors above my hair roots. Now, my hallway floor contains ten individual sleeping pods which are staggered and not stacked due to the material of heavy and delicate glass materials. If the 88 floors only contain ten individual sleeping pods, then I multiple 88 floors times ten pods and get 880 individuals that live here and are either god-kind, goddess-kind or alien-kind. This is some great spying intelligence information for Beck, if I could communicate with Beck. He needs to build his mouse trap to capture 880 souls excluding one Seventh Son and his alien girlfriend. I can't believe the god-kind and goddess-kind designed this place. Wait! The Egyptians gods and goddess built the three greatest pyramids in the world, where the race of slow-thinking and stupid humans can't figure out the advanced alien mathematics. So, the god-kind and the goddess-kind are really talented with math and inventions." He continued to scan the empty hallway of glass and viewed the bright sunlight pondering his dilemma, whispering for his eardrums only. "I can't figure out my location. However, it is a bright sunny day. So, it is the next day from yesterday. Yesterday, I had created chaos in St. Louis, Missouri, in order to rescue Risa. I found her and saw Risa but couldn't rescue her. Then she dropped down from the sky and landed on her back spine. I bet she is sore this morning. Some other god grabbed her, before me and flew into the mirror cloud portal. I followed the son of a gun and went into the same mirror cloud portal. Then I didn't remember anything. But, now, this morning, I was locked in a box with my sour breath. Well, that gives meaning to the expression: knock you out with my bad breathe, yeah!" He softly chuckled and pressed both his hands over his body, looking for injuries or implants or another foreign object. "Well, I am healthy and clean. I don't really know what happened to me. But, I suspect that big, ugly Alien King placed a spell on the mirror cloud portal. When a person enters, the person is placed inside an enclosed glass coffin for the rest of the evening, until sunrise the next day. I guess that Alien King is really the king of something. I wished Beck was here with me. Beck might personally know this ugly male," he exhaled with worry and stretched his body in the air, moving across the floor, stopping in front of the side wall of solid glass. He leaned into the cool material and gasped in shock at the view. "Wow! Where am I located at? What is this place? I see tons of whirling clouds. So, I must be located high in the sky with the clouds, not down on the ground with the grass. I can't even see the earth ground or hear the earth animals. Am I standing on Planet Earth?" He gasped in shock and then laughed out loud, nodding with a smile. "Yeah, I'm located here on Earth. The god-kind and alien-kind wanna take over and rule Planet Earth for the rest of eternity, like usual. The rest of the colorful planets within the Milky Way Galaxy are occupied with a set of nice residents, but not here. So, I must be housed thousands of feet in the air inside a house. Hmm! I'm standing in a house made of glass. I do remember that a wise entity told never to build your foundation on sand but stone,: he softly chuckled. "Well, I've had my fun. Now, I need to find Risa and get outta of this house of fragile glass, before some drops a rock stone through the floor and then it lands on top of me." he continued to stand in place and spun around with a smile, nodding to the row of three young goddesses.
The row of cute young females slowly padded over the glass floor with a set of giggles and waved at Garth. He was nice and friendly waving back without embarrassment and scooted along with the girls. "Hey, ya'll! I'm Garth. Do I know you? Do you know me?" He wanted to test the intelligence of each young goddess about his identity and Risa's location.
The first girl turned and smiled at Garth. "Hello, Garth! I do not know you and you do not know me."
The row of girls continued down the empty hallway while softly chatting and then giggling with silliness. Garth moved ahead and pulled up beside the last girl, scanning the hallway. "I was curious here. Why do you not know the secret location of our alien home? I would be really interested in the earth location, in case, I got lost or left behind again.”
The first girl in the row smiled. "I don't know."
The second girl giggled. "I don't care."
The last girl beside Garth. "I do know. We are located inside a glass house."
"All right!" He continued to pad with the row of girls and faked a smile. "What is the time or day or hour that we leave our glass house and fight with the outlaws?"
The first girl smiled. "I don't know."
"I don't care." The second laughed.
The last girl beside Garth smiled. "I do know. The Alien King will sum up with his invisible words inside our minds. The each floor will display a mirror portal for transport. You leap through the portal and appear inside a new place and then fight with the four outlaws."
He nodded. "Why are we chasing after the four outlaws? What is the purpose? What is the reason? I have been doing that for some long that I have forgotten," he softly chuckled.
She growled. "The four outlaws murdered our families and friends. Once we find them, then we kill them. Then we take over the world and finally rule the smelly, pesky human race. The humans will become our slaves."
"All right!" He continued to move with the row of three girls. "This corridor is long and narrow. I would guess it measures one-fourth of a mile. Did you know that the word, mile, had been coined by the Romans? A Roman mile was one thousand paces. A pace was equal in length to five human feet that was lined up from toe to heel," he chuckled.
The first girl frowned. "I don't know."
The second smiled. "I don't care."
The last girl smiled. "I do know that now."
"All right!" He frowned. "I was wondering about my body."
The first girl smiled. "I like it."
The second girl laughed. "I love it."
"I love and like it." The last girl beside Garth danced in a circle.
He smiled. "Well, I like and love it, too. But, I feel a little breezy on certain parts of my body." The row of girls giggled. He frowned. "Is there a hidden closet of hidden clothes that I can wear?"
The row of girls stopped and turned to see Garth. The first girl frowned. "Aren't you a god?"
The second girl smiled. "A god has the power."
The third girl pointed at the side wall. "Over there on the wall is a hidden cabinet with all of clothes that you need or want or desire."
Garth moved to the side wall with puzzlement and viewed a tiny glass door that had been built into the wall, opening the door, retrieving a colorful magazine. he looked down with puzzlement and frowned at the cover of the fashion magazine, returning back to the row of three girls. "This is a fashion magazine, not a pair of trousers."
The first girl frowned at Garth. "He ain't a god."
The second girl sneered. "He's an alien."
The last girl moved ahead with a sour frown and stopped in front of Garth, snatching the magazine from his hand, flipping through the pages. She stopped on a certain colorful page and jerked out the sheet, dropping the magazine down to the floor and slapped the colorful page. A pair of walking shorts in light blue hue appeared in the air and then dropped down on top of the floor. She sneered at Garth, "You're not welcome, alien!" She spun around with a sour frown and joined her two friends, slowly moving back down the hallway while whispering about Garth.
He quickly dressed in his new clothing and sneered at the back spine on the three goddesses, whispering for his eardrums only. "Beck and I were correct about their evil intent, ruling the world, torturing the earthlings. Now, I need to find the weak spot here inside this house of glass and bring it down on top of them," he leaped from the glass floor and touched the glass ceiling with his hand that acted like a sensor, searching for a weak spot on the ceiling. He dropped down and then bounced into each side wall, scooting down the empty hallway while seeking a weak spot in the glass. Garth planned to visit each floor level and touch each glass panel while seeking a weak spot in the glass house and also search for Risa. Once he found the weak spot or Risa first, he would remove his girl Risa from the dangerous house glass and then destroy the house with the other god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind inside.
He continued to bounce up and down and then sideways into the glass materials while laughing out loud with his upcoming victory and came to the end of the hallway. Garth quickly ricocheted off the ceiling with loud laughter and then halted down on the floor, standing in front of a solid glass wall with puzzlement, viewing the glass inside the hallway and the whirling white tinted mist outside the glass wall. "What is this? Where is the arch of steps? Where's the freaking elevator? Is this another trap, on me, too me, for me? I'm trapped here. No! The three goddesses moved down the same hallway and ended up here also. They didn't double back and then double-cross me. I have a funny feeling the three goddesses do not like aliens," he laughed out loud and studied the rear wall of glass, looking up at the upper floor level. He could see people moving around the floor. "I see lots of people above my hair roots. How do I move upstairs with a set of stairs to move on?" He looked down and viewed more people on the lower floor level, frowning with confusion. "How in the universe do I get downstairs, if there ain't no steps to take downstairs?" He returned back and smiled at the rear glass wall. "O! The rear wall is an exit door. Outside on the exterior glass wall, there must be located a climbing ladder that allows people to move up and down the exterior wall and enter into any floor level," he clapped with laughter. "Good! I found the exit point, the weak spot on each floor level within the house of glass. But, I don't really see an exterior ladder on the exterior glass wall for climbing upwards or downwards," he frowned. "O well! I love adventure. I hope I find Risa soon. Then I can totally destroy this glass house and terminate all of the nasty gods and aliens inside without getting my hands bloody." He leaned forward with a smile and pushed on the rear wall with all of his alien powers. The wall did not move or shuffle from his strength. He grunted with annoyance. "Move wall! I wanna go up!" His body with the false facade of a short male with black tinted hair rapidly shifted upwards and moved through the glass ceiling in his hallway, standing upright on the upper glass floor. Garth stared out into the whirling clouds of mist and gasped out loud in panic. He calmed his heart organ down into a steady rhythm while exhaling in deep breath, staring at the pretty clouds. He whispered for his eardrums only, "Whoa! That was a scary ride! I didn't expect that maneuver," he spun around with a smile and gasped n shock. "Wow! This is a scary scene. I didn't expect this maneuver. This floor level seems to be heavily occupied with sweaty bodies. I don't think Risa is here. I hope that Risa is not here," he leaned back into the rear wall with a smile and then screamed out loud in panic. His body moved through the glass ceiling and stood on top of the upper glass floor, staring into another busy hallway. He leaned forward with a smile without traveling upwards to the next floor level. "All right! I got it. The rear wall is not an exit point. It is a traveling wall for a supernatural creature that moves up or down depending on their active mental thoughts." He leaned back into the rear wall with hope and quickly traveled the upper floors while searching for his girl Risa.

At 02:50 pm, on the 13th floor level, inside the same house glass, at the Alien Headquarters, the body of an unconscious Risa rested inside a new sleeping pod. She wiggled her body side to side slamming on each glass wall and then opened both of her eyelashes, staring at the white mist while moaning with annoyance. She reached over with a sour frown and slapped the side wall, dropping out from the glass coffin, landing down on the floor with a soft thump and then groaned in body pain. She did not move but continued to drool on the cool glass floor, examining her body, feeling a set of healing bumps and bruises. She mumbled. "I don't like my life. Why I am still here? What did I do to deserve this? Am I a naughty girl? Isn't there more to life than sleeping it away?" She slowly stood upright from the glass while loudly moaning with a set of sore muscles.
Again, Risa did not remember the past activities, where she had acquired her set of sore muscles.
She stood upright in front of the solid glass wall and wore the same short, very-wrinkled but non-smelly mini-dress in pale yellow from two days ago and displayed a pair of bare feet. The smooth glass floor was cool on her toe bones. She frowned down into the swirling cloudy mist in white hue with total confusion. She had spent hours yesterday walking each floor level seeing the same format.
A hallway enclosed in solid glass with a column of sleeping pods on one side wall, the twirling mist in white in the opposite side wall. The forward and rear wall displayed a solid glass wall, without a set of glass steps or a working human elevator, where each person had to use their personal supernatural power and flew upwards or downwards on the smooth wall, landing on the next floor level.
She was acutely aware of her current location inside a glass tower that stood on top of twenty thick, tall glass columns, which were sixty-six feet apart and then planted down into the earth soil for balance. Her alien eyeballs could look down and see through the lower level of glass and as her active mind counted out the short distance and the number of floors, twelve.
Risa gasped in hope in finding an exit point and raced ahead, stopping with loud moans. Her body was really sore with an assortment of tiny healing cuts and yellow tinted bruises. "What is wrong with me? Did I fall through the glass floor and landed down here? No! I clearly remembered traveling down here through the rear glass elevator wall on my bare feet and walking around yesterday morning. Well, someone must have been doing something naughty down here, like on the other floors, and then spotted me, beating my girly body into bruises. I need to be more alert and cautious." She slowly moved ahead with a stern face. "I'm getting closer. The exit point must be down on the last floor. I just need to limp down to the last floor," she looked down with a smile and viewed a few people down on the 12th floor. She softly chuckled. "Yes, I see people down there. They're escaping from the ugly Alien King too. Yes, I'm escaping with them," Risa quickly limped again with her achy body and gritted her teeth with determination. She was leaving the glass of house.

Back in the city of Los Angeles, during the Pacific Time Zone of 01:55 pm, after the silver tinted rental limousine pulled away with a happy Cinta and an unconscious Beck inside the rear compartment and then disappeared down the street from view of the abandoned house. A cluster of numerous local green and white tinted police car appeared, slammed on the brakes, sliding over the smooth pavement and then surrounded the abandoned house. Each car door opened and revealed a police officer, sliding down, crouching on the pavement with a hand gun pointing at the entrance wall including the closed door and each broken glass windows at the abandoned house.
A squat of police officers rushed ahead and then plowed into the rotten wooden door, breaking the door down onto the floor, dashing into the living room setting and halted a few feet into the room. Each police officer scanned the empty room and pointed the cold barrel of the hand gun at each damaged furniture piece.
The head police officer dropped his gun down to his rib cage and frowned into the shoulder speaker, shouting out loud to the other officers. "This place is clear. There are not any robbers here. Go and check out the rest of the rooms for any wild animals or stray pets within the area." The other police officers moved ahead with a silence nod scouting each room inside the house.
A short and overweight pale-tinted male appeared inside the archway and smiled at the back spine on the head police officer. "Is there any troublemakers inside, officer?"
The officer spun around and nodded to the male."No, Father! The place is empty. We had received a concerned telephone call that some people were living here without permission. However, I don't see any persons inside. The house is safe. Is your crew here?"
"Yes, we're ready to move inside. Thanks for your assistance in this matter, officer! You are doing a fine job for the city of Los Angeles," the Catholic priest scooted inside and moved around the room, examining each damaged item.
The other police officers returned and reported the house was dirty but empty leaving the structure, returning back to the police car. They signaled the other police officers to leave the property.
The head police officer nodded to the Catholic priest with a smile. "Well, Father, the place official belongs to you now. Welcome to the neighborhood! If you have any trouble, please call us at once," he moved ahead and left the property returning back to his police car, leaving the property.
Inside the living room, setting, the priest continued to examine each damaged item and shouted out loud, "I will."
From the open doorway, a crew of children, young and mature adults entered the residence and halted a few feet from the archway. "Where do we start, Father?"
The priest continued to move around the living room and pointed at different items. "First, we need to separate each damaged item from a repaired item. Then we move all the good furniture outside and start painting the walls."
"Yes, sir!" The head of the crew spun around with a smile and pointed to each wall. "I want a crew people to start evaluating each piece of furniture. Then I want a crew of movers to move out each piece of damaged furniture out into the driveway. I will get another crew to haul the damaged furniture to the local trash heap. Now, go and find your crew  and get started!"
A little girl with a bright smile, a ponytail of black hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of dark eyeballs dashed ahead and raced around the billiards table in the middle of the living room for fun chasing after the smaller boy, who giggled with silliness and appeared to be her brother. They chased each other around the table several times for fun. Her brother dropped down and slid underneath the table hiding from his sister, gasping at the note on the floor. He snatched the note and read some of the words as he was only in the second grade at the church school. He scooted out from the table and stood upright with a smile holding the hand-written note, skipping ahead to the priest. "Father, I have found something."
The priest continued to touch and evaluate each piece of furniture for removal or repair, without viewing the boy, "What have you found, child?"
The child pointed down at the note. "I found a love from two guys. One guy loves another guy."
The priest gasped in horror and spun around, snatching the paper note from the small boy, wadding the evidence into a ball. "Thank you for finding this letter! Now, you ran ahead and play with the other children outside in the front yard until I finish here inside the house. Then we will prepare food for the lunch meal. How does that sound?" The child nodded with a smile with loud cheers and then spun around racing outside into the bright sunshine, colliding with the other children while laughing with glee.
The priest tossed the wad of trash down on the floor and then spun around resuming the evaluation with a stern face in silence.
Inside the kitchen space, a short female worker with red hair, and pale skin and a tall female with dark hair, and dark skin entered the room and then stopped a few feet from the door-less archway.
The short female gasped in shock and pointed down at the floor. "What is that stuff on top of the white tinted tile floor? Have you ever seen green tinted mole that big before?"
The taller female moved ahead and squatted down, reaching out, touching the green item and gasped in shock. She snatched the first green item and then the second green item without telling her secret, duck-waddling across the floor, picking each green tinted item and stuffed the item down into her work clothes with a smile.
The short female gasped in alert and recognized the green item, dashing ahead, squatting on the dirty floor and grabbed up each five hundred dollar bill off the floor. She smiled with giggles and stuffed each item down into her work clothes. After collecting all the money off the floor, the two females slowly stood upright and looked at each other, slamming an index finger over their smirk, nodding in silence with their secret find. They spun around and started to clean the dirty counters with a set of giggles.
The short female scooted sideways and continued to clean the counter, stepping on top of the wad of paper, looking down at the trash. She leaned down and snatched up the paper, unfolding the wad with curiosity, quickly reading the personal hand-written note. She frowned with sadness. "Ah! I knew why this grand house is abandoned. The owner had died and left all of his money to his girlfriend, who skipped away from the USA leaving his house. So, sad!" She crumpled the paper and tossed it back down on the floor, continuing to clean the dirty kitchen for the new residents of homeless children and adults while softly humming a familiar song with happiness.

At 02:12 pm, Cinta's silver tinted rental limousine stopped on Rodeo Street and parked in front of the Cartier designer brand jewelry shop. The driver slid out from the front seat and opened the side door, slowly assisting an unconscious Beck from the rear seat and down into the wheelchair, fiddling with the blanket.
Cinta swiftly opened and then slid out from the opposite side door on the limousine, moving ahead with a sour frown, entering the store with a bright smile. She slammed into the first display glass case and looked down, pointing down at the first glittering item of diamonds. "I wanna wear that diamond bracelet here inside the display case, please." The Cartier sales clerk was fast and appeared in front of Cinta, looking down at selected piece of jewelry with a smile, quickly pulling the item from the display case and placed on top of the glass.
Earlier, Cinta had decided to purchase a diamond bracelet, necklace, pair of earring studs, a tiny hair tiara and engagement ring to complement her wedding gown on her upcoming wedding day celebrating her upcoming marriage to Beck. Now, she had learned that Beck was a billionaire. She planned to buy the entire store today.
Inside the jewelry store, in front of the first display case, Cinta slipped on the cool silver tinted bracelet that glittering with diamonds, smiling down at the item.
The sales clerk smiled at Cinta. "Do you like the bracelet, miss?"
From the archway, the driver entered into the shop and rolled the wheelchair inside, shuffling an unconscious Beck onto the side wall with a row of soft sitting chairs. He sat down with worry in silence and waited the greedy, young bride selecting numerous diamond items.

Inside the Alien Headquarters, during Mountain Time Zone of 02:14 pm, on the second glass-coated floor level, Garth halted on top of the glass floor and smelled each fruit fragrance coming from each alien-kind bodies and each flower odor from ever god-kind, gasping in shock, sniffing up vanilla and lavender fragrance. Then he studied a pink and purple tinted body aura that shot from the familiar individual, soaring up through each one of the glass floors and then into the clouds, in which each aura did. He continued to wear his false facade for protection. The clan of nasty supernatural creatures didn't know his name, but they did know his face.
He raced ahead with laughter and collided into the numerous upright bodies in the middle of the glass floor that didn't belong in the middle of the glass floor, dashing through the chatting couple or around the individual, slamming into Risa.
Risa gasped in shock and mumbled her scream in pain while still staring through the glass window like the other people.
Garth cuddled her into his rib cage and smiled at her sour frown. "O! I found you."
She smiled at the glass wall. "O! I found it."
He leaned over and smelled her personal odor of sweet vanilla and soft lavender, missing his girl, smiling at her nose profile. He whispered into her cheekbone. "I'm so sorry, Risa. I didn't see you standing here along the glass window. But, now, I'm standing here with you along the glass wall. Are you alright? Are you harmed? Has anyone harmed or threatened you? I wanna know."
She continued to smile and stared through the glass window. "Uh! I found it! I found it. I found it."
He smiled and continued to cuddle his girl. "Yeah, I found you. I found you. I found you." The crowd inside the hallway continued to shift and shuffle side to side as a pointy elbow or a strange hand slammed the back spine on Garth. He continued to cuddle Risa for protection and looked back over his collar bone, gasping at each face. The crowd of god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind stared above and around a tall Garth, viewing the glass window. He frowned with confusion and spun around, looking through the same glass window. The scenery had changed dramatically from the 44th floor all the way down to the second floor inside the house of glass.
A panorama view in the far distance displayed one continuous mountain range with numerous tall mountains covered in tinted snow. In front of the continuous range of mountains, a carpet of thick forestland consisting of tall trees with tons of green tinted tree leaves that blocked the sunrays of heat and light. The thick forestland sloped down into a flat valley of tan colored sandy earth held scattered groves of tall light tinted tree leaves and brown tinted tree bark and low-lying green tinted plant and fruit bushes without pods of colorful wildflowers leading down towards yellow tinted sandy earth and towards a circular pond of deep blue water. But, the flat pond water ripped with force and discharged waves of white tinted steam in the air waves.
Garth gasped in shock and mumbled for his eardrums only. "I found it." The crowd continued to stand in front of the glass wall or stand behind each person while softly mumbling the same words. The body of blue tinted water measured 370 feet in diameter and was extremely heated producing tiny plumes of white steam in the air. Surrounding the circular body of blue tinted, a band of green rumbled on top of the water, then a band of red, then a band of yellow, and finally a wide band of bright orange hue. From the wide band of orange, numerous tiny streams rippled from the pond and formed individual rivers that soaked down through the yellow tinted sand.
Garth smiled down at the new landscape, without commenting to Risa or another creature, nodding with acknowledgement. His alien mind immediately recognized the familiar landscape here on Planet Earth. The Alien Headquarter in the format of a glass tower had been built on top of glass columns in front of the largest, steamy hot spring of boiling water within the United States of America, which was called Grand Prismatic Spring. The gigantic hot spring lived in the Midway Geyser Basin in Yellowstone National Park within Teton County of US State Wyoming. The hot springs heats to 160 degrees Fahrenheit from the bottom depth of 160 feet to the top boiling water and discharges 560 gallons of water per minute.
Inside the second floor level of the Alien Headquarters, the crowd continued to stand and stared down at the beautiful sight in silence. Then a tiny figure dropped down from the first floor and screamed in terror, falling through the air waves.
On the wall, one of the god-kind slammed his finger pad into the glass with a smile. "Look out! Look down below. There's another couple trying to escape, if they can," he chuckled with some of the other creatures that watched the event.
"What!" Garth gasped in alarm and leaned his nose bridge down into the cool glass, focusing his two alien eyeballs on the tiny figure. The tiny figure was a huddled boy and girl, not a single object. The couple rode down at a vertical angle of 120 degrees and displayed a pair of skating shoes on each foot. Inside the second floor level, the crowd cheered for the daring young couple. Garth gasped in alarm and continued to stare at the dangerous ride without commenting or cheering but observing in silence and awe.
At the bottom of the 120 degree geometric angle and glass-coated vertical slide, the young couple hit down on top of the wide orange tinted band swiftly traveling the curvy pathway, going around the wide band with great speed as the nosily crowd cheered for the young couple inside the second floor. Then the young couple hit the yellow tinted band that encircled the blue pond of heated water, circling the curvy pathway again. The crowd cheered for the young couple. The young couple completed the curvy pathway on the long yellow tinted band and then hit the green tinted band and then disappeared from sight. The crowd moaned in unison and slowly dispersed around the second floor level.
Risa continued to stand and cuddled with Garth staring down into the boiling lake while searching for the young couple also in silence and hope.
"What! What happened?" Garth gasped in alarm and confusion and as his alien eyeballs continued to search for the young couple without success. The couple had disappeared from view He gasped in worry. The young daring couple had fallen off the yellow band of water and then dropped down into the 160 degrees Fahrenheit of boiling pond water and then boiled into death. Even a Seventh Son could not survive a deep pond of boiling water for only a few seconds without death.
One god-kind with shoulder length black hair and olive skin shouted out loud and struggled through the crowded floor, reaching the rear wall, "That's the show for today, folks! Tomorrow should be another dangerous ride for someone else, but me!" He disappeared from the second floor with laughter and shuffled upwards back to his home floor.
One alien-kind with cropped blonde hair and pale skin appeared and stood inside the forward wall, waving both of her arms in the air, shouting out loud. "If you wanna grab a seat for the next event on the first floor without drooling over the glass, then you need to move your butthole, right now. Lots of seats are empty and there for the taking. First come, first fight! You can use the rear or forward wall traveling down to the first floor. Beware! Travel down and get outta of the way! A new group of travelers will smash your face and start a fight! Come now or never!" She continued to stand in place and leaned against the wall, traveling down to the first floor, disappearing from the second level with loud laughter.
Garth spun around with a gasp and stared at the forward wall that quickly gathered with a line of people, who rapidly disappeared down to the first level. "I wanna see the first floor. What's down there? What's she talking about seats? Are there sitting chairs down on the first floor? Do you know, Risa? Have you been down to the first floor."
Risa smiled and shoved with Garth, "I wanna go to the first floor also. No! I only got this far and ran into the crowds of individual while shockingly seeing the new ground sight and then hot springs pond, pondering this place."
"Me, too!" He cuddled Risa with a smile and shoved both of them through the crowd  stopping in a semi-crooked line of god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind. Another group of creatures occupied the forward wall and then disappeared down to the first floor, laughing out loud, waving at the losers. The wall cleared with the row of people. Garth shoved them ahead and stopped, standing on the wall, facing the glass with Risa.
She gasped in alarm and stared at the new landscape of mountain ranges, blue sky, white clouds, and groves of tall trees. "We're facing the wrong way."
"Either wall works facing the wall or the crowd." He laughed.
They swiftly shuffled down and landed on top of the glass floor, spinning around, rushing into the crowd. The first floor level was a duplication like the rest of the glass hallway, except a pod of sleeping glass coffins were missing. One side, the rear, and the forward walls comprised solid glass material that displayed the Yellowstone Park forestland, where rows of creatures continued to invade the long space of the first floor, scattering around the floor, dashing to the side wall. On the opposite side of solid glass, on the bottom of the floor, in the center of the wall, a small round-shaped hole measured two feet in diameter and led onto a tiny platform of two feet in length and width. A huddle of creatures stood around the hole and watched with excitement. The next person in line dropped down on their hands and knees, slowly crawling through the open hole into the outdoors, cautiously standing upright on top of the small platform while gasping in fear. The tiny platform was only attached to the side wall of glass without a hand railing or an enclosed rail as the wind and elements bombarded the tiny platform. Ten feet from the attached tiny platform, even with the edge of the first level floor, a glass stadium protruded from the floor and stood in the air which was a feat of wonderful engineering and alien-kind magic coming from the Alien King only.
The stadium structure was split in half, where a person was required to stand upright and then leap off the tiny platform, soar ten feet in the air, and then land down on top of the rooftop structure, a glass rooftop of ten inches, without a hand rail or a glass or wooden railing for your hand or your body. The stadium displayed a set of semi-curved individual rows with an individual glass seat that dropped down eight hundred feet from the first floor edge into the air waves. 
Some of the creatures had parked inside their individual chair and did not leave the stadium.
Hundreds of creatures were sliding through the opening, standing upright on top of the tiny platform, flying across the wind, and then landed down on top of the stadium. Each creature slowly moved down the glass rooftop and leaped up in the air landing down on the next level of solid glass.
On each row, a narrow glass rooftop covered the row of seats from the blazing sunlight and falling bird droppings. If the seat was empty, then the creature could travel downwards, sitting in empty seat. If the seat was occupied, then the creature continued to slowly wobble on top of the narrow rooftop, looking for an empty seat.
In front of the glass wall, on the bottom of the floor, Risa was the next person from the huddle of cheering and laughing persons. She dropped down on her hands and knees, staring into the open hole with worry, shouting out loud with nervousness, "O goodness! I don't know if I can do this."
"Of course, you can, Risa! I'll help!" Garth dropped down behind her feet and reached out, firmly shoving her butthole through the opening with laugher. Risa slid through the opening and appeared outside screaming in terror, tumbling over the platform floor. She dropped down over forward edge and reached out, grabbing each side on the platform with each cupped hand, dangling her feet while yelling in fear.
Garth wanted to examine the stadium glass seats, the natural hot springs pond, and the Alien Headquarters location. He quickly crawled through the opening with a smile and slowly stood upright on top of the platform while feeling the powerful wind currents his sweaty face, hearing the loud squawks of the hunting fowl and lovely musical songs from the birds.
The glass tower stood 1,000 feet on top of numerous glass columns a few thousand feet from the boiling lake of heated water in the solid yellow tinted sand. Directly below the tiny platform that dangled in the air waves, the vertical slide began without a ladder or a set of stairs. So, if a brave, darling person wanted to skate around each one of the dangerous heated bands of water on the hot springs lake, then the brave, darling person traveled down through the glass platform, hitting the sloped glass slide, zooming down into their death.
Garth had been set on finding a weak spot within the glass tower and then rescuing Risa, killing the nasty individuals inside. 
Now, he did.
On the first floor level, the structure was heavier with the free-standing, air-borne stadium seats rather than the rest of the floor levels. Plus the extended vertical glass slide down into the ground could be slightly tilted into the opposite direction and then collided into the delicate glass wall that would break the rest of the floor levels with the aid from a powerful Seventh Son.
However, Garth was not rushed for time. He had abandoned his friend Beck and his duty of crowning a golden benben stone hat on top of his assigned set of world-wide, man-made pyramid structures. So, Beck had to accomplish that task alone, which would take three days. So, Garth had some time to play around the Alien Headquarters and witnessed this new event.
Below the platform base, Risa continued to scream and dangled over the edge while screaming in terror. Garth squatted down with a smile and grabbed her neckline, using his Seventh Son powers, lifting her into the air and winked at her. He slowly dropped Risa in front of his body and cuddled her into his chest, twirling them around, leaping off the platform and landed down top of the rooftop with the first row of seats.
Risa pulled back and sneered at Garth, spinning around, moving away from the unknown male. She wobbled side to side in the air waves, feeling the steams of heated air on her body. Her two eardrums heard the howling winds, the squawking hunters, the lovely songbirds, and the growling wildlife. Her two nose holes smelled the natural chemical coming from the boiling lake, the smelly god-kind and goddess kind persons and the fresh blood from a fresh kill coming from one of the numerous wild animals that lived inside Yellowstone Park.
She had never visited Yellowstone Park but she did know of the location. Her alien senses had not revealed the earth location. The glass tower must contain a spell that prevented the wild animals from attacking the structure and the supernatural creatures from exiting the structure.
Now, Risa was freed from the enclosed walls inside the glass tower and could leap off the stadium rooftop, gliding down to the ground. However, the flat soil ground measured 100 degrees Fahrenheit in heat. If she had tried to escaped, then the Alien King might come after her and drown her inside the boiling lake of death.
She decided to stay put and continue to observe and learn the proper method of escaping. And Risa wanted to beat up the unknown alien-kind male that had mistreated her person, which was the first order of business, before the lunch meal.
On top of the glass rooftop, the first row of seats were occupied. She reached the end of the structure and leaped off, landing down the second row of seats. Her alien senses dedicated that the second, third, and fourth rows of seats were filled. She leaped down and sailed against the powerful wind currents, landing down on the eighth row, slowly wobbling side to side in the powerful winds. She understood the issue.
The heat stream from the boiling lake and the wind currents were stronger on the lower tier of the seats. However, the eighth row of seats were filled also. Risa stood a few inches from the edge of the rooftop and exhaled with frustration.
Garth quickly followed Risa and reached the end of the eighth row of occupants, leaping down, grabbing Risa again and sailed down to the ninth row. They stood and cuddled on top of the rooftop, feeling the strong winds current, smelling the numerous wild animals, feeling the hot streams of heat from the hot springs. He leaned over and smelled her hair with a smile. "I feel two empty seats down below my naked feet. Do you wanna sit with me?"
"No!" She frowned and stared at the end of the row while sensing only two seats also. "I do not desire to sit with you, but I see that I have no choice, but to sit beside you.
"Great! Do you wanna sit at end of the row or the next to the end of the row?" He chuckled.
She dropped down through the glass rooftop with her alien powers and disappeared from two his cupped hands. He gasped in shock and then laughed out loud, "That's my Risa!" He dropped down through the glass and landed down in the padded seat, viewing the boiling pond of fresh water, feeling the numerous heated plumes, smelling the wild animals, hearing the wild life, seeing the pale blue sky and the clouds.
Garth continued to display his false facade in front of Risa and the rest of the creatures while protecting his alien life. He leaned over with a smile into her cheekbone. "This is a nice and cozy spot, Risa."
Risa continued to scan the outdoor air waves. "How do you know my name? No one know my name. I do not know you, sir. Who are you? What do you want? You almost killed me."
"I heard someone say your name."
She sneered. "You have been following me and spying on me."
He smiled. "No! You're a pretty girl. I like pretty girls."
She puffed. "Can't you leave the chair and come back here another day, sir?"
He wiggled in the seat and laughed. "I like it here. I like you, Risa. I wanna be here with you, girl. Do you like me?"
Risa exhaled with annoyance and continued to examine the pretty forestland. "No! I do not like you. I do not wanna sit beside you. I do not wanna do anything with you."

Back in the city of Los Angeles, on Rodeo Drive, at Pacific Time Zone 06:06 pm, inside the Cartier jewelry store, on the side wall, the tall, slender brown-haired, pale-tinted driver in a traditional black tinted pencil suit continued to sit on top of the lush sitting chair in peach tone and softly sneered at the back spine on the pretty bride, who continued to select and purchase numerous items from the designer jewelry store. Beck continued to sleep from the goddess punch and sat in the borrowed silver tinted wheelchair beside the nice, friendly driver.
On the opposite side of the room, Cinta stood in front of the engagement ring section, touching each diamond ring while deciding her favorite diamond among the drawer of glittering gem stones.
The Cartier sales clerk patiently waited for the young bride to select each piece of jewelry while softly chuckling and grinning at the long and wide pile of boxed items that the young bride was purchasing today. With her new cash money commission, the Cartier sales clerk could quit work and retire from the business world.
Cinta slipped on the gigantic diamond ring that held a single stone on a platinum band, nodding with a smile on her left hand at her ring finger. "Yes, I want this engagement ring. Yes, I like the bigger stone. The diamond glitters in reds, blues, and yellows on my finger. And this thick band fits my slender finger perfectly. There's no need to adjust the mineral. Yes, I wanna purchase this engagement ring today."
The Cartier store manager had become intrigued with the young bride and curious about her older and unconscious black-haired male fiancé inside the wheelchair, who was still asleep. The manager stood a few feet behind his sales clerk while carefully watching Cinta.
Cinta wiggled her finger with the diamond ring and smiled with delight, looking up, reaching up and touched the pile of tiny white colored boxes that represented all of her selected jewelry items. She nodded to the sales clerk with a grin and reached down into her designer jacket, pulling out, waving the black colored platinum credit card near her smile. "I wanna wear my engagement ring outside. I don't need a box for this little gem. Well, I have finished my shopping spree. Now, I am ready to purchase all of my wonderful items," she handed the card to the sales clerk.
The clerk snatched up the card and spun around, moving to the cash register for the final business transaction. The store manager blocked the sales clerk and extended his hand, accepting the credit card, examining the item with care and caution.
Cinta continued to stand and touch each one of her boxed items, wiggling her hand with the diamond engagement ring, softly giggling with delight. "I love shopping here. I'm going to tell all of my friends ..."
"...your name ..." the store manager looked up and stared at Cinta.
Cinta looked up from the pile of boxes and smiled at the store manager. "What about my name? My name is Cinta."
He pointed down at the card. "Your name Cinta is not printed on this credit card, miss."
She faked a smile. "O! The credit card belongs to my fiancé."
"I can see that his name is printed on his credit card. Beck Actworth. But I do not see your printed name printed on his personal credit card in golden letter either. Before I can run the credit card through the credit card machine, I must have his verbal approval for all of your jewelry purchases this afternoon, miss."
"What!"
He waved the card near his scowl. "This credit card belongs to Beck Actworth, not you. I must have his verbal approval before the purchases are paid with his credit card."
She frowned. "Why? What for! I have been using..." Cinta gasped in alarm and then faked a smile with a head nod. "Well, of course, that's very wise of you." She scooted around the jewelry display cases and stopped, squatting down beside Beck, who was still unconscious from the goddess punch. She leaned over and smiled into his face. "Darling, Beck! Can you please tell the nice store manager that you approve of all of my gem and jewelry purchases?" She reached down and pinched his arm. Beck mumbled out loud with a set of incoherent words.
The driver turned with a sour frown and watched Cinta also in silence.
Cinta smiled at the nose profile on Beck. "Beck Actworth told me and you the word, yes. Did you hear him say the word, yes?" She stood upright from the tile floor and turned with a smile to see the store manager.
The store manager did not speak but nodded in silence back to Cinta with dissatisfaction, leaning down, sliding the edge of the card into the credit card machine. The machine producing a tiny, long list of purchased jewelry items with the printed name of Beck Actworth on the bottom of the paper. He ripped off the long ticket and held the item near his smile. "Since Mr. Actworth has approved all of your jewelry purchases, could you push his wheelchair over to the office desk, so he can sign the sales receipt?"
"What!" Cinta gasped in alarm. "I haven't had to ..." she cleared her throat. "Beck is not required to sign the receipt slip for a single credit card purchase. What are you talking about, sir?"
He nodded with a smirk and continued to wiggle the long ticket near his jaw line. "You are correct, Cinta. A single purchase on a credit card does not require a signature. However, you have almost brought the entire store. Your pile of gem stones and jewelry items total over three million dollars. Therefore, I require a signature for the value of three million dollars in gem stones, which includes your diamond engagement ring also, Cinta."
She moved ahead with a smile and waved her hand. "I can sign the sales receipt."
He continued to wiggle the receipt slip and looked down at the credit card. "You are named as Beck Actworth, miss. The credit card and the receipt slip list Beck Actworth as the signature on the card and the receipt. Mr. Actworth needs to sign for this three million dollar purchase. Can you awaken him into consciousness for his signature, please?" He extended the credit card back to Cinta. If Beck did not or could not sign the sales receipt, then the sales purchase of boxed items would become voided by the store manager. And the store manager did not want to ransom the credit card for the monies either.
The driver softly chuckled and crossed his arms. He suspected the young pretty girl was a true gold digger and digging her own jail prison cell with the Cartier store manager.
Cinta halted with a gasp and then softly sneered at the clever Cartier store manager. She had been using Beck's credit card for two days and had not been required to sign a sales receipt once. Now, Beck was unconscious from her goddess punch, maybe for a couple of days. She had a strong right hook as told by her brother Garth.
Cinta moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of the jewelry display case, extending her left hand with the glittering diamond engagement ring, snatching the credit card and placed down into the pocket on her jacket. She extended her left hand again to the store manager. "I understand. Please, provide the sales receipt to me. I'll tarry it over and get my fiancé to sign the paper. Then our business transaction is done for the day, sir."
He cuddled the paper and shook his bone skull. "You are not the signature on the credit card or the sales receipt. What is wrong with your fiancé? He does not appear healthy."
She faked a smile. "Beck, he is prone to accidentally falls from his body disease. He fell down right before we left the house and sustained a few body bruises. He is healthy and fit and also heals fast. I really don't wanna move his wheelchair from his comfortable position."
"I hate seeing a male incapacitated also. But Mr. Actworth needs to review and sign this sales receipt, before I can release your jewelry items and your diamond engagement right, miss."
She spun around with a sour frown and shouted out loud, tossing both of her arms in the air, "All right! Okay! I get it. I got it. I will get him." Cinta dropped her hands and slapped her legs with frustration, moving back to Beck, squatting down and leaned over into his face with a smile. She rubbed his arm. "Beck, darling, I need for you to sign the sales receipt for all of my jewelry items. Can you move your head? Does your head hurt from that nasty fall?" She nodded with a smile. "I know that, honey. You feel both dizzy and nausea. Please, try not to vomit over your person again. But, now, I need to roll your wheelchair closer to the display case. You need to sign for my jewelry items. We talked about this purchase for me at the house and in the limo. Do you remember, sweetheart?" She stood upright from the tile with a smile and reached down into the pocket of her designer jacket, tapping on the same black tinted credit card with her awesome goddess powers. She whipped out the card near her smile. "O! I forgot! I do have my own credit card in my name. So, can you cancel that sales purchase in Beck's name and use my name instead. Then I can sign the sales receipt without the stress on my fiancé." The sales clerk, the driver, and the store manager, all gasped in shock and stared at Cinta.
Cinta moved ahead with a  smirk and stopped, standing in front of the jewelry display case, extending the card.
The store manager snatched the card and examined the item, gasping in shock, looking up to see Cinta. "This credit card reads: Mrs. Beck Actworth. How is that possible?"
She looked down at the glass case with a smile and studied each jewelry item, scooting around the square-shaped display case. She might want to purchase one more item to annoy the store manager. Cinta giggled with a grin. "Well, I am so embarrassed here. We are really married. I am Mrs. Beck Actworth and I have my own credit card. Will that credit card purchase all of my items, sir?"
The sales clerk frowned at the blonde hair roots on Cinta. "If you really are a married woman, why did you pretend to be a new bride?"
Cinta stopped and stood in front of the engagement ring section on the opposite side of the store, looking up with a smile to see the sales clerk, reaching out and touched her pile of boxed items. "Well, I had to marry Beck, after the baby."
She gasped in alarm. "What baby?"
Cinta nodded with a smile. "I had a child six months ago. So, we had to get married for my mama. My first wedding ceremony was so rushed that I didn't get to have a wedding cake or a wedding bouquet or a wedding church or a wedding gown or a wedding ring. So, now, Beck and I are going to have a real wedding for our child and our family. I had a hard decision as a single girl with a baby ..."
The sales clerk and the driver gasped in shock. The store manager frowned at Cinta. Beck continued to sit and sleep inside the wheelchair while listening to the fairy tale from Cinta.

Back at the Alien Headquarters, within the US State of Wyoming, at the Yellowstone National Park, in front of the Grand Pristine Springs, during Mountain Time Zone of 05:07 pm, at the Alien Headquarters, outside the first floor level, inside the dangling stadium seats on the last row, in the last seat beside the sunshine and air current, fake brown-haired and brown-eyed Garth leaned over and smiled into the cheekbone on his girl Risa while softly whispering into her face.
Risa continued to sit in the same spot without escaping from the annoying alien-kind male or the plumes of heat or the powerful wind currents that blistered her cheekbones and nose bridge with fury. She really wanted to jump off the stadium seat and land down on the earth soil, without boiling to death on top of the heated ground, escaping into the cool forestland and getting away from it all.
He smiled. "I wanna leave the glass tower and go exploring."
She turned and gasped at Garth. "Do you really wanna leave the glass tower?"
"Yeah, the place is too clean and too glassy for me. Do you wanna take a walk on the wild side? We could go and explore the thick forestlands. Are you afraid of bears and snakes?"
She laughed, "No. I love bears and snakes."
He winked. "Me, too!"
A dark colored face with a head black tinted cropped hair dropped down from the glass rooftop and halted in-between the tiny space in front of Garth and Risa. Risa turned and screamed in alarm. Garth turned and growled at the annoyant.
The face was attached to a male body that squatted down and then leaned over the hooded rooftop. The face smiled at Risa and then Garth. "Hey! I am not important here, but you are. I am here to explain the purpose of the Race."
"What race?" Garth frowned.
"Do you see the young couple zooming around the colorful dangerous edge on the hot springs?"
Garth nodded. "Yeah, I did. Yes, they died."
The face laughed. "No! They didn't die." Garth and Risa gasped in shock.
A loud noise bombarded the naked air waves which echoed against the tall glass tower and rung inside each pair of eardrums on every sitting creature in a stadium seat. Then numerous row of colorful streaks appeared and sailed through the pale blue sky, flying due west and away from the glass tower.
Risa looked up and smiled, pointing at the numerous colorful streaks in the sky. "O! Look at that? What is that? I have never seen that before in the pale blue skies."
The face smiled at Garth and then Risa. "O that! Fireworks. At the end of each Race competition, an array of colorful fireworks streak through the skyline in celebration of no deaths or no victors which concluded the Race. Do you wanna know about the Race?"
Risa returned back and smiled at the face. "Yeah, I wanna know about the Race."
Garth looked down and examined the boiling lake in silence, pondering the words: They didn't die.

Back in the city of Los Angeles, on Rodeo Drive, during the Pacific Time Zone of 06:13 pm, inside the Cartier jewelry store, Beck continued to sit inside the wheelchair and did not loudly snore but rested from the goddess punch. The driver continued to softly sneer at the talented gold digger Cinta. The sales clerk slowly placed each boxed item into a large tote bag for Cinta. The store manager continued to sneer down at the new credit card for the pretty female.
Cinta finished her awesome fairy tale to the human staff inside the jewelry store and looked down wiggling her left hand, staring at her glittering diamond ring with delight. She and Beck would get married right after purchasing her new jewelry items. She had the wedding gown and the engagement ring. The church was located down the street and had been paid with Beck's credit card. The preacher was ready to perform a short and sweet ceremony at any time.
Outside on the Rodeo street, numerous tree limbs started dropping down from the short trees landing on top of the vanilla colored sidewalks and the gray tinted street pavements. Numerous automobiles stopped before hitting one of the tree limbs and numerous people stopped on the sidewalk. Then numerous tiny peddles started falling down from the clear blue sky landing on top of the pavement, the sidewalk, the hair roots on each person, and the metal rooftop of each automobile. People started screaming and rushing away from the weird weather phenomena. Automobiles stopped in the street and honked the car horn with annoyance at the other drivers.
Inside the store, the driver turned with puzzlement and stared through the large entrance galls windows, viewing falling pebble rocks and tree limbs. He slowly stood upright from the comfortable sitting chair and moved to the window, examining the weird weather phenomena.
The sales clerk continued to pack each boxed item with a smile while softly humming with her gigantic cash money commission.
The store manager softly mumbled and waited for the credit card to accept payment.
Beck continued to sit and sleep inside the wheelchair on the opposite side of the store.
Cinta continued to stand and wiggled her ring finger, smiling down at her new diamond engagement ring.
Outside on the street, the vicious wind storm continued to rage and blow down all of the short trees, tipping over each stationary automobile, tossing a series of large rocks into each glass windows. In the blue sky, numerous streaks of colorful balls fell down and then landed down on the vanilla colored sidewalk, morphing into several semi-crooked lines of tall and muscular males and females with a head of long black tinted hair and a tone of dark colored skin.
The last colorful ball in red, blue, and yellow hue dropped down from the sky and landed down in front of the row of god-kind and goddess-kind, morphing into a male of twelve feet without hair strands, eyebrows, and a tone of pale glowing skin, and a pair of green tinted eyes. He stared into the glass window and then smiled with delight.
Inside the store, the driver gasped in shock and pointed at the window. "There is something really weird happening outside the store windows. It appears like a thunderstorm. Come over here and look at this gigantic tall male!"
In front of the store, the Alien King leaped up from the sidewalk and flew through the air, slamming down into the rooftop, creating a new entrance hole into the store. The interior ceiling tiles broke away and revealed a new hole. The male sailed down and landed beside Cinta, staring at the young goddess, laughing out loud.
Cinta gasped in shock at the broken tiles and instinctively back stepped, looking up to see the Alien King, sneering at the supernatural creature. She didn't need to use her goddess powers to figure out the smelly creature.
He reached out and grabbed her arm, pulling Cinta into his smelly body, whispering into her face. "You are the goddess girlfriend to the god."
She slammed his arm but couldn't break free from his gripe. "And you're the smelly boyfriend to your three other boyfriends. Get away from me, freak!"
He quickly cuddled Cinta and flew off the floor through the broken tiles with her, swiftly sailing through the pale blue sky, entering the mirror cloud portal with his new friend while laughing out loud with delight and amusement.
The semi-crooked rows of god-kind and goddess-kind continued to stand on top of the sidewalk and watched their leader leave the city, slowly lifting up from the sidewalk, halting thousands of feet in the air. Each one released a spread of colorful god and goddess beams quickly destroying a row of stationary buildings on Rodeo Drive.
Each interior wall inside the Cartier jewelry store tumbled down first and then the ceiling imploded dropping down on the sales clerk, the jewelry display cases, the store manager, the rows of living room furniture, and Beck inside the wheelchair. The driver gasped in alarm and rushed from the store before it caved down into the ground, when a goddess green tinted beam hit his body and destroyed his flesh and blood proteins into death.
The rows of god-kind and goddess-kind laughed at the terrible destruction, spinning around, sending more power beams down at the rows of buildings on Rodeo Drive appearing like a meteorite shower attack. Each god-kind and goddess-kind entered the mirror cloud portal into safety and returned back to the Alien Headquarters. The mirror cloud portal disappeared from the blue sky. The block of buildings on Rodeo Drive continued to smoke in colorful fireballs, plumes of white steam, and strands of black smoke as numerous emergency trucks sounded with loud bells and whistles for the emergency situation.

Back at the Alien Headquarters, inside the Yellowstone National Park, during Mountain Time Zone of 06:24 pm, outside the first floor level, inside the dangling stadium seats on the last row, Garth continued to sit in the dangling seat and dangled his legs studying the boiling lake. The face on the upside down god-kind supernatural creature continued to smile and shared the data about the Race. Risa bounced up and down inside her dangling chair while hearing the new information, nodding with agreement. A new set of loud noises bombarded the air waves again. New rows of colorful streaks appeared on the horizon and dropped down into the thick forestland.
Garth looked up and frowned at the weird sight that disappeared from the blue sky. "What is that?"
The upside down Face on the god-kind winked at Risa. "Fireworks. Haven't you ever heard of the word fireworks? Did you ever attend a firework display back at your hometown?"
Garth stared at the blue sky. "Yeah, I did. What is the purpose of the Race?"
The upside down Face on the god-kind smiled at Risa. "The Race is a fun adventure for any and all god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind during the bouts of boring while waiting on the four outlaws to emerge from their hidey-hold, before we finally find and then kill them." Garth laughed out loud. Risa frowned in silence.
The upside down Face on the god-kind  smiled. "Anyone can participate in the Race.
Garth frowned. "But that couple died. I don't wanna participate in the Race, where I die into nothingness."
The upside down Face on the god-kind laughed. "No. The couple didn't die. Let me explain what happened. Now, the start of the Race begins on top of that tiny platform above your hair roots that extends alone and lonely from the first floor level. You stand upright on top of the tiny platform that measures two feet long by two feet wide and then slip your entire upright body down through the smooth glass with your supernatural powers. You immediately start to slide downwards on the gigantic glass slide with or without your supernatural powers." He laughed with Risa. Garth growled in annoyance. The upside down Face on the god-kind smiled. "You are in the Race. Your body swifter than light speed goes downwards at an 120 degree angle down towards the boiling lake of fresh water in pretty blue tint. Let me explain the mysterious bands around the hot springs, which is part of Earth's natural beauty. You pair of naked eyeballs can see the yellow tinted ground of sand which is heated over 100 degrees Fahrenheit of hotness, that's not cool." He laughed. "The wide orange tinted band on the outside of the hot springs is truly heated and tinted in orange. This is part of the natural hot springs that no human or alien or entity can change. Around the orange band, there is a yellow band, then a red band, then a green band and then there is something else that can only be seen by your supernatural eyeballs. After the green band, there is an indigo band and then finally a violet tinted band that the humans can't see but each supernatural creature can."
"O! These are the pretty primary colors on every single rainbow after a rain shower, but not in rainbow order of red, yellow, orange, green, blue, indigo, and violet," Risa smiled.
The upside down Face on the god-kind winked at Garth. "Your girlfriend is slick, man!"
She sneered at Garth. "I'm not his girlfriend, fellow!"
He leaned over and tried to hug Risa, smiling at the face. "Thanks, bro! She is my girlfriend and she is slick," Garth laughed.
The upside down Face on the god-kind smiled. "As you zoom down the glass slide, you actually collide into an upright right orange tinted door, which is part of the alien magic, not Mother Nature. It is very important that you go through the door, not around the door. The door is part of the Race. If you go around the door, then you are disqualified and not burnt into a death act either," he laughed. Risa gasped in shock. Garth frowned at the lousy joke. The face smiled. "Once you enter through the first door, you travel around the curvy pathway at super speed, which is really a magical glass sheet that stands a few inches above the band of heated water. We are not allowed to destroy or miff Mother Nature. She likes to fight and she fights back with fury at us, too. If you can complete the circle of orange ..."
"That's easy!" Risa laughed.
"If you can complete the band of orange hue, there is a new door in bright yellow hue. You go through the new yellow tinted door and circle the band of yellow hue next. I do believe that you understand the rotating pattern of colors. For every colored band of heated water, there is a new entrance door. You complete the curvy pathway on top of the glass sheet and enter the next colored door."
"That's easy!" Risa smiled.
The upside down Face on the god-kind smiled. "If you are successful and complete each colored band which includes orange, yellow, red, green, blue, indigo, and violet, in that order without skipping and without falling off the band ..."
"That's easy!" Risa laughed.
"Then you will be the first to accomplish that feat."
She slapped her chest with a nod and bounced up and down with excitement. She really wanted to enter the Race and then slip off one of the heated bands of water, escaping into the forestlands and getting away from the crazy group of supernatural creatures. She wanted to live in peace and harmony with the wild animals. "That's me! When can I start my race down the glass slide to the boiling lake of non-lava but heated water? I'm ready to do it, too it, right now and right here."
The face smiled. "The Race starts at sunrise every morning and ends at sunset. However, the Race will accept any participates in-between these hours. But, the Race usually ends in the later afternoon, after each participate has tried and then failed the race course with great disappointment."
Risa frowned. "That sucks!"
The upside down Face on the god-kind winked at Risa and extended his upside arm. "Do you see the dangling stadium of glittering glass-covered seats?"
Garth turned and smiled at the structure. "Yeah, this structure is a magnificent feat of magic. Who constructed it?"
The upside down Face on the god-kind smiled at Garth and slapped his arm back onto his folded body on top of the roof. "The Alien King and his most trusted band of merry women and men worked together with their magical powers and constructed the dangling stadium structure."
Garth continued to study the delicate structure of solid glass on each seat, every hooded cove, the side wall, the glass slide, the glass platform that was attached to the tallest glass tower in the world. Now, he wanted to participate in the Race with his evil plan.
He would zoom down the glass slide and then hit the magical orange door, curving around the wide band of heated water, exposing his set of Seventh Son powers to all of his watching enemies, tossing tons of boiling water, large rock boulders, uprooted tree trunks, and other natural objects at the House of Glass. The glass was still a man-made material, not a type of god-kind magic, which was different. And each natural item was not a man-made material, but a Mother Nature object with an aura and a life form of its own that always conquered any and all man-made objects during a fight.
Garth could bombard the glass tower with natural objects and destroy the object while killing most of the god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind inside the building and then terminate each one with his Seventh Son powers outside the structure.
But. first, he needed to encourage Risa to leave the glass tower and hide inside the forestland in safety. She was still clueless to her original personality and her love for Garth. He couldn't release her from the spell as Risa would expose her alien personality that would alert each one of their enemies in angry, fright, and murder.
On the last row, inside the last seat, on one side of the stadium, Garth dangled in the powerful winds and softly chuckled at his new evil plan for his numerous enemies. The dangling stadium seats were filled with capacity containing numerous god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind that numbered 600 individuals. Garth had guessed the glass house held 880 individuals. This was a great evil plan.
The upside down Face on the god-kind returned back and smiled at Risa. "Now, each fun activity always has a set of rules."
She frowned. "You just told us the rules."
"I told you part of the rules. The other part of the rules require the participate to become two participates within the Race. Each couple of boy and girl or girl and girl or boy and boy must stand on top of the tiny platform, drop down together through the glass platform, ride down the glass slide together and enter the first door together, at the same time and not apart. The couple participates must stand or hug or cuddle or hold hands or hold finger pads or hold toe pads or stick together during the entire race, at the same time and not apart. Once they pull part by a hair strand or a several inches or several feet, they disappear off the glass slide or from any one of the circles." The upside down Face on the god-kind laughed.
Risa gasped in shock. "What!"
"Wow! That's not easy," Garth laughed with a nod to the face of the god-kind.
The upside down Face on the god-kind smiled. "Now, you know most of the rules."
She frowned. "Most of the rules, what are the other rules that you forget to mention?"
"Each couple participates must touch each other on any body part as long as that body part or another body part is not separated during the course of the ride. The most important rule, you must wear a pair of roller skates while traveling down the glass slide towards the flat valley with the pond of boiling water."
Garth cussed. "That...that's crazy, man. If I wore a pair of roller skates and traveled down a 120 degree on a sloped mountain side, dropping down 1,000 feet to the bottom, then I would fly faster than an outer space rocket ship."
"That's the point, boy!" The upside down Face on the god-kind laughed.
"Geez! I am not certain about this fun adventure, Risa. I might have a heart attack and then die of fright, before I die of death."
The upside down Face on the god-kind laughed at Garth. "That's a great motto! Die of fright, before your death! May I use your expression, buddy?"
"Go for it!" He nodded.
"When you sail through magically colored door, your foot ware will change into something else from magic. The first ride down the glass slide is on your pair of roller skates from your personal magic. The pair of skates can be modern or ancient or colored or dull, but each skate might contain one or two or four or six or eight or nine wheels. Else, you are disqualified. The bands around the boiling lake are presented in circles. a circle requires speed to curve around the pathway. After entering through each colorful new magical door while holding each other's hand, of course, your moving feet will immediately change into a new pair of shoes. The shoes could be a set of snow skies or a single skate board for both of your feet or another pair of moving objects. The door is triggered with the magical foot ware. And no one knows but the Alien King. You must continue to hold her hand and maneuver on your new pair of moving objects around the colored band of heated water until you reach the center of the pond. If you become separated by one finger length or a few inches or a few yards, then you are disqualified."
Garth looked down and studied the colored rings on the hot springs with puzzlement. "Wow! The Alien King is making it hard for a couple to win the Race. Is that the purpose here?"
"No! The purpose is fun and adventure. We all get bored waiting on the four outlaws to present themselves. And we can't leave the glass tower to explore the forestlands. It is strictly forbidden."
Garth gasped. "Why is that forbidden? The forestland cannot harm us."
The hand on the upside down Face of the god-kind flipped through the air and then slapped the glass rooftop that sounded with a musical ting in the air waves. "O! Something to do with Mother Nature. She is the Earth goddess and possesses her own goddess powers that no human or animal or beast or god or goddess or alien shall mess with. That was my explanation."
He laughed with a nod. "I like that explanation."
The upside down Face on the god-kind smiled. "Now, you know the rules. The rules are easy and hard at the same time. The last couple was a boy and a boy that hugged each other, zooming down the glass slide together, hitting the orange tinted door together, curving the orange circle together, hitting the yellow tinted door together, curving around a narrow band of yellow hue, not together. One of them lost their footing on the new magical foot ware, which is too easy, and then quickly separated from his boyfriend and they came apart. Once they parted, they disappeared from the circle."
Garth gasped in shock. "I saw that. So, where did they go?"
"They returned back into one of the sleeping pods for some rest and relaxation by the great power coming from the Alien King." Garth gasped in shock with Risa. The upside down Face on the god-kind nodded with a stern brow. "Competition is some fun action but an annoying result. Some racers experience angry at not completing the course. Other races become mad at the other residents for failing. Then other races wanna start a fist fight for fun or in angry. So, the Alien King has solved that issue by placing each failed participate back inside one of the empty sleeping pods for some needed rest and recovery. Each failed participate will awaken at sunrise with a set of calm alien emotions and a set of faint godly memories from their performance at the Race."
Risa sneered at the face. "I have experienced sudden sleep and then memory problems at sunrise too."
"We all do, little girl. After each battle fight with the four outlaws, who are not dead, yet, each resident is slapped down inside a sleeping pod and sleeps until sunrise or later. I experience the same thing, sweetheart. This is the perfect remedy for tireless or restless or angry or injured or annoying residents here in the glass tower. If you don't like you, then you can leave at any time."
"When?" Risa gasped in shock. "When can I leave this place?"
The upside down Face on the god-kind laughed. "That was a terrible joke. I'm sorry. I was trying to lightened your lousy mood. Do you understand the rules of the Race? Each participate is two people, not one. Do you have any questions for me? I need to scoot along the hooded rooftop and inform the other people."
Garth nodded. "Yeah, I got a question. If the Race does not start until sunrise tomorrow, why are my naked feet dangling in the air waves and watching nothing but flying birds and twirling clouds of white?"
The upside down Face on the god-kind smiled. "Demand for a glass seat is high here. If you ever bother to count our nice and naughty residents that reside here inside the glass house, there are more individuals than glass seats. So, each seat is first come, first grab. The other spectators will remain and sleep here tonight through the evening hours until sunrise and then watch each couple participate in the Race, until they get bored or leave for some other acts of naughty pleasure," he winked at Risa. She sneered at the cute god-kind. The Face smiled.
Risa slapped her chest with a smile at the face. "I'm staying put through the night."
"Me, too!" Garth smiled at the face also.
The upside down Face on the god-kind winked. "Good choice! You will enjoy the Race tomorrow. Do you have any more questions? I need to scoot along."
He smiled. "Yeah! Who has not fallen off and went to sleep, but reached the end of the Race course?"
"No one."
He gasped. "No one?"
"No one!"
He smiled. "Where does the Race course end?"
"I have not raced. I scared of heights," the upside down Face on the god-kind laughed. "The Race course, if you meet the last circle on the violet pathway without falling off, drops down into the middle of the boiling lake through a glass elevator-type structure, without burning off your arms and legs. Then the couple drops down into a secret cave. Now, I have been told by group of nasty spies that the secret cave is filled with valuable objects, such like, silver, gold, gems."
Risa frowned. "What do we need with such earthly possessions? We're supernatural creatures. We can create all of our needs without the humans."
The upside down Face on the god-kind slapped his hand onto his chest which stood above the rooftop while making a loud pop "When we finally find and kill these four outlaws, we'll take over the world and rule the humans. A handful of precious metals and gems will tease each stupid human into slave submission, without violence or a violent act while making our attack ease and peaceful," he laughed.
Garth frowned at the ugly words coming from the unknown god-kind. "So, if I wanna watch the Race at sunrise tomorrow, I am to sleep here. I don't know how much sleep I'll be able to get inside this hard bottom, glass-covered chair. I might decide to vacant and sleep inside one of the sleeping ..."
"No!" Risa turned and smiled at Garth. "Please stay with me! I wanna see the Race. And if I like the fun adventure, after tomorrow morning, then I might need a race partner, partner," she chuckled.
Garth turned and gasped at Risa. She was offering friendship and partnership for the Race. If they could sail down the glass slide down towards the hot springs together as a race couple, then he would use his Seventh Son powers and sweep them into the air, storing Risa in a safe place, destroying the glass house. Then Risa, Beck, Cinta, and the world of humans would live in a safe world.
He smiled with a nod. "Well, since you twisted my hand with your sweaty fingers..."
"My fingers are sweaty."
"I accept your friendship and your partnership."
She leaned over and whispered to Garth. "This is only a race partnership, buddy. Don't get any other feelings, fellow!" Risa stood back and nodded with a stern face.
He smiled. "All right! I get it."
The upside down Face on the god-kind laughed and viewed Risa and then Garth. "Well, my match-making skills are successful again. See ya'll on the race course!" His head disappeared and revealed the beautiful landscape of tall mountains with snow, pale blue sky, white clouds, thick carpet of forest, and the colorful hot springs down on the valley floor.
Garth leaned over and smiled at Risa. "I really appreciate you picking me as your race mate. I'll do a good job."
Her legs dangled in the air waves and then one of her foot started shaking with nervousness. She nodded. "Well, I don't have a choice really. I don't know any of the other people that live here. But I wanna get outta of here."
"I do, too! I don't like glass objects. The glass item breaks and then cuts into my tender finger pads," he laughed.
She giggled. "Yeah, glass cuts my fingers, too. I'm sorta scared to death racing down at glass slide at the speed of light."
"Close your eyelashes! Let me do the driving!" He laughed.
She gasped in shock. "Aren't you scared of death too? That glass slide is 1,000 feet up and then travels down into a pond of boiling water which is called a hot spring for that reason."
He winked. "I ain't afraid of the dark or the water or the glass or death. Once we get down to the bottom level, we will jump off the heated circle of water and then sail over the heated pond water, landing down inside the cool, thick carpet of woodlands, running away from the glass tower, the pond of boiling water, and the others. I don't it here either and I don't like people telling me what to do or not to do also?"
She gasped in shock and turned to view the other seats. "Can we really do that? I wanna do that. But they seem to be watching us," Risa returned back with worry and nodded to him.
He laughed and wrapped his arm around Risa. "Naw! It's only your vivid imagination. They don't watch us."
She smiled. "They watch us." On the horizon the sun started sinking down and exhibited wavy lines in tones of rose, pink, light green, bright orange and bright red leading up into the pale blue sky. Risa exhaled with exhaustion and smirked to Garth performing an ugly yawn. Then Garth yawned next. She closed her lips and her two eyelashes, drooling her head down onto his collar bone, falling down into a light slumber.
He lifted his hand and patted her smooth cheekbone and whispered for his eardrums only. "Everything is going to be fine, Risa. We are almost outta of here. You are safe. I promise. I missed you. I feel about leaving Beck, but he's a big boy," he softly chuckled and then yawned again, blinking off both of his eyelids, turning to view the pretty sunrise. He smiled with the beauty of Mother Nature and then dropped his chin, falling down into sleep.
At 08:33 pm during the western sunset with an array of oranges, reds, pinks, and blues at the horizon, the air temperatures dropped down to 41˚ Fahrenheit with cold air currents above the hot springs boiling lake of water in the Yellowstone National Park within the US State of Wyoming.
Inside each hard glass-coated seat, each god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind performed an individual ugly yawn and then dropped down a chin, falling down into sleep for the evening hours by the power coming from the Alien King.
On the 88th floor level, in his grand chamber on top of the glass tower, the Alien King stood in front of the side window and smiled down at each one of the sleepy creatures in silence.
Saturday, December 14th


06:25 am  (sunrise of purple, yellow, green, blues, and reds)
37˚ Fahrenheit with cold air temperatures

Yellowstone National Park within the US State of Wyoming

Dangling Stadium Seats setting
Last row, last two chairs location 


The dull sunlight hit the eyelids on Garth first. He lifted up his hand and covered his sensitive eyeballs rubbing his face, slapping his chest. He opened his two eyelids and stared down at the 1,000 feet down to the valley floor on top of the earth soil, screaming out loud in panic, activating his brain cells. He laughed out loud and wiggled his body inside the hard cold glass chair, turning with a gasp to see Risa.
Risa was curled into a ball and perched dangerously on the edge of the glass seat. He leaned over and cuddle Risa into his chair while whispering softly into her eardrum. "Risa, wake up! It's morning time. We're sitting in a glass chair. Don't move too much!"
She opened her two eyelashes and wiped off the mouth drool with one hand, sitting upright in the chair, looking down at the air space and then screamed out loud in panic. Her body wiggled side to side in shock.
Garth cuddled her tighter without falling out from the seat and smiled down into her cheekbone. "Hey, Risa! Good morning! Do you remember me, sweetheart?" She turned with puzzlement and screamed into his face. He continued to hug her and laughed out loud, "O! I guess not. I am Garth. You are called, Risa. We are sitting here inside a dangling stadium seat and waiting for the Race to start. Do you remember now, darling?"
She stopped wiggling in the chair and screaming in his face, exhaling with confusion, rubbing her face. She frowned with memory. "Yeah! Yeah! I sorta remember now. You are called, Garth. I am named, Risa. We are here dangling off an individual hard air-borne chair. Wait! Did the Race start?" She turned and nodded to him. "We were going to race down the glass slide and then leave ..."
"Yeah, you remember. The Race has not began. But I do believe that we should get outta of these chairs and find out how we join the Race."
"Yes, we need to leave. How do we leave these seat?"
Garth jumped from the seat with laughter and then hovered in the air waves for one second, flying upwards, landing down on top of the hooded cover which acted as a rooftop platform on each row. He leaned down and presented an upside down face winking at Risa. "Your turn! Leap up from the seat! I promise to catch your flying body."
She reached over and tried to slap his face but missed. He jerked backwards with laughter. "I am an alien princess. I can perform that same alien trick, buddy." She leaped up from the seat and then landed down on top of the rooftop, cuddling in his chest, giggling with delight.
Garth stood on the edge of the tenth row of glass chairs with Risa and then slowly jumped up from the row with her, landing down on each edge, until they reached the beginning of the first row of chairs. They had to wait for a new couple to drop down through the glass platform, riding the glass slide down into the pond of boiling water.
Garth cuddled Risa and then leaped up from the glass edge, smoothly landing on top of the tiny platform. He released Risa and dropped down, quickly crawling back through the opening, swiftly standing upright on top of the first level floor. He spun around and squatted down, assisting Risa through the same opening, standing her upright next to him.
They quickly back pedaled from the active opening leading down into the stadium seats and slammed together into the opposite wall, studying the hallway.
Risa scanned the hallway with a smile. "Wow! Today is a busy day. This hallway is more crowded than yesterday. I think. After sleeping, I kinda don't remember my previous day." She rubbed her forehead.
Garth nodded. "Now, I understand. Each stupid and brave couple participates are required to wait and hold in the same area as the drooling spectators. No wonderful this place is crowded, busy and smelly."
She laughed. "Yeah, the god and goddess things smell terrible to my alien nostrils."
He laughed and slowly lifted up from the floor, watching the new couple in the Race.
The couple wore a pair of yellow and pink tinted roller skates on top of the tiny platform. The crowd in each sitting chair clapped and cheered for the couple. The couple dropped down through the platform immediately traveling down the glass slide at unnatural speed appearing like a pair of buzzing flies. The couple moved through the first magical orange tinted door and then changed foot ware into a pair of scooters in silver tone with green metal.
He leaned over and tapped her arm. "Risa, lift off the floor! You gotta see this!"
She lifted off the floor and stared at the couple in silence.
Inside the band of orange on the hot springs at the flat valley, the couple continued to fly around the curvy band and hit the next colored door in yellow. They appeared and slowly traveled ahead over the yellow tinted band on a pair of red tinted toddler tricycles. The crowd pointed and laughed at the brave couple on top of the heated band of water inside the hot springs.
Inside the first floor level, on the opposite wall, in the air beside Garth, Risa gasped in shock at the couple. "Is that legal and hard or one and not the other one? I'm really confused about the Race rules."
Garth frowned. "I guess so. The couple is moving really slow but they are still in the Race. I'm really confused about the Race rules too."
A short and slender female appeared and stood on the floor, looking up with laughter to see Risa and then Garth. "Yes, the pair of childish tricycles are both legal and hard inside the Race and on the race track. And I can assist you with all of the Race rules, too boot," she laughed.
Garth dropped down first and sneered at the unknown young alien. He could see her ugly aura and smelled her vanilla fragrance that each alien-kind presented to a pair of supernatural nostrils. "I don't think so. Who are you?" Risa dropped down next and stood beside Garth, staring at the unknown young female alien in silence.
The female alien did not sneer or hiss but laughed while winking at Garth. "I am a friend too. I am an alien, not a goddess. I can help you. Do you wanna win the Race?"
"Will your assistance guarantee us a win here?" Garth nodded.
The female alien shook her long golden hair with a pair of green tinted eyeballs. "I do not promise anything. I am available to explain the Race rules which might help you win the Race. That is all!"
Risa frowned. "Why do you wanna help us? You look fit and fine. Why didn't you use the knowledge and win the Race instead?"
She smiled and winked at Garth again. "I have no partner, unless you wanna give your handsome man."
Risa gasped in shock and leaned over, cuddling with Garth. Garth softly chuckled. His girl Risa loved him even with her brainwashed memories.
He shook his head. "I don't think Risa wants to do that for personal reasons."
Risa frowned. "There is more to your story, girly!"
The female alien nodded. "Yes, there is more to my boredom here inside the Glass Cage. Every day, it is the same old thing. Wait on the outlaws that never show! Walk around the glass floor that never moves. Watch the brave couple ride down the glass slide and that always fails. Everyone likes to gossip about winning the Race, but some folks are too scared to race. Then, the other folks are too brave to run the Race and then fail. Some couple, please, win the Race. All of us wanna see what is down below the Race course. It is rumored to be gold, silver, gems. The Race is a curious activity that boggles the mind with intrigue, mystery, and suspense. I think you, two can overcome the odds and win the Race. After all, tomorrow morning, you will not remember any of your previous activities and then you can do it again and again and again ..."
"She's harmless." Risa laughed with Garth. "All right! We want and will take your explanation of the Race rules. What are they?"
The female alien scooted sideways and nodded to the far wall corner. "All right! Let us discuss the Race rules inside my private office," She stopped near the forward glass wall with laughter and stared at the long side wall. Risa and Garth slowly slid sideways from their spot and away from the crowd, stopping in front of the alien and the glass wall.
The female alien reached over with a smile and grabbed one of the glossy colorful magazines from the built-in open shelf, flipping through the pages and then stared down at the page. She reached out with her other hand and grabbed the naked arm on the approaching goddess. "Hey, girly! Slap down a pair of racing outfits and four black tinted roller blades for my two friends here!"
The goddess with long black hair and dark skin halted and sneered down at the golden hair roots on the short alien. "I am a goddess..."
"Girly goddess, slap down a pair of racing outfits and four black roller blades for my two alien friends. Since, you are the only one that possesses that nice trick."
"This is a goddess talent, not a trick," The goddess snatched the magazine and slapped the page with her naked hand. Two individual one-piece suits and four individual roller blades dropped down on the floor and landed down at the naked feet on Garth. Each dark green tinted racing suit was decorated with a solid yellow tinted strip on each side and a red tinted strip across the chest. Each roller blades were coated in black hue plastic.
Risa shook her curls and gasped in shock, pointing at the goddess trick. "Wait! I know that talent. I have seen that talent before. But I can't recall the time or the day or the event."
Garth gasped in alarm. Risa might be losing her brainwashing cover and then she would become exposed as one of the rebel outlaws to the gang of enemies.
"Thanks, girly goddess!" The short alien laughed and looked down at the two outfits on the floor.
The goddess moved ahead and snarled at the annoying trio of aliens, whispering for her eardrums only. "When we rule the planet, they become my slaves too." She continued ahead and laughed out loud.
Garth turned and stared at the back spine on the goddess while overhearing her string of nasty threats, softly growling at his enemy, whispering for his eardrums only. "We will meet again, girly!"
Inside the floor level and outside in the seats, the active crowd moaned with great disappointment. The couple parted and then disappeared from the green tinted band of heated water. A new brave and bold couple consisting of two girls stood upright on top of the tiny platform waving to the crowd. The crowd clapped and cheered for the two girls.
Inside the wall corner, on the first floor  level, the short female alien sat down on the floor with a smile. Risa squatted down and reached out, cuddling the two outfits, staring at the alien. Garth sat down and stared at the female alien.
The alien nodded. "First rule, touch by the side or front of the upper body. I have been observing each couple with interest. The failed couples did not touch by body but tried to stay close or apart with their hands, which failed. The glass sheet is smooth. However, the curves are fast. That's when you could fly ahead of him and then part from his hand. The more successful couples, who did not finish the Race, touched by body and stayed glued longer. Second rule, the key to winning is your fancy footwork. Each colored door places a pair of rolling objects on each foot. Then you must quickly find your foot rhythm again while still holding onto her body without falling off the band of heated water. Don't get worried! No couple or person has burned to death down in the boiling water of the hot springs. Once you separate, the Alien King is watching from his penthouse apartment on top of the glass tower and he pulls you off the glass sheet and dumps your body down into one of the sleeping  pods. Yeah, it is annoying but it works. Third rule, your naked feet in a new pair of rolling shoes cannot leave the glass sheet other than the natural rhythm of rolling motion that keeps your body upright. This is very important. One couple tried to hold his girl on his back spine, where her feet did not touch. That rule is a given like in the field of geometry. Each person uses a pair of roller skates, not displays the teenly toy in the air for view. Fifth rule, as long as the couple is upright and balance and moving forward around each colorful band, the couple can travel slow or slower or slowest or fast or faster or fastest while trying to reach the center of the pond water. However, the field of physics and the law of gravity work against the couple, zooming down a 120 degree sloped hill which is 1,000 feet in the air. The couple is faced with using their magic to stay upright, balance their feet, and hug each other, without accounting for the speed of their forward motion. The combination of these physical factors contribute to failure or maybe, success," she laughed.
"Yay!" Garth laughed.
Risa frowned. "Yeah."
The female alien nodded. "The Race event is not timed or limited with your or their time. The Race event is only watched and executed by the current couple participates. So, if the couple takes one hour to travel one colored band, then that's okay."
Garth gasped in alarm. "Then the crowd could be here all day watching one couple travel around each colored band before reaching the center point."
The female alien nodded. "However, the Race official starts at sunrise when the sun come up and ends at sunset, when the sun goes down. Yes, that is all daylight hours, not all nighttime hours."
"Right!" Risa nodded with a smile.
She smiled. "Sixth rule, good luck!"
Risa gasped in shock. "Is that it? You didn't offer much advise here."
"I did not provide advice here. I clarified the Race rules from my keen observation. You need to touch each other and quickly find your rhythm with the new pair of rolling objects through each colored door. If you can accomplish these two tasks, then you can win the Race." The female alien nodded with a smile. "The Race is a fair and fun event which measures the skill of each god-kind or goddess-kind or alien-kind. If both of you can overcome your fear of heights and your threat of death, then you can win this thing. This is psychology test that you can pass. Everyone is hoping for a winner. They wanna know what valuables are down in the secret cave. We have been waiting for nine months, since we first landed her from the Syzygy event."
Risa gasped in shock. "Did you fight with the other aliens against the other gods and goddesses?"
She frowned. "No! I ran away and did not fight. I did not lose my life like some many others. The clever war battle had been planned and executed by the four outlaws, who we now chase around the entire globe. I had lost my parents and my grandparents and brothers, sisters, aunts, uncles, and cousins. I'm the only survivor of my personal clan."
"I am so sorry for you lost. I, too, lost all of my relatives but one." Garth nodded with a stern face. "I do not blame any human or animal or god or goddess or alien. The Syzygy occurrence was a planned event by the cosmic, not any particular god or goddess or alien or human or animal or beast. Do you not understand that outer space knowledge? During the natural occurring Syzygy event, where every god, goddess, and alien had been warned in advance, each supernatural creature and their supernatural power had been exposed and unprotected. Some of the supernatural creatures even become stronger, if that is supernaturally possible," he chuckled. Garth and Beck had become stronger Seventh Sons. He nodded. "However, some of the more evil thinking supernatural creatures had planned a civil war to defeat and defunct the other paranormal individuals. That did happen..."
"And that will continue to happen until the four outlaws are caught and killed. You sound like a friend to the four outlaws, instead of an enemy, alien male." The short female alien sneered at Garth.
Garth stared at the female alien. "What about the Alien King? He's a tall and ugly guy," he laughed.
She gasped in shock. "What about the Alien King?"
He smiled. "Who is he? Where did he come from? Is he an alien or a god? I can't figure him out."
She frowned. "Why do you need to figure him out?"
"I am interested and intrigued by our leader, who is called the Alien King. Do the other gods and goddesses become jealous or claim the fame first?"
She sneered. "No! Every paranormal here obeys the rules and follows the Alien King. He has been success in leading our fights and ..."
"... not killing the four outlaws." Garth laughed.
She growled at Garth, "You sound like the enemy, or worse, a spy."
He slapped his chest. "I am a lost alien. I told you before that my alien clan members are all dead. I have been alone for months making a living among the nasty race of humans."
She snarled with mouth spit. "I hate the humans. I cannot wait until the four outlaws are dead. Then the paranormals can take over the world and finally rule the planet and then enslave the human race."
He gasped in shock. Garth had heard these nasty words coming from the parted lips on each encountered god and goddess and now alien also. He was really worried about the human race. If the current gang of nasty gods, goddesses, and aliens were not terminated, then there would not be another war but dead and destruction on each human.
He smiled. "Where did the Alien King come from here on Planet Earth or outer space cloud dust or another Milky Way Galaxy planet? Is he one of use or one of them or a combination of us and them?" Garth laughed.
She smiled and then leaned over to Garth and Risa. "Well, the topic of the Alien King is a sensitive subject among some of the most loyal from his band of merry males and females. Be careful who you converse with about the Alien King. Else, you will not be located here inside the glass tower anymore. Have you heard of a soul catcher?"
Garth sneered. "Yes, each and every soul catcher is dead."
She softly chuckled. "Maybe! Maybe not! There are rumors that he is a runaway soul catcher from the Syzygy event. During the Syzygy event, each soul catcher had been exposed like the rest of the paranormals but they fought back. Some of the soul catchers wanted to catch and then eat each human living soul, which is forbidden among the Source and throughout the cosmic. However, one or two of the soul catchers disobeyed the rules during the Syzygy event, which was easy as each paranormal was fighting for their right to life. Thus, there might be a soul catcher still alive and living among the paranormals. Thus, our Alien King might be a soul catcher that leads the paranormals into victory. then he can catch and eat as many humans during the day and the night as desired," she laughed out and stood back with a smile.
Risa nodded with a stern face. "Thanks for the unspoken topic!"
Garth nodded with a stern face and slapped his chest. "I'll be more cautious, in the future. And I am a fair alien. I wanna see both sides of the golden coin, before I made a bold or bloody decision, my new alien friend."
She nodded with a stern face. "Well, that's a bold or bloody decision, in which, all of the other paranormals did not share but spit on. I wanna warn about your free words and your open mind here at the glass tower. Most of the paranormals possess one-dimensional thinking and closed minded thoughts as far as the four outlaws and their healthy welfare."
Risa sneered at the female alien. "Noted!" She felt like her new friend Garth and wanted to see and hear and taste both sides of that golden coin, before making a bad decision. "I wanna thank for your personal instructions. I do believe with your wise advice and our good luck that we will succeed and then all will find out what is below the pond of boiling water," she smiled at the young alien female.
The female alien slowly stood upright from the floor with a smirk and nodded down to Risa and then Garth, spinning around, moving back into the crowd and found a spot on the side wall, watching the event.
On top of the floor, near the wall corner, Risa continued to sit and cuddle the Race items, scanning the hallway of paranormals with caution.
Garth reached over with a smile and gently pulled his Race gear from her arms. "How did the goddess know what size to order for me?"
"I find the gods and goddesses have extra sensors in their butthole that allows them to know certain information that an alien never gets," she laughed and then winked at Garth.
He laughed and cuddled his Race gear, exhaling with anticipation. "Well, another couple had launched down the glass slide. When do we wanna go down the slide? Do we go next? Or do we go last?"
"We go last. I wanna chew and then digest all of the new information. We must stay joined at the hip or hand or body with both feet moving like we are dancing or running over a track. We must juggle a new pair of moving objects on your naked feet exiting out each new magical door. And we will be flying at light speed or faster. I don't see how to stop our forward motion or the pull on Earth's gravity on each one of our bodies with our paranormal magical powers. What are some of the other moving objects that could appear on our feet?"
He frowned. "What does it matter? We're guessing here. We must react to the moment. We can't anticipate the forward motion on the course."
She smiled. "Yeah, I know that. But I'm nervous and wanna talk about the Race and the course. The conversation makes me feel better and in-tune with the moment, even if my stomach is performing flips and then flops. Some of the moving objects that go on a pair of naked feet for a human include a pair of snow skies, a pair of roller skate, a pair of ice skates. What else? O! A teenly human rolls on a single skateboard. Is that one or two words? Some of the adults and teens and kids roll on a single scooter with two wheels. A human rolls a unicycle at the circus or a bicycle to work and a toddler rides a cute tricycle. Geez! The human rides on top of a motorcycle. Would the magical door produce a motorcycle?"
He nodded. "I guess not. I guess so. I don't know." Garth stood upright from the floor and cuddled his Race gear into one arm, squatting down, assisting Risa to stand. "We need to get dressed and practice rolling around on the pair of skates. It's been a long time, since I have played with skates. I don't wanna fall off that glass slide splattering my pink tinted guts down into the earth soil with Earth's gravity. That would be so embarrassing for you," he laughed with Risa.
She bumped his elbow and started dressing in her Race gear, gliding around the glass floor, screaming with excitement on her new pair of roller blades. Garth quickly dressed and slowly slid sideways, yelling out loud with surprise. They rolled around the floor and bumped into each other, the parted and then collided for fun into each other have some teenly fun.


Same day, different USA city with USA Pacific Time Zone...

12:02 pm
City of Los Angeles within the US State of California
74˚ Fahrenheit with parted clouds of sunshine
Memorial Hospital location
Private room setting

Inside the hospital building, in the hospital bed in stark white tinted bed linens, eighteen years old and Seventh Son of the god clan, Beck stared up at the white tinted ceiling and gasped in shock, sitting upright inside his hospital bed, scanning the unfamiliar room. "Where am I? What happened to me? Who are you?"
The registered medical nurse displayed her back spine to Beck and fiddled with the plastic bag in front of the wall, saying with a smile. "You're one lucky human, sir!" She spun around and smiled at Beck. "You were in the wrong spot at the wrong time. You were hit with a rare meteorite shower while standing inside one of the brick buildings on Rodeo Street. Do you remember the shower of meteorites, sir? A meteorite is a hard rock object that falls down from the skyline like a falling star and then usually lands down in the desert, not on top of a person. Do you recall your accident inside the building, sir?"
He opened the bed linen and looked down at his body. "Where are my clothes, nurse?"
"Your unconscious body was covered in deep bloody cuts and big, ugly bruises, sir. Honestly, I didn't think you would survive the meteorite show. But, you did."
He looked up and scanned the room. The medical hospital room was square-shaped in stark white tinted walls. The entrance wall contained a closed door in the middle of space surrounded by two white tinted walls. One side wall displayed an open door that exhibited a private lavatory. His clothes hung on the front of the metal door.
Beck slid off the bed mattress with a stern face and padded towards the lavatory door, slipping behind the metal door, slowly dressing his body. His body did not contain black tinted bruises or pink tinted wound cuts, but his body wore a set of sore muscles. He slowly rubbed his skin and examined his body, reaching up, touching his cheekbone. His cheekbone still ached from something hard. However, his active mind pondered numerous unanswered questions while listening to the nurse's information.
The nurse continued to stand in front of the table and narrated the story. "The meteorite shower appearance was sudden and quick. The local, nation, and international weather men and women are stunned at the quick development of the meteorite shower. Usually, an outer space meteorite shower is tracked and announced to the public. This meteorite shower was not tracked and was not announced to the public. The results were terrible and deadly. That day, there was not any warning. The first sign of trouble, each hanging tree limb broke off the standing tree. Of course, I was not presence there at the sight of the destruction. I heard and saw the aftermath on the television. The scientists have already created a computer generated recording about the strange weather event. That day, the clear sky of blue hue was clear. The second sign of trouble, a terrible wind storm swoop down from the sky and moved through the city street and the sidewalks overturning every single automobile including the long and heavy limousines. Isn't that bizarre? Then every person was blown up and down the sidewalks. Well, the luckier persons were lucky to be swept away with the wind storm into a safe spot. The third sign of trouble, tiny and large rocks dropped down from the sky and landed on top of everything, breaking store glass windows, automobile rooftops, pounding people on the head, cracking the sidewalks, busting the merchandise and furniture items. That day, it was so awful for people, pets, and property. Then the final sign of trouble, bolts of colored lighting struck from the sky and blasted the brick, the sidewalks, the buildings into a rumble of twisted metal, broken concrete, and bleeding water. No scientist can explain the weird weather phenomena. I can't explain it either. But some of the standing citizens who were not in the pathway of the flying deadly debris and recording the bizarre event said they actually streaks of colored balls in the sky that appeared and then disappeared within a blink of an eyelash."
 Behind the metal door inside the lavatory, Beck gasped in shock and appeared inside the archway, staring at the nurse. "What did you say?"
She looked at Beck and then frowned with annoyance. "I am not repeating my story. Were you not listening to me, young man?"
He shook his bone skull and smiled. "Yes, I was listening to your story, nurse. I would like for you to repeat the part about the colored balls. What did the colored balls like look?"
She frowned. "Colored balls."
"Did any of the survivors discuss the colored balls in more detail using color or sound or light?"
She gasped in shock. "Yes, I remember now. Each colored ball sailed with an array of bright light that glowed in the sunlight and each colored ball produced a loud boom that echoed in the skyline."
He gasped in shock. "This meteorite shower, how many people were harmed?"
She sneered. "No one was harmed."
He smiled. "That's good!"
She gasped in shock. "Over 3,000 souls were all killed from all the falling debris and numerous lighting strikes. That meteorite shower sent down flying tree limbs, large rocks, and numerous bolts of colored lighting that killed every person on the sidewalks and destroyed each automobile into a fire ball of color. Then the row of buildings on Rodeo Drive is a pile of rubble. Not one building stands in place, right now."
He frowned. "Why did the meteorite shower hit Rodeo Drive?"
She laughed. "Only the meteorite shower can answer that question, young man."
He nodded with a stern face and then shook his bone skull with confusion, rubbing his jaw line again. "I wonder why a meteorite shower would attack the city street of Rodeo Drive. That city block is filled with small and large stores of designer clothes, shoes, handbags, furniture items, jewelry," he dropped his hand and gasped in alarm, whispering for his eardrums only. "Rodeo Drive contains numerous jewelry stores. She wanted a diamond engagement ring. I needed to leave for the airport. I didn't leave for the airport. She didn't want to go to the airport either. Then I headed to the door to go to the airport. Then she appeared before me," he rubbed his jaw line again and growled in angry while whispering for his eardrums only. "Cinta, she hit me with a goddess punch. Wow! She's got a good right hook. I might extend the same invitation to her when I see that vicious goddess again." He looked up and smiled at the nurse still rubbing his cheekbone, dropping his hand and slapped his leg. "I can't remember the meteorite shower. How did I end up here inside the hospital?"
She crossed her arms and nodded with a smile. "After the meteorite shower, all of the emergency personnel were combing through the fires, the plumes of black smoke, the flood of city water, the broken concrete blocks and found you alive and bruised. They were shocked. The physicians were shocked. You were placed here inside a private room for recovery and healing, Mr. Actworth."
He gasped in shock. "How do you know my name?"
She reached back and snatched up the plastic bag on her back spine, wiggling it in front of  her smile. "I know your name from your driver's license, Mr. Actworth. And the hospital has contacted your bank. Your hospital patient bill has been paid in full, Mr. Actworth."
He faked a smile. "That's wonderful news! What was I doing inside a building on Rodeo Drive?"
"Your unconscious body had been located inside the destroyed Cartier jewelry store."
He laughed out loud and nodded with a smile. "She got her diamond engagement ring with me and without me. Bravo, Cinta! I really didn't remember the meteorite shower or the damage to the store. But, I was with my girlfriend inside the jewelry store. What is her hospital room number? Is she located beside my room?"
She frowned with confusion. "You were brought inside the emergency room alone. There was not another injured person with your person, Mr. Actworth."
He nodded. "Well, Cinta was brought into the emergency room later than my person."
"No! I told you before. The firefighters and the paramedics did not find another live person. They found lots of bloody body parts and missing body pieces from numerous dead persons. You were the only survivor of the massive destruction on Rodeo Drive inside the destroyed Cartier store."
He sneered and shook his bone skull, stomping his feet in angry. "That's not possible. My girlfriend Cinta is here somewhere in this hospital also. I know that she survived that terrible meteorite shower event also. Right now, I wanna know her exact location, before I start my own hunt here inside the hospital campus."
She whipped up her arms and wiggled her fingers, nodding to Beck. "Now, calm down, Mr. Actworth. I do believe your story. You and your girlfriend were visiting the Cartier jewelry store, when the meteorite shower occurred. Then, the building imploded and landed down on top of your head and her head. Then, you and your girlfriend somehow survived the destruction. Now, I need to leave and go and find your girlfriend. Yes, I need to leave. I'm going out that door and looking for your girlfriend, right now, Mr. Actworth. Give me a few minutes, Mr. Actworth. I will find your girlfriend." She side stepped with a fake smile and stood in front of the metal door with a nod, opening the door, sliding out from the patient room and Beck. The door slammed shut.
Beck stood in the middle of the room and slapped his dirty clothes, looking down at the pair of faded, ripped, and dirty blue jeans, a dirty red tinted tee shirt with numerous stains and tiny holes, and a pair of dull, badly scuffed and severely scratched black and red tinted cowboy boots that had protected his toe bones. He frowned down at his clothes. "Why didn't the nurse produce a set of new clothes for me? The nurse knows my name and knows my billion dollar bank account. They could have purchased me a new set of clothes for my discharge and department from the hospital. What is taking the nurse so long to find Cinta?" He looked up and rubbed his face with stress and pressure, dropping both of his clean hands, slapping the dirty jeans again. "This has been the longest day in my life. I'm tired and exhausted and wore a pair of sore muscles from my collision with rocks and bricks," he laughed. "And I don't have the human energy traveling to the country of Egypt today. I can do it tomorrow, after my rest and relaxation." He slowly moved ahead with worry and stopped, standing in front of the metal door, leaning into the cold metal. His pair of supernatural eardrums overheard the conversation outside the door.
The voice of the nurse sounded worried. "He wants to see his girlfriend."
The voice of the female physician sneered at the nurse. "The girlfriend is not here in the hospital."
"He believes his girlfriend has survived the meteorite showers."
The voice of the female sneered. "No one survived that meteorite shower. If his girlfriend was inside that jewelry store with him or beside him or on the opposite wall, then she was torn into bloody body parts. He was the only survivor of the unnatural worldly destruction."
The voice of nurse sounded with a sneer back at the physician. "I know that. You know that. He knows that. But he wants to see his girlfriend. What am I supposed to do next?"
"Do nothing!" The voice of the physician laughed.
"What!" The voice of the nurse gasped in shock.
The voice of the physician sounded with happiness. "He is my medical patient. He has somehow survived an unworldly disaster, without a single red tinted cut or a black tinted bruise. I plan to probe and poke his healthy body with all of my sharp needles and all of my poisonous toxins while trying to figure out how he works and acts and lives. Once I figure that out, I will publish my findings and become rich and famous," she laughed. "Now, you will do nothing, Nurse. He is safely sealed inside that room without any threat of escaped. There are other patients that need attention. Please go away and leave my patient alone. I'll come back and visit him in a couple of hours, after my rounds." Her footsteps veered away from the door.
Then a second set of footsteps dashed away from the metal door.
Inside the sealed room, Beck stood upright from the metal door and gasped in shock, reaching out, grabbing the door knob and then twisted. The door was locked.
Using his god powers, he could have twisted and then broken off the latch. But Beck had lectured his friend not to use their god or goddess or alien powers, which would alert the gang of nasty supernatural creatures to their location.
He back stepped from the door and sneered in angry, slowly spinning around, examining the room. Each wall was painted in stark white without an object on any wall or a row of built-in cabinets or a single built-in table surface with a single medical instrument. The forward contained a simple twin mattress on the floor without the metal legs and a single bed sheet in white hue without a sleeping pillow and a set of wrist bone and ankle bone restraints for his body.
He halted in place and growled in fury. "Each wall is solid matter, not a single window that displays the sunshine rays. This is a mental institution for an insane person, not a medical hospital for a sick patient. I hate the humans. Where is Cinta located inside this place? She is here." He closed his two eyelids and focused his god mind, quickly scanning the entire hospital campus, without seeing her goddess aura in pretty colors of green for love, blue for peace, purple for power, and gold for devotion. Then he opened his two eyelids and gasped in alarm. "She is not here," he dropped down and landed down on the hard tile, coughing in concern. "She is not here at the hospital campus. I can't find her person anywhere inside the hospital campus and outside the city limits. I can't find her. Where is she at? What happened to Cinta?" He leaned down and hit the floor sobbing with tears of sadness."No! No! No! This can't be happening. This can't be true. Cinta, she can't be dead. She is a goddess. A god or goddess does not die. A god and goddess lives foreverly. No! That's not right. No one lives forever. Everyone dies soonest or later, maybe, soonest is best!" He looked up and sneered at the far wall of white paint, swiftly standing upright from the floor, spinning around to face the forward wall that held the hospital bed. He nodded with a smile and pointed at the wall with laughter. "Now, it's time for all to die!" He raced ahead and leaped up from the floor, landing on top of the soft bed mattress, wiggling his body with loud laughter of fun. He stopped the wiggling and the laughter, sliding off the mattress, leaning down and shoved the twin mattress with his superhuman strength. The mattress sailed across the tile floor and hit the side wall with a loud thump of pain. He didn't want any human objects dropping down on top of any walking humans on the ground level, after Beck finally broke through the solid wall, falling down on the ground using his super-human strength, not his god powers. 
Beck stood upright with laughter and stared at the bed mattress, skipping sideways with silliness across the empty floor, slamming his shoulder into the rear wall. He spun around with a smile and faced the forward wall with white paint, dashing ahead and halted in front of the solid wall. He slowly twirled in a stationary circle and slammed each pocket on his torn and dirty jeans, shouting out loud inside the sealed medical room. "Dang! I need my American passport. I can't board an airplane with my American passport. I can run to my bank institution and get some money from the bank president, without my American passport. But I can't get on an airplane with my American passport. That nurse was holding my American passport inside that plastic bag in front of her face. I should have snatched my passport from her hands, before the nurse had left my hospital room." He padded ahead with worry and stopped, standing in front of the door, leaning down. He listened to the conversation.
Behind the metal door, the female voice on the physician said. "Inside this room is my patient. I want samples from his body including blood proteins, hair, skin, finger nails, toe nails, and all the other body pieces for my specimen collection. Label each part and store inside the new refrigerator inside my office."
The male voice on a new hospital nurse said. "How long has the body been dead?"
"No! No! No. The body is alive and healthy. I want healthy specimen samples, not dead ones."
"Is the body tied down?"
He voice laughed out loud. "Yes."
The voice of the male gasped. "How long has the live and healthy body been tied down on top of the bed inside this sealed room?"
"Two days..."

At 12:22 pm, inside the sealed hospital room, Beck stood upright from the metal door and gasped in alarm. "Two days, I have been unconscious for two days and two nights. Cinta has a great right hook with her goddess fist. I've been located here in this enclosed room for two days. That makes perfect sense now. Cinta had been here on this floor and then healed her goddess body and then walked out from the hospital, without me. She had duties to perform for me. So, Cinta had left the United States and now is located in the country of Egypt, like I had planned and she had obeyed my instructions. Garth had found Risa. Now, they are safe from the civil war. Cinta is safe from the civil war. I am safe, but not free. All right! I need a new plan to implement the death event. I need my passport. I can't fly on an airplane without my passport. Well, I could break down the door and hold the neck on one of the humans threatening a death act, demanding my passport. No good! That will attract too many humans to me," he spun around and looked down at the clean floor pondering his thoughts, walking around the room.
"I could break out of my sealed hospital room and then steal the driver's license from an innocent human, projecting that human's image over my physical body and then board the airplane to Egypt. That's a good plan. As long as the human victim does not report me to the local police authorities. I don't know how long it will take me to board an airplane to Egypt, without getting arrested and then escaping from the jail cell," he laughed and continued to walk in a large circle while pondering his thoughts, looking down at the floor. "Geez! My missing passport has screwed up all of my well-planned plans," he frowned and then stopped walking, looking up at the metal door, snapping his fingers. He smiled. "I know. I can pretend to be asleep and then knock out that male nurse and steal back my passport from that other hospital nurse. Yeah, that's a great plan. No one gets harmed and I get to leave from the hospital," he scooted sideways and slammed his leg into the naked twin mattress, sliding the item back into the middle space on the forward wall, jumping down on top of the bed without the bed sheet. He stared up at the white ceiling and smiled with delight. "Once I steal back my American passport and my personal wallet with my money, I do not need to ran to the bank," he chuckled. "I will run to the airport instead and purchase an airplane ticket to the country of Egypt," he exhaled with worry. "I got a lot of stuff to do, before I can execute the death event and kill all of the nasty god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind, who are not my kindly kin. My godly team is waiting on me now. I gotta fly to the tourist attraction Ancient City of Karnak and find an intact obelisk first and open the dirty thing up grabbing nine...eight...six...three golden tinted benben stones. Then, I gotta fly four or five different airplanes and finish my second task. Place a single benben stone on the tip on each pyramid, one in England, and then the mountain pyramid in Greenland, and then the man-made pyramid in Tennessee that will stream the electricity from the Great Pyramid benben stone through the air waves and down into the Birmingham electrical field," he puffed out sour air bubbled. "After I crown each pyramid with gold, then I gotta caught a different plane and fly down to the city of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama. Then I gotta build that electric field. Then, I finally can open the mirror cloud portal and like the fireworks begin," he softly chuckled and rubbed his face with both hands, slapping his hands down on top of the cool bed sheets. "This is going to take long, long hours and long, long days and maybe an entire week to do by my selfie. I am alone and lonely. I miss my girlfriend Cinta. I miss my other friends Risa and Garth," he slapped the bed sheet again. "Now, if I could use my Seventh Son god powers that I had been birthed with, then I could break through that wall like a canon ball, fly through the air waves like a bird, land down on the soil in Karnak like an airplane, break open the obelisk wall like a sledge hammer, and then steal the nine...six...three golden hats. Then I would lift up from the soil like a helicopter and fly back through the air like bird and drop down each benben stone on top of each pyramid like a fighter bomber. Then I would fly and land down in Birmingham, Alabama in the same day. Geez! I perform all of the tasks without my American passport or my American monies within a couple of hours using my god powers. However, using one tiny ounce of my god powers will alert the nasty gang of evil god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind to my presence and my present location. So, I can't use my god powers for anything until this mess is done. I wished Garth was here with me. He comes up with good ideas. Wait!" He sat upright with a gasp on top of the bed mattress and stared at the metal door, sliding off the mattress, dashing ahead with worry. He stopped and stood in front of the door, hearing a tiny click from the latch. The lock was unlocked. The nurse was returning back into the room.
Beck spun around and slammed his back spine with a stern face against the closed door while holding the nurse inside the hallway and outside his room. He stared at the far wall of white tinted paint and nodded with a stern face. "Garth had abandoned my plans and left me alone to implement my plans. How did he go and get Risa? She was located inside the secret Alien Headquarters base camp. He and I did not know the location of the secret Alien Headquarters base camp. O! Garth didn't go to the secret Alien Headquarters base camp. So, he created a slick nosily divergent in another city, not there in the city of Los Angeles," he nodded. "If Garth had left out from the abandoned house in Los Angeles near Rodeo Drive, then our enemies would have found him. No! That's not right! We can leave from any city in peace. When we land down into the a new place, they follow us. No. That's not right either!" he rubbed his face. "I'm getting so confused. When we drop down and land into a new city, they find us and then fight us. Once we create a new mirror cloud portal and leave the new city, they can't follow us, because we close up our mirror cloud portal. Yeah, that's how it works. If we didn't close up our side of the mirror cloud portal, then they could follow us into the next city and continue the nasty fight. So, Garth did not leave through a mirror cloud portal. Yes, he did. He just closed it up. No, he didn't. Else, the nasty gang of god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind would have invaded Los Angeles and then destroyed the city. So, Garth took a car or a train or an airplane and then left the city of Los Angeles like a traveling human. Then, he teleported from the moving transport to the new city. Teleportation! Teleportation! Teleportation does not trace the god or alien powers. Well, technically it does, but the trace is so tiny that only a god hunter could find it. And all the god hunters are dead, not buried, but exist in nothingness. So, smart Garth teleported from a moving transports away from the city of Los Angeles and then landed down someplace else in America. He set up a fake fight at the new place and allowed his alien powers to shine and float through the stratosphere. That's how our enemies found his presence and his location including brain-washed Risa. So, Garth kidnapped Risa and turned her back into his girl. Wow! That's great, Garth! I wished that I could go to your secret spot and congratulate you, but I can't. So, how does Garth alien method assist me here? If I teleport from the hospital room, then land down at the ancient city of Karnak first, collecting all of the needed benben stones. But, my god powers will leave a trace or a scent in the air waves as I sweat and work in the dust and dirt. Then, they will come to Karnak and not find me but figure out my plan. That's not good! I can't do that. I'll spoil my surprise for my enemies. So, I must get my American passport and my American money and fly like a human to each tourist destination accomplishing my plan within three to four days. Wow! I'm back at first base, without a hot date," he laughed out loud to the far wall of solid paint in white.

At 12:32 pm, outside in the empty hallway, the nurse twisted the door knob with puzzlement and whispered for her eardrums only. "The door is turning. The lock is unlatched. Why isn't the door swinging open? I don't understand. It must be stuck for some reason. The hospital is an ancient piece of property." She started to shove her shoulder onto the metal door and grunted out loud.
Inside the room with the unlocked latch but a blocked door, Beck smiled at the far wall, "Well, I should let the nurse inside and steal back my personal possessions and knock her out, using my god-speed and leaving the building. Then I need to start my task list," He continued to stand and block the metal door. "Yeah, that's the best plan right now. Maybe, I could reduce the number of benben stones on top of each pyramid down into two pyramid. Yeah, I can do that. A wave of electricity can cross the massive Atlantic Ocean within macro-seconds like a lightning bolt coming down from a severe thunderstorm without the loud booms. I can eliminate the mountainous pyramid within the country of Greenland. Yes, that would work. Then the wave of electricity will start at the Great Pyramid and float through the air waves, hitting down on the benben stone in the country of England that is closest to the ocean waters. Then the wave of electricity bounces upright and soars through the sky and over the ocean waters, landing on top of the benben stone in the US State of Tennessee. Then, the wave of electricity bounces from Tennessee and then lands down on top of the electric field in Birmingham, Alabama. Done! Wait! Do I really need the pyramid in the country of England? The wave of electricity coming from the Great Pyramid in the country of Egypt can jump across the ocean waters and then follow the benben stone landing right smash down in the US State of Tennessee. Then, the wave can move from Tennessee down into Alabama, a two hour trip by car and an eyelash blink down to Alabama. Yeah, that works wonderfully. I just eliminated another benben stone and pyramid."
He continued to lean into the closed door using his god strength and laughed out loud at the far wall.

At 12:35 pm, outside in the busy hallway, the hospital nurse had contacted some additional help with the jammed metal door into the patient's room. A line of four bulky males were shoving on the closed metal door with a set of loud grunts. However, the door did not move. One of the males stood upright from the door and wiped off his sweaty face, spinning around to the nurse, winking with a smile. "I'll go and get my tool box. We will remove all of the metal bolts on the door frame and then lift the jammed door from the archway. Then three of us can go inside and restrain that violent patient while you get all of your body specimens. How's that, nurse?"
The hospital nurse stood on the opposite side and clapped with a smile at the smart engineer. "Yes, that's an excellent idea, sir." The engineer rushed away from the door with the other three males, running down the hallway with the new job.

At 12:36 pm, inside the hospital room with an unlocked latch and a blocked door by super human Beck, he smiled at the far wall like a friend. "Wait! I got a brilliant idea here. I could eliminate the man-made pyramid in Tennessee also. Then, the wave of electricity could start at the Great Pyramid in Egypt and float directly in the air waves and then across the Atlantic oceans waters and then land down on top of the electric field within seconds or maybe, one second of time. I need to calculate these new mathematical numbers," he laughed out loud at the far wall and then gasped in shock. "Wait! Why am I performing all of this needless thinking? Why didn't Garth correct me here? Well, Garth was worrying about his girl Risa," he gasped in shock and slapped his chest. "I did that. I can't believe that I did that. I can up the idea of sending one of inside the Alien Headquarters. Then we decided that it would be Risa, his love, his girl. I am so wrong. I didn't have to do that. I am sorry, Garth. No one you abandoned me and my plans to find your girl. Risa is a lucky woman to have and hold you. I didn't have to use Risa. I hope both of you are okay and happy now." He exhaled with worry and closed his two eyelashes. "Please let my new plan work! And please let Garth, Risa, and Cinta had a new happy life without the set of nasty god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind." He did not bother to open his eyelids and performed a god teleportation from the floor inside his private hospital room, disappearing from the hospital campus.

At 12:37 pm, outside the busy hallway, the engineer had returned with his tool box and finished removing the last bolt from the metal door, lifting up the door, peeking inside the patient's room. The other males rushed into the room and stood next to the entrance wall.
The nurse dashed ahead and entered the room, stopping a few feet from the open archway, scanning the room. "Where is he? O no! He left his room and jammed the door with his tricky ways. The insane patient is out from his room. Call out a Red Fire truck alert to the staff members! We must find this insane patient, before he harms his person or another person," she spun around with worry and shouted out loud to the other hospital staff members.

Back inside the Alien Headquarters, at the Yellowstone Park location, within the US State of Wyoming, at mountain time zone of 01:38 pm, in front of the open hole on the side glass wall, one of the goddess-kind acted as the announcer of the Race, shouting out loud over the nosily crowd inside the first floor level hallway. "Who is the next couple to try and run the Race event? Step up, step in, and then step down! It's easy!" She laughed out loud and watched the crowd. No other paranormals moved towards the open holed. "Is this a new couple of participates? This is the last call for the Race event today. Is there a new couple of participate for the last Race?"
Risa slammed into Garth and hugged his body, shouting out loud. "Listen!"
The voice of the goddess-kind shouted out loud. "This is the last call for the Race event today."
Risa gasped in shock and excitement. "The announcer is calling for the last couple of participates. That's me and you! Are you ready?"
"Freddy!" Garth laughed. Risa skated first from the corner wall and pulled the hand on Garth through the crowd, accidentally colliding into the upright goddess-kind in front of the hole. The goddess hit the side glass wall and bounced back sneering at alien Risa.
Garth quickly rolled around Risa and then slammed into the goddess on purpose. The goddess hit the glass wall again biting her tongue and bounced back into tall Garth, spitting her blood, sneering at the alien. Garth leaned down and growled into the face on the goddess. "Back down, bitch! Before I enjoy using all of my talented alien powers on your pretty face." The goddess back stepped and continued to sneer at Garth. He squatted down and crawled through the opening first, standing upright on top of the platform, facing the glass wall and winked at his girl Risa.
Risa slowly crawled through the opening with worry and slowly stood upright, hugging onto Garth, facing the glass wall. "I'm nervous."
"I'm not!" He dropped down with her through the glass platform folding his waistline, cuddling her back spine and her butthole into his chest and waistline.
They soared down the glass slide backwards flying faster than light speed that could not be measured by a human or an alien instrument. They could not hear the roar of the excited crowd in front of the glass tower, the numerous loud squawks from the flock of flying birds, the loud growls from the hungry cougars or any other sound but their individual heartbeats and the mighty wind currents that bombarded each eardrum.
Their two bodies sped down the slope hitting the flattened glass sheet and then hit the magical first orange colored door with the butthole on Garth. Garth and Risa exited onto the first colored band of orange hue, standing on top of a single red tinted skate board.
Risa screamed in panic and squatted down on both of her kneecaps while balancing her folded body on top of the skateboard, without falling off the object or landing down in the heated band of water. Garth shifted away from Risa without falling off his new ride and then balanced his folded body upright on top of a second red colored skateboard, sliding his hand down her arm, holding her hand.
They twirled around each other using their individual alien powers and then spun around facing forward, seeing the orange tinted band and skated swiftly around the curvy pathway. In the stadium seats and on the first floor level, the crowd of gods, goddess, and aliens were cheering and clapping for the new couple with glee.
Garth and Risa quickly completed the curvy pathway and hit the second magical yellow tinted door, exiting onto the yellow tinted band of heated water. Both of them were sweaty from nervousness and heated waves of water, wiping off their face with the other hand while wobbling side to side on top of an individual gray colored unicycle. They held each other hand which was the requirement of staying in the Race and reduced down their forward speed less than light speed, if that was possible, and continued to paddle on the two individual foot holders, smoothly gliding around the yellow tinted band of heated water without smiling or waving to the crowd. In the stadium seats and on the first floor level, the crowd of gods, goddess, and aliens were cheering and clapping for the new couple with delight.
They plowed into the third magical red tinted door and exited onto the red tinted band of water next, wearing a pair of ice skates in glittering golden tone. They cuddled each other and giggled at the fun event, skating with fun, gliding sideways and then spun around and skated backwards. They moved around the red tinted band of water with ease.
In the stadium seats, the crowd of gods, goddess, and aliens were cheering and clapping for the new couple with delight. On the first floor level, the paranormals were bouncing up and down, clapping and cheering for the new couple with happiness.
Garth and Risa spun around and faced the next magical door, holding their hands, hitting the green tinted door and exited the door, wearing a single scooter in silver and blue colors. They continued to hold their hands and raced around the green tinted band of heated water. They moved so fast that they could only hear their individual heart beat that was blasting inside each eardrum.
In the stadium seats, the crowd of gods, goddess, and aliens were cheering and clapping for the new couple with anticipation of victory. On each glass floor level, every paranormal was watching and bouncing up and down with claps and cheers for the new couple with anticipation of a winning couple.
They completed the green tinted pathway and hit the next magical door in the color of blue hue, exiting through the door on top of an individual green and red colored four-wheeled terrain vehicle. A smooth finger pad on each hand continued to touch each other without parting or separating the body connection as they slowly traveled around the blue tinted band of heated water.
In the stadium seats, the crowd of gods, goddess, and aliens were cheering and clapping for the new couple with victory. On each glass floor level, every paranormal was watching and bouncing up and down with claps and cheers for the new couple with success.
Garth and Risa slowly completed the blue tinted band of heated water and hit the next magical door in indigo hue, exiting through the archway, rolling a pair of naked feet on top of an individual sideways, chopped up tree trunk log with brown tinted tree trunk bark. Risa screamed in pain as her two naked feet continued to slam and move the cut log over the smooth glass sheet of indigo hue while producing blood from each one of her soles.
Garth gritted his teeth and rolled the log even with Risa still holding her hand without parting, producing blood on his pair of naked soles also. They slowly rolled around the indigo band of heated water in pain with grit, not giving up. There was one more colored band of heated water. If they could continue their forward motion in their blood and sweat, then Risa and Garth would both together drop down into the center of the boiling lake, finding the valuable treasure.
In the stadium seats, the crowd of gods, goddess, and aliens were cheering and clapping for the new couple with victory. On each glass floor level, every paranormal was watching and bouncing up and down with claps and cheers for the new couple with success.
They completed the indigo band of heated water and hit the last magical door in pretty bright violet hue, wearing a twisted smile of pain and happiness, exiting through the archway on a pair of tin cans that were used to store cooked vegetables and fruits. Each tin can was silver colored tin and smooth on each bloody and cut foot sole.
Risa and Garth continued to hold hands and slowly rolled the pair of tin cans in perfect rhythm over the violet colored band of heated water, without separating but smiling at each other. They were almost done with the Race and needed to finish traveling over the pretty colored violet band of heated wall. Then something wonderful would happen to them.
In the stadium seats, the crowd of gods, goddess, and aliens were cheering and clapping for the new couple for the win. On each glass floor level, every paranormal was watching and bouncing up and down with claps and cheers for the new couple with victory success.
They turned the curve and continued to roll ahead without seeing a new door or a new window or a new upright object on top of the violet tinted band of heated wall, reaching the center of the pond. Then they dropped down through a hidden hole within the boiling pond water and disappeared from the Race course, screaming in fear. They swiftly descended down in-between circular walls of yellow tinted compact dirt and solid tan colored rock and landed down on top of hard soil with screams of fear and a loud thump on each butthole producing a harmless plume of yellow dust around their bodies and inside the new room. 
Risa continued to sit on top of the hard dirt and sneered at the un-fun descend.
Garth slowly stood upright with a smile and wiped off the dirt from his race suit, slowly moving around the small room, examining each wall. "What is this place?"
"This is the secret chamber or cave or cavern with gold, silver, and gem stones that everyone was talking about," she slowly stood upright from the dirt and wiped off her sweaty face and her dirty clothes with a sour frown without viewing the cave.
The circular cave displayed both tan tinted rock and yellow tinted dirt spots which had been nicely curved by Mother Nature or the hand of a paranormal, not a human.
Garth moved ahead and touched one side of the circular wall, feeling the accumulated moisture of water coming from the set of underground fresh streams and the gathered heat from the geysers that lived peacefully underneath the land surface. The place was safe at the moment for them. But Garth was worried and wondered about an exit point. They ran the Race course and found the center spot, falling down through the fiery lake down into an empty chamber inside the hot springs. He didn't see a single gold nugget or a vein of sliver mineral or a loose gem stone on the floor or the dirt wall.
Garth stood in place and viewed three distant open holes around the cave that led into a new chamber within the center cave, exhaling with nervousness. "Do you feel nervous in here, Risa?"
She looked up and snarled at the dirt and rock wall, without precious stones or minerals. Risa did not feel happy or celebration but annoyance and frustration with her fantastic feat of completing the Race. "No! I feel heated, sweaty, hot, dirty, hungry, tired, exhausted ..."
"A god or a goddess does not eat, sleep or pee." He laughed.
She slapped her chest and then coughed from the flying dust balls. "I am not a god or a goddess. I am an alien. I like to eat food. I need to eat food. I wanna eat food. I wanna get outta of here for food. We won the Race. Where is our victory reward and our victory party? I don't see anything but dirt and rock and rock and dirt and three holes in the cave that lead to some other place but here. Yeah, our victory party must be in there." She picked the center hole and slowly moved ahead with a smile.
He gasped in shock and viewed her back spine. "Don't go, Risa! Stay here with me! We will work together and find the exit point. I don't want you to get lost and away from me. We worked really hard at staying together, not apart. Risa!"
Her voice echoed back through the cave to Garth and as Risa continued to move ahead with a smile. "We are not apart, Garth. There are three different entrances inside the central cave, where you stand and breath and do nothing, right now. Each one needs to be explored and must hold the exit point, for exit into the woodlands and for our escape. Go! Go! Go right now! I wanna get outta of here, right now. You go and explore another cave mouth. When I finish my exploration here, I'll return back to the central cave and explore the third one. I do believe that the Race event is a fake event that only entertains the masses from rioting against their ugly leader. Once we find no evidence of gold, silver or gems and report back to the masses, they will revolt and rebel against that Alien King," she laughed.
Inside the central cave, Garth heard the wise words from his girl Risa and nodded with a smile, shouting back to her. "Okay! I'll go and explore one of the other openings." He continued to stand and viewed the two entranceways, moving to the one on the side wall and then halted in place. He spun around and shook his bone skull, whispering for his eardrums only. "Something is calling me into this cavern, not the other one. It must the talking gold nuggets. I am an alien and I am sensitive to gold too." He laughed out loud and slowly moved ahead through the archway, viewing more tan colored solid rock and yellow tinted dirt spots, curving around a smooth wall and then halted with a gasp.
The new chamber room was smaller than the central cave and square-shaped in form. Three of the solid walls were covered in large spots of either hard compact yellow tined dirt or tan colored rock, without a single crooked embedded veins of gold, silver, or another mineral from Mother Earth.
In front of the forward wall of solid dirt and rock spots, a glittering silver-tinted circular gigantic web stood in the middle of wall which was attached on each side of the wall with a matching web knob. The web resembled a gigantic spider's web with a female in the middle of the design.
"Cinta!" Garth moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of the web, staring at her face. "What are you doing inside that spider's web and inside this cave, that is located underground from the Earth's surface? Is there really a live gigantic spider that lives here with you? Are the catch of the day?" He laughed with silliness at his sister.
Cinta had always been troublemaker within his alien family clan, since her birth. And, today, she continued to entertain his fancy, with all of his dead alien family members.
Hanging on the spider's web, his sister Cinta sneered at her brother Garth first and displayed a dirty, partially torn designer red tinted short jacket and a pair of matching dirty and slightly ripped walking shorts with a pair of bare feet, frowning with worry and disgust. "No! I do not live here. And a spider does not live here either. Get me down right now! I'm glad to see you here. Why are you here inside this cave, Garth?"
Garth stood in place and did not touch the man-made spider's web, examining the strand with his pair of alien eyeballs. "Why are you so pale or pink or pooped? Where is your fiancé Beck? The last time I checked you were dress shopping on Ro-dee-o Drive, in the city of Los Angeles within the US State of California, not chasing after me. How did you get here inside this dark tiny cave at Yellowstone National Park in the US State of Wyoming or Montana or another place but L.A?"
She frowned and scanned the room. "Where is here? I really didn't know where I'm located. Beck is back at the abandoned house and mad at me. Thus, he would not come and rescue me, even if I asked him." Cinta did not want to tell the truth. Garth was a fair alien and did not like losers or fibbers or tattlers or lazy individuals.
Cinta had disobeyed Beck and refused to travel to the country of Egypt to do something. Then she had hit Beck in the face with her goddess strength that knocked him unconscious. Then she and an unconscious Beck had taken the rented limousine to the jewelry shop, where their enemies had appeared for some reason and then captured Cinta, not Beck. Beck had not stood up and fought for his girlfriend either.
Garth exhaled with worry and continued to examine the spider's web with Cinta. "Well, he is your boyfriend and your future husband. Why is Beck mad at you, Cinta? What have you done or not done, this time? What have you done to your hair strands? The reddish color looks really good. Your hair matches your pink tinted skin tone too," Garth laughed out loud and reached up, grabbing one of glittering silver strands, jerking the material backwards and then gasped in shock. The web strand did not bend or move or shift or shuffle or dance or shiver from his Seventh Son powerful alien touch.
She continued to hang onto the web and exhaled with annoyance. "Well, I was supposed to go and do something for Beck. But I didn't wanna go and do something for Beck. So, I left and went shopping instead. You didn't address my question first, big brother. Why are you here, Garth? I'm more stunned to see you than you are to see me."
"I am stunned to see you at the Alien Headquarters." He planted both naked feet in the dirt and reached up, grabbing at the same single strand of glittering silver-tined web, jerking backwards with all of his mighty strength on the unique material, gritting his teeth.
She gasped. "What! What are you doing here at the Alien Headquarters? How did you find this place? I thought the Alien Headquarters was hidden and not found."
He exhaled with worry and released both of his hands, stumbling backwards from his effort and then halted a few inches from Cinta. He did not again break the single strand of web and stared at the web with silence puzzlement. "I do not obey orders either coming from Beck. He came up with a grand plan of riding the world of our enemies by building an electric field of live electricity currents that will kill each god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind. However, Risa is still brainwashed, without remembering her original alien princess memory, and is still located here with our enemies. So, I had abandoned Beck and his plans too. I came here looking for Risa."
"Did you find her?"
"Garth!" Risa turned the wall corner and moved ahead with a smile and then stopped, standing beside his nose profile.
Inside the spider's cave, Cinta gasped in shock and continued to hang on the spider's web in silence, watching Risa.
Garth stood in place and winked at Cinta in silence.
Risa turned and scanned the new room. "I finished searching the first cave. There isn't an exit point or any gold or silver or gem stones there either. This place is fake and felony. Do you finish searching this cave? I don't see much inside here either. Okay! We can go and finish searching the last cave."
"I do not see an exit point or gold or silver or gem stones or a spider's web or a girl hanging around the wall, darling," he laughed and stared at Cinta. "Can you go alone, Risa? I wanna stand here and chill!"
Risa returned back and smiled at the nose profile on Garth. "I see nothing here either. I'll leave you and go search the third cave," she spun around and growled with fury. "There better be an exit point in there. I'm not too tired to fight against everyone," she disappeared around the wall corner, leaving Cinta and Garth.
On the wall inside the web, Cinta stared at the wall in confusion. "Risa didn't notice me. Risa seemed to obey your silly commands. Why is that, Garth? Risa didn't seem to know you as my brother Garth, but she had called you as Garth. Is her mental mind restored back to normal? Did you store her mental mind back already? Are you ready to leave with Risa right now?" She returned back and nodded to Garth.
He shook his bone skull at Cinta. "No! I did nothing. Risa is still brainwashed. I am projecting an image of a tall handsome alien male with black hair and dark skin, so the others did not notice me here at the Alien Headquarters, which keeps my life force safe. However, I suspect here that you are hidden from the others, but not me. Someone has projected an image over you inside this cave, which is blind to the rest of the gods, goddess, aliens, and my girl Risa for your safety or their safekeeping. The false projection is not blind to Seventh Son from any clan. Who did this to you, Cinta? What do they want with you?"
"Why can you see me and not the others, big brother? They don't want me. They want to find Beck."
He slapped his chest and smiled. "I am a Seventh Son with Seventh son powers. You can't hide from me and my Seventh Son powers. That's a big sign that they know Beck and his image and his name. However, which god or goddess or alien hung you here to dry out, Cinta?"
She frowned. "Why are you located here at the hidden Alien Headquarters?"
He nodded. "I came here to find Risa. And I did. Once I can privately restore her original memories, we will leave the Alien Headquarters. But I just find her yesterday."
She gasped. "Yesterday! How long have you been here at the Alien Headquarters?"
He frowned. "How long have you been here at the Alien Headquarters?"
She frowned. "What is the day, date, and time here?"
He looked up and stared at the ceiling on the cave while his mind absorbed the weather elements through the cave ceiling and into the daylight atmosphere. He returned back and smiled at her. "The month is December. The date is the fourteen and the day of Saturday, the last day of the week on the Gregorian calendar. The time is twenty-three minutes after one in the afternoon Mountain Time Zone."
"Smart-hole! I was busy shopping in Los Angeles on Friday morning. So, I've been hanging down from here about twenty-four hours. Get me down, right now, Garth!" Her body wiggled but her motion did not affect the web or her position. Cinta continued to yell in frustration. "When did you arrive at the Alien Headquarters? The last time I saw you. You were sleeping on the dirty sofa inside the living room sorta near Beck. When did you leave Los Angeles?" She gasped in shock. "How did you leave the city of Los Angeles? We're not supposed to use our goddess powers. Why did you use your alien powers? O! That's how you ended up here with me," she giggled with delight.
Garth studied the web and reached up, touching two strands on the web, jerking backwards with all of his strength. The web or the two strands did not flinch with movement. He squatted down and reached out, touching two different strands with each hand, jerking backwards with his strength. The lower portion of the gigantic web or the two strands did not shift with movement either. He sat back on his butthole and examined the silver-tinted material on each glittering strand. "No! I did not use my alien powers in the house or near the house in the Los Angeles. I boarded a plane on Friday, the 13th and created an usual event that had scared all of the humans and then I teleported from my flying airplane seat and landed down in a different USA city. Then I watched and waited on our nasty god, goddess, and alien enemies to come and find me. Then I found them and Risa. I am acting as one of them. I have an image projection over my real face and body. So, they did not notice me. I can't break one single strand on this strange web formation. I guess you're stuck here, until Beck comes and rescues you, Cinta," He stood upright from the dirt and smiled at her.
She sneered and mouth spat on Garth, missing his face, shouting out loud in fury. "Get me outta of here right now, Garth!"
He nodded with laughter and reached out, grabbing each one of her crooked arms at her bicep, gently yanking on her body, pulling backwards with his alien powers.
She screamed out loud in pain and wiggled without movement. "Stop! Stop it! Don't! Don't do that! You're hurting my arms. I'm not moving or shifting from this thing. This thing feels like glue on my body. You can't pull me off of here. Do something else that causes less pain to me, Garth!"
He released her arms and back stepped, studying Cinta. "Can you fall forwards through the web?"
"No!" She frowned.
"Can you fall backwards through the web?"
"No!"
He stared at her hand. "Can you move your hand?"
"No!"
He looked down and stared at her foot. "Can you move your foot?"
"No!"
He smiled down at her toe, "Can you move your toe bone?"
Cinta shouted out loud in fury. "No! I cannot move any of my body parts, Get me outta of here, Garth!"
He looked up and stared at her finger. "Can you move your..." he gasped in shock and reached out, pointing at her ring."What is that thing on your left hand and your ring finger?"
She gasped in shock. Cinta had been wearing the new diamond engagement ring during the short and sweet battle with the group of god-kind and goddess-kind and alien-kind. Then the Alien King had grabbed her body and knocked her unconscious, placing Cinta here for some reason.
On the center of the spider's web, Cinta could not wiggle her finger but the gigantic diamond stone gleamed in the dull artificial overhead lamps.
Garth sneered. "Cinta, what is that diamond engagement ring doing on your finger? For months, you have been nagging to Beck for a diamond engagement ring. Now, after months of escape, during our civil war between the good and bad paranormals, you dare to wear a new sparkling diamond engagement ring. Where did the ring come from?"
"The jewelry store ..."
"Cinta!"
She exhaled with worry and nodded with a stern face. "All right! Okay! Beck told me about his grand plans to rid the world of our enemies. Then he gave me cash money for the upcoming trip. But he wanted me to board an airplane and fly to Egypt and do something. I don't remember what I was supposed to do. But he had written the instructions in a letter for me to read and then do. Well, I found out that Beck is really a billionaire with billions of dollars in the bank. So, I wanted to go and purchase my diamond engagement ring, before I want on my world trip. Beck refused to come with me. So, I wanted to the jewelry store first, before my upcoming world trip. So, I got really mad and hit him with my goddess punch in the face."
He frowned and then laughed. "Did you knock him out?"
She frowned. "Beck was unconscious for a little while. Then he pretended to be asleep and ignored me. Is he the only paranormal male left on the entire planet to marry, Garth?"
"There is me!" He laughed.
She nodded. "We both went to the jewelry store. I purchased my new diamond engagement ring. The end."
"You purchased!" He shook his bone skull. "No, Cinta! That is not the end of your story. Beck refused to purchase you a gigantic diamond engagement ring, because enormous some of his money funds would alert our enemies."
She growled. "No! That statement is false, Garth. During my two day shopping spree, I spent millions of dollars on his credit card for all of my designer clothes. I was not attacked by our enemies, at that time."
"So, how did you really end up here? What happened to you?"
She exhaled with worry. Garth was going to become mad at her at first and then he would help her. She nodded. "We were inside the jewelry store. I have selected lots of jewelry and ready to pay. The nasty human store manager refused to use Beck's credit card unless Beck signed the sales receipt. Beck was playing games with me and pretended to asleep and refused to sign the sales receipt for all of my new jewelry and my new diamond engagement ring. So, I ..."
"You did not."
"I did so."
"You did it."
She nodded with worry. "I did it. I changed the name on his credit card to Mrs. Beck Actworth..."
"... with your goddess powers." He frowned. "Geez, Cinta! How many times did we tell you not to use your goddess powers for your safety? Once you magical twitched that human plastic credit card, your goddess powers quickly drifted up into the stratosphere and found our enemies. They knew your presence and your present location. So, they came and nabbed you. Now, I understand the fairy tale. But I can't figure out how to get you outta of the demon web. This material is not human or animal or plant or insect or natural or bending to my will," he frowned.
She frowned. "What are you going to do next, Garth?"
He nodded. "Who placed your body against the spider's web here? The strands are glittering and sticky like sparkling glue strands. What materials did they use to create the web?"
She sneered. "The Alien King kidnapped me and flew us away from Los Angeles. I barely remember landing on the ground. I barely remembered hanging here in the web. But I did awaken this morning and he was standing there, staring at me."
"What is he like?"
She smiled. "He looks like a Reptilian alien, who shaves off his green tinted scales, every morning, and then showers his body in white paint." She laughed with Garth.
He nodded. "Well, that would explain the stronger web than me. The Reptilian alien race comes from the ancient Anunnaki breeding farm at the beginning of time here on Planet Earth. They had eaten the original human children in ancient times and they have not stopped their vicious appetite of young children, during the present times. You are really lucky that the alien didn't eat your bones and flesh, Cinta. Even, some are fallen watcher angels that hated the Source, hate the Anunnaki reptilian race, much more. Some of promoted demons, that hated Satan, more than the Source, also hate the upright reptilians too. The race of the Reptilian aliens are all dangerous and wanna divide the humans, the gods, the goddess, the aliens, the animals and the insects and conquer the world. If the Alien King is really one of the ancient ancients, then he is a very powerful paranormal. I don't think my Seventh Son magic can undo his wicked stuff on you and this web trap, Cinta."
She screamed in panic and fury. "I want outta of here, Garth! Do something!"
"I am ..." He wobbled side to side from the shifting dirt and gasped in fear.
"Garth!" Risa yelled out loud within the cave property.


Same day, different world city with Egypt time...

At 10:00 pm, in the dark sky over the city of lighted city of Giza within the country of Egypt, an oval-shaped glittering cloud with pink, yellow, pale blue, pale green, silver sparks appeared 35,000 feet above the earth soil of orange tint. A single object dived through the air waves and soared down towards the soil without stopping, diving down through the hard earth, digging a small tunnel towards the single object. Beck used his body like a garden shovel and halted a few inches from the benben stone of gold, reaching out, yanking the item from its warm grave. He used his god talents and flew backwards by his booted soles through the same dirt tunnel, exiting onto the land surface. He stood upright on top of the soil and laughed out loud with his victory, shaking the dirt off his body and the benben stone, viewing the nighttime sky and twinkling stars. He gasped in shock and slowly twirled around the dirt. "Why is nighttime here? O yeah! The country of Egypt is seven hours ahead of the United States of America. The east coast time zone is a little before three in the afternoon. So, it is almost midnight here." He stopped and faced the Great Pyramid of Giza, smiling at the alien-made object, not from a human hand. He tossed the benben stone of gold in the air, hitting the tip on the ancient pyramid with accurately, waiting for the outcome.
The ancient machine didn't take long to warm up her engines either. The earth rumbled. The river water boiled. The air waves filled with yellow tinted sulfur. The wind roared in fury. The sky remained dark.
Beck gasped in worry and spun around, diving his head and body back down into his hand-made tunnel, crawling down through the dirt floor while praying for safety. He hit the location of the benben stone grave site.
Outside in the air current, on top of the Great Pyramid, the shiny ancient benben stone of gold quickly melted at 10,000 degrees of heat and released a plume of intense upward stream of brightest yellow-white tinted electricity that soared in the dark sky, through the rolling white clouds, and directly into the black tinted outer space waves. The other smaller pyramid blasted off each tip point and emitted a wave of yellow-white tinted electricity that veered towards the main stream and then illuminated the dark sky for miles and miles in rolls of pink green, orange, yellow and red streams of live currents.
One at a time, a tiny colored ball dove down from the mirror cloud portal and then violently collided into that upright massive yellow tinted wave of electricity quickly disintegrating each ball, without mercy and sound but pretty light and peaceful silence.

Back in the United States of America, at the Alien Headquarters, inside the underground Yellowstone park cavern, Mountain Time Zone of 02:03 pm, in the US State of Wyoming, the earth stopped its movement.
Risa appeared with happiness and stood beside the side wall, slapping her chest, dancing side to side. She puffed out heavy breathes. "The earthquake did it. Now, the central cave, where we landed first, is displaying a big hole within the dirt ceiling. This is the exit point. Did you feel it?"
Garth turned and nodded with a smile to Risa. "Yeah, I felt it. The earth moved. What is happening up there?"
She motioned for him and nodded with a smile. "Come quick and look at this! The hole in the ceiling leads directly up inside the glass tower." She spun around and led Garth. Risa still could not see Cinta, who wore a projection image of a solid wall of yellow tinted dirt.
"What!" He dashed ahead with confusion and followed Risa.
"Garth!" Cinta shouted out loud and did not wiggle on the spider's web, feeling worry and fear, while Risa could not hear the scream of distress and panic from her friend Cinta.
Garth and Risa left the cave with Cinta and entered the central cave, standing together underneath an open hole.
Garth looked up and smiled seeing each glittering glass floor starting with the first level that led upwards the top floor. "Wow! This is really the exit point for escaping the tunnel. This is an underground tunnel that must have veered us around the hot springs and over to the side walls, without meeting any of the hidden boiling streams of death," he laughed.
"Garth!" Cinta shouted out loud while still calling for her brother to save her.
Inside the central cave, Risa looked up with a smile and pointed through the hole. "I see them. I feel different." She touched her temple and softly spoke to no one. "I hear. I obey." She lifted up both of her arms into the air and started to fly up from the dirt. He gasped in shock and leaned over, hugging her body with confusion, holding her body down on top of the dirt. She screamed out loud and struggled within his chest, trying to lift up from the dirt, viewing the open hole. "I hear. I obey."
He frowned and continued to cuddle her. "What are you talking about, Risa?"
She smiled. "I hear the words."
"What words? I don't hear any words." Garth frowned but his name coming from his sister in the other cave.
"Garth!" Cinta shouted out loud while still calling for her brother to save her.
Inside the central cave, Risa continued to struggle with Garth and stared into the hole with a smile. "I hear the words. I obey the commands."
He yelled in word. "What words? What commands?"
"I hear. I obey."
"Tell me the words! Tell me the commands, Risa!" He said.
"Garth!" Cinta shouted out loud while still calling for her brother to save her.
Risa smiled at the open hole in the ceiling cave and viewed each paranormal leaving the glass tower. "Go through the mirror cloud portal and attack and kill the outlaws. Come now and go through the mirror cloud portal and attack and kill the four outlaws."
Garth gasped in shock and whispered for his eardrums only. "Beck did it. He really build the electric field. He is calling out all of the nasty paranormals. They are all leaving the glass tower for their upcoming death." He laughed out loud and then frowned with worry. Risa was fighting with him. He yelled in love. "Risa, stay here with me! We don't have to go through the portal."
"Come and go through mirror cloud portal and attack and kill the four outlaws." She continued to struggle with Garth and smiled at the hole in the ceiling. The earth shook again. A piece of solid glass broke off from the first floor level and sailed through the air waves, targeting Garth. He gasped in fear and released Risa, jumping backwards into the side wall. The piece of glass stabbed the dirt.  Risa lifted up from the dirt and flew through the ceiling hole.
"Garth!" Cinta shouted out loud while calling for her brother to save her.
Garth stood upright and shook his bone skull with frustration. He could not save both of the females that he loved with his alien heart. So, he had to chose which female to save and he selected his girl Risa. He raced ahead and launched from the dirt, flying through the ceiling hole, chasing after Risa.
Risa landed on the first floor level and dashed around the hallway space, searching for the mirror cloud portal, exiting the glass tower for her duty to kill the four outlaws.
He landed down on the same floor and stood in place while chuckling out loud with amusement at his girl Risa. The first floor level housed the dangling stadium glass-coated seats, which were all empty. The Race had finished. Each one of the paranormal had been called to fight and then left the glass tower for that task but his girl Risa. He looked up and gasped in worry, seeing an active mirror cloud portal on the second floor level.
Risa spun around in confusion on top of the floor and then cleared her mind of the alien words, snapping her fingers, smiling with delight. She viewed the forward wall of glass that acted like an elevator and dashed ahead, screaming in panic.
Garth looked down and gasped in panic, leaping up from the floor, flying through the air and slammed into the back spine on Risa. He missed catching her flying body. Risa hit the forward wall and crumpled against the glass, disappearing from the first floor level. She appeared on the second level and tumbled from the wall, landing on the smooth floor unconscious and safe.
On the first floor level, he rested on top of the floor and then heard  his name through the air waves.
"Garth!" Cinta shouted out loud from the cave space while still calling for her brother to save her.
On top of the floor, Garth stood upright and looked up, checking on Risa. She was asleep on the floor. He spun around and raced ahead, dropping down through the floor hole, landing down on the dirt inside the central cave. He dashed ahead from the central cave and entered the next cave, slowly walking to Cinta, wearing a sad face. He stopped and stared at her in silence worry.
Cinta shouted out loud but could not wiggle her body feeling worry and fear. "Get me outta of here, Garth! I can felt the earth shake. The wall shakes and then makes the web shake with me. Get me outta of here!"
He reached out and touched one glittering strand on the web, staring at her. "Beck, he didn't tell you the truth either. I guess that's why he didn't you want to have a diamond engagement ring."
She sneered. "What truth, Garth? What are you mumbling about down there? Stop mumbling and get me outta of here!"
He nodded with a fake smile to Cinta. "Beck, he's a smart god. He developed a brilliant plan. He flew around the world like a human on a human airplane all hours and then he gathered up numerous benben stones of gold and crowned each man-made pyramid with a golden hat. Then, he traveled to the city of Birmingham, within the US State of Alabama, and hand-built an electric field from plants and flower petals and tree limbs."
She sneered and screamed at her brother without wiggling her body. "Look, boy! I do not care about Beck, right now and right here. I care about me and myself and I, right here and right now. Get me outta of here!"
He nodded with a smile to his sister. "The Great Pyramid structure is a really a machine that emits a wave of heated and hot and live currents of electricity that can power up numerous houses in a gigantic city, like New York City, with ease. The wave of electricity coming from the Great Pyramid will fly through the sky within macro-seconds and then bounce off each golden benben stone like a dog flea and then eventually cross the oceans waters and land down inside Birmingham, Alabama on top of an electric field."
"Garth, get me outta of here!"
"A wave of electricity is comprised of positively and negatively charges electrons. Beck somehow created a wave of positivity charges electrons that is flowing through the sky at this very moment, Cinta. This is why the earth soil is rumbling and shaking from the massive stream of live electricity. His brilliant plan here in the USA is working. All of the nasty paranormals are leaving their hidden Alien Headquarters and falling down into an electric field."
She stared at Garth. "I was a very good student in high school. A positive and a negative electron does not like each other. They repel away from each other like a pair of fighting love and never kiss and make up. Why are you explaining all of this to me, right here and right now?"
He nodded with a fake smile. "You were a good academic student in high school, Cinta. I wished that you had the chance to attend college and then graduate, little sister. The newly created wave of electricity is positively charged. The newly created electric field is positively charged to attract the positive electrons from the flying wave of live currents. However, each paranormal like a human and an animal and a bird and an insect and a plant and a tree contains both positive and negative electrons."
She smiled. "Each paranormal that has left the Alien Headquarters and has traveled through the mirror cloud portal and has landed down on top of the positive electric field is dead, gone, terminated into nothingness. Their inner guts and hard bones and wet fluids and colored blood has been torn apart, when their negative electrons hit the positively charged electric field. We won. That's good news, Garth! I see the good plan here. Why are you so sad? What's the matter, Garth?"
He looked down and kicked the dirt with his naked foot. "The electric field is positively charged to attract the positively charge electrons for the death plan to work, coming from smart god male Beck."
"Beck is a god, but he is charged in both positive and negative electrons, like me and you."
He looked up and nodded with a sad face to Cinta. "A positively charge electric field does not exist here on this planet or another planet or in outer space. Someone has to build and maintain a steady stream of positive charges."
She screamed in sorrow. "No! No! No!"
He closed his two eyelids and shouted out loud, slapping his legs. "Yes. Yes. Yes. Beck, he had to build and then hold the electric field in the air, without the stream of live positive currents hitting the grass or the flowers or the tree limbs, in order for his brilliant death plan to work. Else, the electric field would collapse and disperse into the other natural and man-made objects. Beck has scarified himself for us. For each one of us to have a happy and peaceful life, without the race of vicious and nasty paranormals on our tailbones, Cinta."
She closed her two eyelashes and sobbed in sorrow, shouting out loud in pain and fury. "No! No! No! Beck is still alive."
"He might be a little bit alive but he has depleted all of his positive electrons within in god body. There is not super power on earth or in the heaven on in hell that can restores his positive electrons back into his god body, Cinta. He'll be dead into nothingness in a few more minutes. And you ..."
"Me!" She opened her two eyelashes and gasped in shock at her brother. "What about me?" The earth rumbled and then shook violently creating tiny cracks in the dirt.
He wobbled side to side and stood in place, shaking his head, pointing at the web. "I can't figure out how to get you broken free and loose from the sticky spider's web, without ripping off each limb from your body, which will kill your body. I can't get you freed from the web with my Seventh son talents. You can't get freed from your own goddess talents. I don't know what type of foreign or outer space material this stuff is on the web, Cinta."
"What! What do you mean? What are you saying to me?" She screamed in panic.
He pointed to the side wall and nodded with a sad face, sobbing with sorrow, showing his tears of hopelessness. "I...I gotta go. Risa is inside the cave. She is safe. I am safe. You are ..."
"... doomed, dead, gone, terminated into nothingness. Yeah, I understand. Yeah, I should have listened for my own good body."
"I love you, Cinta. I..."
"I love you, Garth. Go on now!" She nodded to the side wall for his escape and faked a smile of love and pity. "Go and get outta here and save Risa! You love her. She loves you. You have loved Risa, since the first day of play school. I love you, too, Garth. Good luck and great life!" Cinta started to cry with sadness, sorrow, defeat, and loneliness of her short teenly life without hope.
He back stepped from Cinta and wiped off his tears that blurred his two eyeballs of her beauty, wishing for a miracle for his sister and his friend Beck, but that was not happening today. He swiftly scooted around the side wall without seeing his sister and quickly spun around, jumping over each tiny fusion in the hard dirt, leaping over large chunks of dirt ball. He raced ahead and entered the central cave, standing underneath the opening. He flew up through the hole and broke the second glass floor level spraying bits of glass over the hallway, standing upright and sneered in worry at the huge threat.
The Alien King stood in the middle of the floor and cuddled an unconscious Risa into his chest.
Garth whispered for his eardrums only. "I do not have time for this troublemaker, right now and right here." He leaped up from the floor and sailed through the air, charging at the king. He extended his fist and slammed into the collar bone on the king.
The king spun around and dropped Risa from his arms laughing out loud. "I always inspect my glass castle, before I leave my home for a quick trip into the city. I usually find emptiness on each floor. But today, I find evidence."
"Who are you, non-man? Because, you are not a man," Garth flew down like a bird and swept Risa from the air waves, flying around the king, heading towards the glass wall for an escape. He didn't know if his talents would break the glass, but now was the time to find out.
"I am man and woman and god and goddess and alien and animal and insect." The Alien King stood upright at twelve feet tall and reached out, snatching the leg on Garth.
Garth screamed in panic and immediately dropped down towards the hard surface and released Risa. Risa dropped down and hit the floor with a soft thump rolling over the smooth glass, stopping several feet from the forward wall still unconscious. He hit the floor hard and bust his bottom lip in blood, standing upright, spinning around and mouth spat out his blood. He sneered and flew up from the floor, charging and then slammed his folded fist into the cheekbone on the Alien King.
"I did not notice you among my flock of followers, until your skating run through the Race course. Then I still didn't notice you, until you finished the Race and then dropped down into my private cave dwelling, Garth! You did not favor your sister Cinta." The Alien King accepted the nasty punch from the alien male, without injury on his cheekbone and then tilted his head backwards, screaming in victory, waving his arms.
Garth flew across the room and stopped before hitting the glass wall, spinning around with a smile, hovering horizontal above the smooth floor and laughed at the Alien King.
The Alien King continued to stand and yelled out loud swiftly growing upwards by five inches in the air, appearing eighteen inches in height, looking down with a smile. He turned and winked at Garth. "Ah! I feel great now! I have grown, mommy. I wanna thank your blood proteins, Garth. You are a special alien with special powers. Your special blood proteins contain your special powers that has caused my body to grow. So, hit me one more time," he laughed.
"What!"
He stopped laughed and frowned at Garth. "O! Do I need to repeat my story?" The Alien King spun around and faced Garth, holding both of his arms even with the floor, nodding with a smile at Garth. "Go ahead! Hit me again!"
Garth gasped in confusion and darted to see Risa. She continued to rest on top of the floor both unharmed and unconscious. He flew sideways and veered toward Risa for an escape.
The Alien King gasped in shock and dashed sideways towards Risa also. Garth reached down and ripped the fabric from his leg suit, wrapping his folded fist, slamming his fist into the Alien King. The Alien King flew sideways from the nasty punch and stumbled over the floor with laughter, halting in place, without injury. He tossed his head backwards and yelled out loud, growing another five inches in height.
Garth dropped down and leaned over, touching Risa, jerking on her body. She didn't move. He gasped in worry.
The Alien King looked down and turned with a smile to see Garth. "Your alien DNA covered the fabric on the racer suit. Thus, I have gained more of your special alien powers and have grown my body even higher. You possess a set of special alien powers, but Risa does not. Why is that, Garth?"
Garth stared down at Risa with confusion and worry. He was having a difficult time killing the Alien King. Now, he had learned his Seventh Son power made the male grow taller and stronger. He whispered for his eardrums only. "This guy can't die."
The Alien King smiled. "Risa is one of my flock and she is under my mind control. She cannot leave the tower, unless she goes through the mirror cloud portal landing down at the spot, where your three other outlaws are located right now. Why are you not over there? Ah!" He laughed. "You are a spy and you are a very good spy. You selected the young teen female for her information. However, your plan did not work. Each member of my flock knows nothing."
Garth viewed and laughed at the Alien King. "And you have very good sentence structure, Alien King. What are you? Who are you? Where did you come from?"
He slapped his chest and nodded to Garth, "I am everyone and I am everything."
Garth laughed. "I am the truth and I am the light. You are a cowardly soul catcher that fled the Syzygy event, without getting killed like the rest of your clan and then you hid out here, until one of the god-kind found your hidey hold within the forestlands. So, you ate him and then her and then her and then him borrowing each one of their magical powers. How do you retain the borrowed god and goddess and alien powers? Once you eat the fool, the body meat and fluids only retain your life force."
The Alien King burped out loud and patted his stomach with a smile. "All of thick fat cells from each obese human provides the sticky glue that binds all of the paranormal powers together."
Garth moaned. "Ugh!" He reached up and removed one of the glass seats, flying it through the air, slapping the back spine on the Alien King. The Alien King tumbled sideways, then stopping, scratching his blood from his back muscles, without laughing out loud.
Garth smiled. "He can bleed, thou. Time to leave this place, Risa. Once I kiss your mouth, you will remember. And that should break the Alien King's spell on my girl," he squatted down and leaned over to Risa. The glass chair slapped his cheekbone. Garth soared through the air and hit the forward wall, disappearing from the first floor level like magic, landing on the second floor level.
The Alien King jumped up from the first floor and broke the  first floor ceiling, standing on top of the hard floor with a smile, sending an array of glass chairs at Garth, who crouched on the forward wall. "I want more of your special alien blood and your smooth alien skin tissue. I wanna grow to hundred feet. Then no other paranormal can stop me from ruling the world," he laughed out loud.
Garth disappeared from the second floor forward wall and landed on the third floor, flying up from the floor, soaring over the hallway. The Alien King shifted his aim and sent an array of glass chairs into the second floor ceiling, braking the glass. The shards of glass scattered everywhere with some landing on Risa.
Garth looked down and gasped at the tiny blood cuts on his girl Risa, slamming into the third floor glass wall, disappearing from the third floor, landing on the fourth floor. He stood upright and shouted out loud. "Follow me, Alien King!"
The Alien King lifted up from the floor and broke through the second floor ceiling, swiftly chasing after Garth for his blood. Garth continued to disappear from the floor level and quickly moved up to the next level without injury but worry for Risa. The Alien King broke large pieces of glass with his powers from the side wall and smashed the ceiling glass trying to stop Garth.
Garth's plot was working. The Alien King had moved away from Risa. Now, Garth needed to pen the Alien King to the wall of glass and then return back to the first floor level, kissing Risa, awakening her memories. Then they would fly off the glass tower and live happily ever after.

At 02:14 pm, below the glass tower, inside the underground cave room, Cinta continued to hug onto the sticky spider's web sobbing with sadness, crying with eye tears, nose snot, mouth drool. Her bodily fluids slowly dripped off each wet cheekbone, every raw nose hole and her chapped bottom lip slamming down over both of her naked legs, running down the golden skin tissue and landed on top of her two naked feet.
She moaned with sadness for Beck and her life. "Why? Why did I do it? Beck was going to marry me. I should have obeyed him. I should have been a good girlfriend. I should have been in Egypt like he had planned. What was I going to do in Egypt?" She continued to sob and cry over her short life forced. The earth rumbled. The dirt broke apart and creaked with large fusions that emitted pockets of steam.

Back at the city of Giza, within the country of Egypt, at 10:19 pm, the night sky was brightly lit with rows of pink, red, green, and orange waves of electricity. The particles of dirt were separating into positive and negative atoms burning into piles of black dust and then drifting away. Any man-made object or natural plant was parting its atoms and then burned in a pile of black dust that stood on top of the black tinted soil. The air waves were parting into a set of positive and negative electrons. The air was still and dead, sucking the oxygen molecules from the atmosphere.
The massive upright wave of electricity continued to destroy each colored ball coming through the mirror cloud portal into nothingness from the collision of positive and negative electrons.
On the ground, all of the humans were either in their house asleep or partying inside another house far away from the Great Pyramid and stayed inside the shelter, until the massive lightning bolt ceased in the sky and over the ground.
Underneath the dirt, Beck continued to sweat and worry inside the tiny tunnel. His body was composed of both positive and negative electrons like the dirt and the air currents. He could not see the wave of electricity but felt the shifting atoms on his body. His clothes were sucked from the tunnel first and then burned into a pile of black tinted ashes on top of the other black tinted ashes. One by one, on his hairy legs, each individual hair follicle was ripped from his skin and exited the tunnel hole, separating the electron and then caught fire, burning into a tiny heap of black tinted ashes that rested on top of the black tinted burnt ground. Beck slowly dug both of his hands down into the hard dirt and moved his body further down into the protective layer of dirt. However, the upper layer of dirt had burnt into black ashes that covered the ground for ten miles from the wave of electricity. Then the next layer of dirt was quickly separating its positive and negative electrons and then burnt down into a pile of black ashes also.
The original wave of electricity from the Great Pyramid soared through the night sky and produced a colorful lightning bolt, hitting down top of each man-made pyramid within the country of Egypt, activating a new wave of electricity from the top of each pyramid that combined into a massive second wave of yellow tinted electricity.
The two waves of electricity tinted the sky in colors of pink, red, green, blue, orange, yellow, purple and lavender. The two distinct waves of electricity separated instead of merging and then sailed into opposite directions.
One wave of electricity flowed through the night sky in a northern direction and hit the man-made pyramid top in the country of Frances, then the country of Germany, then the country of England and crossed the ocean waters into the country of Greenland.
The second wave of electricity soared through the night sky in a southern direction hitting the man-made pyramid in the country of Italy, then the county of Iraq, then the county of India traveling northerly towards the country of Russia.

Back in the United States of America, Mountain Time Zone at 02:18 pm, in the Yellowstone Park location, within the US State of Wyoming, inside the glass tower, on the first floor level, alien girl Risa moaned out loud in pain and slowly stirred into consciousness, sitting upright on her butthole, rubbing her face. She drew back blood and screamed in panic, scanning her body. Her race suit had protected most of her body from the sharp shards of glass pieces that was scattered over the floor. "What happened in here? Where am I? Where is everyone? Where is Garth?" She slowly stood upright and groaned in pain, sliding backwards from the pieces of glass, standing inside the wall corner. She dropped down and gently pressed each finger onto the bleeding cut on her face, moaning in pain. The tower building shook from a tiny earthquake. Risa did not stop healing her skin.
Inside the same glass tower, Garth had reached the 80th floor and stood in front of the forward wall, looking down at the next level, wobbling from the earthquake that rattled the glass tower. He stood in place and looked up with worry. "The tower has eighty-eight floors. I'm veering too close to the top floor, without a working plan to save me and Risa. Think of something to kill this guy, Garth!" The Alien King flew through the 79th floor ceiling and landed on top of the 80th floor, sneering at Garth, continuing the chase. Garth exhaled with fear and frustration pondering his brain cells for a plan, scanning the glass hallway. His eyeballs spotted the mirror cloud portal on the side wall that led down into the electric field in the city of Birmingham within the US State Alabama. "The portal is still working. Beck is still alive by a miracle. Good job, Beck! Just stay alive a little longer, buddy! I have one final guest for your death party." He dashed ahead from the wall and leaped up from the floor, over the bald mound on the Alien King and landed down in front of the mirror cloud portal with laughter.
The Alien King followed the body movement of Garth in the air and slowly spun around, growling at the talented alien.
Garth stood in place and reached out, touching the puffy cloud on the mirror portal, showing an eyelash blink of the new place. He jerked his finger back quickly from the portal and tumbled over the floor and hit the opposite side wall, grunting in pain. The suction into the mirror cloud portal was powerful enough to suck in an African elephant or a live dinosaur or a twenty-two foot Alien King.
The Alien King continued to dash towards Garth and as his one eyeball viewed the mirror  portal. He slid to a halt and stood in front of the mirror cloud portal, reaching out, touching the puffy cloud, seeing the new place, where his flock of gods, goddesses, and aliens had landed. He sneered in confusion. "What! What is this? Where is this place? I do not recognize the location here on Planet Earth. Is this still on the planet?"
Garth stood upright and laughed out loud. "O yeah! The place is still on the planet and it called an electric field."
He gasped in shock and understood scientific concepts, reaching out, touching the cloud again, viewing a glowing electric field. He jerked back his finger and turned sneering at Garth. "You...you...you...have destroyed all of my followers."
Garth nodded with a smile and slapped his chest. "Yeah, I did. Well, I should not take all of the credit, but I am. Yeah, your band of nasty followers are dead and gone. Now, it's only you and me, babe," he winked at the Alien King and charged at the giant male, yelling out loud.
The Alien King dashed ahead with a sneer and grabbed the arm on Garth, swinging Garth towards the portal cloud. Garth flew upwards and as his naked feet hit and then walked over the upper side wall of glass above the mirror cloud portal without falling inside the transport. Garth jerked his arm loose from the Alien King and dropped down hard on the floor, falling down through the floor, landing on top of the 78th floor.
The Alien King stomped the solid floor and dropped down through the glass, landing several feet from Garth, breaking an opening on the 78th floor. The glass shards dropped down through the hole. He pointed at the mirror cloud portal on the side wall and growled at the alien teen. "Now, you are the next destroyed follower by the electric field, alien."
Garth slowly stood upright from the floor and smiled at the Alien King. "Well, technically, I'm not a follower. So, I don't have to follow your little rules." He charged ahead and flew through the opening in the ceiling, landing back on top of the 79th floor, cutting his hand. HI blood dripped down on the floor. "Dang! I'm cut with my spilled blood," he spun around with a sneer and raced ahead, slamming into the forward wall of glass, disappearing from the floor.
The Alien King didn't bother with the wall elevator and smashed through the 78th glass ceiling, landing on top of the 79th floor, spotting the tiny splattering of red tinted blood from an injured Garth. He leaned down with a smile and touched the blood protein that quickly absorbed into his skin tissue, growing another five inches in height, yelling in pain. He stood upright and stared up at the ceiling glass with laughter. Garth had made it to the top floor and was trapped inside the grand auditorium.
The alien teen could jump from the height of 2,000 feet through the glass wall and die. Or the teen alien go jump through the mirror cloud portal and die.
Or the teen alien could die at the hands of the Alien King as he slowly strangles and then suffocates the teen leaking out all of the blood proteins over the cupped hands on the Alien King, which increases both the height and the strength of the Alien King, who cannot be stopped from taking over the world.
On top of the 79th floor, the Alien King laughed out loud and jumped up smashing through two glass ceilings at once, swiftly leaping towards the top floor to Garth for the final death kill of the weakly alien male.

At 02:22 pm, below the glass tower, inside the underground cave room, goddess teen Cinta continued to hang onto the sticky spider's web while sobbing with sadness, crying with eye tears, nose snot, and mouth drool coming from her facial features. Her bodily fluids slowly dripped off each wet cheekbone, every raw nose hole and her chapped bottom lip slamming down over both of her naked legs, running down the golden skin tissue and landed on top of her two naked feet.
The dirt floor contained numerous tiny cracks and then sometimes rumbled and then shook from the series of tiny earthquakes while shaking the web formation and the trapped goddess.
Her red tinted face was covered in rolling wet tears. Her pink tinted lips were chapped. Her violet colored eyeballs were blurred with moisture. She shook her bone skull sideways. Each tear dropped down and hit her leg and then her foot. Cinta moaned with sadness for Beck and her life. "Why? Why? Why? What!"
On the bottom of the web, her naked foot slid off the crisscrossed strands on the web in freedom and dangled in the air waves. She looked down and gasped in shock. "What!"
On the top of the web, her left hand dropped down from the strands in freedom and dangled in the air. She returned back and gasped in shock. "What! My foot and my hand are free from the sticky web strands. Why? Why? Why? Think! Think hard! Thank harder!" She sneezed and flung the heap of dangling nose snot in the air, landing down on her crooked elbow. The nose snot quickly melted and then rapidly dissolved the glittering rows of silver tinted web strands. Her elbow dangled free in the air.
Cinta gasped in shock and laughed out loud. "Of course! Of course! Of course, I am the goddess of a god. The Alien King announced that proclamation inside the jewelry store, before kidnapping me and bringing me here inside this tiny, damp, dark cave. I remember now. The Alien King stood on the opposite cave wall of dirt and rock and held me inside his chest while I was barely conscious with my human thoughts and no goddess actions. I remember barely seeing a row of his band of gods and goddesses standing in front of this dirt wall. They were mouth spitting in the air from their parted lips and making gross sounds in which their spat formed into a straight line first and then a square box next and then additional curved lines and finally into the gigantic spider's web from each god and goddess. I remember now. They finished the web and the Alien King shuffled ahead and tossed my body in the air. I automatically screamed and spread my limbs outward, slamming into the newly formed web, sticking to the sticky mouth spit on my back spine, not my face. Gross! Gross! Yuckie! Poohie, too! I'm totally grossed out." She leaned down and started mouth spitting on each one of her limbs, covering the web strand in her fluid. Each limb with her own mouth spit started dissolving the web strands.
She flung her head and directed each nose snot dropping down onto her two naked kneecaps and legs. Her personal nose snot started melting each web strand and slowly freed her trapped body parts.
Cinta blinked both of her wet eye sockets and used her goddess powers sending each tear drop down onto her two arms, one hand and neck muscles. She continued to fling her wet body fluids in the air and onto the other trapped body parts.
She laughed out loud with a bright smile and wiggled her body loose from the web strands. "I didn't know. I didn't know it. But I know. I know it now. I thought that old wicked Soul Crusher had stolen all my alien powers. No! It is not true. She had attacked my alien powers that went dormant or asleep inside my alien girl body. I had thought I was a human girl for the first time in my life, but I had been wrong. My alien powers had hidden away from that nasty Soul Crusher and they had survived, not her. Over the past nine months, during each one of the deadly battle fights with the gang of nasty paranormals, I had been reaching deep down into my soul, slowly pulling out each one of my innate alien powers, all this time. I'm going to live, not dead. I'm an alien first from birth. I am a goddess second from kissing my god teen boyfriend during that stupid Syzygy event. I'm an alien-goddess paranormal with both alien and goddess combined super powers inside my inners. The Alien King thought I was only a goddess with goddess powers. So, he used the mouth spit from some of the gods and the goddesses. My own mouth spit, nose snot, and eye tears come from my alien side. My personal alien fluids are the one melting away all of that yucky god and goddess crap." She continued to fling her body fluids onto her body parts while wiggling each one of her limb towards freedom, yelling out loud. "Hang on Beck! Your goddess princess is coming for your god prince rescue." The earth rumbled. The dirt broke apart and creaked with large fusions that emitted pockets of steam.

At 02:27 pm, on the first floor level of the glass tower, alien girl Risa slowly healed each tiny cut and smiled at her smooth skin tissue sitting down inside the wall corner in peace and silence. A tiny particle of glass dropped down through the open hole in the ceiling and landed down on top of the glass floor producing a tiny musical ting. She looked up and frowned at the lonely piece of glass on top of the glass, looking up at the next floor, returning back to see the single piece of glass. She looked up again and tilted her head backwards using her alien eyeballs, viewing each glass floor, stopping on the top floor. She gasped in shock and then smiled. "Someone is here with me! Who is that up there?" She stood upright from the floor and looked down at the far glass wall shaking her body with a smile. "I'm fine and fit now." Risa veered backwards with giggles and slammed her butthole into the forward glass wall, disappearing from the first floor level, landing down on the top floor of the glass tower within a blink of an eyelash.
The top floor displayed a square shape formation with four solid glass walls, a matching ceiling, and a matching floor base. On side wall presented the mirror cloud portal that glittered in rainbow sparks. The forward wall held a single glass throne chair without the king. In the middle of the floor, Garth rested on top of the glass floor and bleed from numerous body parts, breathing in heavy breathes of air molecules. The Alien King squatted down and posed several feet from Garth, leaning down, using his finger pad to mop up each Seventh Son alien red tinted blood protein splatter while growing taller and stronger and laughed out loud with his paranormal victory over the weakly alien teen.
"Hey!" Risa stepped from the forward wall and pointed at the back spine on the Alien King. "I know you. And I didn't like you." The Alien King spun around from Garth and stood upright from the floor, standing hundred feet tall in the air. She continued to jab her finger at him with a frown. "And I didn't remember you being so tall. Get away from Garth! We're friends." The Alien King growled and rushed towards Risa.
She dropped her hand and used her alien powers, lifting up the throne chair from the floor, tossing the item at the Alien King. He slammed the chair into millions of glass shards that scattered around the room, breaking each glass wall and entering down into the mirror cloud portal. She screamed in fear and ducked down on the floor covering her head. When the individual pieces settled down, the throne room turned quiet. Risa flew upright from the floor, sailed over the bald mound on the Alien King and then landed beside an unconscious Garth. She squatted down and leaned into his body, whispering into his bloody face. "Ah! The bad king has been naughty with my cute boyfriend," she kissed his bloody lips and as his subconscious mind connected to her active mind, releasing all of her past memories featuring Garth, Cinta, Beck, her hometown of Apollo, her high school of Apollo. She felt a surge of old knowledge and jerked upright from Garth gasping in shock, quickly scanning Garth and then the grand chamber room, then back to Garth and finally the Alien King. She shook her fiancé  with worry and fear, shouting out loud with fright. "Garth! Garth! Where am I? What is this place? Why are we here? Why are you hurt? Who is that tall ugly male? Get up, Garth! We need to leave this place. I don't like it here. How did I get here?" She viewed the mirror cloud portal and smiled, standing upright, leaning down and jerked Garth over her collar bone using her alien powers. She dashed ahead towards the mirror cloud portal with their easy escape.
The Alien King leaped up from the floor, flew through the air, and then landed down in front of Risa. "You are programmed to enter the mirror cloud portal when it opens. I should know. I programmed you to perform that action. But, you can go after you drop down the teen alien."
She halted with a gasp. Garth slid off her collar bone and landed down on the floor with a loud thump on his back spine. Risa held his hand and slowly shuffled Garth over the glass floor, shouting out loud at the Alien King. "No! Get back from us! Get away from us!"
He continued to slowly move ahead from the side wall with the mirror cloud portal and extended his hand, nodding with a smile to Risa. "I only want the teen male. You can leave and escape through the mirror cloud portal to perform your duty as one of my followers. Go, now, alien!"
"No!" She continued to slowly scoot across the floor with an unconscious Garth feeling worry and fear from the Alien King. Risa didn't understand the circumstances that placed her here with her fiancé Garth but she did remember the Alien King, who was a giant evil creature. "No!"

At 02:35 pm, below the glass tower, inside the underground cave room, Cinta wiggled inside the sticky spider's web and then broke free from the web structure, jumping down on the cracked dirt and steamy fusions while sneering in hot revenge at her biological brother for leaving her to die, alone, lonely and afraid. "You're dead, Garth!" She raced ahead and plowed through the forward thick wall of dirt and rock, without injury too, busting her girly form through the dirt, and then stopped underneath the open hole. She looked up and laughed out loud seeing the bloody action on the 88th floor. The earth soil rumbled. Then the glass tower shook. She flew upwards through the pen hole and shattered each glass floor, creating an new hole, flinging the glass particles over the glass floor. She continued to study the top floor with some type of fight activity and then her alien-goddess eyeballs viewed the naked feet on her brother Garth, screaming in fury. "Ah! You didn't escape too far from me, Garth. I see you; but you don't see me," she extended her fighting arm above her bone skull and sneered with angry, flying up from the cracked dirt floor inside the central cave, creating a new hole on each glass floor level and sprayed the tiny glass pieces from her body over the floor, into each wall, and outside in the air waves using her new alien-goddess powers.
The tall glass tower started shaking at a steady rate from the numerous ground earthquakes. Outside the tower, on the ground, the soil earth erupted with numerous spitting hot plumes of heated water in the air in angry too. The hot springs boiling water rumbled and then hissed releasing additional plumes of white smoky mist in the air coming from each active earthquake.
Underneath the Yellowstone Park dirt surface, the numerous ground earthquakes shouted back to each lightning strike coming from an air-borne massive wave of yellow-white tinted electricity that originated from the row of smaller Anunnaki-made pyramids beside the Great Pyramid within the country of Egypt. The original wave left the country of Egypt and headed due north, sending out a blue tinted lightning bolt on the tip of pyramid shopping center in the city of Bursa within the country of Turkey, without harm but a bluish glow for one macro-second. Then the wave continued northerly and released a pink tinted lightning bolt that touched the tip on the pyramid in the city of Vitebsk within the country of Belarus making the man-made structure glow in pretty pink briefly. The wave dropped down and headed to the city of Kazan releasing an amber colored lightning bolt on top of the pyramid tip, making the man-made object glow briefly, and then the wave flew across the sky and sent out a pale blue tinted lightning bolt that gently hit and glowed the top on the Pyramid Palace in the city of Astana within the country of Kazakhstan. The wave soared south and emitted a brown tinted lightning bolt, tapping the tip on the pyramid building in the city of Pune within the country of India, illuminating the man-made object for one macro-second.
Then the wave flew in a northwestern direction and released a rose tinted lightning bolt, gently touching the 105-story Pyramid of Tirana in the city of Pyongyang within the country of North Korea. The second wave of electricity had jumped from the country of North Korea and crossed the icy waters of the Bering Straits soaring down into the air space within the United States of America, gently tapping a plum colored lightning bolt on top of the 40-foot brown-tinted Ames Pyramid in the city of Buford within the US State of Wyoming without destroying the man-made structure. The wave jumped south and hit the three-story Summum Pyramid in the city of Salt Lake City within the US State of Utah with a coral colored lightning bolt, without major destruction either. The second wave continued to travel south and released out a cobalt blue lightning bolt that hit down on the tip of the 30-story Luxor Pyramid in the city of Las Vegas within the US State of Nevada jumping over into the US State of California. A wine colored lightning bolt swapped the tip on the 48-story Transamerica Pyramid in the city of San Francisco and then a second chartreuse colored lightning bolt traveled further south to the city of Long Beach tapping on the 18-foot blue-tinted Walter Pyramid at California State University.
Leaving the US State of California, the second yellow-whitish electricity wave traveled due east and gently tapped the tip on three separate pyramids inside the Moody Gardens in the city of Galveston within the US State of Texas with one cyan blue colored lightning bolt. The second wave of free-floating electricity bounced down further south and tapped the tip on the pyramid structure inside the Metairie Cemetery in the city of New Orleans within the US State of Louisiana with a lilac colored lightning bolt that glowed for one macro-second.
The first wave of yellow-whitish electricity traveled northeasterly from the melted down golden benben stone on the Great Pyramid within the country of Egypt and entered a different country extending a green colored lightning bolt and tapped the tip on the 70-feet Louvre Pyramid in the city of Paris within the country of France, without damage but making the structure glow for one macro-second. Then the wave flew northwest and released one peach and then a second purple colored lightning bolt poking the tip on the Karlsruhe Pyramid in the city of Karlsruhe and the tip on Pyramid church in the town of Baden-Baden within the country of Germany. The same wave traveled over the night sky in Europe and released an orange colored lightning bolt and touched the Stjarneborg Pyramid near the town of Aneby within the country of Sweden. The same wave performed a half-circle and soared through the colorful clouds sending out a maroon tinted lightning bolt, pinging the tip on the Stockport Pyramid in the town of Stockport within the country of England without harm, flying northwest and gently touched the 4,630 summit peak on the Pyramiden pyramid-shaped natural rock mountain in the Kujalleq municipality on the extreme southern coastland in the country of Greenland.
The first wave of yellow-whitish live electricity crossed over the dark blue Atlantic Ocean and extended a friendly lightning bolt in light green hue, slapping the tip on the 64-foot Ha! Ha! Pyramid in the district of La Baie at Saguenay in Quebec within the  country of Canada and then the first wave of traveled southeasterly and send down an amethyst colored lightning bolt hitting each one of the small decorative glass-made pyramid in front of the Citicorp Office Building at Long Island City, in Queens, within the US State of New York. Then the first wave soared ahead and targeted the tip on the Pyramid Arena in the city of Memphis within the US State of Tennessee.


Same night, different world city and Italy time...

At 11:35 pm, in the city of Milan within the country of Italy, near the Montevecchia Pyramids, a local news television reporter with long blonde colored hair, dark tanned skin, and a pair of blue eyes wore a casual outfit, a red tinted sleeveless mini-sundress and a pair of designer green tinted fashion heels. Her designer green tinted handbag rocked on the arm rest. She watched the night sky and sat in a cushiony portal lounge chair beside a tall, thin college professor from the local university.
The professor wore a peach colored knit shirt, a pair of yellow tinted walking short, and a pair of tan colored flip-flips, displaying a black tinted ponytail, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of olive skin while smiling at the night sky also.
The reporter narrated into her black-tinted hand-held microphone and pointed up at the sky, speaking in her native tongue as the other world networks translated in their native tongue to their native citizens. "Well, this sucks. The night sky is both incredible and beautiful. I do not see the moon, the clouds, the stars, the commercial airplanes, the military fighter jets, the alien outer space ships tonight. However, every man, woman, infant, child, teenager, senior adult, and each family pet is standing inside their homestead staring up into the sky tonight. Miles and miles of open sky are twirling in deep, rich hues of blue indigo, dark purple, and pockets of dull red that completely cover the atmosphere without a peek of one single twinkling white tinted outer space star or bright planet within the Milky Way Galaxy. On the earth horizon, which should not be displayed, a swarm of dull orange hue comforts the heated soil and scared groves of trees. The sky is lighting up with numerous individual streaks of colored lightning, not the regular boring streaks of yellow tinted bolts during this massive and quiet thunderstorm. I do not hear loud scary thunder booms. I do not see rolls of storm clouds in nasty black hue. What is happening to our skyline here on Planet Earth, Professor? Is this the end of our world? Is this the end of me? Is this the dreaded and predicted world ending apocalypse? Am I going to die, right here and right now, tonight?"
He pointed with a smile into the skyline. "No. No. No. This is not the end of the world, dear lady. That gigantic mass of yellow-whitish tinted phenomena that races continuously through the glorious multi-colored hue of clouds is a runaway bolt of free-flowing electricity that has been traced back to the Great Pyramid of Giza in the country of Egypt. The plumbing does work, mama!" He laughed alone. "To explain scientifically what we are seeing, I must the theory of a simple thunderstorm. A normal thunderstorm is posed 50,000 feet above the earth soil which drops down numerous bolts of yellow tinted lightning strikes and then a volume of roaring booming thunder sounds. A streak of visual light travels at 300,000,000 miles-per-second. A wave of loud sound travels through the air at 343 miles-per-second. Since, the streak of light travels faster than the wave of sound through the air waves, the loud thunder boom noise is heard within your pair of eardrums, before your pair of eyeballs see the single bolt of lightning. A single bolt of lightning can strike out from the nasty cloud as far as ten miles from the storm. The visual duration of a visual single lightning bolt averages 30 micro-seconds at the speed of light which is 186,000 miles-per-second.
"Let me confuse you more, dear lady! We always view the yellowish live current that causes the visible flash on each lightning bolt or the return stroke. The return stoke of the lightning travels up from the earth soil and moves upwards back into the nasty black tinted cloud at a speed of 220,000,000 miles-per-hour. The return stroke is so fast that a human eyeball and the human mind records a lightning bolt event as backwards. The sound of thunder travels at 750-miles-per-hour.
"A single bolt of lightning can appear in a different hue from the standard yellow-whitish color depending how the light travels through your eyeballs. In a snowstorm, a lightning bolt is colored in pink and green. When external factors, such like, haze, dust particles, moisture, sheets of raindrops will affect the color of the bolt by absorbing or diffracting a portion of the white hue in the lightning bolt. However, we are witnessing individual bolt of lightning return back in different colors from the standard yellow-whitish hue."
She smiled at the pretty wave in the skyline. "From the massive yellow-whitish tinted wave that zooms across the sky of colorful clouds that blocks the moonlight and the billions of twinkling stars, I too, occasionally, see a return stroke of lighting come from the earth soil in a pretty color. Why is that happening here in , professor? Why is each lightning bolt selecting a unique shade from the color wheel?"
He chuckled and continued to view the wave.  "I have no idea, dear lady."
She gasped in shock and turned to sneer at his nose profile, "What!"
He pointed with a smile at the sky. "A wave of electricity is comprised of flowing electrons through a conductor which is sealed and contained copper pipe. When you plug the cord from your table lamp into the wall socket, inside the cord, there is a copper wire that acts as a conductor of heat and feeds an electron current into the light bulb that illuminates the dark room inside your house. The electron wave travels at the speed of light which is 670,616,629 miles-per-hour or 186,000 miles-per-second. Inside an electron atom, there are positively and negatively charges. However, the positive and negative charges do not play well together inside the shared bedroom. They move apart and play in their own wall corner. When a free electron within the wave of electricity hits another atom, the free electron bounces off and then moves into another direction becoming a free spirit with a live charge.
"Usually, a live current doesn't have a specific direction and floats around and then dies. However, if the live current finds an electrical force, then it will move in that direction. A live current is similar to the flow of water inside an enclosed pipe. The more pressure at one end of the pipe, the stronger the flow of water through the pipe and drains out the opposite side. We are seeing that working theory here above our hair roots in the colorful clouds in a real-time application.
"That continuous yellow-whitish wave of live currents of electricity is flowing out from the largest pyramid in Egypt and then flying around the world in a specific geographical direction below the row of colorful clouds. The colorful clouds are created by the rolling massive wave of electricity currents. A cloud is comprised of very tiny droplets of water and ice crystals that float in the air waves. But our pair of naked human eyeballs have witnessed colored clouds, such like, a set of green clouds. A green tinted cloud indicates the storm cloud is extremely tall above the ground surface as a nasty thunderstorm is the tallest cloud in the sky. A row of green colored clouds is a warning sign of a hail storm or a dangerous tornado on the ground.
"If you are a lover of the night sky and stars, then you see numerous tiny wavelengths in the hue of red, blue, yellow, pink, and green in the format of cloud cover that surrounds the beams coming from our gigantic solar sun that warms our planet.
"If you do not sleep late inside your warm bedcovers and enjoy the early morning hours, then you will see a line of clouds in the hue of red, orange and pink which is the scattering of bright sunlight by the atmosphere on the horizon that occurs at sunrise and also at sunset.
"A set of yellow tinted clouds indicates nitrogen dioxide or very high air pollutants within that town or city's air waves, which is more dangerous for the humans and the animals. Thus, I will conclude the night sky is whirling and twirling in rolls of pretty pink, orange, yellow, green, blue, red, indigo, lavender, peach, rose, cyan, lime, amethyst, and all the other shades from the pin wheel of color indicates massive amounts of toxins and poisons in our atmosphere. I hope the scientists of the world is waiting and worrying about this lovely but dangerous event. The race of humans must cease using my planet as a their nasty trashcan," he looked down and sneered into the camera lenses on the ground inside the mechanical stand to each human and alien viewer with angry and disgust.
She looked down at the media camera lenses and then winked. "Well, I was not expecting that radical comment, tonight. You have guessed that the wave of fiery electricity in the sky will not kill us dead or annihilate the planet? Is the wave killing something else in sky like the birds or the alien ships? Will our sky return back to black hue like normal and show the moon and the stars again?" The reporter nodded the bad news to her viewers that were watching throughout the world, if the customer had purchased the paid television service.
He looked up with a smile and viewed the wave that dominated the skyline, "The massive wave of live electricity is not killing a human or an animal or a bug or an alien and the wave will finish up once it has completed its secret mission."
She turned and smiled at his nose profile, "What is its secret mission?"
He frowned at the wave. "I do not know that answer, but I do know this answer. That massive stream is releasing billions and billions of negatively charged electrons. Each negative electron is breaking away like an independent free spirit creating that single lovely bolt of colorful lightning, gently tickling the pointy tip on each man-made pyramid like it is searching for something. I cannot identify or name that mysterious something either, so do not ask me that stupid question. However, a wave of electricity does not freely flows but uses a conductor sending the beam of currents to the targeted object. I wonder if the tail on the lightning bolt is seeking a conductor also. Anyways, you and I had witnessed a few hours ago that massive wave of live electrons in the format of a green tinted lightning bolt did not harm or smear or destroy the glassy, pointy tip on the Louvre Pyramid in the city of Paris, France while passing through the rows of colorful but polluted clouds. Then the lightning tail only danced for our delight and quickly illuminated the night sky for one micro-second using each one of the man-made materials within that man-made object. Then a new stream of negatively charged electrons broke free from the continuous rolling wave of heat and light dancing down in two individual tails in peach and purple that tapped a tip on two individual Germany pyramids that were thirty minutes apart by automobile, without harming the man-made object either, but playfully making the object glow for its entertainment. This an exciting and thrilling event is the scientific concept of drift velocity occurring a great drift speed coming from a column of free electrons, which fools the naked eye..."
"...and the naked mind," she puffed out her sour breath into the microphone for the world watchers. "Well, that's sucks for us. That massive wave is a nice and thrilling phenomena affecting all other major and minor towns, cities and countries throughout the world, but us, here in Italy. While we sit here in the dark several feet from the first pyramid in my home country of Italy, the highest pyramid stands 150 meters tall. However, all three pyramids are completely covered in short green tinted grass and thick plant and fruit vegetation appearing like a set of three natural hilltops that had been built by Mother Nature, which had been touched or stroked or tapped by one of the lovely lightning bolts. This has been a complete waste of my time and evening hours, when I could have been with my boyfriend."
The professor looked down with intrigue and studied a row of colored plasma television devises beside the reporter's camera lenses, pointing at each television screen. "I must conclude here that the smart Ancient Egyptians had not only conducted a bunch of success electricity power experiments, but they had used a wave of free electrons to cool and warm their individual homes, water their miles of field crops, and bathe their nasty bodies. I do not understand the cause for the wave of electricity, which is happening, right here and right now, but the world's scientists are brilliant, like me, and they will figure this thing out and definitely reproduce the event. However, your row of television devises clearly displays a second yellow-whitish wave of live current electricity coming from the geographical western portion of the United States of America. This is incredible to eyewitness during my lifetime here on Planet Earth."
She looked down and gasped in shock, pointing her yellow tinted manicured fingernail at the sets, shouting into her news microphone. "Look at that! How did that happen over there? Where did that second wave of flying live electrons come from? Why didn't we see it over there, before viewing the row of television sets?" The reporter looked up and scanned the colorful sky in puzzlement.
The professor continued to watch the row of television screens that exhibited both waves of electricity flying through the daylight hours in the USA as it was only early to late afternoon there based on Zulu time. He smiled. "I can address that question. Our skyline above our hair roots and as far as our pair of naked eyeballs can see is filled with multi-colored twirling clouds that have picked up all of the nasty toxins and pollutants slowly drifting up from the tainted earth soil or the dirty city sidewalk or the abused air-conditioned rooftop painting the nighttime like a talented artist. The first massive wave of electricity flew northwest from the country of Egypt and occupied our air space while bombarding the atmosphere with its brilliant light without thunder and heated particles. We could not see the deployment of a second wave of bright light coming from the lower portion of Egypt near the city of Cairo that took a different flight pattern over the country of Russia and then fell down into the landscape of the USA for some strange reason. Now, there are two massive waves of live electricity over the same landmass within the United State of America."
She laughed with a smile at the row of television screens and spoke into her microphone. Finally, the United States of America will be destroyed by a freak of un-natural massive wave of light and heat, painting the landscape of people, plants, pets, and property black hue of smoke and ashes. This is good news! Let's celebrate!" She stood upright from the chair with giggles and danced around the grass, whirling her body in a circle.
The professor continued to sit in the lounge chair and frowned down at the row of television sets while lecturing into the built-in microphone on the camera lenses. "You are a very wicked woman. And you have not been listening to my terrific scientific lecture, terrible person. A bolt of lightning does strike down from the storm cloud fasting than the human eyeball and then it returns back up from the ground and becomes part of the storm cloud which fools the human eyeballs. That storm cloud continues its free spirit pathway and waters the next plot of earth soil, so crops will grown and feed the people. The two waves are about to collide over the US State of Tennessee. And I do know what's going to happen, silly girl."
One yellow-whitish tinted wave of electricity flew below the massive colorful sky in rose, plum, lavender, red, orange, green, indigo clouds, without sound, seeking the shiny pointy tip on the Pyramid Arena in the city of Memphis within the US State of Tennessee. The other massive wave in the same color and format running below a different colored skyline swiftly soared ahead and targeted the same pointy tip on the same pyramid structure. One released a dark blue bolt of wiggling lighting. The second wave sent down at the same time a dark green bolt of dancing lightning. The two individual tails quickly touched and then collided in the air waves over the shiny tip on the pyramid structure, without sound, but force while creating a single nasty black tinted ray only in the sky, not down on the ground soil. The black tinted ray quickly split apart and then individually shot backwards and upwards back into its respective wave of yellow-tinted glowing electricity band, swiftly rolling backwards underneath the colorful skyline, turning the wave and sky into pure black hue. As the two individual black tinted waves quickly sailed backwards, it pealed back the rolls of colorful clouds dissolving the nasty pollutants within the dark heat while revealing the usual bright rays of moonlight and the billions of twinkling stars, without sound. The individual black tinted waves of dark heat and light rapidly soared over the landscape, the calm ocean waters, across the ancient continents and sucked down into its original hole on each damaged Anunnaki-made pyramid, sealing its secret once again from the nasty and vicious race of humans that continue to trash the planet and rape its resources in greed, selfishness, arrogance, and stupidity.
On the grass in front of the three grass-coated Italian pyramids, the professor jumped up from the chair and danced around the grass, shouting out loud with joy. "I know it. I know that would happen to the two waves of energy. I am a genius," he stopped and smiled at the sad reporter. "What goes up, must come down, evil woman!" He clapped with happiness.

Back in the USA, at 2:35 pm, inside Yellowstone Park, within the US State of Wyoming, at the Alien Headquarters glass tower, each smooth glass tower wall started to crack open and then shatter into numerous tiny holes, dropping a set of glass particles down onto the glass floor. The heavy pieces of glass broke parts of the glass floor and descended down onto the next glass floor working in sequential motion, falling through an old hole or creating a new hole that landed on top of Cinta. She continued to jerk to the side wall and blasted the sheet into tiny pieces of glass protecting her body.
Some of the falling sheets of glass and all of smaller pieces of glass glittered during the fall down into the central cave. The cave walls shook and released dirt ball and rocks. The cave floor steamed in heated water and cracked open, revealing numerous fusions, where some of the broken sheets of glass tumbled down into the heated lava becoming part of the earth's core.
Matter is never destroyed; it only changes form.
On the 88th floor level, alien Risa continued to shuffle an unconscious Garth over the floor and shouted out loud at the gigantic male, "No! Get away from us! I'll kill you. Get away from us!" She used her alien powers and emitted a series of colorful alien fireballs at the Alien King that didn't harm his tall and massive bulk.
The Alien King continued to slowly move ahead and absorbed her tiny alien fireballs that didn't increase his height, but his strength while he continued to laugh the tiny, silly alien girl.
On the 87th floor level, alien-goddess Cinta broke through the ceiling and collided with one naked foot on the massive alien male on top of the glass floor riding his body on her collar bone, continuing to fly upwards through the air waves. She broke through the glass ceiling on the 88th floor and then halted one thousand feet in the sky, lifting up a stunned Alien King from her collar bone, pitching his alien body through the air waves. She yelled out loud with a smile. "O! Did you need a lift, fellow?"
The Alien King veered downwards through the air and landed head first down into the hot springs boiling lake of heated water, drowning first or burning first. Cinta didn't know his deadly outcome but watched his quick death act with a smile. "O! I guess not." She continued to hover with her alien-goddess powers in the air waves, wiping the tiny glass shards, wet body sweat, gross green tinted blood from her torn clothes sneering with annoyance. "Aliens, who needs them!" The glass tower started to shatter each wall, every floor, and each ceiling slowly imploding on each floor, dropping down into its final resting sight inside the central cave.
On the side wall, Risa halted and exhaled with relief that the Alien King was gone from her eyesight and the smooth floor, back stepping into the glass wall, wiping off her wet sweaty and red tinted blood proteins from the one-sided fight with the Alien King. The side wall rattled and then shattered into numerous tiny cracks, breaking the solid sheet of smooth glass. Risa tumbled backwards into the air waves and dropped down towards the earth surface in panic, reaching out and caught the jagged lip on the wall while dangling her body in the air. She held her free hand on her future husband Garth, who was still unconscious and dangled below Risa in the air too. Risa shouted with mercy. "Help! Help us! Someone come and help us! Help! Help!"
In the air waves, above the rattling glass tower numerous trash items and soft debris gently floated with the light breeze, including the massive amount of individual glossy, colored pictures from stacks of human magazines that contained fashionable clothes, fun toys, and furniture pieces, and activity gear. Each god and goddess had the gift of creating matter from a colorful page of items by slapping the item with their naked hands. Then the item appeared in a three-dimensional format for use or fun or death.
Above the massive pieces of paper, Cinta continued to hover in the air waves and shook her body checking for an injury or broken bone, giggling with delight with her new set of awesome super-supernatural powers. She looked down and gasped in shock, reaching up, touching one of the pink tinted dots on her dirty, torn red tinted designer brand jacket. "What is this? Am I bleeding in pink? No! This is the bleeding blood proteins coming from that massive white tinted alien guy. His blood proteins in cute pink hue have landed on my dirty clothes. Garth was right about the race of Reptilian aliens. This guy had shaved off his pale green tinted scales and painted his entire body in white hue. But his Reptilian blood proteins are pink colored. I need a bathe and a new outfit," she reached up and wiped the wet sweat from her forehead, dropping her hand, screaming out loud. "What is this? My hand is covered in dry and wet pink tinted blood." She gasped in shock. "I used this hand to smash through each glass floor while cutting my skin. Now, my cut skin tissue bleeds in pink, not red. There are numerous races of aliens that visit and live here on the planet. However, my ancestors and I come from the Star seed alien clan, if injured, we and I bleed in red tinted blood proteins. Why is the color of my hand in pink tint?" She laughed out loud. "I know. I was born as an alien baby with veins of red tinted blood proteins. Each god-kind and goddess-kind is birthed with golden blood proteins. Now, I am a goddess with a veins of golden tinted blood proteins as I kissed on Beck and then I morphed my biological body into a goddess-kind. When the color of dark red and the hue of light golden mix, my blood comes a cute tone of pink. Ah! I love the color of pink. Now, I'm pink on the outside and the inside of my supernatural body, too."
Several of the individual glossy, colorful pages drifted down and hit the red tinted colored hair roots on Cinta. She reached out and snatched up the numerous pages, looking down at colorful page and the single item while laughing out loud. "O! A colorful page of outer space toys from that popular teenly novel called Unknown Me by that cool writer named Ela. I like that writer. She writes people characters that are creative, fun and original, like me. Uoo! And I see an outer space bullet ship used by alien princess Starra also. Alien princess Starra and I both like the color of pink also. Well, girlfriend, I outrank you, now, honey. I'm an alien-goddess with super duper..."
"Help! Help!" Risa continued to hang onto the wall lip with her life force and shouted out loud, barely holding onto Garth wishing for a heavenly miracle.
Cinta looked up and gasped in alarm. "Risa, she is here and live. Garth, he is still here and alive. too. Well, if I save my best friend Risa, then I must save my brother Garth." She released the wad of papers and surrounded her face with a floating row of glossy photographs, reaching out for the first page, slapping the colorful page with both of her hands. A god-kind, a goddess-kind, and alien-goddess could materialize one item from one page. A gigantic toy pink tinted slender air ship from the Unknown Me novel appeared a few feet beside the elbow on Cinta. The ship appeared in a slender bullet shape with a column of three roomy seats and a silver tinted steering wheel inside the pilot's chair. She turned and giggled with amusement. "Awe! It's a girl ship."
Cinta reached out and quickly slapped a single colorful page, producing a white tinted blanket and a matching sleeping pillow inside the three last chairs for her three family members. She jumped down inside the cushioned pink tinted pilot seat with a fake steering wheel. The ship was a toy object for play, not a real machine for work.
She wiggled her alien-goddess powers and drove the toy ship down towards Risa, stopping below a dangling Garth, directing her brother down into the last seat. Risa released her bloody hand and dropped down into the third seat, without commenting.
Cinta shouted out loud with laughter. "Hold on! Belt in! And don't hit your mouth vomit on my back spine, because I hit back. We're hitting the heavens." The bullet ship soared ahead from the glass tower. The shattering and shaky glass tower swiftly dropped down from the air waves and descended down into the central cave clearing the earth soil of paranormal debris and human materials, presenting again a smooth flat-shaped, yellow tinted sandy ground, without any human or god or goddess or alien interference. The earth soil, the heated lava, and the cool spring melted the glass down into the core foreverly and away from the prying eyeballs of the humans also.
Sunday, December 15th


City of Giza within the country of Egypt
12:12 am
Heated night air, without bright stars and moonlight setting


The Great Pyramid continued to emit a massive yellow-whitish tinted upright wave of electricity that blocked the moonlight and stars while illuminating the darkness into bright horizontal waves of colorful rays. Each human stayed safe inside their shelter while admiring the colorful sky with puzzlement.
The first massive wave of electricity had traveled up from the Great Pyramid Anunnaki-made power machine and then swiftly soared around the planet while tapping on each man-made pyramid looking for a conductor to store its massive amount of live currents. Without finding a conductor, the first wave returned back to the Great Pyramid, quickly and quietly withdrawing its long yellow-whitish energy tail from the lighted sky, sucking back down into the ancient bronze-tined machine equipment. The waves of current electrons dissipated revealing the same dark night sky with faint moonlight beans and billions of twinkling stars that really did hold alien life forms, who did not desire to visit Planet Earth for any reason.
From the darkness, a pink tinted toy outer space ship appeared and drove down towards the hard earth dirt with alien-goddess power, plowing a line of black tinted and orange tinted dirt balls into the air and then halted a few feet from a tiny man-made tunnel, viewing the dark tinted naked back spine and the pale tinted bald mound on eighteen years old, Seventh Son of the dead god clan Beck.
Both of his legs and arms were naked of black tinted hair strands displaying an array of tiny blood blisters where the wave of electrons had sucked out each hair follicle from his human body, after taking all of his clothes. He slowly sat upright and blinked both of his working god eyeballs at the parked pink tinted outer space bullet ship, shaking off the dirt, rubbing his naked bone skull with one hand, holding the other one over his private body parts. The wave of electricity had also sucked out each hair follicle from the hair roots leaving an array of tiny blood blisters also which would heal quickly.
Beck smiled at his three paranormal friends. Risa sat backwards in the third seat wearing a white tinted blanket and turned to nod in silence at Beck, after her rough day of non-fun. She healed her bloody hand using her alien powers and used her free hand sending healing magic to Garth. Garth was still injured and unconscious wearing a white tinted blanket, lounging in the last seat.
He laughed. "Cinta, you finally made it to Egypt. Welcome, sweetheart! I knew you were come for me. I'm so happy to see you, darling!"
Cinta continued to sit in the pilot seat and held up her diamond engagement ring, winking at Beck. "I was so mean and rude. I never said thank you for my new engagement ring. Thank you for my ring, Beck! Can you stand and get into the back seat?" She wiggled her hand and sent a white tinted blanket to Beck.
He wrapped the lower part of his body with the blanket and gasped in shock at Cinta. "I..."
She flipped her hand with her glittering engagement ring, easily lifting Beck from the dirt and down into the second seat with a matching white tinted pillow behind Cinta. "Don't worry, darling! I found my alien-goddess powers. Now, I'm the most powerful paranormal on the planet," she laughed and held the fake steering wheel that didn't work the toy outer space ship. "Hold your sour breath and your nervous stomach! We're going back home!" She lifted the ship up from the dirt tunnel and soared at an impossible flight angle into the bright moonlit sky disappearing into the darkness while laughing out loud at her great victory over her nasty gang of enemies and her clan of dead and mean family members. The rest of her friends closed their eyelids and healed their paranormal body inside the roomy back seat.
Six days later...


Saturday, December 21st

10:10 am
City of Los Angeles, within the US State of California
69˚ Fahrenheit with parted clouds of sunshine
Ancient church auditorium setting


Each paranormal teen had healed their wound injures and comforted their angry mind, returning back from the fun and relaxing tropic island vacation spot in the Atlantic Ocean, where supernatural pilot Cinta had flown her family members inside the toy outer space ship using her new alien-goddess powers with ease.
In front of the stained glass window, that occupied the forward wall, inside an empty church auditorium, emitted dull streams of bright light down on the bald spot on the male preacher's bone skull. He lifted up and wiggled his hand to the waiting people inside the lobby space while signaling the organist with the bridal march musical song. The music played in beautiful notes that loudly echoed throughout the empty auditorium that lacked one single attendee.
The double doors were extremely wide and stood open revealing two couples inside the archway.
One couple cuddled each other and presented a face of smiles seeing the signal from the preacher and hearing the bridal musical song. Seventeen years old alien girl Risa hugged her body into her future husband, eighteen years old and still the Seventh Son alien male Garth. She wore an ankle-length silky white tinted gala gown and displayed a pair of light green tinted eyeballs, a tone of golden skin, and a head of blonde hair strands.
Her circular silk skirt was extremely puffy from the three internal itchy crinolines underneath the soft skirt and displayed rows of soft ruffles down to the floor. Her bodice held the same smooth silk without a ruffle or decoration running a straight line across her collar bones with a pair of tiny floppy cap sleeves that set high on her shoulder blades. Her blonde colored long hair was tied in rows of braids that covered her bone skull and intertwined with delicate stems of soft white tinted baby's breath while looking elegant and innocent. Her naked feet displayed a pair of fashion high heels that made her long body tall and elegant also. Risa did not carry a bridal bouquet of flowers but held both of her naked palms onto his arm, displaying a four-carat diamond engagement ring on her left hand, the ring finger.
Garth displayed a head of cropped blonde hair, a pair of green tinted eyes, and a tone of golden hue, wearing a white tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of matching walking shorts, and a set of new matching flip-flops exposing his ten toe bones. He had waited a long time and sweated with worry to marry his girl Risa. He didn't really care about a formal set of clothes, only the safety of his girl.
The other couple cuddled with a pair of smiles too and stared down at the preacher also, hearing the lovely bridal march without moving ahead towards the altar.
Cinta displayed a tone of pink tinted skin and a pair of violet colored eyeballs cuddling with Beck and wore an ankle-length satin skirt, without a single decoration. The skirt train extended a few feet from the hemline looking elegant and simple. Her bodice displayed white tinted lace that covered her upper body, including her two arms. Her naked throat wore a pearl choker. Her two exposed earlobes were decorated in a pair of pearl earrings. Her long red tinted hair flowed down her back spine and was slightly indented with a small pearl comb on her left side. Her naked feet wore a pair of fashion sandals. She did not carry a bridal bouquet of flowers either but held onto Beck with her two naked palms, wiggling a four-carat diamond engagement ring on her left hand, the ring finger.
Beck wore a white tinted linen long suit jacket with a pair of matching trousers, a set of matching slip-on loafers, and a white tinted tee shirt displaying a bald head with no hair strands and a clean face without hair, a pair of eyelids with a pair of hairy eyelashes and a pair of drawn black tinted eyebrows. He lifted up and wiggled his fake painted eyebrows at his girl Cintas as she softly giggled with amusement.
Even the hairy nose hair had been sucked out from his biological body, including some other private spots that shall not be named. The permanent body effect from the massive wave of energy coming out from the Great Pyramid and into the skyline had sucked out each one of his embedded hair follicles from his entire skin tissue while he was stuck inside his man-made tunnel underneath the blackened dirt.
Beck was a hairless god, like a hairless cat. The lack of hair follicles or the non-growth of any hair strands did not bother Beck. He was lucky god male, who was alive and well, after his brilliant plan had been executed and rid the world of his nasty enemies, foreverly.
Garth smiled and continued to hear the lovely bridal musical notes. "Well, this is the end of the line, Beck. Do you really wanna back ..."
"Stop it, Garth! Let's march ahead, Cinta! I'm ready to get married, right now and right here," Risa slapped his arm with a giggle and turned with a smile, nodding to Cinta, returning back to see the preacher.
The two couples slowly marched down the wide aisle and moved side-by-side together in a set of elegant steps as each heart and mind was filled excitement as an upcoming married couple. Their enemies were dead and gone. Their new married life would allow the four paranormal creatures to explore the planet, and maybe, explore the universe, if Garth wanted to do that, too.
On top of the red tinted carpet, each couple continued to cuddle and slowly paced ahead, softly whispering a set of sweet words to each other's cheekbones and then halted in front of the preacher, turning to face each other with a set of smiles and soft chuckles of happiness.
The preacher stood on top of a small wooden podium with an open book, nodding in silence to the organist. She stopped the music and slipped off the bench, spinning around, heading towards the secret door and entered the kitchen while hearing a loud knock on the door. The preacher returned back and cleared his throat, nodding with a smile in silence to the first female.
Risa faced Garth and held both of his hands, smiling with a nod to her almost future husband. "I take you future man for my future husband to live and love through sickness, weather storms, and unnatural fights, darling." She winked at Garth.
He winked back and laughed out loud. "I do, too, babe!"
"I love you, Garth!"
"I love you more, Risa!"
The preacher had agreed that each young couple would recite their own personal marriage vow but that vocal statement didn't make any sense inside his brain cells. He turned and nodded to the second female.
Cinta faced Beck and nodded with a stern face. "I love you, Beck. I'm sorry for my childish behavior in the past which has happening last week. I promise to love and play and stay by your side throughout our long, long immortal life, baby! We are a team here and we are going to enjoy the world and all of her resources, to boot. Thank you for sticking by my side, honey," she smiled at him.
"Ditto, babe!" Beck winked with laughter as Risa and Garth also softly laughed with Beck.
The preacher frowned at the female and her funny wedding vow, exhaling with confusion, shaking his balding skull and then softly stated to the two young couples. "By the power invested in me coming from the US State of California, within the county of Los Angeles, and in the city of Los Angeles by hand in hand, heart to heart, and soul with soul, I pronounce you to be husband and wife. You might kiss each other." Each couple leaned over and kissed in love.
Garth and Beck dropped an arm down to their leg and released out a tiny blue tinted ray from a wiggling index finger pad that started to form a few inches up from the floor and then slowly created an empty heart-shaped object a few feet from the cathedral ceiling tiles above each set of colorful hair roots.
Risa and Cinta lifted up an arm and wiggled an index finger pad releasing out an individual pink tinted beam that slowly formed a slanted long arrow diagonally across the blue tinted empty heart shape that displayed the paired names foreverly: Beck & Cinta, Garth & Risa
The preacher smiled down at each couple who continued to kiss and then smelled the air waves, gasping in shock, smelling a faint odor of fire smoke that might have ignited from the old air-conditioning system. He looked down at the floor and then up towards the ceiling, gasping in shock, seeing a faint outline of a heart with an arrow. He shook his bone skull and closed his two eyelids, opening back up his two eyelids, seeing the empty air waves but felt a heavy object in one hand.
He looked down and gasped in alarm, seeing an empty floor. The two married couples had disappeared from the floor and vanished into thin air, like magic. He looked up and stared down the long aisle, without seeing one of the fluttering wedding dress trains on the girls, feeling strange puzzlement.
His wife, the organist returned back into the auditorium and stopped a few feet from the side door, scanning an empty room, slowly rushing to her husband and stopped on the floor. She stared and communicated in her native tongue to her husband in confusion. "What happened in here? Where are the two young couples? I came from the kitchen setting. There are hundreds of boxes meals ready for consumption in there. But, where are the people from their wedding ceremony?"
He frowned at her and lifted up the small white tinted envelope near his jaw line while conversing back in their native tongue. "I do not know. They left without saying goodbye. But I now hold an envelope. I guess it came from them, before they disappeared from here."
She snatched up the envelope and tore open the lip, pulling a stack of cash money, gasping in shock. "There...there is a huge cash money stack in numerous one hundred US dollar bills. This is a wonderful gift. We can pay our overdue church mortgage notes and restore the heater system for the cold evenings. Then, we can purchase Christmas presents for the children and feed all of the hungry ..."
"Yes, we can!" He reached over and snatched up the hand-written letter, reading the words out loud. "Thank you for our wonderful wedding ceremony, sir and ma'am. We are happily married now and wanted to share our happiness with all of you too. At the Third National Bank of Los Angeles on Rodeo Drive, there is a package with your name and the name of your church that contains a legal check for fifteen million dollars..."
"What!" She screamed in joyous shock.
"There's more in the letter." He continued to read out loud. "We have paid for one thousand plates of hot food and individual pieces of wedding cake which have been delivery to your small kitchen space in celebration of our wedding reception today. But, we needed to leave and rush off to the airport for our wedding trip. Please, do not waste the food plates and enjoy the meal by feeding all of your family members, friends, and strangers for the next few days with our love and peace and joy and hope. Thank you for everything! Praying in oneness! Amen!" He looked up to see the ceiling with a set of tears in his old eyeballs and loudly hollered in joy. "Amen! Glory be to the Lord in heaven!"





CHAPTER THREE


New calendar year and five months later...


Thursday, May 14th
Clear night air and moonlight and twinkling stars
01:01 am
City of Athens, within the US State of Alabama


17 years. 25 days. 18 hours. 13 minutes. 06 seconds. 43 milliseconds old

She opened her two eyelashes, staring up at a white tinted ceiling, lifting up her naked torso up from the wet bed sheets and felt her naked breasts jiggle side to side. Her nipples shrunk and crinkled in coldness from the working air conditioner inside the strange room.
The room was square shape with a single bed, two nightstands, and a large plasma television device. The side wall held a set of closed green tinted curtains below the air conditioning system. The other side wall showed a narrow dark hallway with a closet of closed doors and a side door that led to a bathroom.
The entrance door opened.
She gasped in shock and gathered up the bed linens covering her nakedness with a worried brow.
“Are you up? Hello! Are you awake?” A female voice shouted out loud from the archway and as her body appeared inside the interior dark hallway in the room. The door closed behind her butthole. She smiled at the girl. “Hello! I am…” She moved further into the room with a stern face and a serious tone. “My name does not matter here. You matter here, somewhat. I am a lawyer and come from the Alabama Juvenile Department which represents young people under the age of eighteen years old. Are you named as Prudence Keller?”
Prudence gasped. “Yes!”
The lawyer grinned. “I have some good news for you, Ms. Keller. You were not permanently injured from the car accident last night. But I have to share some bad news too. You were booked on driving under the influence of alcohol charges last night also.”
Prudence gasped in alarm and opened the soft linens, looking down, probing her body for bruises, finding one on her arm. She discovered her nakedness without clothing also. “I am not permanently injured. I didn’t feel good. I need…need to see a doctor.”
The lawyer thumbed the hallway. “You parents have been contacted. They are here outside the motel room. You were discharged from the police station very late after midnight and after you booking for a DUI. Mr. and Mrs. Keller, Prudence is awake. You may enter at anytime.”
“My parents are here. Look. I need a doctor. I have headache and feel funny.” She slapped a hand over my lips. “I feel like…like I’m going to vomit.” She turned and faced the wall, holding her stomach and her lips from sickness and burped, turning back to see the lawyer and a shadow move into the hallway.
The mother of Prudence entered the room, moving to the bed side without a smile and a motherly greeting. Her father stopped and stood beside the lawyer. “Stop, Helena! Do not approach her!”
Helena stopped and hold a small backpack. “You are going to stay here for the time being…”
Prudence pouted with a smirk. “Father.”
Her father sneered. “You’re out of my house today. Give her the back pack, Helena!”
“Father!” Prudence gasped with shock.
Helena stood near the night stand, resting the back pack on the floor with a fake smile. “The back pack contains your driver’s license, your social security card, and your birth certificate, and your personal savings from your bank account. You are eighteen years old…”
Prudence frowned. “Five more days, I’m still a tender teen under your tender loving care…”
“No! You not live with me anymore,” her father crossed his arms with a stern face.
Prudence gasped. “What has happened here to me? To you? I need a doctor. I feel sick…”
Helena nodded. “You are an adult now going out on your own from our house now.”
Prudence gasped. “What! I’m not eighteen years old. I don’t have a job. I’m going to college. I have college scholarships. I received numerous academic scholarships to numerous universities here in Huntsville, Birmingham, Atlanta. I received a scholarship to Harvard for goodness sake.”
The father of Prudence sneered. “Do you curse in front of your elders, child!”
Helena back stepped from Prudence and spun around nodding to her husband. “Time to be on your own now, Prudence! Good bye, Prudence!” Her parents both left the motel room and their daughter. The entrance door closed shut in silence.
Inside the motel room, Prudence tossed both of her arms in the air and shouted out loud with fear, worry, and sadness. “Mother! Father!”
The lawyer moved ahead with a stern face and sat down in the side chair in front of the dark drapes, facing Prudence. “Ms. Keller. I am so sorry. But …”
“They left me. I don’t understand any of this. Is this a joke? I’m seventeen years old. I don’t have a job or money or food …”
“Ms. Keller, do you remember the events of last night?”
She placed her face in her palms with tears and yelled out loud. “No!”
“You were driving home from an event last night. You created a massive car wreck last night. You were booked at the police station for drinking under the influence of alcohol…”
She looked up with a confused brow. “No. I do not drink alcohol…”
“You were drinking last night. Numerous opened and crashed beer cans and broken beer bottles were found inside your personal automobile after the cleaning…”
“Last night. Last night.” She frowned. “I don’t remember anything about last night.”
The lawyer frowned. “Ms Keller, you are a minor child in the eyeballs of the justice and law department during your DUI arrest. Therefore, your parents are responsible for both any type of civil charges and monetary penalties that might be incurred after the cleaning….”
“What? What are you talking about civil charges and monetary penalties?”
“Your father has kicked you out of his house. You cannot go back home, because he will arrest you for trespassing onto his private property.”
“I live there. I was born and raised there. What is going on here and to me?”
The lawyer rattled the paper, handing to Prudence with a stern face. “Please sign this now.”
Prudence reached out and accepted the single sheet of paper, drawing the document to her face, scanning some of the words. “Why! What is it?”
“An emancipation petition. After your sign and date, the petition will be filed with the court today at nine o’clock that you have no more legal parents and it grants you immediately rights of majority. Age of majority gives you the right to sign legal binding contracts, vote, drive, own property. Your father is hurt, angry and upset for your childish crimes.”
She read the paper. “What childish crimes?”
“Your personal automobile vehicle ran a stop sign and then crashed into another automobile vehicle. Then your personal automobile vehicle spun around and then crashed into a small food and gas station, after the cleaning…”
“I missed the doe deer.” Prudence gasped in alarm and looked up to see the lawyer with a confused brow. “I missed the doe deer. I remember the events of late night now. I remembered missing the doe deer standing in the middle of the paved human roadway. I live near the woodlands here in Alabama. Deer herds live everywhere here too. But I hate to eat deer meat.”
“There was not a doe deer dead on that roadway, Ms. Keller. If you had hit a doe deer, then a  dead and bloody doe deer would have been there in the road or down in the ditch. Your breath analyzer revealed alcohol …”
“No! I don’t drink beer, wine, alcohol. Go and ask my mother?”
“At the car crash scene, the police officer tested your breathe and then you failed with flying colors. You could not walk a straight line or recite the first three letters of the English alphabet.”
“No! That's not true. I don’t drink or smoke cigarettes either.”
“I am sorry for you. There was too much hard evidence against your person for any attorney to prosecute and seek justice for everyone, but you. Your father will pay for all the damages and civil lawsuits.”
“What lawsuits?”
“I am afraid. There will numerous lawsuits from all of the crashed vehicle, the damaged food and gasoline store, and all of the dead passengers.”
Prudence gasped. “I was driving my friends from… from…”
“The parents of your high school foes or friends are suing your parents for your careless teen act of driving an automobile under the influence of an alcoholic drink or a DUI.”
Prudence frowned. “I wasn’t drinking alcohol. I saw but did not hit a standing deer in the middle of the road. Then, I swirled the steering wheel to the right and slammed the brakes on my sedan and plowed into the gas station. I remember all the event clearly now. I was not hurt. My… my head ached thou. I was dizzy. I… I vomited all my food from my stomach. That’s…that is a concession. Isn't that right?”
“That was a DUI from drinking too much alcohol, Ms Keller. Do you have a place to sleep for the night?”
She reached up and touched the neckline with nervousness while looking down, reviewing the paper with worry. “I’m over my headache. Thanks for asking!. I’m one of my high school valedictories of my class. I’m a very smart, bright kid in my class. And I might become a legal lawyer, after all of this sh…”
“Should I contact another party for your person, Ms Keller? I assume you do not have a personal mobile telephone anymore, since  your parents are not claiming you.”
Prudence leaned down on top of the table surface and signed the paper with a sour frown. “I do not have any more blood relatives but my mother and my father and my baby sister Ida. Yeah! Ida is a really weird word. My baby sister is named after my dead great grandmother or some person I had never met.” She handed back the pen and the paper to the lawyer. “Now, what happens to me?” She reached up and rubbed the neckline with nervousness again.
The lawyer accepted the paper and reviewed the signature and the date. “You are a free woman as they say. You have the use of this motel room through tomorrow morning at eleven o'clock. You must pay for the next day. This is free benefit coming from Juvenile Justice Department, where I work and to help you get back on your feet, Ms Keller.” She stood upright from the chair and stuffed the paper down into her briefcase exhaling with annoyance at the careless teenager.
Prudence smiled with a nod at the lawyer. “I’m going to attend college. I have college credits in the subject of biology at Huntsville University, which is located off the main highway. I’m going to become a medical physician and help people. I’m smart with my high grades and my high test scores, where I was accepted into the college," she removed her hand from her neckline and looked down, opening up the bed linen sheet, staring down at her body. "Why am I naked underneath this bed linen here inside this motel room? Where are all of my clothes?” She looked up and frowned at the lawyer.
The lawyer exhaled with annoyance. “You were found in a semi-drunk state at the location of the car crash and then you were inspected by a female registered medical nurse there at the local police station. All of your personal clothing on your body contained numerous illegal drug substances. Your parents had granted permission to the police station for your personal clothes as a set of police evidence in your automobile crash. Then you had been discharged in the care of your parents and driven here to this motel for the night hours. I am so sorry about your vile treatment at the police station and by your parents. But look at the brighter side, you got to keep your pretty neckline. I guess your parents could have taken that away too, if they had wanted to.” Prudence closed up the bed linen and stared at the lawyer in silence. The lawyer slightly nodded and moved ahead, shouting out loud “Good day to you, Ms. Keller!” She left the motel room. The entrance door closed.
Prudence exhaled with annoyance and then gasped in alarm, spinning around, tripping over the long bed sheet linen and stopped in front of the bed mattress. She reached down and opened the backpack from her mother, quickly pulling out each items, finding her personal mobile telephone. She laughed out loud with a nod. “One phone call left, before my father cuts the power to the mobile telephone.” She quickly dialed her best friend and heard the ringtone without a connection. Then she rapidly dialing another friend without a connection again. She dialed her five friends without getting a connection and then snapped her fingers, dialing the high school friend, who owned the food and gas station from the car accident. “Hey!”
Prudence listened to her friend on the other end of the phone call.
“Did you heard too? Are you really suing my parents for the accident? It wasn’t my fault. It was a deer…”
Paused and listened to her friend on the mobile telephone.
“Got it. Your parents are suing my parents, not you. My legal case will be won. I was driving my mother’s sedan when I hit a live doe deer in the middle of the road intersection of Maple and Oak. I want you to know that my father will lose his house and his job and his property and his everything. He deserves it too. Hey. I’m kicked out of the house…”
Paused and listened to her friend.
“I have no place to go. I have no money or food or. I just need. What teens? Who’s dead?”
Paused and listened to her friend.
“Me! I am not dead. O! I had killed my friends in the car wreck. Yes, I was driving my mother’s sedan. It has leg room for five or six people. I had my five best friends in the whole world with me. Now, they’re all dead. Everyone is dead. Why are you lying to me? What! My car crash is on the television …”
The mobile telephone connection quickly disconnected and then the sound went quiet.
She jerked the phone from her eardrum and stared down at the black tinted screen, sneering with hate. “My father, he cut off the telephone service,” she tossed the dead telephone onto the bedspread and spun around, snatching up the remote control devise, pointing it at the television screen. The television clicked on and displayed the current news program, a night time scene of red and blue emergency lights on top of the numerous fire trucks, police cars, and ambulances at the sight of a car wreck.
The news reporter frowned into the lenses on the television. “Another drunk driver. Another teen accident. Another sad scene. This is the car wreck which was caused by another teenager, who cannot be named, since the child is a minor. The minor child survived. But her friends all died here inside the burning food and gas station when the gasoline ignited and blow up into heaven. However, the name of the dead can be listed. Since the dead are dead. The names include …”
Prudence clicked off the television screen and leaned over vomiting out a mouthful of green and yellow liquid over the dirty carpet, cleaning off her lips from the smelly puke while sobbing with her wet tears. “I did it. I really did it. I have killed all of my best friends from my car crash.” She spun around with tears and reached out, grabbing the backpack, turning it upside down, dumping out the rest of the contents over the bed spread. She wiped the tears from her eyeballs to see the contents.
She possessed her driver’s license, social security card, high school diploma, her scholarship letter, and a wad of cash money. The money had taken from her personal bank account that totaled one hundred and fifty dollars to pay for food and shelter for the rest of her life. She saw a folded pair of skinny, faded, ripped blue jeans, a pair of cut off blue jeans shorts, and one clean pink tinted tee shirt, a pair of white tinted socks, and her pair of unpolished pink and white cowgirl boots. She sneered. “O! I do not see a girly pink lace panties, mother. But I have my pink bikini top and bikini bottoms. Yeah, I should go the swimming pool for some fun, before looking for a job and a shelter.” She dressed in the bikini and then slipped on the blue jeans, the tee shirt, and the boots, spinning around and moved into the bathroom.
She brushed her teeth and her hair with the free available grooming products from the lawyer, feeling scared, lonely, and afraid, turning and leaving the bathroom.
Prudence moved to the bed, stealing the rows of snacks on top of the writing desk and three cans of sodas for her meals for the next couple of days, storing all the free items down inside her black tinted backpack, zipping the bag shut. She placed it over her collar bone and spun around, viewing the mirror, seeing her bruised face. She touched the blue tinted bruise. “Bruise. Yeah, I was in a car wreck. And I plan to prove my innocent outta of this mess, too. Did you heard me, my mean mother and meaner father? I remember seeing a doe deer and hitting that doe deer dead in the middle of the paved roadway. I’ll find a smarter lawyer that will take my legal case back to a court of law and win it all for me.” She turned to the archway.
The door opened.
She stood in the archway, seeing the bright stars of the morning. “Dang! It's still nighttime here. The sun is still asleep too. The lighted time clock at the local bank reads 3:31 am. Whatever!” She slowly moved across the parking lot towards the roadside, rubbing her necklace with nervousness. “No matter! I ain’t got nowhere else to go. No person to talk with. No place to be, but on the road for the first time in my life. I thought that lawyer said it was nine o’clock in the morning. I didn’t bother to look out the window after vomiting up that nasty stuff from my stomach. I’m near the interstate of the town of Athens.”
Prudence crossed the non-busy city street from the motel, moving down the exit ramp like a car onto the federal interstate without lifting a thumb for hitchhiking. It was very early morning with the moonlight and some bright stars. And she had learned that hitch hiking on any United States government owned road would land your butthole in jail. And she had already been to jail once but couldn’t remember it.
Prudence slowly paced to Birmingham for her free college scholarship money of free four years of college. “My final destination is 100.88 miles. At 3.5 miles per hour pacing foot speed, mind you, I can accomplish that feat in 28.82 hours, a little over a day. And I'm good at math too.”
Before dawn’s early light, Prudence had walked twenty miles in six hours, starting at 3:30 am to 9:30 am from the city of Athens to the city of Priceville, detouring from the interstate into a fast food restaurant for some food and body functions. She finished eating, moving outside.
She crossed the parking lot to the roadway and slowly hiked up the exit ramp hill that led down to the interstate as the car slowed.
The car pulled over into the grass as the driver’s window dropped. He smiled and very respectfully and kindly enough asked if she wanted a ride to Cullman, where he lived.
Prudence accepted and paid for the petro in his car at the gasoline station in Cullman, changing into her old and worn cut off blue jean shorts as her pink bikini bottom peek-a-booed through the shredded material. She moved through the parking lot, crossing the busy street and moved down the exit ramp down to the interstate roadway.
At the current time of 12:31 p.m. “Hot here in Bama in the month of May…” Prudence removed her tee shirt and wrapped the item around the rough straps on the cheap black tinted backpack, exposing her pink tinted bikini top and her naked skin to the bright sunrays. She slowly moved over the grassy shoulder of the interstate, looking up to see the bright sun, shading her two eyelashes. “Good thing! I don’t burn or suntan.” She looked ahead with a sigh. “I left the city of Cullman. The next small town is called Haysville which is eight miles down the roadway. The time is 12:33 pm. My pacing foot speed is less than 2.6 miles-per-hours. Yeah, I'm swift, ya'll!”
Numerous sets of rolling rubbed tires screeched without stopping, creating numerous loud sounds of bang, boom, and crash over the interstate roadway behind Prudence. She turned with a gasp to see numerous car wrecks behind her collar bone on the interstate.
The tractor-trailer smacked into rear end of SUV. The SUV rear-ended the luxury sedan. The luxury sedan plowed into the rear bumper of the van. The van slid to the side and landed down into the ditch off the interstate road. A long of vehicles slammed on a brake pedal but could not stop, plowing into the rear end of each other.
A pickup truck slammed on the brake pedal, turning and moving to Prudence.
She screamed, running sideways, falling down into the deep ditch as the pickup truck driver recovered, turning back into the roadway, driving around the wrecked cars.
The skyline musical sounds with a series of metal booms and brake squeals as Prudence rested on her back spine over the sharp weeds, cutting into her legs and arms inside the deep ditch. Car horns blasted around the air waves as the sirens from the numerous emergency vehicles responded and parked around the numerous car accidents.
The dog leaped from the parked car, sniffing around the pavement, running down the shoulder of the road and jumped, leaping on top of Prudence. “Ugh! You’re big and heavy. Off, doggie!” Prudence frowned with a yell.
The dog answered. “Woof. Woof.”
A husky tenor said and stood on the shoulder of the roadway as the sheriff looked down at the girl with a smirk. “Young lady, you’re a walking felony. Come here, Ralph. This is Ralph, my dog.” The dog leaped off the girl, moving back to his master, kneeling at his boot toes.
She slowly stood and gasped, seeing the numerous car wrecks on both sides of the interstate. The obnoxious car drivers were yelling and waving hands at each other as a line of police officers with in dark uniforms with golden badge and guns calmed the crowd. Prudence turned and frowned to the sheriff. “I was not hitchhiking. I’m just walking over the interstate minding my business, sir.”
“Come with me, miss,” he turned and moved to the police car, opening the front passenger door. “Have a seat. So we can talk in semi-privacy.” He held the door with a stern face.
Paris slid into the front seat with a sour frown. “I’m not hitchhiking, officer. I’m walking on the grass in the shade. It’s a hot day in the month of May. I can start moving. I’m walking, not hitchhiking to Birmingham. Am I in trouble, officer? May I go please? I must travel another forty miles to reach my destination which is around fifteen hours…”
“I’m sheriff from the small town of Greystone over the hill. No, miss! There’s no statutory code making it illegal to walk along the freeway. It’s only illegal to hitchhike, but not to walk. Ya going to walk fifteen hours straight to where? The next town is Gardendale, that’s another ten hours.”
She rummaged inside her backpack, pulling a wrinkled letter with a smile. “See, my acceptance letter, my scholarship to Birmingham University. I graduated high school too.”
He punched on the computer laptop on the dashboard. “I can see that you’re a smart girl with a record of good studies. So tell me your story, miss?”
She exhaled. “My dad kicked me out of house this morning, sir. Here’s my driver’s license and my birth certificate and my high school diploma…uh…last night or this morning…”
“Your driver’s license shows seventeen years old. The age of majority is nineteen years old in Bama.”
She nodded. “I signed an emancipation petition with the lawyer…”
“I see that you signed this piece of paper. Okay. Here in the US State of Alabama, the word, emancipation, means that you can do things like drove a car, get a job, and vote. All right! You are free. But I gotta take your person to my jail …”
She gasped. “Jail! What for?”
He pointed to multiply car wrecks with a chuckle. “That mess over there. Your presentation in a bikini top probably caused a pleasurable distraction. I gotta hold ya for your safety, mostly. If one of the car drivers cites you for the blame, then ya get a lawyer for free to defense your bikini bottom,” laughing.
She gasped. “I did not cause the car pileup. I wasn’t driving a car. I was walking.”
The car moved onto the road, driving to the police station. He chuckled. “Yeah. That’s what they all say.”
At 01:01 pm at the Greystone Police Station location, the police officer stopped and scooted out from the police car, moving to her side and opened the car door for the dog. The dog jumped out, moving into the small building with the words: Sheriff Office. The sheriff opened her car door with a smile. “Okay. You can stay here in one of the uncomfortable cell rooms, until tomorrow morning. Then I’ll let you go. Better yet, I personally drive you down to the city of Birmingham.”
Prudence stood with a smile, moving with him to the building. “Really! You will drive me to the city of Birmingham.”
“Yeah.” He opened the door of the building with a smile. She entered first. The sheriff moved ahead to the jail cell door, rattling open a rusty door of bars. “Sorry! I got two small prison chambers with one cot and a toilet each. There’s a long white tinted curtain on the side. Pull it shut for your privacy time. Okay?”
Prudence moved into the small prison cell with a sour frown and a nod. “Yes sir.” She turned and pulled the curtain over the real dark colored prison bars, moving to a small cot, resting over the bed of blankets. She closed her eyelashes, exhaling a puff of worry and frustration. “He does not lie like my father. He tells the truth like an angel. He will take me to Birmingham.” She rubbed her face, feeling the steam of heat over my sweaty skin, yelling with a sour frown. “It’s hot inside my prison cell, sir. Sheriff, ya forgot to turn off the heater…”
The dog barked, running through her open prison door, leaping onto her chest. Prudence grunted from the heavy mammal and intense smell, shoving the dog off her body and stood from the cot with a gasp. The dog fell off her body and onto the floor with a thud. Prudence squatted, touching the dog with a gasp. “He…he is dead. Ralph, are you dead?” She stood, turning to see the fluttering curtain with a gasp. “Sheriff, what’s happening? Your dog, he’s sick or something.” She moved to the curtain, pulling it open with a gasp. “Sheriff, what’s wrong? You’re on the floor.” She touched him with a gasp. “You’re not moving. Are you dead too?”
The door opened.
The heavy white steam covered the eyelashes of Prudence.
A voice yelled through the thick mist and then a male body with long brown tinted hair and a pair of gray eyeballs appeared inside the open archway inside the single room police station house. “There, she is. The prisoner has attacked the sheriff. Grab her!”
A set of numerous hands grabbed and lifted Prudence into the air as she screamed, moving from the unconscious sheriff and his two police officers, and into the rear seat of another police car.
At 01:31 pm, in front of the Greystone court house building, the local police car stopped in the rear of the building. One of the police officers opened the door, grabbing and dragged Prudence from the back seat, moving into the building.
Inside the building, she marched down a long quiet hallway to a side door.
The door opened.
Teen Prudence was shoved through the archway to a small table alone, standing without a chair for sitting. She faced a large and wide bench of wood, recognizing a regular court room.
The bailiff stood in the middle of the room and shouted with a stern face. “Please rise up and stand for the judge!” The other person stood with a smile. Prudence was already standing with her two police officers between her.
The judge moved inside the room and rustled his robes, sitting at his bench, looking up with a smile to see the court galley. “Welcome to the Jefferson County Juvenile Court, a rich and storybook place in our community….”
“That’s storied, Your Honor.” The prosecutor stood with a sour frown.
The judged grinned. “O! You have heard my sermon. Good. I paraphrase quickly. This court was established first in the year 1953 and operates under me, the judge. I got exclusive jury over all the misguided teenagers of Jefferson County. That’s you, who violate laws and who need protection.
The lady prosecutor smiled with a nod. “Thank you. I am Shirley Wright, the district attorney for the county. Miss Prudence Killer…”
“Keller! My name is Prudence Keller, not killer. Please, listen to me.” Prudence shouted with a sour frown and furious tone wiggling her upright body and waved both of her arms in the air, slamming both of her arms down onto her shirt.
The prosecutor smiled. “Ms. Keller is a misguided and misunderstood teenager. Under the Alabama Juvenile Justice Act Rule 12 15-30, she is a delinquent, where a child is alleged to have committed a crime and san child in need of supervision, where a child is alleged to have committed a juvenile status offense. The first minor offense is a hitchhiking charge from the city of Athens to here in Greystone, wearing a summertime outfit of ripped shorts and a bikini-type top plus lots of skin. Her other offenses include ducking her DUI charges and escaping from Athens in the middle of the night as the police watched the motel room. Her parents were forced to pay for that room while the defendant was awaiting DUI charges and numerous other violations including bottles of alcohol and joints scattered on the floor. I have the receipts and the second police report. Miss Killer…”
“Keller!” Prudence shouted out loud with a sour frown.
“During her slow hike from the northern city of Priceville down to the community of  southern town of Greystone, this female had caused a six-car pileup. Numerous eyewitnesses had perfectly described a tall female in a non-existing outfit walking on the interstate pavement resulting in numerous bodily injuries on numerous drivers and passengers and over one million dollars in property damages on each wrecked automobile, truck, van, sports car, SUV, jeep, semi-tractor truck, and motorcycles, Your Honor.”
The door opened.
Helena entered the court room with a sour frown and a shout. “Your Honor, please don’t kill her inside the gas chamber. I love my little girl. However, she did kill the dang dog that lived at our home with the lawn mower one heated afternoon.” A rolling tray followed behind the butthole on Helena with a white dead animal on top, resting sideways without moving.
“Mother!” Prudence turned with a sneer to see her parents, who stopped and stood beside the right collar bone on their daughter.
Wright sneered. “Your Honor, Miss Killer is charged with suspicion of poisoning of all pets at her jail cell. She was inside the prison jail cell and activated a tank of highly dangerous chemicals between the slots of her jail cell somehow. The chemicals frozen the dog and it scheduled to die from its pain and suffering this afternoon. Sheriff Hank is unconscious but stable in the hospital here in Haysville. He is expected to make a full recovery, sir.”
Helena stopped in front of the judge with tears. “She didn’t mean to murder all those kids…”
“Murder?” The judge gasped.
Helena nodded. “It was a car wreck when she was drunk on beer and stoned on pot like all of the other crazy and insane teenager become these modern days. Of course, it wasn’t our fault that she was drinking bottles of cold beer and racing out of control. She is only seventeen years old. So, we decided and kicked her butthole out of our loving home for our protection and safety.”
The judge frowned. “All right! I have decided. I am prohibited from locking up this teenage, because she is a runaway from a loving and happy home.”
“Yes.” Helena nodded. “She is seventeen years old and ran away from our loving and happy home. Prudence needs some major teenly help for all of her numerous mentally mind and body health problems. I beg the court to help her, before it is too late for Prudence.”
The judge nodded with a stern face to Helena. “I will do just that, madam. Prudence Killer is sentenced to attend and live at a juvenile work center facility which is located here in the township of Greystone. It is a home for lots of troubled teens and provides medical and academic services as well, so she can finally graduate from high school and become a normal citizen with a working job and a rental apartment, before it is too late.”
“Keller! My name is Prudence Keller, not killer. And I have graduated from my local high school already. I possess a high school diploma. I just wanna go to college and start hard becoming an normal American citizen, sir.” Prudence rolled her eyeballs with a sneer and rubbed her neckline with nervousness. The female police officer appeared behind Prudence and reached up, grabbing both of the arm, securing a new pair of handcuffs on the wrist bones on the teen, swinging the girl to face the closed entrance doors. They slowly moved ahead in silence. The judge slammed the gravel and ordered the next juvenile care in front of his bench.
In front of the judge's bench, Helena spun around with a smile and waved at the butthole on Prudence. “I love you, daughter. Be a good girl! Bye, Prudence! I hope to see you soon, but, maybe never!”
The police officer slowly moved through the lobby and outside the building, climbing into the back of a police van. Prudence gasped. The police officer removed the handcuffs with a sneer. “Sit down! Don’t enjoy your ride!”
Prudence moved ahead and kneeled on the floor of the van, patting the sick dog behind its ears. “I’m sorry, Ralph. I didn’t do anything. I love all animals and all of my freedom.” The police van jolted forward with sounds of the sirens and flashed the lights to the juvenile center.
At 02:12 pm, on a hot and heated day, in front of the Greystone Juvenile Work Center Facility, the surrounding dull tinted and dirty concrete gates were seven feet high around the vast complex of earth dirt and groves of trees which displayed a sharp barbed wire on top of the concrete gate and an individual armed guard house with two people. The gate smoothly opened. The police car drove inside the complex and then stopped underneath the veranda of a large building.
A tall skinny female with a sneer opened door of the police car, shouting. “Out, teen. This is your new home for the next three years. Follow me. My name is Mehire.” She turned and moved into an old brick building, stopping in front of a huddle of other teens.
Prudence scooted out from the car and flinging her backpack over her collar bone, rubbing her neckline with worry, following behind Mehire through the open archway. She stopped beside a huddle of unfamiliar teenagers, a mixture of tall and short males and females.
Mehire spun around with a sneer and jabbed a finger at the new teen. “This is Prudence, a runaway, a murderer, and an exile like each one of you, losers. Class is starting now. Grab your gear now. Follow me or no supper tonight now. This is not your mama’s loving home.” She turned and moved down the long hallway in a slow gait.
The other teens turned in silence, following Mehire down the same long hallway.
Prudence released her neckline and squatted, lifting up one of the sleeping bag, following behind the other teens. She turned and smiled at the nose profile on the unfamiliar teen female. “Hi! I’m Prudence. But, you know that, too. Let me stream my past life properly for your eardrums, ma'am! Valedictorian. Graduation. Exile …”
“Quiet back there! No talking!” Mehire moved down a long hallway, passing numerous open doors. “This is the main hallway of the house. There ain’t no an array of art paintings on the walls for beauty or a lunch room for eating or a movie theatre for watching entertainment shows or a music room with a piano for singing joyous songs or a library with real books for reading or a computer room with internet access for fun. This is your work farm, working the farm and the forest all day and all night. There ain’t no computer sessions or a swimming pool or a tennis court or a hot tub but lots of walking trails. This is the resident wing for the guards like me with a living room for eating fun entertainment shows and a kitchen for food meals.” She halted in front of the door.
The door opened.
At 02:21 pm, Mehire moved out the house through the patio doors over a series of embedded pretty stones in the manicured grass and down a row of manicured bushes into a grove of the thick forest of tall trees, low plants and pretty wildflowers.
Prudence frowned at the miles of tall shade trees. “Why are we walking through the old house and then out of the old house prancing along a beaten stony pathway and moving down into the lush green forestland? I don’t like the forest or the trees…”
Mehire moved deeper into the thick, rich, lush green tinted forestland and yelled out loud at each new teen. “Quiet back there! Or none of you will receive the suppertime meal for you and your classmates!”
A folded fist slammed hard into the back spine on Prudence as she fell forward with a gasp of fear, running into the forward teen and balanced back into her same spot, following Mehire to some awful place in the forest.
Mehire stopped and turned, pointing down to the ground. “This is the spot of your camp site. All these woodlands belong to the government for free. All these woodlands are used by the people for free. But the people likes to dookie on the free woodlands. You will clean up trash from aluminum cans to paper cups to snack food wrappings from the grass, the weeds, the bushes, and the trees now and until nightfall. You sleep outside. You pee outside. You eat outside. On each side of me, there is a row of sleep indoor cabins here in the woods. One for the girls. One for the boys. No mixing the sexes. No girlfriends here. No boyfriends here either. The guards and me sleep in the house.”
Prudence raised her arm with a smile. “Ma’am, this is a licensed teenager work center in the pretty landscape of Greystone. I visited the city here once with my parents. However, teenagers of school age are required to attend academic classes of math, science, literature, and history every day from eight am to three pm. Where is the academic portion of our class time here inside the forest of trees and itchy bugs before I am required to perform any type of domestic chore, such like, the trash collection of nasty man-made items from the forest landscape?”
Mehire sneered. “Right. Academic time. What is one plus one?”
A petite red-haired teen female raised her arm with a smile and a shout. “Two…”
Mehire nodded. “Correct, female. You do not wash the supper dishes tonight. You are excused after supper to have some fun and run around the woodlands like a pixie. What is four times eight?”
A tall brown-haired teen male raised his arm with a smile and a shout. “Thirty two…”
Mehire nodded. “Correct, male. You do not have to wash your dirty clothes today. The other teen will wash your dirty clothes. You are excused after supper to have some fun and run around the woodlands like an elf with the pixie. When did the Revolutionary War of America start?”
Prudence raised her arm with a smile and a shout. “1776…”
Mehire laughed. “Correct. Ya get to build the girls latrine for pee and dookie.”
Prudence gasped with shock. “But my answer is correct. When the other two teens provided the correct mathematical answers, they were exempted from the nightly domestic chores. The Revolutionary War of American started in the year 1776.”
Mehire turned and moved to a line of trees with a laugh. “Ya right. The answer is the year 1776 when the Revolutionary War of America started. And new teen, ya get to dig out a latrine for pee and dookie for the girls and the boys. Follow me now.”
The teen leaned with a whisper and a giggle to the nose profile of Prudence. “Our task mistress meanie Mehire likes to play a mental mind game with each new teen like you. That’s how she orders the new teens to do the nasty work always. You are correct in answering the third question. But do not answer the third question ever again, so you don’t get to do the dirty word. Bye, new teen! You, alone and lonely get to go and dig out the girl's pookie, dookie latrine,” the girl laughed and dashed away from Prudence.
Mehire moved deeper into the forestland and shouted out loud. “New teen, follow me right now!”
Prudence spun around with a frown and caught up with Mehire, turning to stare at the nose profile on the older woman. “Ma’am, excuse me!”
“You will dig the latrine. A latrine is a flat toilet down in the ground.” She stopped and pointed at the spot. “Your domestic tool is called a shovel. The shovel is on the ground where the latrine will start. The latrine needs to be five inches deep, five feet long, and five inches wide. Do your best. Or make a long hole in the ground.” She turned and moved forward back to the campsite with the other experienced teens with a laugh and a smirk.
At 02:44 pm, in the heated sunlight, Prudence squatted and lifted the shovel and stood, slamming the tip into the hard dirt, shifting the dirt to the side. “Ugh. I hate the forest, the trees, the plants, the flowers, the bugs. Bee…” She lifted her shovel, swinging and killing the bee before it stung her with pain.
At 03:16 pm, Prudence stopped, wiping the sweat with her bloody hands from the manual labor and stared into the trees.
Two of the teen males squatted over a plot of red dirt. One pointed down to the dirt with a yell as Prudence stood in silence, easily overhearing the private conversation. The male teen worked his hands with an object with a smile and a nod. “Flint. Scrape or rub the rock surface lightly with a sharp instrument or a pocket knife, particularly to relieve any type of itchy wound or a shallow cut or a mosquito attack on your body. Mosquitoes are bad here at night being near the smelly pond water.” The teen males stood and lifted up a shirt tail, rubbing the object over the exposed skin with a chuckle and a grin. Then they turned and moved back to the huddle of other teens at the campsite.
Prudence scanned the forest with a whisper. “I don’t wanna get eaten up by mosquitoes either.” She squatted and found a rock. “I found a grey stone. The gem resembles a moonstone with twirling hard shades of gray, charcoal, and slate. And a grey stone is luck stone, a touch stone, and a health stone. However, it really is a flint stone made from mud, salt, and water found underneath the ponds around the dirt grounds.” She sat on the dirt and whipped out her pen knife. A southern bell never left home without her personal pen knife. She slowly struck the rock as a set of fine dust of gray powder sprinkled over her hands.
Mehire yelled. “The hour is the suppertime. Come here and eat the plate of food or no more food.”
At 04:04 pm, in the heated day, Prudence stored the flint rock and her pen knife down into her cut off blue jeans shorts, standing over the hole in the earth. “I’ll be back, sweet and smelly Latrina.” She turned with a giggle and jogged to the campsite for a plate of hot food, stopping and stood a few feet from the tree stump with a sour frown. She wiped off the greasy food stains of supper from her wet face with her raw bloody hands, without a proper napkin, passing the newly built latrine, not watching the other teen girls pee and dookie in the hole with a giggle, stopping at the door of the cabin.
The red-headed female stopped beside Prudence with a grin. “You get the cabin all to yourself tonight. We bunk and bump with the teen males underneath the stars all night long…”
Prudence gasped in shock. “But!”
“We are here all night long. Good night, Prune!” She turned with a smile and ran to the teen male, hugging and then kissing his face.
At 07:40 pm, after the 7:37 pm sunset within the dark night without stars, unwilling prisoner Prudence huffed in annoyance and spun around moving ahead towards one of the empty cabins and then stopped, opening the door into darkness.. She entered the dark room and then closed the door behind her butthole. She stood in darkness, reaching and searching for the light switch. The lights powered on. She screamed, falling down on her kneecaps, holding her face of tears and sniffed the snot back into her nose, standing upright and viewed. 
A comatose white husky dog was resting on top of a full size bed mattress inside the one room cabin for the night. She held her heart from the mean surprise from the other teens or the other guards.
She moved and kneeled by the dog, touching and rubbing its fur with a sad face. “Soft and warm. He ain’t dead only asleep. So, I will sleep on the floor. Give ya some peace and quiet.” She stood, gently pulling off a blanket and a pillow for the floor, resting on the cool wood, closing her eyelashes from the horror of the day.
At 09:09 pm. Prudence felt the warm body and the thumping heart rate, feeling safe and secure, turning into the fresh mint breathe, opening her eyelashes and screamed.
The warm body jerked from her body in the darkness, standing and running to the wall and flipped on the lights. He turned and smiled to Prudence. “Surprise, babe…”
She stood from the floor with a gasp, pointing to the door. “How do you get inside here? Who are you, sir? What are you doing in here, boy? Get away! Go away from me and from here!”
The tall male teen possessed dark skin, shoulder length brown hair, brown whiskers and a pair of blue eyes with a bright smile and a naked torso. “I’m Ralph. I’m the dog that was resting over the bed. That was so nice of you to give up your the comfortable space on the soft mattress. No one does any type of nice favors for me ever.”
She looked down at the bed and gasped. “O no. The sick dog’s gone. Where did it go? O no. We gotta find the dog. Did someone take the sick dog?”
He smiled. “Woof. Woof. I am Ralph, babe. I ain’t sick.”
She frowned. “How it is possible for you to be the dog and the human Ralph?”
“I’m a werewolf that looks like a dog. I am all white with a pair of blue eyes. Woof. Woof.”
She frowned. “No. You are not a dog. No. You are not a werewolf. No. You are one silly teens at work center to annoy me…”
He gasped. “We’re at the teenage work center in the city of Greystone?” She nodded in silence. He chuckled, reaching and touching for the knob of the closed door. “Ya might wanna close your eyeballs or turn around, darling?”
She frowned. “Why would I close my eyelashes or turn away from your person? I do not know you, sir. You might attack me or something.”
He swished the bed linen around his lower body with a chuckle and a wink. “I’m completely naked underneath the bed linen, doll. And I need some clothes for my nakedness. So we can go and paint the town, darling. When I morph into an animal state, my clothes don’t conform.” Prudence gasped, turning around to see the wall, dropping part of her bed linen over the floor. He laughed. “I love your naked peachy colored butt, babe. You might wanna fine your missing clothes too for our fun tonight.” He turned and opened the door, kneeling over the archway to the ground, touching the soil.
Prudence gasped in shock and squatted down, lifting the bed linen over her naked body too. She had awoke during the night feeling both sweaty and hot and removed all her clothing, since the cabin did not contain an air conditioning unit and the bed linens were cooler over her naked body. She turned and stared at his naked back spine.
And then his bed sheet disappeared.
His naked back spine was covered in a white shirt and a pair of blue jeans. Ralph stood, turning with a smile and a chuckle, wearing a pair of cowboy boots too, advancing to Prudence. She gasped, back stepping into the bed linens around her body, holding up her palms from the attack. He grinned. “Awe, girl! Why are both of your hands cut with wounds and dried with your blood?” She hit the wall as he touched both her palms with a smile and a pair of dirty hands. She gasped, feeling a warm sensation on both her hands. He pulled back with a smile and a pair of dirt covered hands. “All better now, doll.”
She looked down at her palms, glowing in healthy peach tones. “How? How did you? You are a werewolf. I believe. How do you do this?”
“All paranormals like me have numerous supernatural powers. One is healing.” He touched her naked arm. “I like you naked, babe. But you can’t come with me in that state of disarray.”
She gasped, feeling a cool sensation, looking down over her body. “I have clothes too. You touched me. Now I wear a blue jean skirt, a clean pink shirt, and a pair of polished cowgirl boots. Where did the new clothes come from? These are not mine. How did you get my clothes and your clothes? And how did you do all this?”
He cuddled her to the archway with a grin and a chuckle and moved to the closed door. “I’m a creature of the earth, the soil. The soil has minerals and magic. So I touch the dirt to my naked body and it provides me clothes and other stuff for my paranormal needs.”
She gasped, moving with him, touching her clothes with a smile. “The dirt changed into clothing for me and you. Wow. There are four elements here on Planet Earth which are earth, fire, wind, and water. Does the other paranormal kind utilize the other three elements somehow?”
He chuckled, opening the door for the lady. “You’re too swift thinking, darling. I must be careful not to reveal too many of my paranormal secrets.”
Prudence stepped outside the cabin, scanning the moonlight, feeling the cool temperatures. He cuddled and chuckled into her face. She smiled into his nose profile. “Where are we going, sir werewolf? Ralph, why are we tromping back into the forest? Forest woodlands have wild animals like wolves and coyotes.”
He slowly padded with Prudence deeper into the wilderness and further away from the rows of log cabin that did not hold a human as each human was attending a campfire and having a better time than Prudence. He smiled. “We are heading back to my pad. Is that okay with you, pumpkin? I really don’t wanna spend the night in the work center this evening. You didn’t know me before, but you’re learning to know my now, pumpkin. This place is called Darling Forest." Ralph stopped with a smile and pointed at the grove of trees. “When two lovers etch a single initial together with an old fashioned heart symbol into the bark of the tree, they are lovers always and forever until the end of time. This forest tells the lover tale.”
I gasped. “Trees are usually green. However, these trees are bleached in pure white. But there is a stain in the middle of tree bark. The stain looks like it is blood red.”
“Yeah. It’s the blood of each lover. The tree is not dying but waiting for the love couple to unity again always and forever.”
“Why?”
“Something is attacking the paranormal life forms like me. During the day, I roam in an animal form like the rest of my kind. At night, I’m me again. However, for the past six months, paranormals have been permanently encased as an animal for some strange reason.”
“Is you single initial there somewhere in the Darling Forest tree with another initial?”
“Naw. I ain’t found my wedding mate. Hold my hand tight. We’re going to m-dash to my pad which is about twenty miles into the deep forest. The letter represents magic, since all paranormal do magic and humans do not.”
They held hands as Ralph led, dashing swiftly around the trees and the low plants like a pair of white ghosts and halted.
She smelled the sweet odor of honey and felt the intense heat of sunlight, but it was moonlight. The exploding fire balls sizzled in the crisp night air. She sniffed the hotness of both the building and the male and gasped. “What is that structure?”
He cuddled her with a smile. “The Furnace.”
She gasped. “I don’t understand. What is a human rusty steel-coated building doing in the middle of the tree forest? How is possible for a piece of tall metal to exist in the woodlands without burning down the trees and branches?”
He laughed. “It is all done by magic, pumpkin. The building is named, The Furnace, which is sixty stories of firing breathing metal and steel and flames.”
The wind roared as the flames of fire shot from the metal into the skyline.
She back stepped from the building and shook her curls in fear. “It’s…it’s alive.”
“It’s an ancient burning steel house from the 1950s. I think.” Ralph cuddled Prudence with a smile. “Welcome to the world of the paranormal, pumpkin! Let’s go inside and explode for fun.”
Prudence smiled and whispered for her eardrums only. “Pumpkin! O! That is me,” she giggled with love feelings.


The Furnace location


The building was sixty stories high without a single glass window as each solid wall of metal around the structure released an array of individual plumes of colored flame and heat in red, blue, and yellow tones. The front entrance was an extra wide archway without a set of doors also. The ground entrance walkway was made of seashells in pretty tint colors of pink, yellow, white, beige, and brown.
Prudence crunched her boot toes over the shells and stopped, squatting and touching the shells with a smile. “These…these are pretty pink and white and yellow sea shells from the sea shore. But there isn’t a shoreline near the city of Greystone. The rural town of Greystone is a land-locked plot of forest trees and numerous ponds of water.” She stands with a confused brow.
Ralph laughed with a nod. “You’re slick, pumpkin. I must watch my werewolf manners around you.” He kicked some of the shells from his footpath. “It’s a gift from the snobby and arrogant goddess-kind and god-kind paranormal life forms.” The shells emitted a beam of pink, yellow, peach and white from each shell up to the skyline.
Prudence followed the path of an individual shell, leading up and merging with the other pretty rays with a smile. “It is so beautiful like a set of lights in the blue sky.” She turned and gasped with a giggle to Ralph. “Goddess-kind and god-kind, do they really exist here on the planet? Are they there also inside the Furnace too? Can we meet one or a couple of them? I was always fond of the goddess of war.”
He turned and looked up at the tall metal building with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Naw. They’re too good for fire and metal. They live in stone houses on the salty oceans. They come by every once in a while to visit and spy on us.”
She frowned at his nose profile. “Why do they spy on you?”
He exhaled with a huff of perturbment, turning with a sour frown to see her. “We are the babies within the paranormal family, when we are compared to the set of older and wiser goddesses and gods. Let’s go inside and explore. I want you to meet all of my friends.” He turned and moved to the open archway.
Prudence turned with a nod and a smile and gasped, standing inside the open archway with Ralph.
The room was fifty feet in height from the floor up to the ceiling and three hundred feet in width. The room was an enclosed space in the color of silver metal without a window with a set of numerous vertical slotted and slanted air vents around the room. The air vents hissed and released vertical clouds of thick heated white steam. The lower part of the metal showed a landscape of tiny green plants between big and small tan colored boulders.
The paranormals wore a set of shaggy animal hides of brown or white colors. The males dressed in a set of brown loin cloth from the waist down to the kneecaps. The woman displayed a white bodice from the breasts down to waist. From the waist down to the kneecaps, the woman wiggled in a white shredded skirt. Each paranormal was very tall in height with a big head, a wide naked chest, and carried a long club.
Prudence sniffed the air with a smile. “I smell pine cones.” She patted her arm with a confused brow, shifting back and forth in the archway out of the room and outside in the air. “It’s dry and heated in this room and cool and moist outside in the forest. I don’t understand. But I’m not sweating. They look like a gang of cavemen and women and they smell like pine cones.”
Ralph smiled. “Yeah. I guess that would be an image from a human perspective. These are ogres.
She gasped with shock. “Ogres are large and ugly monsters that eat human beings. I’m a human. You are not.”
He turned with a sour frown to see her nose profile. “Look, babe. Paranormal do not eat humans. Okay? These are my friends and your new friends now. The ogre species is large and ugly. Granted. They eat on plants and vegetables always. Let’s move inside for our nightly entertainment.” He moved and dragged her into the room.
She stepped on top of the metal floor, feeling the smooth heated metal underneath her naked toes and screamed, dropping the object. The object hit the metal floor with a ting. “Ah. I am not naked. But my polished and shiny cowgirl boots are gone. Ah. My cute little blue jean skirt’s gone too. Ah! My clean pink shirt is gone too. I’m wearing a one piece bathing suit with white skirt down to my kneecaps with my naked feet. I…I look like the other female ogres. I have a club too. I dropped it on the floor. And you…you look like the other male ogres with only a loin cloth and your nice naked chest. Where…where’s our clothing? What…what’s happening to me in here, Ralph?”
Ralph twirled his club with a laugh and a grin in his free hand, leaning with a whisper to her cheekbone. “This is the Furnace, a magical place for all. Each level is housed with a set of different paranormal life forms. And each level has it’s a unique fun action theme. The ogre species love the cavemen scene. They enjoy dressing and acting like cavemen and women at the Furnace. During the days of the ogre, uh, don’t ask me. I’m a werewolf. During the day, I’m colored in white and look like a dog and do doggies things like pee on the bushes and hunt for rabbits for food.”
She gasped with mystery. “Why are you a dog in an animal state during the daylight hours but not the nighttime hours?”
Ralph exhaled with a puff of intrigue. “Actually, I am a dog all the time. Remember when we met? I was a dog with the sheriff. So I don’t know exactly. I used to strut around in human state all the time day or night. I could trans-morph into a dog state on demand. Then one day, I couldn’t.”
“Hey, Ralph.” The large ogre moved and stood in front of Ralph with a smile and a nod, dropping his club down to the floor with a ting.
Ralph looked up with a smile to the tall ugly ogre, punching his two folded fists into the rounded tummy of the large man. “Hey, D-man. This is my new friend.” He turned with a grin to see Prudence. “Um. What’s your name, doll?”
Oscar turned, leaning down and gently punching his two folded fists into her chest with a wink to Prudence. “Ya betta watch your body parts with this one? He’s a dog.”
She laughed with a wink and a nod to the ogre. “Thanks. I have already met the wiggling tail of dog. But I will be very attentive and careful. Thanks for the advice. My name is Prudence Keller…”
“Killer? Did you say that your name was Killer?” Oscar the ogre gasped with a confused brow. 
“No. My name is Keller, not killer.” Prudence shook her curls and her hands with a confused brow at the ogre.
“O. You’re not a killer. Got it.” The male ogre laughed.
Ralph turned with a laugh to see her nose profile. “So do I call you prunie, precious, or pumpkin?”
She turned with a laugh and a wink to Ralph. “If I must choose a name, then you can call me Prudence.”
“Pumpkin, it is…” Ralph nodded with a laugh, hugging her, lightly tapping her cheekbone and pulled back with a grin.
Prudence turned with a giggle to see the ogre. “You look a lot like Bigfoot.”
The male ogre laughed. “That’s my baby bro. He used to live out west somewhere along the Oregon mountains but then he decided to move back home and help with our ailing mother.” He turned with a smile to see his relative and shouted. “Hey, Bigfoot! Come over here. Ya got another fan.” He looked back with a grin to see Prudence. “I’m Oscar.”
A large body bounced over the metal. Bigfoot was tall, standing up at eight feet with a large head with a brown hairy body without a club.
Bigfoot stopped with a grin next to his brother. “Hey!”
Prudence looked up with a gasp and a smile to the ogre. “Hello, Bigfoot. You’re covered in thick hairy brown hair. I thought that you lived in the mountains of Alaska or the mountains of the west, not here in Alabama.”
Ogre Oscar shifted and wrapped an arm around his relative, looking down with a sour frown to see the hair roots of his baby brother. “Bigfoot enjoys showing off for the humans when our mom is not looking.”
She laughed. “O. That’s why the humans can’t find you. You’re having fun here instead.”
The female ogre in the white dress turned and ran into the butthole of Oscar with a giggle and a grin, winking at Ralph. “Oscar, the drums are bumping with the bones. Hey, Ralph. Are ya and your lady friend going to stay and to play with us tonight? I’m Betty by the way.” She dropped her club, rearing and slamming her folded smaller fists into the naked chest of Ralph without pain for the social greeting of ogres.
Ralph chuckled without any injury, leaned over and gently rammed his two human fists into her chest with a chuckle for the formal greeting of welcome for a friendly ogre. An unfriendly greeting from a mean ogre always ended in a wide blood pool of the uninvited guest from the club of the ogre. He smiled. “How’s my O-girl? Thanks for inviting us. We might. I’m slowly introducing my pumpkin to the gang.”
Oscar turned and smiled to his girl, picking up his club. “Well the music is priming. Time for our dance. Come and join us for the nightly fun, Ralph and Pumpkin.” He turned and moved with his girl, dragging and standing both of them over the floor.
She scanned the room with a confused brow. “Dance?” Along the wall, there was a set of musicians, playing with a set of bones, hitting the tops of bone skulls of saber tooth tigers and T-rex dinosaurs. She gasped and pointed to the wall with a smile. “Are those really the skulls of ancient mammals like the saber toothed tiger and T-rex?”
He laughed, leaning into her face with a whisper. “Naw, doll. These dead things lived millions of years ago. This is the Furnace, a magical place for all. The décor is all fake and magical, including the bone skulls and the green bushes around the four walls.” He turned and touched the tip of the low green bush as it disappeared from his finger pad and jerked his hand from the wall as the low green bush completely reappeared.
She giggled. “O. All of this is an illusion of matter.”
“It’s magic. D-man is head of the ogre clan. But my O-girl likes to change the dance scenery from time to time for the ogres with fun and adventure.”
The music consisted of numerous baritone and tenor tones of drum taps on top of the skulls with a rocking beat as the mass of ogres moved and danced across the floor.
Ralph grabbed and dragged Prudence to the side of wall, wiping the steam from his face. “Look. This place is a fun party for the paranormal all hours of the day and night. That’s why there ain’t no windows for the sunlight. The paranormals can stay in human state and not an animal state in here.” He kneeled, pulling her down to the floor.
She whispered. “What for?” She gasped. “Are you saying that all paranormal life forms have somehow morphed into an animal state during the day light hours? Why?” She scanned the room. The room holds numerous couples of ogres, standing in place and dancing to the drums taps of the music.
He smiled. “Yeah, Pumpkin. I just told ya that. Anyways, we dance the night and day away. So let’s watch the cavemen strut.”
Prudence turned and watched each couple dance. “We are only going to watch and not participate. That’s seems so rude to our host and hostess.”
He laughed. “Naw. You’ll understand in a moment.”
The drum beat was slow and long as the female stood in place. The male spread his legs apart, bending at the kneecaps, shuffling slowly around the stationary female. His head nodded side to side, back and forth. He lifted and slapped his club at the back spine of the female.
The female turned with a grin, blocking the strike with her club with a grunt.
The male grunted in disappointment, dropping his club and his chin, slowly shuffling around the stationary female again as the drum taps play during the dance.
She giggled. “That’s a dance?”
“That’s the prep for the dance. If he gets lucky and strikes his girl, then they fight with their clubs…”
She gasped and shifted into his chest with a worried brow. “O. That’s scary. Ah. I…I see…saw a lizard…”
“A magical lizard.” He leaned over and smashed the scurrying lizard. The lizard vanished underneath his hand. He said. “They don’t bite or pee or dookie. But if you stomp it dead accidently, of course, during your dance movement, you have to move from the dance floor as a penalty.” A batch of green tiny lizards ran over the dance floor and the naked feet of the ogres, scurrying side to side from underneath the magical tan rocks from wall to wall.
He cuddled her, hitting the metal wall with his naked back spine. “Look. Wait. The show’s beginning.”
Prudence looked over her collar bone and gasped. “But you smashed the lizard and made the wall of rocks disappear. Will you be penalized by the ogres too?” She turned and watched the dance.
He watched the dance with a laugh and a wicked grin. “Naw, Pumpkin. The rules only apply to the dance. Watch!”
All the females ran and occupied a stationary spot on the metal floor. They were all dressed alike in a one-piece suit in white that covered the breasts down to the top of the kneecaps and carried a club which was held against a leg. All the males ran and stood behind a female, spreading the legs, bending down the kneecaps, slowly shuffling around the female with the drum beat of the musical song.
At different moments, a male raised and punched the club at the female. Then the female reacted, blocking the club shot with a grunt and a grin.
The male grunted and shuffled around the female again, lowering his club.
Another dancing couple, the female missed the block with her club as his club hit her rib cage. She back pedaled with a scream and a spurt of blood, raising and slamming her club over the skull of the male. The male back stepped from the swing. The female grunted, falling sideways to the floor, missing the running lizard without occurring a penalty.
The male grunted, slamming his club into her rib cage.
Prudence gasped, slapping a hand over her lips in shock.
Ralph chuckled. “See, if you stomp on a lizard, you lose your prime spot on the dance floor.”
A third dancing couple, the male raised and hit his club at the chest of his girl. She back pedaled with a grunt from the attack, swinging and hitting the male in the stomach with her club. The male grunted and back pedaled from the attacking female, wiping the mouth blood from his face.
Prudence gagged from the bloody male, lowering and covering her face, breathing with deep breathes to keep from puking. “O. I don’t see the fun of the dance now.”
Ralph shook her shoulders with a chuckle. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah.”
Ralph chuckled. “See, you can only perform a series of soft or loud grunts or a loud scream without any set of words or a set of hateful phases. Or you lose your spot on the dance floor too. See, all the other ogre couples stand, waiting for their turn to enter the dance floor for the cavemen strut.”
She coughed from the violence, lifting her chin with a sour frown. “O. I don’t see the fun of the dance now.”
“There’s a new fighting couple with a brutal battle of bloody in the far corner, maybe some guts too.” He sniggered.
She narrowed her eyelashes at the violent scene of an ogre couple in the far corner.
In the fourth dancing couple, the female hit the male in his stomach, his leg, and his foot with a series of victory grunts. The male was bleeding from numerous body parts from her violent punches, hopping around on one foot in a circle, slapping his club in the air, missing the female. The female continued to beat the bloody male in the rib cage and the back spine.
Prudence grunted. “Ugh. That scene makes me grunt with his pain. What’s the purpose here of the cavemen strut in the dance?”
The male dropped his club as the female hit her club over his skull. The male fell down over the floor, bloody and unconscious. The female strutted around the floor, grunting in incoherent sounds, raising her club over her skull and stopped over the unconscious male. She leaned over with a smile, grabbing a handful of his brown hair, dragging her male to the side of the wall.
The wall shows a series of open archways with a dull light.
Prudence giggled. “O. I do see the fun of the dance now, the cavewomen strut.”
Ralph chuckled. “Yeah. Go girl power. The first ogre to pass out from the club fight loses, so the winner drags the loser by a handful of the hair to one of the side caves and does as she pleases.”
She giggled. “O! So, this is love dance.”
He laughed. “O! So, this is mating ritual inside that tiny dull lighted room for the rest of the night. That’s how they make little baby ogres.”
She slapped a hand over her giggles. “O no. So that’s why the other ogre couples are standing around the room and waiting for their turn to…”
"O yes! That’s why all the other ogre couples are watching and waiting for their turn to…”
Prudence turned and pulled on his set of golden chains with a wink and a giggle. “Are we going to show off our own set of loud grunts and screams too? I’m up for a new game.”
He shook his shoulder length hair. “Naw. The other rule of the cavemen strut is that if you stand on the floor, you must dance and beat and bleed and pass out, at least one of the dancers. Then the winner enters the love cave for the rest of the night. You can’t leave until sunrise, the next morning. And you must be back inside the cabin before sunrise. Mehire will be knocking and entering your cabin for the breakfast morning wake-up call at five am to pick up more trash over the grass and bushes.”
She gasped. “You know meanie Mehire?”
“The sheriff, that I hung with, he knew meanie Mehire. All the other teens like you crossed the legal police pathway of nice Sheriff Hank and meanie Mehire. So I met her. She’s nice to animals, not teens ever.”
She gasped with shock. “I should go back to the cabin now. I can’t make meanie Mehire more mean and mad. I will never get out of the work center.”
“No. It’s barely evening hours outside. You can stay until early morning hours here. And I promise I will get you back before sunrise.”
She gasped, watching as the couples slapped and beat upon each other. “O no.”
He chuckled. “O yes.”
She pointed to the wall corner with a sour frown. “I mean. O no. the couples are more than fighting. They are beating each other up.”
He smiled with a nod. “O yeah. Paranormals are not like the weak and soft humans. The tough paranormals do not give up the fight or the dance floor until totally defeated. So if we danced on that floor, I would’ve to knock you unconscious, babe,” laughing.
Prudence punched his ribs with a grin and a giggle. “Naw sir. I would’ve to beat ya unconscious, sir.”
He growled. “I heard that threat. Okay. Our peek show’s over with. Let’s move up the next level for some more paranormal education and entertainment.” Ralph turned and scanned the wall, holding her hand, moving down the wall of rock as the rock disappeared and then reappeared. “Here! We stand right here.” He touched the low tan colored rock as the rock disappeared. He moved and leaned his back spine against the metal wall.
Prudence moved and cuddled into his chest with a giggle and a grin. “What are we doing here? We’re standing against the wall. Ugh. It’s kinda slightly warm but not burning my nakedness.”
“Hold on.” He cuddled her with a laugh and a wicked grin.
They moved and traveled upward, flying against the metal wall by a method of air molecules, landing on top of a solid surface as the moist damp air hit her face.
On the second floor level, Prudence gasped in shock and stood against the side wall, looking down at the patch of tall wet green and brown weeds over the floor. “Ugh! This is a water pond setting. Wow. The atmosphere is so real and really feeling. The air is moist kinda wet. I smell like flowers or flora fragrance. But I see water and no pretty flowers. My face and my arms are watery. Ah. I’m standing in water.” She lifted her foot with a new sneaker. “No. It looks like I’m standing in a puddle of water or walking over a pond of water. And my clothes have changed. I’m wearing a set of blue jeans that are falling over my butthole and down to my ankles.” She reached and pulled up her blue jeans with a sour frown. “And a pair of white sneakers with no socks and a plain white shirt, and a set of long gold chains around my throat. And a baseball cap that goes sideways. How is this all possible?”
Ralph laughed. “Well I don’t know, so I can’t explain. But it is magic. As we fly up to each level, our clothes morph into the paranormal theme room for fun. The paranormal has enchanted their level, so each other paranormal can enjoy the dance or the festival.” 
She slapped her hands over her new clothes with a smile and a nod. “This is better than a walk-in closet. Awe.” She squatted and reached for the object. “A baby yellow duck. Come here to me, duckie, duckie.” She touched the waddling baby duck as it turned into the cold water and disappeared. “O yeah. I forgot. It’s a magical duck of misty water. Poo. It’s so cute.”
He cuddled her, moving from the wall, standing near a path of the tall green and short brown weeds with a numerous baby ducks over the dance floor. The ducks were waddling in a line, going through the floor. Ralph smiled. “Listen. The music here is hip-hop, playing from the real band in the corner.” He wiggled side to side, snapping his finger with a smile.
The band of musicians wore the same outfits as Ralph and Prudence which included a set of blue jeans with a white shirt and a long set of golden chains around the throat. Each musician blew on a musical instrument, consisting of a saxophone, a trumpet, a trombone. There is a set of drums with a drummer also.
She wiggled her hips and her hands side to side with a smile. “This is so cool. Now I understand. Each level houses a different group of paranormals. So who are these folks here living in a pond?”
He swayed his hips with her to the music with a grin. “These are my good friends, trolls. They are kinda sensitive, thou. So be careful. A troll is short, not very tall. They reach a height of three feet or so. They’re all cute looking, thou. During the daylight hours, they turn into a set of ugly bullfrogs with the tint of dark green skin and a wide and big yellow mouth and a tone of brown colored skin. But do not say the word, bullfrog. Okay? They get really upset and start…”
“Beating…”
He chuckled. “Croaking. Man, that sound will destroy a concrete water dam in three seconds flat.”
She scanned the room with a nod and a stern face. “Understood. Got it. No upsetting the bullfrogs ever. But how did we fly through the air and up into the next level.” She turned and viewed the solid silver tinted wall.
He chuckled. “I took the elevator.”
She frowned. “What elevator? There’s no elevator with a set of doors or a physical carriage of four enclosed walls. There’s a solid wall of silver tinted metal over there, where we landed on our feet or up righted on our feet or stood on our feet, coming up from the ground level of the ogre room. So is this the second level of how many levels? The structure looked sixty or stories high. So are there sixty different levels here inside the Furnace? It is a very tall and wide metal building.”
“Naw.” He turned and scanned the room with a grin for his friend. “There’s an invisible elevator which can be only occupied and used by a paranormal.”
She exhaled. “If it is invisible, which you cannot see with your naked eyeballs, then how do you know where it is located inside each room?”
He turned and frowned at her. “Can’t you tell, Pumpkin?”
She turned and frowned to him. “No, Ralph. I can’t tell. I’m only human here and there. I give up.
He turned with a smile and pointed a finger around the room. “The walls are solid metal without windows. There are numerous slots that emit steam or fire or water or dirt. The four elements of the planet like you figured out, Pumpkin. You’re slick, girl. However, between the slots there is a solid piece of wall without a vent. That’s the secret location of the invisible elevator. Or else, your body would be toasted from the fire or steamed from the heat or buried in dirt. The vents do burp out real burning fire and sizzling heat for keeping the humans away from the Furnace. O else, the paranormal get to display as a trophy of the human on the wall.”
Prudence gasped, scanning the room. “Where are the human trophies at? I don’t see any humans here, dead or alive?”
“I was joshing, Pumpkin.”
“O! I don’t see. O. I still don’t see the invisible elevator.” She chuckled at the silly statement.
He waved his arm with a smile at his friend. The friend turned with a nod, advancing to Ralph. Ralph whispered to Prudence with a grin. “That’s Burrack or my B-boy.”
Burrack possessed a head of blonde cropped hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, a set of green eyeballs, wearing a set of falling off blue jeans, a white shirt, a set of long golden chains, and a sideways baseball cap also. He body type was funny shaped with a long neck and a head underneath a thick stump of a body.
Ralph released the hand of Prudence, reaching down and firmly slapping both his open palms over the small collar bone of his friend with a smile and a nod. “B-boy, how ya doing?”
Burrack roared with a burp and a smile. “Good. Good. Ya finally make it back to the Furnace. I ain’t seen ya around here for a while, Ralph.”
The female turned and hopped and walked across the floor with a giggle from another group of trolls, wearing a smile and a burp. “Hi. I’m Rana…”
Ralph shifted and squatted, gently reaching down, slapping her collar bone with a smile and a wink. “My joyous A-girl. This is my pumpkin.” He stood with a smile, shoving Prudence to the trolls for a proper introduction like a civilized paranormal.
Prudence squatted and reached down with a smile, gently slapping both her palms over the collar bone of B-boy too, feeling the cold water as it slapped into her face and her arms. She giggled. “My name is Prudence. It is very nice to meet you, B-boy. I love your pond and all.” She shifted and squatted, gently slapping both her palms over the collar bone of A-girl too. “Hey there…”
Rana smiled with a burp. “Welcome here, Ralph and Pumpkin. Well let’s get our par-tee started.” She turned and grabbed the hand of her husband Burrack.
They hopped and walked across the floor, standing in the middle.
Ralph back stepped from the dance floor into the wall as the weeds disappeared. “The trolls have a more complicated ritual dance. Let’s watch first. Then we can participate for fun.”
“More blood?” Prudence gasped, squatting and cuddling with him near the wall, feeling the water sprays from the vents.
He chuckled. “Naw. More fun and laughs.”
All the females like Rana stood, facing the wall with a stern face and a burp. The males like Burrack stood behind her fanny. The music sounded with a fanfare of ascending saxophone musical notes. All the female like Rana dropped down on her kneecaps in a folded pose. All the males like Burrack leaped over her back into an upright pose, wiggling side to side with a roar and a burp.
The other trolls laughed and danced side to side around the walls.
Each dancing male, like Burrack, dropped down both of the kneecaps and held a folded pose on top of the dance floor. Each dancing female, like Rana, leaped up from the floor and flew over the entire body, landing down, standing with both of her arms in the air with a smile. Then each female twirled in a completed circle as each male slowly stood upright from the floor and face each female during the dancing music.
The male and female couple wiggled side to side, dancing in circle, waving on arm in the air with a laugh. Then the male and female stopped and faced each other, leaning over with a kiss for a few seconds, pulling back the kiss with a loud burp.
Then the trolls laughed and wiggled side to side to the jazzy music.
All the females like Rana turned and faced the wall with a stern face. All the males like Burrack stood behind the females with a stern face too, waiting for the musical song to end.
Prudence giggled and gagged, slapping a hand over her mouth from vomiting. “O dear…”
“O done. Can you remember the dance steps?”
She stood with a sour frown without moving from the wall. “Wait. Is there a bloody penalty to my body if we don’t finish the dance? Is there a beating to my face for not getting the footsteps right? What happens if I stomp on top of one of the magical cute bunnies that are hopping around the dance floor in rhythm too?”
“Naw. The trolls are fun with laughter.”
She shook her curls. “Wait! What’s the catch here with the trolls? Each winner of the ogre couple dance got to drag a mate into a private tiny room like a cave hole for some love fun. So what does the troll couple do after the dance for love fun? I didn’t see any broken noses or busted bones on the trolls.”
“You’re slick, Pumpkin. Yeah. There’s a prize for each couple that completed the dance without squatting a face or a cute duck.” He smiled.
“What is it?” She turned and scanned the room. “I don’t see any cave holes like a door entrance which was on the wall in the ogre level.”
“So what do you see then?”
She narrowed her eyelashes, slowly scanning the walls from top to bottom and gasped. “Wait. I see an opening on the wall near the floor. It looks like a small square shaped hole with a series of drifting pockets of white steam. Is that water in there or something being heated?”
He laughed. “You’re good, Pumpkin.”
The music ended.
All the females like Rana turned and faced a new wall which held an array of square shaped small holes on the bottom of the wall at the floor line. All the males like Burrack turned and stood behind the females. Then each female dropped down to her kneecaps in a folded pose with a ribbit. Then each male dropped down on bend knees and leaped over the back spine of the female, landing on floor in a folded pose with a ribbit. 
Each female stood half way and leaped over the back spine of the male, landing on the floor in another folded pose with a soft ribbit.
Each male leaped over each female with a loud ribbit, slowly moving to a particular square shaped hole on the wall.
Prudence gasped, dropping down to the wall, covering her ears with a smile. “It is so loud.”
Ralph dropped beside her and covered his ears with a grin, watching the trolls. Each leaping couple slowly jumped over each other and stopped, crawling on a belly into the steam of water on the wall.
Prudence removed her hands from her ears with a giggle and a grin. “Got it. The winners are jumping and leaping like a real bullfrog over the floor to the wall of water. Is that a pond or a stream of water in there behind the wall?”
Ralph smiled. “They can’t escape their animal state ever. Yeah. If a troll couple completes the dance for fun without squashing the duck for victory then the couple gets to use the whirlpool while performing the ribbit hop.”
She gasped with a smile. “A hot tub of warm water. Of course, they’re bull frogs during the day time hours. Frogs live and love water. Awe. That’s so cute. Are we going to dance the ribbit hop also?”
The music sounded with a high pitched fanfare for the set of dancers to enter the floor.
Ralph smiled. “Okay. We can join the dance. But if we do and if we win without smashing the line of duck, then we enter the hot tub. But we’re stuck there for the rest of the night and morning until you need to go back to the cabin. It is your decision, Pumpkin.”
Prudence turned with a grin to see the trolls on the dance floor. “Yeah. Let’s do it.”
Ralph stood and dragged her from the wall with a chuckle, stopping and standing near the edge of the dance floor. “Okay. Kneel like A-girl.”
Prudence stopped and kneeled with a giggle, standing on her kneecaps and her hands. 
The music sounded with a deep fanfare of notes for the start of the song.
Ralph chuckled and leaped over her back spine, landing on his feet, bending down on his hands and his sneakers as the golden chains slapped the water and splashed in his face.
Prudence jumped, sliding off his curved back spine. “Dang. This ain’t easy as it looks.”
“You’re not a troll.”
“Yeah, ribbit. I’m leaping over ya again.” She leaped and landed over his back spine as Ralph chuckled. Prudence grunted and stood upright, reaching and grabbing the side of his fit waist, rolling her body over his back spine as she landed on her back spine and not her kneecaps with a laugh. “O no. I hurt too. Did I disqualify us from the hot tub adventure?” She turned to seek the ducklings.
He laughed. “The waddling line of yellow ducklings still moves. However, you must stay on the wet floor until I perform my leap over your body.”
She gasped, turning with a sour frown to see his smile. “Do not smash my face.”
“I promise to be gently and never harm you, Pumpkin. Stay put.” He leaned over her body and jumped, landing on his hands, rolling forward and sat on his kneecaps and his hands. “Okay. You can stand and try to leap over my back spine and my skull this time.”
Prudence flipped to the side, standing and moving behind his bee-hind with a laugh and grabbing his fit waist with a smile. “I will try. Stay put.”
“And remember to ribbit when you land.”
She laughed. “Okay.” Prudence jumped and placed her sneaker on top of his back spine.
He grunts. “Jump, leap or roll over me not attack and bend my back spine out of place, Pumpkin.”
“Stay put.” She released her hands, sliding over and down his back spine and rolled into a ball, landing on her kneecaps and her hands as the water splashed into her face. “Ugh. I taste duck feathers.”
“Yummy. I’m getting hungry.” He stood and leaped over her back spine, landing on his kneecaps and his hands. “Ribbit...”
Prudence stood with a laugh, crawling over his humped back instead of frog leaping, slowing falling on her hands and slid into the water with a splash on her face with a giggle again.
Ralph started to stand without her off his back spine, flipping her legs.
Prudence fall over onto her back spine with a splash of water as the water jumped and attacked his face.
Ralph stumbled forward, tripping and falling on top of Prudence, landing on top of her chest with a grunt.
She grunted with a giggle of the funny activity and silly position as she watched the trolls as they frog leaped over each with a smile and a burp.
Ralph rolled off of her vertical body to the side from the violent impact, smashing into the waddling line of baby ducks and stopped.
The yellow ducks disappeared.
She rolled on top of him and splashed the water with her hand and a sour frown. “O poo. We killed the magical ducks.”
“O! I'm so sorry, pumpkin. I tried to miss them. But it’s hard to miss an entire flowing line of baby ducks. We can come back tomorrow night and try again.”
She frowned. “O poo! We can’t stand up and dance some more.”
“No. We’re disqualified. So we must leave the second level and my troll friends. Hold on.” Ralph wrapped his arms around her body and lifted his body in the air with his magic, somersaulting in a twirl into the air, sailing their bodies as one unit into the wall. Ralph landed on his sneakers in an upright pose with a snigger and a wicked grin, cuddling her.
She gasped. “Wow. That was great.”
“My werewolf liftoff.” He chuckled. “Okay. Time to go, Pumpkin. There’re more levels to see and explore.” He closed his eyelids.
They moved and traveled up the wall to the third level, landing on top of a solid surface.
On the third floor level, Prudence cuddled him with a giggle and a grin with her closed eyelashes, breathing the comfortable slight warm air. “I hear birds. No. I hear soft flute musical notes. I smell strawberries, a faint hint of fresh ripen strawberries.” She separated from Ralph, opening her eyelashes, slapping her body with a smile. “Ah. I’m dressed like a ballerina. My clothes are so stuff. I wear a yellow tutu and a pair of yellow tights. O no. I wear a set of yellow Pointe shoes like for a ballet.” She lifted and stood on the tips of her ballerina shoes with a giggle, falling sideways, slapping his collar bone to stand upright with a smile. She dropped her Pointe ballerina slippers down to the metal floor with a confused brow. “Okay! That was really weird. I didn’t take a formal class of ballet as a child. But I can stand on a pair of Pointe ballerina slippers like a professional dancer.”
“Magic of the paranormal.” He laughed with a wink, leaning over and kissing her lips and pulled back with a smile. “Magic of the kiss.”
She touched her lips and her hair roots with a smile. “Thank you. And my head gear is so soft. I wear a forehead wreath of soft yellow colored feathers of some type of bird and a tiny diamond tiara on top of my hair roots. My hair is wrapped around my skull. This is so beautiful and soft. Every female is dressed like me in a rainbow of different pretty solid colors in a ballet outfit with a tutu and a pair of tights and a pair of Pointe ballerina slippers. Every male is wearing a sleeveless shirt with a pair of tights too.” She giggled. “Who are those paranormals? I am absolutely clueless.”
Each female and male was tall with a tone of light brown tinted skin and a pair of long legs with a short waist, slowly moving from an individual archway on the long wall. Each male possessed a bald head, wearing a sleeveless tight fitting brown shirt that matches his exposed skin tone. Each male wore a set of brown tights with a pair of brown flat ballet slippers.
Each female dressed in a different color, consisting of a matching sleeveless bodice, a tutu skirt, and a pair of tights with a set of Pointe ballet slippers. The light brown colored skull hair was wrapped inside a set of feathers with a tiny tiara.
Ralph turned with a smile to see the room. “These are my friends, elves. During the day, they are does and bucks, who are very gently animals plus very shy around the race of humans and the other wildlife inhabitants.”
“Ah! I understand the setting. Poo! I don’t understand the setting. Where’s the steam?”
He frowned. "What steam? Do you need a new pair of eyeballs? I don’t see any steam.”
Prudence scanned the room with a smile. “This room is about thirty feet high and three feet wide, but I don’t feel any stream. And I don’t see any steam coming up from the floor vents. As a matter of fact, I don’t see any steam or dirt or wet liquid coming up from the slotted vents on this level. How many levels are there?”
Ralph softly laughed. “You’re not slick, pumpkin. You figured it out with the four elements of the planet.”
She softly chuckled. “O yeah! The elements of wind come out the slotted vents. The Furnace is so cool. How long can we stay?”
“All night and early morning.”
Prudence leaned over and touched the vent, feeling the warm air. “Okay. The wind helps to create a forest setting of short green bushes with tiny colorful flowers without a nest of cute white bunny rabbits but a flock of flying birds. Why are the cute bunnies, missing here in the forest? Birds? They’re flying in the air. O no. Do we gotta dodge their falling down wet bombs?” She looked up with a sour frown at the birds.
Ralph looked down and slapped his hands over his magical clothes with a sour frown. “Naw. The blue birds are fake like the green lizards and the yellow ducks. I like my dear deer friends, but I hate the tight tights.” He bent his legs, yanking on the tights with a grunt.
She giggled. “Yeah. Ya look more cutie-pie than manly-handsome. So what do we do? Wait. What is the penalty for not dancing on my toes? I can’t imagine the punishment or the reward here.”
Ralph laughed. “Yeah! The Furnace is a magical place for all. Wearing the tights is the punishment for me.”
Prudence turned and scanned the room. “I usually don’t dress in a tutu but it is not so uncomfortable. And I feel like royalty. So we dance like ballerinas in here? It makes like it is easy.”
The male and female moved from a separate door archway on the opposite side of the room, meeting in the middle over the silver tinted dance floor, guiding with a smile to Ralph.
Ralph grabbed her arm with a smile, moving to meet the couple in the middle of an empty dance too and stopped. The ballet couple stopped too.
The female extended her hand as Ralph gently grabbed and slowly leaned down, kissing her soft knuckles with a grin for the welcome greeting. The female softly giggled. He released her hand, lifting his torso with a smile. “Hey, T-girl!” He lifted his hand to her.
The female leaned down and kissed his knuckles, lifting her torso with a smile. “Welcome to the ballet. I am Donna.” She guided her hand to Prudence.
Prudence gasped with shock as Ralph firmly elbowed her bicep with a nod in silence. Prudence gently touched the pre-offered hand of knuckles of the female, leaning down, lightly touching the soft skin with her top lip with respect to the delicate paranormal. She breathed hot air on the skin of the doe like a tender love kiss, quickly lifting her torso with a silly smile. “Hi. I’m Prudence…”
“Pumpkin! Hey to my bald man, Y-boy!” Ralph lifted his folded fist with a smile and a chuckle, bumping with the male’s fist.
The male shifted his folded fist over to Prudence as she lifted and fist bumped with a smile and nod to the male in silence. The male smiled. “Hello, Prudence. Hey, Ralph. I simply refuse to use his silly nicknames. I am Don that matches my mate Donna. Welcome to our show at the Furnace. Please join our dance!” The flute player trilled the musical notes. He nodded. “Our ballet begins now.” He and she slowly turned, separating and moving back to an individual open archway.
Ralph cuddled Prudence, scooting into the wall as the short green fake bushes with the tiny flowers disappeared. He nodded. “Yeah. We dance like a ballet couple. Let’s watch. I am not familiar with this love ritual either.”
The musician was a single flute player, sitting on the floor in the wall corner, wearing a silver tinted ballerina tutu also as her song softly played continuously.
Each couple moved to the dance floor. Each female stepped on the tips of the Pointe shoes. Each male slowly guided on a set of flat black ballet slippers and stopped. Each female held both her hands over his collar bone, slowly raising her right leg from the floor then to her side and then even with her face, holding it still as the music softly played in flute notes.
And then light blue birds tweeted with the flute music, flying up and down and around the room.
Prudence gasped with a shock with a whisper. “Uh. That’s beautiful. Ugh. I can’t do that.”
He cuddled her on the floor with a smile. “Just watch.”
She smiled with a whisper. “What animal state does an ogre become during the daylight hours?”
He smiled with a whisper, watching the ballet. “Ogres. They live day and night in the Furnace, except for the baby brother Bigfoot.”
Each male slowly walked around in a circle, twirling the female with her raised leg.
Ralph frowned with a whisper. “Ouch. That’s look like a bruise.”
She said. “I can see why the trolls are bullfrogs. They bodies are kinda triangular in shape. But I don’t see how the elves are represented by a doe or a buck. I don’t see any antlers.”
Ralph chuckled. “Have you ever seen an elf?”
She blinked her eyelashes as her mind pondered the question. “Uh no. I guess not.”
He grinned. “An elf is tall paranormal with tone of light brown skin and a set of with big ears. I mean big funny looking ears. Look really closely at each pair of ears on the ballerinas.”
She narrowed her eyelashes, focusing on a pair of ears on the closet ballerina and gasped with surprise. “Yeah. Her ear points are very elongated and sorta rounded,” she softly chuckled. “Each ear point is the same. So why do they show off their ear points. I would think that they should wear hats or scarves.”
“Naw, Pumpkin. They’re proud elves and love their ears. So they show them off. What better way than with a ballet show, where the hair is off the face, exposing their ears?” He chuckled.
Prudence nodded with a sigh. “Yeah. I can see that. And I can see that the music is soft and slow. This dance is going to take hours or days or years.”
“Maybe not…” He chuckled.
Each male reached and grabbed the waist line of the female, lifting her from the floor and vertically into the air. Each female slowly raised her other leg into the air and even with face also.
Ralph grunted. “That’s major surgery on my body right there.”
Prudence giggled. “I don’t think that I can do that either. We might have to set out this one dance.”
The flute music played with a slow and soft beat as the birds danced in the air, targeted the soft feathers, and dived down to the uplifted female. 
The male of the dancing ballet couple saw the bird, bending his kneecaps, tossing the female into the air as the bird missed the wreath of feathers on the female.
The female flew into the air, twirling over and over with her arms tucked into her chest.
“It is dangerous and beautiful like Mother Nature, sorta.” Prudence gasped and softly clapped with a smile. “Wow. I take it back. This dance is really wild. Each bird is diving down for the feathers on the girl’s skull. O no. I wear a wreath of feathers too. The birds will attack me next.” She touched her head piece with a worried brow.
Ralph cuddled her with a cheekbone kiss, pulling back with a smile. “Naw. I’m your protection today. And we are not on the dance floor. Remember the birds are fake but flying around. So I guess the birds are the danger in the dance.”
Prudence dropped her arms by her side with a nod in silence.
The female of another dancing couple twirled in the air, missing the bird, landing back on the floor in front of the male and stopped with a pause as the flute music played. The male leaned over and kissed her lips as they pulled back with a smile.
Another female of a second dancing couple twirled in the air. The bird hit and attacked the pretty pink soft feathers on her headpiece, ripping off the headpiece, flying up to the ceiling.
Prudence gasped with a smile, pointing at the object. “Look. A tree…”
He laughed. “A series of tall trees with a set of long and thick branches. O. I get it. The bird is flying to the great big bird nest. It lands on the big nest, building its nest for the mating deer couple.”
She smiled. “Awe. The bird nest is made from the colored feathers from the female dances. Poo. That means some of the females didn’t get mated last time, last night, this morning, whenever. The bird nest is really pretty and big. But that makes no sense to me. Deer don’t mate in tree tops.”
Ralph softly chuckled. “The Furnace, a magical place for all.”
She bumped his shoulder with a giggle. “You, tease.”
“Deer does do it for fun anywhere. I guess Mother Nature don’t exist here, only the birds and the bucks.” Ralph softly laughed.
She bumped his shoulder again with a grin. “You, varmint.”
He bumped her shoulder again with a sweet peck on the cheekbone, pulling back with a chuckle. “Naw. I’m a werewolf. We haven’t met the varmints yet.”
She gasped in shock. “What? What’s varmint? I never met a varmint. What does it look like?”
The female fell down to the floor with a sob of tears, wiping off her face as her male mate dropped his chin, spinning around, slowly guiding to the side door.
Prudence exhaled with a puff of sadness. “Awe. The female doe is crying. The male buck is so sad. He’s walking back to the side door on the opposite wall of us. So they are not mating today?” 
Ralph exhaled. “Poor buck. A buck’s life is long and hard…”
The female doe stood, slowly turning to the other door archway on the opposite side of the male, moving to the exit.
A third dancing couple, the female fell to the floor on top of her Pointe ballerina shoes. The male kissed her face and surfaced with a smile. The male gently lifted and held the hand of female over her tiara as she danced in a circle. 
The female jumped into the air, spreading her legs, leaping up and down. She arched her neck and her back spine with a smile as the bird tried to hit and attack her headpiece of feathers. But the doe was quicker. The female leaped into the air as the bird flew down, diving underneath her legs, missing her headpiece.
The bird turned and flew up, targeting the headpiece again as the female arched her back spine. The bird missed her skull with frustration, flying over the skull of the male up to the ceiling. The bird turned around, diving at the feathery headpiece again.
Prudence gasped with a shock. “The bird only targets the female and not the male. That’s strange. In the last two love ritual dances, the lizards run over the naked feet of the ogres and the ducks marched over any fallen or upright body. I wonder why that is so.”
He nodded. “The does are more vulnerable than the bucks. In the forest life, the bucks have the antlers. The tender motherly doe deer do not.”
“O yeah.” She frowned.
The female leaped into the air again as the bird missed her headpiece. The male catch the female, twirling in a circle, creating a wind storm. The bird turned and flew toward the wind storm, tumbling away in the air waves. The wind storm of twirls lifted the doe and the buck into the air, carrying them into the one of the big nest. 
And then the ballet couple fall down over the soft colored feather inside the big nest, disappearing from eye view.
Prudence gasped with shock and giggled with entertainment. “That’s the strangest ballet show that I have ever seen.”
Ralph softly laughed with a smooth clap and a nod. “Okay. That was really too weird for me. Time to tutu outta of here.” He stood and assisted Prudence to stand, grabbing her hand and turned, moving down the wall to the invisible elevator.
He stopped and cuddled her against the solid wall, closing his eyelids. She closed her eyelashes, protecting her delicate eyeballs from the rotating air molecules.
And then air current flew them up the solid wall into the next level of the Furnace.
On the fourth floor  level, the continued to cuddle and then landed on top of a solid surface and opened a set of eyelids to a new scene.
Ralph released Prudence, shifting along the wall from her, raising his arms with a chuckle and a cheer. “Yeehaw. These are my relatives. As a species of the werewolf gender, we are all kin to each one by our great wolf-man and great wolf-woman.”
The room was silver tinted in color on the four walls, the ceiling, and the dance floor which was exactly like the other third levels of the Furnace. One of the short walls on the side of the room, there was live band of musicians. Each musician was plucking and tuning an instrument of a guitar or a banjo or a fiddle. 
Each werewolf was dressed in an assortment of different colors, consisting of a short sleeved colored T-shirt, a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, and a pair of polished cowboy boots. Each werewolf possessed a tone of dark tinted skin, a head of shoulder length red colored hair, and a pair of glowing amber eyeballs on various tall and short body height of smooth muscles of slenderness.
Prudence scanned the room with a smile and a nod. “O boy. I hear country music and see a budding formation line dance of foot stomping. I like.” She slapped her hands over her clothes and gasped. “Hey. I’m wearing my original attire that you provided for me with a handful of dirt. I got on my pink shirt, my blue jean skirt, and my pair of polished red and blue cowgirl boots. Why is that?”
“This is a country theme with my wolfies. We live in the depths of the woodlands and eat off the land like a pack of wolves during the daylight hours.”
She gasped and look up to see each paranormal. “So does each paranormal here turns into a white wolf during the daylight hours?”
Ralph exhaled with a huff of frustration. “Yeah. Each paranormal could, if the paranormal left the Furnace. The Furnace is like a home and a sanctuary for the paranormal. It’s the steel casing around the building which locks out the sunshine rays and the nasty weather elements.”
She patted his arm with a stern face. “Hmm. I’m very suspicious for you. Why is that happening? Have any brave paranormals investigated?”
Ralph laughed with a nod, cuddling her. “You’re slick, Pumpkin. Yes. There are some very brave paranormals. And yes. They have investigated but not reported back.’
She gasped with shock. “I am so sorry. Are they…”
He frowned. “Naw. They are missing. That’s all. Okay. Let’s have some fun and some dance and then some more fun.”
Prudence touched her nose holes with a sour frown and a set of curled lips.
Ralph leaned over with a chuckle and a wicked grin. “The room is very warm but not sizzling hot like inside the ogre cave or wet like inside the troll pond. The woodlands can get heated during the day. But a wolf likes to smell things that might attack him or her before a dinner kill.” 
Prudence scanned the room with a sour face. “The room smells funny.”
He cuddled her with a laugh. “Naw, Pumpkin. It is the individual wolf sweat from the heated room.”
She frowned with a sour face. “Wolf sweat?”
He leaned over and kissed her cheekbone, pulling with a chuckle and a smile. “Yeah. You’ll like it later. I promise.”
“Yeah not.” She shook her curls with a smile and a laugh.
Ralph released her with a smile and a nod, lifting and slapping his hand into the other open palm in front of his face. “What’s going on, Stoo?”
Prudence gasped with shock and leaned over to Ralph with a whisper and a grin. “What no S-boy?”
Stoo laughed with a nod to Prudence with his paranormal eardrums. “No, S-boy. Ralph-boy did try to name me with one of his silly codes but it back slapped him into a vent of heat. And it cured the wolf-boy of that itch.” He raised his open palm as Prudence lifted and reared back her hand, slapping it with a pop and a giggle. Stoo chuckled with a wink and a nod to her sissy and weak wolf-like performance.
The female werewolf turned with a smile and dashed across the floor, slamming into Ralph with a chuckle and a cheer. “Hey, Ralphie-boy.” She twirled him around in place and stopped with a grunt and a laugh.
Ralph pulls away, feeling dizzy, saying with a goofy smile and a meek voice to the taller wolf. “Hi, X-girl.”
The female werewolf was tall in height and even with her mate Stoo with a head of red shoulder length hair and pair of amber eyeballs, standing with her boot toes apart and her arms in the air, staring down at Ralph with a grin. “Welcome back, boy. Where ya been? I missed ya during our fun here at night.”
Ralph touched his dizzy head and his pair of blurry eyeballs from the vicious collision of the powerful she-wolf, releasing some of his paranormal magic to stop the twirling ache with a lousy smile. “Around here and there.” He dropped his hand with a smile to her. “But I am back for good. Dance beside me, this time.” He winked for fun.
She nodded with a grin. “Shore.” The female werewolf moved and shoved Ralph aside with her powerful limb, moving to Prudence, grabbing and hugging the unfamiliar female with a grin. “Awe. Ya smell sweet like a blossom flower.” She pulled back with a chuckle and a nod to Prudence.
Prudence gasped for air from the powerful hug of the paranormal, coughing with a silly smile and a meek voice. “Thanks.”
Ralph laughed with Stoo at the encounters of the two different females, thumbing with a grin to Prudence. “This is Pumpkin. Pumpkin, I want you to meet Sally. She and Stoo are the leaders of the werewolf clan and run the dance line too.”
“Shore do. Well excuse me. I gotta go and get the lazy musicians to start playing some fiddle and banjo music. They’ll sit and tune on their musical boxes the rest of the night if I don’t stomp on their boot toes.” Sally back stepped with a nod and a grin to Ralph and Prudence, swinging around, dashing to the musicians.
Stoo back stepped with a nod and a grin to Ralph and Prudence. “Please pardon me as well. I must control Sally before her animal temperament takes hold on the musicians. That could be both pretty ugly and pretty entertaining for the night. Maybe, a new dance theme, too?” He turned with a chuckle and a growl, dashing to Sally and the musician over the wall.
Prudence gasped with shock. “Takes hold? He means what I think he means with the words, takes hold.” She turned and watched Sally and musicians. Sally was sanding with her boot toes apart and tossing her arms.
Ralph turned and smiled at the musicians with a growl. “I would very much like to see that, Sally and musicians,” laughing
Prudence slapped his arm with a sour frown. “Okay. I got the country music, the blue jeans skirts, and line dancing.”
He smiled. “Do you line dance to country music?”
She nodded. “Well sorta. I did it for fun at some parties with my friends. Is it the same thing here?”
Ralph chuckled with a nod. “Yeah. Humans like to imitate us. So it’s the same.”
She laughed. “Okay. I’m human. So I can imitate you for the night. Are we going to dance in the line with the other werewolves? I think I can do this.”
He growled into her face with a wicked grin. “I want you to do this.”
She gasped with shock. “Hold on. Okay, wolf-boy. Where’s the magical critter? What is the tiny animal?” Prudence looked down to the floor without seeing a tiny mammal.
He leaned over into her hair roots with a wicked grin. “Guess?”
She exhaled with a puff of annoyance at the floor, turning to see the wall and finally looked up to see the ceiling. “No. I have no clue. There’re hundred of wildlife mammals such like a squirrel, an owl, a fox, a bird…”
“Birds have been used in the ballet.”
Prudence turned with a confused brow to see his smile. “Birds have been used in the ballet? Does that mean that only one creature can be used in the theme show?”
He nodded with a grin. “Sorta. Each theme show is for fun. And the entire stage is for magic. So does each paranormal selects one magical animal for the show which is different from the other magical animals for fun?”
She frowned. “Why?”
Ralph chucked with a grin. “There’s no why here for nothing, only a fun time, pumpkin. Guess our magical critter here in the country theme show? I’ll give you a hint. Think of the rural pretty countryside of trees, grass, dirt, rocks, bushes…”
“A snake. Your magical critter is a snake.” She back stepped away from him, flinging her hands and her curls with a worried brow, hitting the wall as the fake brown colored tumble weeds disappeared. “No. I am not participating with a snake on the floor. No way. I wanna go home now.”
Ralph moved with a smile and a chuckle, cuddling her at the wall. “Naw. I promise. Or you can rip my heart from the chest cavity. There are not any snakes in our country theme show.” He leaned and kissed her lips, pulling back with a wicked grin. “Do you feel better? Do you wanna line dance with me?”
She exhaled with a puff of frustration. “Yeah, I do. Look out! I guessed wrong multiply times with multiply mammals. Tell me! Or I will not…”
Ralph pouted with a fake frown and a laugh. “Okay. Ya broke my heart. Let’s get in line on the dance floor. Unlike the other paranormal theme shows, all the werewolves dance and created multiple lines to the country music.” He grabbed her hand, turning with a wicked grin, moving to the first of the row in the middle and stopped.
Prudence stopped next to him with a confused brow. “We…we just stand here.”
“And wait for the music,” he turned with a sour frown to see Sally and the musicians. The musicians were tuning the instruments and not playing a song. “I think Sally is about ready to take out the musicians then we could whistle the country tune.” He laughed.
Prudence looked down to the floor, over to the wall, and up to the ceiling. “What is the magical critter here? I give up.” She tosses her arms in frustration.
Ralph swung around, cuddling her, sweet breathing on her cheekbone. “It is a…”
“Bunny.” She looked over to the wall corner with a giggle and a grin. “A cute white baby bunny…” She didn’t bother to squat and touch the bunny, since it was a puff of magic pixie dust.
Ralph turned and chuckled at the hopping bunny. “It is cute and white and a bunny…”
The dance line filled swiftly with an array of tall and short werewolves who were laughing and cheering. Then a second dance line was filled with more tall and short werewolves. All the werewolves scooted over the floor and stood in a line, creating five dance lines.
Prudence looked over her collar bone with a gasp. “There are five different dance lines which are filled with people…”
Ralph chuckled. “Wolves. Yeah. For our fun.”
She shook her curls with a confused brow. “But inside the other theme shows, the floor was not packed with numerous dancing couples or long dance lines. Actually, each couple was about ten feet apart for dancing side to side, making the floor space almost empty for the show performance. And the couple could sorta easily avoid the magical critter before smashing it and getting disqualified. Here! There’re too many stomping boots.” She turned and looked at the hopping bunnies. Each bunny hopped in and out of the tumble weeds. Prudence frowned. “These bunnies are going to get stomped quickly among all the dancing boot heels.”
Ralph leaned and sweet breathed into her face with a chuckle. “Our theme show is different. All the dancers stand on the floor. The goal is to stomp on the bunny.”
“Stomp on the bunny.” She laughed. “And what do I get when I stomp on the bunny…”
“Me…”
“You?”
He smiled into her face. “Yeah, me. We have to dance in the line. We can’t move around and on the floor and leave the dance line like we did in the troll hip hop.”
She gasped. “We can’t leave the line. What are the steps? How can I stomp the bunny? I don’t understand.”
“The bunnies are going to hop up and down through the line. However, we must continue to repeat the dance steps over and over again. Or you get tossed out of the line?”
She frowned. “How can I get tossed out of the dance line? Who’s the dancing judge, werewolf Sally?”
He laughed. “No, not my X-girl. She ain’t the judge. She’s part of the dance too. The other dancers beside you will toss your cute butthole into the wall and make the tumbleweeds disappears. So if that happens, you’re out of the dance line and the dance show.”
She raised her palms with a stern face. “Okay. I get it. Who how do I stomp the bunny?”
He cuddled her with a laugh. “That’s the golden question. How do I stomp the bunny in a line of dancing boot heels? You patiently wait and watch.”
She nodded with a smile. “Okay. I can wait and watch.” She gasped. “And if you or I stomp the bunny, where do we go then?”
“Guess?”
She smiled with a giggle. “All right!” Prudence looked at the forward wall. “I don’t see any holes in the wall for a cave hole or a cloud of stream for a hot tub. A hot tub would be nice.”
He whispered into her smile. “I promise a hot rub, how’s that?”
She smiled. “Acceptable.” She turned and looked at the side wall. “I don’t any tall trees of nests or low bushes of flowers.”
Ralph softly chuckled. “I’ll give ya a hint. It is part of the bunny scene and not the werewolf scream.”
“Bunny scene?” She looked over her collar bone with a confused brow to the rear wall and gasped. “O my. Back in the rear part of the room, there’s a set of tall metal cages.”
“You’re slick, Pumpkin.”
She gasped with shock. “No. There’re actually a set of individual metal cages with an individual pad locks too.”
Ralph cuddled her with a laugh. “I told you before. Each winner of the theme show has to stay the entire and the early morning hours. And I would like to stay here with you until the early morning hours.”
She gasped. “But the metal wire is see-through. Everyone can see us.”
He laughed. “Actually, it’s magic. When the winning couple enters, the metal turns in a solid silver film like the wall. I promise no will be us.”
“See us do what?” she turned and winked with a giggle into his smile.
He kisses her lips, pulling back with a wicked smile. “Do our thing tonight until the morn.”
She frowned. “Mehire?”
He chuckled. “I ain’t doing my thing with tall ugly and meanie Mehire. And she is hours from here and hours from the morning. It’s nighttime.”
The banjo strewed with a series of musical notes as the five lines of dances sounded with a series of cheers and claps.
She spun around with a smile and viewed the forward wall, clapping and stomping my boot heels. “What’s the step sequence?”
Sally moved and dashed to the front of the five lines of dancers with a smile and a nod. “Okay. We finally got some music. I actually thought that I might have to whistle a country tune. Okay. Let’s practice the dance step together. Stand in your place. This is your spot for the musical song. You can move up and down and sideways with your dance steps. But you cannot leap forward or jump backwards. If you do, the dancers near your rib cage and your butthole will toss you high and long into the ceiling.’
Prudence gasped with shock, leaning with a worried brow to Ralph. “Is that true? Is that possible?”
“We are supernatural paranormal life forms. Yeah! O true! O possible, pumpkin! So, you must obey the rules.”
She frowned. “I am human. I don’t think that …”
“Be happy, not sad! This is for fun. We can come back tomorrow night.”
She nodded with a fake smile. “Okay,” she watched Sally.
Sally said. “The dance step starts on your right leg. The right leg is next to your right wolf. So the right wolf on your right elbow the person on your left.”
Prudence laughed. “What?”
Ralph elbowed her right bicep with a chuckle. “You are human, if you don’t understand that wolf command.”
Prudence laughed. “What?”
He chuckled with a smile. “I’m on your right. So use your right boot toe and right leg for the first part to the dance.”
Prudence smiled with a nod. “Okay. I guess that I got it the right boot and the right leg.”
Sally moved her boot toe behind her butthole. “Okay. Let’s practice together one step a time. Your right boot toe shifts behind your butthole like mine. Then the right boot flings to the front and taps on the boot heel. Then you march forward on your left boot heel and turn around to face the rear wall and smell the other wolves in front of ya. Then you march forward on your right boot heel and turn back around to face the front wall and smell the old wolves in front of you…”
Ralph spun around to face the front wall and leaned with a chuckle to Prudence. “This is why I got the front row to not smell all the wolves.”
“Thank you.” Prudence giggled with a smile, watching Sally, working her feet to the dance steps.
Sally smiled. “Then we cross step behind the rear boot to the right and then to the left and stand still for two seconds. Then we start the right boot tap all over again from the beginning and keep repeating.
Prudence leaned with a smile to Ralph. “How many cute bunnies are there?”
“About hundred cute bunnies per song. Once the song ends, then the winning couple runs to the metal cages for the night and the morning.”
Prudence smiled. “A hundred bunnies per song. Well I most assuredly that I can stomp on ten or more for us to go into the metal cage for the night.”
Ralph chuckled with a nod. “Ya go, Pumpkin. And you let me know when you stomp that bunny into the ground too.” He cupped his arm around her elbow.
Prudence turned with a sneer to see his arm around her. “What are you doing, wolf-boy? I can’t maneuver around the floor with your arm curved around my body. Take it…” She gasped, turning with a lady sneer to see that the wolf her left side. The wolf had curved his arm around her other arm too, making her dance movement slow and restricted.
Sally held her hands up with a smile. “Now all arms must be interlocked with your right wolf and your left wolf at the elbow. This is part of the challenge of stomping the bunny. Did everyone get the dance? Good. We start. Strum the banjo, musicians!” She turned around to face the wall as the banjo and fiddles played the country song. She yelled. “Front boot tap…”
Prudence growled at the arm around her elbows, missing the dance instruction.
Ralph jerked Prudence backward as his body followed the dance steps. He leaned over with a chuckle. “This is the punishment part.”
Prudence gasped, swinging the wrong leg behind her butthole as Ralph and the other wolf jerked her in the wrong direction.
The end of her dance line waved side to side in a semi-crooked line as each dancer tried to stomp the bunny with a boot heel.
The semi-crooked line and batches of bunnies continued to hop up and down over the floor without disappearing.
Sally said, stomping out her dance steps too. “Cross to the right…”
Prudence was jerked to her right side by Ralph, falling into his shoulder.
Sally yelled. “Cross to the left…”
Prudence felt her body being shifted to the left by the wolf dancer on her left side as she stood upright on her boots with a laugh and a smile. She yelled. “This is harder than sliding down over your back spine, Ralph.”
“Just wait.”
“There’s the bunny. Stomp it. Stomp it dead.” The female wolf said with excitement in Prudence’s dance line, moving slightly forward, slamming her boot sole over the floor and missed the bunny.
The bunny hopped up and down over the floor, bouncing in front of Ralph and Prudence.
Ralph laughed without removing his hands from the two locked elbows of the she-wolf and Prudence beside him. Or he would be disqualified from the line dance. “Look. There’s the bunny, Pumpkin.”
Prudence gasped with an evil smile, looking down at the cute white bunny, moving ahead from her line and stomped her boot sole at the bunny. “Dang. Missed. Dang. Missed again.” She pulled the wolves beside her to the wall, trying to stomp the bunny with her boot toe.
The bunny hopped up and down without injury to the side wall.
And then the dance line reacted, falling and tumbling over each other.
Prudence screamed, falling down on her face as Ralph jerked his elbow, pulling her upright again. Prudence gasped and coughed with fear.
Sally was performing the line dance with her mate Stoo in front of the five lines, calling out the dance steps. “Turn around to face the rear wall. Tap your right boot toe…”
Prudence turned around with a giggle and a grin, missing all the dance steps but having some fun.
The row of werewolves ahead of her yelled and stomped a boot toe at each bunny without a successful kill. Then the female werewolf in front of Ralph shoved her wolf buddy to the side, slamming him into the next female as the first female werewolf tried to stomp the bunny out of her dancing spot.
And then the male and the female fell over the floor with a growl, standing and attacking the first female werewolf. The other dancing wolves grabbed an arm and a leg and lifted the first female from the floor into the air, launching her body up to the ceiling.
And then the female werewolf hit the ceiling with a thud, sliding down the wall, landing on top of the fake tumbleweeds as the tumbleweeds turned back into the silver tinted solid wall.
Sally continued to dance the steps with a growl and a shout. “Out. Get out. You’re off the dance line by our werewolf rules.”
The female werewolf stood and crouched, drooling with mouth spit and growling a threat to the other line dancers.
Stoo continued to dance the steps with a growl and a yell. “Move along, she-wolf. You can try your turn tomorrow.”
Sally yelled. “Turn around and face the front wall. Cross your boot behind your ankle to the right…”
The male yelled. “Stomp the bunny!” He reached and slammed his boot toe on top of the bunny as it disappeared and hopped from the wall with a laugh and a smile.
Prudence smiled with a giggle, leaning over to moving dance line to see the young male.
The he-wolf and she-wolf broke from the dance line, hugging and twirled around with a happy face, turning and dashing to the one of the metal cages.
The cage door opened. The werewolf couple entered the cage into a white mist. The door closed. The metal cage still showed a set of see-through wire but the interior of the cage was misty looking in a white fog, protecting the privacy of the werewolf couple. The other werewolves sounded in a series of cheers and claps, resuming the dance steps to the playing music.
Sally turned to face the rear wall and danced with a smile. “Cross your boot behind your ankle to the left…”
Prudence turned around to the face the front wall, feeling a kick on her leg, swinging around with a lady sneer. “Hey!”
“Hey, back!” The she-wolf smiled with a giggle and a lady sneer at Prudence. “Move your ugly rump and your uglier face, sister…”
Prudence swung around to see the she-wolf with a yell and a sneer too. “Non-sister, do not kick me again or…”
The she-wolf slammed her boot toe into the kneecap on Prudence, missing. Prudence back stepped from the attack with a lady sneer. The she-wolf launched from the folding fall, hitting Prudence in the chest.
Prudence fell backwards on her back spine as the other werewolves stopped dancing and surrounded the fighting girls and chanted for the fighting violence with a set of cheers and claps.
The she-wolf fell on top of Prudence with a grunt, growling into the nose holes, sniffing the body odor of the girl. She-wolf lifted up her torso with a gasp. “You’re not. What are you? You’re not wolf. You smell…”
Prudence sneered. “I am…”
“Time to leave the party, Pumpkin.” Ralph ran and reached down, sliding and jerking the entire body Prudence with his werewolf magic out from underneath the paranormal she-wolf with a smile and a chuckle, lifting her into his chest, back stepping into a solid portion of the wall.
The other werewolves stood with a growl, watching Ralph and Prudence in heightened alarm of an invader into the Furnace.
Ralph slammed his shoulder blades into the invisible elevator and cuddled with Prudence, shooting up along the wall, closing his eyelids from the air molecules.
On the fifth level, he and Prudence fly up through air currents against the cold metal wall, landing on top of a solid surface as the cold air hit her face.
Ralph exhaled with a huff of worry. “That was too close!”
She covered her mouth and her nose with both her naked hands. “It’s freezing in here.”
He frowned. “Whisper.”
Prudence whispered with a smile. “My hands are covered in ring gems of jewelry. My goodness. I have a ring on every finger knuckle. I have a dozen or so bracelets on each arm. I have numerous necklaces around my throat without suffocating my breath and a set of dangling earrings from my earlobes that drag down to my collar bone. I feel another tiara on top of my hair roots but big and heavy. And I’m dressed in a long elegant evening gown with a tiny fur wrap around my shoulder blades. So pretty, I wear a set of gems over my throat and my arms and my hands and my earlobes and my toes.” She looked down with a smile to see a set of toe rings with a giggle and looked up with a grin to see his stern face. “Is there a ring on my nose too? I can’t tell, since the room is freezing cold. I believe that my nose and my earlobes and my toes are all frozen.” She sniffed the air, feeling her nostrils freeze. “It is so cold in here that I don’t sense a particular odor on this level. What level are we at?”
He softly chuckled. “Good. No. You don’t wear a nose ring either.”
She touched his jacket with a smile and a nod. “That’s a relief. But you look very dapper in your black tuxedo, and a red bowtie, and a pair of gloved hands. Are you hot?” She winked with a smile.
He softly chuckled, leaning down to tap her lips with a soft kiss and pulled back with a wicked grin. “Sizzling hot for you, Pumpkin.  These particular paranormals love cold air and darkness all the time. This is the fifth level and it is ice cold all hours of the day and night.”
She smiled. “Well this level is very elegant and refined. I am a princess of royalty. Why are we here again if you do not approve? Or maybe, you have poor taste.”
Ralph whispered into her smile. “To meet my kin and my kind, if not, but very, very briefly. And you look like a pretty princess too. Yeah. You’re right, pumpkin. Look. These are the vampires. And they are both snobby and non-social but insist upon social graces. Do not talk unless spoken to. Do not smile or giggle. Okay. These are some really serious rules here which must be followed at all times. Okay. I scared ya good. Or we can leave here and travel up the elevator to the next level.”
Prudence said with a stern face and a whisper. “No. I would like to stay and observe quietly. Yes. I can conform to fine elegancy. I like feeling like a princess for twice…once…never…in my life time…”
Ralph scanned the new room with a stern face. “The room is cold looking and feeling with a set of four solid walls of silver. And the musical song is not cheery or not jazzy saxophone or not staccato drums beats but soft piano notes like a death funeral march.”
Prudence leaned over with a confused brow and a whisper. “Have you not danced, here, before? You’re a paranormal. Don’t all paranormal stay and play together?” She giggled.
“Do all human stay and play together, Pumpkin?” Ralph turned and watched the vampire couple.
She frowned. “No!”
The tall couple moved from a huddle of elegantly dressed vampires, turning and strolling to Ralph and Prudence in a set of elegant clothing also. She wore an ankle-length dress as her train dragged across the silver metal floor and was covered from her black hair roots down to her pale toe nails in glittering gems of jewelry too. He wore a black tuxedo with a red bowtie and a pair of white gloves.
The vampire stopped in front of Ralph and Prudence.
Ralph nodded his chin with a stern face and a serious tone. “Good evening, L-man and L-girl. How are you doing? I am very well. Thank you.” He slowly extended a handshake with his gloved hand with a stern face which was free of emotion.
The vampire did not smile, reaching and shaking the pre-offered gloved hand with an authority tone. “I am Lemure. This is my wife lovely Listress.”
Prudence did not smile, speaking with a soft voice. “I am Prudence. It is very nice to meet…”
“Vampires. Yes. We recognize the look and the odor of your human kind. But we are and proud to be.” Lemure said with a stern face.
The piano struck a musical chord of deep bass.
Lemure bowed his chin in elegant respect without smiling, lifting up his chin with a stern face and a serious tone. “Please excuse us. The waltz begins for all us.” His wife lifted her pale hand of numerous glittering gem rings for the escort as Lemure tenderly grabbed her hand, swinging them around, moving to the side of the dance floor.
Ralph turned and cuddled Prudence very close into his warm cheekbone, slowly swinging her around the dance floor, saying with a whisper. “This is a waltz, rubbing body heat and whispering.”
Prudence scanned each couple with a whisper. “Each couple is dressed like us in a gown and a tuxedo too. “The vampires are not much fun.”
He whispered. “Vampires are the oldest paranormals on the planet. I don’t know much about them. But they are a nest of white snakes during the daylight hours, hiding underneath the low bushes and the warm rocks. And they are cold-blooded killers, sucking any species of blood. They actually dine on a set of small rodents or rabbits or a captured cow or two for their liquid dinner. But I do not ask. Actually no other supernatural species asks either. We respect them and leave them to their elegant lifestyle on level five.”
She turned and frowned at him. “Why are we here then?”
He slowly twirled her around the small spot of the dance floor with a smile. “I want you to experience the paranormal life, Pumpkin. I want you to understand my kind which does include the snobby and cold blooded vampires.”
Prudence softly laughed with a whisper so as not to disturb the snobby vampires and the slow dance. “And I wanna understand your secret nicknames. What do they mean? How did you create them? I honestly see the humor in the nickname.”
He smiled. “Thank you.”
She frowned. “That’s an insult.”
He slowly swirled around the same spot with the slow music with a smile. “O! Think of the alphabet. ABCDEFGHIJKLMONOPQRSTUVWXYZ…”
“Okay!”
“Is your mental mind thinking of the alphabet?”
“Yeah!”
He nodded with a smile. “Then you should understand now.”
She gasped in shock and looked down at the silver shiny dance floor. “There are snakes down there, slithering over the floor. Are the snaked magical too?”
“Yeah!”
She looked at the snake with a whisper and a confused brow. “I don’t understand. The ogres used green lizards for desert. The trolls used yellow baby ducks for water. The deer used blue birds for flight. The werewolves used cute white bunnies. You said that the vampire turned into a white snake during the daylight hours. So why are there look like white snakes here too? Why isn’t the magical animal a…a…?”
He softly chuckled, watching the snake over the metal floor. “Snakes only slither with other snakes. The vampires have no other pals but the other snakes.”
She frowned down at the slithering snake. “They are magical, right?”
He exhaled. “The challenge for the vampires or the love ritual is to tolerate the dancing snake over your feet as it slithers up your leg and then your arm and then to the top of your tiara.”
She gasped. “No. I can’t do this. This is really creepy. I’m totally freaked out.”
He looked down to see the slithering white snake with a set of curled lips. “I’m a werewolf. And I am freaked out too. But L-man invited us. We must stay and play until the end of the waltz and then leave. We cannot insult our host and hostess.”
She back stepped. “I can…”
He grabbed her, pulling into his cheekbone with a whisper. “I cannot.”
“I guess. Okay for you. So in the other dance themes, if you stomped on the magical critter and it disappeared, you were disqualified from the dance. So do that? Stomp on the pretty white snake. See, if it bites or hisses?”
He nodded and stretched out his dance shoe to the slithering snake as it turned and hissed at the advancing shoe leather. Ralph tapped it softly on top of its white skull.
And then the snake disappeared.
Prudence turned with a smile to see the dancing couples of vampires. No one called out for the disqualification notice. “Well it was a good idea. What are we to do?”
Ralph turned with a sour frown to see the dancing couples of vampires. “We are to dance until the song ends. We killed the magical critter and are still stuck in the cold room until the end of the song…”
“How long does a classical song last?”
“Five minutes or so…”
Prudence gritted her teeth, slowly twirling around in the same spot with Ralph on the floor. “Ugh. That is four minutes and fifty nine seconds to long.”
He chuckled. “Well it is now only four minutes and thirty seconds left.”
“Where does a winning vampire couple mate inside a nest like a real earth snake?” She softly chuckled.
He smirked with a whisper. “You’re slick, Pumpkin. Yes. Each nest is a hold under the floor. Look over to the wall.”
She slowly turned her face, narrowing her eyelashes, seeing the wall. “Uh. I see a solid wall of creepy steam from the vents.”
He softly chuckled. “Okay. You’re correct. Now look down the creepy wall of steams. What do you see?”
Her eyelashes darted down to the objects. “I see numerous piles of tiny brown colored twigs on the floor. That’s a nest. We should stomp on the nest.”
Ralph whispered. “No. That’s not a good idea. Vampires slither over the floor and drop down into the nest like a snake.”
“Ugh. So how do we end our time and get disqualified?” She turned with a sour frown and a gasp at the dancing couple.
One of the snakes was slithering up the naked leg of the female vampire as the female stood still with a smile.
Ralph cuddled with a set of curled lips with Prudence, slightly swaying side to side to the soft music, watching the horror show. “Now that gives me goose bumps.”
She curled her lips with horror. “Chills are attacking my spine as well.”
The snake slowly curls around the leg, scooting up to her knee.
Prudence exhaled with a puff of fear. “I don’t wanna look. But I can’t take my eyeballs off the snake or her leg. Where is the snake going?”
“To the top…”
“…of her head.”
Ralph turned with a worried brow, seeing a new dance couple. Their snake was slithering underneath the trouser leg of the male vampire as the vampire gritted his teeth with a hiss of pain.
Ralph whispered. “Ugh! Look more to your right. There’s another dancing couple with another snake.”
She gasped. “No!”
The snake was hidden underneath his trouser leg as he wiggled side to side, hissing. Then the snake appeared, coming out of his waist line, crawling up his jacket sleeve.
The other dancing vampires slowly swirled around to watch the snake move.
The white tail of the snake disappeared up the sleeve as the male vampire stood still, hissing with pain. And then the snake wormed out of his throat shirt collar, curling around his bowtie, hissing with its tongue.
Prudence gasped. “How is that possible?”
Ralph cringed. “Magically possible, babe!”
The snake un-curled and crawled over his face as the dancers gasped. Then the snake landed and coiled on top of his black hair.  The female vampire moved and slapped the snake with her hand. And then the snake disappeared into a mist of white. The other dancers softly clapped at the creepy dance performance.
“Okay…” Prudence frowned.
“…not…” Ralph exhaled with a huff of dread.
The vampire couple turned and held hands, running and sliding over the slick floor into one of the many piles of twigs. The twigs disappeared, revealing the opening over the door. The vampire couple dropped down into the hole. And then the floor closed up with a slurp.
Prudence turned with a worried brow and gasped, looking down at the floor. A new white snake was slithering over her naked toes, stopping and climbing over her ankle. She gasped with horror, stepping back from Ralph, looking up into his eyes for help. Ralph back stepped and wore a face of horror and pity, since he couldn’t do anything but watch. The snake curved and curled around her ankle Prudence could feel the thick slimy wet gel from the snake, sticking to her naked foot as she cringed, slapping a hand over her mouth from a muffled scream without seeing it between the slits of her evening gown.
The snake slowly moved up to her kneecap, trekking a slimy trail of wet gel and crawled up her thigh and through her waist. And then its head appears on her waist, curling around her waist, flicking its tip.
Prudence stood still with a hand over her mouth. Her other arm was extended to balance her body from falling down to the floor from faint and fear.
The snake slowly un-curled, moving to the side of Prudence’s naked belly button, crawling over her naked arm and up to her collar bone.
Prudence removed the hand from her open mouth without screaming, standing and shaking in fear and fright. She knew that the snake wasn’t real. But its slime trail was creepy and smelled of cucumbers like a real snake. She held both her hands away from her face with both her arms extended for balance as her body was shaking in fear.
The snake wiggled side to side, coiling around her throat with the jewelry too, since it was a magical creature also. It stopped, flicking its tongue, smelling the sweet perfumed air of honey.
Prudence held her breath, exhaling in tiny puffs of air from fainting, feeling the snake un-curl.
The head of the snake crawled up the nape of her naked neck behind her skull, since her hair was piled on top of her head and around the diamond tiara.
The snake slithered over the curve of her skull, curling into a ball on the top of her head.
The other dancers slowly twirled around in circle with a smile, watching the snake torment the new female.
And then the snake coiled around the tiara of Prudence.
Prudence could feel the extra weight on top of her skull, drooping down on her neck and her shoulders from the weight, reaching up with a shaky hand and closed her eyelashes from fright.
Ralph moved and reached out with a flat hand to the coiled snake also.
Prudence slapped the snake in a coiled pose on top of her tiara, covering a hand over her mouth with a muffled yell of gross again.
And then the snake disappeared with an angry hiss.
Ralph grabbed and dragged the arm of Prudence to a new position on the solid wall inside the invisible elevator for a final escape from the vampire hump.
On the sixth level floor, Ralph cuddled Prudence for a while at the wall, breathing with a heavy sigh of the nasty vampire dance and said with a confused brow into her closed eyelashes and her tear stained face “How did you know to whack the snake dead on top of your crown, literally and figuratively? I was going to…”
She opened her eyelashes with a sour frown. “Get us stuck down into the rat’s nest for the rest of the night until sunrise. When I saw the dancing couple, the male stood there like you in total fright or evil fun. Then I realized that it was his job to whack the coiled and non-hissing snake inside her tiara to connect to their love nest on the floor, since she was doing all the work of grunts and hisses along with her crawling snake. So I guessed that if I hit the snake first, then we would be disqualified. And I was right.” Prudence wiped off the tears of fear, controlling the rhythm of her breathing and her fears of the nasty snake and the snobby vampires, slapping her clothes with a smile.
She wore a little short tight forming dress of black with a halter back and a pair of wrist hand gloves. Her gloves were tied at each wrist bone in black color with a big matching satin ribbon. She touched her skull, feeling a soft hat. The hat was a floppy design, hanging over her eyebrows with another satin ribbon around the brim in rich black too. Looking down, she was wearing a pair of spiked fashion heel with in black color with a set of ribbons bow tied around her ankles too. Prudence looked up to see a new room, smelling the odor of tart spice.
The room showed a naked silver shiny dance floor without one single pair of paranormals and a set of four naked silver tinted walls without a door entrance or a floor flap opening.
Prudence exhaled with a puff of relief that they were at the end of the magical dance tour and giggled. “Empty. Are we home, Ralph?” she reached and slapped his shirt.
Ralph was dressed in a blue silk shirt without a necktie as the shirt was open, exposing his naked chest. He wore a pair of matching trousers with a set of matching dance shoes. Ralph looked up with a grin and a chuckle. “Look up.”
Prudence looked up with a gasp and a worried brow. “Snakes and spiders? No offense here. But your paranormal friends are getting really creepy and scary like a real life Halloween party that does not ever end. I would like to skip out and go home now from the horror party.”
Ralph raised his arm with a hand wave and a smile to the female. “These are witches. They’re really cool. They dance over the ceiling, not over the floor. During the daylight hours, they are all white cats. Meow.” He leaned over and tapped her cheekbone with a kiss, pulling back with a grin.
The ceiling was filled with an array of hanging green vines that were intertwined in colorful flower vines that held an individual broom sideways on each side of the long walls. The broom was made of tan colored horizontal wood with a big sweeper on one end in the color of black bristles.
In the wall corner, there was golden harp playing by itself on top of a broom by witch magic. The music consisted of continuous lovely musical crescendo scales of notes, going up and down and down and up, making soft echoes throughout the empty room.
One of the witches was swinging back and forth on top of her broom near the ceiling, sliding down and landed on her fashion sandals. She wore a little short tight forming dress of dark red with a halter back and a pair of matching wrist hand gloves. Her gloves were tied at each wrist bone in dark red color with a big matching satin ribbon and a hat. Her hat was a floppy design, hanging over her eyebrows with another satin ribbon around the brim in rich red too. “Hey, Ralph-man.” The tall female with the big breasts extended a pale colored of red fingernails to Ralph, gently touching the middle of his naked chest, pulling back her hand into her chest with a smile and a nod.
Ralph sounded with a moan and a wicked grin. “Woof. She’s my P-girl.” He gently reached out and touched one side of her breast with a chuckle, holding it with another chuckle.
The witch slapped his hand away from her big breasts with a sour frown. “Hello. I am Abby.” The female witch turned and reached out her hand to the middle of the chest of Prudence, shifting and grabbing the two biceps, planting a set of soft lips on top of Prudence’s lips for a few seconds.
Ralph grunted with a soft clap and a wicked grin, watching the two females.
The witch pulled back with a smile, wiping off the mouth spittle with the back of her hand. “It is very nice for you to come to our place tonight.”
Prudence gasped with shock, rubbing off a kiss from another female. “Uh. Thanks…”
Ralph cuddled Prudence with a wink and a chuckle to the Abby. “I want you to meet my new friend, Pumpkin.”
Another female witch slowly dropped down from her individual broom swing, landing next to Abby. “Hello! I'm Abigail. Welcome to our witchy level here at the Furnace!” The queen sized witched smiled and slapped Ralph in the middle of his chest with her hand with a giggle and a grin, wearing a dress, a hat, and a pair of gloves in rich blue.
Ralph sailed backward into the wall with a huff of shock.
Abigail turned, reaching out with her gloves and grabbed the biceps of Prudence, sliding her lips over the mouth, kissing Prudence with a moan. She pulled back with a smile and a nod. “Fresh blood…”
Prudence coughed, back stepping with a gasp, wiping off the mouth spittle too.
Ralph moved from the wall and clapped his hands with a grin and a chuckle. “Intros are done. We are here to dance not make out. Start the music now.”
Prudence leaned over with a confused brow to Ralph. “What’s the name of the witch?”
Ralph laughed. “Abigail. Open your clogged eardrums. She just told ya. Are you getting tired, Pumpkin? I promise this is the last dance for the evening then we encounter more fun stuff.”
Prudence whispered for her eardrums only with a puzzled brow. “My P-girl? Ogres are tall and ugly. Werewolves are dogs. Bullfrogs are short and thick trolls. Elves are deer with big ears. Vampires are snakes and fangs.” She said out loud. “What do witches possess?”
Ralph laughed with a wink to Abby. “Big b…”
Abby raised her arm with a smile up to the ceiling. “Big brooms. We all possess a great big broom.” She wiggled her fingers at to the harp. The harp played a swifter set of musical scales. The witch lifted from the floor into the air and landed backward on top of her broom swing with a smile. “Time to dance.”
Prudence whispered with a giggle and a grin. “Think of the alphabet. ABCDEFGHIJKLMONOPQRSTUVWXYZ.” She gasped with the direct understanding. The female witch possessed an extra set of big breasts inside her tight fitting clingy dress, making her body shape look exactly like the alphabetic letter P. The witch has a big chest of breasts and long legs.
Ralph had called werewolf Sally X-girl, since she stood with her arms up and her feet apart.
O-girl was the round body of ogre Betty.
A-girl was Rana with her short neck and wide heavy hips like an upright bullfrog.
Prudence gasped with a whisper. “Ralph has named some of the female paranormal after the alphabet.” She leaned over to his nose profile with a giggle. “Okay. P-girl can fly up and ride her broom.”
Ralph laughed. “Yeah.”
“I cannot. So, do we dance on the floor?”
“Naw.” He cuddled her, bending his kneecaps, flying to the ceiling as Prudence screamed. Ralph soared and sat on top of the broom side.
Prudence grabbed the vine flower rope with one hand, feeling scared and thrilled at the same time with the swinging broom. Their combined weight made the broom swing back and forth in synch with the music.
Ralph turned and sniffed her throat with a growl. “Watch the witches.”
She turned to see the line of witches on both sides of room below the ceiling.
Each witch swing back and forth in synch with the harp music for a few sways. Then each witch left their particular swing, flying and colliding…naw…hugging in mid-air. They kissed and parted, holding hands, outstretching their arms into numerous dance moves.
Each dance move with the paired witches was different and unique.
One pair of witches was slow dancing cheek-to-cheek.
Another pair of witches were swinging their hips side to side with an invisible melody of song that didn’t synch with the slowly harp music.
Another pair of witches was playing tag, chasing each other in a circle with a series of giggles and smiles.
Ralph whispered with a smile into her cheekbone, kissing it with a grunt. “We do our own thing in mid-air. It don’t matter but to move and enjoy the freedom of space and time.”
Prudence gasped with fear. “But I can hold my body in the air either. I cannot do this. I wanna quit the dancing sequence.”
He smiled. “Yeah. You cannot. Okay. This is what we’ll do. You swing back and forth. You can stay up her due to the magic vapor flowing around in the air. You wanted fall off the swing since the other witches don’t want an accident. Management gets upset if there is an incident to any paranormal…”
She turned and gasped. “Why is that?”
He exhaled. “Paranormal are being turned into an animal state. And management is trying to figure out who is doing it. Then that paranormal will be toasted and roasted with numerous magical vapors of death.”
“You would kill one of your own?”
He smiled. “Humans kill numerous of their own quite often.”
She looked down to the floor with a sad face. “Sorry. Yes. We do for several strange reason.”
“Okay. Be happy. This is for fun. Look. If you too scared, we can leave.”
She looked up with a happy face. “I’m game.”
“Good.”
“You swing back and forth and then jump….”
“Jump?” She looked down with a worried brow. “Its…It is…”
“About fifty feet down. Yeah. But I’m going to jump at the same time from my swing and catch you in the middle of the air. Then we can dance and have some fun…”
“Wait. Where does a witch couple mate?”
“Silly girl, a witch and a witch can’t mate. They…”
“I know.”
“Ya do?”
She frowned with a sour face. “I mean I understand. What I mean to ask? How do a witch and a warlock mate?”
He laughed with a smirk. “Geez. I gotta explain the birds and the bees too. Are you …
She exhaled with a puff of embarrassment. “Yes. And you know what I mean but insist upon embarrassing me for your fun and my annoyance.”
He chuckled with a grin. “Yeah. I like. Look behind the swings of each broom, there is a tiny round hole.”
She turned and viewed the forward wall, narrowing her eyelashes. “The bat cave. The bat hole. Holy bat!” Prudence giggled with a smile.
“Yeah, I guess a human would see it like that.” He chuckled with a smile.
“What is it?”
“It is a bat cave.” He laughed, swinging back and forth. She screamed, hugging his neck as he chuckled. “Much better. The bat cave is holding the tied and drugged warlock. They get nasty when penned like an animal.”
“So how does the witch go into the bat cave?”
“Do ya really wanna know that, Pumpkin?”
She gasped with shock, shaking her curls. “No. Naw. Forget it. So we swing and jump. Do you promise to catch me?”
He nodded with a smile. “I promise to do anything and everything you want. Okay. I’m leaving by flight to go across the air wave.
She gasped with shock. “But how? You’re a werewolf. I don’t know that werewolves fly. I thought that they only line danced,” giggling.
“Magic. When I jump, the swing will violently sway back and forth from my exit. So hold on.”
She nodded with a worried brow, removing her hands, holding each side of the vine flower rope. The rope was silk soft as the flowers gleam in pretty arrays of colors.
Ralph jumped falling down to the floor from Prudence, lifting and aiming to the opposite swing. He turned and landed on top of the rounded sideway stick of the broom with a laugh. His laugh echoes to her eardrums.
Prudence gasped and laughed with the fun. Her swing was moving back and forth.
Ralph waited to time his swing motion with her, talking from across the room in a whisper as her eardrums picked up his words. “Okay. Keep swinging. I am getting my swing in synch with yours. Then we jump.”
Prudence nodded to him, swinging back and forth, hanging the vine flower rope, feeling scared and excited.
Ralph whispered with a smile. “Jump.” He left the swing, sailing upright in the air, hovering in the middle of the space with a smile and a frown. “Pumpkin….”
“This is scary for me, Ralph-boy.” She frowned with a sour face without leaving her swing. She swung back and forth, griping the vine flower rope with fear.
Ralph flew backwards, landing in the swing. “Okay. I promise that I will catch you. Don’t ya trust me? I’m been with you all night dancing and stuff.”
“Yeah.”
“Okay. Jump on my mark of three. Three.” He leaped from the swing, sailing upright into the middle of the air.
Prudence closed her eyelashes, releasing the vine flower rope, sliding off the swing and dropped to the floor.
Ralph gasped with fear, falling even with her, moving forward and collided. “Gotcha.” He hugged and twirled her around in circle. “Open your eyeballs, Pumpkin. We’re dancing, sorta. It’s the best I can do with dead weight.
She slowly opened her eyelashes, looking at the wall and gasped with a smile. “I…I feel funny. My stomach is flip-flopping with butterflies not being able to touch a solid floor. I feel like I’m falling but not. I feel like I’m flying but not. I feel you breathing on my cheekbone too.”
He chuckled with a smile, slowly spinning them around in circle. “I like to breathe on your cheekbone too. Okay. We can’t stay like this for the rest of the night.”
She moved her arms, hugging his waist with a giggle and a wink. “Why not? I feel better touching you than the naked air waves.”
He smirked. “Yeah. I wanna touch you naked too.”
She frowned. “Ralph”
He laughed. “Okay. We gotta fly back to the swing. That’s part of the dance ritual.”
Prudence looked up to see that each pair of witches. They were parting and flying backward to their particular swing. They landed, swinging back and forth with a series of giggles and smiles.
“Okay. I'm not ready for this.” She exhaled with a sad pout.
He kissed her lips, pulling back with a smile “All right. I’m going to toss your dead weight body, since I'm literally holding you upright with my magic back to the swing. Please don’t miss the swing! Or I’ll get into a mess with the management of the Furnace.”
She exhaled with a puff of nervousness. “Don’t worry! I promise. When I jump, I’ll outstretch both my arms and catch the rope. I don’t’ want to miss or a mess either,” giggling.
“On my mark of three. Three.” He tossed her from his chest and into the air.
Prudence sailed at an angle through the naked air currents directly to the swing, extending her arms, slapping the vine flower rope with her right hand first and swung her body around the swing. She exhaled with a puff of nervousness and excitement with a giggle and a grin. She slowly un-wrapped her body, sliding down on top of the broom stick without feeling too scared.
She swung back and forth, looking at Ralph.
Ralph had landed back onto the top of the broom stick also, swinging with her sway of the broom at the same time.
Each witch leaped from her broom stick again, colliding and hugging in mid-air with a series of giggles and laughs. The harp played numerous scales up and down in the corner.
Ralph laughed with a grin. “On my mark of three. Three.” He leaped from the swing into with a laugh into the air.
Prudence felt more confident for the second dance, leaping from the swing into the air as gravity took over her heavy body without a touch of magic. She fell down to the floor with a scream, flinging her arms and her legs with panic.
Ralph gasped with shock, falling down even with her new funny chicken dance, sliding over the air waves, capturing her body. He pulled her closed, kissing her cheekbone. “It’s okay. Man.” He chuckled. “Woman, ya are really some heavy dead weight. I thought for shore that you could meet me at least half-way.”
She gasped for breath with a sour frown. “Sorry. I can’t do this anymore. I am human. This is too scary.”
“Okay. We will leave. Let’s finish our dance in front of our nice hostesses the witches.” He pulled her close, cheek to cheek dancing with a smile, slowly spinning around in a circle.
Prudence closed her eyelashes, hearing the soft musical scales of the harp, calming her nervousness down note by note. She placed her chin over his shoulder with a smile and a whisper. “Okay.”
Ralph slowly spun them around in a circle as the harp slowly played.
Prudence slowly breathed, feeling safe and protected.
The air sounded with a series of ear-piercing shrieks.
Prudence shivered awake from her catnap, looking up with a confused brow to the ceiling.
A set of black bats flew out from each bat cave through the air, colliding with some of the witches that were dancing inside a huddle. Then the attacked witch screamed, flinging hands and legs as the bat landed and plucked off the witch hat.
Then each hatless witch turned with a sour frown to face the bat that was heading toward a cave, slowly flying from her dance partner and to the wall.
Ralph chuckled with a grin. “That is how the witch and the warlock mate. The warlock picks his bride of witch-ness, which is not the opposite. Okay. We can go now. We’re not a witch or a warlock. And I can’t pick or date a witch.”
Prudence gasped with shock. “Really, you can’t date at witch? Can you date a human?”
He frowned. “No and no. I can’t. It’s the number one paranormal rule. I can date and marry a werewolf thou.”
“Awe. Too bad.” She frowned.
“Too bad.” Ralph slowly dropped down to the floor, moving to a portion of the wall without a vent, cuddling Prudence with a chuckle.
On the seventh floor level, Ralph landed in a cuddle huddle with Prudence on the next level with a chuckle and a smile from the witch swing. He was dressed in his old clothing, a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a white shirt, and his pair of polished cowboy boots.
Prudence slapped her hands over her body, discovering her new wardrobe items, consisting of a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a pink shirt, and a pair of polished red and blue cowboy boots, sniffing and coughing. She covered her mouth with a whisper. “It smells like a furnace in here of burned wood without the heat and with the smoke. It is very warm. How is that impossible not to be heated and hot?” Each slotted vent shot out a heat plume of red and blue flames.
Prudence gasped with fear. “Are we inside the furnace part? There’re flames coming from the vents, not dirt, not air, not water…”
Ralph cuddled her with a cheekbone kiss and pulled back with a grin. “This is called magic, pumpkin. The fourth element of the planet is fire. We are in the heart or the top of the building of the Furnace.”
She scanned the vents of fire and flame. “Why?”
“We are here.” Ralph pulled her from the invisible elevator into the room.
She whispered into his face. “What’s this place?”
He whispered. “The meeting room.” Ralph moved from the wall to the table.
The room was empty and devoid of furniture also like the witches’ level. There were four metal walls of silver with a numerous vertical tiny slots that released a various times an individual tall and hot plume of red, blue, green, and yellow fire and heat.
Prudence moved across the floor with Ralph from the invisible elevator, cuddling into his cheekbone with a whisper and a worried brow. “The space is very large without any fun or furniture. And it is so quiet a library and heated like…like a furnace.” She giggled with a smile. “Why are we here, Ralph? What do we do in the meeting room?”
She slapped her hand to her chest with a sneer. “Meet me. Who dares to bring inside the Furnace a human?” The female paranormal is tiny and colored in gold with a golden metal stick and tip for a right arm with a hand and a set of fingers that was pointing at Prudence. And she wears a left leg with a second golden metal stick and tip of gold without a leg and a foot of toes, standing in the archway with a painted smear on her golden tinted face.
Ralph turned and back stepped from the single archway and the tiny female with a nervous tenor. “Piccoloette. I…I want ya to meet…Pumpkin.”
“Meet me for what?” Piccoloette stood in the archway with a sour frown and a tiny lady sneer. Her skin tone glowed in golden from her long hair roots down to one of her naked foot.
Ralph nodded with a worried brow. “This is Pumpkin. She’s here to help.” 
Prudence leaned over with a whisper and a smile to Ralph. “What is she?”
“A leprechaun…”
Prudence whispered with a smile. “No background story. No handshake. No collar slap. No kissy-kissy.”
“Look. She’s a leprechaun.” Ralph frowned with a whisper and stared at Piccoloette with a worried brow.
Prudence stared at the short paranormal female with a whisper and a smile. “Hmm. She’s a tiny little leprechaun. Is her name one of your secret codes too?”
Ralph stared with a worried brow at Piccoloette. “No. She came that way.”
Prudence smirked. “Hmm. Piccoloette is a funny sounding name with her funny standing frame. She looks the length of the musical instrument a piccolo which is only about five inches long. Is she five inches in height, maybe?”
He stared with a worried brow at Piccoloette. “She came that way.”
Prudence smirked. “I do remember some of my fictional mythology from high school I thought that a leprechaun was about three feet tall like a troll. She’s only thirteen percent of that height. Isn’t the number thirteen a very unlucky number? I guess not for a paranormal. All of ya’ll are not normal,” giggling.
Ralph stared with a worried brow at the leprechaun. “She came that way.”
Prudence studied the tiny female paranormal. “I know that the tale of the leprechaun holds a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. But did this leprechaun eat the pot of gold? She’s all golden colored and encased like a nugget,” giggling.
Ralph leaned over with a whisper and a worried brow to Prudence. “Yeah. She came that way.”
“We shall see, werewolf Ralph.” Piccoloette stared at Prudence and Ralph with a tiny lady sneer.
Prudence sniffed the air waves with a whisper and a smile. “I smell flowers.” She turned with a gasp to the invisible elevator.
Troll Burrack burped his announcement, raising from the other levels and stood against the silver tinted metal wall, cuddling with his wife Rana. They were dressed in a pair of low riding blue jeans, a pair of white sneakers with no socks, a plain white shirt, and a set of long gold chains around the throat. And a baseball cap went sideways.
They moved and hopped from the invisible elevator to the center of the room. He said with a smile and a burp. “Get this thing started and done. I’m missing all my fun downstairs.” He and Rann stopped. A set of lounge chair appeared in front of their facial chins as they stood only three feet tall. Burrack and Rana climbed and sat inside an individual chair, flipping the foot stool up.
And then each foot stool flopped down with a thud and flipped up with a thud again.
And then the trolls continued to flip an individual foot stool up and down with a smile and a burp over and over again.
Ralph back stepped away from Piccoloette with a worried brow and Prudence, turning and moving to the center of the room and stopped. Like magic in silence, a pink and green flowered loveseat appeared.
Ralph said with a sour frown. “Pink…”
“Awe. The floor burped up a pink loveseat for me. It’s a girl for shore.” Prudence smiled and twirled around, sitting on the pretty fabric, patting an empty spot for Ralph with a nod.
Ralph grunted with a sour face. “For you only…” He spun and scooted next to her, cuddling and holding her hands with a worried brow.
Each vent hissed in an individual plume of red and blue flames, announcing the arrival of a new paranormal couple.
Prudence smiled with a whisper. “I smell ripen strawberries.” She turned to see the invisible elevator.
The leader couple of the elf, Donna and Don stood against the wall in both silence and beauty as Donna elegantly moved from his body and danced over the metal floor on the tips of her Pointe ballet slippers, wearing a mint green tutu and a pair of matching tights. Her head held a forehead wreath of soft green colored feathers from an unknown bird and a tiny diamond tiara on top of my hair roots. Her hair was wrapped around her in light brown.
Don held her dark brown tinted hand, dancing behind her, wearing a sleeveless shirt with a pair of tights of mint green too.”
The female elf stopped next to the couple troll inside a lounge chairs as a pair of tall bar stools popped up from the metal floor like magic. Each dancer turned and elegantly sat on the edge as their pointy toes only touched the floor without a smile, scanning the room of guests without speaking.
Each vent hissed in an individual plume of red and blue flames, announcing the arrival of a new paranormal couple.
Prudence smiled with a whisper. “I smell sh…”
Shush.” Ralph leaned over with a smile and a whisper. “They’re here...”
Prudence turned a sour face to see the invisible elevator.
The leader of the vampire couple stopped inside the invisible elevator, wearing their formal attire, a gown of gems and a tuxedo with a bowtie. Lemure and Listress elegantly moved, sashaying to the center of the room without a facial expression but dead pale. They stopped in the center of the room on the other side of ogres. Like magic, a long sofa of French design appeared in front of his kneecaps. He turned and assisted his wife to sit first, swinging and occupying the fabric beside her.
Prudence smiled with a giggle at the elegant vampire couple. The winds swished, making the room cold. She turned and gasped with fear. “Who’s the big guy?”
A tall paranormal male stood at eight feet tall, wearing only a pair of fluttering silk white pants and a set of rippled muscles over his chest and his arms. His arms were crossed and his feet were naked without shoes along with his bare chest and his arms without a single strand of colored hair. His skin was a tone of dark tint, glowing against a clean shave face and a bald skull. He wore a set of rounded earrings on both earlobes and through his two nostrils like a bull, slowly moving behind the tiny leprechaun.
Leprechaun Piccoloette limped over the floor with a tiny sound of ting as the golden tip of her left leg hit the metal, stopping with some air space between the twin bar stools of the deer and the long sofa of the vampires. A very tall bar stool slowly rose from the metal floor hiding Piccoloette between the reams.
The male squatted and grabbed Piccoloette, lifting and standing her on top of the bar stool and released her waist. He re-crossed his arms without a facial expression of boo or hi, standing behind her and the stool.
Even with the bar stool, her golden hair roots did not reach the waist of the deer ballet dancers.
Ralph whispered with a grin. “That’s her boy-guard.”
Prudence frowned. “Is that her body guard? Why would a paranormal need a body guard? I thought all paranormal possessed a set of awesome supernatural powers from the bad weather and bad humans.”
He leaned over with a smile and pecked her cheekbone, pulling back with a chuckle. “I like your girly human humor. Yes, we do and more. He is her ‘boy’ guard.” Ralph chuckled.
She gasped. “O! O no!”
“O yes!” He wiggled his eyebrows with a chuckle.
Prudence stared down at golden colored tiny Piccoloette. “But she’s so small and tiny…”
“And he’s so big and large. Ugh! Ugh!”
She slapped a hand over her giggles. “Ouch! Ouch! What is he really?”
Ralph frowned with a puzzled brow, staring at the male. “I think he’s a defunked jinn…”
“A jinni from a bottle. How can he or his body parts possibility fit into any type of glass bottle? He is over ten feet tall or more.”
“No bottle can contain him or me, honey.”
“Does a jinn receive a name?” She smiled.
“Yeah.” Ralph nodded with a smile.
Each vent hissed in an individual plume of red and blue flames, announcing the arrival of a new paranormal couple.
Prudence smiled with a giggle. “I smell spice.” She turned with a smile to see the invisible elevator.
The witches huddled against the wall as a couple, moving to the center of the room and stopped. A porch swing with four legs popped up from the floor. They turned and sat inside the porch swing, rocking back and forth, watching the other paranormals and Prudence. They were dressed a little short tight forming halter back dress and a pair of matching wrist hand gloves. Her gloves were tied at each wrist bone with a big matching satin ribbon and a hat. Her hat was a floppy design, hanging over her eyebrows with another satin ribbon around the brim.
Each vent hissed in an individual plume of yellow and green flames, announcing the arrival of a new paranormal couple.
Prudence curls her lips, touching her nostrils with a sour frown. “I smell…”
“Wolf sweat.” Ralph softly chuckled, turning to the invisible elevator with a smile.
Stoo and Sally stood against the wall, wearing of a short sleeved colored T-shirt, a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a cowboy hat, and a pair of polished cowboy boots. Each werewolf possessed a tone of dark tinted skin, a head of shoulder length red colored hair, and a pair of glowing amber eyeballs on various tall and short body height of smooth muscles of slenderness.
The werewolves slowly moved over the floor, stopping beside the deer. A pair of throne chair popped up from the metal. Each chair was colored in tan wood with a thick pad of blue fabric.
Sally sat first with a serious face as Stoo scooted into the second chair, wearing a stern face, holding his wife’s hand over the arm rest.
Prudence smiled with a nod to them.
They nodded in silence back to her without a smile.
Prudence turned with a confused brow and a whisper. “Why aren’t your relative werewolves sitting next to us in another piece of furniture next to our loveseat? Did we insult them? Well, did I insult them when I was involved in that fight with that she-wolf during hoe down dance?”
“Naw.”
“Why are they here? I’m seeing each leader couple of each different type of paranormal here inside this room, so far. Why is that?”
Ralph scanned the room, acknowledging each paranormal being. “They are.”
Prudence scanned the room and each paranormal being too. “This looks like a meeting.” She gasped with brilliance. “It’s a meeting. This is the meeting room. Am I right, Ralph?”
Each vent hissed in an individual plume of red and blue flames, announcing the arrival of a new paranormal couple.
Prudence sniffed the air with a smile, turning to the invisible elevator. “I smell pine cones.”
The ogres stood inside the invisible elevator, wearing a set of shaggy animal hides. Oscar was dressed in a set of brown loin cloth from the waist down to the kneecaps. Betty displayed a white bodice from the breasts down to waist. From the waist down to the kneecaps, she wore a white shredded skirt. Each paranormal was very tall in height with a big head, a wide chest, and carried a long club.
Ogre Oscar led from the wall, dragging his big club over the metal with a hissing sound. Betty followed three paces behind him, dragging her smaller club with a hissing sound also. He stopped with air space between the vampires and Ralph as a set of twin pillows popped up from the metal.
Ralph turned with a stern face and a whisper to Prudence. “Look. Don’t talk. Okay? Let me do the talking. Okay.”
She gasped with fear. “Why? What’s happening? No. What’s wrong? Something is wrong.”
Ralph slowly smiled with a whisper. “Actually, something is right. Trust me.”
She gasped with nervousness. “What is right?”
“Quiet, Pumpkin. It is starting.” Ralph turned with a stern face to see each paranormal face.
Oscar assisted his wife to sit first then he sat beside her without a smile and a stern face. His head was even with the head rests of both loveseat and the long sofa, turning with a sour frown and a nod to werewolf Ralph and Pumpkin. “Why are we present inside the meeting room, Ralph?”
Ralph turned with a sour frown to see each face. “I was frozen by the white cloud this afternoon.”
Each paranormal mouth gasped opened in shock. Each paranormal skull shook side to side in disbelief.
Troll Burrack reached over and grabbed the arm of Ralph, squeezing with a gasp. “Impossible. I feel your blood flow, your heart rate, and your pulse rate. Ya fibbit, boy.” He burped with a sour frown, releasing the arm of Ralph.
Ralph shook his shoulder length hair with a stern face. “Naw sir. I tell the truth. This is Prudence Keller…”
“Killer.” Piccoloette laughed with a smile, dancing over the top of her tall stool. “Your pretty escort to the Furnace for the night is a human girl, who is a killer.” She jabbed her limb which was a stick with a sharp tip on her right arm and hand with a tiny lady sneer and a sour frown. “Toss her out now.”
Prudence gasped with shock, cuddling closer to Ralph, staring at Piccoloette and felt sad. She was a killer. Based on the television reporter and one of her school friends, Prudence had caused a car accident and killed her best friends in the entire world, sobbing without the tears for her sorry life. Her parents had kicked her out of the house. Prudence was walking down the interstate when a couple of car saw her in the bikini and wrecked into the rear bumpers of each other.
Now, Prudence was a prisoner inside a teen work camp, after she had graduating her high school without walking down the aisle as one of the smartest persons in her academic class.
“Piccoloette, we practice listening with our two earlobes or ear points rather than destroying with our fangs like the yesteryears of our ancestors.” Vampire Lemure turned and stared at her with a dull drone and a stern face.
“Why have you brought a human girl into the Furnace, our magical place for only paranormals?”
Werewolf Stoo turned and growled at Ralph.
“A better question here, how was the human girl able to enter and move through the pair of ogres?” Troll Burrack turned and burped at Oscar.
Ogre Betty pointed with a grunt at Ralph. “You need to go and ask Ralph. He brought in the human girl.”
Ralph cleared his throat. “Look out! She looks human; but she is not. She made it through the door without …”
“…being beaten down by the pair of ogres. The ogres are the gate keepers here at the Furnace.” Listress turned and pointed with a nod and a smile at the ogres.
Ogre Oscar turned and growled at Ralph. “How can we believe him?”
Stoo turned and growled at Prudence. “How can we believe her?”
Ralph raised his palm with a stern face and slapped his chest with a nod and a stern face. “You can believe me. I am here now. I was there then. I was clouded by a steam. It froze me instantly. I could not move but my mind was static. I could see and hear everything.”
Troll Rana patted Burrack on the arm with a nod and a worried brow. “O. It can’t be. Then she…”
Ralph nodded with a stern face. “It is. I felt the steam hit my body and covered my eyes. Then I fell over on the floor, stuff and not moving. I remember everything including Prudence. She was there too.”
Prudence gasped with shock, remembering the white mist and the dog. Ralph the dog leaped over her chest in top of the prison cot as she tossed him down over the floor. The dog fell with a heavy thud without moving. She leaned over with a whisper and a sad pout to the nose profile of Ralph. “I’m sorry. I tossed you on the floor that day. I didn’t know all of this stuff.”
Elf Donna turned and pointed with a gasp to Prudence. “She did it.”
Ralph patted her hand with a smile. “Don’t worry. I’m a paranormal. I’m a tough dog and boy. It was a total shock to me too.”
Werewolf Sally turned and laughed with a smile at Prudence. “She is a human. A human possess no magical powers, only metal weapons for killing off their kind, not us.”
Lemure raised his palm with a stern face. “I would like to inject for a moment here. Ralph had graciously volunteered to leave the Furnace and seek out the white mist.”
“And he found her.” Sally turned and pointed with a growl to Prudence.
“She is not the mist. She’s a human. Use your eyeballs and your nose holes.” Don sniffed up the foul odor of a human with a nod.
“Ralph lived with the humans for many months. Now he has returned safe and alive. Please continue your tale, Ralph. And please for all paranormals to hold your personal comments and grudges until the end of the story telling. Thank you.” Lemure turned and looked with a stern face to each face.
Ralph nodded with a smile. “Thanks, L-man.” He exhaled with a huff of nervousness. “Okay. I left here the Furnace during the day as a white dog, my old but constant animal state. I met and was kinda adoption by a police officer for my duration as a dog. The human provided both food and shelter. Yeah. During the night until he fell asleep, I remained a dog with my werewolf magic. I hunted at night, when the human was asleep. And I hunted during the day, when the human was working. I never ever found the source of the mist. However, during my time with the human for about two months, the mist appeared and frozen sixteen of our kind, paranormals.”
Each paranormal mouth sucked in a set of air molecules. Each paranormal chin dropped down into a chest.
Ralph frowned with a worried brow and a nod. “I can’t explain it. I can’t figure it out either. However, the day that the mist came for me, I got lucky. Pumpkin was inside the jail cell…”
Piccoloette jumped up and down over the tall stool with a sour frown and a matching tone at Prudence. “She’s a criminal human. Kick her butthole out of my establishment…”
Lemure exhaled with a huff of annoyance, turning with a stern face to her. “Piccoloette, you are hired to run the Furnace. I practice honoring a reprimand with a compliment as a sensitive and intelligence paranormal. So I want to compliment that you do an excellent job running the Furnace. However, you do not own the Furnace. All paranormals own and live here in peace. However, our peace has been interrupted with the white mist. The mysterious mist is a challenge for every paranormal that desires to leave the Furnace. And it is a heart break when a paranormal does. Ralph has boldly ventured out to find the white mist. And he has encountered and lived through the terrible experience which will provide invaluable information. So please continue, Ralph. And please listen with your pair of clogged up ear holes, Piccoloette.”
Ralph nodded with a stern face to each face. “Yeah. I was knocked off my four paws but not unconscious. I breathed but couldn’t move. So based on my new information and my experiences, all the other missing paranormals by the mist are alive and unharmed. They cannot get up and walk around or talk with anyone or us. I couldn’t talk. I couldn’t eat. I couldn’t pee. I rested on my side and listened. Then Pumpkin touched me. I snapped out of it.”
Each mouth gasped with shock. Each limb pointed to Prudence.
Prudence gasped with shock, slapping her chest and coughed. “I…”
Donna pointed with a gasp to Prudence. “She’s a goddess.”
Prudence shook her curls. “I…”
“Kick out the goddess from the Furnace.” Piccoloette jabbed her pointy golden arm at Prudence with a tiny lady sneer.
“Goddess-kin and the god-kin are always welcome to the Furnace.” Oscar said with a nod and a smile to Prudence.
“She is not a goddess.” Burrack turned and burped to Prudence.
“She is not a human either. What species are you, dear?” Vampire Listress turned with a smile to see Prudence.
Prudence leaned over with a whisper and a confused brow to the nose profile of Ralph.  “Do I speak now?”
Ralph exhaled with a huff of annoyance. “Yeah. Go ahead. I have seemed to cause an internal debate of yours and mine existence in here.”
Prudence turned with a stern face and a touch of nervousness to each paranormal face. “I…I am a human.” She suddenly realized that she was visiting a new world with some seriously awesome paranormals.
Ogre Betty turned with a sneer and pointed to Prudence. “I do believe that she is a human. And I do believe that she is the mist in disguise. That would be the most logical explanation for her entering into the Furnace without our magical senses.”
All the mouths sucked in air molecules. All the skulls nodded to each other.
“Naw. I do not believe that she’s the mist.” Stoo laughed with a hand flip at Prudence.
“Prove it?” Oscar turned and frowned to Stoo.
“Don’t prove it.” Sally elbowed Stoo with a laugh too.
“Paranormals, we are off the topic again.” Lemure exhaled with a puff of annoyance. Listress reached over and patted his arm with a smile and a nod to calm his vampire urge to kill and devour the annoying paranormals. Lemure turned to see each face. “Allow me to summary. Paranormal Ralph has been with the mist. Ralph has survived the mist. The mist is not inside this room either based on my eyeballs. A human girl is inside this room based on my nostrils. And the most important discovery is that each paranormal can survive the mist. The question, how did you survive the mist, Ralph?”
All eyeballs turned to Ralph.
Ralph exhaled with a huff of frustration. “I don’t really know. I was touched by the mist and frozen. I was touched by Pumpkin and not frozen. Therefore, Pumpkin is the key here…”
“She is not a golden key or a golden egg or a golden girl. She is a human.” Piccoloette danced over her stool top with a tiny sneer, pointing her left leg which was a golden stick at Prudence.
Elf Don turned and frowned to Prudence. “What makes this human so special besides her stinky odor?”
“It must her odor. She must carry a unique odor that affected Ralph when he was in state of frozen.” Listress said with a nod and a smile to Prudence.
Oscar turned and grunted to Prudence. “Naw. All humans smell like her.
“It ain’t her looks either. All humans look like her too.” Elf Donna nodded with a smile to Prudence.
“It ain’t her taste. Since all human taste alike too.” Werewolf Sally laughed and licked her lips at Prudence.
Prudence gasped with shock, scooting closer to Ralph.
Abby turned and laughed at Prudence. “It is so very obvious to me. We are all creatures of the soil, the water, the air, or the fire. She is a creature of water and air. The human body contains sixty percent of water. A pair of human lungs contains eighty three percent of water and a human kiss holds sixty four percent of water.” She touched her lips with her hand and licked her lips with smirk and a nod to Prudence.
Prudence gasped with shock, moving closer to Ralph.
Ralph turned and frowned at Abby. “So what, P-girl?”
“Think back to your very first encounter with Pumpkin, Ralph. Try to replay the story both vocally and vividly inside your mind and to us. So we might be able to understand also and maybe hear something that would connect you to Pumpkin.”
“Nothing’s connected to her. She’s a human. He’s a paranormal.” Piccoloette pointed her naked hand at Prudence with a tiny lady sneer, dancing on top of her tall stool. The jinn stood behind her without moving or speaking or grunting with the active conversation.
“Go ahead and speak openly, Ralph? This might lead us the secret behind the white mist.” Lemure turned and smiled to Ralph.
Ralph looked down to the floor, tapping his temple. “Okay. Yeah. The first time I saw pumpkin was when I jumped from the roadside into the ditch. I landed on top of her like a dog. Ya know?” He looked up with a laugh to see each face. “The second time, we were inside the sheriff’s office. I was resting on the office floor by his desk like always. The creepy white mist came through the door. I turned to see it and stood, running backwards from it. Then I hit the wall with the prison bars not being able to back up any further. I turned and ran into the open door, leaping over the cot, flying on top of Pumpkin. The mist covered the outer room and the inner room of the prison cell…
She grunted. “Why was she in a human jail? What did she do murder someone maybe? Might she be a murderer of another human?” Piccoloette hissed at Prudence.
Vampire Lemure exhaled with a huff of annoyance, turning to see Piccoloette. “We are not concerned about the human or the human crime. We are only concerned about the white mist.”
Prudence released her hands from Ralph, tossing them into the air with a puzzled brow. “Wait. I have a question. And I don’t have an answer. Why is the air mist important? What is it doing to all of you? I don’t understand. Well, I would like to understand. Then maybe, I can help you too. I…I wanna help, if I have already helped Ralph here.”
Piccoloette sneered. “She lies.”
“She truths.” Ralph wrapped an arm around Prudence with a smile and a nod to each face.
“I agree with Ralph. Tell her the fairy tale!” Stoo nodded with a stern face.
Elf Don smiled. “I agree with Ralph and Stoo. She helped Ralph. And she wants to help us. Please tell her the demon tale also!”
Lemure nodded with a stern face to Prudence. “The mist is a white steam of cloud that creeps over the ground during day or night time. Then it seeks out and attacks a paranormal, the paranormal is morphed into an animal and unconscious state. That is all we know and are certain of without catching and capturing the mist.”
Prudence frowned. “Wow! That’s so scary tale for the Halloween weekend. A mist cannot be caught. I mean, a human couldn’t catch a piece of gas matter, either. A vacuum cleaner can. Did you try that human-made home cleaning devise?” She smiled with a nod.
“She’s a fibbit.” Troll Burrack burped with a sneer.
“She’s a fraud.” Elf frowned with a huff of air.
“She’s funny.” Werewolf Sally slapped her leg with a laugh.
Ralph cleared his throat. “Okay! Back to my fairy tale, I was resting on the floor, unconscious. The other humans came into the office, because I could still see the action around my frozen body. And I could hear the voice around my frozen ears. One of the human picked me up from the floor and carried me out the building and into a car. I rested in the rear seat of the police car. Then I was transported to another building and taken out of the car. Inside the new building, I was placed on top of a tray and wheeled into another new room. To shorten my story, Pumpkin and I were taken inside a second vehicle, a van. She came into the van and touched me. Then we were taken to the teen work camp here but up there about twenty miles from the Furnace. Then I awoke inside her sleep cabin in the woods. And now I am here with all of you back at the Furnace, alive and breathing.”
Prudence turned and frowned at Ralph. “Do you sleep while being frozen?”
Ralph nodded with a smile “Yeah. I get tired of hearing the noise and seeing nothing but the airwaves. And eventfully, I fall asleep.”
Prudence nodded with a stern face. “I think…”
“I think it is so very obvious to me.” Witch Abby turned and laughed at Prudence. “It is so very obvious to me. We are all creatures of the soil, the water, the air, or the fire. She is a creature of water and air. The human body contains sixty percent of water. A pair of human lungs contains eighty three percent of water and a human kiss holds sixty four percent of water.” She touched her lips with her hand and licked her lips with smirk and a nod to Prudence.
Prudence gasped with shock, moving closer to Ralph.
Ralph turned and frowned at Abby. “So what, P-girl?”
Troll Rana flipped the foot stool down with a thud, standing with a smile. “I think I can figure it out. I can do it, Burrack.”
Ralph turned and frowned at Rana. “Do what A-girl?”
Troll Rana hopped with a burp, holding out her hands, moving to Ralph and Prudence with a smile. “A paranormal cannot interfere with a human, but a paranormal can read the human thoughts with ease and also uncover the truth.” She stopped in front of Prudence. “I will touch your face and read your thoughts of the time your meet Ralph. Is that okay, Pumpkin? May I touch your skull human girl?” 
Prudence gasped with shock, looking up to see Rana, slowly nodding with a worried brow. “I guess so.”
Vampire Lemure smiled with a nod to Prudence. “A paranormal cannot harm a human. That is our number on rule.”
Prudence leaned her torso to Rana as Rana slowly reached and touched the hair roots of Prudence, closing her eyelashes and burped. “Okay. I am replaying all her personal scenes only with Ralph. And…and I…I see that she had touched Ralph with her sweaty hands after he was frozen. Yeah. This is the clue that we are seeking. Her hands were sweaty and moisture.” She removed her hands with a smile and a burp. “Sweat. Her sweat is unique to this human. Her sweat will revive all the frozen paranormals.”
The paranormal softly clapped with a smile.
Prudence exhaled with a puff of nervousness. “Ugh. Okay. I guess that I can do that to unfreeze the frozen paranormals.”
Lemure nodded with a smile. “Excellent solution, Rana. Pumpkin will perspire over each frozen animal with her sweat. The action should cause a reaction and then the frozen animal will awaken and be returned into its natural human state of form. And then all the paranormals will return back to us here at the Furnace. The happy ending.”
"What about the mist? It’s still out there, Lemure?” Ogre turned and frowned at the vampire.
“Yes. The mist is still a problem. Let us solve one mystery at a time first.” Lemure nodded with a stern face to Oscar, turning with a smile to Prudence. “Pumpkin, you will perform you duty tomorrow evening.”
Prudence gasped with shock. “I can to do it now. I am here and available now. Yes. I can help. Where are the frozen paranormals in animal states located nearby or not nearby?”
“We do not know.” Sally turned and frowned to Prudence.
Prudence turned and dropped her mouth to Sally. “Ya don’t know. How am I supposed to find them?”
Ralph snapped his fingers with a nod and a smile. “They all are housed somewhere in Greystone at the teen work center. Yeah. That’s where I was taken when I became frozen inside the sheriff’s office in my dog state. Yes. I awoken and was converted back into a human form inside one of the forest cabins at the teen work center. They are somewhere at the teen work center.”
Prudence frowned with a nod, exhaling with a puff of nervousness. “Okay. I guess I can find it now. So I’ll look and locate the frozen animals tomorrow. I must perform work duty over the camp grounds anyways. Easy peasy…”
“…not for a human.” Piccoloette sneered at Prudence.
“We shall see tomorrow evening.” Stoo nodded with a stern face.
“Wait.” Prudence raised her palms, dropping her mouth. “I am a human. I am not a paranormal. And I heard that might not remember this evening at the Furnace.”
Leprechaun Piccoloette sneered. “I promise that you will not remember this evening at the furnace.
“Okay. Then how will I remember the seek-and-rescue mission. Geez. I’m only human here.”
Ralph chuckled. “I know.” He performed an m-turn and an m-dash to the invisible elevator within an eyelash blink from Prudence. He had returned to her side with his magic, holding a tiny petal flower.”
“Yes. That is an excellent mental suggestion, Ralph.” Lemure nodded with a grin.
Ralph reached and touched her hand with a smile. “When you awaken tomorrow morning, you will see and feel this soft petal of the flower. My magic does not affect humans. No paranormal can affect a human. But the sense and feel of touch will reactivate your smart neurons with the color of orange like a pumpkin for this tiny soft petal. The petal is girly like my pumpkin.”
Prudence extended her palm as he dropped his hand and placed the petal into the pocket of her blue jeans with a smile and a chuckle. “Ya can’t touch it with your human hands and smell. The flower petal will smell like you. Now the flower has my tiny touch of werewolf magic. Once you touch it, your neurons will go crazy at first. Then your mind will remember will vivid colors and smells.” He chuckled.
Prudence patted the pocket with the flower with a smile and a nod. “I will be my very best…”
“You must success. Or all is still lost.” Elf Donna nodded with a sad face.
Prudence frowned. “What does that mean?”
“You saw Darling Forest?” Burrack burped with a sad face.
Prudence nodded with a solemn face. “Yes. I did. It is the place where all the trees are bleached white with a blood red stain in the size of a heart with the initials of the couple.”
Listress touched her moist eyeball with the handkerchief with a sad face. “Darling Forest represents all of our lost paranormal due to the white mist for some reason which cannot be explained. Each tree of the couple has become numb with pain in whiteness. Each heart is bleeding in worry for their lover’s return to the Furnace.”
Donna smiled. “When two lovers etch their single initial together with an old fashioned heart symbol into the bark of the tree, they are lovers always and forever until the end of time. Darling Forest tells the lover tale to all paranormal for love and respect.”
Stoo frowned. “Inside our Darling Forest, all the trees usually possess green colored leaves and dark brown bark that shows a cut out heart shape with a set of single paired initials like me and Sally. Our green healthy tree is marked with S and S which is surrounded with a heart outline. However, some of the trees are bleached in pure white with two ounces of leaked blood of each lover in the middle of tree bark.”
Troll Burrack burped. “The tree is not slowly dying but slowly waiting for the love couple to unity again.”
Elf Don said. “Something has and is attacking each paranormal life form, who ventures out from the Furnace for some strange reason. During the day, I must roam in an animal form of deer like the rest of my kind. At night, I revert back to my human form like this.”
Sally said. “However, for the past six months when the mist attacks, the unlucky paranormal becomes permanently frozen as their animal state for some strange reason.”
Lemure said with a nod and a stern face. “The mist is our dilemma, Pumpkin. You task is to unfreeze our lost family member and friends. We will be forever grateful, human.”
Prudence nodded with a grin. “I will do it.
Ralph cuddled Prudence with a worried brow with a whisper. “It’s very close to midnight. We must leave. Good night, ya’ll. Hold my hand tight. We’re going to m-dash to back through the twenty miles of deep forest to the teen work center.” She nodded.
And then they held hands as Ralph turned, performing an m-dash down the invisible elevator, through the entrance archway, dashing swiftly around the trees and the low plants like a pair of white ghosts and halted in front of her cabin with a smile and a chuckle. “We’re here.”
Prudence held her temple with a giggle and a grin, turning to his smile. “I…I don’t feel sick or dizzy. Magic is amazing. So it is time. And i am here with you.”
“Yes. It is no time. And I am outta here too.” Ralph leaned down and kissed her.
She felt the warm flesh on her lips then the cold air around her face. When Prudence opened her eyelashes, she turned with a gasp, seeing the running hind legs of a white dog. She frowned with a stern face and a nod to the dog form of Ralph. “It is a new day. A new dawn. A new duty. I will success. I promise ya’ll.” She turned to the wooden door.
The door opened.
At 11:52 pm, Prudence run ahead and slide over the blanket on the floor with a giggle and a yawn, stretching her arms up in the air, resting over the soft thickness of the blanket, since she didn’t want to the sleep over the dog hair on the bed mattress.
Friday, May 15th


Hot and humid sunrise
05:50 am
cabin location


17 years. 26 days. 04 hours. 18 minutes. 03 seconds. 52 milliseconds

At 05:50 am, in the heat and humid day, a ray of sunlight entered the glass window inside the cabin floor, crawling over the floor, attacking the naked ankle with a beam of light and heat.
Prudence rolled to the side over the floor and away from the burning sunshine ray and opened her eyelashes, staring up at the wooden ceiling, gasping in shock. She was standing on top of the floor and slapped her hands on her old clothes, a pair of cut off blue jeans, a dirty tee shirt, her bikini top, and a pair of sneakers.
She looked down with a gasp at her sneakers. “I wore my sneakers to bed last night. Why? What?” Prudence could hear the shouts of the teens and Mehire, slapping her clothes with a sour frown. “Another day of picking up trash.” She yawned and sneezed. “Another day of picking up trash.” She thrust her hand into the pocket of her blue jeans for a tissue, pulling out a tiny flower petal with a smile. “A flower in orange. I like the color of orange. It…it is soft too. It…it reminds me of…of pumpkin pie. I like to eat pumpkin pie during the holidays too. Where did ya come from little tiny flower? And it…it is changing…melting in my hands.” She screamed with a worried brow as the flower petal disintegrated into a pile of ashes in her extended palm. Then the orange ashes lifted and drifted from her palm into the air, riding the air current. Each orange ash sailed through the wall of open windows inside her cabin, flying away in the breeze from her.
Prudence dropped her mouth with a gasp, slapping her body. “It’s real. I’m real. He’s real too. It really happened. I remember.” She turned and ran to the naked mattress, tossing the bed linen and gasped. “The dog ain’t dead. The dog is him. There is brown hair and white dog hair here. The dog was here. Where’s the dog now. O no. Where’s Ralph? Yes. I was visited and dated a werewolf.” She gasped with shock. “Yes. I remember I am to help the paranormal at the Furnace today, tonight now.” She looked at the flower petal of orange. “Where are they at somewhere here?”
The door sounded with a knock.
Prudence run and slammed into the wooden door with a thud and a giggle, back stepping and opening the door with a smile and a nod. “Good morning, Miss Mehire.”
Mehire gasped with shock with a sour frown and a sneer. “You’re up this early, new teen.”
She nodded with a smile. “Yes ma’am. I’m an early riser and a hard worker. And I am really for my new assignment this morning. And I am refreshed from my work duty yesterday.”
Mehire back stepped from the archway with a sour frown and an ugly sneer. “Come on out then, new teen.” She turned and moved to the huddle of other teens.
Prudence stepped out the cabin with a smile and a nod, running and standing beside the huddle and turned to see her not new friends. “Good morning, co-workers.”
The huddle of teen sounded with a series of laughs and smiles.
The petite red-headed teen female turned with a giggle and a wink to Prudence. “How did you sleep, Prune?”
“On the floor, girl.” Prudence nodded with a smile, watching Mehire. All the other teens sounded with a laugh.
Mehire frowned with a sour face. “Quiet! Or no breakfast this morn.” She moved through the forest. “All of you did a good job with this part of the forest. Now we move toward the roadway. Lots of cars toss trash and nasty stuff from the car window like a bunch of silly monkeys. And we will work around each building. So part and break into numerous small groups. I didn’t care who works with whom. Pick up your bag of breakfast food and the one with the sticker picker…”
“Sounds like a new nose boggier.” One of the teens laughed.
“Your sticker picker is used to pick up all trash. Please the trash inside the bag and not into the plant brushes for hiding. If I find one piece of trash in the plant brushes, no supper for any teens today.”
“There’re rights and laws for teens here in the USA.” Another teen snarled.
“USA. USA.” Some of the teens chanted in unison with smiles.
Mehire sneered. “Not here. That’s why ya here for doing something mean. Get to work now,” she turned and moved out of the forest and back to the main house.
Prudence licked her fingers from the greasy ham and biscuits, finishing the bottle of milk, depositing the used items down into her trash sack. She turned and moved away from the other teens, slapping the sticker picker over the first piece of garage, a paper cup.
At 07:34 pm, in the blue and green sunset on the continuous hot and humid evening, juvenile troublemaker, seventeen years old, high school graduate Prudence shuffled around the grass, scooting and picking up each individual trash piece over the plants and bumped into the red-haired petite girl with a giggle and a grin. “Ha. Ha.”
The petite red-haired girl turned with a sneer to see the nose profile of Prudence. “What does that mean, Prune?” she shuffled to the side away from Prudence too.
Prudence giggled with a smile. “Ha. Ha. The joke’s on me with the dang dirty white dog in my bed. Where did it come?”
“Somewhere.”
“How did ya get into my bed then?”
“No one uses the cabin but the newbies like you. We like playing jokes on the newbies like you. One of the teen males stole the dog from the warehouse right before supper.”
Prudence gasped with shock and smirked, picking up the next trash piece with the sharp tip of the sticker picker tip without giving away her secret. “O. That’s strange. Why’s there a warehouse with a dog inside? I thought a warehouse held furniture and clothing and shoes and stuff.”
She giggled with a nod. “Yeah. It’s strange all right. My understanding, the warehouse’s filled with dead animals.”
Prudence cringed inside her guts but continued to fake the clueless teen act, picking up the garage with the sticker picker. “Why’s that?”
“They used for experiments by a group of evil scientists somewhere nearby. All the dead or semi-dead animals are inside the warehouse.”
Prudence dropped her mouth and her sticker picker on the ground. “What? Why? How? Where’s the warehouse?” She turned and scanned each building. All the building was the same size with dull white paint from the bright sun.
She turned and laughed at the nose profile of Prudence. “Ya like to see dead things too?”
Prudence tossed her head back with an evil laugh, looking down over the hair roots of the short mean red-haired teen with a snarl. “I love to see dead things. Where’s that specific warehouse of the death among all the dozens of buildings here at the teen work camp. Each building looks alike.” She turned and scanned the building again.
The red-haired teen smiled and pointed in the far distance to the building. “Okay. I guess. I’ll share my secret. But you can’t tattle to anyone. It’s the end building on the east side, since vampires hate the sunshine,” she laughed.
Prudence turned and gasped over the hair roots of the short teen. “What? What vampires? Does the warehouse hold a set of vampire bats too?”
She giggled. “Naw! There’s a set of snakes and some dogs and some stuffed deer. Harmless stuff. But, you gotta go after suppertime and before midnight…”
Prudence frowned with a clueless thought. “Why before midnight?
She giggled again. “That’s when meanie Mehire comes out and double checks the teens before she turns into a pumpkin.”
Prudence gasped. “Is she really a pumpkin in disguise?”
She exhaled with a puff of annoyance at the new teen. “Naw. She ain’t really no pumpkin. No. there ain’t really any vampires. What planet did you come from? Don’t bother answering. Look. You go after supper and after dark and before midnight.”
“Gotcha.” Prudence turned with a smile to see the far building on the east side. The building did not contain any windows. Her eyeballs couldn’t see a door either. It was probably bolted and locked on the other side.
The red-haired petite girl giggled. “O. There is one more rule. You can go after you clean up your designated trash area.” She lifted and turned upside her bag, dropping all her collected trash over the grass, the plants, and the wildflowers.
Prudence looked down with a gasp to see all the additional trash pieces of sticky gum, soda cans, beer bottles, wrapping packages, turning with a sneer to see the girl. “Ya little b…”
“Back in line over here.” Mehire appeared from the edge of the forests with a yell and a sour frown, moving around the teens. “Teens come here, all of you. It’s time for suppertime. It’s almost sun set. Ya can’t see and work at night when the sun goes down.” She stopped with a gasp next to the red-headed girl.
The girl turned and run into the arms of her boyfriend with a giggle and a grin.
Mehire jabbed a finger at some of the trash pieces with a sour frown and a sneer. “What is this? What are you doing, ding dong teen? You are not working…”
Prudence tossed her arms with a sour frown. “I did…”
Mehire jabbed a finger at the nose bridge of Prudence with a sour frown and a snarl. “You did not. Look at this mess. No supper for you, new teen…”
“My name is…” Prudence frowned.
Mehire shook her curls with a sneer. “Not important! Pick up each piece of trash now. You get no supper and go to bed. You can have double helpings of breakfast tomorrow. Clean this mess up now!” She turned and moved out the forest back to the main house.
The other teens collected the bags of supper food, turning with a series of giggles and laughs, moving to the area of pup tents.
At 12:12 pm, in the hot and humid day of bright sunlight, Prudence tossed her bag and her sticker picker with a sneer on the ground, flexing her folded fists with fury and angry and exhaled with a huff of frustration. The she calmed a racing heart and her active mind, dropping both of her arms, squatting down, lifting the items, picking up the first piece of trash. She had to finish so she could help the paranormals tonight. She had promised the paranormal peoples.
Seven hours later, at 08:12 pm, during the early evening hours on a clear night sky with rays of bright moon light and tons of twinkling stars, Prudence approached her tiny log cabin.
The door opened.
Prudence moved ahead inside through her lonely cabin with an exhaustive brow, wiping the sweat from her brow and stopped inside the clean bathroom. She exhaled with a puff of tiredness, spending the past two hours in work. She had squatted and stretched some tight muscles that she didn’t know existed, cleaning up the mess from that short mean red-haired girl.
She slapped her hands over the wash sink with a growl, looking up with a sneer to see her sweaty face from the hot springtime time heat, flipping on the facet water. A sweat ball dropped over the sink of water. She reached for the cold water and gasped. “The frozen paranormals. It’s after ten pm. I gotta help them before midnight.” She flipped off the water, turning and running into the closed door with a giggle. The door opened. She stopped and scanned the darkness without seeing any wandering teens. The guards were asleep or eating inside the main house. She moved down on her kneecaps, crawling over the steps and the ground like a bug and stood, dashing over grass until she was deeper inside the woodlands to cover her boot heels.
Prudence ran to the last building on the east end of the camp, where the sun rose every morning. She stopped in front of the warehouse with a gasp. The warehouse was very tall of many floors.
She kneeled down over the cool grass, crawling over to the door, standing on her knees and touched the knob. “Locked.” She dropped down, finding a rock to beat the lock into the death.
A cupped white hairy paw extended with a single black colored claw that shined underneath the moonlight. “Looking for this.” Ralph softly laughed as a white dog, standing next o Prudence.
She gasped with shock, beating down his paw. “Ralph?”
The dog laughed and talked with words. “Ya remembered me? I’m so touched, Pumpkin. Use it. Or abuse me? Either way, you can have me.” Ralph extended his black pointy claw tip into the rusty door lock and twisted.
The door opened.
The dog back pedaled, dropping down and rolling over the dirt with a snigger as Ralph appeared in human form, wearing a white T-shirt, a pair of ripped and faded blue jeans, a pair of cowboy boots and a smile. He rested on his back with a smile to her face.
She stood with a giggle, standing in the archway with a gasp. “It is well lighted inside here.” She entered and moved around, looking at the dimensions of the warehouse. “No windows. A dirt floor. A glass rooftop. The moonlight is shining through the glass down on us.” She stopped with a gasp of shock. “O no. There are many, many, many shelves of animals.” She turned and moved to the side wall. “This side wall is composed of numerous horizontal shelves of raw rough green wood like it had been cut yesterday.” She touched the wood and the animal. “There is a dog here.”
Ralph moved, pulling up beside with a sneer. “One of my werewolf relatives for shore.” He scanned the warehouse from top to bottom also. “This place is strange and weird. There are three solid walls of wood with ten shelves. The front wall with the door is empty of shelving and decoration.”
She turned and studied the interior of the warehouse with a giggle. “Coming from a werewolf, who lives inside a steel building of fire? Naw, Ralph. There are many, many shelves of animals. How many do you suppose are located in here?”
He continued to scan the warehouse, hunting for his werewolf-kin too with a whisper and a worried brow. “Four hundred.”
She scanned the shelves with a gasp. “Four hundred precisely, are you certain?”
He nodded. “My werewolf magic is good for something. I can easily count up the frozen individual animals inside this warehouse. And there are four hundreds paranormals, precisely.”
She exhaled with a puff of worry. “That’s strange. Okay. We have work to do before midnight. I gotta be in my cabin at midnight. Is this the only warehouse of frozen paranormal animals?”
“Yeah. All of this is very strange. I think this is the only warehouse. Actually, you must finish your hand sweat procedure before midnight too. Or your spell or your sweat doesn’t work.
“Why?” She turned with a gasp to see his worried face.
No time. Start near the door on the bottom row and touch the first dog. Then you go around the room, so you don’t lose track.” He exhaled with a huff of worry. “The other paranormal rule, all the animals must be touched by your hand sweat also. Or your sweat spell doesn’t work.”
She gasped. “Why?”
Ralph shook his curls with a worried brow. “No time.” He grabbed and dragged her to the first frozen animal, a dog.” Okay. Touch him with your sweat.”
She lifted and wiped her forehead with her four fingers, reaching down with a giggle and a grin, wiping her sweaty finger over the soft fur of the dog. “The dog doesn’t feel frozen. He feels soft and cuddly like you.” The frozen dog didn’t move or awaken. Prudence gasped with worry. “It didn’t work.”
He leaned over her hair roots as he was taller with a worried brow. “It works at midnight, a new day. Another paranormal rule, everything happens at 12:00 am, a new day and a new sunrise always. Move to the next one.” He shifted with her.
Prudence wiped more sweat from her forehead, touching the white deer with a wet hand and a smile. “So once my sweat works on each frozen animal, the animal will wake up.” She scooted over to the white bullfrog, wiping her forehead and touched the frozen animal.
“That’s the plan. We’ll see at midnight if Rana was right with the sweat thing.”
“Then what?” She scooted to the white deer, wiping her forehead of sweat and touched the frozen animal.
“Then all the animals will be unfrozen. They will awake and run out of here and return to the Furnace.”
She scooted to the white snake and gasped with fear. “It’s a snake.”
“A sleeping snake. Touch it.”
She wiped her forehead, lifting her hand, rubbing her finger. They felt dry without moisture. She touched her forehead again and gasped.
He leaned over her hair roots, staring at the snake. “What’s wrong? Don’t be scared. Touch the snake. We got three hundred and ninety seven more to go.”
She touched her right forearm and gathered more of her wet sweat, reaching and gently pressing her four wet fingers into the skin of the snake. “It’s soft. The snake’s skin is soft not hard. I thought it had hard and touch skin.”
“Naw.” It’s soft. Move to the next animal.”
She scooted to a cat, rubbing her forearm, gathering the sweat and presses her fingers into the soft fur. “I don’t understand. Why didn’t you implement this sweat plan before now?”
“We didn’t know how to fight the mist. We didn’t know why the mist exists. We do know that if a paranormal encounters the mist, then the paranormal is frozen in time. However, I experienced the mist. And I can tell you that each animal can hear and see me and you.”
“Are any of the animal hurt or injured?” She moved to the deer, rubbing her right forearm with the sweat, touching the anima with a smile.
Ralph turned and scanned the warehouse of animals with a whisper and a confused brow. “No. This is so strange.”
She moved to the bullfrog, rubbing her right forearm of sweat, touching the animal. “Why didn’t you do this sweat thing before on the poor frozen animal?”
We didn’t know the location of the warehouse. Thanks to you. We didn’t know that sweat from a human would awaken the frozen animals. Thanks to me.” He chuckled.
She moved to the snake, rubbing her right forearm of sweat, pressing her four fingers to the animal. “I still don’t understand. You found the warehouse.” She moved to the dog, rubbing the swat from her arm to the animal. “You found the sweat thing.” She moved to the deer, rubbing and pressing the sweat from her other forearm onto the animal. “Why wouldn’t the sweat from the human who carried the animal here awaken each frozen paranormal too?”
He exhaled. “I don’t really know. That’s a good question. But we can’t go back and figure things that did or didn’t happen. You found you.” He chuckled. “I mean I found you. You found me. Your sweat worked. So it is logical that your sweat would awaken all the others too.”
“Okay. It worked on you. So it will work on them too,” she scooted with a smile and a nod to the snake, holding her hand in the air with the sweat and a smile.
He exhaled. “I really hate to be a nag. But ya need to move faster. It’s almost ten thirty. There are exactly three hundred and ninety frozen animals.”
She giggled. “Chill. I got 13.8 seconds per animal to wipe with my sweat. We’ll be finished before midnight.” Prudence rubbed her fingers together. The sweat had dried. She didn’t want to take a chance of missing a frozen animal. Or her spell would not work. She dropped and rubbed her left forearm with the wet sweat, leaning over the snake, pressing her four fingers into the soft skin with a giggle. She scooted to the deer, rubbing and pressing her four fingers with a load of sweat from her other forearms.
He exhaled with a puff of annoyance from the human girl, shifting behind her and turning to scan the other frozen animals.
Prudence moved to the bullfrog, rubbing and pressing her four fingers with a load of sweat from her left forearm over the animal. “I’m happy to help reunite all the lovers with each other.” She scooted to the cat, rubbing and pressing the sweat from her other arm.
He frowned. “What do ya mean?”
“I mean that when each animal awakes then Darling Forest will be healed and turn green again like it is supposed to be.” She scooted to the deer with a smile and a nod, rubbing the sweat from her left arm, feeling dry and touched her right cheekbone, feeling the wetness. She rubbed her four fingers over her right cheekbone, pulling off the sweat and pressed over the large deer which was as a buck in form.
“Yeah.”
She scooted to the snake, slapping her right cheekbone with the sweat, pressing over the frozen animals. “I am happy that the ugly blood red stain will be gone and all white trees will turn green again.” Prudence moved to the dog, rubbing and slapping the animal with the sweat from her right cheekbone with a smile and a nod. She touched her right cheekbone with a gasp, feeling it completely dry, shifting her hand to her left cheekbone and felt the wetness. She scooted to the bullfrog, gently rubbing and slapping her four fingers over the animal.
The frozen animal did not move or blink or burp with acknowledgement.
Prudence moved to the snake with a giggle and a grin. “I’m happy that the frozen animals will be united with their lover too.” She scooted to the dog with a smile, rubbing and placing the sweat from her left cheekbone.
“Not all the frozen animals are mated to a lover.” He said.
She touched her left cheekbone with a gasp. “I don’t know that. Why not?” Prudence slapped her right cheekbone, feeling dry and touched both her forearms with dryness too, lifting her ripped shirt, feeling the accumulated sweat on her tummy. She smoothed her hand over her stomach, reaching and touching the bullfrog.
“Well I guess that they haven’t found their mate.”
Prudence moved to the deer with a nod, rubbing and pressing her hand over her tummy, collecting the sweat and gently slapped her flat hand over the animal. “That’s interesting.” She scooted to the bullfrog, wiping the sweat from her tummy to the animal.
He slid behind her. “What’s interesting?”
She moved to the dog, touching and rubbing the sweat from her stomach. “When I heard about the white mist which I didn’t see but I did feel it inside the jail cell. And it didn’t harm the sheriff.”
Ralph nodded with a sour frown. “There. Ya proved it, Pumpkin. The mist is after only paranormals and not humans.”
Prudence scooted to the bullfrog, wiping her stomach with a gasp. Her stomach was dry from moisture. She lifted her right armpit, pressing her fingers into the wetness with a giggle and a grin, gently wiping the sweat over the bullfrog. “I agree. Will you take me back to the Furnace after tonight?”
He slid behind her. “We’ll finish too close to midnight. And ya know what happens?”
Prudence scooted to the snakes, wiping her stomach with a frown. Her stomach is dry. She reached down and wiped the sweat from her back spine. “O yeah.”
“But I came take ya to the Furnace tomorrow night. How’s that?”
“Yeah. I like. And I find it interesting that the mist is attacking both mated and the non-mated paranormals.” She moved to the deer, wiping and pressing her right armpit sweat to the animal. “Usually, an evil person or thing or entity will go after one type of species…”
“Paranormals are a species.”
Prudence scooted to the snake, wiping her right armpit with a giggle from the tickling sensation, feeling it dry and shifted her hand to her left armpit, feeling moisture, wiping it on the animal. “I mean that within a species. An evil entity will usually target like only men or only women or only children.”
He slid to the next animal behind Prudence. “For centuries, an evil entity will target whomever the thing chooses.”
She stopped and wiped her left armpit with her sweat, pressing her hands over the deer. Yeah right.” She scooted to the bullfrog, wiping and pressing the sweat from her left armpit over the animal. “What is the mist?” She moved to another bullfrog, wiping and pressing the sweat from her left armpit over the animals. “Actually, I can answer that one. It was a spray of very fine water vapors without a smell or a solid substance but only gas-like. So we both know now. But do you know when it started right?” Prudence slid to the deer, swishing her left armpit of the sweat, pressing her hand over the large animals.
He nodded with a sour frown. “Hmm. Around winter solace. Yes. I remembered very well. The first paranormal disappeared around winter solace as her fellow paranormal eye witnessed the mist that surrounded her. She turned from a human state into a dog state, falling frozen over the ground. Then her friends leave her in a dog state. A few minutes later, a couple of humans found her. Then they toted her from the forest to somewhere. But the somewhere is here for some reason.”
Prudence smiled with a nod, wiping her armpit sweat on the bullfrog, moving down the row to a cat, a dog, and a deer. “I came here around winter solace or a little before. And I do understand why all the frozen animals are here. They are some type of evil experiments from some type of evil madman human scientists. These humans were a scouting team, looking for a stray animal for the madman scientists. They can’t go to pet store to buy a cat or a dog for research. It is illegal and the madman scientist would be jailed for life. So the scouting team thought it was an injured stray and toted it back here for some more evil. But we are here first. Are any paranormals missing here inside the warehouse?”
Ralph turned and quickly scanned each frozen animal. “Naw. I don’t see an empty space between the rows. And I do not feel an emotion of sorrow or death only sadness of being frozen without help. And we need to work faster. It’s close to eleven pm. We still have over three hundred and seventy more animals left.”
Prudence wiped her left armpit, feeling dry and touched her right armpit without moisture too, swishing her body parts for any moisture without success. She turned with a gasp, holding up her hands with a worried brow. “I’m dry.”
“I do not know what that means.” He laughed with a smile.
She flung her hands, slapping her arms. “My arms are dry. I don’t possess anymore sweat.” She slapped her cheekbones. “My forehead is dry. My cheekbones are dry too. My neck and my arms and my tummy are all dry. I’m not sweating anymore. I’m so sorry. I used my entire four fingers to spread the sweat. I should’ve used my single finger. Then I could have used more of my sweat. What now? The warehouse is cool and dry in here. I…I’m not sweating anymore. Actually, I’m sorta cool, not hot. What am I going to do for sweat? I could run around the building for a couple of laps and work up some hot sweat over my body. I guess. But that’s going to take time.”
Ralph gasped with shock. “We don’t have time for you to perform that exercise.”
She slapped his chest with a sour frown. “I say that. We don’t have time.” She slapped his chest with both her hands with a gasp. “You…you are sweaty. Your body’s sweating.”
He wiped his face with a frown. “Yeah. I find it hot in here.”
She side stepped from Ralph with a smile and a nod. “You… you can provide the sweat for me. I can wipe it off your face and then place it on the animal. Wait. You’re the one sweating. You can touch and press your sweat over the frozen animal. Yeah. Another great idea from the human, me…,” giggling.
Ralph shook his curls with a worried frown, leaning over the dog. “Naw. I can’t. Watch this.” He reached for the skull of the fur when a colored aura appeared and shield the animal from his finger. “I am paranormal too. I can’t touch or affect my family member or any other paranormal.”
Prudence frowned. “O. Bad on me. You can’t help. Okay. Think of something fast, faster, fastest. Wait. I just did.” She laughed and lifted his shirt, slapping her hand over his sweat with a giggle, turning and reaching her finger to the dog as a colorful aura appeared again over the dog. “Poo. It’s smart. It recognizes your sweat. So we can only use my human sweat.”
He chuckled with a wicked grin, twirling her around, ripping the back of her shirt, exposing her bikini top with a grunt of wickedness.
Prudence gasped in shock, feeling the cool breeze on her exposed back. “What are doing, dog? Oscar warned me about you. If you do not remove your hands from there…”
He wrapped both his arms around her semi-naked upper body with a grunt and a grin, slowly rubbing his chest into the arch of her back as his twin biceps rubbed each one of her breasts with a huge hug of passion.
Prudence gasped in shock, getting hot and heated from his rubbing and bouncing over her sensitive body parts, panting for more cool air molecules on her heated tongue and hot face.
And then both her hands burst into an array of invisible flames of heat, exploding her sweat glands. The tips of her fingers dripped down to the dirt in continuous solid water droplets.
She panted from the heat and his sexy rub with a whisper into his eardrum. “I’m hot.”
He panted from the heat with a whisper and a grin, still rubbing over her body parts with his chest, his knees, and his arms. “I’m hotter.”
She panted from the heat and the delight with a whisper into his eardrum. “My hands. My fingers are drowning in water.”
He whispered in sweat and delight with a grunt. “You’re sweating out human water. Okay. We work together to finish unfreezing my friends and my family members. Now open your eyelashes. Ya gotta see the animal.” He grunted, rubbing up and down her back. “Use one finger tip and quickly touch the frozen paranormal. I will be your caboose and tarry you to each animal,” laughing.
She swallowed her watery mouth from the sweat, whispering into his eardrum with a frown. “Wait. Your seat doesn’t work on the frozen animal.”
He grunted with delight, slowly rubbing up and down her naked back spine. “You sweat does. I ain’t touching the animal. I am touching you. You are producing the sweat…”
She panted from his heat and her delight of his body rubbing. “Gallons of human sweat.”
He whispered with a grin and a grunt of passion. “No more talk only action. Touch the frozen animal to finish before midnight.”
At 11:51 p.m., Ralph held her in front of the last frozen animal of a cat over the rough wooden shelf with his sweaty arms, his hands, and his body from rubbing her into heat.
She gently touched the animal with her tip with a smile and a whisper of exhaustion and happiness. “We did it.”
Ralph fell backward on his back spine with her in his chest, feeling exhaustion and heated with a smile and a whisper “We did it. Time to go. It’s almost midnight…” He up righted and stood them over the dirt with his werewolf magic and a grunt.
Prudence turned around with a disappointed face. “Or ya turn into a pumpkin, right?” She giggled.
He whispered with a smile. “Now for your reward, Pumpkin.” She bounced with joy with a soft clap of happiness as he lifted and held a flower petal in orange again with a smile and a nod.
Prudence cut her eyelashes to the tiny flower and him with a sad pout. “A flower? I only get a flower. I thought I would get…”
He kissed her.
She felt his warm flesh and then the cold breeze over her sweaty face. When she opened her eyelashes, she turned to see the running hind legs of a white dog with a sour frown. “But he isn’t affected. Why does he keep running away from me?” Prudence moved forward to the open door, sliding into the night, running back to her private cabin with a giggle and a gin for helping the frozen animals.
Saturday, May 16th


06:09 am
hot and sunny
cabin location


17 years. 27 days. 09 hours. 39 minutes. 56 seconds. 48 milliseconds

The door opened.
Prudence rested on top of rough log floor in deep slumber, instead laying on top of the set of dirty bed linens with all of the white dog hair, sleeping away the call for breakfast.
The head mistress of the Greystone Juvenile Work Facility, Mehire slowly moved through the room, stopping and kicking the sneaker on Prudence. “Get up, new teen! Time to work! Time not to eat! You missed your breakfast meal! Up! Up now!”
Prudence stirred and rolled over the floor with a gasp, seeing the bright sunlight through the wall of open windows inside her small cabin, turning around on her back spine with a gasp. She stood, raising both her arms with a worried brow. “Miss Mehire, I can explain everything. I think. Do you see the dog?”
“No, I did not see a dog. And you are not supposed to have a dog, Prudence Killer.” Mehire turned with a sneer to see the empty bed. She was part of the nasty joke on each new teen, including smart and prissy Prudence Keller. And she knew that her real name was Prudence Keller, but Mehire liked to intimidate the smart teens for fun.
Prudence frowned with a sour frown. “My name is Keller.”
Mehire jabbed a finger at the bed mattress with a sneer and a sour frown. “O! You killed that dog. So, the dog is missed and buried somewhere in the deep forest. So, that makes you a true killer, an outlaw, a runaway and here with me at the teen work camp.”
She exhaled with a puff of frustration. “I…”
Mehire reached and slapped Prudence on the collar bone with a smile and a nod. “Good job, Killer! I would’ve done the same thing too. Get rid of the dead animal before it stunk up the nice cabin. Did me a favor. And ya cleaned up the entire mess of trash too. You’re doing a good job, so far. But ya don’t never sleep late again or else. Now get in line for breakfast before work.” She turned with a smile to the door. “Everyone, get away from the door. The dog’s gone and buried now. Get in line or no breakfast.”
The other teens turned and ran, forming a semi-loose line as the other guards passed out a bag of food.
“Yes ma’am.” Prudence exhaled with a puff of confusion, running through the cabin and into the forest and stood in line. She accepted the bag, opening and eating all the food with bad southern bell manners without a napkin and a set of utensils. She swallowed the food, lifting the bag, stuffing the paper sack as the first trash item of a long hot sweaty day and afternoon.
Mehire pointed to the highway and the building with a smile and a nod. “Okay. Everyone did a good job yesterday. Today, we work around the guard house and roadside with the messy trash from the passing cars. Get moving.”
One of the teens spun around with a sour frown, scratching his hairline. “But we cleaned the roadway and the surrounding buildings yesterdays.”
“Yeah. Ya did. And the passing cars and trucks with silly kids and stupid folks from last night have dumped more trash over the grass again.” Mehire sneered. “Here to yonder over there. Pick up every single non-grass and non-flower and non-weed item. Go.” She turned and moved back to the main house.
Prudence squatted and lifted up the sticker picker, turning and moving to the roadway as the other teens scattered into different directions with different sounds of snarls and sneers at Mehire. She smacked her lips, tasting bacon breath, digging into her pocket. “I might have one more piece of peppermint from the motel room in Athens.” She pulled out an object with a giggle. “No peppermint, a petal. How did you get in there? Orange for me.” She gasped with remembrance, turning to see the woodlands. “Ralph the werewolf. Burrack the bullfrog. Lemure the vampire. Yeah, new nice friends besides the old nasty teens from here.”
Prudence stood with a smile and a nod, brushing her teeth with her tongue to kill the bacon breath, picking up the first piece of trash with the sharp tip of sticker picker with a whisper. “It was real. Ralph wasn’t inside my cabin. So he is real. And I really…” She gasped. “I promised to help the rest of the paranormal which are trapped in an animal state too. Where are they?” She carefully scooted around the trees, spying on each building for the secret place of the paranormal frozen animals.
The campus held a big house, a guard house, and a continuous white concrete gate from an escaping teen. There were a set of numerous small and large buildings all painted in dull white from the nasty weather elements.
At 07:36 pm in a pink and green tinted sunset, at the teen camp site, a red-headed petite girl moved and stood next to Prudence with a giggle and a wicked grin. “How was your first camp night, Prune?”
Prudence continued to clean her area of the woodlands with a smile and her secret night. “Fine! My first camp night was fine.”
The girl turned and scanned the trees. “Who are you talking too?”
Prudence pointed the sticker picker at the new piece of trash with a sour frown and a sneer. “The dead trash in the grass. Humans are some nasty creatures. Look at this mess. There’s empty soda cans, beer cans, broken beer bottles, paper plates, paper cups, paper napkins, empty food tin cans, candy wrappings, snack food wrapping. Humans are some kind of nasty race.”
The girl sneered at the nose profile of Prudence. “I’m a human. You are a human too. I don’t believe that there’re any more types of talking humans on the planet but us…”
Prudence exhaled with a puff of annoyance at the girl and her duty of trash collector. “I know that. Of course, I am a human. I mean the human race is a nasty vile monster, making a mess of the pretty grass and trees that we all live on.
“That’s so nice. I’m so glad that you agree,” she snapped her fingers.
A line of teens appeared with a chuckle and a smile, lifting and dumping a cloth bag of trash over the nice clean grass area from the roadway to the boot toes of Prudence.
Prudence gasped with a sneer, turning with a sour frown, standing over the hair roots of the short girl. “B…”
“Back in line now all teens. No more sneering or snarling at each other like felines. Well the grounds look nice and neat, except for one teen. Everyone, go and get your hot supper at the house. The air conditioning is on. Enjoy your meal.” Mehire moved and stood even with Prudence. “Well you blow…”
Prudence gasped with a sour frown. “I beg your pardon…”
Mehire sounded with an evil laugh and wicked grin. “You missed your chance for a hot meal tonight at the house. And each teen gets to spend the night there too. Since each teen did a fine job, but you, new teen. I was so shore that you were different from the other ones…”
She gasped with shock. “What other ones?”
Mehire moved to stand nose to nose with Prudence with a bad breathe and a sneer. “The other ones went go directly to jail as they couldn’t obey my rules.”
She back stepped from her bad breathe and inhaled a fresh air, shaking her curls. “You need to hear my explanation…”
Mehire back stepped and touched her eye socket. “I can see. I can’t see with my ears. I hear with my ears. I hear sissy whines of a loser.”
Prudence frowned in silence, understanding the threat. If she left the work teen camp, then she couldn’t see Ralph again.
Mehire back stepped with a sneer, turning with a sour frown, moving back to the main house for her hot plate of supper. “Clean it up. And no supper.”
Prudence wanted to yell and jump up and down instead she exhaled with a puff of annoyance, turning and picking up the first piece of trash with her sticker picker.
Ralph performed an m-dash and appeared beside the nose profile of Prudence with a sad face. “It didn’t work.”
“It worked.” Prudence picked up the trash with a smile.
He shook his curls with a worried brow. “Naw. It didn’t. The animals are still animals. You need to come back to the Furnace. We have to figure out why and what didn’t happen.”
“I will. I can’t,” she spread her arm with a sour frown. “Look at this mess. That evil little teen girl…”
The winds shifted. The trash disappeared from the grass.
At 07:36 pm, during the sunset of indigos, oranges, and greens, unwilling prisoner Prudence felt a sudden volume of extra weight inside her trash bag, dropping it down to the ground with a gasp. “The trash. The bag. The…”
Ralph smiled beside Prudence. “All gone and all done! Come and grab my hand. We do an m-dash back to the fun Furnace facility now. They want to know what ya did or didn’t do.” He led to the forest, dashing swiftly around the trees, the low shrubs, and the wildflowers and stopped.
At 07:37 pm, in front the Furnace location, Prudence looked up at the tall steel building as both white smoke and red fire vented from the front and the side like a chimney. She could see the individual colored rays from the seashell garden too with a smile. 
Ralph moved with her through the archway as their shoes turned into a pair of naked feet. Ralph ran to the invisible elevator with stopping to say hi to the other ogres, standing and cuddling Prudence against the wall.
The winds shifted as they lifted up inside the invisible elevator through each level.
At each level, their clothing changed for each theme dance.
Prudence giggled, feeling the tickling sensation as each piece of clothing touched her body and then disappeared faster than an eyelash blink.
On the seventh floor level, Ralph and Prudence stood inside the invisible elevator on the seventh level as they were greeted with high plumes of red and blue streams of fire and heat.
Prudence touched her face of sweat from her nerves and not heat, seeing a calm meeting of the paranormals.
The room was a cool comfortable temperature even with the firing vents of flames.
Prudence slowly moved with him to the center of the room, where the same leader couples were sitting on top of their individual assigned furniture pieces like last night and sounding with a series of sneers, snarls, growls, and snorts.
They could smell the human girl inside the meeting room of the Furnace again.
Ralph moved around the two ogres on top of their twin pillows over the floor and stopped. A loveseat of black and white stripped pattern appeared from the metal. He turned with Prudence, sitting with a worried brow.
Piccoloette danced on top of her tall stool, pointing her golden stick arm at Prudence with a tiny lady sneer. “She lied.”
Burrack nodded with a sneer. “She dies.”
“She did it.” Stu frowned with a snarl.
“She didn’t do it.” Don frowned with a sad face and a whisper.
Prudence gasped with a puff of fear, fright and confusion.
Ralph turned with a smile to each paranormal. “You are all incorrect. She placed her sweat over each animal. I was there too.”
“Why you were there, Ralph?” Leprechaun Piccoloette turned and sneered at the werewolf.
Ralph growled. “I was there to ensure that the human girl did her job to save our precious frozen paranormal animal bodies.”
“Enough.” Vampire Lemure said with a nod and a stern face to each paranormal. “Please remain civil and civilized as the true paranormal that we are born to be. Pumpkin did as we asked. She placed her personal sweat over each frozen animal. However it was not effective. Thus, it is not the solution that we seek. Therefore, it is logical to conclude that her sweat did not unfreeze Ralph. We must investigate further. Pumpkin, please describe your encounter with Ralph.”
Ralph stood with a sour frown and a huff. “I did tell. I can tell it again…”
“Yes, Ralph.” Lemure nodded with a smile. “You did. But we need a fresh perspective to solve the delicate paranormal issue. Please precede, Pumpkin.”
Prudence exhaled a puff of nervousness. “Okay. Let me think. Our first encounter was when I walking on the interstate and fall into the ditch…”
“See, she is a stupid human. We should find another brave and smarter human that can walk upright at least.” Piccoloette frowned.
Prudence exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “I was resting in the ditch for fun. Ralph leaped from the top of the road and landed on my chest. It hurt but I was fine.”
Troll Rana frowned to Prudence. “Did you touch him? We’re your hands sweaty and wet?”
“My hands were dirty, sweaty, and wet. I used them to grab his body. Then I tossed him from my chest and stood without harm. Then we entered the police van and traveled to the jail house.”
“And why were you jailed at the police station, Pumpkin?” Piccoloette sneered.
Lemure exhaled with a huff of annoyance. “That is irrelevant here to the other frozen paranormals, Piccoloette. Prudence did not know of the mist or the other frozen paranormals before she met Ralph. Please precede, Pumpkin.”
“It is dirt.” Elf Donna said with a soft voice and a smile. “Her hands were sweaty and dirty. That is the second key to solving the puzzle and returning my mother back to me.”
Witch Abby shook her hat. “We are creatures of soil or air or water or fire. The dirt would not change Ralph. He uses the dirt to change things for himself at will. There is a second factor here. I believe Lemure. Please continued, Pumpkin.”
Prudence nodded. “Yeah. My hands were sweaty with moisture. It was a hot day outside. Okay. Inside the jail, we both feel the mist cover our bodies. Then Ralph jumped on top of me again. I touched his body, tossing him down to the floor. And to clarify, there was not a speck of dust or dirt inside the sheriff’s office.”
Piccoloette pointed her golden stick arm at Prudence with a sneer again. “See. See there. Hear. Hear there. She touched him with the mist. She and the mist are working together, doing this to us. How long have you lived in Greystone, human girl?”
Prudence shook her curls and her hands with the annoyance from the tiny leprechaun. “No. I’m from Huntsville, not Greystone. I visited here one time in my life when I was traveling from…from…another city…”
“Enough.” Lemure exhaled. “Please listen, Piccoloette. Please continue, Pumpkin.”
Prudence nodded. “Okay. I saw Ralph at the…on the tray. He was frozen. I didn’t touch him on the tray. Then we entered a van, sitting in the rear. When I entered the rear area of the van, Ralph was sitting on one of the long benches. He was still frozen. I kneeled and patted his hair. Then the van moved and dropped both of us at the teen work camp in Greystone.”
Troll Rana nodded with a burp, sitting in her lounge chair. “Was your hands wet or sweaty?”
Prudence nodded. “Yeah. I was nervous. It was hot. My hands were sweaty with moisture when I touched Ralph.”
“See.” Rana pointed with a nod and burp to Prudence. “I’m right. Her sweat is the key that had awoken Ralph from being frozen. And her sweat can awoken my baby troll who is frozen too inside the warehouse at the teen work camp. Send her back now to unawake my baby too.”
Prudence gasped with shock, feeling sad for Troll Rana and her husband Burrack.
Ralph cuddled and firmly squeezed the hand of Prudence with patience and understanding too.
Ogre Betty turned and frowned to troll Rana. “We all have relatives that are frozen inside the camp site warehouse. We need a solution, not a sermon, troll-girl.”
Troll Burrack reached over and patted his wife on the forehead with a nod and a burp of sadness too.
Lemure nodded with a smile. “Yes. The sweat is a still a key factor here. But there seems to be another factor that we must have overlooked yesterday late evening. Since Pumpkin touched every…”
“She missed one.” Piccoloette danced over the top of her tall stool with a tiny lady sneer, pointing her naked golden fingers at Prudence. “That’s the only explanation. She missed a frozen animal to be mean and nasty.”
Ralph turned and frowned at Piccoloette. “Naw. I was there. I smelled and sniffed her sweat over each frozen animal. She did not miss one. Her spell was executed but not executed, if that means something.”
“Not to me.” Ogre Oscar scratched his hairy skull with a confused brow.
“Please continue, Pumpkin.” Lemure turned and smiled at Prudence.
Prudence exhaled with a puff of worry. “Okay. We landed there at the teen work camp. I worked my duty, cleaning up the trash…”
Donna said with a nod and a sour frown. “From the disgusting humans, I bet. They are vile creatures. Steal all the natural resources. Pollute the land and the water. I can’t believe that we paranormals still exist at all. The humans will not. I promise all of you that. They will be the first species eliminated from the planet.”
Betty nodded with a smile and a giggle. “Last end. First out. That’s an ancient old axiom. The humans were the last species created after us and all the animals. What does that take ya about their kind?” 
Enough.” Lemure exhaled with a huff of frustration. “Please continue, Pumpkin.”
“Okay.” Prudence exhaled with a puff of worry. “I finished my teen duty and entered my cabin. Ralph was there before me. One of the teens said that he had been brought from the warehouse, where the other frozen animals were staying. I kneeled down at the bed side and touched him with my sweaty hands…”
“See.” Troll Rana pointed with a nod and burp to Prudence. “Sweat is the key here.”
Elf Don said with a puzzled brow. “To summary for my neurons, you touched Ralph when he became frozen inside the sheriff’s office with your sweaty hands. And you touched him inside the van with your pair of sweaty hands.  And you touched him inside the teen cabin with her your pair of sweaty hands. I do believe Rana. The sweat is a very key factor here.”
Vampire Listress turned and smiled at Prudence. “I am acknowledgeable of the human world too. I do not see any other factor that could be coupled with the sweaty hands. A sheriff’s office, a work van, and a cabin do not share any common characteristics.”
Werewolf Sally stood with a puff of annoyance, raising her arms with a nod, stomping her boot heels. “I see the only possible and conceivable solution here.”
Betty turned and frowned at Sally. “And what is the possible and conceivable solution here?”
Sally lifted and wiggled her fingers. “I must touch the human to find and see the solution. Do you mind, human girl?”
Prudence gasped with shock of the suggestion and smiled with a nod. “I want to help here too. I tried to do that but I failed somehow. So if any of your special paranormal powers can help, then do it.”
Sally moved and stood in front of Prudence, touching the human skull, closing her eyelashes and wiggled side to side.
Stoo laughed. “We don’t need your seductive twist, sugar.”
Sally stopped wiggling, concentrating on her probe of Prudence. “I can see that Ralph jumped on top of her at the office and then she touched him with her sweaty fingers pads. Pumpkin touched Ralph inside the van with her sweaty finger pads. And finally, Pumpkin found Ralph in his dog state inside her cabin on top of the bed mattress.”
Listress said with a nod and a smile. “Each time Ralph was frozen. Each time Pumpkin had sweaty finger pads. Is that correct, Pumpkin?”
Prudence nodded. “Yes.”
Silence.
“Well Sally, what is the only possible and conceivable solution here?” Troll Burrack burped with a sour frown.
Sally turned and smiled to Ralph. “Ralph was working with the sheriff inside his office. Ralph was with Pumpkin inside a van. And Ralph was with Pumpkin inside a cabin. Does everyone understand now?”
Ogre Oscar frowned and scratched his hairline again. “We figured out that it was Pumpkin that unfroze Ralph. So what else is there to figure out?”
Betty reached and slammed her fist into his chest. “Listen. Don’t think.”
“Okay.” Oscar nodded with a smile.
Sally smiled with a nod. “It is so very clear to me. Well it is so very dark to me.” She laughed. “I will explain. A sheriff’s office does not have a window of sunlight. A work van does not have a window of sunlight either. And a cabin does not have a set of windows of sunlight or moonlight. There wasn’t sunlight or moonlight when Pumpkin touched frozen Ralph with her sweaty hands. So that’s the second factor that we missed and we are hunting for.” She back stepped and nodded to Prudence.
Prudence nodded back. The other paranormals sounded with a series of soft claps and bright smiles.
Sally turned and moved to the throne chair next to her husband Stoo.
Ralph gasped with a nod and a smile. “Sally’s correct. The warehouse has a glass rooftop for some reason. And the daily sunlight and nightly moonlight shines over every single frozen animal. So we shoot out the moon.” He laughed. “Just kidding. We cover the glass rooftop to prevent the moonlight from touching each frozen animal. Then Pumpkin can touch each animal with her sweat again.”
“That’s impossible.” Leprechaun Piccoloette frowned.
Elf Don smiled with a nod. “Nothing is impossible for a paranormal.”
“Excellent new plan, Sally.” Lemure turned and nodded to each paranormal. “We will send Pumpkin back into the warehouse to pour her human sweat over each frozen paranormal with the moonlight hidden.” He stood and turned with a nod and a smile to Ralph and Prudence as the long sofa disappeared. The vampire couple in their formal clothes moved and stood inside one of the invisible elevators, disappearing down their level as the vents exploded into flames of blue and red fire.
The other couples stood with a nod and a smile to Prudence and Ralph as each piece of furniture disappears. Each couple turned and moved to the wall inside an invisible elevator, vanishing from the meeting room.
The vents roared in blue and yellow flames.
Prudence stood with a smile and a nod. “I feel relief that I’m not dead.”
He cuddled her, moving to the wall. “Paranormals cannot harm a human. It is the first rule always.” Ralph whispered with a stern face.
Piccoloette danced on top of her tall stool, jabbing her golden stick arm at the butthole of prudence with a tiny lady sneer. “She will fail. You will fail again, human girl. Then we should see if you live through the night again.”
Ralph rolled his eyeballs with the sour comment from the leprechaun. “She will success, Piccoloette. All the other leaders have worked together and figured out the solution. We use human sweat and block the natural moonlight which is not an earth element either.”
Prudence gasped. “That’s right. The moon and sun are not directly part of the planet.”
Piccoloette danced around the top of her tall stool as her boyfriend jinn stood behind with his arms crossed and an unemotional expression. She sneered. “The moon and the sun and the ocean and the humans use and abuse the planet….”
Prudence and Ralph turned and stood inside the invisible elevator together, watching Piccoloette dance over her stool again. Prudence frowned. “She’s weird.”
Ralph laughed. “She came like that.”
They disappeared down the invisible elevator with a smile and a chuckle as their clothing changed with each different theme show, stopping on the ground floor. 
They wore the ogre clothing of a pair of naked feet and a loin cloth for Ralph and a white sleeves dress for Prudence.
Ralph held her hand, dashing with m-speed across the floor, through the archway, and outside into the woodlands underneath the bright moonlight of nighttime. And then the entire ogre clothing morphed into their regular clothes.
Ralph performed a m-dash around the trees, the low plants, and the wildflowers without disturbing the woods and stopped at the cabin, holding her hand with a smile.
At 11:57 p.m., they approached the tiny human-made wooden log cabin, Ralph cuddled Prudence in front of the closed door with a smile.
She touched his chest, lifting her palm with a sour frown. “Okay. Give it to me.”
"You’re slick, Pumpkin.” He lifted and held a new orange colored flower petal, leaning down to kiss her lips.
She closed her eyelashes, feeling his warm flesh and the cool breeze, opening her eyelashes to see the hind legs of white dog with a giggle and turned to the archway.
The door opened. Prudence entered with a smile and a giggle, moving and resting on the floor again for her slumber.
The door closed.
Sunday, May 17th


5:50 am
hot and humid
cabin location

17 years. 28 days. 06 hours. 18 minutes. 09 seconds. 52 milliseconds


The wind swirled around the corners of the windows, entering through the tiny cracks, drifting and tickling one of her naked feet. 
Prudence stirred and shifted side to side on top of the floor inside her cabin, rolling awake, sitting upright on her butthole with a yawn. “Morning time. Where’s the monster?” She stood, stretching and yawning to the bathroom, using the toilet and brushing her teeth and her hair. She continued to wear her ratty and torn cut off blue jeans shorts and her dirty T-shirt underneath the bikini top, leaning over to smell one of her armpits with a smile. “Nice fragrance of flora. I must’ve bathed last night. I wished the clothing fairy would drop off a new pair of shorts and a new clean and launched shirt, thou,” giggling
She turned and left the bathroom, moving to the closed archway.
The door opened.
Prudence slowly walked outside without seeing Mehire or the other teens, moving to the camp site without seeing Mehire and the other teens again and gasped in shock “O no. I missed the call for breakfast. O no. I’m really hungry too” She looked up with a sour frown to see the sky. “Still early morning. Get to work. Work. Work for lunchtime.” She squatted and lifted the cloth bag and the sticker picker, turning and moving into the forest to the first piece trash. “Geez. Humans are nasty and vile and disgusting and mean and rude and unkind…”
Prudence moved around the manicured green grass and the low green shrubs and wildflowers for hours, picking up all the used soda cans, beer cans, half eaten snack food items, paper cups, plastic cups and other trash items and stopped, wiping off the sweat from her face and neck.
At 05:15 pm, before the evening sunset inside the teen camp site woodlands, a loud voice yelled in the distance. “There, she is!”
Prudence turned with a sneer to the family female soprano to see the red-haired girl. The red-haired girl ran with a smile and a giggle, stopping and jabbing a finger into the nose bridge of Prudence “There, she is right here!”
Mehire moved in front of the other teens with a sneer and a sour frown of trouble for the new teen. “Where have you been?”
Prudence pointed to the nice and clean manicured grass and low shrubs with a sweaty face and a silly smile “Working! Do you see here? I finished it all in one day.” She turned to sneer over the hair roots of the red-haired annoyant female and then faced the forest of trees with a giggle and a grin without foxing the gang of mean teens, today.
Mehire moved and passed Prudence with a laugh and a grin, disappearing around the grove of tall trees. “Then what is all this mess over here?”
Prudence moved with a confused brow and stopped with a gasp next to Mehire.
Mehire outstretched her arm with a laugh and a snort. “Behind those tall trees is another stretch of land where more cars and trucks have used the field as a dumping station. You missed it, new teen. But, that’s okay. You can finish cleaning up the area beginning, now, until your evening bedtime,” she turned and handed Prudence two sacks. “Your breakfast, snack, lunch, snack, and dinner, enjoy, new teen. Maybe one day, you will learn to obey my rules and receive my rewards.” She moved forward with a laugh and a grin back to the main house, shouting her order. “The rest of the teens go and get back to the house for a hot meal and a swim in the cool refreshing swimming pool for the rest of the evening now.”
The other teens turned with a series of cheers and claps, dashing behind and around Mehire.
Prudence frowned and dropped the sticker picker and the bag down to the ground, accepting the two sacks, sitting in front of the mess of trash for her late afternoon assignment with a puff of annoyance. She opened both the sacks, eating all the food and burped twice with a giggle. “I sound like a bullfrog. Ribbit. Ribbit. And I like bullfrogs too.” She smiled with amusement, standing upright, brushing the dirt and leaves from her clothing as a couple of leave fell into her pocket. “Rats. I hope that dang leave doesn’t contain any buggies. I hate bugs.” Prudence dug down into the pocket, scratching out the soft objects. “Awe. A orange flower petal. Where did you come from, Little Flower?” She stopped, touching her temple with a sneer. “I hate that little leprechaun named Piccoloette. Rana the troll. Don the elf. I must save and release all the frozen animals. Yeah.” She turned with a sneer to see the woodlands without Mehire and the teens, tossing the bag of trash and the sticker picker down to the ground, moving to her woodland cabin for resting, eating, and thinking how to cover the moonlight over the glass of the warehouse.
At 08:10 pm with clear sky in bright moonlight rays, at the cabin location with Prudence.
The door opened.
She stopped and scanned the darkness without seeing any wandering teens again. The guards were asleep or eating inside the main house again. She bolted out the cabin, running straight to the side of the warehouse which faced the direction of east.
Prudence stopped and kneeled down over the cool grass, turning to see the dark forestland, looking for Ralph.
A set of running white paws jumped and leaped on her chest from the darkness as she gasped and giggled, falling over the dirt on her back spine. “Ralph. Turn…”
“Turn me on. Yeah, babe.” The dog talked with a silly grin, waggling its tails, back stepping off her chest into the dirt, flipping over on its back, rolling in the dirt.
The dog turned into Ralph. He looked up with a grin on his back spine at Prudence.
She laughed with amusement. He rolled over, padding on his hands and his boot toes to her, standing upright, kissing her lips and pulled back with a grin. “Okay. What’s the plan?”
Prudence smiled with a nod. “I have an idea, but I need some help.”
Ralph frowned. “I’m the help here. What’s your idea? What ya going to do now?”
Prudence smiled with a nod. “We can cover the entire glass roof with dirt.”
He shook his skull with a sour frown. “Naw. Dirt is very heavy when not on the ground. It will fall and destroy the rooftop, caving in the delicate glass and killing some to the animals. They are totally helpless in their frozen state.”
She nodded to him. “Right. Good point. Okay.” Prudence turned, moving from the warehouse through the forest for some ideas. “We need to cover the rooftop with something light weight. Tree leaves? Too light. Tree bark? Too long. Sawdust. No available.” She stopped and snapped her fingers with a smile and a nod, seeing the object. “Go in there.”
Ralph stopped behind her with a worried brow. “Into the wind the guards and the guns, why?” 
She moved to stand in front of the doggie door beside the garage with a smile. “Do it, Ralph. I’m the boss lady tonight.”
At 08:24 pm, inside the house location with Mehire during the hot and humid night, paranormal wolf boy Ralph dropped down to the dirt, flipping over on his back spine with a smile and a wink to Prudence, rolling side to side and morphed into a white dog on his back spine. He winked at her again as she chuckled. The dog stood, shaking off the extra dirt, running straight into and through the doggie door in the garage.
Prudence turned and gasped with shock, gently dropping down over the hard pavement in a straight line, walking her finger pads through the doggie door too.
A pair of strong hands pulled her skinny body frame through the doggie door, standing upright, cuddling into his warm cheekbone. He kissed her cheekbone, pulling back with a smile and a wink. “Gotcha. You’re mine now.”
“Shush.” She gasped with shock. “They will see us. I am not magic. I am a human.”
“They can’t see or hear us. I have you under my…bubble shield. Thought I would say something else. We are protected by my werewolf magic. Now what is your brilliant plan?” 
Sh whispered. “We steal enough bed linens to cover the entire glass rooftop and block out all the moon rays.”
He chuckled with a nod. “You’re a slick genius human, Pumpkin.”
She rolled her eyeballs with a sour frown. “Ya know my name is Prudence?”
He turned and moved into the kitchen with a chuckle. “Right, Pumpkin.”
They moved out the kitchen and stopped inside the living room. 
She gasped. “Why are they here? Why am I not here inside the air conditioned house with a belly full of good food?” She frowned. “Why am I the last to know?”
“Do you want the bed lines?”
“Not with them mean teenagers inside it.”
He growled. “I don’t take or steal or transport teenagers. They’re too vile and mean.” He flung and wiggled his ten fingers as the bed linen shivered and shifted side to side out from underneath the butthole and back spine of the sleeping teen.
She gasped with a smile. “How? Magic again.”
The bed linen flew into his arms. He chuckled, slapping the bed linen between his hands. And then the bed linen disappeared.
Prudence gasped with a worried brow and a whisper. “Don’t destroy it. We need it for my plan to save the frozen animals.”
He chuckled. “I slapped it on top of the rooftop of the warehouse for the rescue plan. Let’s continue around the house to each room and collect more blankets and bed linens that warehouse is really big and wide.”
Prudence nodded with a giggle, watching Ralph.
He wiggled his fingers as the individual bed linen shifted out from each teen, guard, and Mehire and then it slapped his hands.
And then the bed linen disappeared from his palms.
They scooted around the two-story house like a pair of ghosts, collecting and vanishing each bed linen sheet, bed cover, bed blanket and all the body towels, hand towels, and cleaning rags to the top of the warehouse.
Ralph reached and pulled the palm of dirt from his pocket, dumping it over the floor, squatting on his kneecaps and turned into a dog, running out the doggie door into the night air.
Prudence slapped a hand over her giggles, dropping to the floor, walking her fingers through the doggie door too as a pair of strong hands gathered and pulled her skinny body through the door into his chest within an eyelid blink.
Prudence giggled with happiness. Now, what?”
“We fly.” He bend his kneecaps, swirling in a circle through the air with her, landing upright on the edge of the warehouse next to a large pile of bed linens and body towels. He pulled back with a chuckle.
She turned with a giggle to see the object. “Golly. How are we going to toss and cover the rooftop. It is huge.”
Ralph turned and wiggled all his fingers as the heap of bed linens and body towels flew as a pile with flight into the air, exploding into a colorful array of expanded parachutes of bed lines and body towels directly over the rooftop of the warehouse.
Prudence ran forward into the middle of the glass rooftop, raising her face and her arms over each falling bed linen with a giggle, completely covering her body, crawling out on her kneecaps. She stood and continued to ran and slide underneath a falling bed linen until they all had landed and rested on top of the rooftop. She turned and ran into his arms with giggle and a smile. “That was fun…”
Fun for you. Work for me. I had to control the flight of each one. Now, we need to leave…”
The wind swept through the sky and down over the rooftop, sending half of the loosely laid bed linen directly into the faces of Ralph and Prudence.
Prudence stretched out her arms with a gasp to catch some of the flying towels.
Ralph released her, wiggling all his fingers, stopping the flight of the object and repositioned them over the naked glass again with a huff of annoyance.
Prudence frowned. “This ain’t going to work.”
Ralph looked up with a smile to see the trees and shouted with his cupped hands. “Hey, Mother Nature. I need some help down here. Turn on the facet full blast please.”
The sky turned purple. The clouds turned black. The lightning zoomed in yellow over the pretty nasty dark sky. 
And then a heavy downpour of rain landed over the landscape and the burning house.
Prudence dropped her mouth, shading her eyelashes from the heavy rain drops. “How…how did you do that?”
“Mother Nature is the biggest paranormal lady of the land. Didn’t you know that, pumpkin? Man or woman, do not ever mess with her or all of her animals or all of her bugs or all of her butterflies! She rules over the landscape. And when she is mad, she uses all the elements to pizza off the humans creating a ton of nasty weather patterns. Forest fires. Earthquake. Tornados.  Hurricanes. Blizzards. Ice. Floods. This is her home first. But the race of human seem to have forgotten that science and social and natural fact. So, Mother Nature likes to remind them over and over and over again. Hold on!” He cuddled her underneath his werewolf magical umbrella from the rain, flying and landing on the edge of the rooftop. “Whew. We got some work to do tonight before midnight.”
Prudence giggled. “Uh! Use your magic!”
He shook his skull. “Naw! I don’t have magic over the wind. The god-kin control the winds. I use the dirt. The bullfrogs use the water. The ogres use the rocks. The elves use the grass. The witches use the leaves. And the vampire use…”
“No.” She gasped with shock, shaking her curls. “No. Naw. No way.”
“Yes way. Yes ma’am. Yes so…”
She frowned. “Then it is all true about a vampire and…”
“All true.” He squatted and touched the dirt as his hand turned into a furry paw with a single black colored claw that shined underneath the moonlight. He ran the tip of his claw into the latch.
The door opened.
Ralph stood and entered, turning around to see her with a smile. “Okay. We do a re-done. Turn around.” She turned around with a giggle, feeling his warm hands. He ripped her t-shirt, rubbing his chest into her semi-naked back spine with a chuckle. “We do a re-done really fast too. Are you sweating?”
She flung her hand with a set of wet fingers. “Yeah. I am really.”
“I am really, too. We start on the end and go around really fast. Then I give ya good night kiss and a flower petal for good luck.”
“I thought it was to remind me of you.”
“I was testing ya. Ya passed.” He turned them to the first frozen animal.
Prudence flung her wet fingers over the white fur.
Ralph shifted to the next frozen animal.
They worked together to free all of the frozen animals until the hour of midnight, before Prudence needed to go back to her cabin.
Monday May 18th


5:49 am
rain and humid weather pattern
cabin location


17 years. 29 days. 03 hours. 33 minutes. 05 seconds. 58 milliseconds


The heavy rain poured down from the black sky over the grass, the plants, the trees, and the rooftop of the single cabin in the woodlands. Each rain drop dripped from the cracked seam inside each window, falling and splashing over the floor.
Prudence slept on the floor in peace with her snoring and tons of blankets. The thunder boomed over the rooftop of her cabin. She slowly opened her eyelashes with a puff of sour breathe, seeing the rain and the dark storm clouds through the windows, slowly standing. She turned and moved to the closed door, dragging the bed linens over the floor and stopped.
The door opened.
The rain splashed her face and her boot toes.
She smiled with the happy thoughts. “No sticker picker…” Prudence scooted back from the archway.
The door closed.
Prudence turned and moved to the bathroom, stripping down and bathing with a song and a smile. She cleaned her mind and her body from dust and dirt, strutting into the room naked.
She bathed, stepping out of the shower over the flower petal of orange and gasped with a tiny tickle from the soft plant.
And then the flower petal dissolved into ashes, drifting around the room and to her face..
Prudence nodded with a smile and a whisper. “The frozen animals. I saved them all last night. Good job, Pumpkin.” She giggled, moving around the room, drying in her nakedness, resting on top of the pile of blankets for a short catnap of dreary day of rain storms
At 08:05 pm, during the cloudy night with dull moonlight rays in the massive rainstorm, the cabin swung open. The wind swirled numerous wet rain drops and wet loose tree leaves inside the cabin setting.
Prudence looked up with a gasp to see Ralph, running and standing in front of the open archway door. He wasn’t wet from the rain and didn’t bother say a word. She gasped with a nod and an understanding of another failure to revive the frozen animals, grabbing his warm hand without smiling.
Ralph turned from the cabin, performing an m-dash around the trees, plants, and flowers back to the Furnace with another meeting of the paranormal leaders. 
The door closed.
The Furnace location during the humid heated night, Prudence didn’t bother admiring the slick steel encase building of the fiery Furnace, seeing all the woodlands in a blur from the m-dash of Ralph, feeling sadness in her heart that each product of her body was not aiding the frozen animals among the paranormals.
Ralph and Prudence dashed through the archway as their shoes turned into a pair of naked feet for the third time with the ogre clothing style. Ralph ran to the invisible elevator, standing and cuddling Prudence.
The winds shifted as they lifted through the invisible elevator.
Again, at each level, their clothing changed for each theme dance.
Prudence giggled, feeling the tickling sensation as the clothing touched her body and then disappears faster than an eyelash blink.
On the seventh floor level, Ralph and Prudence stopped and stood against the wall.
The vents fired in plums of red, green, yellow, pink, and blue flared into tall plumes of beauty against the silver walls.
The scene was the same as the two previous times. Each paranormal couple was sitting on top of a piece of unique furniture that matched their clothing style and personality.
Ralph moved quickly from the wall to the center of the floor, holding her hand and stopped. A loveseat in the colors of peach and purple fruit pattern popped up from the metal.
They quietly stand.
Troll Burrack turned and pointed to Prudence with a sneer and a burp. “It failed again and again and again…”
Lemure turned and nodded to the troll. “And we will keep trying again and again and again.”
Stoo turned and frowned at Prudence. “Why does the human girl keep coming back here?”
Elf Donna wiped the snot from her nose from crying over her deer members, who were frozen animals too. “I agree. Why are we wasting our time here?”
Vampire Lemure turned and nodded to the deer. “We have only time to solve our delicate issue.”
Troll Rana wiped the snot from her face with unhappiness, missing her daughter and the other frozen bullfrogs inside the camp site warehouse, nodding with a sour frown. “I touched her human skull, seeing the sweat. However, the sweat didn’t work. The hidden moonlight didn’t work.”
Werewolf Sally wiped her red eyeballs from crying over her missing mother and the other frozen animals. “Ditto. I…I saw the darkness clearly inside the human skull of the girl. Why didn’t it work?”
Lemure turned and nodded to the werewolf. “It will work once we find the right solution.”
“What’s the right solution?” Buck deer Don turned and frowned to the vampire.
Lemure stood with a grin for the first time, extending his arms. “I have finally figured out the solution.” He turned with his arms outstretched and moved to Prudence.
Prudence gasped with shock, squeezing the hand of Ralph.
Ralph frowned with intrigue.
Lemure stopped in front of her with his arms outstretched, slowly dropping his hands over her skull, closing his eyelids. Within his paranormal mind, he can see each scene encounter of Prudence with Ralph, griping both his long curved shaped fingernails deeper into her scalp, drawing a sprinkle of her blood.
Prudence cringed from the scalp attach but didn’t move.
Lemure quickly removed his hands a nod and grin for the first time, back stepping and licking off his fingernails into the middle of the room.
The vents all flamed with an array of fire colors of green, red, yellow, blue, orange, purple, silver and gold.
Each paranormal gasped with shock, watching Lemure.
Lemure slowly turned to see each paranormal with a smile and a nod. “Each paranormal is composed of dirt, wind, water, or fire. Each human is composed of cold water, hot air, and other minerals. One of the most important minerals is always different from a paranormal….”
Prudence touched the small wounds on her hair roots and gasped with fear in a meek voice. “My blood?”
Each paranormal gasped with shock, looking at Prudence.
Prudence stood with a stern face and a furious tone, shaking her wet curls and her hands. “You demand my blood….”
“A typical paranormal delight…” Piccoloette laughed with a smile and danced on her golden stick leg on top of her tall stool as the jinn stood with a set of crossed arms and a stern face behind her. Each paranormal nodded with a smile.
Prudence raised her palms, wiggling her fingers with a sour frown. “Lookie. I produced and provided my sweat from my finger glands as my body heated into gallons…tons of hot water. I poured my sweat over each frozen animal literally. However, my blood is very limited. I only have eight pints of it at one time. There are over four hundred frozen animals inside that warehouse.”
Lemure said with a stern face and a serious stone. “You are only required to drain a tiny drip of a droplet of your human blood from a finger pad or more body parts.” He licked his lips with a smile.
Ralph stood, dragging Prudence into his chest. “Okay. Got it. Get it. Blood, it is. Blood from her and on each frozen animal. Let’s go and finish this thing to save the paranormal race.” He nodded to each paranormal, slowing moving to the invisible elevator without activating the animal instinct one or more paranormal to kill Prudence for her blood.
Each paranormal stood with a pair of glazed eyeballs, sounding with a series of growls, snarls, snorts at Prudence.
Piccoloette danced around on the top of her stool with an evil laugh and a wicked grin. “Human girl. human blood. Human girl. Human blood. Bye, human girl. See ya never again, human girl.” 
Ralph stopped and cuddled Prudence inside the invisible elevator with a worried brow.
Each paranormal slowly turned with a set of glazed eyeballs to see the human girl, slowly moving to her.
Prudence gasped with fear.
The winds shifted, sending the invisible elevator down to the ground floor.
Ralph held her hand, performing an m-dash out the Furnace through the rain and the woodlands.
At 11:58 p.m. in front of her log cabin, Ralph stopped and hugged Prudence, kissing her lips, pulling back with a worried brow.
She gasped at his serious facial expression. “What’s wrong? I can drain a drip of a drop of my blood over each frozen animals. Why are so sad? Am I in danger here?”
“Naw. A paranormal cannot harm a human ever, never.”
She nodded. “Yeah right. You keep repeating that to my eardrums. However, my neurons are shocked and confused.”
He exhaled. “I don’t know if this will work.
“It has too. Right. I mean if my blood can revive the frozen animals. I will do it to save them.”
Ralph kissed her lips and then pulled back with a smile, lifting the orange flower petal. “Yeah. Tomorrow, we do this and save all the frozen paranormal.”
She held the soft flower petal, turning with a worried brow to see the running hind legs, slowly moving back to her woodland cabin, pondering her heavy mental thoughts. Prudence retired for the evening with happy slumber and sweet dreams.
Tuesday, May 19th


5:48 am
hot and humid
cabin location


17 years. 30 days. 07 hours. 54 minutes. 21 seconds. 08 milliseconds


The worm crawled from the crack in the door seam, looking for a warm bed, slithering over the floor until it hit the rolls of blankets.
And it crawled underneath for its new home.
And then the naked ankle bone rolled and smashed the blanket with a slurp.
Prudence opened her eyelashes with a set of curled lips. “Ugh. Worm dookie.” She lifted and slammed her ankle bone over the smashed worm guts to ensure death by purpose with a sour frown, standing and jumping on top of the smashed worm for any additional assurance with a sour stomach.
She turned and entered the bathroom, peeing and cleaning her body and left the bathroom for the archway.
The door opened.
Prudence didn’t bother to change her dirty clothes, because she didn’t own another set of clean clothing and she wasn’t exactly dirty for some reason. She moved and stood in the semi-crooked line of teens.
Mehire stood with a sneer. “More trash. Do your thing, troublesome teens?”
The teens sounded with a series of moans, turning and scattering into different geographical direction.
Prudence sat on the grass, eating her food sack and burped with a giggle and squatted on her kneecaps, digging into her pocket and licked her lips of the salty muffin. She pulled out an object with a giggle. “A flint stone. How do you get in there? O yeah. Bye. Bye birdie or rock…” She reared back her arm, tossing the rock to the edge of the forest line and gasped, rubbing her naked arms. “Not mosquito bites. O yeah. That’s why I carry the flint stone. It is a lucky stone and a healing stone too.” She stood and moved, squatting down, picking up the flint, cramming back into her pocket with a nod and a smile. “Dang. My blue jean pockets are nasty dirty.” She dug her fingers deep down into the front pocket, pulling the fabric inside out.
And then a piece of gum fell over the grass.
She giggled. “Gum.” Prudence reached and un-wrapped the candy, chewing and blowing bubbles. She hit the exposed lining of the pocket, cleaning the fabric with her fingers. “Tree leaves. How in the world did tree leaves get into my pocket?” She replaced the lining back down into the pocket, moving to the other front pocket. She pulled out the lining, cleaning off the dirt with a giggle. “Red clay dirt. I must be a dog, rolling around in the dirt.” She replaced the fabric, moving her hands around the rear pocket on her fanny, pulling out an object. “I swear I need to wash my blue jean shorts,” She brought and lifted the object into her face with a smile. “My flint rock again.” She replaced it into her front pocket for safe keeping, reaching around, touching the last pocket and pulled out an object. She brought around and lifted into her face with a gasp. “Blood.” The orange flower petal disintegrated between her fingers. “O no. I remember. I am to drain a drip of my human blood tonight over four hundred frozen animals in the warehouse. O yeah.” She turned all her fingers to face a worried brow, looking at each finger pad. “Does a finger prick hurt? I don’t know. I have never pricked my finger for any reason.” She sat on the grass, cuddling her fingers underneath her armpits for protection and warmth. “I don’t know. Does a finger prick hurt? There are four hundred frozen animals inside the warehouse.”
At 03:03 pm, in the late afternoon, on a hot and sunny day, inside the teen camp site, prisoner teen Prudence had wandered around the manicured grass and neglected to pick up any trash items in her area of the woodlands all morning and afternoon without lunch and supper. She didn’t really care. Her stomach was flip-flopping with nerves and fear of losing too much blood for the four hundred frozen animals. However, Mehire had not bothered to locate and annoy Prudence this afternoon and evening. And all the other teens had also ventured back to the main house for supper and a fun night of television and swimming in the pool.
Prudence wandered around the woodlands, stopping and leaning against the metal door of the warehouse, waiting for Ralph. She cuddles her finger pads underneath her armpits for warmth and protection.
At 08:33 pm, in the early evening, with a clear sky of bright moonlight rays and twinkling stars during a hot and humid night, at the abandoned warehouse location, Ralph slowly moved from the dark forest, stopping and squatting in front of Prudence with a whisper. “Ready?”
“No.”
“I will help.”
“You can’t. I must do this. But I don’t know if I can do this, Ralph.”
“I feel ya. But it is the only chance to save my family members and my friends.”
“I know.”
“Let move and get it done.” He touched her arm and the dirt, lifting her to stand, morphing his human hand into a furry hand with a black claw. The claw moved and entered the latch.
The door opened.
Prudence gasped with fear of the open door, seeing the white glows of four hundred frozen animals. Her stomach flip-flopped with one thousand and one butterflies. Her heart raced. Her pulse jumped. Her blood surged with great fear.
Ralph cuddled and shoved her into the semi-dark room as the bright moonlight rays bombarded the dirt floor and some of the four hundred animals.
Prudence held her breath, hoping to stop from fainting and passing out into unconsciousness, which was a good idea. Then Ralph could prick her finger as each single drop of her human blood landed on four hundred frozen animals. She halted in terror.
Ralph turned and shoved her to the first frozen animal on the wall, a dog.
She whispered with her tears of terror. “Four hundred divided by ten equals forty individual finger pricks on my hands…”
He whispered into her ear. “Use your toes too. That’s only twenty each instead of forty…”
She slightly grinned. “Yeah. Use my toe pricks too.”
He moved her arms over the animal in the frozen state with a worried brow. “Hold your arms over each animal. Then prick a finger, letting the blood drip over the fur anywhere.
She whispered. “Can you prick my finger with your claw? It…it would be faster.”
He whispered. “Naw. My claw bone is magic. My claw bone would morph your human blood. And I cannot harm a human. The supernatural all-being over me would think that I am attacking you when your blood is released.”
“Why?”
“They… they can smell the release of human blood with the release of paranormal fangs, claws, nails or whatever. Let’s finish this before midnight.”
“Yeah.” She reached and pulled out her pen knife, flicking the edge, releasing the tiny sharp blade. 
Her pen knife is two inches long and a half an inch wide with a very sharp blade for cutting off any type of object like a piece of light weight twine or a piece of packing tape. However, it is very good at cutting through a piece of tender human flesh too.
She flipped a hand to the blade, slowly extending the tip to her index finger. The blade glowed in the moonlight. The tip of the blade shimmered in silvery tints.
And then the tip touched her flesh.
“Ouch.” She whispered in pain, pulling back the tip for the blade. A small drop of her blood exploded over the broken skin, bubbling and parting the wound and fell over the frozen dog.
Ralph gasped with worry, cuddling her arms, keeping Prudence from escaping and shoved her to the next frozen animal. At this rate, they would barely finish before midnight. With each finger prick, the human girl would hesitate longer between the pricking. He whispered. “Prick the same finger until you can’t stand the pain anymore.’
"Okay.” She whispered, holding her arms over the next frozen animal, moving the tip of the blade to her index finger.
And then the tip touched her flesh.
“Ouch.” She whispered in pain, pulling back the tip for the blade. A small drop of her blood exploded over the broken skin, bubbling and parting the wound and fell over the frozen dog.
He shoved her to the third frozen animal.
Prudence repeated eight more times with the stabbing of her index finger with the tip of the blade. Eight more times her blood fell over a frozen animal.
On the eleventh frozen animal, Prudence pricked her middle finger of her left hand, feeling the pain, watching a single droplet of her human red blood as it fell and landed on top of the furry or soft white skin of the frozen animal.
Ralph was flying in the air on the third tier of shelves, shifting and holding Prudence between his arms to the next frozen animal. 
On the two hundredth animals, Prudence was crying with tears. Her tears stained her face and wet her shirt as she moaned from the constant pain in each finger pads. Each finger pad was hard and dried with her red blood from the multiply pricks.
Ralph exhaled with a huff of worry. “Use your toes now.”
“No.” She whispered. “My toes are more sensitive than my fingers. My fingers hurt and bleed. I can feel my finger. They are numb in pain,” she sobbed with tears.
“I know.” He kicked on her boot heel with his werewolf magic, sliding off both her boot and her sock as the two items slowly dropped down to the dirt. “Now, I am going to turn you around. You rest over my chest. I will hold the pen knife and prick your big toe first and work along the foot. We are half way there, Pumpkin. You’re doing a good job.
It hurts. My fingers hurt. My blood hurts. My fingers are numb with pain.”
I know.” He twisted her around in the air with his magic, placing her against his chest. She was weak in pain. He didn’t need for her to hold onto his neck. He could hold her there with his paranormal magic. It was her human blood that he needed to revive and save his family members and his friends. Both her knees were stabbing into his chest.
But Ralph didn’t mind or really feel the pain.
The right foot sole of Prudence was exposed in the air along with her five toes and untouched toe pads, pointing down to the frozen animal. Gravity would pull and drop the next prick of her toe meat down to the paranormal.
Ralph exhaled with a huff of worry, slowing moving her pen knife through the air with his magic. The tip of the blade shimmered in her dried red blood over the silver like a pretty painting. But it didn’t matter. The tip was sharp to cut through her tender flesh.
And then the blade and the flesh touched.
“No oh.” Prudence cringed with a whisper, feeling the sharp pain on her big toe meat, sobbing with her tears into his shirt. “O. It stings. It hurts.” Her droplet of red human blood exploded over the tender flesh, bubbling from its warm surface, slowly parting from her flesh and fell over the white fur of the frozen dog.
Ralph shifted to the next frozen animals, a snake. He didn’t hesitate, gliding the tip of the blade into her big toe meat again.
And then the blade and the flesh touched.
“No.” Prudence cringed with a whisper, feeling the tip of the blade on her big toe meat, sobbing with her tears into his shirt again.” Hurt. Sting.” Her droplet of red human blood exploded over the tender flesh, bubbling from its warm surface, slowly parting from her flesh and fell over the white fur of the frozen dog.
And then Ralph shifted her and the blade tip to the next animal.
At 11:54 p.m., Ralph shifted to the last frozen animal, holding Prudence on his chest like a cuddled baby, moving the bloody knife to her pinky toe on her left foot for the last prick.
And then the blade and the flesh touched.
Prudence jumped inside his chest without whispering or moaning. She was unconscious from the multiply stabbings of her tender meat on all ten toes.
Ralph exhaled with a huff of worry, slowing dropping down to the dirt in relief with Prudence. He had finished pricking all her toes by the midnight hour to save his paranormal family and friends. He turned and performed a smooth m-dash with her out the door of the warehouse and to her cabin.
At 11:56 p.m.,  Ralph stopped in front of the archway with Prudence, kicking the wood.
The door opened.
He squatted and grabbed two handfuls of dirt, entering her cabin, moving to the bed mattress. He rested her over the messy and dirty bed linens, sprinkling the dirt over each finger and toe bone. Then Ralph lifted her into the air and crawled over the bed, lowering Prudence over the empty space between his chest and his legs. He reached and touched bother her index fingers and the dirt with his hands, working his magic to heal her injured fingers and eventually her toes too.
A paranormal cannot harm a human. But a paranormal can heal a human with or without permission.
Tomorrow, the visual wound will be closed but her fingers and her toes will be sore.
Prudence slept and sighed with the warmth of Ralph’s werewolf healing touch on her fingers without really knowing the reason.
He exhaled with a puff of relief that his magic was easing her pain, feeling her body relax. He would stay throughout the night until each finger and toe meat was healed.
The winds shifted. The room smelled like a pile of fresh green colored horse turds.
Ralph sneezed and growled. “What are you doing here, death warmed over a pile of cow patties?” He sneered instead of laughed.
Vampire Lemure stood in front of the bed mattress with a stern face and a serious tone. “I can to see the progress.
Ralph snarled with angry to the ancient paranormal. “We finished before midnight. Ya got eyeballs? I’m here with Pumpkin. She’s resting and healing from draining a drop of her human blood over four hundred frozen animals.”
“I do not believe that it worked.” Lemure said with a stern face.
“What?” Ralph gasped.
The church bells rang.
Lemure cupped his earlobe with a stern face. “Hark! It is midnight. Hark! I do not running paws, jumping croaks or loping hoofs. No! It did not work.”
Ralph growled. “Ya fudging paranormal. If I was not trapped here hearing Pumpkin, I would tear your limbs from your pale and cold body…”
Lemure whispered. “Hush, Ralph. I was afraid of this. The more important concern is that our paranormal family and friends are still frozen here at the teen camp site inside the warehouse. The more important news is that the warehouse occupants are being moved from the teen camp site.”
Ralph gasped. “When?”
“The day after tomorrow. So we must find the correct solution before that happens. Or we will not be able to leave the safety of the Furnace and track our family and friends…”
“Why’s this happening to the paranormals. We live in happiness inside our world of paranormal, without injury or incident to nobody, even the humans, since the beginning of time.”
“I know. But, I do not understand either.”
Ralph nodded with a worried brow, holding the hands of Prudence. “What is the solution then? Do you got another idea or plan or plot or whatever?”
“No. Bring Pumpkin back to the Furnace tomorrow for a meeting in the meeting room. She has all the answers. We just need to extract them from her.”
“I do not know about this.” Ralph growled.
“I do not know.”
The winds shifted.
Lemurs vanished with the wind.
Wednesday, May 20th


5:48 am at sunrise of red, orange, yellow
hot and humid
cabin location

17 years. 31 days. 02 hours. 47 minutes. 16 seconds. 29 milliseconds


The colored pink tinted clouds blocked the bright sunrays, during the morning time, showing a shadow then parted, showing a bright light into the glass window.
Prudence slept on the floor, feeling the bright light inside the eyelids, slowly stirring awaken and sat upright on her fanny. She yawned, rubbing her eyelids, feeling a set of sore fingers and gasped with shock. She tenderly touched each finger, feeling a ting of stiffness too. “What did I do yesterday tote around a cut log?”
The knock echoed around the quiet room.
She looked up with a worried brow at the closed door with a gasp, turning to see the bright sunlight, standing upright and flexing her sore fingers into working. “Dang. Mehire. I’m late this morning,” stopping at the archway.
The door opened.
Ralph stood on top of the step without a smile and a word of greeting.
Prudence gasped with a nod and a sour frown.
He nodded with a sad face. “Right. It doesn’t work. We have a meeting in the meeting room again.”
“This is so…”
“…strange to me too.” He grabbed her hand, slowly turning and moving into the forest.
“We are not performing an m-dash through the deep forest.”
“I need time to time…”
Prudence gasped with shock, pulling away from him as he tightened on her hand. She shouted in angry. “No! I don’t wanna go. I am human. I am not a paranormal.”
“I know. I want to walk and talk about everything.” He moved forward, looking down at the grass, seeing the wildflowers with a sad face.
She gasped, moving with him, looking around the woodlands with a puzzled brow. “It…it twenty miles deep into the forest to the entrance of the Furnace. It…it  will take hours. I mean we walk at two miles per hour that would be almost ten hours of walking…”
He whispered in worry. “I know. Maybe, we missed something very tiny that could save the four hundred frozen animals. I mean the mist got me. I was frozen. Now, I’m not. There…there is something there to unfreeze and there is something missing to keep them frozen.”
She moved to stand beside him with a nod and a stern face. “Okay. We can do that. We can talk it out.”
He stopped and stared at the objects with a worried brow and a whisper. “Darling Forest…”
Prudence stopped and turned to see the trees with a sad face and a whisper too. “The trees will not ever turn green, will they?”
Ralph looked down and kicked the leaves with his boot toe, slowly moving and holding her hand. “Don’t know. The paranormals are still frozen. No one came home last night. I don’t understand. I am unfrozen. I was touched your sweat, your blood and your hands. Why was I revived?”
She looked down with a puzzled brow, kicking at the leaves with her boot toe with a whisper. “I don’t know…”
At 08:23 pm, in the early evening with a clear sky and bright rays of moonlight within a hot and humid weather pattern, in front of the Furnace location, paranormal werewolf Ralph slowly walked out the forest over the shells as the shells crunched and broken underneath is boot heels.
Prudence crunched the shells too and looked up at the tall steel building as both white smoke and red fire vented from the front and the sides like a chimney. She saw the individual colored rays from the seashell garden too without a smile and feeling sad too. 
Ralph slowly moved with her through the wide entrance archway as their shoes turned into a pair of naked feet. Ralph slowly walked to the invisible elevator without stopping to say hi to the other ogres, standing and cuddling Prudence against the warm metal wall.
The winds shifted.
They lifted up inside the invisible elevator through each level.
At each level, their clothing changed for each theme dance as usual without the fun opportunity of dancing.
Prudence felt tickling sensation as each piece of clothing touched her body and then disappeared faster than an eyelash blink. She did not smile or giggle, feeling very depressed and sad.
On the seventh level, Ralph and Prudence stood inside the invisible elevator on the seventh level.
All the slanted vents were silence. The room was silence. The paranormals were silence.
Prudence thought it was really eerie.
Ralph slowly moved from the wall over the floor and stood over the empty spot. A loveseat of solid red rose from the metal.
They turned and sat in silence.
Prudence gasped with shock with the still vision of the room. Each face of the paranormal was swollen red with a pair of blood shot eyeballs from crying for the frozen animals, except for Piccoloette.
Leprechaun Piccoloette danced over the top of her tall stool, twirling on her golden leg with a grin of happiness but without sound.
Prudence exhaled with a puff of defeat, looking down with a sad face at her healed hands. Last night, she kept accidentally pricking her finger while scraping the hard rock of flint. But Ralph and his healing touch had mended her hands into normal again.
However, the paranormal animals were still frozen in a state of animal form inside the warehouse, since the drips of droplets of her blood did not awaken the frozen animals this morning either.
Prudence wiped the tears from her eyeballs, holding hands with Ralph.
Ralph looked down with a sad face at the metal floor without coming up with another solution of unfreezing his friends and his family members from the animal state too.
Vampire Lemure stared with a stern face and a whisper at the metal floor saying with a meek voice of defeat too. “We…”
The wind shifted, making the room cold like an arctic winter.
The eight feet jinn back stepped from the tall stool and leprechaun Piccoloette and unfolded his muscular biceps.
Each chin looked up to see the jinn as each mouth dropped open with shock.
The jinn turned and moved forward to Prudence.
Prudence hugged her arms from the cold air, looking up to see the tall jinn, coming to her and gasped with fear, scooting and cuddling next to Ralph.
Ralph gasped with fright, cuddling Prudence. The jinn never moved or talked or did nothing but tall behind the leprechaun in silence and sternness.
The jinn stopped in front of Prudence with a stern face without a word.
Ralph gasped with acknowledge, elbowing Prudence to stand, leaning over with a whisper and a smile. “Stand. It’s okay. I promise. He is going to see into your mind too.”
Prudence swallowed the bile back down her throat, slowly standing on shaky kneecaps in front his chest, since she could see his eyeballs with nervousness.
The jinn closed his eyelids, slowing lowering his two large hands over her small human skull, reading her inner thoughts with his paranormal powers.
Silence.
He whispered. “Flint…” The jinn back stepped from Prudence, turning and moving back to his position behind the tall stool of the leprechaun and stopped, staring at the human girl.
Prudence gasped with understanding, slapping both her hands over the blue jeans shorts with a smile, pulling out her pen knife.
Piccoloette gasped with shock, dancing around the top of her stool, pointing her golden stick arm at Prudence. “See she’s a killing human? She owns a weapon of steel for cutting off your heart and lungs and legs and arms…”
“Shut up, Piccoloette.” Werewolf Sally exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “We all see with supernatural eyesight. Why are you carrying concealed, young teen human?”
Prudence held the rock even with her chin with a giggle and a grin. “Flint. This is a rock. A flint stone is also called a lucky stone or a healing stone. Now I concentrated on each encounter with Ralph when he was frozen. At the jail cell, the mist came from the door cracks and attached Ralph, turning him into a frozen animal. The other humans touched and sweated all over his soft hair at the sheriff’s office, at the court house building, inside the van, and inside the warehouse. If the human sweat was the solution, then Ralph would have morphed into a human in front of the humans. Is that correct, Ralph?”
“Yeah.”
Prudence nodded. “So human sweat is not the solution to awaken up all the frozen animals inside the warehouse then? Ralph had rested inside the van and inside the warehouse for many hours from early morning to late evening as the humans handled and sweated and bleed their precious blood over his unconscious dog form. Yet, he remained as a frozen animal as he arrived inside my cabin. The other teens and the nasty guard placed Ralph there for their sick fun.”
Piccoloette danced over the top of her stool with a sneer and a sour frown. “Humans are vile and disgusting creatures. I wished that they would kill each other. If not, we should band together and get rid of them. Who’s with me?”
Lemure exhaled. “Please listen, everyone.”
“Yeah.” Prudence exhaled. “Flint dust. During the day, I picked up trash from the grass…”
“That was dumped over our pretty landscape by the vile humans. They should be exterminated from our planet.” Piccoloette sneered.
“Please listen, everyone.” Vampire Lemure frowned.
“Thank you. One of the other teens found a flint rock. Then he scraped the rubbed the fine power of the gray stone over his naked body to protect him from mosquito bites. I saw and overheard the action. Then I scraped and rubbed a fine power dust over my hands, mostly. Then I was called to supper and ate my food. After supper, I entered my cabin, seeing the poor frozen dog. I went over and rubbed my hands with the gray fine dust over his body…”
Ralph rubbed his temple, nodding with a puzzled brow. “Yes. I remember that exactly. Pumpkin came into darkness of the cabin and switched on the lights and screamed when we saw a semi-dead dog on her mattress…”
“So, you are a chicken stew human girl. I hope you ain’t afraid of ghosts and goblins and elves and…”
“Shut up, Piccoloette! Please continue, Ralph.” Vampire Lemure frowned at the short girl and then the werewolf.
“She ran and kneeled beside me on the bed, rubbing and patting my fur with her hands and a sad face.” He stood with a smile and a nod. “Yeah right. I smelled the sweet odor of rock from her hands drifting into my nostrils. Her hands were covered in a gray dust. The flint stone morphed me back into a human state. It took a few hours.”
Prudence grabbed and dragged Ralph by the arm with a giggle and a grin. “Stop talking alright but not breathing thou. Let’s ride on your m-dash to the warehouse and revive all the frozen right now.” She ran to the invisible elevator, cuddling into Ralph with a giggle and a smile.
The other paranormals stood with a series of claps and cheer for the smart human girl.
He leaned over to kiss her cheekbone, missing her face as the invisible elevator shifted and flew them down over the wall metal.
On the ground level, Ralph performed an m-dash through the forest to the teen camp site warehouse, morphing into a dog, leaping into the air. He reached and inserted his black claw into the latch.
The door opened.
At 11:11 p.m. on a clear night of moonlight light in the hot and humid air at the teen camp site warehouse, Ralph halted, releasing her hand, running and morphing into a dog. The dog leaped, extending a black claw tip in the air, hitting the latch on the door perfectly.
The door opened.
Prudence ran inside and stopped, pulling out her pen knife and the flint rock with a smile.
Ralph reached and stole the flint rock from her hand with a smile.
She turned and touched his arm with a stern face. “Wait! Your werewolf magic will void the flint dust."
He shook his skull with a smile. “Naw! Dirt lives on top of the planet. Trees live in the dirt. Wind runs around the trees without damaging the bark. The four elements worked together to survive on the planet. However, humans continue to burn and trash our lovely planet. I don’t particularly like Piccoloette. She runs the Furnace but she makes valid excellent argument for getting rid of all the humans, if I really believed in her theory. Anyways, I am part of the dirt. The rock is part of the dirt too. So I can touch it. I’m going to use my dog claw scraping the flint dust over the frozen animal. Yeah. The dust falls over the animal by gravity and wind, which are elements of the plane too and with my werewolf magic. The end. There are four hundred frozen animals. You need help. The time is ticking to midnight. We can work twice as fast with me and you doing the scraping over each animal. We gotta do them all before midnight, darling. Or we gotta wait until tomorrow night.”
Prudence gasped with worry. “We can’t. I had overheard that they’re moving the animals tomorrow to another place. I forget to tell you that information.”
Ralph broke the flint rock in half with a nod and a worried brow, giving her a piece with a smile. “I know that same information. You start on the bottom row, since you can’t fly. I will start above your hair roots on the top row and then we will meet in the middle and finish the job. Okay! I'll finish first and meet you on the dirt. Go!” He floated to the top of the ceiling and stood in front of the first frozen animal inside the cubby hole of the top row, morphing his human hand into a furry paw, extending one black claw. He held the broken flint over the dog, firmly scraping his claw tip over the stone. And then a gently mist of gray dust fall over the frozen animal.
Ralph watched with his paranormal eyeballs, seeing a flinch from the frozen animal with a smile and a nod. “Yeah, old buddy! You'll be fine. This will take a few hours. Then you will back to paranormal,” he chuckled and moved ahead to the next frozen animal, scraping his claw over the flint rock.
Prudence ran to the opposite show and stopped, lifting the broken flint rock over the frozen animal, stabbing the tip of my pen knife into the center. And then a gently mist of gray dust fall over the frozen animal.
Prudence watched with her eyeballs, seeing a flinch from the frozen animal with a smile and a nod. “Yay, my new friend is alive! You're going to be fine and dandy in a few hours. Then you will back to paranormal,” she giggled and moved ahead to the next frozen animal, scraping the tip of her knife over the flint rock.
At 11:47 p.m., Ralph flew down and bumped into her arm with a stern face and a serious tone. “Last one.” He leaned over her and scraped the flint rock with his claw as the dust landed in the middle of the fur on the last frozen animals, cuddling with Prudence, watching the frozen animal. And the animal flinched like the others. He back stepped, turning with her to the door. “I gotta go…”
“I know, as usual. Why do we leave me here when you’re not frozen?” She moved out the door.
The door closed and locked as usual.
Ralph stopped and stood, looking into the forest, leaping it the air and morphed into a dog.
Prudence watched him with a smile and a shout. “Hey! Where’s my flower petal? Okay. No more flower petals are needed. See you tomorrow afternoon, Ralph.” She turned and ran back to her cabin.
The door blasted opened with a boom.
Prudence stopped and turned around with a gasp.
Numerous white animals moved from the archway of the warehouse, running into the woodlands in the direction of the Furnace back home.
She raised her arms with a smile and not a cheer in the still of the night. “Yeah. I helped saved the paranormal animals.” She turned and ran back to her cabin.
At 11: 58 p.m., in front of the log cabin, Prudence ran into the door with a thud and a giggle.
The door opened.
Prudence moved into the room, stopping at the nasty bed mattress. It was covered in her blood, the red dirt, the white dog hair, his brown hair, and her black hair. She curled her lips with disgust, moving to the rolls of blankets on the floor, sliding over her permanent bed.
She closed her eyelashes with a grin, trying to fall asleep with glee of excitement.
Thursday, May 19th


12:00 am at midnight
heated and hot evening with clouds
cabin location

18 years. 0 days. 0 hours. 0 minutes. 0 seconds. 0 milliseconds


The church bell in the far distance dinged at the midnight hour.
Prisoner teen Prudence opened her eyelashes, staring at the bright ceiling and gasped with excitement, rolling off the bed, tossing my arms into the air with a smile and a laugh. She danced around the room as the lights illuminated in happiness. She sung for fun, flinging her hands and feet. “Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday, I’m eighteen years old now. Yay. And I can turn and walk out right that door from this teen work camp now and forever.” She turned with a smile to face the closed door, stepping down on a naked foot.
A series of lightning bolts flashed across the dark night sky with a series of thunder booms too and then the ground shook.
A set of bright balls of lights broke through all the glass windows of the cabin, landing and surrounding Prudence. A set of strange dark colored hands reached out and grabbed her body, lifting Prudence up from the bed linens and into the air waves like magic. She screamed and kicked out her limb fighting with both of her naked hands and her naked feet.
At 12:04 a.m., Prudence opened her two eyelashes several times only seeing plumes of thin white tinted mist inside a perfectly square shaped room while gasping with shock. Her two wrist bones were tied behind her back spine over the back rest on a cold, hard, metal silver tinted chair. Her two ankle bones were tied onto each front leg of the same cold heavy metal chair.
No other object or person was located inside the room as the white mist slowly drifted up, down, sideways over the four naked walls, the floor, and the ceiling tiles.
Movement flashed into the room with her. She narrowed her two eyelashes at an unfamiliar life form in front of her face, growling at the stranger. “Who are you?”
The unknown male measured six feet and five inches in height on a mesomorph body type with a pair of board shoulders, a head of straight blonde hair, a set of bangs under a heart-shaped face with a precious pair of baby blues eyeballs, and a tone of olive tinted skin. He did not speak a word or a grunt, rearing back his hand, slapping her face.
Prudence grunted more than screamed feeling a forming deep bruise on her cheekbone. It was the same cheekbone that paranormal werewolf Ralph had kissed last night, before she had fallen asleep inside her warm bed linens in her assigned tiny cabin at the teen work camp in Birmingham, Alabama. 
Now, she did not recognize this room or this male. She also felt the slow dripping heated blood proteins on her busted bottom lip while sneering at new life form. “What do you want from me?”
He said with a sour frown and a sneer. “Do you remember now?”
“Naw.” She sneered.
“Wrong answer, doll!” He reared back his hand again, slapping the other side of her face without a bruise and a blood. She screamed in pain. Then he reared back his folded fist and pitched his hand swiftly forward hitting her nose bridge, breaking her nose bridge. She cried with rolling tears down both of her bruised cheekbones dropping her chin down into her chest. her blood proteins drained down on her blouse soaking her blouse. He exhaled with annoyance and asked the same question. "Do you remember now?"
She continued to sob with more tears covering the blood stains with clear hot liquid mumbling underneath her breath. "Please..."
He frowned down at her brown tinted hair roots. "Do you remember now?"
She whispered. "No."
He exhaled with annoyance and looked up to see the open archway, nodding to the tall girl. "Well, I did my best. I guess it's your turn, doll."
A tall and pretty female stood inside an open archway that led into a dark hallway wore a smirk and slowly moved ahead, nodding to the tall male. "I guess I can make her talk, darling." She stopped and stood beside the male staring down at her brown tinted hair roots on Prudence. 
Prudence looked up with a stern face and stared at the new female while blood proteins running down and tickled both of her nose holes, feeling angry, pain and confusion.
The female was six feet in height and displayed a head of long black tinted hair, a pair of red tinted lips, and a pair of green eyeballs on a tone of pale tinted skin. She wore a black tinted tee shirt, a pair of skinny black tinted jeans, and a pair of bright red tinted fashion high heels with a set of yellow tinted toe nails and a smile. Her right foot beautifully held a red colored birthmark in the shape of solid star inside the curved arch below her big toe.
She reached down and grabbed each tip earlobe on Prudence, smirking with a set of giggles. "I don't think you can remember now. But I wanted to massage your delicate body parts, before the real torture," she laughed with the tall blonde haired male.
The tall female released both of the earlobes and reared back her fist, stomping her high hell on top of her naked foot. Prudence screamed in pain and continued to cry with concern. The tall female slammed her other high heel on the other naked foot on Prudence and then leaned down into the brown tinted hair roots on Prudence. "Do you remember now?" 
"No! No! No! Please go away! Leave me alone! What do you want with me? I do not know anything! I am a teenager. I know nothing. I am nothing but a silly, stupid teenager." Prudence hollered in pain and wiggled side to side trying to free her tied body needing to escape from the terrible duo.
The tall female turned and frowned at the nose profile on the taller male, shaking her long black tinted hair strands side to side, exhaling with annoyance. "She can't remember. What do you wanna do now, darling?"
The tall male continued to stare down at the hair roots on Prudence and shook his bone skull, rearing back, slapping the side of her head.
Prudence screamed in pain and disappeared off the cold hard metal floor landing down on her kneecaps at top of the moisture brown tinted dirt and a set of wet blades of tiny green tinted grass. She screamed out loud in shock and stood upright from the dirt and grass, leaning down, pressing both of her clean hands onto a white tinted shapeless and sleeveless gown. She stared down at the nicely manicured green tinted grass and then her pair of bare feet. She reached down and touched the grass, feeling the soft blades, gasping in shock. She reached up and touched her cheekbone feeling the facial wound as the wound swiftly healed into new skin without pain and suffering. She slowly stood upright and looked up seeing through an ancient square-shaped, red bricked archway, gasping in shock, viewing a rear skull on each walking elementary child.
Each elementary child wore the same school uniform, a dark blue short-sleeved shirt and a pair of plaid walking short in blue, yellow, and red squares carrying an individual backpack, moving towards the entrance doors. The squat building contained elegant and ancient red brick with four white tinted rounded columns of wood on the facade that shaded the children and the potted plants from the heated morning. each child slowly moved inside alone or with a group of friends disappearing into the cool air-conditioned lobby space for a day of lessons and learning.
Prudence continued to stand on top of the wet grass and moist dirt with a smile at the happy atmosphere while immediately pondering her new location.
"Welcome, Prudence!" A female voice softly fluttered with the light breeze.
Prudence turned and gasped at the nose profile on the taller female. The new and unknown female appeared like a seventeen year old girl with a round face, a pair of apple cheeks, a set of pink lips, a head of wavy waist-length strawberry-blonde hair, and a pair of mint green eyes on a peachy-pale complexion, standing at five feet and eleven and a half inches in height on a thin body frame. She wore an ankle-length fitted white tinted sleeveless dress and smiled at each group of elementary children.
A few feet away from the tall unknown female, a taller male displayed a body frame of six feet and six inches with a pair of white tinted jeans and a long-sleeved tee shirt over a set of ripped bulging biceps and triceps. His blackish blue wavy hair parted on the left side of his bone skull with a set of dusted black tinted whiskers on the peachy-pale jaw line with a set of dreamy baby blue eyes.
Prudence frowned and waved both of her arms in the air that did not contain a set of raw ropes from the last active night mare. Yes, she was still asleep inside her warm bed and experiencing a set of terrible nightmares. But this night dream was happy and pleasant.
However, each wrist bone and ankle bone contained a pink tinted open wound that was healing very fast on her healthy skin tissue. She screamed out loud in fury and fright. "Who are you, unknown female girl? Who are you, unknown male boy? What am I doing here? Where am I at? What is this place? What is going on here?"
The female did not turn but softly commented continuing to stare at the elementary school with a smile. "You are here and where you are supposed to be, honey."
Prudence dropped down both of her arms with a loud grunt and slapped the soft linen dress, turning to scan the new environment, where she was supposed to be. The weather was heated, not cool. Each tall tree and every low plant were covered in dark green leaves from heated summertime weather. She stood inside the manicured grass in-between a gray tinted city street pavement with slow moving automobiles and humans and the walkway of vanilla with roaming kids directly in front of the entrance archway of the elementary school.
The school building was shielded with a ten-foot high matching bricked wall that hid the building structure except for the grove of tall trees and the tin coated rooftop. The interior lawn was nicely manicured in lush green tinted grass and scattered pods of colorful flowers. A long playground setting stood against one side of the bricked wall for recess time for the elementary children.
A red-haired, pink-skinned elementary boy wore the same school uniform and toted a red tinted backpack over  his collar bone and crossed the busy city street at the red tinted traffic light alone, looking down at his pair of slightly dirty white tinted sneakers and then stopped in-between the tall unknown female and taller unknown male. He reached down into the pocket on his plaid walking shorts and pulled out a handful of coins, counting each one in silence, exhaling with disappointment. "Twenty cents!" He frowned down at the coins and cupped his hand around the treasure without dropping the items, slowly moving ahead with a stern face in silence through the open archway, padding towards his school building for a day of learning and fun activities.
"What are we doing here?" Prudence frowned at the back spine on the boy. "Who is that boy? Is that your son? Who are you, unknown female girl? Who are you, unknown male boy?"
The taller male stared into the courtyard of the school building. "We are here to observe."
"Who are we here to observe, unknown male boy? What are we here to observe, unknown female girl? Why am I here? What is this place? Where is this place? Why is this happening to me? This is not fun, ya'll! I wanna go home."
The red-haired elementary boy slowly approached a stationary semi-crooked column with four other children and stood in the back of the line waiting his turn. A few feet ahead, a row of taller elementary school children formed a curved line in the air waves like a human tunnel, where a child could not cross without a fight of bravery or a scream of terror. Each taller child wore the same school uniform and carried a black tinted backpack, surrounding the current pupil without moving away from her footpath. The current child was a tiny girl with a pink tinted backpack and stood in front of the tallest male, handing an item to the kid without a smile or angry words.  The tallest girl among the children shoved the tiny child through the blockage with laughter.
The next child approached and then halted, presenting an item to the tallest male, without a smile or a shout out of defiance. Then the red-haired elementary boy moved ahead with a sad face and stopped in front of the tall boy with fear, extending his cupped hand, opening the fingers and revealed the loose coins.
The tallest male child reached down and silently counted out the money, yelling out loud in fury. "Hey! There is only twenty cents here, bubba! You are supposed to give your friends twenty five cents or a quarter to pass through our blockage. Do you know what a silver tinted quarter looks like? Or we all get to beat up your sorry butthole on the playground this afternoon? Do you understand my threat, kid?" The child looked up and nodded in silence at the older and taller and meaner elementary school child answering both of the vocal questions.
The nasty taller male snatched up the coins from the open palm with a sneer and then leaned down even with the pink-tinted face on the shorter kid, mouth spitting at the cheekbone on the younger scared kid also, "I take all it all right now. Tomorrow, you bring one quarter and one nickel for my proper payment. Else, I get my way and you get my punishment. Do you get me, kid?"  The child nodded in silence again without fighting back with a hand fist or offering a set of nasty words back to the older mean kid. 
The taller girl shoved the red-haired kid on the back spine through the blockage and laughed out loud, looking down at the next elementary kid. The red-haired kid slowly moved with fear. He had emptied out his personal elephant-design bank inside his bedroom with all of the loose coins producing the daily blockage payment to the quartet of four taller, meaner, and nasty fourth graders. He didn't have an additional coinage and could not tattle to his parents. They worked hard for their money and would not understand his dilemma here at the school. So, he would go home after school today and thoroughly search down on the floor inside his bedroom, the living room floor, and the bathroom floor for some more loose coins to pay for the tomorrow morning. The day after that, he would fake a stomach ache to his mother which was not a lie. Then he could stay with his grandfather for the day while his parents went to work to pay for the house, the two automobiles, the food, and all the other things they needed to live here in the United States of America. He continued to move ahead toward the overhead veranda in front of the ancient school building that nicely shaded the heated sunray from his sweaty face.
The assistance female principal stood beside the open doorway feeling the waves of cold air-conditioning winds on her two fat cheekbones. If she had been performing her proper paid work job, then the assistance principal would see the unique blockage line with the four tall and mean fourth graders that harassed the younger child every morning. Each child attended the second or third grade, not the fourth or the fifth graders. However, the assistance principal was an overweight older woman and didn't like the beaming rays of heated sunlight on her pale skin. This entrance gateway was not used by the school buses, only the children that lived around the neighbor, who slowly walked through their nice friendly neighbor hood without a parent or a guardian or a guard dog.
The red-haired, pink-skinned elementary boy crossed over the smooth vanilla concrete underneath the veranda and followed behind the other students. The assistance principal fanned her face with an electric fan and shouted out loud at each student. "Get inside! Don't talk! Just walk! Don't text! Hurry up! Get inside! Don't be late for your class! Get inside!"
The red-haired, pink-skinned elementary boy entered the lobby space with a smile and enjoyed the cool air waves, racing ahead to his second grade class learning something new today.
In front of the entrance gates, Prudence continued to stand on top of the short grass and stared at the blockage of four tall elementary school that was harassing each cute kid for money while overhearing the entire conversation with her pair of supersensitive eardrum, pointing at the four kids. "Did you hear that? Did you see that? That nasty little boy is taking...stealing monies from each innocent and younger child. That is so wrong! That is so bad. That makes me so mad! I wanna do something. I wanna go and spank that kid for acting mean and bad. Did you see that? Is that why I am here? Well, I am here now! I wanna go and talk to that kid." She shifted her naked foot from the grass but the limb didn't move., looking down with a gasp. "What! What is wrong here? I can't move from the grass. I can't lift my foot. Why can't I lift my foot? What is wrong with me? I do not understand any of this," she wiggled her body but could not move from her spot, waving both of her arms in the air with frustration.
The tall female continued to stare through the gates at the children. "Nothing is wrong with you! We can also heard the entire human conversation too. We are here only to observe."
The tall male did not speak but snapped his fingers.
Prudence yawned from a bout of sudden sleep and then passed out into an state of unconsciousness, falling down on top of the hard concrete walkway breaking her nose again but she did not feel the pain.
A new morning, on a unknown day, in an unknown location, prisoner teen Prudence awoke and opened both of her two eyelashes staring at a vanilla walkway in-between a line of tall trees and a nicely manicured grassy media beside a city street in gray hue, watching  one or group of small child move across the hard concrete. She struggled to stand upright and then posed on both of her kneecaps, continuing to blink her two eyelashes open and then shut while adjusting to the bright rays of heated sunlight, touching her broken nose, gasping in annoyance but not pain. She did not stand yet and examined her body parts which seemed to work properly resting in the proper places on her body, softly giggling at her silly mental thoughts. She looked up and gasped in alarm.
Prudence stood on her kneecaps in the same spot at the same place, the elementary school building, exhaling with confusion. The time was early morning, not late afternoon or early evening.
So, she had drifted off asleep while still glued down by her naked feet onto the soft grass blades in front of the same elementary school building for some weird reason. She turned and sneered at the same pair, an unknown female and a taller unknown male that wear the same outfit also, waving both of her arms in the air that were not glued down to her dress, shouting out a nasty set of human words, where her lips were not glued together. "What is going on here? My nose had been broken. Now, it is healed like magic. My dress had been bloody from my broken nose and my dripping blood proteins. Now, my new dress is covered in grass blades, dirt, sand, and dead and live ants," she flicked off each live ant that dropped down on top of the dirt with and softly grunted with annoyance and confusion. "Who are you, two? I do not know my location; but I do know that this is the second day of an early morning. So, I slept here on the dirt and hard concrete without any rain drops on my bone skull and a pillow underneath my arching neck muscles. What are we doing here beside observing elementary school children? Hey, buddy and bud! There is a police law about stalking a little kid, if you are not the biological parent or legal guardian," she slammed both hands down on her dress and slowly stood upright grunting without pain but annoyance at her new situation of frustration. "I do not want to go to jail. Well, I can't go to jail, if I can't move from this spot. Can the children see us? Well, I can answer that. No! What am I now, if no one can see me? Am I dead? O no! I am dead, aren't I? I cannot believe this. I am a dead person. No! I am a dead ghost. No! A ghost is a dead body. I am..."
Across the city street, on top of the opposite walkway, the same red-haired, pink-tinted elementary boy from yesterday in the same school uniform which had been freshly laundered by his loving mother stopped and stood on the opposite side of the city street at the red tinted traffic light watching the adult crossing guard to enter the pavement. He reached down and pulled out the coin from the pocket, opening his palm, silently counting the money, exhaling with worry. "Twenty five cents!" He had found tons of loose change on the floor throughout his loving home for the daily blockage payment and kept the stolen items but he was still short by a nickel or five cents again today. He still owned the big nasty fourth grader five cents from yesterday. Thus, the four big, mean kids were going to beat his butthole at the playground equipment this afternoon during recess.
Yesterday morning, another young kid had disobeyed the order from the tallest kid and had gotten a black eye socket from a secret fist punch behind the gigantic playground slide.
Each school teacher did not notice the incident or care to investigate an injured child while playing on their personal mobile telephone. The teacher explained away with a hand flip to the parent that it was a minor accident with one of the equipment pieces on the playground. Thus, each school teacher was too busy with their own agenda instead of protecting a bunch of snot-nosed kids from a nice friend neighborhood from a few rough school kids.
Currently, on the new morning, on top of the vanilla walkway, the red-haired kid exhaled with worry and bowed his chin down into his chest without crying, whispering for his eardrums only. "Dear Heavenly Father, I cannot see you and cannot hear you. But I do believe that you can see and hear me. I tried really hard to find more money on the floor inside my house, but there was not more money on the floor or in the other rooms inside my home. My loving mom is a good housekeeper. I love my mom and my dad. Thank you, my Heavenly Father for my parents and me and my life! And I do believe in you and know that you will protect me, if I only ask. So, I kindly ask that you protect me today. I must face a bully kid all alone at the playground today. I am afraid and scared and worried and I do not wanna bleed blood from my broken nose either. But I will be brave and strong, because you are with me. I..."
On top of the grass in front of the elementary school, the unknown male continued to face the open gates and then lifted up his hand with a smile. "I do believe that I hear a distress message," he slowly spun around and scanned the local landscape, spotting the red-haired elementary child. "He is there! Listen to his prayer! He is prayer to the Source for help."
The female spun around with a smile and stared at the elementary child in silence hearing his prayer also.
Prudence gasped in alarm and dropped both of her arms, slamming her dirty dress with her dirty hands, swiftly spinning around to view the same red-haired elementary boy. She could hear his words that ascended from his lips and drifted up towards the clouds and straight up into heavenly plane.
The little boy continued to whisper his personal pray. "I do believe in you, Lord Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and all heavenly angles. And I do believe that I have a guardian angel too. Please send down my guardian angel, today, sir. I really need the help here. Well, thank you, sir! I love you Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and all of my heavenly angles. I am trying to become stronger and face my enemy without fear," He looked up and wiped off the tears, sniffing up the clear snort, holding the loose coin. He had asked the heavenly beings for help and he believed in his heart and his soul that they would come and help him. The light turned into green hue. The adult Crossing Guard motioned for all the school children to safety cross the city street to the other side, advancing into their school building for another day of fun activities and school learning.
The red-haired elementary child slowly crossed with the other children and looked down at the ground, exhaling with hope, following last behind the crowd. The other children advanced through the open gates and then halted, standing in the same line, offering the blockage money for passage through the gang of nasty four kids, without getting a beating at the playground setting this afternoon.
The red-haired kid stepped onto the walkway and then hit a wall of muscle, bouncing backward with a gasp of shock and stopped on top of the hard concrete, looking up with worry. He viewed a tall unknown male, who wore a white tinted tee shirt with a row of bold, black colored words across the chest that read Bam U, a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, and a pair of blue and black cowboy boots.
Prudence gasped in alarm. The unknown male had changed his outfit and materialized into a human male standing in front of the elementary child. she observed without screams or words the interchange. 
The unknown female continued to stand in place and wore the same white tinted dress, smiling down at the little boy without words, watching the action too.
The kid wobbled to side with nervousness in front of the tall stranger and nodded with a stern face. "I am so sorry, sir! I did not see you standing there. I hope that I didn't hurt you with my body."
The unknown tall male laughed out loud with a grin and squatted down, flipping a coin in-between his five fingers, smiling at the young child. "No, sonny! I am not hurt or harmed. But that was a nice apology from our minor crash. You are a well-mannered young man."
The kid smiled. "O! Thank you, sir! My mom and my dad insist upon good table manners when I see an old man."
He laughed with a nod. "And I am an old man. Are you hurt or harmed? I mean I do stand taller than a tree compared to your smaller tree trunk."
The kid slapped his chest with a nod. "No, sir! I'm fine and dandy here."
"Well, that's good to hear, sonny. You know, as you are a fine young man and you have admitted as the cause of our minor collision, such like, a mature adult. I wanna give you a gift. Are you allowed to receive a gift from a stranger, sonny?"
The kid gasped in shock. "Well, usually, I would ask my mom or my dad first before I can get a present. But my parents are not here with me. So, I can decide. Yes, I can accept a small gift but it cannot be a piece of candy. I am not allowed to take candy from a stranger or ride in a car with a stranger."
He nodded with a smile at the kid. "I understand. These are very good rules to follow which had been told by your loving parents. This is not a piece of candy," he rolled the coin and landed the item down in the middle of his open palm. "I was wondering if you would to have my coin."
The kid looked down and gasped in shock, grinning at the item. He needed five cents or a nickel. And this strange male wanted to give him a nickel that would meet the daily blockage payment for the day. Today was Friday. He did not attend the school sessions on Saturday or Sunday.  He lifted up his free hand and then halted the limb in the air, slapping back down to his leg while shaking his bone skull at the nice stranger. "I cannot take your money, sir. You need that money to pay for all of your bills like my parents must do. Thanks for the gift, sir! I cannot take it."
The adult male gasped in shock and looked down at the coin. He had planned this collision in order to aid the young kid with the big school bully. He looked up and winked at the kid. "Well, that is a very noble decision. And I respect that. I have paid all of my bills and I do not need the coin. And I had happened to find this lost nickel on the ground as I was walking to my office building. Would that make you feel better, sonny? I still would like to reward you for your nice social manners to an adult, sonny."
The kid gasped in shock and looked up, nodding several times with a smile, "Yes, sir! I believe you. If you really don't need the nickel to pay your bills, then I would like to take it."
The adult male reached down and grabbed the free hand on the kid without the change, opening the palm with a smile, placing the coin on top of the skin tissue on the kid. Then he closed up the hand on the kid and nodded with a smile. "There you go, sonny! The coin belongs to you. Have a good day at school and learn a lot!" He stood upright from the ground and back stepped from the child, spinning around, moving ahead down the walkway. "Bye, sonny!"
The kid continued to stare down at his fist and giggled with happiness, slowly moving ahead with a smile, standing last in the column of tormented younger children. He waited his turn and presented his palm with the coin, smiling up at the bully kid. The kid sneered down at the smart child and snatched up the money. The bigger female child shoved the red-haired child through the blockage line, sneering at the rear skull on the child.
The red-haired child skipped ahead with a smile and entered the lobby space with joy and happiness, whispering for his eardrums only. "Dear Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and all of my heavenly angels, thank you! You sent a stranger man to me and he gave me a nickel. I really needed this nickel coin. Thank you! Thank you! I love you so much, Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus Chris, the Holy Spirit, and all of my heavenly angels. Thank you."
At the open archway, the female assistance principal continued to sit in the chair and ate from the box of fresh donuts, shouting out loud at each child.
Out in the courtyard, the rest of the younger child eventually went through the stalled blockage passage like usual and then finally entered their grade classroom. The school bell rung out loud starting the school day. The interior courtyard was empty with children and adults.
On top of the grass media in-between the city street pavement and the walkway, Prudence smiled with happiness for the child and realized that this situation was a learning process.
The unknown female continued to stand in place and smiled with happiness for the child also.
The unknown male appeared and stood back in his original position wearing his white tinted attire, instead of the human clothes while smiling at the elementary school also.
Prudence wiggled side to side but could not shuffle her naked feet from the soft grass blades, turning with a smile, nodding with a giggle. "Now, I get it! You're a pair of angels. The little elementary child prayed to the Source. The Source heard his prayers and then sent you to help the little child. I understand now. So, I am an angel also. So, the kid can't see. So, no human can't see me. So, can the birds see me? Can the clouds see me? Well, I am dead. Why did I die? I don't remember dying. Wait! I do remember dying. That nasty tall male hit my face and then his nasty girlfriend hit my foot. I guess I died from a surprise heart attack. Is that correct?" She slammed her body and nodded with a smile. "Well, my dress is torn and bloody but I am standing it in and still stuck in the grass. Why am I stuck in the grass? Why am I hostage here? Where am I at? What is happening here?"
The unknown female continued to stand and smiled into the empty courtyard of manicured grass, groves of short trees, and pods of colorful flowers, "We are here to observe."
Prudence smiled. "Well, I have observed and I have finished my angel work here. Haven't I? There is nothing to observe anymore all of the kids are inside the school house. Now, I am really to leave. Where are we all going to next?"
The unknown male continued to stand in place and smiled at the familiar landscape. "There is more to observe."
Prudence sneered at the nose profile on the female and then the male, frowning with annoyance. "No! There is nothing else to observe. What is there to see here? Wait! I can answer that. Nothing! Nothing! Nothing is here to see and observe. Geez! I wanna leave."
"We still have more to observe." The male repeated with a smile and continued to survey the new landscape.
Prudence exhaled with a sour frown and turned back scanning the landscape, staring into the courtyard. The children were inside each appropriate classrooms and were not scheduled for play time until later in the morning. The sunlight was bright and intense. However, she was a dead human that had morphed into an angel, so the sunlight didn't affect her ghostly body. She tossed both of her arms in the air and exhaled with frustration, dropping both of the arms, slapping her dirty and tore dress. She stared at the courtyard watching a flock of red birds. The flock landed down on the manicured grass and started picking down in the dirt, eating the tiny worms.
She turned with a smile and stared at the row of tall trees watching at the playing pair of squirrels, scanning the sky and viewed a flock of flying birds, rolling white tinted clouds, bright sunlight and pale light sky, nodding at the wondrous natural elements from the Source.
The entrance door on the school opened and revealed a herd of tiny children. The children dashed out and laughed out loud, racing around the ground, playing with each other.
The male smiled into the courtyard. "This is an ancient elementary school that has existed for 126 years here in the USA. The school facility provides a day care center for toddlers and three years old up towards the age of ten years old, who are usually in the fifth grade."
Prudence looked down and smiled at the tiny children, hearing the squeaks of laughter, enjoying the tiny humans. Then she felt sad and selfish. She had died at the age of eighteen years old, a young girl without a future with a married male and a newborn baby in her arms. Now, she was an angel without a companion. She continued to stand without aches in her body, a light breeze through her long hair, smiling at the tiny humans without thinking any other mental thoughts absorbing each free spirit of innocence.
Several minutes later, the school teacher gathered up the group of laughing wild children and then slowly herded them back into the school house for more fun activities or maybe a short nap with each tired body.
Once the courtyard had been cleared from the tiny humans, the entrance door opened again admitting a second group of three year old children, who dashed around the protective and guarded courtyard with fun games and an imaginative activities. Ninety minutes later, children from ages of one to eight years old had ventured outside and enjoyed the warm sunlight, racing back into the lobby space under the direction of their individual elementary teacher.
The current time ticked at 09:29 am, the unknown male continued to stand in the same place and smiled into an empty courtyard turning with a nod to see the unknown female. "Now, it is time to leave from this spot. There is no need to hold hands. But do not move or shift or wiggle from your grassy spot," He laughed and lifted his hand, nodding to Prudence.
Prudence did not move but nodded with a smiled. She was ready to leave this place, where she had been parked for one day. The male snapped his fingers. Prudence disappeared from the grass blades along with the unknown pair and gently, landed down on top of a hard granite floor without pain in a pair of naked feet, scanning the new room. 
The room was an entrance hall with a twenty feet ceiling that touched a glass window where lots of sunlight ray bombarded the floor and the three angels a few feet in front of the closed pair of glass doors. Slightly angled in front of the trio of angels on one side of the entrance door out of the way of footpath, a wide and tall wooden staircase led to the second floor that was empty with children, adults, and teachers. The second floor was quiet also. On each side wall inside the lobby exhibited a long hallway in gray hue without any humans also, which exhibited an array of closed wooden doors without sound. each classroom was sound proof.
Prudence wiggled her naked toes but the digits were still glued down onto the granite floor, of course. She frowned with annoyance and shouted out loud without worry. A human could not see an angel for any reason. "What are we doing here? Where are we at? What is this place? I do not understand any of this," she slammed her dirty dress.
The unknown female continued to stand in place and smiled at the empty lobby space, "We are here to observe."
A loud noise erupted down the side hallway, slamming the door open that hit the side wall, admitting a group of little kids as each one raced from the corridor crossing through the lobby space ignoring each one of the three angels and dashed into the opposite side. Each one entered into the open archway at the end of the hallway stepping into the cafeteria for the lunch meal.
Inside the lunchroom, each child stood in line while laughing and shoving each other, waiting to receive a plate of food. Each child slowly padded through the line. The tallest child in the line smiled and received the plate of food with a nod as he had been taught by his mom, spinning around to face the lady on the high stool in front of the cash register and slowly moved ahead to pay for his lunch meal. He stopped and placed the tray on top of the small table, reaching down, pulling out a handful of coins, paying one dollar and one quarter. He was a fifth grader, who could count out the correct amount for the cashier, placing the money on top of the lip on the cash register.
The cashier swept up the coins and counted out the correct money amount, nodding with a smile at the fifth grader. The student proceeded ahead with a smile. Then the cashier slid off the high stool and spun around, swiftly dashing ahead, passing the fifth grade student and stopped in front of the male. She reached out and touched his collar bone, nodding with a smile, shaking a palm of coins. "Mr. Lurntee, I have a question. Where did you get this coin?"
Each grade child at this school were identified by their last name in learning respect for older people.
The fifth grade student looked down with confusion at the palm of coins. "O! Do you mean those coins?"
She smiled. "Yes, I am talking about these coins in my palm. Where did these coins come from?"
He strutted with worry. "They...they came from my dad. Yeah, my dad gave them to me."
"Well, when did you dad give you these coins?"
He frowned. "Uh! Uh! This morning..."
She said. "All right! Well, did you dad know that he had given you a special coin in my palm?"
"I do not know what you mean, ma'am."
She reached down and grabbed the tray of food wearing a smile. "I would like for you to come with me, Mr. Lurntee. We need to talk with the principal."
"That's my tray of food. Why do I need to see the principal? What for?" He gasped in shock.
"Follow me!" She spun around with a stern face with the food tray and slowly moved ahead holding the coins in her palm and stopped at the entrance wall. A tall and slender female in a business suit stood on the side wall without tables or chairs , observing the students inside the lunch room in silence.
The cashier lady stopped and stood in front of the principal. "Principle Turdin, I have something to show you."
"What is it, Mrs. Pettimore?"
She nodded with a smile and continued to hold the food tray exhibiting her other hand with a pile of loose coins, "I have been collecting the money for each lunch meal all morning. Then Mr. Lurntee presented this set of coins and I do believe that the set exhibits a unique coin."
The principal stared down at the pile of coins. "I do not understand here. A coin is a coin. Mr. Lurntee paid for his meal which is setting cold in her hand, Mrs. Pettimore."
"Yes, usually, a coin is a coin. However, one of these coins is very valuable."
"What!"
She nodded with a smile. "Yes, ma'am! This special coin is worth more than the standard American valuable. I am quite sure. We must investigate this matter immediately, Principle Turdin."
The principal nodded with a stern face, "Yes, of course, Mrs. Pettimore! Where did you get his special coin, Mr. Lurntee?"
The kid frowned up at the principal. "Ugh! Ugh! I got it from my dad. What is the problem here, Principal Turdin?"
The principal looked up and scanned the students inside the lunchroom deciding to carry the conversation outside from the crowded lunchroom. "Let all of us move out from the lunch room and discuss the matter inside the quiet and empty hallway." She took the tray of food from Mrs. Pettimore and waved with a free hand at the assistance principal, who sat the side table without watching any of the children stuffing her face with a plate of food. "Assistance Principal Diddoit, could you please come over here?"
Assistance principal Diddoit turned with mouth of food and nodded to her supervisor, chewing the food, slowly standing upright from the teacher's table. She slowly shuffled towards the principal without speaking and then stopped beside the middle-aged woman. The principal handed the cold tray of food with a smile. "Assistance Principal Diddoit, could you please depose of this food tray? I have another matter to attend too right now." The older woman accepted the food tray and then spun around, moving ahead to the wall of short deposal cans, dumping the tray of food still chewing the food. The principal returned back and nodded to the two individuals. "Follow me!" She spun around and exited through the open archway, slowly leading ahead down hallway, passing a line of more students. She stopped and stood inside the lobby space forming a loose huddle with Mrs. Pettimore and Mr. Lurntee with a trio of strangers watching the action and hearing the conversation.
On the entrance wall, Prudence continued to stand in place and frowned at the silent room, looking for at the new guest, clapping with excitement. Then she gasped in sock. "Hey! I recognize that kid, not the two adults. That is ..."
"You are very observation, Prudence. Please stay quiet. The set of young and older humans cannot see or hear you, but we can." The unknown female continued to stand in place beside Prudence and stared with a stern face at the trio of humans.
Inside the huddle, the principal looked down at the fifth grader and pointed down at the coins inside the palm on Mrs. Pettimore. "Mr. Lurntee, where did these coins come from?"
He frowned. "Ugh! My dad, yeah, I got the coins from my dad, this morning."
"All right! Mrs. Pettimore has identified a bit of an issue here."
What is an issue? Where is my tray of food? I'm hungry. I paid for my food. I didn't steal my food, Principal Turdin."
She smiled. "Of course not, you did not take anything here, Mr. Lurntee. And  you did pay for your tray of food. The food is cold now. After we finish our business, you can return back into the lunch room. I will provide you with the meal. But we must first find out where this coin came from."
He frowned. "I just told you. I got these coins from my dad this morning."
She nodded. "All right! That's fine and dandy, Mr. Lurntee. We will contact your mother and tell her about the matter.
He sneered and stomped his foot. "No! My mother didn't give me the money. My dad did. He gave me the money. I just told you that."
"I understand that. But your father is at his working job, this morning, is he not?"
He gasped in shock. "Well, yeah!"
The entrance door opened and revealed a tall overweight middle-aged woman. She stopped and stood a few feet from the open doorway, smiling down at the fifth grader. "Tanee, you are here. Well, I'm glad to see you in here."
The principal and Mrs. Pettimore turned and gasped at the middle-aged woman. The principal frowned. "Mrs. Lurntee, well, I'm glad to see you here at the school. There is an urgent matter that I need to discuss with you. But why are you here at the elementary school?"
Mrs. Lurntee wore a yellow tinted ankle-length dress and a smile with a full face of pale skin that sweated in the heat, lifting up a brown paper bag, nodding with a smile to the principal. "O! I notice this bringing your lunch for school, Tanee. You forget your lunch. Why did you forget your lunch bag? You are a growing boy and need to eat a nourishing meal every day." She extended her hand with the paper bag to her son. He stared at the paper bag of food without speaking or touching the paper like it was a wiggling snake.
The cashier frowned and pointed at the paper bag, "What is that?"
Mrs. Lurntee smiled. "This is his lunch meal in a paper sake for the school day."
"But your son had purchased a tray of hot fresh food, this morning, for his daily meal."
She smiled. "No!"
"Yes, he purchased a tray of food."
She frowned and dropped her arm with the paper bag. "O! So, I'm too late. You can eat the food inside the paper bag as your snack this afternoon after your school session, Tannee."
The principal nodded with a smile. "Mrs. Lurntee, I am so glad that you have arrived here at the school today. We have a new discovery here that we need to show and discuss," she waved the mother over into the loose huddle of Diddoit, Tannee, the cashier and the principal.
Mrs. Lurntee nodded with a smile and moved into the huddle. "O! What kind of discovery?" She stopped and stood beside her son.
The cashier extended her hand and pointed down at the coins. "These coins were used to pay for Tannee's lunch meal today. Inside the coinage, I discovered an unique coin. This coin is worth more than the standard American valuable."
"Well, that's nice and all. But what does that handful of change or that coin have to do with my son."
"Your son had paid his lunch meal with this set of coinage. I immediately discovered the treasure.  One of the coins is a true collector's item. I wanted to show you this special coin and then return it back to you for safekeeping, Mrs. Lurntee."
Mrs. Lurntee frowned down at the coins and then her son. "What is she talking about, Tannee? You never bring money to school." The student shook his bone skull in silence.
The door opened and revealed a tall, slender middle-aged woman. She moved inside with a smile and stopped a few feet from the archway. Then a taller elderly male with gray hair and a walking cane entered next standing beside the woman. They both moved ahead and stopped, standing in the huddle, nodding to each person in silence.
The principal looked up and frowned at the new mother. "Hello, Mrs. Duchock and elderly Mr. Duchock! May I ask what the both of you are doing here?"
A line of students slowly moved down the hallway in a semi-crooked column coming back from the lunch room, heading back towards the classroom. A red-haired, pink-skinned elementary boy smiled and broke from the line, running ahead, colliding into his mother. He hugged her legs and shouted out loud with happiness. "Mom!" He back stepped and held her hand, looking up with a grin at her face.
She dropped down and smiled at her son. "I love you, Alick. I came here to eat lunch with my son. He invited me last week."
Alick smiled. "Yeah, yeah, I did. You remembered. But I ate my lunch."
The principal nodded. "The second graders are served their lunch meal at nine-thirty, right before their short nap time. I am sorry, Mrs. Duchock. But you have missed the lunch period. But you are welcomed to come back on Monday morning."
Mrs. Lurntee leaned down and stared at her son, pointing at the money in the palm of the cashier. "Where did you got that money, Tannee? You are not allowed to bring money to school. You bring the paper bag of your lunch to school for food consumption. How did you get that money? Where did this money come from, Tannee?" Her son stared down at the tile floor without speaking.
Mrs. Duchock whispered words to her son with a smile while ignoring the other individual within the loose huddle.
The elderly Mr. Duchock leaned over and pointed down with a smile at the pile of coin. "That's quite a piece of true historical treasure there, Mrs. Pettimore. That's an original Confederate coin. Where did it come?"
The cashier looked up and smiled at the elderly grandfather. "We are trying to determine that information. Tannee had paid for his lunch meal and used the pile of loose change. He must've thought the ancient dollar was a quarter."
 Mrs. Lurntee frowned and pointed at the pile of coins that still rested in the palm of the cashier. "Where did you get that pile of money, Tannee? Did you take money from your father's wallet or my purse? I hope not. That is called stealing. And we do not approve of stealing, Tannee. What is going on here? Where did you get that money?"
"No ma'am!" Tannee continued to stare down at the floor with a worried brow.
Mr. Duchock continued to pointed down at the coin with a smile. "Alick, please, come over here and look at this fantastic ancient coin. I have one just like that too. Accept at the moment, I can't..." he chuckled. Second grader red-haired, pink-skinned Alick Duchock separated from his mother and stood beside his grandfather without seeing the coin in the palm of the cashier with a stern face without words. His grandfather continued to point down at the coin with a smile and nodded his bone skull.
Mrs. Lurntee stood upright and turned to see Mr. Duchock. "If you had owned this collector's item, then where did you purchase it?"
He turned to face Mrs. Lurntee and nodded with a smile. "Well, I did not purchase my Confederation coin. It was an inherited item from my grandfather. Any type of collector's item, like, this, are usually passed down by generation from generation and then kept within the family for the future Southern babies. It was the Southern people that possessed these coins before, during, and after the Civil War. Then after that terrible war, each coin was worthless other than the degree of silver minerals. Today, each coin is owned and stored. Or it has been collected and then traded for monies."
She gasped in shock and nodded to the elderly man, returning back, looking down at the palm on the cashier. She pointed down at the pile of loose coins with a frown and stared down at her son, saying with a firm motherly tone. "We have never owned a collector coin ever. Where did you get that Confederation coin which is made of valuable silver mineral, Tannee?"
Tannee looked up with a smirk and jabbed a finger at Hayne sneering out loud. "He! He gave it to me, Hayne."
Each adult gasped in shock and turned staring down at the red-tinted hair roots on the second grader in silence.
Mrs. Duchock squatted down with a worried brow and hugged her son, pointing at the point of coins, saying with a soft timber, "Alick, is that act true? Did you give that Confederate coin to Tannee?"
Alick viewed and sounded with a soft sneer at Tannee that only the fifth grader could see and then looked down staring down at the floor, clearing his throat, saying with a nervous voice. "Yes, ma'am. I did that act."
She gasped in shock. "What!"
Grandfather Duchock dropped down on one kneecap and stared at the nose profile on his grandson. "Alick, I hope you are not fibbing here. I, your parents, the teachers do not approve of fibs."
Alick looked up with tears in his eyeballs and stared at his grandfather, "I am not fibbing, sir. I do not fib, sir."
His grandfather nodded and gasped in shock. "All right! You do not fib. But I do not understand here, Alick. I have accidentally misplaced my Confederation coin. So, I do not understand how you could have taken it without my permission and without finding the item first?"
He wiped the tears of deceit and smiled with a nod. "I found it, Grandpa. I found it on the floor underneath ...
"...the long sofa cushions," he gasped in shock and nodded with a smile to his grandson, patting the collar bone on Alick. He stood upright with a stern face and pointed down at the Confederation coin, nodding at the principal. "That is truly my Confederation coin. I had taken my coin to Hayne's house and showed off like a silly fool to his father and my grandson, sitting down on the safe. Well, I guess the coin had slipped out when I wiggled around the sofa cushions. When I returned back home, I had discovered later that night that the coin was missing from the pocket of my trouser as I was undressing for bedtime. Now, I do believe my grandson Hayne. And he has found my lost Confederation coin. So, the question is: why did Alick give away my Confederation coin to his friend Tannee?  Hmm!" He turned with a stern face and crossed his arms, standing down at his grandson.
Alick swallowed back the bile building up inside his tight throat. "Well, me and Tannee are friends. So, I gave it to him!"
Tannee bounced up and down, jabbing a finger with a wicked grin at Alick. "Yeah! Yeah! We are great friends. He gave me the coin. So, that's my coin. My coin! I used my coin and purchased my food. I'm hungry. I wanna go and get some food, Principal Turdin," he stopped bouncing and rubbed his fat stomach with a nod.
Mrs. Duchock gasped in shock at her son, "What! Why would you do that act, Alick? That valuable coin belonged to your grandfather, not you. That coin was not your property to give away to anyone including your person."
Alick turned and gasped at his mom. "Well, I'm sorry, Mom. I forgot the coin didn't belong to me." 
Grandfather Duchock studied Tannee and talked to his grandson, "Why did you give the coin to your friend, Tannee? Tannee, you are really a tall boy for a second grader."
"I'm in the fourth grade. I'm a fourth grader, not a second grader. I don't go to the second grade. I'm in the fourth grade." Tannee turned and sneered at Grandfather Duchock, slapping his chest with a nod.
Mrs. Duchock gasped in shock and turned to stare at Tannee, "I did not know that you knew any of the fourth graders here at the school, Tannee."
The principal nodded with a smile to each face. "Well, I guess we have figured out the..." 
A tall elementary girl displayed a head of black tinted long hair appeared and stopped, standing behind the back spine on Tannee, crossing her arms, smirking at the nose profile on the principal. "Principal Turdin, I can answer that question. Tannee forces all the younger children from the grades of first to third to give him and his three nasty friends all of their money coins. Else, they will beat up the kid on the playground when we all go outside and play. I know the truth. He violently threatened my little brother, who attends the second grade. When my brother told me with tears and asked me for money to pay off Tannee, I met with Tannee behind the tree and away from the teachers offering my own bodily threat on my kin," she laughed with Grandfather Duchock. "Poor Alick had been threatened with bodily harm by nasty Tannee and his three friends. So, he had no choice but to take the coin and pay the daily blockage passage or get beat up. And that kid that got a bloody nose last week had been hit by Tannee. I do hope you believe me and punish Tannee for his evil deeds."
The principal turned with a stern face and gasped at the fifth grade girl. "What! That situation could never exist here on this campus. Assistance principal Diddoit would see and then stop that wicked action before any child was hurt or threatened, Eydean. You have some upcoming apologies to lots of adults, young lady."
"Really!" The fifth grader smirked.
She growled. "What is that smirk on your face, young lady?"
The student laughed and pointed around the room. "Assistance Principal Diddoit is too busy stuffing her fat face with a box of fresh donuts sitting inside that rocking chair beside the wall here inside this lobby room, instead of outside in the heat watching each one of the precious children. Yes, she would stop that wicked action, if she was doing her paid job as I repeat the words from my smart daddy."
The principal sneered and then ordered to the cashier. "Go and collect Assistant Principal Diddoit!"
"I am here, Principal Turdin. What is the issue?" The queen-sized, pale-skinned elderly woman stopped with panted breathes and stood beside student Eydean, nodding with a stern face at her supervisor."
She laughed with a nod, "O! Well, that was fast. Assistant Principal Diddoit, we have a little issue here that you might been able to assist me with."
She nodded without a smile and internal frowned at the new assignment. She had eaten two trays of food experimenting a slick stomach ache while desiring to go back to her private office with a short nap, after the lunch meal, each student was tired and usually took a nap or went outside working out all the new energy. She was not required to be present for any child watch. She stated without emotion. "I can try, Principal Turdin."
The principal nodded with a stern face. "I have a new situation here. This is an incredible story, Eydean. I have received some disturbing information a few moments ago. One older elementary child has been harassing other younger children inside the courtyard before the beginning of the school bell. I wanted to know if you have seen any signs of that evil type of activity here at the school campus, any morning, Assistant Principal Diddoit."
"No!" She said without emotion and a head movement. 
The principal nodded with a smile. "That is an excellent answer, Assistant Principal Diddoit. Now, student Eydean, I do believe that you are speaking out loud and out of turn without one single ounce of physical evidence against your fellow student. I do plan to thoroughly investigate from your fictional story. In the meantime, we have solved the mystery with the valuable Confederation coin. Alick freely give the stolen coin to his friend Tannee. So, Tannee freely used his new coin and purchased his food tray which had to be deposed while I continued to seek the truth..."
Eydean uncrossed and then waved her both of her arms in the air, shouting out loud with a sour frown at the adult, dropping both of her arms and slapped her uniform, "Principal Turdin, I do..."
She turned and frowned at the student. "Hush, Eydean! You are not allowed to interrupt an adult at any time. Your parents have taught you that rude social behavior along with your teachers. I will talk with you and your parents later this afternoon, after I call them into my office," the principal returned back and smiled with a nod to each adult. "Well, I am so sorry for the messy issue here, Mrs. Lurntee and Tannee..."
"Eydean!" A new black haired, pale skinned shorter student appeared from the line of walking students and stood beside Eydean, pointing at Tannee with a sneer. "Did you tell all of the adults about Tannee, Eydean? He wanted money from me. Or he would beat me up later. I was scared and afraid."
"I did not." Tannee spun around and sneered down at the smaller student.
The short student nodded and continued to shout out loud, jabbing a finger at Tannee, "Yeah, you did. I told my sister that I was going to be beaten up by you. Then she told you that she would beat your butthole instead. Then Tannee didn't threat me anymore. But he hit my friend and hit his nose. HIs nose poured out blood. It was so yucky." Each adult gasped in alarm.
Before an adult comment spat from a pair of parted lips, another new short student appeared and stood beside the first short student, bumping into his friend, jabbing a finger at Tannee. "Tannee is in trouble. Dewy. Dewy. Dewy. He hit my friend. Dewy. Dewy. Dewy."
Before an adult comment spat from a pair of parted lips again, a third new shorter student appeared and stood beside the second short student, bumping into her friend, jabbing a finger at Tannee. "He did it. He's a meanie. He hit my friend..."
The rest of the second graders appeared and surrounded their classmates, jabbing a finger at Tannee, yelling at him. Each adult gasped in alarm and stared at each yelling younger child.
The principal frowned with embarrassment and clapped her hands, "Quiet! Please, quiet in here! Teachers, please remove each child from the lobby and return all of them back into your classroom immediately. I will handle this new matter with most urgency." Each teacher slowly shuffled the group of child herding the kids back down the hallway as the lobby space room turned back into silence, except for the fifth grader Eydean. She continued to stand in place and smirked down at Tannee, who had threatened her brother and all of the other little kids which was wrong. 
The principal turned and sneered at the Assistant Principal Diddoit. "Assistant Principal Diddoit, you told all of us that you did not eye witness any type of harassment in the courtyard in the morning, before the school bell. Now, I have heard from entire grade class some terrible information that has been occurring here on the mornings on the school campus? What do you have to say about all of those terrible words coming from each tiny voice from each tiny child, Assistant Principal Diddoit?"
Eydean jabbed a finger at the entrance wall and nodded with a stern face. "Assistant Principal Diddoit didn't eye witness any of these evil acts, because she was sitting there inside that rocking chair here inside the cool lobby space eating her box of donuts, while my little brother was being harassed by Tannee every morning and his classmate friend had been hit in the face by Tannee also. She should be outside watching over all of the school children from a bully and bullies."
Assistant Principal gasped in shock and turned to sneer down at the fifth grader.
The principal gasped in shock and growled at her employee, "Stop harassing that student, right now, Assistant Principal Diddoit. You and I will be having a private in-depth conversation with the campus security guards, right after this incident has been recorded, documented, and settled." She turned and stared with a stern face down at the rear skull on Tannee, looking up with a nod to Eydean. "Tannee, I have heard some terrible words coming from an entire grade and an older fifth grader, who is a very good academic student, where I am leaning into her story. Is there something you want to tell me here?"
Mrs. Lurntee gasped in shock and stomped her feet, snarling at the principal. "Stop this! Tannee has done nothing wrong here. That little boy is a great big ugly liar..."
...along with his entire classmates. Yeah, I get it, now," Grandfather Duchock laughed out loud and turned with a wink down at Alick.
The principal turned and frowned at Alick. "Alick, you have lied to us. Please, tell the adults the truth here. I do not believe that you are a friend of a fourth grader. So, what is the truth here?"
Eydean cleared her throat and stomped her feet, waving both of her arms in the air, raising her voice at the adults. She dropped both of her arms and slapped her walking shorts, nodding to the adult, "Principal Turdin, I do not lie either. I always tell the truth in respect of my parents and my Lord Jesus. And I am the child here, not the adult. As an adult, you must keep an open mind when talking with children, who are both innocent and precious in the eyes of Lord Jesus. Alick, he is afraid to tell the truth in front you and his family members and strangers and I would also do that too. However, I am here to protect Alick as I am a minor child, like him, too. So, I will answer his question for you with truth and proof."
"What proof are you referencing, young lady?" The principal sneered.
She pointed at Tannee. "Tannee is the one, who holds the truth and the proof. Check his pockets on his walking shorts!"
Mrs. Lurntee reached up and hugged her son into her body, wearing a sour frown. "No! I refuse to indulge this minor child, who is against my son."
She continued to point at Tannee, "Tannee, both of his pockets are filled with numerous coins. Empty your pockets, Tannee!"
"No!" Tannee sneered and hugged his mom, shaking his blonde tinted bone skull, staring down at the floor.
Principal Turdin frowned. "Mrs. Lurntee, I would like to point out that this is private property which is guarded by local, state and federal laws here in the USA. And a strong issue of bodily threats has surfaced here on the school's property. As the principal official of this school, I must investigate a bodily threat to one or more of my innocent students. I do believe the tiny voices from Eydean and the other children that have shouted out their concerns in the air and into the eardrums of numerous adults, right here and right now, here, inside the lobby space. And smart Eydean has proposed a solution to this issue. Tannee, do you possess any additional coins inside one or both of your pockets?"
Tannee started to sob with tears and hugged his mother tighter with worry. His mother hugged her son and then pulled down, squatting with worry, staring into his tear-stained face. "Tannee, honey! I do not like the treatment of your person by this nasty principal. We will leave from here and report your terrible abusive treatment to the police station around the corner and file an abuse threat on you and all the children here at his school."
The principal gasped in shock and sneered down at the blonde colored hair roots on Mrs. Lurntee, "How you dare accuse me of abuse, ma'am?"
Mrs. Lurntee looked up and sneered at the principal. "My child is innocent here. And I will prove it to each nasty person hanging around here inside this lobby room," she reached down and patted one of the pockets on the walking shorts of her son, gasping in shock, reaching inside the same pocket. She pulled out a handful of coins and looked down with confusion. "What is this? Where did all of coins come from?" She dropped the handful of coins down on the floor that splattered with tiny tings and scattered around the tile floors, continuing to search the other pocket, finding more coins.
Eydean crossed her arms and nodded to the principal. "Tannee, he is the true criminal here and has exposed his crimes. He likes to brag on the playground too. Every morning, he robs the monies from the children and buys numerous snacks and plate of food for his fat tummy while some robbed of students do not eat a snack or a plate of food. He tells everyone that cares to listen that he keeps all of his treasure inside his pockets. After school, he goes home and hides the money from his pockets underneath his bed frame, so his mommy can't see it. Then every morning, he gets it from the floor and hides down into his pockets again, so mommy didn't know. He started robbing all of the younger students on the second day of school."
Mrs. Lurntee knelt down on both of her two fat kneecaps and stared down at the shining coins inside her cupped palm while exhaling with worry, sobbing with tears about her troubled son. Tannee started sobbing with tears of trouble, without words.
Principal Turdin gasped in shock along with the other adults clearing her throat. "Well, I must apology to you, Mrs. Duchock, elderly Mr. Duchock, and young Alick Duchock. I am wrong. Alick has been a victim of a crime by a student criminal. I want to give back the stolen Confederation coin to Mr. Duchock. Give him the coin, Mrs. Pettimore." The cashier picked out the coin and handed to Mr. Duchock with a smile. He accepted the coin and nodded with a smile. "Mrs. Lurntee, I am so sorry that all of this mess has spilled out over the floor. But I must insist that you and you son to accompany me into my office. I must call the police."
Grandfather Duchock shook his gray haired bone skull with a frown, "No! Please do not that do, Principal Turdin! Spilled milk serves no purpose for anyone but making a mess on a clean floor. The truth has been revealed. I have back my misplaced Confederation coin. Alick should have told his parents or me about his terrible abuse here at the school property and should not taken a piece of property that did not belong to him, without an explanation to his parents or me. Everyone is guilty here, not innocent. Please, let us learn here and set forth our hearts with kindness of love and light and  peace and joy, not hate or revenge in the words of our Savior Jesus Christ, our Heavenly Father, the Holy Spirit, and all of our heavenly angels. What do you say, Principal Turdin?"
"Thank you for the wise and kind words from our Makers. I will do that. Thank you, Mr. Duchock! Eydean, thank you for your truthful words. Eydean, please, return back to your classroom and ask your teacher to call me on your mobile telephone for an explanation of your current absence from the class course." Eydean nodded with a smile and spun around moving back to her classroom in silence. The principal turned and nodded to Alick. "Alick, please, slowly walk back to your classroom and announce your victory to the teacher, not your classmates. Okay?" He nodded with a smile and leaned over, hugging his mom, pulling back with laughter.
His mom squatted down and hugged her son, kissing his cheekbone, pulling back with a stern face. "I am so glad for the happy ending here, today, Alick. But you, me, your dad, and grandfather will being having a new discussion of truth and justice, when you return back home today. Do you understand me?"
He nodded with a stern face. "Yes, ma'am! I was wrong; but I learned. And my guardian angel saved me from that bully boy too. I love you, Mommy."
She gasped in shock and then smiled. "I am so happy that you prayed to Lord Jesus and your guardian angels for help, since you didn't trust your parents. I am sorry that you didn't feel comfortable talking to me. But that is all going to change starting right now and right here, honey.  I love you, Alick. Get back into the classroom and learn something new today.
"Yes, ma'am!" He back stepped with smile at his mom and his grandfather, spinning around, racing down an empty hallway with happiness, returning into his classroom.
On the entrance wall beside the open door, the trio of angels continued to stand without touching the wall. Prudence was clapping with a smile, wiggling side to side, watching the red-haired elementary child that had revealed the truth to all of the adults and the trio of angels too. The unknown male and female continued to stand and smiled down at the human child, in silence, without clapping or whistling.
On the lobby space, Mrs. Duchock and Grandpa Duchock stood upright from the floor and nodded with a smile to the school principal, spinning around, exiting the lobby room and left the campus.
Principal Turdin turned and nodded with a smile to the elderly man and each adult, spinning around, pointing upstairs that led into her office space to Assistant Principal Diddoit, Mrs. Lurntee, and her son Tannee with a firm discussion of stealing and bodily threats. She spun around with a stern face and led her staff members and the Lurntee family members.
The lobby space emptied out with humans as Prudence turned and smiled at the pair of unknown angels. "Well, that ended very well for all parties but that nasty little boy named Tannee. Did you give that kid that rare collector's coin? No! You gave that kid a nickel. I thought you give that kid the collector's coin. But you were clever giving him the extra nickel and the confidence to stand up to that bully and his parents. That was really slick, man...angel! Do we as angels perform that type of tricks all the time to help the human race?"
The unknown male and female turned and nodded to Prudence in silence. The unknown female asked. "Do you remember now, Prudence?"
Prudence frowned at each teen with that weird question and shook her curls, "No! I do not remember any type of event like this. Am I supposed to remember an event like this? Because I do not remember any type of event like this." 
The female nodded with a smile, "I am so sorry," she spun around and moved through the solid glass door without injury.
"Me, too!" The male nodded with a stern face to Prudence and then spun around, following behind the unknown female.
Inside the lobby space, the room was empty with humans and sound except for Prudence. She gasped in alarm and quickly spun around, racing ahead through the solid glass door and then stopped underneath the veranda. She spun around and smiled at the solid object. "Wow! That was cool! I didn't feel a thing. Did you see that there? I ran ahead and went through that door. Of course, I am an angel now," she swung around and frowned at the back spine on each unknown male and female, quickly dashing ahead in excitement, waving both of her arms in the air. "Hey! Wait up for me! What is your name? Where are we going next? What am I doing here? What am I learning here?"
In the short distance, the unknown pair halted and then spun around presenting a smile to Prudence.
The unknown female nodded. "Do you remember, now, Prudence?"
Prudence stopped with a stern face and shook her curls without answering.
The unknown male exhaled with disappointment and pointed up to the sky staring at Prudence, "Don't look up!"
Prudence frowned at the unknown pair with confusion and then looked up with puzzlement. A piece of bird poo landed down inside her eyeball. She screamed in pain and the stumbled down onto the grass which wasn't grass, falling through space and time, landing down on top of a plot of white tinted sand.
The new environment displayed a plot of white tinted smooth sand inside an oval-shaped arena that held an assortment of tiny white tinted objects sitting on top of the grass. She looked down and gasped in shock at the items. "Is that fangs from a dog? Or are these human fangs?"
Prudence looked up and gasped in alarm, without standing. She had fallen down through time and space and then landed on her kneecap inside an ancient but completely intact Roman Coliseum. She scanned the ancient structure in awe and whispered for her eardrums only. "The most magnificent of the Roman amphitheaters was the Colosseum that had been started by Emperor Vespasian and then inaugurated by Emperor Titus in the year 80 A.D. Yup! This looks real within my two eyeballs and sounds really loud within my two eardrums."
The ancient but intact Roman Coliseum held 50,000 individuals, who stood upright from the hard concrete bench and flung both arms in the air, screaming down at Prudence for some weird reason. Each attendee was dressed in a short-sleeved or sleeveless ankle-length tunic in stark white fabric.
Then her two nose holes smelled the foul odor, before seeing the circle of beasts. "O! Now, I understand. I am too late. There is an underground passage with a sub-structure of stationary vertical ramps and a manual system of pulley-drawn cages that allows animals to come up through a trapdoor into the arena. I see a circle of tigers that sniff my foreign odor and then lick their long pink tinted tongue or softly stare and growl at my physical body. Geez! Now, I understand the sandy ground. My spilled blood proteins will become absorbed down into the sand like cat pee. This is really a terrible situation for me. I think I'm going to die again. I think that I have been dying before and then coming back to life for some weird reason. 
"I am kneeling down in sand and participating in one of the ancient gladiatorial games against my Free Will and my involuntarily emotions of angry and fright and flight. A gladiatorial game had been introduced in the city of Rome in the year 264 B.C. and used in a sacrificing the spirits of dead or pleasing the spirits of the dead or pissing off the spirits of the dead with a blood ritual that usually involved human and animal blood proteins." She slowly survey the circle of tan colored lions that were sitting on the sand or lounging on top of the sand. Some were staring at her body. The others were licking a paw ignoring Prudence.
Within the circular hard concrete bleachers among the bright sunlight, the massive crowd of Roman citizens were standing, sweating, and cheering while tossing down individual rose petals to Prudence and the circle of lions. The lions ignored the idol worship.
On the side of the arena, below the royal skybox with a sitting emperor and his empress, a long plank extended from the stadium and floated a few feet over the white sands without a ladder for an escape for Prudence. On top of the extended plank, a tall muscular male stood alone and was draped in a white tinted ankle-length toga with a golden wreath of painted tree leaves on top of his hair roots and a pair of white tinted sandals over his naked feet, standing six feet and six inches in height with a head with a Mediterranean tawny complexion, a head of short curly black colored hair on a heart-shaped face, an aristocratic nose, a pair of chiseled cheekbones, and a set of turquoise colored eyes.
He stood beside a tall young female who wore a white tinted ankle-length gown that was gathered around at her fit waistline and a pile of sparkling rubies, emeralds, and sapphires on her naked throat in the form of a golden necklace. Both of  her naked arms rattled with dozens of wrist bone golden bracelets and her tiny golden tinted tiara that glittered in her silver tinted hair roots that matched the gem stone in her necklace. Each finger wore an individual golden tinted ring with a ruby or an emerald or a sapphire stone. She cupped her arm around his arm and smiled down at the arena. She stood six feet and zero inches in height. Her body frame slender was painted in an olive skin tone  and her long waistline hair was silver colored with a pair of grey colored eyes.
The unknown tall male smiled and shouted out loud as his voice carried over the empty air waves. "Welcome, citizens! We have a special presentation today. A criminal is present and will fight with a circle of lions. I do wish her well. But, well, hell is probably waiting for her damaged soul. Enjoy the show! Let the game begin!" A set of loud trumpets played out loud and disturbed the air waves and the circle of lions. Each lion stood upright from the sands and started at the new prey in the middle of the arena grounds.
Prudence did not move or sneer or spoke but continued to kneel down on top of the sands, slowly turning a face to see each lion, whispering for her eardrums only. "I am not the prey. I am not the bait. I am a girl and I am in trouble. What is happening to me? I didn't understand. I thought I had died and then became a heavenly angel standing with the other two angels. Now, I don't think so. I am not an angel. An angel does not bleed or plea or beg. So, I must be a human girl again, but I have died yet again. This string of events do make any sense within my brain cells."
On top of the extended plank, a tall male smiled and shouted out loud without waving any of his arms. "I can clearly see that the prey needs some encouragement. The circle of lions are ready and willing for some heated action. Please clap and encourage the prey to respond." The audience of citizens continued to cheer and toss roses down into arena grounds. Each lion continued to stand and stayed stationary on top of the white stand while staring at Prudence.
She did not move but continued to stare at each lion while whispering for her eardrums. "Okay. This method is working, so far. If I do not annoy the lions, then I can live to see the sunrise or another sunset or another terrible event within my nightmare dream-state."
On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "The prey is still not encouraged. Then we should encourage the circle of lions. Please cheer louder!"
"O no!" Prudence gasped in alarm.
The massive crowd of citizens started yelling out loud, waving their arms in the air, and tossing down a series of hard objects at each one of the lions. Some of the hard objects missed the lion. The other flying hard objects that hit a lion made the lion roar out loud and spun around, pawing at the group of citizens. The citizens laughed and continued to tease each lion without mercy.
 On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "I can clearly see that the circle of lions are indeed encouragement and ready and willing for some heated action. Please encourage the criminal to respond." The wild and cheering crowd started tossing down an array of rotten fruit items down at Prudence. Others were tossing down short wooden staves and hard metal objects trying to hit and then injury Prudence without success. She was located in the center of the massive arena grounds.
Prudence continued to kneel without movement or screams of terror and then softly chuckled. "I'm staying put right here and right now. If I do not move, then the lions will not attack. I wonder how long I can kneel here before someone shoots me with an arrow."
On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "I wonder how long the criminal will pray for forgiveness from our emperor and our empress. However, I can clearly see that the circle of lions are indeed encouragement and ready and willing for some heated action. But the criminal is not responding to the command to start the game. Please, bring out the royal archers for some additional excitement!" The wild and cheering crowd bounced up and down. On top of the coliseum platform, an array of archers appeared and reared back the bow,  aiming an individual sharp arrow without mercy at a kneeling Prudence.
Prudence slowly turned to see the line of archers and gasped in alarm, leaping up from the sands, dashing ahead towards the side wall. Along the side wall, there was a line of extended pole that held a flag for decoration. At the moment, each pole was twenty feet apart and empty without a flag. The circle of lions sprinted from its position and dashed ahead like a pack of hunger dogs for the single prey. She raced ahead with a set of gritted teeth and leaped up from the sand as the first lion almost reached her and reached out, swatting his massive paw with sharp claws striking the tail end of her long gown. 
Prudence wrapped her long body around the vertical pole and held tight as each lion gathered in a circle and swatted at is prey. some of the more aggressive lions fought with each other over the single prey for the permanent death kill.
 On top of the extended plank, the tall, dark-skinned, and dark-haired young male laughed and shouted out loud. "Now, the game is in motion. I wonder what the criminal is thinking right now. I know. How do I persuade a hunger lion from ripping off my bones and chewing my flesh into death? How do I beat a hunger lion with a mouth of sharp fangs? Or do I hang around the pole for the rest of the day?"
Above the pole, the group of citizens crawled over the concrete platform and started tossing hard objects down at Prudence. Each hard object, that hit Prudence, produced a black tinted bruise on my arm or sliced a nasty red bloody wound cut into her facial tissue. She couldn't hang into the pole much longer as the group of wild and crazy citizens were going to beat her to death or worse knock her unconscious, where she would drop down into the huddle of hunger lions. She wiggled sideways and stood upright on top of the pole balancing on her naked feet, extending one arm. She used the other arm to bat back each hard object from her face. she dropped down and shoved her legs into her chest using both of her arms to rotate around the horizontal pole completing numerous flips. Then she released both of her cupped hands and flew ahead through the air moving away from the crowd and the huddle of fighting lions, soaring toward the second pole. Her flight distance will be too short. she directed her legs down towards the sands and rolled her body into a tight ball, slamming her feet down on the soft ground, feeling the shocking impact and stopped on top of the sands on her back spine. She quickly stood upright from the sands and raced ahead with puffs of worry running around the edge of the arena. 
On top of the extended plank, the tall male laughed and shouted out loud. "There she goes. She flies through the air like a Roman goddess. Wow! That was an awesome feat of athleticism. Can a Roman citizen do better than that? That criminal is very skill both physically and intellectually. She has managed to think through her horrible problem and overcome the obstacles in the face of permanent death. Run away, criminal! Run faster, criminal! The lions has spotted your racing form." The crowd of citizens continued to wildly cheer and tossed down individual rose petals on top of the white sands. The huddle of lions were not quick enough underneath the extended pole and watched Prudence escape from their lunchtime meal. Each lion ran into each other and then separated from the pack leaping up from the sands, landing down on the ground, racing after the single prey.
Prudence raced across the side wall of the coliseum and stayed away from the lions. Some of the lions were smarter and split from the racing group, spinning around, dashing in the opposite direction. The split group of lions aimed to box Prudence on one side of wall and then attack her body.
On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "That criminal exhibits mind over matter. Does any really know what that expression means? I have heard that expression all of my life. A mind is an active organ of electrons that send signals down and throughout the body which makes the body run or walk or stop or dance or climb. A piece of matter is an apple or a wooden club or a sharp sword. So, how does the mind over matter, if the piece of matter is a sword. I do not know. Does anyone know?"
Prudence continued to race around the concrete blood-stained wall inside of the arena and looked back over her collar bone seeing one group of chasing lions that were gaining fast. She returned back and exhaled with deep worry seeing a second group of charging lions that were also gaining fast on her body. She continued to run and picked up speed as each group of lions raced closer to her body. The two individual groups of lions were so close that Prudence could smell their foul staunch of dirty fur and see their two beady eyeballs that danced with a death kill on the single prey. She leaped up from the dirt and flew through the air over the extended pole. The crowd of citizens gasped in shock without clapping or cheering.
 Her slick flight maneuver did not fool the groups of lions. Each lion leaped up from the sands and flew through the air, pawing the air at Prudence. She had leaped higher than the group of single-minded mammals and cleared the pole by ten feet. However, the pack of lions in the air could not maneuver their heavier mammal body like a light-weight human girl and then collided into each other, pawing the other faces and bodies, roaring with annoyance at the other lions, dropping down on the sands with injuries. Some of the smarter lions jerked its heavier mammal body to the side in the air and then landed down on the row of soft bodies of the Roman citizens, roaring in angry, slashing their sharp claws into the tender flesh and producing blood as the other safe citizens roared in wild cheers and laughter. Each lion attacked and started to eat the soft flesh on the dead or dying citizen.
The other group of falling lions hit the sands in injury and slowly limped away from the group in pain and suffering finding a dark shadow to lick away the wound. The other falling lions hit the sands or another lion staring to fight and tear apart the mammal into pieces of fur and blood.
On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "Did you see that slick maneuver, folks? Did you see that incredible feat of athleticism? The criminal is very smart and cunning. She jumped up from the sands like a frog and flew through the air like a bird, and landed down on the sands like a cat without breaking a sweat or bruising her body. What an incredible athletic? Or, maybe, the criminal really is a Roman goddess in disguise. Maybe, she is here to test our loyalty as a Roman citizen. For the folks that are getting eaten by the lions, don't worry about a thing. The coliseum mangers did not sue for making a bloody mess." The audience of citizens laughed at the sour joke and continued to scream, yell, cheer, clap and point down at the dying citizen without help or mercy. The groups of lions continued to fight and kill each other. The other injured lions found a safe spot and tended to their wounds.
Prudence halted with a set of heavy breaths and spun around with a smile. No lion was chasing her butthole. No citizen was tossing a hard object down her hair roots. She knelt down and calmed her shaky soul, exhaling out a set of sour breathes, inhaling gulps of fresh air.
On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "Well, the show is not over with yet, folks. We will take a commercial break right now. The coliseum workers need to remove the injured and dead lions and then replace with a group of fresh lions that are healthy enough to continued the show and eventually capture and kill the criminal prey. Everyone, go to the bathroom or go and get some fresh corndogs," he laughed with amusement.
On the side walls, a set of hidden gates shuffled upward and revealed a group of workers. Each worker jogged out into the arena and dragged a dead lion from the sands. Or the worker shoot an arrow into the heart of the injured lion killing the beast and then dragged the dead mammal from the arena.
Prudence sneered with hate for the bad treatment of the injured lions, whispering for  her eardrums only. "That is a precious life form on the planet, not a piece of raw meat for cooking. I wished that I had the strength and courage to protect each injured lion. Yeah, then I would fight with the worker and kick his booty back into the depths of the coliseum walls. yeah, I wanna protect the weak and become the strong and help both people and animals, not witness torment and torture of both innocent people and animals. I am innocent here of any criminal crimes. I really don't know why I am here. But I am here to stay or pray or do something. I can feel it."
On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "Potty break has concluded. Every one, hurry up and return back to your non-blood stained hard bench with or without your food tray. The coliseum workers had killed the roaming lions and some of the dying citizens also creating numerous vacates in the front rows. However, I would not advise setting too close to the platform. That criminal might perform one of her goddess feats and leap up into your lap and kill your face," he laughed out loud. The group of citizens shove and pushed moving back into their paid seat with a tray of food, waiting for the game to begin. He shouted out loud. "Now, I am being signaled that the arena is cleared of dead animals but thick puddles wet blood proteins that shine among the white sand grains. The criminal is alone and kneeling down in the sands. Now, the side wall of doors is open as a line of more hunger lions enter into the arena. Now, the fun begins!" The crowd of citizens did not cheer but continued to eat watching the parade of lions. Each lion entered the arena and turned away from each other, forming a loose circle around the side wall again, sitting down on the sands without attacking but staring at Prudence.
Prudence continued to kneel on the top of sands and watched each lion while pondering her next move. The semi-circle of lions did not care to attack her body which was confusing within her brain cells. 
On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "The group of fresh and hunger lions are ready and willing to fight and then kill. The criminal has rested and is ready to play the death game. Let the game begin!" An array of flying arrows with a blazing fire tip launched from each archer and arched through the air waves turning downward, aiming at each lion. Each lion smelled the fireball and looked up in panic, racing ahead from the side wall, running towards Prudence.
She gasped in shock and slowly stood upright from the sands while cursing at the row of archers, racing around the side wall again. The semi-crooked line of lions raced ahead. Some of the bigger lions break away from the pack and charged at Prudence. The crowd of citizens started to cheer and clap for the lions, of course.
On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "There she goes! There they come! This group of lions are working together as a pack team. However, some of the bigger lions have left the pack and are advancing onto the prey for the death kill. What is the criminal going to do? What feat of magic is the criminal going to perform as a Roman goddess right now?" The crowd of citizens stood and cheered for the victory of the lions.
Prudence halted beside the side wall and leaped up from the sands, landing and then balanced on top of the pole while staring at the lead lion. The lion leaped through the air and missed Prudence landing down in the crowd of citizens ripping apart the human flesh and bones, killing a couple of the Romans.
On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "Boom! The lion missed its intended target but found another one. Good for the lion! Don't panic, folks! The coliseum workers are on their way for the rescue. Just run away from the lion, until the mammal is killed. The criminal is still alive and balancing on that pole. How can she do that? Is she really a goddess? Only a goddess can stay alive with a pack of lions inside an enclosed arenas. This girl is special, ya'll." The crowd of citizens continued to stand and cheer while tossing rose petal and rotten fruit items and parts of their lunch items at the back spine on Prudence.
She continued to watch the pack of lions that raced closer. Another lion broke from the pack and charged at the prey, leaping up from the sands, spreading its long body in the air and blocked out the sunlight with its massive body and then collided directly into Prudence.
The lion and Prudence fell off the pole and landed hard down on the sands. The lion slashed at her face and then her arms cutting deep painful wounds into her tender cheekbone and her fleshy forearm producing red tinted blood proteins. She screamed in pain and grabbed onto the blonde tinted hairy mane on the lion, kicking her both of her naked feet into the furry stomach on the standing lion. The lion launched from her body and soared across the wind, landing down on top of the advancing pack of lions, scattering the pack.
Prudence continued to rest on top of the bloody sands and exhaled with exhaustion, whispering for her eardrums only. "I can't do this lion fighting much more. I gotta think of something else to save my soul. Or I am dead, again." 
On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud pointing down at Prudence. "Boom! The lion and the criminal connected. Did you see that? How did she do that? She tossed that heavy lion thirty feet in the air from her body. She is not moving. Is she dead? I don't think so. She is truly a goddess with goddess powers." The crowd continued to stand and cheer for the lions. Each lion stood upright from the sands and shook their hairy mane while growling at their team mate, slowly moving ahead and left the injured lion behind. The pack of lions raced ahead towards the single prey again.
Prudence rolled sideways and then slowly stood upright screaming out loud in pain, feeling her individual dripping heated blood proteins run down her smooth skin. She stared at the pack of lions and stared running ahead down the side wall away from the pack of lions.
On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "There she goes! There they come! She is running away but not fast enough. This is foot race for the lions, not the criminal. Come on, goddess! Show us another magical feat, girl!" The crowd of citizens continued to stand and cheer for the lions.
Prudence raced on the opposite side of the arena away from the lions. The pack of lions slowed their speed and then spun around, racing in the same direction as Prudence while chasing her butthole for the finally death kill.
 On top of the extended plank, the tall male smiled and shouted out loud. "This is it, folks! The ending is coming down on the criminal. There are not any more poles to balance or citizens to kill. She is dashing into the wall of hidden doors, where a new group of lions stand ready to charge her body, if she manages to kill this set of lions. But I doubt it! What is the goddess going to do next? Come on girl! Show us your strength! Show us your power! Show us your faith! I forget to mention here. The criminal is charged with the crime of worshipping a supernatural entity that believes in love, kindness, mercy, and faith. What a ridicule set of values? Do you agree with me?" The crowd of citizens continued to stand and cheered for the lions. The pack of lions continued to charge at Prudence without mercy while roaring their intend.
 She gasped in shock. "What did he just tell? I am a criminal and I have been charged with praying to the Source and showing love, kindness, and mercy to other people and animals. Well, I am guilty and I will die because I do believe in the Source and I hold faith of goodness and love and kindness." Prudence continued to run from the pack of hunger lion and screamed in fear. "This situation sorta reminds me of Daniel and the pack of wild lions inside a similar arena, like I am experiencing right here and right now. However, Daniel was an innocent man, like I am an innocent woman. He was a blameless fellow, like I am a blameless woman. Daniel was a god-like character, like I am a ..." she halted with a smile and spun around with a gasp. The group of lions charged in fury and slowly collided into each other while roaring at Prudence. She smiled and touched her bloody face. "I am not an angel. An angel does not bleed or plea or beg. I am not a human girl. I am something else. Yes, I am here inside this ancient arena to do something else, because I am something else," she lifted up both of her palms in the air and laughed out loud aiming her fingers at the pack of lions.
On top of the extended plank, the tall male gasped in shock and shouted out loud. "What is the criminal doing? Why is she standing alone and bold within the blood-stained sands without a weapon or a shield? Is she going to wish the lions away from her sweaty face? O! She is facing the musical notes as they say. She has resigned her mind to her death. This is her death stance. This is the end of the criminal, folks." He clapped for the death kill along with his girlfriend and laughed with the other crude and rude Roman citizens.
She whispered for her eardrums only. "I do not want to  harm you, lions. I do not want to get harmed by you, either, lions. So, I change the group of lions into a nice sweet group of tiny kittens." She wiggled her fingers and watched in awe. Her hands produced an invisible magical supernatural force that hit each running lion. Each lion skidded to a halt and swiftly morphed into a tiny yellow and white stripped tiny kitten that meowed in confusion and purred with delight, rubbing into each other.
Prudence laughed out loud and nodded with a smile of happiness, dropping down into a new hole within the sands falling through space and time, screaming in fury. She landed down hard on top of an orange tinted desert, sitting on her fanny.
She stood in place and wore a one-piece white tinted romper suit with a pair of white tinted athletic shoes without a hat or a pair of gloves or a pair of sunglasses, looking up, squinting at the bright sunlight. She looked down and scanned the new environment that displayed miles of orange tinted desert sands with a mountain range in the far distance. She whispered for her eardrums only. "I do not like this. I do not like this. Why am I here instead of there? What is the place? Where is this place? I wished another person was here with me and telling the new storyline. I do not understand any of this."
The sky was pale blue in hue without a single cloud. The ground was solid orange tint without a single scrub bush or flower stem.
In the close distance, a loud rumbling sound bombarded the quiet air waves. She continued to stand in place and sweated in the heated sunlight, turning with confusion, scanning the miles of orange tinted, dry landscape that provided swirls of colorful tiny wind tornados. She exhaled with confusion and looked down at the dirt, kicking the ground, creating a puff of dust that invaded her nose holes. She coughed out loud and heard the rumbling sound that grew loudly with both her curiosity and fear. Prudence looked up and squinted her two eyelashes where each eyeball viewed a tiny object through the bright sunlight and gasped in fear.
The object was a gigantic airplane with two individual cabins several feet apart that was attached to the largest pair of wings in the world. However, underneath the belly space on each vertical cabin, an array of small, medium, and large hard objects dangled down from the steel belly on the machine like a freaking spider from its silk web. 
Her two eyeballs adjusted to the bright sunlight rays and viewed a young female on the rooftop of one cabin walking back and forth like the brave girl was performing a type of plane-walking exhibition. The young female displayed a petite body frame with a head of long flowing strawberry-blonde colored hair, a pair of violet eyes, and a tone of pink tinted skin wearing a sleeveless, white-tinted, one-piece romper and a pair of naked feet.
On the rooftop of the second cabin, a tall young male wore the same one-piece romper and a pair of naked feet displaying a head of shoulder length blonde tinted hair, a pair of pale blue eyes, and tone of peachy-colored skin standing six feet and five inches in height.
The gigantic silver tinted airplane flew at a steady speed and was positioned at 5,000 feet in the skyline and above the miles of orange tinted dry desert soil heading towards Prudence.
She returned back and scanned the ground surface, the mountain range, and then clouds without seeing another person or speeding transport or a flying bird or a crawling lizard or even a flying insect in her face among the dry flat desert soil. She was alone and felt fearful and frightened.
Then a faint whistling noise sounded with the rumbling sound of the machine engines. 
Prudence looked up and gasped in shock. A pile of loose rock wrapped around a white tinted net had detached from the steel belly on the flying machine and dropped down with the aid of Earth's gravity towards the ground surface, coming directly at Prudence.
She continued to stand and laughed out loud watching the pile of rock. Each rock broke apart as its long term weathering and erosion effects formed an acidic concoction that dissolves each rock into a pile of dust, slowly drifting down to the ground surface. Prudence tossed both of her arms and laughed out loud. "You are dumb and dumber. A pile of rocks from the sky can't harm anyone, Bobo and Zobo the flying clown people.
A new object detached from the belly of the plane and tumbled down creating a new faint whistling sound. Prudence quickly identified the hard object as a common clothing iron that was used to press a set of wrinkled clothes. The iron devise was made of polished steel components that quickly disintegrated through the heated air waves and formed an array of tiny fireballs that slowly burned into an individual pile of gray tinted ashes that landed down in front of Prudence.
She laughed again and stared at the airplane talking to the two stupid supernatural creatures. "You miss me again! Is this really a game or an entertainment program? I'm hot and heated and sweaty and dirty. And I am getting hunger.
The next object dropped down and tumbled through the air with a soft whistling sound. A dark wooden dining room chair quickly descended and slowly broke apart into individual wooden staves, landing in a scattered pile beside Prudence.
She laughed again. "That wasn't even close enough to holler foul or fool or fool you!"
 The next object released from the dangling steel cord and dropped down, soaring through the air waves with a loud whistle, revealing a living room sitting sofa for six people in a dark brown hue that carried a tree branch-pattern over the fabric. The sofa tumbled side to side and headed down towards Prudence. She smiled and sidestepped from the drop zone while laughing out loud. The sofa landed with a hard thump on top of the dry dirt. She didn't bother to comment to the two dumb pilots on the charmed flying machine but pondered her purpose here within the dirt desert ground.
The next object dropped down from the steel belly and flipped through the air waves sounding with a loud whistling noise. She looked up and gasped in fear. The object was a silver tinted extra-large food refrigerator that was heading down at her hair roots. She swiftly back pedaled from the drop zone and stood several feet in safety. The heavy refrigerator hit the dirt with a deep thump and sizzled in small fires from the heat of the sunlight without melting down into a puddle of silver tinted goo.
She didn't bother to comment and heard the next loud whistling noise, back stepping with care, looking up with a gasp of worry. "These kids are crazy." Prudence continued to swiftly dance backwards and carefully watched a tumbling blue tinted free-falling human riding motorcycle in the air waves. The motorcycle swiftly dropped down and crashed down into the solid dirt while screaming in metal pain, scattering each one of its heated metal pieces in the air, over the ground and at Prudence.
She continued to back pedal in fear and heard the next loud whistling sound, looking up with worry. An eight-foot long full sized green tinted work van dropped down from its dangling steel cord and tumbled side to side in the air. Each heavy object was coming closer to her delicate body of fleshy skin, fragile bones, and wet blood proteins which was all needed for her current survival. She raced backwards and then spun around in worry, dashing away from the falling heavy object that could murder her body.
The human van crashed-landed down with a loud bang and then boom and then crash splitting apart most of the smaller pieces of metal parts. She dropped down on the soil and covered her bone skull as numerous pieces of heated flying metal parts soared over her grounded body. She quickly stood upright from the dirt in panic and raced ahead, moving towards the mountain range of protection among the bright sunlight rays, the naked dry desert, and two crazy airplane pilots.
A 21-foot green tinted farm tractor detached from the steel cord and flew down through the sky, singing a loud whistle while heading down towards Prudence. She continued to run and looked up with worry, seeing the hard object, increasing her speed for her safety. Before the farm tractor hit the dry soil. A second whistling sound sung in the air waves and reached her pair of eardrums revealing a 53-foot long semi-tractor trailer with its cab.
The farm tractor plowed down into the hard soil and created a hole that measured ten feet across and fifteen feet deep scattering an array of heated loose metal pieces throughout the air, over the ground and at Prudence.
She dropped down in a panic and covered her hair roots again while praying for protection. A piece of heated metal landed on the rear part of her naked leg. She screamed in pain but continued to kiss the dirt waiting for each heated object to fall down onto the ground. Then she heard a new whistling sound and swiftly stood upright from the dry dirt, racing ahead while ignoring the new pain in her injured leg. "I gotta get to the mountains. I'll be safe there. Yeah, that's the new plan, if I live through the next bombardment of objects. I do believe the two crazy kids are trying to murder me."
Prudence continued to race ahead over the smooth sand among the blistering heat, huffing out a series of heavy breaths, running towards the range of tan colored mountains for protection. But she was still too far from the side of the mountain. She heard a new whistling sound from a new object that bombarded the quiet air waves coming from the clear blue sky and then received a second whistling sound from a second object that had detached from the flying machine. She continued to race ahead in panic mode and survival mode, without looking up to see each object.
A yellow tinted, 28-foot long road grader construction machine swiftly dropped down and screamed with loud whistles that overpowered her delicate eardrums and then landed down beside her running body without hitting her bone skull. The broken machine quickly released numerous pieces of loose heated metal objects that traveled through the air like flock of metal birds and over the surface ground like a tidal wave of heated metal. Prudence leaped from the dirt and dodged each heated object in the air dropping back down on top of the soil, jumping over each sizzling heated metal parts while screaming in panic. Her injured leg bulked in pain. She tumbled ahead but quickly recovered her balance still racing towards the cool shade of the mountain for her protection. 
The second whistling sound overpowered her eardrums again and landed down on the other side of her rib cage, revealing a 250-foot long jumbo commercial airline jet without the paid passengers, of course. The heavy airplane busted into thousands of small and large pieces of sizzling metal parts. Prudence got hit in on her naked bicep and her covered rib cage with two smaller pieces of searing metal part while crying out loud in pain, slapping the fireball on her body. She continue to race ahead with worry for her safety.
A new whistling sound bombarded the quiet air waves and then another whistling sound sung in high musical tones.
She did not look up but witnessed a large shadow that hovered over her sweaty hair roots while feeling a cool breeze on her face and arms as the large object blocked out the heated sunrays with its large structure. She looked up and gasped in pain while continuing to run ahead towards the mountain range. Prudence was less than a half of mile from the edge of the first mountain foothill.
A 50-story tan colored brick-coated human office building had flipped onto its side swiftly dropping downwards from the sky. The building structure held fifty floors. An individual floor measured ten feet in height from the polished floor up towards the ceiling tiles. The side of the building measured 500 feet long. The building soared sideways, not upright and presented one long side wall of tan bricks on the structure while dropping down with the aid of Earth's gravity towards the dry soil and directly underneath Prudence.
She picked up her running speed and used her entire body paddling both of her arms and  her legs leaping from the dirt, flying through the air and covered 501 feet over the flat dry soil. The office building rooftop landed with loud thump and then crash within a few inches from her butthole. She landed down on top of the sand without breaking her stride and smiled at the mountain foothill while quickly closing the land distance of 888 feet, until she finally slammed into the moist dirt on the cool mountain side. Prudence was going to made it and became safe. She would not dead during this crazy nightmare dream this time.
The next whistling sound overwhelmed her pair of eardrums with loud musical tones. She tilted her bone skull backwards to relieve the stress of the loud music and gasped in awe. An extra-large shadow hovered over her sweaty hair roots and covered all of the dull orange tinted desert soil. She stared up at a tumbling USA gray tinted ancient battle warship as the ship tumbled over and over while measuring 884 feet in length. She screamed in panic and leaped up from the soil, flying through the air waves, feeling a cool breeze of the light wind on her sweaty body. She stretched her body horizontal through the air and reached out with one arm towards the dirt on the mountain side, whispering for her eardrums only. "I'm going to make it. I'm going to be safe. I am going to live. Take that, you stupid teens!" She quickly dropped down from her flight and then landed on top of the wet moist dirt, exhaling with exhaustion, bleeding out her blood proteins from her open mouth. She gasped for air molecules and coughed out loud in searing pain and suffering. The falling war ship of 884 feet had landed down on her back spine and crashed all of the bones, tearing off the flesh, and leaking out her ripped off blood veins. She had missed the mountain side by four feet.
The gigantic airplane quickly landed down on top of the orange tinted desert cutting off the rumbling engine. the two pilots jumped off each one of the rooftops flying through the air and landed down the soil, swiftly racing towards Prudence. Each one stopped and stood, squatting down and viewed her bloody face.
Her sweaty face was covered in her red tinted blood proteins, orange dirt, and clear sweat. Her two eyeballs were blurry without good vision. Her breathing pattern was radical. Her tongue was numb. And her brain cells were dying from the lack of oxygen.
The unknown male with a head of blonde colored hair strand smiled at Prudence. "Do you remember now, girl?"
She whispered. "No!" On top of the desert sand, her entire body smoothly descended down through the next layers of sand, dirt, and rock and as she did not scream but grunted in pain disappearing out from chamber of sand and landed down on top of a padded chair in silence.
Prudence continued to stand and reached down touching the smooth wood on the chair and the soft fabric on the cushion smiling with happiness. This is nice! What did I do to deserve this place? Where am I?" She placed both of her palms and slapped the smooth wooden surface, snapping her fingers with a nod, slowly standing upright from the chair. She stood behind a shiny dark wooden bench desk and looked up viewing the four walls, the floor, and the ceiling planks of matching wooden panels. She stared ahead at the entrance wall, seeing a set of double doors made of the same dark wood, scanning the rest of the new environment.
The new room was perfectly square-shaped without a single glass window for viewing the outside environment of sun, rain, or bad weather. The entrance wall with the double doors held rows of matching dark wooden pews, without a person or an animal or a beast or a monster.
Her daydream had been crazy, so far.
Prudence would not be shock, if an outer space monster dropped down through the ceiling planks and then landed on top of the body. Then she might have to fight the thing to the death using her new awesome something else girly powers.
In front of the entrance wall, numerous rows of matching dark tinted wooden smooth pews occupied the rest of the space stopping in the middle of the large square-shaped room. A long wooden bar separated the gallery of wooden pews from an open floor space inside the Well, where the defendants, the lawyers, the clients, the judge, the clerk, the recorder, and the bailiff usually reside during each session.
The space inside the Well was empty, except for a raised wooden long podium of dark wood at the front of the gallery, where the judge usually sat hearing each legal law case. Each side wall consisted of solid wooden panel, without a single glass window of sunshine rays or a grove of trees or a piece of pretty art work.
Prudence continued to stand and smiled down at the polished hard surface on the long podium that stood five feet above the shiny wooden floor while viewing the entire court gallery of pews without people. She reached down and slapped the wood surface with one hand while smiling at the entrance wall again. "I am a judge now. This is a law and order judge's bench. Or am I the prisoner here? So, I have ended up inside the judge's bench for some weird reason. Why am I a law and order judge now? I do not know. I didn't know any of this stuff or mess or thing. Whatever!" She looked down with a smile and stared at a black tinted robe which covered  her new clean and white tinted short linen dress and then dangled down the soft silk threads tickling each one of her naked toes on her two bare feet. She laughed. "Yeah, I'm dreaming in my sleep and I am sleeping very soundly. Nothing is waking me up. I do not wear a pair of shoes in my dreams."
Prudence sat down and wiggled on top of the sofa padding that kissed her tender butthole, slapping her hand down on the hard surface. "Well, this might be the best event yet! I'm in charge of everything. No one is hitting my face or gluing my feet down to concrete or chasing after my butthole or dropping a ton of large heavy objects down on top of my head," she laughed and pounded the smooth wooden surface. "Well, the games begin!"
A hidden door on the rear wall several feet from Prudence opened and revealed a short woman in a tan colored uniform. The woman entered the room and stopped, standing sideways from the bench, smiling at Prudence. "Your Honor, we are ready to begin processing each one of the accursed."
She waved her hand when a stack of white tinted papers with numerous black tinted sentences appeared in front of her chest on top of the wooden surface. She looked down and smiled at the paperwork, "Fine! Please open the doors and sent in all of the accused or worried or weary or stressed for the day. I feel like handing out some vicious and vile punishments today, after my nasty encounters with some really weird peoples or persons or strangers or aliens," she dropped her hand and slapped the stack of paper while laughing out loud.
The bailiff spun around and moved ahead to the entrance wall opening both of the doors. A set of individuals or a pair of individual slowly entered the court room, sliding down into one of the empty pews wearing a set of street clothes and stared at Prudence.
The bailiff returned back and stood in the same spot inside the Well while nodding to Prudence. "Welcome to the Court of Special Jurisdiction! The Court of Special Jurisdiction hears specific types of legal law cases, without a jury of your peers. Thus, the jury box is empty during each case. The spectator area is called the court gallery and is located on the entrance wall in-between the double doors and is separated by the wooden bar from the rest of the court box with the judge and my person.
"Once your case number has been called, the accused and their lawyer moves from the gallery, passing the wooden bar, and then stops a few feet facing from the judge's bench, without sitting. The empty space in-between the wooden bar and the front of the bench is called the Well. There is not a single table or sitting chair located inside the Well today. Thus, each person will stand and face the judge today. This court is now in session with the presence of the Honorable Judge Prudence. The first legal case is number 1990. As I call out your number, not your name, please approach the bench and stand in front of judge in silence. The judge will review your personal legal case and ask you a set of personal legal questions. Please answer each question with honesty. Then the judge will rule you guilty or innocent based on her wise and final judgment."
"That sounds easy." Prudence whispered for her eardrums only and nodded with a smile to the small audience of people.
From the open doors, a short, plump, weathered sunburned older female slowly padded into the court room wearing a pair of dirty overall blue jeans, a pair of dirty brown tinted cowgirl boots that trialed a line of red tinted dirt from the open archway, over the shiny floor, and stopped in front of the judge. Her pockets were filled with numerous items including a pair of dirty gloves, a mobile telephone, a hammer tool, a small flashlight. She wore a dirty white tinted short-sleeved tee shirt underneath the overall blue jeans and her ponytail in red tinted color swung side to side as she walked.
Then a tall, overweight, pale-skinned older male entered the court room and wore a clean blue tinted tee shirt, a pair of pressed and clean blue jeans, and pair of orange and green polish cowboy boots. He held a blue tinted cap in both of his hands and then stopped, standing beside the short female, staring at Prudence.
The bailiff cleared her throat first and then yelled out loud. "The first legal case number is 1990. Does each person sweat and swore to tell the truth in the eyeballs of our Heavenly Father, his son Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and all of your heavenly angels? I wanna remind here that each one of your heavenly angels is standing beside or behind or in front of your human body while hearing each one of your fibbing words or truthful sentences. And the heavenly angel always keeps a recording and tells his boss-man too."
The short female nodded with a smile to Prudence. "Yes, I do sweat and swore to tell the truth here in this court of law, Your Honor."
The male did not nod or smile but said in a flat monotone baritone. "Yeah, me, too!"
Prudence nodded to the two individuals that appeared as a pair of crop farmers, looking down slowly reading the legal information on the first legal case. She finished her review and looked up, pointing at the short, older female. "Ma'am, your set of hogs keep escaping their pen, because the pen is broken. Can you please fix the pen? That would avoid the issue and your presence here in my court room."
She waved her arms in the air and nodded with a worried brow to Prudence. "Judge, I am so sorry here. But I am a small time business woman. I wanna fix the pen but I do not have the money or the skills to do that. That's why my hogs keep getting out and running over the fields ending up inside his field. His pasture field is nicely mowed and welcoming to my hogs."
Prudence nodded. "I do believe your story," she turned and nodded with a stern race. "Sir, you have heard her hog story. What do you say now inside my courtroom?"
The older male sneered at the judge. "She tells the truth. Her nasty hogs continue to escape from their busted pen and then invade my personal field pasture, eating my flowers."
Prudence laughed. "Inside the pasture field, did you plant the flowers with your hands or with your garden hoe? Or did you hire a professional gardener to plant the wildflowers?"
He growled. "Of course not, the scattered pods are wildflowers."
She smiled. "O! I understand now. The group of fat hogs enjoy eating the pods of wildflowers that our Heavenly Father had created and the planted down on his earth property. Is that correct, sir?"
The male frowned. "I guess so."
"I know so. So, you have heard the hog story and believe the hog story. The local farmer does possess the money funds or the hand skills to repair her broken pen that keeps her hogs enclosed. However, by the appearance of your person and your presentation, you do not encounter any money issues. Is this a true statement?"
He snarled. "My personal finances do not have any purpose here in this court of law or with her farm."
"I am so sorry that you feel that way, sir. To solve this issue, I ask that you search your cold-feeling, black tinted heart, first, sir. I would like for you to pay for mending the fence pen in exchange for one hog which would end the issue here inside my courtroom."
He gasped in shock and then sneered at Prudence. "No!"
Prudence frowned with a nod to the male farmer, "Well, I must say that is one sorry-ass statement coming from a wealthy farmer, where your wealth or money or riches or assets or property is owned by our Heavenly Father, no you, buddy. When you die, your riches did not come with your soul into heaven or down there in fire hell, only your living soul. The living soul flies around naked and without worry but carries loving thoughts. Can you hear your living soul? Which is different from your bio-shell flesh, bones, and blood proteins, can you hear his words of love and wisdom, sir?"
"No!" He growled.
She smiled. "Well, you are one tough cookie and hard to handle here within my court room. But I am here and I am determined to save your sorry-ass human selfie through your living soul that really ascends into heaven when the human flesh is dead and rotten down in the grave. So, I order you to pay out your personal money funds and repair her hog pen in exchange for one hog. Is that arrangement amiable with you, Ms. Farmer?"
The female farmer bounced up and down nodding with a smile to Prudence. "Yes, judge! I need the help with the hog fence and can't pay with my money, but I can pay with my hog. My hogs are fat and ready for the market. I offer two hogs for fixing my fence, ma'am."
Prudence turned and smiled at the rich farmer. "Did you hear that? The local farmer possesses a heart of gold and has gracious offered you a better deal in exchange to solve the minor problem to your stinky butthole, where you did nothing but bitch and complain and mouth spit down on top of my shiny wooden floor. Now, in a court of law, there are numerous administration fees that are required to be paid with monies or gold coins or your blood," she laughed with some of the other audience members. "Now, she is not going to pay with her money or her golden coins or her blood. But you are going to pay for the court administration fees. Do you wanna pay ...?"
"Now, see here, Judge! You have bullied me into paying to fix her sorry fence..."
"...in exchange for two fat hogs that are ready for slaughter and will make you a higher profit or numerous delicious meals at the dining room table. Does everyone love fresh crispy bacon?" She clapped with laughed. All of the audience members stood upright from each pew and smiled with laughter while clapping for the wise judgment.
He yelled out loud and stomped his polished cowboy boots. "I'm going to appeal your rule to a higher court. I am not going to pay the fees." The gallery audience stopped clapping and sat back down, listening to the court conversation.
Prudence pointed her gravel at the male farmer. "Then I will place your person inside my jail cell behind my butthole in the rear of the court house. Then you cannot go and find a lawyer and you cannot appeal my legal decision, until that damn hog pen is fixed and finished with all the repairs that your overflowing wealth from our Heavenly Father is paying for. So, what is your final answer, sir? I do not buff or joke here."
The rich male farmer turned and sneered at the female farmer, returning back, nodding with sour frown to Prudence. "I will pay to repair the hog fence and all of court fees to keep from seeing you and her again." He spun around with a huff and swiftly exited the room.
She slammed the gravel on top of the bench and nodded with a smile at the back spine on the rich male farmer. "Excellent answer, sir! You do listen to your higher selfie. Now, you may leave my court room. Who is next legal case, bailiff?" The female farmer nodded with a smile to Prudence and then spun around slowly exiting the court room.
The bailiff shouted out loud. "The next legal case is number 1991. As I call out your number, not your name, please approach the bench and stood in front of judge in silence. The judge will review your personal legal case and ask you a set of personal legal questions. Please answer each question with honesty. Then the judge will rule your legal case guilty or innocent or dismissed with her judgment. Thank you in advance."
From the open doors, a tall and muscular dark skinned middle-aged man with a cropped brown tinted hair entered the court room wearing a pair of dirty walking shorts, a pair of dirty work boots, and a dirty yellow tinted short-sleeved tee shirt and then stopped standing in front of Prudence.
An overweight, pale-skinned, middle-aged average height female wore an ankle-length dress in red hue with animal patterns over the fabric and a pair of sandal slowly entered the room with heavy breathes,  and then stopped, standing a few feet from the male and in front of Prudence.
Prudence looked down and read the next sheet of paper, saying out loud. "Welcome to my courtroom," she finished the read and looked up nodding to the female. "You hired a professional lawn person to mow your lawn and paid him one hundred dollars for the service. However, you claim that the professional lawn person did not a poor job on your lawn and you want all of your money back from the vendor. How long did the professional lawn person mow our yard, ma'am?"
The female sneered at the nose profile on the lawn person. "He is not a professional lawn man. He is a crook. He mowed my lawn for two months and did a terrible job. I want my money back right here and right now."
Prudence nodded. "Did you provide a legal written contract to the professional lawn person regarding the financial money terms, the length of employment, and the condition of the property on your yard?"
"What!"
"Did he sign a piece of paper that instructed him about the one hundred dollars payment, the length of his employment and the appearance of your lawn?"
"No! I told him with my mouth, not with my ink pen. He still did a lousy job. I want all of my money back right here and right now, Judge."
Prudence nodded. "He mowed your lawn for two months which would occur every two weeks as the weeds like to grow up and invade the yard. Why did you wait so long to come into the court room for a money refund, if you had engaged in two months of his lawn service employment?"
"I..." She sneered at Prudence. "It don't matter now. I want my money back right now and right here."
Prudence frowned. "My question matters a great deal. You did not provide a legal contract as a client to your vendor which would have detailed the payment, the length of employment and the finished condition of your home lawn. Did your supervise his lawn work at your home?"
She gasped in shock. "What?"
"Were you at home when he came and cut your yard?"
The female sneered at Prudence. "Hell, no! That's why I hired him to cut the yard when I was gone."
"Why did you not supervise his work? Do you occupy a job also?"
"Hell, no! I hired him to cut the lawn, so I didn't have to cut my lawn. I do not work. I am a widower."
"I am so sorry for your loss. As you did not work and did not need to leave your home for working money, why were you not there at your house when he was cutting your lawn?"
The female growled at Prudence. "That's! That's a silly question. I went out to see my daughter and my grandchild. I didn't like the sound of the loud lawn mower machine. The sound hears my sensitive eardrums."
  Prudence nodded. "You employed a professional lawn person without a legal contact but with your mouth to come and cut your lawn, so you did not have to cut your own lawn and pay out the service with your personal funds. You did not work and elected to leave your home and visit another party while the hired and paid professional lawn person came and cut your yard unsupervised. When you finally returned home and viewed the lousy job, did you not speak with him during that time?"
The female snarled. "Look! I didn't like the loud sound of the lawn mower. I returned home late at night and didn't see the lousy job on my lawn during the moonlight rays. I didn't even notice the lawn, until my son-in-law told me that my shitty lawn looked awful. I came here to get all of my money back right now."
"Currently, who is cutting your yard?"
"No one is cutting my yard. He cut it last week and the yard is still mowed down but looks awful. I'll get another lawn man for the job within two weeks." She laughed out loud.
"Did you fire the lawn man? When did you fire the lawn man?"
"Yeah, you bet. I called up him up the next day and cussed him out while firing his ass with the lousy job of cutting my lawn."
Prudence frowned. "If you fired him on the phone, did he received the last one hundred dollar payment for the last lawn cutting at your house?"
She nodded. "I always placed a sealed envelope with his name on the front porch with cash money for him. He picked it up after completing the lousy job on my beautiful lawn."
"If you are a widower, why did you not ask your son-in-law or another healthy family to come over and mow your yard for free of charge?"
She jabbed a finger at Prudence. "Hey! My blood relatives do not do stuff for free. My daughter and her husband works hard at their work jobs. They don't wanna come over and mow my lawn. That's why I hired him and then he did a lousy job. Now, I gotta go and find a new lawn mow man."
Prudence moaned and shook her curls. "Did you once instruct the professional lawn man the proper condition with your lawn, before he came over to cut the yard for the next time?"
She sneered. "Hell, no! Why would I do that? A lawn is a lawn. A plot of grass is a plot of grass. Just cut the damn tall grass and taller weed and get paid cash money!"
Yes, that is a very interesting statement. I have ruled that the professional lawn man wins the legal case and keeps all of the money."
The female screamed in fury. "What the fuck is this? He stole all of my money. He's a thief. I want my money back right now and right here."
Prudence smiled at the female. "Ah! You did not provide a written legal contract with the proper terms of the lawn appearance to hired contractor. And you did not stay at you home and supervise his lawn work as you were the unhappy client here and he was the employee that was paid to do a good or lousy job of cutting your yard. And you did not attempt to correct his lawn technique by phone or by mouth or by pen which indicates that you were satisfied with two months of his time and his resources and his services that cut your lawn. I am sorry here. You did not win your legal case and you must paid all of the court fees. The bailiff can provide a listing of all the court fees for your upcoming payment with the next five days. Ma'am, this is a valuable life lesson. If you hire a contractor, you must write down your terms and present the legal agreement and then supervise the hired help, else you will lose your money and your temper and end up losing your court case," she laughed and slammed the gravel down on top of the surface. "This case has ended. Bring in the next legal case, bailiff!"
The angry female turned and sneered at the male, spinning around to face the open archway and slowly moved across the floor. The galley members swiftly stood upright from the seat and booed at the old man while tossing a handful of grass blades at the old woman. The old woman turned and sneered at each member. The gallery members continued to toss grass blades in the air and laughed at the bitch.
The male continued to stand, until the angry female was gone. Then he spun around with a smile and waved to the gallery members. The members waved back and applauded the brave lawn mow man cheering for his victory. The male left the court room. The gallery members sat back down with a smile in silence.
The bailiff shouted out loud. "Welcome to the Court of Special Jurisdiction! The Court of Special Jurisdiction hears specific types of legal law cases, without a jury of your peers. Thus, the jury box is empty during each case. The spectator area is called the court gallery and is located on the entrance wall in-between the double doors and is separated by the wooden bar from the rest of the court box with the judge and my person.
"Once your case number has been called, the accused and their lawyer moves from the gallery, passing the wooden bar, and then stops a few feet facing from the judge's bench, without sitting. The empty space in-between the wooden bar and the front of the bench is called the Well. There is not a single table or sitting chair located inside the Well today. Thus, each person will stand and face the judge today. This court is now in session with the presence of the Honorable Judge Prudence. The first legal case is number 1991. As I call out your number, not your name, please approach the bench and stand in front of judge in silence. The judge will review your personal legal case and ask you a set of personal legal questions. Please answer each question with honesty. Then the judge will rule you guilty or innocent based on her wise and final judgment. Thank you in advance."
A blue-eyed, blonde-haired, pale-skinned, middle-aged woman shoved an elementary school child into the court room. The woman wear a blue tinted dress and a pair of white sandals. The child displayed blonde head of hair, a tone of pale-tinted skin, and a pair of blue eyes and wore a pair of tan colored walking shorts, an orange tinted tee shirt, and a pair of black tinted sneakers. They stopped and stood in front of Prudence. She squatted down and whispered into the face of her son.
Then a middle-aged male entered the court room and held the hand of his elementary school aged child. He dressed in a gray tinted business suit without the necktie and a pair of gray dress shoes. The man and the child displayed a tone of black tinted hair, a pair of brown tinted eyes, and a tone of peachy-colored skin. The child wore a pair of blue walking shorts, a white tee shirt, and a pair of yellow tinted sneakers. They stopped and stood a few feet from the other couple and in front of the judge's bench. The male leaned down and whispered a set of secret words into the face of his child, standing upright and stared back at Prudence in silence. The child fidgeted with nervousness.
The bailiff cleared her throat first and then yelled out loud. "The first legal case number is 1991. Does each person sweat and swore to tell the truth in the eyeballs of our Heavenly Father, his son Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and all of your heavenly angels? I wanna remind here that each one of your heavenly angels is standing beside or behind or in front of your human body while hearing each one of your fibbing words or truthful sentences. And the heavenly angel always keeps a recording and tells his boss-man too."
The female nodded with a smile to Prudence. "Yes, I will tell the truth here in this court of law, Your Honor."
The male nodded with a smile. "I do promise to tell the truth."
Prudence looked down and read the next sheet of paper. "Welcome to my court room!" She finished the review and looked up smiling at the female. "The two children are elementary students that attend the same school and the same class and are neighbors and best friends. That is so nice. Last week, the two boys were playing inside her back yard and started having so boyish fun with the garden hose that produced a flow of fresh water. Then the garden hose landed down on the concrete and slammed into the open window that leads down into the basement floor. No one turned off the garden hose tap and the water flowed down through the open window flooding the basement floor. The female of the house blames the other child and is suing the other family for money damages to the flooded basement."
The blue-eyed, blonde-haired, pale-skinned child leaned over and jabbed a finger at his friend, yelling out loud. "He did it. I saw him do it."
Prudence smiled at the child. "You did. Please tell me what your friend did to the garden hose!"
The boy stood upright and gasped in shock nodding with a grin to Prudence. "We were in the back yard at my house and we were playing firemen. You can't play firemen without a fire hose. I pulled out the garden hose from the side of the house and pointed out the hose at the pretend fire in the yard while pretending there was a stream of real water. But there wasn't any water."
"No!" The black-haired child jumped up and down and yelled at Prudence. "Not right! Not right! That's not right. There was no water coming out from the garden hose. He turned on the water tap on and then started spreading the water over the grass. We both had fun and got our clothes all wet. Then my mom showed up on his back porch and called out my name. I ran to my mom and then left his house. He dropped the garden hose and ran into the house saying goodbye to me. I went home and ate my supper and then went to bed. The end!"
The other child jumped up and down shaking his blonde tinted hair. "No. He turned on the water and dropped down the garden hose, leaving the water running and left my house. Then the water run down into the basement. It was a big smelly mess down there. My mom and dad were really mad at me until I explained that it was him that did it."
Prudence nodded with a smile to each adult. "Well! Well! We have two different stories on the same coin. I do not like to question children. That is not my policy as a child does not know right from wrong or punishment from reward. Why were the two children alone in the back yard and unsupervised without an adult?"
The female gasped in shock. "My son is a responsible little person. He completes his homework assignment and eats his vegetables and brushes his teeth and goes to bed on time. He always plays in our back yard while I carefully watch over him. It is that child that is not responsible person and allowed the water to flood and damage the basement floor. It cost thousands of dollars to repair the damage."
The male waved his arm and shouted out loud. "Here! Here! My son is also a responsible little person and does all of those same tasks and more my wife and I."
Prudence nodded. "I am hearing that each child is a responsible person which is a miracle for a ten year old boy. Mother, why did your son not tell you about the running water from the active garden hose?"
She frowned. "The other child turned the water on. He caused the damage. My son did not turn on the water."
Prudence nodded. "But your son told the entire gallery that both of children were wet. Their clothes were wet. Did you son return into the house with a set of wet cloths, Mother of the child?"
"Yes," the father of the child nodded with a stern face to Prudence. "My son was soaked in water. I made him sit in the rear seat to prevent water splatters on my business suit. Yes, my son and his clothes were wet."
Prudence smiled at the father of the child. "Did you inquire about the wetness of your son and the condition of his wet clothes?"
"Yes, I did. He had fun with his best friend at their house in the back yard. That was the end of the conversation. We were driving to his grandmother's house for the dinner meal with my wife and her family members. My son spent the drive talk and talked about his day in school. We share and exchange information all the time. If my son had left the water on, by accident, then he would have told me about the incident. Then I would have called and told my rude neighbor about the water incident also. But that conversation did not happen. "
Prudence turned and nodded to the mother of the child. "Well, I have one wet child and a set of wet clothes. Was your child wet, also, Mother of the child?"
The mother of the child sneered at the judge. "I can't remember. I do not recall. My son rushed inside and ran into his room changing his play clothes for the dinner meal. He came out with dry clothes."
Prudence nodded to the child. "Did you get wet from playing with the water, son?"
The child tapped his temple and then smiled, jabbing a finger at Prudence. "I remember. I did not get wet. I did not turn on the water. He turned on the water and get all wet. Then he went home and forgot to turn off the water that destroyed the basement floor," he dropped his hand and slapped his leg nodding with a grin.
Prudence frowned at the child and then the mother. "Now, I have three storylines. Your child plays in the yard alone and unsupervised. Why do you allow a guest friend to come over and play in your back yard unsupervised?"
The mother turned and sneered at the father of the other child. "Well, I will never allow that child to come back over and play inside my back yard, ever again. That is the whole truth, ma'am," she returned back and nodded to the judge with a sour frown.
Prudence frowned. "That did not address my question, Mother of the child. Yes, you allow your child and other children into your back yard to play fun games and make noises while unsupervised. Next question, do you not inspect the back yard and the side yard and the front yard, after your child has finished playing, in case of fire ants or stray dogs or a running garden hose?"
She growled in angry. "No! I do not. That's a stupid question. My child is responsible and does not ever play with a pile of dangerous fire ants or any pack of deadly stray dogs or the garden hose."
Prudence nodded. "I rule in favor of the father and his son."
"What!" The mother screamed in fury and wiggled her body side to side while waving both of her arms in the air, sneering at Prudence. "That child turned on the outside tap water and left it running which flooded our basement floor. We spend thousands of dollar cleaning up the mess. You are wrong. I want a lawyer. I'm going to sue his ass for all of our monies on the basement clean-up."
Prudence smiled. "A child is a precious gift from our Heavenly Father and is not subject to debate or indignation. A child is given to his mother and his father where the parents share in gliding, teaching and assisting that tiny child to grow into a mature and responsible adult. A child is careless and useless and full of life and energy, where their parents watch over their childish actions and their silly kiddie behaviors. An adult is responsible party for everything. As a parent, you can blame or punish or reward you child for playing with the garden hose. But, here on my turf, you did not accuse or blame or point your manicured finger at another child for any reason, where you are the adult. You found the water running and then you cut off the water. Then you repaired the damaged basement floor. There is no problem. The only problem here is your attitude, Mother of the child. If you ever show your make-up covered face here in my courtroom again and blame another child, then I will toss your butthole inside one of my jail cells in the rear of the building for acting as a sorry-ass human and a uncaring person. You are a loving mother as your child has lied for your sins. Now, this legal case is done and you are dismissed from my court room. Both of you enjoy the rest of the day, father and son; mother and son! Bring in the next legal case, bailiff!"
The four individuals spun around to face the open archway and slowly moved across the floor. The galley members swiftly stood upright from the seat and cheered the father and the son and booed at the mother and her son. Some of the members tossed a cup of water from the pew flying through the air and landed down on the wooden floor without hitting the mother or her child.
The mother turned and sneered at each member. The gallery members continued to toss cups of water and laughed at the bitch. Finally, the four individuals left the court room. The gallery members sat back down with a smile in silence.
The bailiff shouted out loud. "Welcome to the Court of Special Jurisdiction! The Court of Special Jurisdiction hears specific types of legal law cases, without a jury of your peers. Thus, the jury box is empty during each case. The spectator area is called the court gallery and is located on the entrance wall in-between the double doors and is separated by the wooden bar from the rest of the court box with the judge and my person.
"Once your case number has been called, the accused and their lawyer moves from the gallery, passing the wooden bar, and then stops a few feet facing from the judge's bench, without sitting. The empty space in-between the wooden bar and the front of the bench is called the Well. There is not a single table or sitting chair located inside the Well today. Thus, each person will stand and face the judge today. This court is now in session with the presence of the Honorable Judge Prudence. The first legal case is number 1993. As I call out your number, not your name, please approach the bench and stand in front of judge in silence. The judge will review your personal legal case and ask you a set of personal legal questions. Please answer each question with honesty. Then the judge will rule you guilty or innocent based on her wise and final judgment. Thank you in advance of your time."
A tall, slender male with a long ponytail of brown hue, a pair of violet eyes, and a tone of pale skin wore a long peach colored tee shirt and a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans with a pair of flip-flops entered the court room scanning the new environment and then stopped, standing in front of the judge.
An elderly man with a head of gray hair, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of olive skin entered the court room wearing a pair of blue jeans, a red tinted tee shirt, and a pair of polished green and purple cowboy boots, carrying a shotgun. He stopped and stood a few feet from the first male smiling at the judge.
The bailiff jabbed a finger at the shotgun and shouted out loud in panic. "He's got a gun. He brought a gun into the court room. Drop the gun, mister! Before I arrest your person!" She reached down and tapped on her loaded handgun.
Prudence looked up and gasped in shock, addressing the man. "Is that gun loaded, sir?"
The elderly man smiled. "Naw!"
She waved both of her hands and nodded with a smile. "Everyone, calm down and sit down! Bailiff, everything is fine in here. The gun ain't loaded, folks. Please sit down and get quiet. Bailiff, please continue with your court stuff."
The bailiff cleared her throat first and then yelled out loud. "The next legal case number is 1993. Does each person sweat and swore to tell the truth in the eyeballs of our Heavenly Father, his son Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and all of your heavenly angels? I wanna remind here that each one of your heavenly angels is standing beside or behind or in front of your human body while hearing each one of your fibbing words or truthful sentences. And the heavenly angel always keeps a recording and tells his boss-man too."
The young male nodded with a smile to Prudence. "I do."
The elderly male smiled. "I always tell the truth."
She looked down and read the next paper, looking up with a smile to see the young male. "The young man was found standing on someone else's property and did not move after encountering an angry property owner. The property owner showed the cold barrel of his shotgun at the stranger without killing the weird stranger. Then the young male called the police using his personal mobile telephone, who came and arrested both of the individuals and then tossed them into an individual police jail cell for a few hours. Then they were released without bail or harm. Now, the young man is suing for invade of his personal space. What in the hell were you doing standing on someone else's property, young sir?"
The young male smiled. "I was collecting flowers."
She gasped in shock. "You were collecting wildflowers. The entire earth is filled with pods of ugly, tall, short, and pretty wildflowers, for free or foot stomping. Why did you decide to collect a handful of wildflowers on someone else's property, young sir?"
He nodded.  "I just felt like standing there. I enjoyed the energies and the bright sunlight."
Prudence stood upright with a smile and climbed down the platform, landing on the floor, moving ahead with her giggles. She collided into the young man and shoved his body backwards, standing in his spot. "I just felt like standing right here and right now. I enjoy the energies and the dull artificial lights. How do you feel about me shoving your ass and stealing your spot, young man?"
The young male did not move but winked at Prudence. "If it feels good, then do it!"
"Yeah! Yeah! Just do it!" She spun around with a sour frown and climbed back into her judge's chair, sitting down, exhaling with annoyance at the young male. "Well, this feels good to me and I am going to just do it. Young man, you do not win your legal case. You do not pass go. You do not collect any monies. You go straight into a police jail cell and do not leave for thirty days and nights. Do you occupy a working job?"
He smiled. "No! I am a free spirit."
She rolled her eyeballs and looked back at the young man. "Do you possess a bank account with American dollars and cents?"
"Yes, I do."
She nodded. "Excellent reply! You will pay the property owner 15,000 in US cash dollar for annoying his butthole and you will pay the court fee administration fees for annoying my butthole. If you are found and captured standing on someone else's property, car porch, back yard, grave yard or sidewalk, without permission, then you will go directly into a police jail cell for three hundred and sixty-six days, which is over one calendar year. This case is dismissed. You may leave my court room. Next legal case, bailiff!"
The two individuals spun around and slowly padded towards the open archway. The galley members swiftly stood upright from the seat and cheered the elderly man with his shotgun and the booed at the young man. Some of the members tossed piles of individual colorful flower petals at the young man and then laughed with amusement.
Finally, the two individual left the court room. The gallery members sat back down with a smile in silence.
The bailiff shouted out loud. "The next legal case is number 1994. As I call out your number, not your name, please approach the bench and stand in front of judge in silence. The judge will review your personal legal case and ask you a set of personal legal questions. Please answer each question with honesty. Then the judge will rule your legal case guilty or innocent or dismissed with her judgment. Thank you in advance."
A tall, muscular, handsome male entered the court room and wore a pair of tan colored trousers, a dark blue sports jacket, a pink tinted tee shirt, and a pair of tan boat shoes displaying a head of shoulder length blonde hair, a face of dusted blonde whiskers, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of dark skin. He smiled and stopped, standing in front of the judge's bench. Behind his butthole, a short, overweight, ugly female stopped and stood beside her husband displaying a head of red tinted cropped hair, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of pink tinted skin. She was wearing an ankle-length orange tinted shapeless dress that shown too many of her post-pregnancy bumps with a pair of tan colored flip-flops and held a four-month old baby on her hip frowning at Prudence.
A tall, sexy female entered the court room, where male sat upright and grinned at the back spine on the female. She displayed a head of long flowing blonde tinted hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of glowing golden skin wearing a mini-dress in pale blue with tiny yellow tinted flowers on the fabric and a pair of pale tinted high heeled fashion sandals on her naked feet. She stopped and stood a few feet from the married couple with the baby turning with a wink at the handsome male, returning back to see Prudence.
The bailiff cleared her throat first and then yelled out loud. "The next legal case number is 1994. Does each person sweat and swore to tell the truth in the eyeballs of our Heavenly Father, his son Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and all of your heavenly angels? I wanna remind here that each one of your heavenly angels is standing beside or behind or in front of your human body while hearing each one of your fibbing words or truthful sentences. And the heavenly angel always keeps a recording and tells his boss-man too."
The tall handsome male nodded with a wink to Prudence. "I do."
The short female sneered at Prudence. "I always do."
The tall sexy female smiled at Prudence. "I tell the truth."
Prudence looked down with a smile and didn't have to guess at the legal case which was wiggling her pair of naked golden colored legs underneath that short mini-dress at the judge's bench. Prudence continued to read the next piece of paper, returning back with a stern face. "The married couple is suing the young nanny for back pay, because the nanny flirted with the husband. Did the nanny kiss your face or lick your ass or fuck your handsome body, handsome husband?"
The male chuckled with a nod to the smart judge. "None of the above, Your Honor."
"Handsome husband, did you do any of these things to the pretty nanny?"
"None of the above, Your Honor." He smiled.
Prudence frowned. "Well, I do not understand the lawsuit that has been tossed up her pretty ass and down on top of my shiny wooden bench surface. What do you want me to do with this legal case?"
The short, ugly female shuffled the baby to her other hip and sneered at Prudence. "I want you to get my money back from that ugly wrench. She came here to the USA and used and abused me and my child and my husband while going to college and flirting with my handsome. She was living at my home and taking care of my child. Now, I have kicked her pretty ass outta of my house and onto the city street like a beggar. I want all of my money back. You read the legal brief. I paid for her airplane flight to come here and live with me. I paid for everything. The amount is 7,000 US dollars and want all of my money back for four months of non-work but sexy flirtation."
Prudence jabbed a finger at the mother and sneered with disgust. "First off, flirting and flirtation is not against the law, unless you are a John and she is a paid working whore. Second off, you should have employed a nice American college student with your American dollars and not brought into our country an illegal alien using your money and your mouth, American bitch. Third off, you are a very bad human to toss another human out of your warm home and onto the cold hard city street like a she-demon. Fourth off, I did not hear any type of sexual act between the pretty nanny and your handsome husband, unless you have recorded that moaning and groaning sexual act on your personal mobile telephone as each human can't sleep without their phone," she laughed with some of the audience members. "Fifth off, if you produce a recording of their sexual act, then I will order you arrested and sent to a police jail cell for invasion of privacy between two consenting adults. Sixth off, I am ruling your lawsuit in favor of the pretty nanny. Both of you work an excellent job, if you can afford to spend money on a personal nanny. Your current income and bank accounts will pay one year to lease her an apartment here in this fair city and you will pay one year for all of her college courses and books and meals and bus passes to and from the college campus, the shopping mall, the library, and the movie house to see the latest Hollywood movie films. You will also pay her salary of three hundred dollars-per-week like she is keeping your baby, but ain't going to be doing that ever or never or foreverly. You are a sorry-ass American. You are the Americans that keep bringing illegal aliens into our country and then toss them out into the field pasture to eat the grass and sleep in on the tree branches. You should have left the nanny in her home country and hired an American female using your American dollars. I am not going to award bad behavior, American bitch. You are an inhuman, unkind, mean, rude, nasty, selfish bitch and you loss here and now inside my court room. You have learned a valuable life lesson, so go home and share it. Thus, I order it so!" She slammed the gravel on the wooden surface. "Now, everyone has my permission to leave my court room.  Have a nice day! Send in the next legal case, bailiff."
The short, ugly female mother sneered at Prudence. "I'm not paying that bitch one nickel of my money. I'm getting a lawyer and I'm going to sue you, the court, her, and everyone else that pisses me off."
"You can try, dearie. But my legal law judge's order starts the clock ticking and your personal bank accounts emptying to pay her, her apartment, and her college courses, right now and right here," Prudence laughed.
The tall male father spun around with a smile and escorted the tall sexy nanny from the court room. All of the male gallery members swiftly stood upright from the seat and waved and whistled at the pretty nanny. The short ugly female mother continued to snarl at Prudence until the court police officer escorted the nasty woman from the court room and then court house. The gallery members clapped with hoots of victory for the nanny from the wise decision of the judge.
The bailiff shouted out loud. "Welcome to the Court of Special Jurisdiction! The Court of Special Jurisdiction hears specific types of legal law cases, without a jury of your peers. Thus, the jury box is empty during each case. The spectator area is called the court gallery and is located on the entrance wall in-between the double doors and is separated by the wooden bar from the rest of the court box with the judge and my person.
"Once your case number has been called, the accused and their lawyer moves from the gallery, passing the wooden bar, and then stops a few feet facing from the judge's bench, without sitting. The empty space in-between the wooden bar and the front of the bench is called the Well. There is not a single table or sitting chair located inside the Well today. Thus, each person will stand and face the judge today. This court is now in session with the presence of the Honorable Judge Prudence. The first legal case is number 1994. As I call out your number, not your name, please approach the bench and stand in front of judge in silence. The judge will review your personal legal case and ask you a set of personal legal questions. Please answer each question with honesty. Then the judge will rule you guilty or innocent based on her wise and final judgment. Thank you in advance of your time."
A tall, slender middle-aged female escorted a younger female into the court room. The middle-aged female wore a blue tinted business jacket and matching skirt and a pair of matching pumps, carrying a designer handbag in bright yellow hue. She displayed a head of shoulder length blonde colored hair, a pair of amber eyes, and a tone of tanned skin while wearing a sour frown. 
Her daughter appeared in body, skin, and facial duplication of her mother and wore a short tan colored mini-shirt, a pair of red tinted fashion high heeled sandals, and carried a green tinted designer handbag while smiling at the audience.
They stopped and cuddled together while standing in front of the judge's bench.
A tall, overweight male entered the court room and displayed a head of cropped gray hair, a pair of dark eyes, and a tone of olive skin wearing a dark blue tinted business suit, without a necktie, a white tinted dress shirt, a pair of matching shoes, and a brown tinted briefcase. He stopped and placed the briefcase on the floor, staring at Prudence.
Prudence looked down and quickly read the next sheet of paper with the legal lawsuit, returning back with a smile. "Welcome to my court room! You are not suing but are guilty of participating in a really cool scam, where you paid from your personal bank account 200,000 dollars to get your dumb-ass teenager into a fancy university. Now, you dumb-ass kid has been kicked out of her fancy university without a future career or work job. Now, I really don't care if you paid money to get your dumb-ass kid into a college. Some teens are too dumb to pass the standardized tests for a legal college entrance. However, I do believe that college courses should be free for all American teens and adults, so everyone can improve their brain cells and advance into a better life style for their self and their family members. Then you would not be in the delicate situation, babe. But that's a fairy tale dream here in the USA. However, the thirteen American colonies were based on hard work and dreams of betterment, where our founding fathers created a set of legal laws to enforce rules for each person, who must follow the rules. You did not follow the rules. You cheated and went around the USA, the legal law, the Earth, and the universal rules. There are thousands and thousands of smarter teens than your dumb-ass kid that wanna go to college but financial cannot. So, you bent the rule for your personal gain. Now, if you owned a business shop, then you could bend the rule for any monetary or personal gain and paid the US Federal Government through your income taxes. That is called free capitalism, which betters our country and our citizens. But, you didn't wanna do that and the other common people are really pissed off that you had cheated the system with your bank account of massive amount of American dollars. You are sentenced to two years in a prison jail cell for spending 100,000 dollars for the college scam. And you will paid 200,000 dollars into a non-profit fund, where your money will pay for a group of smarter teens than your dumb-ass daughter to attend college for free until your money runs out. Once you have completed our prison sentence, you can return back home and resume your life with your family. This sentencing is ordered. Have a nice day! Please send in the next legal case, bailiff!" Prudence exhaled with annoyance and stared at the buttholes on each person.
The gallery members swiftly stood upright from each pew and loudly cheered while clapping with approval with the wise decision from the judge. 
The mother and daughter did not speak but sobbed with their sad tears, slowly spinning around to face the open archway, moving towards the lobby inside court house. The father followed behind his wife and his daughter wiping off his sad tears of worry and defeat.
Some of the bolder gallery members actually tossed individual rotten fruit pieces at the married couple and their dumb-ass daughter with loud laughter. The couple dashed from the court room.
The bailiff laughed out loud with the amusing sight. "The next legal case is number 1996. As I call out your number, not your name, please approach the bench and stand in front of judge in silence. The judge will review your personal legal case and ask you a set of personal legal questions. Please answer each question with honesty. Then the judge will rule your legal case guilty or innocent with her judgment. Thank you in advance."
A tall, skinny male with a head of long brown tinted hair and a full tinted matching beard entered the court room and wore an oversized long dirty white tee shirt with rows of vile words, a pair of walking shorts in tan color, and a pair of ratty flip-flops. He escorted a short, overweight male that wore a gray business suit, a pair of red dress shoes, and a blue tinted briefcase, who represented his lawyer.
The short, overweight male displayed a bald head, a red tinted goatee, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of pale skin.
Both of them stopped and stood in front of Prudence leaning down, bumping head with a set of secret words.
A police officer in a dark colored uniform entered the court room and displayed a head of blonde hair, a pair of brown eyes, and a tone of red tinted skin, stopping and stood a few feet from the two other males, staring at Prudence.
The bailiff cleared her throat first and then yelled out loud. "The next legal case number is 1996. Does each person sweat and swore to tell the truth in the eyeballs of our Heavenly Father, his son Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and all of your heavenly angels? I wanna remind here that each one of your heavenly angels is standing beside or behind or in front of your human body while hearing each one of your fibbing words or truthful sentences. And the heavenly angel always keeps a recording and tells his boss-man too."
The scruffy young male nodded with a smile to Prudence. "I do."
The lawyer smiled. "I do."
The police officer nodded with a stern face. "I do."
Prudence looked down and quickly read the sheet of paper with the legal law information, looking up with a gasp and then a sneer at the young male. "What! What is this?" She shook the piece of paper near her nasty snarl and then slapped the paper back down on the hard surface, pointing her finger at the young male. "You! You released tons of man-made black colored glass shards which must have taken days and weeks to cut into glass pieces and then drop all of them down on top of the local sandy beach with your malicious intent of harm to another life form. Each sandy beach had been created and placed down here on Planet Earth by our Heavenly Father for each human to use for exercise and enjoy the beauty of perfection and have fun with your kids and pets. And you dare to trash and then ruin the white colored sands of God's perfection, where no other human or pet or bird or aquatic life form can walk around the beach. The beach does not belong to you, sir. You do not own or operate the beach or the sky or the clouds or the seas or the earth. This planet is borrowed property coming from our Heavenly Father and you dare to destroy it without permission from our Maker. You are a monster, not a human. You are here to be sentenced into a prison jail cell for your vicious and evil crime. Well, I'm tossing the book at you, monster." She stood upright and magically produced a thick paperback novel tossing it the young man with sneers of fury. The book sailed through the air and slapped the cheekbone on the criminal and then dropped down the floor with a soft thump.
The police officer gasped in shock and then smiled at the judge while nodding his silenced approval.
The lawyer laughed out loud and then sneered at Prudence, patting the naked forearm on his male client. "That's a crime to hit another person, Your Honor. I am going ..." Slap! Another paperback novel sailed through the air from Prudence and slapped the forehead on the sleazy lawyer, dropping down on the floor. The lawyer jabbed a finger with nasty sneers at Prudence. "I am going..."
An array of numerous paperback novels flew from each individual gallery member and soared through the air, slapping the rear bone skull and the back spine on the criminal and the lawyer. The two males screamed in panic and started circling each other for protection.
On top of the judge's bench, Prudence laughed out loud and clapped with amusement and then slapped the gravel onto the wooden surface, wearing a smirk. "All right! Our fun is done here. Stop with the flying paperback novels! I might get hurt, ya'll!" She chuckled again. The objects ceased flight. "Now, the criminal will attend the beach and pick up every single glass shard all alone and lonely from sunrise to sunset, until each glass piece is gone from the sandy beach. At night, he will sleep inside his private prison jail cell until sunrise. My legal brief states that you do not have a job but receive US Federal Government funds. Your government checks are gone, dude. You will not receive any more money from the US Federal Government. You will be living inside your private prison jail cell for fifty years for trashing the local beach. You will never see or walk or feel the soft sands of a beach ever again while you sit in prison, sir. I am the law and order here. You have broken the law which provides a new order on your criminal ass. After you are released from your personal prison jail cell, you will get a paying job with the help of the community and then continue to pay for restoration of the beach, after all of your expenses of food, shelter, and bodily needs for the rest of your living days and nights. Now, get outta of my sight..."
"I object, Your Honor. You are treating my client like a criminal." The lawyer sneered at Prudence.
"He is a criminal, Mr. Dumb-ass, the stupid-o lawyer. He goes to jail. And you are going to help him clean up that beach for taking on a sick mentally disturbed human that wants to harm humans, babies, pets, animals, and dolphins, and fishes. Your kind is worse than a criminal." The gallery members swiftly stood upright from the pews and cheered with applauded with approval.
The lawyer sneered. "I do not take orders from you." The gallery members sat down and listened in silence.
She pointed at the bailiff and then the police officer. "I order it so, right here and right now! The time is early morning here and the sun has not sunk down into the horizon. So, you can work until sunset, sir. Mr. Police Officer, he will personally escort your sorry-ass right now back to the natural beach. Then he will escort your ass every morning at sunrise and stay there until sunset while you work with your client and clean up the beach. Make it so! Have a great day, ya'll!" Prudence slapped the gravel and nodded with a smile. "Please send in the next legal case, bailiff!" The gallery members swiftly stood upright from the pews and cheered with applauded with approval. The police officer shuffled towards the two males and grabbed a different arm, slowly escorting the two males towards the open archway with a bright smile. The galley members started to boo the criminal and his lawyer until the trio left the court room. Then the members sat down in silence and started at Prudence.
The bailiff shouted out loud. "Welcome to the Court of Special Jurisdiction! The Court of Special Jurisdiction hears specific types of legal law cases, without a jury of your peers. Thus, the jury box is empty during each case. The spectator area is called the court gallery and is located on the entrance wall in-between the double doors and is separated by the wooden bar from the rest of the court box with the judge and my person.
"Once your case number has been called, the accused and their lawyer moves from the gallery, passing the wooden bar, and then stops a few feet facing from the judge's bench, without sitting. The empty space in-between the wooden bar and the front of the bench is called the Well. There is not a single table or sitting chair located inside the Well today. Thus, each person will stand and face the judge today. This court is now in session with the presence of the Honorable Judge Prudence. The next legal case is number 1997. As I call out your number, not your name, please approach the bench and stand in front of judge in silence. The judge will review your personal legal case and ask you a set of personal legal questions. Please answer each question with honesty. Then the judge will rule you guilty or innocent based on her wise and final judgment. Thank you in advance."
A male of average height and weight displayed a head of cropped brown hair, a pair of turquoise eyes, and a tone of suntanned skin, wearing a black tinted business suit, a pair of matching black tinted dress shoes, and a red tinted dress shirt with a purple and gray bowtie, carrying a black tinted backpack. He stopped and stood in front of the judge in silence.
A tall, slender female with a head of unruly auburn tinted hair, a pair of brown eyes, and a tone of peachy-colored skin shoved a wheelchair with an elderly man through the open archway moving across the floor and then stopped standing a few feet from the male, squatting down and whispered into the face of the sleeping senior citizen. She wore a set of blue tinted nursing scrubs and exhibited a pink tinted dangling stethoscope around her neckline. 
The senior citizen displayed a head of shoulder length gray tinted hair, a dust of facial whiskers, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of brown tinted eyes and exhibited a king-sized body of fatness inside the wheelchair. He awoke and wiped off the mouth drool, scanning the room, clapping with a smile. He wore a dark blue bathrobe with a pair of fuzzy green tinted house slippers and a white tinted towel around his pale tinted neckline. His auburn-haired nurse continued to squat down and softly talked to the senior citizen.
A short and slender female entered the room next and wore a smirk, a head of cropped black tinted hair, a pair of aqua eyes, and a tone of peachy-tinted skin exhibiting a white tinted designer business jacket and matching skirt, a pair of designer fashion high heeled sandals in bright red hue, and a red tinted designer handbag in one cupped hand. Behind the butthole on the client's lawyer, a group of giggling and chuckling individual varying in height, weight, age appeared and then slowly slid down into two individual wooden pews while spinning around and loudly talking to each other about their father's legal case.
The black-haired lawyer of the client stopped and stood beside her client and his nurse while scanning the room, nodding to the other male, and then continued to scan the court room with a smirk.
On the judge's bench, Prudence stared with a stern face at the group of loud guests and slammed her gravel down on top of the wooden surface, shouting out loud. "Quiet down over there! I will have peace and silence here inside my court room." The guests did not quiet down. She pounded the gravel several times on top of the wooden surface and yelled out loud. "Quiet in here! Quiet! Stop talking! I am the only one that talks inside my court room." The guests did not quiet down again inside the court gallery. She pointed the gravel at the bailiff and then the pews of noisy guest. "Bailiff, please assist our guests inside the court gallery with the proper court room manners."
The bailiff nodded to the judge and left the Well space, stomping down the floor and then stopped, leaning over, sneering at the two pews of loud guests. Her voice was firm and soft. The group of guests immediately silenced and nodded to the bailiff. She spun around with a nod to the judge and returned back to her space, shouting out loud. "The next legal case number is 1997. Does each person sweat and swore to tell the truth in the eyeballs of our Heavenly Father, his son Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and all of your heavenly angels? I wanna remind here that each one of your heavenly angels is standing beside or behind or in front of your human body while hearing each one of your fibbing words or truthful sentences. And the heavenly angel always keeps a recording and tells his boss-man too."
The middle-aged male nodded with a smile to Prudence. "Yes, I do."
The middle-aged female wore a smirk. "I do." She reached down and punched the arm on her client with a smile.
The elderly male bobbed his head up and down with a smile. "Me, too!"
Prudence looked down at the sheet of paper and quickly read the sheet of piece with the legal law information, returning back and stared at the elderly male. "You have high blood pressure, a medical condition without a clinical cure. You visited your personal physician and the physician prescribed medication of tablets by oral method for your high blood pressure."
"But the oral medication did not help his current biological body. His blood pressure continues to raise which is producing minor heart attacks on my very sick client." The female lawyer smirked to Prudence.
Prudence nodded. "Fifteen years ago, you started taking the prescribed tablets by mouth to control your high blood pressure."
"The prescribed tablets did not work. The medication failed my client. He is slowly dying without a chance of life to live and see his great-grandchildren. The creators of the tablets, the World Drug Company, knew the medication was ineffectual but continued produce the tablets and sell them to the innocent physician throughout the world. Thus, my client has no chance in hell of recovering from his high blood pressure and cannot take the tablets to stop the raise of his blood pressure that flows into his heart. He has three months to live and then he will pass from the earth and go into heaven while leaving behind all of his sad family members." Her client grunted in pain and wobbled his bone skull side to side. Then the two pews of family members started wailing and sobbing with tears for their sick father and grandfather.
Prudence ignored the loud noise and frowned at the lawyer. "I have in my hand your personal medical chart coming from your personal physician. I am reading through your thick stack of papers encompassing your medical chart which details your high blood pressure. I have the prescribed oral medication which can control our blood pressure within three to six months. Did the prescribed oral medication control your blood pressure within three to six months?" The elderly man mumbled with incoherent words and shook his curls while mouth drooling over his parted chapped and red tinted lips.
The lawyer smirked. "Your Honor, why are you probing through my client's medical chart? You are not a licensed physician here in this US State or another US State or an international country. You are a licensed lawyer like me. I cannot read a medical chart. I rely on a licensed physician to read and clinical interpret all the medical information for my client and my person. You should do the same thing."
Prudence smiled. "True facts! I am not a licensed medical physician. However, your client employs a medical nurse, who can address my question."
The lawyer frowned. "My client is a senior citizen and very sick. He needs to return back to his home for his healthy welfare. And he cannot understand your question or provide an answer for you."
Prudence frowned. "I heard your words the first time, Ms. Lawyer. Nurse, can you address my question? Did the prescribed oral medication control your blood pressure within three to six months?"
The nurse frowned. "I have only be employed for two months, Your Honor. He has been on the oral medication for ..."
"I will address your question, after I return back to my office," the lawyer interrupted again. "I will email you the answer, if that will satisfy our curiosity."
"My curiosity is highly peaked and my brain cells is terribly not satisfied. Did the prescribed oral medication control your blood pressure within three to six months?"
"Your Honor," the middle-aged male smiled and held a stack of paper that came from his backpack. During the conversation, he slipped off the backpack and removed his notes for the legal case. "I can address all of your medical questions about her client."
"You cannot, sir!" The female lawyer turned and sneered at the male. "You are a representative from that World Drug Company and act as a legal lawyer for the profitability of that company. Your best interests is to hoard all of your trillions of dollars and allow each one of your sick patient to die in pain and suffering and in poverty, sir." Her client grunted in pain and wobbled his bone skull side to side.
Prudence giggled with a smile, "Are you finished narrating your demon tale, lady? I usually like to read a fairy tale, even the bad ones, but not today. This gentleman is a representation from the World Drugs Company. He is acting as a lawyer and he is also a licensed physician for the US State here in the USA."
The lawyer gasped in shock. "What!"
"Touché', sir!" Prudence winked at the male and then smiled at the female. "You should have done your homework assignments, like this doubled licensed lawyer and physician. Doctor, did the prescribed oral medication control your blood pressure within three to six months?"
The male lawyer nodded to Prudence. "The first application of the oral medication had been recorded to control his blood pressure which was fifteen years old. He was a young male with a slender and healthy body. Now..."
"Objection, Your Honor!" The lawyer sneered at the male. "He is not the personal physician of my client, currently present or fifteen years ago. He was still in wet diapers fifteen years old. This medical physician cannot review and interrupt my client's medical information." Her client grunted in pain and wobbled his bone skull side to side.
Prudence exhaled with annoyance. "So, which is it? A medical physician can or cannot review and interpret a patient's medical chart, even with his life time's work experience and a college degree as a licensed physician?"
She growled. "That medical physician cannot review and interpret my client's medical chart. This is HIPAA rules of sharing private information only between his physician and his person."
Prudence jabbed a finger at the lawyer. "You are wrong, as usual, again. When you toss a legal lawsuit on a person or a place or a profitable company, then you open up all of the stored tin cans, where all of the nasty worms are revealed and crawl out from the metal sides. His medical records are public property now and are available as a set of hard legal evidence in a medical lawsuit, ya dumb-ass attorney. Did you really go to law school and graduate? Do you have law license in this US State? Show me your law license!" She laughed with some of the bolder audience members. The family members of the old man offered the universal middle finger and loudly booed the judge. Prudence ignored the noise and vile visual effects and smiled at the female lawyer. "Thus I cannot attack the patient; therefore I should attack the disease." She chuckled.
The female lawyer gasped in shock. "What! What do you mean by that statement? Why are you attacking my client? He is a very old and very sick man. You...you are an immortal judge. I'm reporting you to the court system for your vile attacks at my client. Dismiss this case right now. I want another judge, right here and right now." Her client grunted in pain and wobbled his bone skull side to side.
Prudence clapped her hands with a nod. "Let us analyze the disease, high blood pressure. And we will all use our five human senses to evaluate another sick patient with this medical disease, but we will not pick on her client," she laughed with some of the audience members and the male lawyer. 
The lawyer tossed her arms and screamed in rage. "What! What does that mean? I don't understand your weird method here?" She jabbed a finger at Prudence and rocked her body back and forth in angry at the judge.
Prudence nodded to the bailiff. "Bailiff, please roll inside the Well a set of office chairs for the lawyers and the nurse. We are all going to be here for some time, until I have addressed all of my questions and I am satisfied with all of the final answers. Then I can make a wise legal decision for this legal case." The bailiff returned and slowly rolled out three office chairs into the Well distributing to each person in silence.
The female lawyer frowned. "Your Honor, I am a very busy lawyer. I have other legal clients. I have another appointment with a new client within thirty minutes. This legal session should not be taking so much of my precious work time, judge." Her client grunted in pain and wobbled his bone skull side to side.
Prudence nodded with a smile. "You can leave my court room. I grant my permission. The remaining trio of people can address all of my medical questions. Then I will make a legal decision and email you the response. How's that, bitch?" She laughed with the male lawyer. Some the audience members clapped and hooted with amusement. The family members for the sick father booed at the judge.
The female lawyer sneered at Prudence and accepted the rolling chair and sat down sounding with a set of low lady growls at the judge.
Prudence smiled. "The sharp female lawyer has pointed out that I am not a licensed medical physician. However, there is a licensed medical physician inside my court room today. Sir, could you please remove your lawyer hat and place on your physician cap for me?" The male lawyer accepted the rolling chair from the bailiff and nodded to the judge in silence while nervously rolling the chair back and forth. She smiled at the audience. "Now, the sharp female lawyer has mentioned that the present medical physician cannot interpret one single page of his medical records for her client. Thus, we are only going to discuss the facts of the disease, high blood pressure. I am going to ask the questions here as I am not the licensed medical physician but the smart judge. Then the medical physician can answer each question with his years of work experience and his schooled knowledge from medical school? And I am seeking approval from anyone here. What does the medical condition high blood pressure do inside a healthy biological human body?"
The male physician continued to roll back and forth over the smooth floor and nodded with a smile, speaking a loud firm tone. "Your heart organ pumps tons of blood proteins through a network of arteries, veins, and capillaries. The flow of numerous blood proteins pushes against the arterial walls inside your heart; this force of pushed blood is measured as your normal blood pressure gauge. High blood pressure forces more blood proteins that increase the flow line and keeps pushing heavier amount of blood against the arterial walls and also tightens the smaller arteries which are called arterioles. Each arteriole regulates the blood flow through  your biological body. When each tiny arteriole tightens, your heart organ must work harder to pump tons of blood proteins through the smaller space, thus the pressure inside the vessels grows or expanses. This medical condition of high blood pressure can damage the blood vessels, the heart organ, the brain, the eyeballs, and the kidneys and some of the other organs.
"Your blood pressure gauge can increase without the presentation of one or many clinical symptoms. If you experience a fever and a cough, then you have acquired the common cold, not high blood pressure. If you experience nervousness, sweating, sleepless night, or facial flushing, then you have acquired another virus, not high blood pressure. High blood pressure is nicknamed the silent killer, due to the lack of clinical symptoms. A sick person might not know that they have a high blood pressure gauge, until the person experiences a heart attack or a brain stroke. A severe high blood pressure gauge inside your body will cause a series of bloody nosebleeds, throbbing headaches, and dizziness inside the skull.
"A person should measure their blood pressure each year such like you tune-up your automobile every six months. Many grocery and drug store outlets display a blood pressure machine, where you can use for free and measure your blood pressure gauge. You should learn and know your personal blood pressure gauge. Else, you might experience a heart attack. You do know that your automobile takes either unleaded or leaded gasoline. Else the car does not run back and forth to your work place or the grocery store." He chuckled with the audience members. "The current medical statistics state that one in three Americans which is 80 million individuals exhibit a high blood pressure gauge that might or might be treated by a medical physician. The normal healthy blood pressure gauge inside your arteries is measured at 120 over 80 units of millimeters of mercury. An elevated blood pressure gauge is any measurement from normal upwards 129 over 80 units of millimeters of mercury. High blood pressure gauge starts at the measurement of 130 over 80 and higher. If you do not understand the numbers, then a visit to the free local health department with a medical physician can explain the medical information."
He continued to roll the office chair across the smooth floor and lectured to the audience. "Once you know that you possess an elevated blood pressure gauge which reads 121 over 80, your physician can advice a swift and dramatic change within your current lifestyle activities. Eat each meal with low-fat and low-salt dishes; lose weight; exercise thirty minutes per day, manage your stress, quit smoking cigars, cigarettes, do not drink alcohol or limit your alcoholic beverages, before you are required to swallow down high blood pressure pills or liquid juice. If your gauge continues to increase and exhibit high blood pressure, then you can take the pills or liquid juice to control your high blood pressure. If the medication does not help your high blood pressure, there are other treatments including diuretics that rid the body of water and sodium. ACE inhibitors block the enzyme that increases our blood pressure. Beta blockers, calcium channel blockers, and other vasodilators are available that relax and then widen your blood vessels that reduce the pressure inside each vessel. You should seek out a medical physician for medical advice. One more item, males and females within the age range of 40s to 60s can develop high blood pressure. Modern day medical researchers have found a gene within the human DNA that is linked to high blood pressure. If you possess this gene within your human DNA strand, then you might develop high blood pressure. You should learn and know your personal blood pressure gauge and talk with all of your older blood family members about high blood pressure diseases. There is no cure and no symptoms for high blood pressure, only a dramatic lifestyle change if you exhibit a high blood pressure gauge. I have finished my lecture, Your Honor. Do you have any more questions for me?"
Prudence stood upright from her chair and clapped with the audience members. "Excellent presentation, sir! I learned something new today."
The female lawyer stood from the chair and frowned at Prudence. "That was an excellent waste of my precious legal time here inside your court your. Your Honor, are you going to rule for my client right now? My other appointments are waiting for my person and my legal advice."
Prudence sat down and looked down at the medical records, looking up with a smile. "Now, we have learned of the disease, high blood pressure. Now, we'll apply the newly learned medical terms, conditions, and causes to her client. First, I will start by finding all of the funny medical names, such like, beta blockers. That should be an easy name to find inside his medical chart. I can clearly the pills for the high blood pressure medication."
"What are you doing?" The female lawyer stood upright from the chair as it rolled backwards and hi the swing door into the court gallery, yelling at the judge. "I object to this warlock hunt, Your Honor! You are not his personal medical physician and you cannot interpret his personal medical chart. We have discussed this dirty nasty medical records thread thirty minutes ago."
Prudence looked with a sneer and jabbed a finger at the nasty female lawyer, "I object to you, bitch. You have stalled, deceived, and obstructed true justice here inside my court room. Yeah, I cannot interpret a medical chart, but I can read numerous lines of familiar English words. Your client possesses the hardening of the arteries. This medical condition places pressure inside his arteries that cause the heart muscles that line the walls of the arteries to thicken up and narrow the passage of his force heavy amount of blood proteins. This medical condition leads to a heart attack or a brain stroke. He has experienced four heart attacks within the last three calendar years due to his terrible medical condition. His high blood pressure cannot reverse this medical condition or stop a heart attack on your client.
"He possesses an enlarged heart. High blood pressure increases the work on his heart organ. His heart organ had to grow bigger to handle the extra amount of forced blood proteins. The bigger his heart organ; the higher demand of blood which creates less blood flow inside his fat and obese biological body. He feels weak and tired and cannot leave his wheelchair and go into the kitchen and fetch a cold bottle of beer, bitch. His enlarged heart is getting worse, not better. The oral tablets for his high blood pressure cannot cure his enlarged heart.
"He possesses kidney damage. He goes once-per-week to the local hospital for kidney dialysis painful treatment to flush out his both of kidneys with pee and shit, before one of them gets infected and has to be removed from his biological body. The oral tables from World Drug Company that provided his high blood pressure or kidney damage.
"He possesses diabetes from his untreated and out of control high blood pressure that cause his eyeballs to bleed. But he can't see the blood proteins, because he is legally blind in both of his eyeballs.
"I do possess excellent human senses including sight, hearing, smell, taste, and touch. My two eyeballs of sight see a fat, overweight, obese, lumpy old man that cannot get outta of his new gleaming electric wheelchair. Did you purchase the wheelchair for your client, before you walked into this court room?"
"Yes," the nurse laughed behind her patient.
Prudence sneered. "My nostrils can smell the foul breathe of whiskey alcohol and packs of nasty cigarettes, since he does not bath properly inside or outside of that wheelchair. My eardrums can hear him snorting and then stop breathing from his sleep apnea. How many times did you stab him with that sewing needle in your right hand to keep your client awake during the legal case?"
"Lots," the nurse nodded with a smile behind her medical patient.
Prudence growled. "I dare not touch his creepy body fat or dirty skin cells as he has not bathed his skin in disinfection soap and clean water, less I contract some type of bug on my healthy glowing skin tissues. You can see the medical condition of your client and his long years of body and mind abuse from whatever. Finally, I see here inside his chart that he was unhealthy at the age of 43 years old and only ate the high blood pressure pills. He did not try any of the other alternatives medicines or treatments from a license medical physician for his high blood pressure gauge such like a beta blocker or an ACE inhibitor. So, you do not lecture to me about the ugly state of you client who ignored his physician and his own body."
The lawyer tossed both of her arms in frustration and sneered at the judge. "Fine! Have it your way, judge! My client was born with the DNA gene that causes high blood pressure. So what? He took all of his prescribed legal and purchased medication which did not help his high blood pressure, because the World Drug Company produces a shitty product that does not help a sick person but kills him dead down into a six-foot grave plot."
Prudence stood upright from the chair and nodded with a smile, tossing both of her arms in the air, dancing side to side with the truth. She shouted out loud. "Hallelujah! Eureka! Yaw-hoo! You hit the nail on the head with your legal sledge hammer, darling. Yes, that statement is so accurate, valid, correct, and right. The living soul inside your client's bio-shell had resided happily on the heavenly plane and then he was re-assigned to reincarnate coming back down to Planet Earth to work out his bad karma from years or decades or centuries ago. The living soul had been placed into a growing fetus inside the womb of his future mommy. Then he had been birthed into this cruel world as a tiny baby. He had grown up and had tons of fun as a child, developing into a wild-ass male teen and then a careless young adult. Then he got married and enjoyed his wife. He has four children, twelve grandchildren, and eighteen great-grandchildren. Your client is currently 66 years old, barely a senior citizen by rules of some business shops. Twenty-three years ago, he would have been 43 years old, a mature man in his prime of life. My point, dearie, his living soul left the sweet peaceful heavenly plane and entered into a human bio-shell that was assigned with high blood pressure. At the age of 43 years old, he was overweight, smoking, drinking alcohol, eating cow meat, consuming potato chips and sugary sodas, not exercising his fat body and greatly stressed out from his work job, his family members, and his empty bank account. So, he was fated to die around the age of 43 years old from the next big heart attack by Almighty God, who rules in heaven. However, his Free Will and his fat body went to a smart medical physician, who gave him a miracle bottle of little tiny green pills, in which, the pills were free of charge and paid by his health insurance company. He eat a pill each day and felt better, since he was 43 years old. But he did not stop all of his bad human habits and continued torment and torture upon his unhealthy biological body. Now, today, right here and right now, at the age of 68 years old, his body is tired and strained in pain and aches. His bio-shell body wants to die. His living soul wants to live Planet Earth. You want money. His family members want money. The whole world runs on money. Money does not go with you up into heaven or down into hell. Well, Lucifer might take all of your riches plus your evil soul," she laughed.
The female lawyer danced around the floor and jabbed her finger with a series of lady sneers at Prudence. "You're a crazy woman! You're talking nonsense. I'm getting outta of here and reporting to you to the local Law Bar Association. I promise. You'll lose your law license and your legal judgeship today, in one day."
Prudence continued to stand and jabbed her finger at the old man growling at the lawyer. "Your client experienced a heart attack at young age of 43 years old due to his fatness, poor diet, smoking cigars, drinking alcohol and lack of exercise plus stress. All of that true information is recorded here within his medical records of 300 pages. Then his Free Will acted and flipped the universal bird at Almighty God. Your client ate scientifically created miracle pills that kept his unhealthy body working for the next twenty-three years, without the aid of Almighty God, but the creation of modern day medical science and human scientists. Now, after taking tons of miracle pills for two decades, your client wants to blame the creators of the fake miracle pills that kept his heart pumping for two decades. That statement is true and does not make any sense to me. Your client is suing the same company that kept him alive to see his children grow and have babies. And his grandkids grow and had kids, so your client could become a great-grandfather. This is truly backwards, ya'll. Your client should be paying the World Drug company for his stinking long life. You cannot blame a company for not saving his or any other life form from a permanent death. Death is part of the life cycle after birth. Only Almighty God can save a life form from death, if he wants. But right now and right here, Almighty God is calling down the angel of death. Your client and his human time is up, girl. Your client is about to meet his Maker. I rule that the World Drug Company owes your client nothing, nada, zero and no monies. Your client, you, and all of his rude family members back there in the gallery lose it all and get nothing of that 100 million US dollars. Go and get outta of my court room, before a slap a contempt charge your fat ass, lady attorney!"
The female lawyer gasped in shock and spun around with a sour frown moving ahead towards the open archway while shouting back at Prudence. "I'm appealing your final verdict of my sick client to a higher court. Then I will get what I want. You gone! Me here!" All of the gallery members swiftly stood upright from the pews and started yelling and pointing at each one of the family members from the dying old man. The two pews of family members rushed from the court room and left the building with the lawyer close behind.
Prudence laughed. "You can try, honey! But your very sick client will be dead by the time you reach that higher court, not of law, either," she laughed out loud with some of the other gallery members.
The nurse started to turn the heavy chair around with heavy grunts. The male lawyer rushed to her assistance and took control of the heavy wheelchair, spinning the old man to face the open archway. They left the court room while talking softly. The gallery members clapped and cheered for the male lawyer, sitting down while slowly ceasing the noise.
Prudence sat down with laughter and shook her curls. "Bailiff, please call forth the next legal case. This day is crazy, so far. I feel that it will become crazier, before the sunset in this town."
The bailiff shouted out loud. "Welcome to the Court of Special Jurisdiction! The Court of Special Jurisdiction hears specific types of legal law cases, without a jury of your peers. Thus, the jury box is empty during each case. The spectator area is called the court gallery and is located on the entrance wall in-between the double doors and is separated by the wooden bar from the rest of the court box with the judge and my person.
"Once your case number has been called, the accused and their lawyer moves from the gallery, passing the wooden bar, and then stops a few feet facing from the judge's bench, without sitting. The empty space in-between the wooden bar and the front of the bench is called the Well. There is not a single table or sitting chair located inside the Well today. Thus, each person will stand and face the judge today. This court is now in session with the presence of the Honorable Judge Prudence. The next legal case is number 1998. As I call out your number, not your name, please approach the bench and stand in front of judge in silence. The judge will review your personal legal case and ask you a set of personal legal questions. Please answer each question with honesty. Then the judge will rule you guilty or innocent based on her wise and final judgment. Thank you in advance."
A tall, overweight, pale-skinned young adult male with a head of long shoulder length brown tinted hair, a face of scruffy brown tinted whiskers, and a pair of silver tinted eyes strutted into the court room alone. He wore a pair of faded blue jeans, a brown tinted tee shirt, a pair of polished red and black colored cowboy boots, and his baseball cap in green and white hue without removing the item inside the building or in front of the judge. Behind him, a short and overweight male padded ahead and carried a gray tinted briefcase displaying a blue tinted windbreaker jacket, a red tinted tee shirt, a pair of dark blue jeans, and a pair of polished black tinted cowboy boots. He presented a head of balding gray hair, a clean face, a tone of olive skin, and a pair of blue eyes and stopped standing beside the taller male, scanning the room.
A short and skinny black-haired, pale-skinned female entered the room and wore a stern face and a shiny black tinted bruised eye socket, a blue tinted bruise across one pale cheekbone, and cuddled a broken arm with an orange cast with lovely painted flowers. She dressed in an ankle-length red paisley dress with a  pair of red colored flip-flops and entered the Well space.
On the judge's bench, Prudence stared at the female with a gasp of shock and then swiftly stood upright from the chair without reading the piece of paper with the legal law information, jabbing a finger at the female while sneering at her husband. "Did you hit your wife, sir?"
The tall young adult male laughed out loud. "Yeah." The wife stopped and stood several feet from her husband in silence.
Prudence sneered at the husband. "I order this. You are sentenced two years for hitting your wife and will stay inside a shared prison jail cell while sleeping, eating and shitting from sunset to sunrise. During sunrise to sunset, you will go to work and earn you pay. If you still have hours of daylight, you will get a second working job for more money. The court will assign a court accountant to your wife. Wife, you and the court accountant will comb through the bank accounts and financial documents working to pay the monthly home expenses for the next two years. Then all of the extra monies, you get and pay for a divorce lawyer, ma'am. When you return back to my court room with a divorce lawyer, you will granted a divorce from that monster and you will get everything including spousal support and child support."
"Hey!" The husband sneered at the judge.
She turned and growled at the husband. "Shut up, fool! I am not finished speaking here inside my court room. Make it so! Take this fool back to work and let him earn his pay for the day. Then, take his sorry-ass to his prison jail cell for sleep. Then, repeat that for the next two years. Get outta of my court room, fool!" A court police officer appeared and grabbed the arm on the husband escorting him from the court room and into the hand of the local police officer for the order from the judge.
Inside the court room, Prudence turned and smiled at the wife. "Do you need a hospital room, ma'am?" She shook her curls in silence. "You are safe now. Your husband will not see you or your children for two long years. You can go home and recover now. Do you need anything else from the court or the police department?" The wife shook her curls with a smile in silence to the judge. Prudence smiled. "Good day, ma'am! You may leave my court room. Have a nice day! Bailiff, send in the next legal case." The wife spun around with a smile and slowly left the court room. The gallery of audience members did not clap or cheer with the serious domestic violent incident of abuse but nodded in silence to the brave woman, who won it all, finally.
The bailiff shouted out loud. "Welcome to the Court of Special Jurisdiction! The Court of Special Jurisdiction hears specific types of legal law cases, without a jury of your peers. Thus, the jury box is empty during each case. The spectator area is called the court gallery and is located on the entrance wall in-between the double doors and is separated by the wooden bar from the rest of the courtroom with the judge and my person.
"Once your case number has been called, the accused and their lawyer moves from the gallery, passing the wooden bar, and then stops a few feet facing from the judge's bench, without sitting. The empty space in-between the wooden bar and the front of the bench is called the Well. There is not a single table or sitting chair located inside the Well today. Thus, each person will stand and face the judge today. This court is now in session with the presence of the Honorable Judge Prudence. The next legal case is number 1999. As I call out your number, not your name, please approach the bench and stand in front of judge in silence. The judge will review your personal legal case and ask you a set of personal legal questions. Please answer each question with honesty. Then the judge will rule you guilty or innocent based on her wise and final judgment. Thank you in advance."
A mature, middle-aged female with average height and a plump body frame entered the court room wearing a pair of cut off blue jeans, a long white tinted tee shirt with a vile image of a naked handsome male, and a pair of white sneakers without a pair of laces or a set of socks. She wore a long ponytail of black tinted hair with streaks of green and pink colors, a pair of brown eyes, and a tone of peachy-colored skin and stopped, standing in front of Prudence.
Then a tall, slender, middle-aged female entered the court room and wore a tan colored uniform with a black tinted utility belt that held numerous items including a flashlight, a radio, a hammer, and a hand gun and a pair of dirty black tinted work boots. A tan colored cap over her short blonde hair. She displayed a pair of amber eyes and a tone of bronze tinted skin and stopped several feet from the short female while staring at Prudence.
The bailiff cleared her throat first and then yelled out loud. "The next legal case number is 1999. Does each person sweat and swore to tell the truth in the eyeballs of our Heavenly Father, his son Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and all of your heavenly angels? I wanna remind here that each one of your heavenly angels is standing beside or behind or in front of your human body while hearing each one of your fibbing words or truthful sentences. And the heavenly angel always keeps a recording and tells his boss-man too."
The tall female nodded with a smile to Prudence. "Yes, I do."
The short female smiled. "Yeah."
Prudence looked down and read the sheet of paper, quickly comprehending the legal law information, returning back with a gasp of alarm. "Did you allow five of your canine dogs to suffer and die on your home property?"
The short female sneered. "Naw! They didn't wanna eat. So, they died."
The tall female nodded. "Your Honor, may I speak!"
Prudence turned and nodded to the tall female. "Please do!"
The tall female slapped her chest and nodded to Prudence. "I am the local animal control officer. Her farm neighbor called my city department because of the foul smells and the howling dogs. When I arrived at her farm property, she was not there at her house. But I found five of her dogs had died from some type of sickness. The rest of her canines and felines were extremely skinny and sick also. My fellow employees collected up all the animals and took them to the assigned vetererian office, where most of them died of disease. Or the others were put to sleep. This is a very sad case of animal abuse, Your Honor."
Prudence gasped in shock and wiped the tears from her two eyeballs, softly speaking in sorrow. "I love animals. You're a sick mental and evil person, lady! I'm so upset with this terrible news that I do not know what to do or say or rule. I know. Is there an alien or two living here on Planet Earth or visiting my court room for the day? Please identify your alien self. I really want to read your opinion."
On the entrance wall, in the last row, a tall and muscular young male raised his arm first and then stood upright from the pew, nodding to Prudence. The male stood six feet and one inches in height with a head of cropped blonde tinted hair, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of golden tinted skin wearing a tight white tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of faded and shredded blue jeans, and a pair of polished orange and red tinted cowboy boots. "Hello, Your Honor! I am an alien that resides here on Planet Earth ..."
"Me, too!" A second tall and muscular young adult male stood upright from the pew beside the first male, slapping his chest at Prudence, nodding with a smile. He displayed a tone of dark skin, a clean shaven face, a bald mound and a pair of bright blue eyeballs with a set of painted black tinted eyebrows.
The first male leaned over and laughed into the cheekbone on his male friend. "You did not. You're not an alien, like me. I was born here as an alien, not a human or an animal or a fairy or a god, silly god teen."
The second young male chuckled. "Hey! I'm married to your sister. She is half an alien. So, I am half an alien, too."
On top of the judge's bench, Judge Prudence nodded with a smile. "Gentlemen, welcome to my planet and my court room! I really wanna know. What would you do with this wicked evil female human, if you could be the judge her?"
The first young male nodded to Prudence. "I would jail her person one year for each canine death, which is five years. I would take all of her assets, including her land, her animals, her house, her car, her clothes, and her other worldly possessions. Then I would make her work on another farm from sunrise to sunset and give all of her money to a canine rescue organization, so they can rescue and save more unhappy dogs. When she gets out of jail, she will continue to work and give her extra monies to the canine rescue organization for the rest of her active days and nights until her permanent death, Your Honor. And she cannot ever own a dog or a cat or a horse or a lizard or a snake again." The second male nodded with agreement in silence to Prudence.
Prudence nodded with a smile at the two alien males. "That's an excellent idea. Thank you, Mr. Alien. Make it so! I rule it!"
In front of the judge's bench on top of the floor, the short female spun around from the two males and waved both of her arms in the air sneering at the judge. "Hey! Are there really aliens living here with us? Why are aliens living here? Where did they come from? Why are the aliens hiding among us and away from us? Come out from hiding, aliens!" She laughed with some of the audience members.
Prudence exhaled with annoyance. "Yes, there are bunches of true outer space aliens living with you and me and her and him and them and they here on Planet Earth. And I cannot answer any of your earthlings questions, ma'am. But, you can ponder the answers in jail for the abuse and death of your innocent pets."
She sneered at the judge. "Hey! You can't take my land and my house, without my permission or without payment to me for my assets. And I can't go to jail either. There ain't no law about a sick dog dying from not eating its food."
Prudence sneered. "There is a law about abusing a healthy or a sick pet that lives on your land and house property when the pet is in your care for its welfare. That's the law that you have abused and broken. I am the law and order and justice judge here today. I can take and I will take all of your assets as a careless, mean, stupid, and arrogant evil person that hurts and abuse innocent animals and pets. Take her assets! Take her to a work farm. Then take her to her new sleeping room, a small prison jail cell for the next five long years. Goodbye, evil woman! Bailiff, please, send me the next legal case." The gallery of audience members stood upright with the two aliens and everyone started clapping and cheering with the wise judgment.
The animal control lady shuffled sideways and slapped a pair of handcuffs over the two waist bones on the short female while sneering over the blonde tinted hair roots on the short female also. They spun around and faced the open archway, slowly padding ahead as the audience members booed the criminal female and tossed piece of rotten fruit items at the short female hitting her arm and legs. They left the court room and to complete the judge's order.
The bailiff shouted out loud. "Welcome to the Court of Special Jurisdiction! The Court of Special Jurisdiction hears specific types of legal law cases, without a jury of your peers. Thus, the jury box is empty during each case. The spectator area is called the court gallery and is located on the entrance wall in-between the double doors and is separated by the wooden bar from the rest of the courtroom with the judge and my person.
"Once your case number has been called, the accused and their lawyer moves from the gallery, passing the wooden bar, and then stops a few feet facing from the judge's bench, without sitting. The empty space in-between the wooden bar and the front of the bench is called the Well. There is not a single table or sitting chair located inside the Well today. Thus, each person will stand and face the judge today. This court is now in session, with the presence of the Honorable Judge Prudence. The next legal case is number 2000. As I call out your number, not your name, please approach the bench and stand in front of judge in silence. The judge will review your personal legal case and ask you a set of personal legal questions. Please answer each question with honesty. Then the judge will rule you guilty or innocent based on her wise and final judgment. Thank you in advance."
A pair of tall middle-aged males entered the court room and wore a dark blue business suit with a white and blue stripped dress shirt, a red tinted necktie, and a pair of dark blue shoes. One male displayed a head of shoulder length brown hair, a pair of dark eyes, and a stone of dark skin. The other male exhibited a head of cropped black hair, a pair of light eyes, and a tone of light skin. 
They stopped and stood together in front of Prudence.
A tall and skinny mature male entered the room and wore a white tinted linen business suit, a peach colored tee shirt, and a pair of red tinted shoes, stopping and stood in front of Prudence.
The bailiff cleared her throat first and then yelled out loud. "The next legal case number is 2000. Does each person sweat and swore to tell the truth in the eyeballs of our Heavenly Father, his son Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and all of your heavenly angels? I wanna remind here that each one of your heavenly angels is standing beside or behind or in front of your human body while hearing each one of your fibbing words or truthful sentences. And the heavenly angel always keeps a recording and tells his boss-man too. Then we are all judged at the end of time. Amen!"
The mature male laughed at Prudence. "Why not!"
The middle-aged males nodded in silence to Prudence.
Prudence frowned at the confusing presentation and looked down, quickly reading the last sheet of paper with the legal law information and then gasped in shock, clutching her throat. She looked up and stared at the two middle-aged males, who were US Federal Government agents. Each male nodded in silence back to Prudence.
She gasped in shock and turned with a sneer to view the mature male. "You!" She gagged on her words and then cleared her throat. "I can't say it. I can't believe this, but I just read this." The mature male laughed out loud. She cleared her throat. "You are charged with raping a four year old little girl, a child, not a teen or an adult. Why did you do that vile act to that child?"
He laughed with a wink at Prudence. "She taunted me with her cute sexy walk and her cute sexy smile. Really, she consented to the dirty deed. So, I did it."
She gasped in shock and jabbed a finger at the male. "You...you are a sick human, sir. And you are a registered pedophile, who never went to jail but continued to work and live life like a regular citizen. You are a vile human and should be shot through the eyeball here on sight inside my court room. Does anyone possess a fire arm?"
Within the court gallery, each member stood upright from the seat and held up an individual hand gun, wiggling the weapon near a smile in silence. Prudence gasped in shock and then coughed out loud with worry. The mature male spun around with a smile and then gagged on his mouth spit, seeing rows of hand guns from an individual person that wanted to murder his body inside the court room.
Prudence nodded with laughter and waved her hand. "I ask, then I receive. Please put away your hand gun for safety, before I'm arrested. I wanna kill the bitch pedophile right here and right now, but I am a law and order and justice judge, today." The pedophile spun around and sneered at the judge.
"I will do it, judge." A tall and slender black haired female stood upright from the pew and slapped her chest nodding with a smile. "I can do it inside the interior courtyard with the pods of lovely flowers and the row of short trees. I can even bury the broken bones, the pile of ripped bloody flesh and the rest of dead body parts down into the soft soil. The maggots and worms and snakes and lizards will eat up all the human body parts for the dinner meal, Your Honor. Please, let me do right here and right now. I'm not afraid of the law," she laughed with the other gallery members.
The pedophile sneered at Prudence. "I am entitled to a fair trial of my peers. I do not hear a fair trial here or see a jury box of my peers. I don't see a jury box at all in here. Who are you? Are you really a judge? You appear to be a teenager with my experienced eyeballs. I have never seen your face, your name or your credentials in this courthouse. Where did you go to law school?"
Prudence gasped in fear and continued to sit in the chair staring at the pedophile. The other criminals and the other parties had not questioned her statue or her judgments, only this mature male, who was really cunning and smart.
She composed her nervousness and worries slowly rising upright from her chair, slapping her chest and sneered at the arrogant male. "I am the law and order and justice judge. You are a vile pedophile criminal that sucks the life from innocent children. You will be punished here and now. I promise with my living soul!"
"I will be freed with my living soul intact and unharmed too. I promise you and me and them and they and he and she. Place my person inside a private jail cell, then I will freed within the hour or less than sixty minutes or 3,600 seconds. No one messes with me, girly. The girl consented with me to do the dirty dance and we enjoyed it. She was a little green but no hurt. She will become more experienced over time," he laughed. "I am warning you now. No judge here within these land will jail me, but you. Do you best and then sat back and watch and learn, girly!" He laughed out loud.
Prudence slowly sat down and gasped in worry, holding her forehead, sobbing with tears of sorrow for the other innocent children that the vile pedophile had used and then abused. "I admit this legal case is beyond my human emotions, my humanity, and my human brain cells. I do not know what to do with you, sir. I do believe your mighty words and your friends in high places."
He sneered. "Then release me, before my friends in high places come here and find you, girly! It will not be pretty or quick, darling!"
The bailiff gasped in shock and said in worry. "What are you going to do with the pedophile criminal, Your Honor?"
Prudence nodded with a sad face. "He is correct. He will be released and freed to do more harm to children within an hour. I cannot stop him. The court system cannot stop him. No one can stop him!"
He smiled. "You have a sharp mind, judge. Now, release me, right here and right now! Then you can go about your legal business for the rest of the day."
She sat upright and nodded with a stern face, wiping off the sad tears. "He has friends in high places that help him. Well, I have friends in low places that aid me during times of crisis. Lucifer, I need you in here, right now, please." She smiled at the pedophile.
A flash of bright light in red hue jumped up from the wooden floor and stood in front of the judge's bench in-between the group of humans. Each pair of eyeballs stared at the wiggling vertical line. Then the line morphed into a mystery male of seven feet and six inches in height and wore a glittering golden bronze complexion, a pair of fiery amber golden pupils, a head of glistening light brown shoulder length hair, a pair of rippling sculptured biceps, and a hard chest of muscles underneath his stark white tinted tank top that was tucked down into a pair of faded and destroyed light blue jeans. The male slightly bowed his chin and looked up with a smile to Prudence. "Did you ring, sweetheart?"
Prudence smiled with a nod. "Welcome to my court room, Lucifer! I would like to introduce to you, Mr. Pedophile," she jabbed her finger at the mature male in the white linen leisure suit. The pedophile spun around and gasped in alarm staring at the super tall and handsome mystery male with worry.
The two US Federal government agents spun around in awe and stared at the super tall male, bumping heads, whispering to each other. The blonde-haired male smiled. "Is that guy part of a secret USA basketball team? How tall is he?"
The black-haired male smiled at Lucifer. "I do not know. But he should be playing for my favored professional basketball team. Then we will won every game and every championship for the next fifty years," he softly chuckled.
"Who did she call him? What was his name?"
He frowned. "Luke Furry. Or something like that!"
"That's a weird name!"
Lucifer turned and frowned at the pedophile. "I enjoy watching the nasty race of humans commit numerous naughty sinful acts here on the earth plane that always drops their living soul downwards into my homestead for a permanent heated vacation. However, me and my boy and girl demons find the vile act of harming young innocent babies and children cruel and abhorring. What are you going to do with him, Your Honor?"
Prudence frowned. "Well, I just don't know, Lucifer. Might you have some ideas or suggestions to present here inside my court room?"
His deep laughter rattled the four walls and the floor as the three standing humans slightly wobbled over the rumbling smooth wooden planks in shock, until the movement ceased.
The pedophile pressed down his linen jacket with a sour frown and then jabbed his finger at Lucifer with a nasty sneer. "Who is this man? Where did he come from? Is he one of your court agents? I told all of my higher up super rich and super arrogant friends that the USA federal court system is rigged with a group of secret spies that spy on each USA citizen, which is so wrong. I'm reporting both of you to my Command Center. Then they will sent out a death party of trained armed warriors to deal with both of you, swiftly and silently. No one will ever know that you ever existed here on the earth plane," he spun around with laughter and jabbed his finger at Prudence growling with fury. "Release me, right now and right here! Before, I get really angry and cause major trouble for everyone inside this court room."
Lucifer smiled. "Well, he threats like a four year child, who wants a chocolate cookie, before his suppertime meal. Is that the best you get, buddy? Because, I can illustration to you a true major threat in vivid colors of falling fireballs and fireworks."
Prudence flipped her hand in the air with a nod to Lucifer. "Actually, I tire of his empty threats and broken promises. Would you care to take Mr. Pedophile away from the innocent children and my court room and my person, Lucifer?"
He winked at the pedophile. "I would love to take care of your guilty shit ass criminal."
Prudence nodded with a smile to Lucifer, "Your acceptance is greatly appreciated," she slammed the gravel on top of the wooden surface and turned with a smile to the human male. "Mr. Pedophile, you are a filthy, guilty slime ball criminal. I do not know what to do with you or where to place you here on the earth plane. However, I do have a marvelous recommendation from a really nasty, super duper entity that enjoys entertaining really nasty humans. Your life force is sentenced for eternity living downwards from the earth plane into heated and sizzling fire hell. Now, I would like for you to meet your boss. This is Lucifer. Your turn, Lucifer!"
Lucifer stood in place and glittered in his golden skin while smiling at the pedophile. Then his golden skin slowly morphed into numerous ugly, gooey brightly red tinted skin blisters that covered his tall body. A pair of black tinted nods swiftly grew upward in-between the rows of red blisters and stood five inches in height appearing as two curved horns on the crown of his bone skull. He continued to stand in place and lifted up his palm, materializing a golden tinted upright pitch fork, cupping his hand with laughter.
The walls and the floor violently shook with movement. Each standing human wobbled side to side. The two government agents gasped in shock without experiencing a heart attack, tumbling into each other, dropping down on the floor in alarm and worry. Both of them swiftly scooted on the wall and moved away from the monster, hiding the wall corner and stared at the commotion in silence.
The pedophile continued to wobble over the floor thrusting out each one of his limbs trying to stay balanced while staring with worry at the tall and ugly monster.
Lucifer reached out and grabbed one of the flinging arms on the pedophile, dragging the human into his chest of stinging blisters while still laughing out loud. He stopped laughed and then the four walls and the floor stopped its movement. Lucifer looked down and winked at the pedophile. "You are coming to live with me at my homestead, which is called fire hell. And I have the perfect roommate for your eternity time at my lovely home. Do you know a fellow named Hitler? His last roommate begged me for a transfer away from Hitler. I don't know why. Maybe, you can befriend Hitler and let me know if you like your new bedroom accommodations." He snapped his fingers and laughed out loud. A large hole appeared on top of the shiny smooth wooden planks that emerged streams of white steam, cries of horrible pain, and a few fireballs of red, yellow, and blue flames that dissolved in the air without harming the earth plane. 
The pedophile looked down at his red tinted designer dress shoes and did not feel the solid wooden floor but felt the streams of sizzling heat, crying out loud in terror. "No! No! No!"
"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Lucifer in true appearance smiled with a nod at Prudence. "It has been nice doing business with you, Your Honor! Keep up the good work! And I hope to see you really soon. Bye, Prudence!"
She smiled. "Thank you so much for your brilliant recommendation and your needed assistance, Lucifer! I have a feeling that I will be seeing you very soon. Good bye, Lucifer and Mr. Pedophile! I do hope that you enjoy your permanent home." The gallery members swiftly stood upright from the pews and cheered with applause for the wise decision from the judge.
Lucifer and the human male swiftly dropped down into the fiery pit of fire hell and disappeared from the court room setting. The human screamed in fear as the open hole quickly closed up creating silence inside the court room.
The two USA Federal Government agents swiftly stood upright from the floor and tumbled over each other in terror while swiftly dashing over the floor towards the open archway. The blonde-haired male whispered to his work buddy. "Do not mention this event to anyone! We could lose our work jobs. I need my job. I need to get outta of here too. I don't know what just happened, but it just happened. And I don't wanna be a part of anything else just happening, either or neither or never or ever or foreverly."
His buddy raced with his co-worker in panic and worry also. "I heard that right. My mouth is shut. My eyelids are closed. My mind is empty. I did not see nothing in here. I know nothing in here. I wasn't even here inside this court room and this court house. Let's go back to the office and trash any evidence of Mr. Pedophile. He's a lost cause for us now."
Prudence clapped with the gallery members and laughed out loud.
The bailiff continued to stand in place in silence and pointed at the empty spot, where Lucifer had been standing, hearing the running steps of the two agents, turning to see Prudence. She lifted both of her arms in the air and screamed in terror at the judge. The two human agents passed the human bailiff. She returned back and followed behind the two humans escaping the cursed court room, leaving the court  house. She was quitting her work job and not tattling about that supernatural event to anyone. Else the medical authorities would lock her into the mental institution for the rest of her life.
The three humans exited the court room. The set of double doors slammed shut with a two loud separate booms closing the wooden doors. The galley members swiftly disappeared from each pew. Then the large court room was still and quiet.
Prudence stopped clapping and stared with puzzlement into the quiet room, looking down at the floor, waiting for the floor to open up and swallow her whole like an aquatic monster. The floor did not move or shake for the next supernatural weird event. She returned back with puzzlement and scanned the empty room again, exhaling with annoyance.
A tall, muscular young adult male appeared and displayed a head of silver tinted shoulder length hair and measured six feet and six inches in height. He possessed a pair of gray eyes and wore a pair of Levi designer brand blue jeans and a Burn U short-sleeved, tee shirt, and a pair of Jack Purcell designer brand white tinted athletic sneakers. He stood in middle of the Well setting while smiling up at Prudence in silence.
Behind the judge's bench, Prudence gasped in shock and slowly stood upright from the chair, jabbing her finger at the tall male. "I know you." He continued to stand nodded in silence. She nodded. "I mean that I know what you represent. You represent truth, independence, insightfulness, observance, forgiveness, foresight, hindsight, calmness, clarity, colorfulness, capable, confidence, conscientiousness, un-dogmatic, well-rounded, winning wisdom, wittiness, and vivaciousness." She chuckled out loud and sat back down in her judge's chair while nodding to him.
He nodded again in silence.
She exhaled with her inner thoughts and smiled at him. "I am here, because my mortality or my mortal values are being tested. The word, moral, comes from the Latin moralis. A moral is a clear message of rightness or goodness which is derived from a story, a piece of information, or a fun or scary experience. O boy! I definitely and defiantly have been experiencing numerous weird events today. Then the individual is left to develop a standard of behavior that reflects rightness or wrongness which applies to all her values. The new behavior consists of intentions, decisions and actions that govern the changed or non-changed individual and influences his social society. There are numerous moral good values including gratitude, appreciation, honesty, truthful, sincere, integrity, kindness, consideration, love, hard work, respect, cooperation, compassion, forgiveness, patience, selflessness, protection, responsibility, dependability, decency, justice, commitment, self-discipline, loyalty, faithfulness, no harm," she flipped her hand in the air with a set of giggles. "And I can go on and on and on. Even an animal possesses mortal values that determine right and wrong actions which are governed by an internal moral code of conduct which is deep down in their animal soul that comes directly from the Source. A moral code of conduct is a set of rules that display righteous behaviors and acceptance of all species with love and kindness. Too bad, the moral code of conduct inside a human was not instinctively goodness, instead of Free Will of mind, body, and soul."
He nodded in silence.
She exhaled with happiness and reached down, sipping the sweaty goblet of water, swallowing the cold liquid. She smiled with a nod. "Now, if you are discussing moral rules, then you must discuss the concept of ethics."
He nodded in silence.
She said. "The word, ethics, comes from the Greek word, ethos, which means character and the Latin word, mores, which means customs. The definition of ethics is an individual's concept of right and wrong and good and bad regarding conduct. However, morals and ethics distinguish the concept of right and wrong and bad and good conduct, where the two words are interchanged a lot. But a moral rule is a personal action or behavior or thought which is right or wrong and bad or good.
"An ethics rule comes from an external source that affects the individual's concept of right or wrong and bad and good inside a new or familiar social environment, such like, the home, the work place, the town hall, the church, the grocery store, the bank building and other places. An ethical mature person knows the difference between right and wrong and good and bad and has chosen to do the righteous, goody behavior over the nasty, bad conduct, even if the individual is faced with hardship, danger, or even a death act. Examples of good ethical behaviors within a society include respect for all life forms, animals, and elements of earth and nature; no harm on any life form, animal, and an element of earth and nature; civility to each life form, animals, and elements of earth and nature that exhibits righteousness and goodness for all. Other ethical actions for each human include justice, honesty, empathy, compassion, and responsibility for all life forms, animals, and elements of earth and nature.
"After I had been released out all of the trapped weird-looking supernatural beasties from the Furnace, I had dropped through space and time, landing down into a new environment. I found my person inside an enclosed room of solid white and lots of wet, moist stream that made seeing the room difficult. This had been my first test of moral character and true grit, gravel, and guts. A tall, unknown young male stood there and hit my face and cut my delicate human skin. Then his pretty girlfriend came inside and beat my body with her pair of fashion designer heels. However, this was a moral event, where I learned the lessons of patience, endurance, tolerance, uncomplaining, directness, humbleness, courage, and cooperation. These new moral values replaced my pain, sufferings, hardship, criminal intent, angry, gloominess, hatefulness, neurotic, obnoxiousness, outrageousness, reactionary, regretful, resentful, selfishness, shallowness, vindictiveness, and weakness. 
 "My second test was held on the sidewalk in front of an elementary school. The pair with an unknown male and an unknown female barely talked to me. But the unknown male had slipped a nickel to the human child, after the human child had prayed to the Source for help with the elementary school bully. At the end of the event, the bully had been catch by the school principal and the child had been happy again. I learned kindness, mercy, compassion, sensitivity, sentimental, sharing, sweetness, trusting, generous, and cheerfulness. My moral standards replaced the nasty characteristics of anxiousness, aggressiveness, assertiveness, craftiness, crassness, crudeness, deceive, frivolousness, greediness, maliciousness, thoughtlessness, treacherousness, and troublesomeness."
He nodded with a smile.
"My third test had been held inside an ancient coliseum which hosted a gladiatorial game with a circle of lions. I had been attacked by one of the lions and I had attacked a couple of the lions and then killed to keep from dying in blood and guts. I had learned to exhibit innovation, leadership, modesty, optimism, resourcefulness, respect, seriousness, drama, empathy, efficiency, effortless, faithfulness, imagination, creativity, adventurous, brilliance, challenging, curiosity, playfulness. These new moral rules replaced the bad characteristics of aloofness, weakness, bewilderment, brutality,  cowardly, desperation, destructiveness, difficulty, dullness, unhappiness, laziness, misery, obsessiveness, ridiculousness, rigidness, and rowdiness." 
He nodded in silence with a smile.
She nodded. "My fourth test occurred in a hot, dry desert, somewhere within the world. The world's largest airplane held an array of numerous small, medium, and large objects dropping each one from the belly of the plane. Each object flew through the air and tried to land down on top of my hair roots. I had learned the skills that exhibited logical thinking, intuitive reflexes, quick responsiveness, enthusiastic, discipline, flexibility, hard work, high-mindfulness, daring, alert, anticipation, debonair, and determination. My good values ran over all of my nasty human characteristics including coldness, coarseness, carelessness, confusion, discouragement, disorderly, fearfulness, ignorance, impatience, and stupidity." 
He nodded in silence.
Prudence nodded with a smile. "My last test had been here inside this human court room, where I listened to each fact and then ruled for punishment or award. I had learned perception, judgment, protection, prudence, purposefulness, realistic, reflection, responsibility, sympathetic, subtlety, fairness, helpfulness, heroicness, reward, balance, agreement, appreciation, and dedication. My good values flooded my bad characteristics including callousness, childishness, conceitedness, disrespect, domination, foolishness, insecurity, inhibition, insincerity, moodiness, narrow-mindedness, narcissistic, pettiness, power-hungry, presumptuousness, suspiciousness, superstition,  uncaring, and unfriendliness."
He nodded in silence with a stern face.
She slapped the surface and nodded with a smile. "I get it now. I understand now. My mortal values and personal beliefs were tested here and there. I am a moral female with good values and high ethics. This kinda like a moral training program for me. I am learning, by trial and failure, to better or best each one of my personal virtues and values into goodness, not all of my personal vices or iniquities into badness."
He nodded in silence with a smile.
She nodded. "I am a truth person. I am a good judge. I am a strong individual. I am a moral girl. A human acts and believes in values of goodness when interacting with other humans. A human value is a belief in working hard, living free in body and mind, and socializing with people and pets. A single human value forms in their mental thoughts inside their sane mind, releasing in nice and cheerful words and performing kind and loving acts. This good value is a stable long-term belief of importance within the human mind and soul. The set of good values provide order within the society and production of good choices that extends the commitment within the community for growth and prosperity.
"A good human value helps the human grow and develop into a nice person that helps all peoples, pets, and properties. A good human with good values creates a happy and loving community that thrives and flourishes into the future nights and days, weeks, months, years, decades, and beyond space and time here on Planet Earth.
"Else, the race of humans will not feel happy or thrive with goodness, but evil values and nasty beliefs that affect every person, pet, and property. Every single good or bad value lives and functions within the local community that defines each human and their personal nice or naughty characteristics that teaches each ethical or ethical principle and rules the community that influences an entire country of the entire globe.
"A good human values and believes in respect for all life forms, property, and nature, acceptance of change, consideration, appreciation, listening, openness, affection, empathy, and love towards all life forms and all species and property that is owned and ruled by Mother Nature.
"A family of humans with good values pass down honesty, loyalty, faith, and hard work to each child strengthens the family unit and the local community.
"I reside in the greatest country of the world, the United States of America. American humans establish their own set of values which include individual freedom of thought, words, actions; opportunity of competition and hard work, and small or massive collection of material possessions and wealth, the American Dream. From ancient American history, their blood kinfolks paid the price with their own blood and ripped guts for each one of these American values passing down generation to generation while sharing with their children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, great-great grandchildren and beyond.
"As there exist numerous humans with good, honest, and true values, there also exists many humans with bad, nasty, dishonest values that occupy our planet.
"A bad human values and believes in greed of material possessions, self-interest, selfie, infidelity, murder, harm to all including people, animals, property and nature without mercy or compassion while slowly becoming an immoral individual that exhibits immoral behaviors of self-indulgence and evil intentions."
She slapped her chest with a smile. "Well, my moral lecture is done. However, I am not human. I am not an angel. I am not a god. I am not a beast. I am not an animal. I am not a demon. I am not an alien. What am I?"
He nodded with a smile and finally spoke to Prudence. "You have been granted moral authority from the Source based on truths, good principals and independent thought and actions. This granted moral authority will curve and change our home world. So, use your new skills, thoughts, actions, words, and methods very carefully."
She gasped in shock. "What am I?"
He pointed at her with a nod and a smile. "You are a paranormal killer. You are called Paranormal Killer with a cool nickname of P.K. I like the nickname of P.K. best," He dropped his hand and slapped his leg with a grin.
She swiftly stood upright from the chair gasped in alarm, waving both of her arms in the air, "What! What is that? I've never, ever heard of that noun or that nickname."
He exhaled with confusion. "Actually, I read you, babe. I did not know that a paranormal killer entity ever existed within my life time, until this moment in space and time."
She slapped both of palms on top of the wooden surface and gasped in confusion. What! Why is that? Why is this happening to me? How was I picked or selected or chosen? I do not understand any of this."
He nodded with a smile. "I can address that question. You had been taught as a small child from your family members and your friends a set of good moral rules, where you had lived by each righteous rule into the present. Each moral misstep during your youth and teen years, you quickly learned from the mistake and reassessed your personal moral value and self-corrected your teenly behavior. A set of moral rules are taught over space and time and then reinforced by loving family members, nice friends, and kind strangers throughout your lifetime of eighteen years old. You are a great role model of righteous and good moral behavior to each man, woman, child, teen, and animal in every thought, deed, action, and word. You and your personal set of moral and ethical rules had been trialed and tested within harsh and hostile external environments, where your set of personal value triumphed and saved your fanny too," he chuckled with her.
He continued. "I stood in the background and studied you and your cool moves during each external setting. Your personal moral rules encompass responsibility, honesty, loyalty, respect, self-reliance, self-discipline, patience, kindness, gratitude, forgiveness, courtesy and others. Your ethical behavior demonstrated respect, honestly, fairness, dignity, equality, and diversity. Your personal values evaluate people, places, things, situations, and actions using justice, peace, generosity, integrity, accountability, diligence, perseverance, discipline, rightness, not wrongness, fairness, respect, no harm, no violence, no blood, innovation without limitation, drive without personal ambition and goodness, not badness.
"A personal value is a lasting belief that is shared with other life forms within any culture with good or bad intentions and desirable or undesirable growth. A personal value influences the behavior, attitude, ego, and psyche of the individual that glides or guides each situation.
"The Source needs a role model with only righteous and goodness values, behaviors, morals, ethics, principals, and rules, not amoral asshole, whose greed and selfish and self-interested personal decisions violate morality and confuse the natives, and exhibit wrongness and badness behaviors down here on Planet Earth. 
"A moral decision is the difference of belief, not a matter of preference regarding to help or to harm a life form, an animal, an action, or a situation. A moral principal is the quick or slow mental or physical decision with a right or wrong hand or thought or action or deed.
"A moral rule is an important concept in every life form. If the life form does not learn the moral lesson and adopt the moral rule, the life form chooses a good or a bad outcome. Each moral rule outwardly and internally reflects a nice or a naughty human character like a reflection mirror. Each moral rule builds a poor or rich relationship with family, friends, co-workers, and strangers. The Source wants you as a paranormal killer to go out into the world and tear down the bad stuff and build up the good stuff."
Prudence continued to stand inside behind the judge's bench and tossed both of her arms in the air and danced in place, screaming in panic and worry. "Wait! Wait! What! What! This new situation so complicated and complex and convoluted and confusing ..."
"I know. I am here to assist, P.K." He nodded with a smile.
She dropped both of her arms and slapped the black robe, gasping in shock, rubbing both of her temples and looked up, jabbing her finger at the tall unknown male. "I do know you for some strange reason. Your name is Thian." He nodded again in silence. Prudence exhaled with confusion and shook her curls. "You are a teen god at the age of eighteen years old. You led your god and goddess teen friends into a second Civil War with the other gods and goddesses against the race of Titans and Titanesses. You had no choice with the war fight. You and the teens had been betrayed by Titan goddess Gaia. Titan goddess Gaia or Earth goddess Mother Nature was unhappy with her status and her treatment from the race of humans and sought revenge, but she underestimated the strength of team work and the smarts of smartasses," she chuckled. "You and your teen friends were victorious but not without personal sacrifice and blood-shed with your other teen friends. I am so sorry."
A tall male appeared and stood inside one of the pews without signaling to Prudence. He stood six feet and five inches in height with a mesomorph body type, displaying a pair of board shoulders, a head of straight blonde hair, a set of bangs underneath a heart-shaped face with a precious pair of baby blues eyeballs, and a tone of olive tinted skin. He wore a white tinted tee shirt with the words: Burn U and a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a pair of black tinted cowboy boots.
Prudence looked up and gasped at the tall familiar male without a name, jabbing her finger at the male. "I know you. I met you inside that enclosed room with the drifting plumes of heated steam. You broke my nose bridge and bruised my cheekbones. Why did you do that, unknown sir?"
He slapped his chest and laughed out loud. "It really isn't me. I'm really a nice guy. They told me to do that to your body. I was just following orders."
"What! Wait! You do not like to follow orders. You are named Dallas. You fell from grace as a heavenly angel and lived down here on the planet as a fallen angel while stealing, cheating, lying to survive until the next sunrise. You betrayed another faithful angel and created a tainted angel, which is very rare occurrence. Then you were saved by a friend and returned back into the flock. Now, you are again a faithful angel."
Dallas sneered and crossed his arms at Prudence. "How does that young teenager of seventeen years old know all of my old and ancient, dark and black tinted secrets? I'm older than this ancient courthouse building."
"Shut up, Dallas!" Thian sneered at the angel and stared at Prudence.
A tall and pretty female appeared and stood beside Dallas cuddling his body, smiling at Prudence. The female stood six feet in height and displayed a head of long black tinted hair, a pair of red tinted lips, and a pair of green eyeballs on a tone of pale tinted skin. She wore a black tinted tee shirt, a pair of skinny black tinted jeans, and a pair of bright red tinted fashion high heels with a set of yellow tinted toe nails. Her right foot beautifully held a red colored birthmark in the shape of solid star inside the curved arch below her big toe.
Prudence jabbed her finger at the familiar female. "O! I am beginning to understand it all now. I know you, too. You were with him inside that enclosed room, for my first test of integrity, where you stabbed my foot with your spiked fashion heel and it hurt, mama. You are named Mella. You had been captured a baby soul inside your heavenly sphere by a Crimson Tail and then stored down in fire hell. A demon came along and broke your sphere and used his demon magic transforming you into a destroyer angel. You came down to the earth plane and caused a ton of messy trouble and then saved the human soul from fire hell. Then you died and was reborn as a human girl. Then, your first husband was murdered by his demon daddy and you were kidnapped by Satan and held for ransom. Dallas came along and selected the right door and freed your soul. Then, you become a faithful angel with faithful angel Dallas and a faithful husband to nasty Dallas also."
Dallas sneered. "I do not have to take this abuse of my person, right here and right now."
"Yes, you do and you can and you will." Thian laughed.
Mella smiled at Prudence. "She got it right!" She leaned over and kissed her husband Dallas, pulling back with a smile, staring back at P.K.
A tall, muscular young adult male appeared and displayed a body frame of six feet and six inches in height, wearing a pair of shredded black colored jeans, a maroon short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of cowboy boots. His blackish-blue tinted, wavy hair parted on the left side of the skull and a set of dusted black tinted whiskers covered his peachy-pale jaw line. A pair of blue eyes stared at Prudence.
Prudence gasped in alarm and jabbed her finger at the male. "I know you. You were present at my second test of purity, there at the unknown elementary school. You gave the young elementary school boy the nickel coin that saved him from the elementary school bully. Your name is Bo. You are a faithful angel and served one hundred years in that capacity while rescuing your bestest angle friend Dallas from a life of nasty attitude ..."
"What is your probe, girl? I am here in peace and harmony." Dallas snarled at Prudence. 
She smiled. "And Bo also saved a tainted angel with his deep love and devoted friendship. Then he married the heavenly angel Tina. Where is Tina?" Bo nodded with a smile in silence.
A new individual appeared and displayed a tall female body frame with a head of strawberry blonde hair, a tone of peach-colored skin, and a pair of blue eyes. Tina stood beside Bo, nodding with a smile to Prudence. Prudence smiled. "There! Tina is here too! She was with her husband Bo during my second test of purity with the young elementary school boy. Thanks for allowing me to see the truth back then and right here." Tina nodded again with a smile to Prudence.
The winds swirled with heated air. A tall muscular male stood six feet and six inches in height with a head with a Mediterranean tawny complexion, a head of short curly black colored hair on a heart-shaped face, an aristocratic nose, a pair of chiseled cheekbones, and a set of turquoise colored eyes, wearing a matching outfit with the other three supernatural creatures, a long sleeved tee shirt, a pair of matching jeans, a thick body vest, and a pair of cowboy boots.
Prudence gasped in shock and stared at the new tall teen male. "I know you. You were at my third test of purity, which was held inside an ancient coliseum and you had hosted a gladiatorial game with a circle of lions. Your name is Ares now. But, you were born with the name of Marcus. Then you and your god teen friend Thian led the civil war with the race of Titans and Titanesses that all of the Greek and other pantheons won for the humans and aliens and other life forms here on Planet Earth."
Ares nodded with a smile at Prudence. "She got it right!"
The breeze twirled with cool air inside the court room. A tall young female wore a matching white tinted outfit with her supernatural friends and possessed a  head of long silver tinted hair strands standing six feet and zero inches in height. Her body frame slender was painted in an olive skin tone  and with a pair of grey colored eyes.
Prudence gasped in shock again and pointed at the young teen. "You are named Thianne. You are the twin sister of Thian and a new goddess. You helped defeat the race of Titans and also are married to Ares. And you were Congratulations, Thianne!"
Thianne nodded with a smile and reached over, holding hands with her husband, "Thank you, Prudence! Welcome to our small band of crime fighters!"
She gasped in alarm. "What!"
Thian shook his shoulder length curls at Prudence. "That will be explained later, Prudence, once we are all here."
The light breeze swirled in heat and revealed a young female, who displayed a petite body frame with a head of long flowing strawberry-blonde colored hair, a pair of violet eyes, and a tone of pink tinted skin wearing a matching white tinted outfit like her friends.
Prudence gasped in angry and pointed all her ten fingers while bouncing up and down at the petite teen. "You! You! You tried to kill me by dropping a commercial airplane on top of my head. But, I did survive it all. So, thank you for helping me to learn flexibility from my fourth test that had occurred in a hot, dry desert, somewhere within the world!"
A harsh wind blew around the room, when Thian lifted his hand and stopped the hurricane wind. "Stop it, Hansel!"
"I don't go by that name, god-man!" A tall young male appeared and stood beside the petite girl, wearing a matching white outfit like his other friends, displaying a head of shoulder length blonde tinted hair, a pair of pale blue eyes, and tone of peachy-colored skin and stood six feet and five inches in height. Handel leaned over and sneered at his old friend Thian, standing upright, slapping his chest. "I am named Balder."
"You are named Hansel from the USA and stand beside your married goddess wife, who is named Bibi. Both of you worked with Thian, his twin sister Thianne, and his friend Ares," Prudence smiled. "And you both were in charge of my fourth test of purity, which I did passed."
A soft breeze fluttered through the room and then four individual appeared at once. A tall and slender female displayed a head of blonde tinted long hair, a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of golden tinted skin that matched the body features of her husband. The second female possessed a head of long red tinted hair, a tone of pink tinted skin, a pair of violet eyeballs. The second male wore a tone of dark tinted skin and a pair of blue eyeballs without a single strand of hair on his exposed body parts, including his two naked arms, two nose holes and without a pair of eyebrows.
Prudence nodded with a smile. "I recognize two of the four individuals with my two eyeballs but my active brain cells knows each one of you for some strange reason. You are alien Risa with your alien husband, Seventh Son Garth standing beside your best friend goddess Cinta and her husband god and Seventh Son Beck."
Cinta sneered. "I beg your pardon."
She nodded. "Excuse me! I like to read about alien princess Starra and her boyfriend Rann from that awesome e-novelist ELA too. She wrote the e-novel Unknown Me that introduces Starra and Rann. Thus, Cinta is greater than any god or goddess or alien or human or prince or princess here on Planet Earth and throughout out the Milky Way Galaxy. Cinta is really an alien goddess with alien and goddess supernatural powers that saved her boyfriend, her best girlfriend and her brother."
She nodded with a smile. "Yeah, that's much better!"
Garth laughed. "Please excuse my arrogant super hero sister, Cinta!"
Prudence nodded with a soft giggle. "My last test had been held here inside this human court room, where I had learned judgment of right from wrong. And Garth and Beck had provided a wonderful judgment for a human criminal which had harmed her pets. So, the whole gang is here!"
Dallas tossed both of his arms in the air and slapped his legs. "That's my line, doll! Now, the entire gang is here for some purpose. What is my purpose or presence or non-absence here?"
Thian nodded with a smile to Prudence, waving his arm. "Come on down, Prudence! Then, we will all learn of her purpose here inside this human court room, where Dallas serves no purpose whatsoever for any reason." He chuckled with the others but Dallas.
Dallas snarled at Thian. "What is today? Pick on the angels' week!"
Risa winked at Prudence. "Only one heavenly angel is the troublemaker that causes trouble here, Dallas!" She laughed with the others.
Prudence stood upright from the chair with slight intrigue and much fright, slowly climbing down the each wooden step. Her black robe immediately transformed into a new solid white colored warrior outfit. She wore a long-sleeved tee shirt underneath a sleeveless vest that was zipped up into her chin, a pair of skinny jeans, and a pair of shiny cowgirl boots with a set of pointy toes. She landed down on the floor with a smile and danced with happiness of her new purpose while moving across the smooth floor. The numerous pews disappeared with the judge's bench and was replaced with a large single round shaped dark wooden smooth eating table with a circle of matching chairs that held a different colored padded cushion.
Each person scooted around and selected an empty chair, sitting down, softly mumbling to each other, except for Dallas. He stopped and stared down at the padded cushion, pointing down at the cushion underneath the butthole on his angel friend Bo. "Hey! I wanna sit down on the brown tinted cushion with the fighting green and gray colored dinosaurs. I don't wanna squash the cute yellow-tinted baby chicks. I like baby chicks."
Bo reached up and grabbed the naked forearm on Dallas, jerking his friend down into the chair with a sneer. "Shut up and sit down, Dallas! You've been a pain in the butthole, since we arrived here. This meeting is not about you, but about Prudence."
Dallas wiggled his ass around the padded cushion and laughed out loud. "Naw! I'm be a good boy," he leaned over and smiled into the cheekbone on his wife Mella. "Aren't I a good boy, doll?" She giggled and then leaned over, kissing his lips, pulling back with a smile.
Prudence reached the opposite side of the table and stopped, smiling down at the padded cushion with a flock of colorful butterflies. She sat down and slapped both of her hand onto the smooth surface, scanning each face in silence.
Thian nodded with a stern face and sat beside his sister Thianne. Thianne sat beside her husband Ares. Thian said to Prudence. "Each one of us is also a paranormal creature, a specific type of paranormal creature. But, you know that all of that new information, right now. Each one of us here possesses a set of multiple supernatural talents, such like, image projection, invisibility, flying without or with wings, super strength, super hearing, super sight, and a list of super-duper things also. However, each one of us is a nice, not a naughty paranormal killer. The naughty list includes rouge angels, vicious demons, vile gods and goddesses, sneaky shift shapers, creepy aliens and some outer space monsters that I am not going to identify. Most of the paranormal creatures are comprised of individual visiting aliens that were not born here on Planet Earth, but like to visit or depart numerous times from the soil and inside their private outer space ship. However, some of the aliens are centuries older than the dirt and have decided to stay and play with the race of humans here on our home world."
Prudence turned and nodded to Garth. "I thought you had destroyed all of the aliens here on the planet, Garth."
Dallas shook his curls. "Her memory bank is fully charged. I didn't learn that secret until last week. How does she know so much?"
"That's her new job, Dallas. Now, be quiet!" Bibi frowned at the arrogant heavenly angel son from Arch-angel Gabriel, the second more important angel in heaven.
Garth shook his bone skull and cuddled his arm about his wife Risa. "Naw! We killed my clan of aliens that wanted and tried to kill me, my wife Risa, my sister Cinta, and my god friend and brother-in-law Beck. I and my sister Cinta are the only ones from my original alien clan. There are lots more races of aliens here that do not resemble me or you or an angel or a god or a goddess, babe. Those are the rotten apples inside the pickle barrel that need to be found and then terminated. This group has been working together to rid the planet of the bad seeds. However, some of the advanced aliens are older than mud and possess some incredible supernatural powers that I can't touch. I am a seventh son with some awesome powers. I can do tons of neat tricks but not rise the dead," he chuckled with the others.
"I can do that. Call me when you need to raise a dead body!" Dallas lifted his hand and laughed out loud to Prudence.
Bo reached over with a frown and slammed the palm on Dallas down onto the hard surface with a loud slap while growling at his silly friend. "You cannot, Dallas! An angel cannot perform that heavenly trick. Drop down your hand, man! And be quiet, bro!"
He rubbed his whiskers. "Ya know, one day, I might try to perform ..."
"Shut it, Dallas!" Ares sneered at the arrogant angel.
Thian continued. "You possess tons of neat supernatural tricks also with your new body and new title and new work job. And your body is special, such like, a ghost to all the humans and a lovely girly image to all the paranormal creatures, so you can complete your primary job. You do not require food or drink or shelter or sleep. Your primary job is to find and terminate any paranormal creatures that threaten or harm or kill another human. The race of humans are a protected species here on Planet Earth. This is their native home. The other aliens are only visitors. The Source is sick of the invaders that prey and probe and pry into the life on every human. And he has finally decided to do something about it, permanently."
Dallas laughed. "The race of precious humans are still in the stupid class, until they learn to ascend their higher selfie from the third dimension into the fourth dimension, where they will meet some of the nice and some of the naughty aliens. Then, the real fun begins."
Thianne nodded. "At the fourth dimension of continuous time and space, a human can see and communication with an alien, not an angel. Once each human releases their fears, stresses, and worries, each human can ascend into the fifth or beyond dimension of space and time and then view one or  more heavenly angels while learning of their final fate here on the planet."
Bo nodded. "Our paranormal role is to aid the human and guide the human throughout their living days and nights here on the planet. Of course, when the human bio-shell dies, the living soul ascends back into heaven for some needed rest and relaxation and recovery. Then the living soul is assigned a new human role and is reincarnated down into a new conceived fetus returning back here on the planet. The living soul continues to fight against the human flesh. But the Source has determined that the invasion force of aliens is purposefully interfering and influencing his precious children, more than Lucifer and his nasty demons." P.K./Prudence nodded in silence to her new mentor.
Xambree nodded, "And my uncle Lucifer is not happy about that either. Beware, P.K! Lucifer and his demons are also tracking down some of the vicious aliens and terminating their life force, right there on the spot. The Source approves, this time." P.K./Prudence nodded in silence to her new mentor.
"So, if you see an angry demon, run for your life and into the mountain peak to save your pretty hide!" Dallas screamed out loud and waved his hands with silliness. Mella reached over and slapped his chest with a lady sneer. He coughed out and then laughed with the others.
Hansel nodded to P.K. "Like us, you are to protect any human in harm's way, even if it means killing the paranormal creature. We, sometimes, are forced to do that, too. So, don't be guilty or sad! The Source wants his children safe and sound. Your new job starts right now. You are the only paranormal killer on the planet. You have been trialed and tested by the Source and you are the only one that passed the tests. Congratulations, kid! You are it!"
Thian nodded. "You are alone and lonely as the only paranormal killer. No one but this group here at this table, the major arch-angels, and the Source knows of your existence. When you leave this building, which is a facade, you will begin your journey."
Bibi smiled. "You have been granted with special powers that even an alien cannot defeat. Don't worry! You will win each war battle and snap your fingers and get a new clean outfit." The others cringed and then moaned with disgust. P.K./Prudence nodded in silence to her new goddess mentor.
Thian smiled. "Well, my lecture has finished. Does any other creature have any additional information for P.K.?"
"I don't like your new name, doll. You should select a new one, before the start of your new job," Dallas laughed.
Ares nodded. "Do you have any questions for us, before you start your new job, without pay, but lots of murderous fun, P.K.?" He laughed with the others.
P.K./Prudence nodded with a stern face. "What happens to the dead paranormal creature by my hand?"
"Nothingness!" Bibi smiled.
Argus nodded. "A terminated paranormal creature becomes part of the earth and does not grow back like a tall weed of grass either. So, you keep trucking and terminating all the naughty paranormal creatures."
P.K./Prudence nodded with understanding and frowned with curiosity. "I'm up to the challenge of my new job. And I grateful to the only paranormal killer here within the universe. How do I find the first one? Where do I start my journey? What do I do first?"
Argus nodded. "After you feel comfortable in your new clothes and with your new feelings, this place will disappear. You will land down somewhere on the planet. Your job covers the entire world, not the moon, the stars, and the other planets. We have sets of scout teams on the other planets. You will walk the planet alone. Sometimes, one or two of us will meet you and work together with the troublesome alien. But, mostly, you are it."
She smiled. "Do I receive a new personal mobile telephone?"
Mella laughed. "You are the personal mobile telephone, P.K. You have the ability to talk to any paranormal creature at anytime and with a human also. But, I do not recommend this line of communication. The human will be shocked and stunned and might die right there on the spot. The paranormal creature might not be friendly and try to murder you on the spot," she chuckled with the others.
P.K./Prudence nodded with a stern face and stood upright from the chair, slapping her legs. She nodded to each face. "I do not possess any more questions. I am ready to start my new job."
The others stood upright from the chair and nodded to P.K. in silence.
A long sword appeared on top of the wooden table. Argus pointed down with a smile. "Your super duper paranormal killer weapon, no enemy can defeat. Good luck Paranormal Killer!"
"Don't call us ever! We'll never call you either!" Dallas laughed out loud with some of the other supernatural creatures.
Bo leaned over and slapped the bicep on Dallas, smiling at P.K. "Good bye and good luck, P.K.!"
Tina smiled. "Good bye and good lick, P.K.!" They disappeared from the human court room.
The rest of the paranormal creatures called out a faint farewell and a swift good luck while quickly vanishing from the human court room.
P.K./Prudence stood alone and smiled at the quietness of the room, reaching out, touching her new sword. The room disappeared. She, the newly named Paranormal Killer by the Source, appeared in the middle of the roadway, wearing her battle gear in solid white. She stood in place and watched each speeding automobile pass her stationary body looking up with a frown, shouting at the clouds. "Thanks for landing me down on the dotted line without getting squashed like a love bug, ya'll," she looked down and leaped up from the pavement, flying through the air, landing down the vanilla colored sidewalk and stood in place. "What do I do now? I'll hear the lying tongue from the enemy. Yeah, I open my eardrums and hear the lies coming from the enemy. I shore hope I can do this," she exhaled with annoyance with her first day on the job as paranormal killer and started strolling down the sidewalk while scooting around each human. She really didn't have to do that but it eased her mind. She was a ghostly figure in white and could glide through all solid matters including walls, floors, ceiling, automobile, animals, and people, which was an eerie thought. P.K. would just avoid the moving humans keeping her peace of mind. She did not recognize the city setting and wondered if she was still in the USA proper.
The narrow city street was standard paved gray hue with numerous automobiles that blew the car horn and carried rowdy people inside the cab. On each side of the street, an array of two-stories in wood but painted in bright, cheery pastel colors consisting of pink, lavender, mint green, yellow, pale blue and orange. Each store front displayed merchandise or sitting table for eating food. Some of the store fronts held a group of small musicians playing live musical songs. People danced down the street to the live music or roamed the streets window-shopping, eating outside, talking on the mobile telephone, and socializing with family or friends.
  P.K. halted with a gasp on top of the sidewalk as individual humans rushed through her ghostly image. She closed her two eyelashes hearing the mumbled words.


You are going to become rich in short time. Congratulations! To continue our session, please pay me another three hundred dollars. Don't worry, honey! You will become very rich very soon. This is a small offering for my awesome service. I am forecasting your future, dear.


On top of the sidewalk underneath a cloud day, P.K. opened her two eyelashes and sneered in angry. The drifting words through the air currents flowing into her pair of supernatural eardrums were coming from a naughty paranormal creature that was taking advantage of a poor, stupid human female. PK could smell the human odor. She turned and scanned the rows of building on each side of the busy city street and identified the residence across the city street, strolling ahead with a smile. She padded through some of the speeding automobiles, without harm to her body or her soul. She stopped on the edge of the sidewalk and stood behind the telephone pole, snapping her fingers with a smile. Her clothes morphed into a yellow paisley dress and a pair of white tinted flip-flops out from her standard paranormal killer battle gear. She fluffed her long brown tinted hair and checked her breath for sourness. She giggled with a smile. "I'm a human girl again with bad breathe and messy hair," she giggled and shuffled ahead with a grin and approached a two-story wooden building with pink tinted paint that needed to be re-painted. The upper story displayed a crowded balcony with old yellow tinted living room furniture that exhibited crawling dead brown tinted vines of numerous fossilized dead brown and yellow tinted flowers and smelled of dead bugs.
The ground floor consisted of two large glass windows which were covered in array of painted wooden signs and electronic glittering neon lights that advertised the services of a fortune teller and all of her magic tricks. The advertisement signs blocked the bright sunlight into the first floor. In the middle of the two glass windows, a single glass door marked the entrance into the shabby building.
P.K moved ahead with a smile and walked through the glass door like a ghost and then halted a few feet into the new room with a gasp of shock, spinning ahead to view the entrance door. She stared at the glass door and laughed out loud with amusement while whispering for her eardrums only. "I do have some super duper paranormal killer powers. I can walk through a solid object." She returned back with a smile and scanned the interior room. The room was empty and displayed a row of sitting chairs in various sizes, colors, and textures. The upper portion of each wall displayed cracked blue tinted paint that needed repair and repainting.
On the forward wall in the middle of the space, an open doorway stood without a door but displayed a thick black tinted curtain with patched spots and tiny holes from moth bites, which led into a second interior room, where the fortune teller conducted her magical business and worked the stupid human out of cash money. 
No other relative of the fortune teller greeted a new customer to see the talented fortune teller, who was named Shugong based on all of the hand-painted and electronic advertisement signs.
P.K. scooted sideways and sat down in a straight-back wooden chair on the short side wall with slight nervousness of her first assignment as a paranormal killer and lots of angry at the paranormal creature for fooling the innocent human. Her supernatural hearing could clearly hear each word coming from the fortune teller while conning the young human girl inside the second interior room.
P.K. sat without fidgeting and watched the dark curtain. Then the previous client opened the curtain and bounced ahead towards the entrance glass door while giggling with a smile. She opened the door that sounded with a tiny musical ding tone and left the building, padding into the sunlight. The glass door slowly closed shut in silence.
P.K. continued to sit and sneered at the fake information that had told to the young human girl, since P.K also had the ability to see all of the upcoming future events, if an external force did not interfere with the human. And that poor human girl was going to lose your current job and her current boyfriend and fight with her single parent while crying into a depressed state of worry and defeat. 
Inside the second room, the fortune teller appeared and draped the curtain around her tall, overweight body wearing a multi-colors in orange, brown, yellow, red, green, and blue stripped silk scarf around her bone skull, without seeing her hair strands. Her big earlobes displayed a pair of gigantic golden hooped earrings. Her face was painted in bright colorful makeup consisting of hot pink lipstick, orange tinted cheekbones, and purple and green eye shadow on each eyelid. A golden plated nose ring pierced the center of her nostrils. A silver plated ring pierced her left eyebrow. A pearl choker suffocated her thin throat and each wrist bone wore an array of rattling bracelets of gem stones. Her skinny body was covered with ankle-length dark blue cloak like a magician's robe with patches of big dull yellow tinted stars. Both of her ankle bones wore a set of ankle bracelets in gold and silver hue. Her naked feet lounged in a pair of ratty brown tinted flip-flops.
She started at the door and then turned with a gasp of shock seeing the new customer, touching her earlobe and smiled at P.K. "Well, I must be deaf but not blind. I did not hear that tiny bell ring dong while announcing my new customer. Come in, child! Come inside and let me tell your future happenings," she back stepped from the archway and allowed the drape to cover the doorway, spinning around to face the room.
Inside the reception room, P.K. nodded with a stern face in silence and slowly stood upright from the chair, padding towards the curtain, knocking the thick fabric to the side and entered a tiny new room. The second interior room was half the width and length of the reception room flooded in dull light bulbs that stood in each wall corner. The entrance wall and the adjoining side walls contained a panorama view of outer space in dark blue paint and hand-painted silver tinted individual stars, six colorful planets, and a large yellow and red tinted solar sun.
On the forward wall, a hand-painted golden tinted pyramid dominated the space with a seeing eyeball on top of the point. In front of the painted pyramid, a round shaped medium-sized table wore a pink-tinted tablecloth with rows of tiny yellow flowers on the fabric that puddle down on top of the wooden floor. A wingback chair in bright aqua hue hugged the painted wall, where the Shugong, the fortune teller sat and smiled at P.K. while motioning to the chair. A dark wooden dining room chair without the arms and a padded cushion in orange and blue colored flowers stood in front of the table for the customer.
P.K. moved across the floor with a stern face and stopped, sliding down into the chair, feeling the emotions from the previous human girl, shaking her curls and exhaled with annoyance. She slowly breathed out a series of sour odors and controlled her runaway girly emotions focusing on the fortune teller. Her new awesome paranormal powers smelled the foul staunch from the alien's body but could not see the true alien form.
P.K. appeared as a human girl to the alien, so she could not see the true alien form either. Maybe, this was a defense technique, so P.K. would not accidentally murder the wrong alien.
The fortune teller/alien nodded with a smile to P.K. "What are your troubles, honey? I know. You got some bad man troubles." P.K. nodded in silence. Shugong smiled. "Well, I can fix those nasty man troubles right up with a snap of my fingers and one hundred dollars in cash."
P.K. reached down into the pocket inside the dress and pulled out the money, counting out the stack of bills in silence in front of the fortune teller and then slid the cash to the woman with a nod.
Shugong snatched up the money and double-counted the amount, storing the wad of bills down into the pocket on the ratty dark blue magician's cloak, looking up with a wink at P.K. "I will start your future reading using your hand palm." P.K. slid her left palm over the tablecloth in silence. Shugong shook her head scarf and rattled both of her wrist bone bracelets. "I need to see your right hand, honey." P.K removed her left hand from the table and displayed her right hand staring down her palm in silence.
Shugong smiled down at the brown tinted hair roots on P.K. "Palm reading is an ancient art form of future life events, since the beginning of time. There are four individual crease lines deep in the palm of your right hand that tells your future and highlights your personality, the Heart Line, the Life Line, and the Fate Line. I always begin with the Heart Line first. The Heart Line runs horizontally across the top of your palm starting from the left side of the pinkie finger and glides to the right side towards your index finger. The Heart Line indicates your emotional stability and your romantic perspectives of love.
"If your Heart Line stops below the index finger, you are picky in love matters and love mates. If the Heart Line stops below the middle finger, you are selfish in love matters and love mates. If the Heart Line stops in the middle of your palm, you fall for any love mate. If the Heart Line is straight and short, then you are not concerned about love matters or love mates. If the Heart Line is long and curvy, then you freely express your love matters for your love mates. A faint Heart Line is present, you are aloof with all love matters and each love mate."
She leaned over with a smile and viewed open palm on PK, frowning with puzzlement, lightly tracing the skin with her long blue tinted fingernail. "This is so strange. I do not see a Heart Line or line crease that runs across your palm. I am not finding a heart line. Well, the absence of a Heart Line has a meaning in palm reading," she looked up and frowned at P.K. "Your heart is ruled by logical thoughts, not love emotions. This is root cause of your man troubles. You don't feel anything, honey! You need to express more love and hugs and share all of your emotions with your special person. Do you feel me, honey?" She laughed.
P.K. looked up and smiled in silence.
She smiled. "The next major cease line in the palm is the Life Line. The Life Line curves around the base of the thumb staring below the index finger and extends around the thumb region and drops down into the wrist line. The Life Line shows strength, physical health, stamina, vitality, and energy. If your Life Line is absence, then you are anxious and nervous personality. If your Life Line is faint, then you possess low energy. If the Life Line is long and deep, then you possess good health, stamina, and vitality. If the Life Line is short and deep, then you overcome physical problems. If the Life Line is curvy, you possess an abundance of energy. If the Life Line is close to the thumb, you tire easily with low energy." The fortune teller leaned down with a smile and traced the life line on P.K. and then gasped in shock. "This is so strange."
P.K. smiled down at her palm but could not see the set of hand creases, only the top of Shugong's dark tinted hand, saying with a soft timber. "Is my Life Line absence too?" She wasn't surprise with the discovery. She was a paranormal creature, not a human. Her special powers had altered her life form and her life journey with her new work job.
Shugong looked up and smiled at P.K. "Your Life Line is present and it is doubled. This is unbelievable. A Life Line with a second life line next to it indicates super strength, super energy, super vitality and super health. You're going to live a long, long time, girlfriend. You should have plenty of time to find you a sweet, loving man, once you develop your love emotions."
P.K. smiled. "That's great news!"
Shugong nodded. "The last crease line that tells your future is the Fate Line. The Fate Line runs vertically coming from the base of the palm at the wrist line and runs up the middle of the palm and dedicates your destiny. If your Fate Line is absence, you experience a comfortable and uneventful life. If your Fate Line is deep, your life is strongly controlled by fate. Inside your right palm, if your Fate Line joins the Life Line, you develop aspirations early in life. If your Fate Line starts at the base of the thumb region, you share strong ties with family and friends. If your Fate Line is unbroken, you live a successful life. If your Fate Line is forked, you receive great wealth." She leaned down and tracked the fate line on the open palm of P.K. and the gasped in shock. "Your Fate Line is a very deep cease, so your life is strongly controlled by fate." Then she looked up and nodded to P.K. P.K. looked up and nodded with a stern face. Shugong frowned. "I don't see this type of deeply creased Fate Life that often on my new customers. You are a very unique girl, honey. But we can still see what fate hopes out for you, honey," she continued to examined the palm and pointed to different regions on the hand. "I do not see a marriage for you. I do not see a child for you. I do not see a Fame Line that would indicate success in your chosen career. I do not see a money line either. This is so strange!"
P.K. shrugged her shoulder in silence and wondered when to end the silly charade and kill the annoying alien. Her new paranormal friends had not offered a deadline for a death kill.
The fortune teller/alien seemed harmless enough but was not doing a good job of forecasting the future for P.K. However, P.K. had received a new destiny that had impacted her old life and changed her future pathway for the rest of eternity as a paranormal immortal creature like the angels, gods, goddesses, aliens, and one paranormal killer.
Shugong slapped the palm on P.K. and smiled at the girl. "I can't seem to glean much future happenings from your right hand. Hand me your left hand! The left hand shows your past events in this life time, since your birth. So, I can tell your past events and see if your future events are going to change for the better or for the worse."
P.K. gasped in shock and then smiled, removing her right hand, slapping her left hand onto the table and exposed her palm. "How intriguing! Why not? I got plenty of time to waste." The alien could entertain P.K. for a little longer with her past history.
P.K. had always pondered the incident with the car accident, the angry from her parents, and the exile from her home that led to meeting a group of paranormal creatures at the Furnace, which changed her life.
Shugong slowly tracked each crease on the palm and sometimes flipped the hand sideways, examining the skin lines also while telling the new information. "Well, your left hand tells a different tale, honey. Your Heart Line is filled with lovey-dovey emotions for your family and your friends and maybe a secret boyfriend."
P.K. gasped in shock and tried to study the same lines like Shugong. "Really!"
She smiled. "Your Head Line and your Life Line run together making you a strong-willed lady. Your Head Line is very straight making your logical, organized with great attention to details.
P.K. gasped in shock and tried to study the same lines like Shugong. "Really!"
She said. "Your Life Line swoops down in a semicircle making you strong and enthusiastic."
"Really!"
"Your Fate Line is forked. That's means great wealth. Are you a little spoiled rich girl, honey? I should have asked for three hundred dollars for your reading." Shugong laughed.
P.K. gasped in shock. "What!"
"I see numerous minor crease lines. You have one Marriage Line. Did you get married last year?"
P.K. gasped. "No!"
"O! Were you engaged?"
"No!"
Shugong nodded. "Okay! The left hand is your past events of your current life. So, you were supposed to get married, based on the marriage line, but you didn't. I see a Child Line for a child. Did you birth a baby?"
"No!"
She nodded. "All right! You were supposed to get married and have a child; but those two events did not happen. I see a Fame Line right here which indicates the social awards in life. You are going to become an artist. Can you draw and paint portraits?"
"No!"
"O! Can you dance, sing, or handle potter's clay?"
P.K. frowned with confusion down at her palm, "No!"
She looked up and nodded with puzzlement. "All right! Your left palm is telling a different story when that hand is compared to your right palm. So, we will keep on looking for the answer."
P.K. nodded. "Yes, please, keep on looking!"
Shugong looked with a stern face and examined the palm. "The Line of Intuition appears on the outer palm at the base of the hand underneath the pinky finger. This line indicates strong psychic powers. Are you joking with me? Are you really a psychic too?"
P.K. gasped in alarm. Until she has meet Ralph and his band of supernatural creatures, she had not known about her secret psychic powers. She frowned. "No!"
She looked down and twisted the palm in different directions and stopped, pressing her fake fingernail on the next minor crease. "Well, honey, you were supposed to get married and have a child and become an artist. However, your line of opposition, which is found on the outside of your palm in-between the Heart Line and the Head Line shows some wicked opposing force had dealt you a might blow, in which, the wicked opposing force had changed the course of your past life," she looked up and frowned at P.K. "What opposing force changed your life into the present time line from your previous time line, honey?"
P.K. looked down at her left palm and then shifted her eyeballs further down onto the wooden floor while pondering a wickedly opposing outside force that had changed the course of her present life, returning back with a nod to see the alien/fortune teller. "My parents became very angry with me and then they both tossed me out from their residential house. I have been on my own for a couple of weeks now. That is the wickedly opposing outside force that has changed my life a couple of weeks ago. Now, I am here with you."
Shugong nodded. "That makes sense, honey. Your left palm tells your past life, such like, your old life. Your right palm details your current life and your pathway, which is fated by destiny. Being kicked out  from your home by your parents would be a terrible opposing force shifting your old life into a new pathway. Let's us look and see if there are any other terrible forces out there that will affect your current pathway. You were supposed to have a  nice non-eventual life based on your left hand. Now, mommy and daddy have screwed that up for you, honey," she looked down and twisted P.K.'s palm around, reading the tiny creases in silence.
"Yeah, that opposing force was a complete surprise." P.K. frowned.
Shugong examined the palm. "I can study your set of Travel Lines. If you are an adventurer, then you will possess at least one or more Travel Lines. The set of Travel Lines is indicates the number of trips throughout your life that impacts your life, such like, tossing into a new pathway. O goodness!
P.K. gasped in alarm and stared down at her palm. "What! What! What do you see, Shugong?"
"You possess three Travel Lines. One travel line represents leaving your home by force," she looked up and frowned. "What is the basis of the second and third Travel Lines? Did you take a trip from your homestead last year? Where did you go? Is this the reason for leaving your homestead, a trip to see your boyfriend or your girlfriend?"
P.K. gasped in shock and looked up to view Shugong and parted her lips in silence while her brain cells pondered the question. "I do not know. I have never left home before, until my parents kicked me out of the house. I do not have a romantic boyfriend or lots of fun non-sexual girlfriends. I had lots of high school friends and then," she gasped in shock. "I... I caused a terrible car accident. I was driving and saw a deer but didn't hit the deer. I swiveled the steering wheel on my automobile and hit a tall tree. The tree shook violently and then broke off, landing down on my top of my car, breaking through the rooftop. Then the heavy tree trunk and heavy tree limbs killed all of my friends. I was driving my friends back from the prom dance and missed that deer but hit that tree that killed all of but one of my friends. That one friend and their parents were suing my parents for a large amount of money. So, my parents kicked me out of the house at the age of eighteen years old."
She  nodded.  "What! That was a major life change within your past life that has created your present life pathway. Your set of Travel Lines show three individual lines. A car travels with you inside the car. Then you were kicked out of your homestead and had to walk away from your house. That counts for two of the three Travel Lines. What is the third Travel Line, honey?"
P.K. frowned. "I do not know."
"When did the car accident happen?"
P.K. shook her curls. "Five days ago, I've been gone from my house for five days. And I had killed almost all of my friends five days ago."
"What!" Shugong frowned and looked down examining the palm. "O goodness!"
"What! What! What do you see?"
She said. "You have three distinct Travel Lines. The first Travel Line intersects your Fate Line. This intersection is a life-changing experience," Shugong looked up and nodded to the girl.
P.K. nodded. "The first Travel Line is my car accident, where I had been traveling by car, not by foot."
"All right! That would make sense. The second Travel Line does not interest with another major crease line. This free line indicates merely traveling or going somewhere."
P.K. smiled. "Yes, the day after my traveling car accident, I was kicked out of my home. Then I had to travel by walking away from my home town and ended up visiting a new town and had lived there for a few days."
She pressed the palm and tracked a new line. "You display three Travel Lines. The third Travel Line does not intersect with any major creases. What does the third Travel Line represent?"
P.K. nodded with a grin. "That's easy! It is my current journey that has brought me to you."
Shugong frowned in silence and stared at P.K. for a several seconds, flipping P.K.'s hand, examining the other minor crease lines on the side of the skin. "This is so strange. Your Sun Line is the vertical crease further down your pinky finger on your left hand. Your Sun Life and your Fate Line intersect on your left hand. I wanna remind here that the left hand is your past events, not including today, right now. The intersection signaled that your current life pathway had been caused by a set of external event outside of your personal control," she looked up and frowned. "The intersection of the Sun Line and the Fate Line might be associated with that intersection of the first Travel Line and the Fate Line also. Do you remember? Your left hand is your set of past events, not including today, right now. So, I would guess that the Sun Line and the Fate Line was caused by an external event, that might have caused you to travel away from your home. Did you happen to leave your native country as an infant on a boat with your parents escaping poverty, before arriving here in America?"
P.K. buzzed her lips in annoyance and then frowned. "No! I was born here. I am a native American. I was not birthed in another country."
Shugong nodded with a stern face and looked down, twisting the palm on P.K. while reading more of the creases. "This is interesting. Your Line of Influence starts at the base of the thumb and flings up into the palm skin. When the Line of Influence connects to the Fate Line, this represents a very important event had occurred in your past life on your left hand. I do believe that the Line of Influence is connected to the first Travel Line that intersects with the Fate Line, which had showed a major change in your past life. And the Line of Influence is connected to the Sun Line that also had showed a major event in your past life which had caused to travel away from your home."
P.K. pulled on her palm in fury. She had enough of the fake fortune teller that was really a grey colored alien. Now, the time had come to end the fake fortune telling reading and terminate the gray colored alien for tattling false statements to all of the humans and the only living paranormal killer that lived within the universe.
Shugong held onto the palm and continued to read each crease line gasping in shock. "I can't believe this. I've never seen this before. Your Line of Escape is located at the bottom of the palm near the base of the wrist bone. The Line of Escape moves upward and then crosses with your Life Line. This is very, very significant. These two intersection lines represents a major life-changing experience which has already happened to you, in the past, last year, or the  year before that based on your left hand. Your right does not show any major life changes only that your destiny is fated to happen. What happened to you, honey?" She looked up and frowned at P.K.
P.K looked up and gasped in annoyance at the fake fortune teller, trying to pull her palm about the woman without success. "No! I'm a teen girl that was kicked out of my home from a serious car accident and then the event changed my entire life. I am different now. That's all! That's it! That's the truth! I wanna leave from here. I paid for your personal services. Thanks a lot for reading my palm!" She tried again to jerk her palm from the fortune teller/alien without success.
Shugong held onto the palm and looked down, feeling the edge on the hand, gasping in shock. "The Mount of Luna is named after the ancient Roman goddess. The Mount of Luna is located at the bottom of the palm on the pinky side. The Mount of Luna is linked to supernatural magic. Are you lying to me? Are you really an ugly old witch in disguise as a young girl? I do not like fibbers or witches or fakers. I know that a witch can turn her ugly body into a pretty young girl, like you. You are a talented witch. Tell me the truth! That explains all of the significant crossing lines with the Sun Line, the Life Line, the Fate Line, the Line of Influence, the Line of Opposition, the Line of Escape, and the one of the Travel Lines. Someone opposed you at a single event. Or you opposed someone or something at a single event. All of these intersecting lines on your left hand is telling your past story which had happened last month or last quarter or last year or the rest before that, before the car accident. The car accident represents the second line. Then you leaving out from your home represents the third Travel Line, where you have ended up here inside my shop. Based on your left hand, you had won the event and then escaped with your wits and your soul which had caused a major shift in your life path, before the car accident, where you have ended up here inside my shop. What is the significant event that happened last year, honey? Don't lie to me! I will know. I know when you lie, honey!"
P.K. leaned back into the chair and growled in fury at the wicked alien. "No! I'm a teen girl and I'm eighteen years old."
The fortune teller released the hand on P.K. and then magically leaped up from the chair, kneeling her body on top of the wooden surface, reaching over and grabbed the neckline around P.K. P.K. gasped in fury and jerked backwards from the evil fortune teller/alien, accidentally breaking the golden chair on her necklace. The fortune teller/alien released the necklace and screamed in pain, cuddling her burnt hand into her chest, looking up with a sneer at P.K.
The broken necklace dropped down through the air. P.K. reached out and captured the falling necklace inside her left palm without thinking and with instinct. The necklace morphed into a huge magenta stone that glittered underneath the dull lamps as the golden chair magically wrapped around her open palm. Then the dark gem stone illuminated and displayed a still image of people. P.K. looked down and gasped at the still picture. "What is this?"
The fortune teller/alien slid back into her chair and cuddled her burnt hand, sneering at P.K. "It is obvious to me. You are birthed a nasty witch. But, for some reason, your witchy talents or your witchy ways have been hidden from your mind, until now. My magical supernatural powers have unleashed all of your nasty witchy talents with a high price on me. The palm of my hand is burnt with black roasted skin and huge red blisters. It will take days and weeks for my skin to heal. I want cash money payment for this. I want revenge for this."
P.K. continued to stare down into the stone and whispered for her eardrums only. "These are my best friends from high school that I had killed in my car crash. My best friends are dead. How can I see them through this stone? I do not understand. I see my best high school friends consisting of Yachel, Stad, Zann, Molfalso, and Hadwin on top of a cliff in the middle of the ocean waters. Where was the group photograph taken and when was it taken?" The stone image changed into a new picture. "Me! I am in the new picture. But I look so funny. I wear a long ankle-length dress in the colors of blue and red. My hair is long and dark brown colored like it is now. O! I think that is the color of magenta, which is like my gem stone, that I have wear around my neckline for years. But I look so beautiful. I wear a tiara with magenta gem stones and a long ankle-length matching cape that flows in the light wind. What is this? Where was this picture taken at my senior high prom dance? I don't remember wearing a magenta colored dress and I was not named either Prom Princess or Prom Queen either. I wore a short pale blue dress to my senior high prom that night, the same night that I killed my best friends," She sobbed with sadness.
The gem stone magical changed the image and displayed a new picture.


Yachel stood in front of Prudence on top of a limestone cliff in the middle of the ocean waters, placing a thick golden tinted strand of gold with a magenta gem stone around the naked throat on her friend.

Yachel said out loud, "You will always be a fairy princess inside your heart, but a human girl in form of a teenager like the rest of us..."


 The image disappeared from the gem stone and then the stone sparked into a tiny fiery fireball while dissolving into a puff of black tinted ashes. Each burnt ash slowly drifted up from her palm and through the air waves heading out towards the entrance door. The golden necklace melted down into a goo of yellow liquid on top of the tablecloth and then morphed into a puddle of boiling water that transformed into a plume of steam. The white tinted steam drifted up from the non-ruined tablecloth and gently floated in the light breeze moving through the air, leaving the second interior room inside the vendor shop without fanfare and sound.
P.K. whispered for her eardrums only. "A free spirit, the color of magenta represents a free spirit. I am..." she gasped in shock and then slid off her chair, landing down on the floor, screaming in fury and beat the dirty wooden planks, without harming the wood. "No! No! No! I know who I am! I know the truth! I can't believe it. I don't wanna believe it! I know. I remember it all. No! No! No! This is horrible and terrible and mean and rude and unkind."
At the wooden table, the fortune teller/alien slowly stood upright from her chair and laughed out loud at the silly witch while cuddling her burnt hand. "Well, believe it, honey! I see the truth too! Someone has played a naughty trick on your fake flesh and bones human girly image, baby! You are a..."
"No!" P.K. growled and flew up from the floor using her new set of paranormal powers, twirling in a set of completed circles and then halted in front of the fortune teller. She hovered in the air waves and whipped out her sword, pointing the tip at the woman, yelling out loud in fury. "You have mistreated and tricked all of the humans that come into your nasty fortune teller shop. The race of humans are a protected race, which is guided by the Source. The Source is very, very angry at you, Grey Alien." She flipped her hand in silence.
The fortune teller lost all of her human clothes and her human face. Each item magically dissolved into a pile of dust power in the air that slowly floated through the air, heading towards the other room. The alien exposed its gray tinted alien body. The gray alien stood four feet in height and displayed a tear-dropped shaped skull with a pair of almond-shaped eye socket, no nose holes, a tiny mouth, and a skinny neckline. The alien body was extremely skinny and appeared like a set of skeleton bones covered in grey tinted skin with two long arms with a pair of big hands with four fingers and two long skinny legs and a pair of naked feet with four toes.
P.K. jabbed her free fingers at the gray alien. "You have been abducting individual humans for your fun and your scientific experiments."
The hand on the alien was not burnt but appeared normal and healthy. The alien jabbed one of her four fingers at P.K and laughed with amusement. "Geez, Louise, honey! We quit doing that about two years ago. You need to update your brain cells. Now, I have never abducted any child, man or woman for fun. Anyways, I'm been hopping in and out of the earth plane for centuries without causing trouble from the Source. So, you can't come into my personal residence and threat my gray body, darling. I am older than earth dirt and meaner than a bumblebee with the painful stinger. So, go and get lost and get outta of my place here. I got human customers to see and hear and tell some tall tales for my fun and their money, honey. I ..."
"... am the paranormal killer. You have been found guilty by the Source for harming his precious children down here on his property, Planet Earth. Thus, you are charged and you are terminated, honey."
A thick beam of white tinted discharged from the tip of the sword and hit the chest on the grey alien. The alien exploded into a plume of yellow, blue, red, purple colored and exhibited a pretty fireball of glittering hue. The fireball slowly disintegrated into nothingness in the air waves.
P.K. dropped down from the air with a sneer and landed down at the floor, viewing the empty table and chair. "I have completed my first of many paranormal jobs. I am the paranormal killer. I enforce punishment for the Source. Now, I have a new destination for my second job." She waved her free hand in the air waters. Items of dishes, merchandise, tablecloths, and money coins, and money dollar bills floated from each nest and hovered in the air waves. She spun around with a sneer and slowly moved ahead slamming the blade of her sword into the side walls. Her paranormal supernatural powers killed the electricity and repainted each wall and the ceiling into stark white hue. The dull floor shined in polished wooden planks. She continued through the shop and destroyed all of the old furniture that had been owned by the alien repainting each wall and the ceiling inside the front reception space also. A line of merchandise followed her butthole. She exited the vendor shop and turned to the side, slowly moving down the sidewalk, flipping her free hand, storing her sword back into the sheath. The physical merchandise including all the money coins and dollar bills floated in the air and then landed down on top of the sidewalk. The vendor shop was glowing in new colors and empty and ready for a new owner, hopefully a human owner.
The crowd of humans and disguised aliens gasped in awe and then attacked all the free merchandise and money that had been blown from the vendor shop with greed and selfishness, like usual.
 P.K. was a walking ghost among the crowds of humans and aliens along the busy sidewalk and then performed an air walk, lifting up off the concrete, flying through the air towards the east. Her air-born body swiftly flew through the wet clouds and above each commercial airplane while snarling with angry at her second paranormal job. She personally knew the next supernatural enemy that harmed the race of humans.
As a paranormal creature, flying through the wet clouds and the streaks of bright, sizzling sunlight was a swift trip, P.K. dove down from the clouds and then gently landed down on top of the county pavement that needed road repairs while sneering at the set of closed rusty iron-coated entrance gates on the Greystone Juvenile Work Center Facility.
The familiar facility was surrounded by dull tinted and dirty concrete wall that were seven feet high around the vast complex of earth dirt and groves of trees which displayed a sharp barbed wire on top of the concrete gate and an individual armed guard house with two people.
The guard house held two alien guard occupants, who were busy playing on their individual mobile telephone, without guarding the roadway or the facility. The roadway was empty.
P.K. continued to stand and glow in bright white tinted light while presenting an invisible ghostly image at the two guards, if either one of them cared to up look and scan the immediate area. Then she sneered in fury and whispered for her eardrums only. "I knew it. Ancient and skinny Mehire, the owner or the operator or the tormentor of the Greystone Juvenile Work Center Facility. Mehire is an alien also. Her breed comes from the race of Reptilian aliens that come from the Alpha Draconis star constellation. Her kinfolks or buddies had left their native planets and had roamed through the Milky Way Galaxy, where their species had the right to conquer and destroy any one or any thing that came across their star path while making their buttholes warm and cozy on other planets and also here on Planet Earth. A reptilian alien looks like a tiny earth lizard in matching green and white strips but stands upright at twelve feet in height and walking on a pair of naked lizard feet, a pair of thick legs. The reptilian alien displays a muscular upper torso, a pair of lizard arms, and a hair-less bone skull. And the reptilian alien must drink blood to sustain its life form and shifts its original form into a humanoid format or an animal format to capture its live prey for the suppertime meal."
She sneered. "Yeah, I didn't smell it back then, when I had been imprisoned here. But I can smell the foul staunch from reptilian alien Mehire right here and right now. However, I have something else to do before I can back and make my presence known to Miss Mehire," she laughed out loud and then leaped up from the pavement flying through the air waves, landing down in the middle of the forest on top of the faint hiking trail.
She reached out and touched one of the bleached white trees, whispering for her eardrums only. "This place is called Darling Forest. When two lovers etch a single initial together with an old fashioned heart symbol into the bark of the green tinted tree, they are lovers always and forever, until the end of time. This forest tells the lover tale. However, each tree started out a green tinted bark and then has morphed into solid white hue with a dark stain in the middle of tree bark. The stain is a lump of actually red tinted blood proteins from the blood of each dead lover. Now, each tree wears not one blood stain, but two blood stains that represent the two dead lovers. Each tree is not dying but waiting for the love couple to unity here, again, always and forever, which will never happen foreverly. Yeah, something evil is attacking the paranormal life forms here within Darling Forest. And I know who it is." She leaped up from the forest leaves and flew through the air covering the twenty miles towards the north, landing down in front of the tall building, which had been named, The Furnace.
The Furnace structure was sixty-stories in high without a single glass window. Each solid wall of metal around the structure released an array of individual plumes of colored flame and heat in red, blue, and yellow tones. The front entrance was an extra wide archway without a set of doors also. The ground entrance walkway was made of numerous seashells in pretty tint colors of pink, yellow, white, beige, and brown.
P.K. sneered and advanced ahead towards the building, smoothly gliding over the naked dirt and then halted with a gasp, looking down at the dirt in shock. "Where are all of the numerous seashells in pink and white and yellow colors that come from nearby ocean coastal seashore?" She looked up and smiled at the entrance door. "Ah! I understand now. I understand all of it now!" She slowly padded ahead with a fake smile and then stopped standing inside the open archway, scanning the entrance room in shock. 
The entrance or greeting room was fifty feet in height from the metal floor up towards the metal ceiling and three hundred feet in width. The room was an enclosed space in the color of silver metal, without a window with a set of numerous vertical slotted and slanted air vents around the room. However, the room was empty of paranormal creatures and the air vents did not hiss and then release vertical clouds of thick heated white steam. The lower part of the metal showed a landscape of dead yellow plants resting in-between a pile of big and small tan colored boulders.
P.K. did not move but sniffed the air with a sneer. “I smell death.” The interior air temperature was cool and moist like the forest temperatures making the once active building dead and docile. She did not see the usual ogre guards either that secured the building.
She slowly moved ahead with caution hearing the thump of each hard heel on her pair of white tinted cowgirl boots and then halted with a gasp, looking down at her clothes.
Her regular outfit did not morph into a cute bathing outfit that came from ancient magic of the Furnace like her first visit to the paranormal party with her new werewolf friend Ralph.
Each floor level housed a unique paranormal scene and an array of paranormal life forms.
The first floor level represented the cavemen scene. Each wall, the floor, and the ceiling only displayed the rusting iron ore from the ancient building without wall decorations or paranormal creatures.
P.K. whispered for her eardrums only, without alerting the evil creature inside the Furnace, "This is so strange. Something is right. I can feel it," she slowly moved ahead and reached out, touching a naked metal wall, growling in alarm and angry and then halted at the rear wall of rusty metal. She reached out and touched the wall. Nothing happened.
She sneered at her forgetfulness and spun around, leaning her back spine into the metal wall, quickly traveling upward, flying against the metal wall by a method of air molecules and landed on the upper floor level.
On the second floor level, P.K. gasped in shock and stood against the side wall, scanning a dark, empty room with cool moisture temperatures that dropped down the exposed metal and without a single paranormal creature. She whispered for her eardrums only, "Yes, I knew it. Something is right here!" She didn't bother to leave the side wall that was really the magical transportation devise that carried each person upwards or downwards inside the Furnace. Her gust instincts secretively told the truth story. Each floor level was empty with cute wall decorations, cheery musical notes, and paranormal creatures. She leaned into the wall and closed both of her two eyelashes, transporting upwards to the penthouse floor and then halted on top of the floor. She continued to stand and opened both of her two eyelashes and her two nose holes while scanning the familiar spot inside The Furnace. 
On the seventh floor level, the ceiling, the floor, and each wall was a solid metal, without a glass window or a plume of white tinted heated steam. Each floor vent did not burp out a burning fire and a plume of sizzling heat that keep the race of humans away from the Furnace.
She whispered for her eardrums only. "The fourth element from Planet Earth is fire. This place was the fiery heart or the top level within The Furnace. Now, it is cold, damp, and lifeless like a human morgue of dead people, except I do not see dead people," she softly chuckled. "I guess seeing dead people is not one of my new paranormal killer's powers. That was become gross and repetitive, if I am assigned to kill people. So, what has happened here inside The Furnace? Well, I am curious.”
Before, the large room had been empty and devoid of furniture items without fun musical notes and quiet like a human library.
Now, the floor was stained in dark hue and covered in an array of upright tiny, small, medium, and large, and gigantic-sized side and eating tables in various heights and textures, without a single sitting chair. On the front wall, a single eating table in dull dark tinted metal stood alone and held a single metal tinted high stool still quiet like a library, displaying a single girl, who wore a red tinted tee shirt that did not cover her pot belly and a pair of white tinted walking shorts.
P.K. slowly padded from the side wall with a smile, stopped, and stood a few inches from the opposite side of the table, reaching out, touching the dark stain with puzzlement. She jerked her hand back into her chest with a gasp of shock and then smiled at the petite girl. “Hello, Piccoloette!"
Piccoloette continued to sit on top of the metal stool and rudely burped out loud looking up, sneering at the stranger. "Who are you? O! You are a human girl. What are you doing here at my place? Why have you invaded my home? Get out, human girl! I do not recognize your smelly human breed. You are not my type. Get out now! Before I ..."
"... remember your person, Piccoloette. When I first met you here on the seventh floor level within the Furnace three days ago, your person was a tiny creature and colored in gold with a golden metal stick and tip for both of your arms with an individual hand and a set of two fingers. Your legs wore a golden metal stick with a  flat tip, without a flesh and bone foot and a foot of two or three or five toes. Your skin glowed in golden tinted with a shiny head of long golden hair strands that almost hit the floor. Your physical body had been the proper length of a musical piccolo which was only five inches long," she slapped her chest and nodded with a smile. "Now, I am revisiting the Furnace and see a different girl sitting there on top of that tall stool. You measure two feet in height with a pot belly of girly fat or too many cold bottles of beer," P.K. laughed and then winked at the short girl. "You possess a head of cropped blonde tinted hair, a tone of peachy-colored skin, and a pair of amber eyeballs. And you display two individual arms that hold two individual hands with five fingers and two individual legs with two feet that hold five toes each. What type of beer are you drinking, darling?" She softly chuckled.
Piccoloette gasped in shock and then jumped up, standing on top of the metal stool, jabbing a finger at P.K. She yelled out loud in fury. "Get out, before it is too late for you! I..."
"... just left the Darling Forest. On my first visit to the Darling Forest, some of the white tinted trees held an individual red tinted blood stain for a misplaced lover. Now, from my current visit, the Darling Forest is covered in white tinted trees. There is not a single green tinted bark on one single tree. And each white tinted tree holds two individual red tinted blood stains for each lost lover as a loving couple. Now, the Furnace is cold and damp like this room and does not emit smoke, fire, and steam. What has happened to the Furnace, Piccoloette?"
Piccoloette gasped in shock at the human girl and then giggled out loud with her secret while dancing on top of the stool, burping at loud from her full stomach, without speaking to P.K.
P.K. snarled at Piccoloette. "So, that's your choice, a mind game. Well, I enjoy playing a set of mental mind games too. But I always win and then take all of my bootie, tootie! Are you game, girl?" She nodded with a smirk. "Excellent decision! I will start the mind game," she slapped her hand over both of her eyeballs and then slowly twirled around in a circle in the same spot, speaking out loud. "My mental mind recalls a thirteen-year-old petite girl with a head of red tinted hair roots, a tone of a pink tinted skin, and a pair of green colored eyeballs. She wore a pretty pink colored tea-length dress with tons of shiny sequins and gem stones, a pair of fashion high heeled sandals, and a short pink-tinted cape," she halted back in front of Piccoloette and dropped her hand winking at the girl. "Hello, Apella!"
Piccoloette stopped dancing on top of the stool and gasped in shock, staring at Prudence/P.K. "What! Why did you say these things, to me? How did you know to say those things, to me? What are you, human girl? You are not a witch or a troll or an elf or a vampire or a werewolf or an ogre. I can't figure you out. What are you, human girl?"
P.K. chuckled. "On my first visit to the Furnace, I didn't pick up on your new name, Piccoloette. That was a clever act renaming your person a musical instrument from your original fairy name of Apella. Apella is slip from the musical term cappella, where individual sings, without an instrumental accompaniment. Yeah, I missed that one. But, I figure it out on my return trip back here to the Furnace."
She growled in fury, "Who are you, human girl? I do not know you."
P.K./Prudence smiled and slapped her hand over both of her eyeballs, slowly swirling around in a tight circle in the same spot and then halted in place with laughter. An array of bright blue and red light illuminated around P.K. Then the glittering light slowly drifted upwards towards the ceiling metal and revealed P.K. She was wearing an ankle-length dress in the color of magenta, a matching tiara of magenta gem stones, and ankle-length matching cape that did not flow from the cool temperatures inside the room, instead of her battle gear white tinted outfit without her sword also. She tossed both of her arms in the air without hitting her tiara and smiled. "Surprise, Apella! Wow! It's been one solar sun year and several months, babe! I am so mad to see you again!"
Apella/Piccoloette gasped in shock and then sneered in angry. "Persia! Princess Fairy Persia is here still alive and well. Well, I'll be fudged. What are you doing in here, with me? What is possible that you are in here, with me? I ..."
"... missed the doe deer, which was really you in disguise and standing in the middle of the road. My swiveled my car into the fixed gasoline station. The gasoline station building fell down on top of my car, but I managed to live and then survived and then continued to breathe, without your assistance. Our old fairy friends from Fairyland consisting of Yachel, Stad, Zann, Molfalso, and Hadwin was riding with me inside my car. We had just celebrated and danced all night long at our senior prom dance and dinner. We were senior students at the local high school and we were going to graduate and then attend the local college scene together, before we all stepped into the world of happily married couple. Then each one of us would have lived long and happy, before that doe deer. But you knew that sad fairy tale. That's why you were standing in the middle of the road, in the last night hours in-between the lush grove of tall dark trees as a wildlife doe deer. You murdered our fairy friends in cold-blood. without a human hand gun. They didn't harm you. I didn't harm you. Wait!" She lifted up her palm and exhaled with annoyance. "How? How did you do it?"
Apella frowned. "What else did I do? I don't really remember."
P.K./Persia exhaled with frustration. "On top of the naked limestone cliff while floating in the middle of the ocean waters on the drowning Fairyland property, Yachel, Stad, Zann, Molfalso, Hadwin and I decided to become a human, not a fairy. Then we all decided to fly with the Fairy Godmother to the new landmass of USA. Here, in the USA, Yachel and I lived with Yachel's parents, where one was a half-breed fairy and the other was a human. Yachel and I lived like a pair of non-related sisters and attended the local high school Yachel's parents acted like my guardian parents with ease and love and care. However, right after my car wreck, compliments of you, I was stored inside a local motel room. When I was awoken by a loud knock on the motel room door, I met a strange lawyer and then my parents, where I became an adult at the age of seventeen years old. But my parents were not my parents. O! They were you. You were them. How did you do that, Apella?"
Apella laughed. "Actually, your pretend fake pair of parents were disguised as me and Gable for your last treat of the pixie trick. The lawyer was a close friend, who was a shape-shifter, who was a very good dessert treat, after your untimely non-demise. Yeah, I murdered each one of Yachel and Stad's half-breed parent and human parent. Now, all the fairies here on Planet Earth are almost dead, including you, Persia." She wiggled her fists at Persia.
P.K./Persia frowned. "Why did you murder all the fairies here on the planet, fairy princess Apella?"
Apella growled in angry and slapped her chest in fury. "The other fairies didn't help me either. You didn't help me either. After the Fairy Queen destroyed our home of Fairyland, I had been cursed as wee pixie and then lived on tart cockroaches and sweet ant guts to survive all of creepy spiders and the slithering snakes inside that flower garden here in the human world, where Fairy Grandmother North had placed me."
P.K./Persia gasped in shock and scanned the room. "Where is Fairy prince Gable? Is he here with you? He was cursed into a wee pixie of blue hue and lived in the same flower garden with you? Where is he?" She returned back and hissed at Apella.
She smiled and slapped her chest. "Gable and I finally had escaped from the flower garden and the spider webs and the hissing tongues on each snake. We then ended up here in the forestland and accidentally came across our first paranormal friend, a baby troll. His troll family was very nice to us and helped us with a shelter place and food plants. Over the years, Gable and I started befriending more paranormal creatures that resided here on Planet Earth and then we all started the Furnace, a place of paranormal magic for the paranormal creature to hang out and have fun. So here, I stand in my permanent home. Get out of my house, Persia! I am not glad to see your smiling face again!"
P.K./Persia continued to wear the magenta colored long gown, the matching long cape, and the matching twinkling gem stone tiara while sneering at Apella. "No! There is something right here. How did you find me? You couldn't have left your home and ventured around the city of Greystone. I didn't live here. I lived in another town which is hundreds of miles north of here."
She slapped her chest and nodded with a smile. "Fairy Grandmother North had placed both me and Gable inside that same flower garden and then she had poofed into a puff of yellow tinted dust. However, did you know that true fairy dust is really the scattered DNA particles of a dead fairy body? Fairy Grandmother North had just enough time to land down on top of the manicured grass inside that public park and plop me and pixie Gable down inside that flower garden and then all of her scattered fairy dust landed down on top of me and Gable. Her scattered DNA molecules started whispered all of her Fairy Godmother secrets into my pair of wee pixie eardrums and my active fairy princess mind. Just because, I was morphed into a wee pixie from a fairy princess, I did not lost my fairy mind, Persia. Her yellow tinted powder told me the secret location of the new gang of human teenagers, who resided within the city of Huntsville, within the US State of Alabama. So, I did know the location of your final destination, two years ago. We all were only sixteen years old, Persia. I had two years to find all of you. Over the past two years, after surviving the horror garden, I established this place. Then I met all types of naughty paranormal creatures, not just the nice ones. My spy of naughty paranormal creatures were animals during the daylight hours and humanoids during the nighttime hours. My army of spies found each one of you there in Huntsville. You really should have changed your hair color, your eye color, your skin tone and lived away from each other. That was have been much harder more my army of spies to locate and find you and then report the new information back to me here at the Furnace," she giggled. 
She nodded. "Yeah, we should lived away from each other. We didn't know that we had an enemy that was capability of cold-blooded murder."
"You drove your car into the building, killing your friends, Persia, not me," Apella laughed.
"All right! You had recruited an army of paranormal creatures to ran through the woodlands and spy for you. How were you able to leave your home and travel hundreds of miles to the north and stand in the middle of the road as a large doe deer? Right now, you measure two feet in height. Days ago, your body measured five inches in height. What am I missing here, Apella?"
She laughed, "Do I really need to answer that silly question, Persia?"
P.K./Persia gently slammed her forehead and then dropped down her hand, slapping the long gown with clarification. "You rode on top of the doe deer as a passenger. The doe deer was one of your spies that could morph into a doe deer. The doe deer found our city and followed us to our scheduled senior prom dinner and dance. Then the doe deer raced ahead and stood in the middle of the roadway during the dark night hours, when I was driving all of us back to my house to celebrate our human lives. You're a wicked paranormal, Apella!"
Apella snared. "You are an ungrateful human girl. You should have come back and found me, before Fairy Grandmother North had died. Then I could have lived in your flower garden, without the spiders and the snakes. Did you think one second of my wee pixie condition? Did you think one second of me, Persia? No! You were a human girl and you loved your teenly life. I hated my pixie life. I wanted a new supernatural life. I was a pixie that lived for centuries. I fought to find a new life for myself without help. And I continue to fight to keep it my new life without help. Get outta of my place, Persia! I don't want or need your help. I have my own life here without the help of anyone."
P.K./Persia nodded with a stern face. "You are correct. I should have thought of you and Gable. However, once I had landed down on the human soil by Fairy Grandmother South at my new home, I did not recall my old fairy life, Apella. I was not a princess fairy anymore. I did not remember my princess fairy life from my birth or the last day of our destroyed homeland, Fairyland. I guess it was the Fairy Grandmother South's fairy dust that blocked out all of my old memories. I am so sorry that you have a sorry life as a pixie. I didn't remember you or Gable. I am honest and tell the truth."
Apella gasped in shock and understood that her set of old fairy friends didn't remember her person and then snarled in fury. "Then, why do you recall me and you and all of our good times as a pair of princess fairies, right here and right now, inside the Furnace? Why is that, fairy princess Persia! Whatever! I do not believe you or your words. Get outta of here!"
Persia frowned. "After that car accident, I still didn't recall my teen fairy life from Fairyland or my fairy parents or my fairy school or my fairy friends. But then, some really weird things started to happen to me, which has led me to the Furnace the first time and back here today."
"What type of weird things, Persia? I wanna know the weird things. I might can use those weird things and finally become a human girl too."
Persia gasped in shock and jabbed her finger at Apella. "You had your moment back there on top of that limestone cliff within our damaged homeland of Fairyland, after I had saved you and Gable inside that charmed wooden box, with the Fairy Queen's charmed symbols. Then, you didn't wanna become a human girl. You wanted to remain a fairy. Our fairy home had been destroyed. None of the fairy grandmothers could leave you and Gable there as food bites for the ocean water sharks. You were so stubborn as a fairy princess. Now, you are still stubborn as a ..." she frowned. "What paranormal creature are you, right now, Apella? I can't tell. You are not a pixie or a troll or a ghost or a vampire or a werewolf or an elf or an ogre or a fairy. But, you are starting to look like your old fairy selfie. What type of species are you, right now, Apella? And where is our fairy prince friend Gable located inside his home, too? Is he here inside the Furnace on another floor? Is he looking like his old fairy self?" She scanned the room and softly giggled with her happy thoughts and then her stomach muscles contracted. She slowly returned back and stared at Apella.
Apella burped out loud and then laughed out loud while rubbing her pot belly. "O! I am so sorry for my rude manners, Persia. Gable is here with us too."
Persia gasped in shock and stared at Apella while feeling both weird and worried, reaching out, touching one of the fresh wet dark spots on top of the silver tinted table with an index finger. Her mind flooded with a vivid images of the paranormal creatures that danced here at The Furnace and saw her werewolf friend Ralph, her troll friend Donna, and then her pixie friend Gable. Gable was not a blue tinted pixie anymore. His body was taller in height and stood two foot high, like his pixie friend and fairy princess mate Apella, wearing a head of blonde hair, a pair of amber eyeballs, and a tone of peachy-colored skin. 
Persia gasped in alarm and removed her hand, flinging the fresh blood from her finger pads, yelling out Apella. "Did you eat Gable?"
She laughed out loud and nodded with a mouth of sharp fangs. "It took me a few days to figure out the magic. I didn't need a wand or a broom or a gem stone. After meeting the baby troll, Gable and I become hunger for food. The earth plants were both mushy and soggy that live here in the wilderness. Gable and I learned to eat the cockroaches and ants alive and sucked down their blood. Well, the earth plants didn't contain blood proteins only, only green plant juice and other yucky stuff."
"Did you really eat the baby troll?"
She smiled. "Gable and I ate the entire troll family unit and then we started to grow taller and stronger without human features, of course. Our pixie bones were still partially human DNA like our fairy body. So, we met a new paranormal creature and then used and then finished abusing them and finally ate them. Each paranormal creature fed our tummy and provided minerals that increased our height and our weight. After a month, we grew from one millimeter into two millimeters. So, we continued to meet new paranormals and then eat them. Gable and I established the Furnace and met more paranormals. I mean, we only ate the really bad ones and we continued to grow taller and stronger while changing color from pink and blue into other hues."
She frowned. "What happened? Where is Gable? Gable is dead, isn't he?"
"I ate him." Apella burped out loud and rubbed her pot belly, nodding with a smile. 
"What!" She gasped in shock.
Apella nodded with a stern face. "After your first visit here to the Furnace, Gable started acting really weird and goofy. In hindsight, I do believe that Gable recognized your person, Persia."
"Why didn't you recognize my person, Apella?"
Apella laughed. "My mind was focused exclusively on werewolf Ralphie, when he showed up here on the seventh floor level that first night with you. You were a minor supernatural draw into my senses. Gable and I discovered that the big and strength paranormal creatures provided massive amounts of supernatural powers that quickly absorbed into our bodies and make us grow taller and rapidly changed our skin tone into a normal hue. The minor paranormals were only a tasty treat like a sweet brownie, after the big lunch meal. We both focused on the hardy paranormal creature and scouted out their behavior during their dance visit here. Then, after the dance stopped, we took turns and followed the paranormal creature into their personal home and then pounced on their body, eating him or her, including the skin, the bones, the organs, and the blood proteins. And werewolf Ralphie was very filling for my tummy, too," she burped out loud and then giggled while rubbing her pot belly.
Persia rolled her two eyeballs and shook her curls in disgust from the mental thought and the actually consumption of werewolf Ralph, returning back to see Apella. "You are so disgusting. I hope that I don't vomit up my lunch meal on your dirty and blood-stained metal floor. Now, I completely understand everything. You have consumed all the dancers and guests including poor Gable here inside the Furnace. The vents are not firing steam. The rooms are not warmed. The musical notes are dead along with the musicians and the dancers. Why did you decide to eat all of your dancers and guests? I still haven't figured out that one."
"I was happy scouting out each paranormal creature and then consume the body. Gable didn't want to eat anymore paranormal creatures. I mentioned this fact before. He saw you, Persia. You have not changed physically, since we departed two years ago. If I have not been blinded with the alive and breathing future food item, then I would have noticed you also. Gable quit scouting each paranormal creature and quit eating. he started turning back into a blue tinted pixie."
"So what! He didn't want to eat creatures anymore. You should have let him be, Apella. You're a monster.."
"You don't understand, Persia. After eating a talented paranormal, we gained their paranormal powers too and then we started to change and then grew taller and stronger. We both inherited the paranormal talent of shape-shifting. When I went hunting for the paranormal creature that night from the Furnace, Gable shape-shifted into my person and stayed here and visited with all of the patrons for fun and for business. Thus, no other paranormal suspected that I was a true killer of each innocent supernatural creature. When shape-shifter Gable went on his killer hunt, I stayed here in my true selfie. No one knew that he and I were killing each one of the paranormal creatures at night during the hours of the Furnace fun dinner and dances. When he stopped eating, Gable could not use his shape-shifter talents to cover for me. I was hunger and could not leave the Furnace without suspicion from one or more of the dancers or guests."
Persia gasped in alarm. "You do not do it!"
Apella smiled. "Yeah, I did it. I was hunger and secretly attacked the first dancer on the third floor level without any issues. Then I couldn't stop eating each innocent paranormal creature. I continued to attack each dancer, until they were all dead and inside my full stomach. Gable was inside his room sobbing with tears of regret or guilt or something stupid. So, I ate him in hunger and anger," she burped out loud and rubbed her full pot belly. "After I ate all of the dancers and guests, I grew three feet high in height ..."
"... almost your original height," Persia laughed out loud. Fairy Apella had been a petite and mean fairy during their shared days at the Fairy Prince and Princess Academy on Fairyland.
Apella sneered at Persia as small ounces of dried blood dropped down from her hissing yellow fangs inside her mouth. "You shouldn't anger Mother Nature, Persia. She does not like it. And you should not angry me inside my home either. I do not like it either."
She flipped her hand in the air and slapped her chest. "And I do like that you have eaten our shared friend Gable, all your dancers, all your guests, and my friend werewolf Ralph."
Apella growled. "What are you going to do about it, Persia? Does the human girl still hold some fairy powers?"
She smiled. "No! I do not possess any fairy powers. But I have other paranormal powers."
"I don't believe you, Persia. You're a lucky human female."
She laughed out loud. "I'm a lucky supernatural girl. Else, I would not have survived the car wreck into a solid man-made human building. Else, I would not have saved werewolf Ralph from the freezing process. Else, I would have been able to walk into your home, the Furnace. Else, I would not be standing here right now in front of you, wee fart."
Apella gasped in shock and then smiled. "Hmm! I did not think about that logic either. You must still possess some of your lucky fairy girl powers that has charmed or cursed your human existence."
"What!" Persia frowned. "I just told you that I do not possess an ounce of fairy juice."
Apella danced side to side on top of the stool and laughed out loud, jabbing a finger at Persia. "Then you are made of some other strong supernatural powers. I have eaten all of my patrons already. But I have you, right here and right now," she growled in hunger and rubbed her pot belly. "And I'm getting hunger for my delicious evening meal that includes you, Persia."
Persia gasped in shock and then sneered in fury that Apella was going to eat her body and terminate her existence into nothingness. She reached into her back spine and whipped out her paranormal killer sword, holding the glittering silver tinted blade in front of her sour face, growling at her old enemy Apella. "You are correct, Apella. I do possess a set of supernatural powers. I am a paranormal killer. I found out this morning and I am assigned to terminate your evil paranormal life form for harming both the humans and the paranormal creatures with greed, arrogance, and selfishness. Prepare to die, Apella!"
Apella stopped dancing on the top of the stool and stared with a stern face at Persia and then laughed out loud, jabbing her finger at the ceiling. "I have never heard of a paranormal killer."
Persia nodded with a smile. "It is a new role, which has been created by our Source. I just got my title and my powers, this morning."
Apella laughed. "I don't know to believe your words or not, Persia. But you're glowing in some type of supernatural shine."
She smiled. "O! Thanks! That's a nice compliment, Apella!"
Apella shook her bone skull and winked at Persia. "You don't understand, Persia. You have magically become a new paranormal creature again, but you still possess tiny bits of fairy DNA within your human genes. After I had consumed wee pixie Gable, I grew one solid foot in height and my hair strands turned blonde-headed and my eyeballs turned amber hue and my skin tone turned into peachy-color. You stand five feet and six inches compared to a shorter Gable. After I eat your tall and slender magical paranormal body, I'll become my original height and weight with all of my familiar body parts. Then I can leave The Furnace and live as a human girl while secretly consuming the humans, not the paranormal creatures anymore," she laughed out loud.
Persia frowned. "You don't understand, Apella. I have a new paranormal job. I am the new paranormal killer. I have been sent here to kill you. Then you will become nothing but a pile of colorful dust powder that floats away in the air and then dissolves into nothingness."
She growled. "I do wanna taste your ribs and see if they are sweet or tart." Apella leaped up from the stool and opened her mouth revealing a set of sharp yellow tinted fangs, lifting both of her arms in the air. Each one of her hands revealed a set of sharp red tinted claws on each finger pad. Her two feet were naked and exposed a set of sharp blue tinted claws on each toe nail. She rotated all of her limbs and flew directly at Persia screaming like an attacking bird of prey.
Persia gasped in alarm and back stepped, sliding over the metal floor in her long gown, still wearing her tiara and cape from her fairy custom. "When I do learn to change my outfit at the same time that I grab the sword?" She ducked down at the flying object which was short but wicked Apella.
Apella swung her one hand with a set of sharp claws and neatly sliced off the upright glittering tiara of magenta stone right from the flat brown colored hair roots on Persia. The tiara flew into the air waves as each hand and foot from Apella neatly diced the metal band and all the stones into tiny bits of powder.
Persia spun around to see Apella and the powder ball of the tiara, gasping in shock, fear, and fury.
Apella had eaten hundreds, if not thousands of paranormal creatures, who had danced here at The Furnace. And currently, she possessed each one of their supernatural strength, energy and powers that allowed Apella to kidnap and eat each one here inside her home.
Apella could not control her awesome paranormal powers and slammed into the forward wall, ricocheting off the metal, spinning around and flew back to Persia. She started to rotate her arms and legs with her set of deadly claws at Persia again.
Persia slowly stood upright in place and lifted up her blade in front of her face protecting her cheekbones from a razor burn of a creature claw. She waited and watched Apella while feeling a little sad that she had to kill Apella in one final swoosh with the sword, but that was her new non-human super girly magical job.
Apella flew directly at the face on Persia and screamed out loud while rotating her hands and feet in the air. She slammed into the blade and then rode the sword like a pony ride yelling out loud, tossing one hand into the air.
Persia gasped in alarm and started to twirl in a circle while whipping her sword sideways that still held the folded body of Apella. The paranormal killer blade did not emit a burning light of goodness or glory or whatever and then burn evil paranormal Apella into a pile of sizzling ashes. Instead, Apella continued to cling to the blade and laughed out loud with the fun ride, reaching out with each arm, slashing her set of sharp claws at the face on Persia..
Persia quickly dodged and then ducked sideways from each sharp claw finally tossing her sword up in the air from her face, aiming the weapon towards the metal ceiling. The metal tip stuck and then held in place in the ceiling metal without falling back down to Persia. She looked up and gasped in confusion while staring at her sword and her former fairy friend.
On top of the metal ceiling, Apella continued to cuddle the blade without harm or death, screaming out loud and then halted her fun, looking down at Persia. "Hi, Persia! I see you. Do you see me?" She released her body and then gently glided on top of the metal ceiling a few feet from Persia. "I bet you are totally confused."
Persia frowned down at short Apella. "Yeah!"
She laughed. "Well, I had told you all of the truths. I am not confused. But I am confused about you, Persia. Do you know why are you totally confused?"
"Naw!"
Apella laughed out loud and slapped her chest. "My precious new body still possess tiny bits of fairy genes. But I tattled that fairy tale," she laughed. "And your new body still possesses tiny bits of fairy genes too. So, your pretty shiny paranormal killer sword cannot kill my tiny wee fairy body, girlfriend," she laughed again with a wink.
Persia gasped in shock. "What! What is wrong here? Why? Why not? Why can't I kill you, Apella? I am the newly assigned paranormal killer. I was told that I could kill each and every paranormal creature, even one like you that is not identified. Yes, I am still confused."
Apella smiled. "No, I did not say that. I said that your paranormal killer sword cannot kill my wee fairy body. Each one of us still contains tiny bits of fairy genes. After I had eat all of those paranormal creatures, I had absorbed all of their individual and common and unique paranormal genes too. However, I found that fairy prince and wee pixie genes from dead Gable were the worse tasting and gave me the most terrible ingestion," she giggled and rubbed her pot belly.
Persia gasped in annoyance. "And then what happened after you ate our fairy friend Gable?"
She smiled. "I grew really stronger and taller."
"What!"
She frowned. "Geez, Persia! Do I need to paint you a colored picture on the floor?"
Persia tossed both of her arms in the air and danced sideways in frustration, "Yes! Yes! Yes, you need to paint me a picture on the floor," she dropped both of her hands with her sword and slammed her gown.
She winked. "Okay, silly girl! You and I are not evenly matched in supernatural strong and powers. You are stronger than I. Yes, indeed, that is so. However, you and I are the only two existing fairy girls here now, who are left within the entire universe. Thus, our tiny bits of fairy genes make us evenly matched in a cat fight. What do you think of that, girlfriend?"
"I think I'm screwed," Persia looked up and frowned at the ceiling that represented heaven. "Could someone had mentioned this unique situation this morning, before engaging in this cat fight? Thanks a lot!" She looked down and snarled at Apella, lifting up her arm up towards the ceiling. Her sword wiggled loose from the ceiling and then smoothly dropped down through the air waves, landing inside her cupped hand. She whipped the sword side to side and growled at Apella. "This is not over until one of our paranormal bodies bursts into a powder of colorful smoke. And that, girlfriend, is not going to be me, right here and right now!" She laughed out loud and changed her gown into her white tinted battle gear for more protection.
Apella sneered. "You're dead meat to me for my supper time meal, Persia. I always wanted to kill you with my bare hands. And, now, I possess the power to do it, too it, girlfriend!"
"I am not your girlfriend or fairy friend or former fellow classmate, anymore, but your vile and vicious enemy!" Persia snarled and then mouth spat on top of the dirty floor at Apella.
The killer blade collided with one of hands with claws. Each female twisted and then jerked away from the collision, dancing sideways, slamming to each other again and crashed into some of the upright tables making a set of loud booms inside the seventh floor level.
Each female continued to fight and occasionally diced a claw tip or a blade tip into a tender cheekbone on each face. The naked face and one arm on Persia was bleeding with individual small pink tinted cuts. One naked arm and leg on Apella exhibited an individual small pink tinted cuts.
Each female continued the catfight with a set of heavy grunts as a strong paranormal creature that would easily kill a human in one swift stroke. Each one collided with the remaining upright tables while slicing some of furniture items into numerous parts. Each one slammed into each wall, the ceiling and then down on the floor without a death kill but numerous bruises and additional pink tinted cuts.
Apella wiggled her hips and activated her paranormal magic tossing an array of broken table pieces at Persia. Persia easily diced the furniture item into smaller pieces with her sword that landed down on the floor in front of her face.
Persia flipped her free hand in the air and sent out an invisible hand slamming the stomach on Apella, spinning Apella around to face the side wall of metal. Apella gasped in breathe and then soared through the air waves, hitting the side wall, breaking her nostrils and slid down the wall. She landed down the floor and screamed in pain from her broken nose.
Persia flipped her hand again and sent every piece of broken table scraps at a grounded Apella. The furniture pieces halted in the air and then landed down on top of Apella. Apella continued to wail in pain and angry from that slick paranormal trick, falling down on top of the metal floor while breaking a few more bones.
Persia slowly back stepped and hit the wall corner on the opposite side of the large room, dropping down in a clean spot on the metal floor that was not covered in dried blood from an eaten paranormal creature. She sobbed with her tears of defeat and sadness for her old and new friends, whispering for help to defeat this particular strong and evenly matched paranormal creature. "I can't continue like this. I'm in pain and bleeding. We are evenly matched with our fairy genes. I didn't know that Apella and Gable still existed. Well, I didn't know that I had been a fairy princess, until my car wreck, last week. Why is this happening to me? I was happy as a silly teenager with my silly friends from high school. What am I supposed to do here? I don't know. I'm only a teenager," she placed the sword in her lap and sobbed with more tears. 
On the opposite wall across the large room, Apella was still screaming in angry and slowly shuffling the larger pieces of furniture from her body as each piece flew in the air and then hit the ceiling metal ricocheting back down and fell down on top of the floor without harming Persia.
Actually, a heavy object cannot hurt or harm or kill Persia. She was a special paranormal creature, who had been selected by the Source. She continued to lounge inside the wall corner and wiped off each hot rolling tear of sorrow and sadness while whispering for her eardrums only. "Think, Persia! You passed each one of those awful tests, without sobbing like a baby. What is different here inside the Furnace? Everything is different here with Apella, inside her environment. We are evenly matched in strength, energy, agility, speed, power, and the rest of our supernatural powers. That is a fact. What did I learn from all of these rough brutal tests? I learned not to give up. I learned to persist. I learned to analyze my current vicious problem from a different angle. Yes, I need a different angle. Well, I could get up without a body wound and leave the Furnace setting. Apella can't follow me. No! I must end this kill job, right here and right now. There are hundreds more aliens that I need to visit and kill, today and this week. All right! You can't leave the Furnace or Apella. Think! Think fast! Think faster!"
Persia leaned back into the metal and tapped her set of fingernails on top of the shiny blade while hearing a set of tiny tings of musical notes. She continued to think and then smiled with happiness while hearing a set of tiny tings of musical notes. "Yachel, my bestest friend and dearest neighbor is dead now. I miss her, so much. I am so sorry, Yachel. I wished that I had come to your death funeral, if you had a death funeral. I didn't know that we were a pair of former fairies. I thought we were a pair of human teens, who were having fun in high school and going to attend college together like a pair of true sisters," she continued to smile and tapped her fingernails on the blade while hearing the lovely musical tings. 
On the opposite wall, Apella was roaring in fury and created her own musical tones that sounded like a marching band tossing from her body each table piece.
Persia looked down and smiled at her ten fingernails that continued to beat a lovely set of musical tings. 
The morning of the prom night, Yachel and Persia had wore the same pale blue mini-dress with a pair of pale blue sandals to their senior prom dance and dinner. But Yachel had insisted that each one of their fingernails become painted in a different neon color for fun and fashion. Yachel had painted Persia's nails that still glowed in an array of hues including green, yellow, pink, orange, purple, red, blue, peach, silver, brown, black, and gold.  
Persia continued to smile and stare at her glittering fingernails that displayed an inch in height for that special occasion. She normally didn't wear fingernail polish or allowed her fingernails to grow in long length or rounded high. But, prom night had been a special time for Persia and her best friend Yachel.
Yachel had wore a set of "claws" as a human teenager for fun and for fashion. Yachel tried to persuade Persia with the cool trend but failed.
Persia had researched the ingredients in one bottle of fingernail polish and found it contained too many toxin chemicals that she did not want on her teenly body.  However, she made an exception for her friend Yachel and her senior prom dance.
On top of the floor, she stared down with a frown at each glittering fingernail and mumbled out loud for her eardrums only. "A bottle of fingernail polish contains enough toxic chemicals to kill humans, infants, pets, animals, insects, and one fairy girl." She gasped in shock and examined each one of her fingernails. "I found the difference between Apella and me. I am wearing death. Apella and I, each one of us is a paranormal creature that lives and survives off the land, the plants, the trees, the earth soil that comes from Mother Nature, one of the Source's commanders. We can't live in the human city or consume the human food or play with the human toys or wear the human items." She stood upright from the floor and laughed out loud, slowly moving ahead, staring at the opposite wall. Her sword dropped down on top of the floor with a loud musical ding. Persia continued to march ahead with a smile and slowly ripped off each one of her fingernails.
On the opposite wall, all of the broken furniture tables were gone from the side wall and had been scattered over the floor. Apella slowly stood upright from the metal and screamed in angry, spinning around with a sneer, viewing Persia. She lifted up from the metal floor and swiftly flew ahead rotating her limbs in the air, aiming at the bone skull on Persia.
Persia halted in the middle of the room and stood among the scattered broken pieces of table furniture, watching Apella, holding one of her broken off fingernails. Apella continued to fly ahead and lowered her vertical body a few feet closer to the floor in the direct pathway of Persia.
Persia continued to stand and smiled at her new magic trick.
Apella flew within five feet of Persia's bone skull while rotating all of her limbs in the air for the death kill and screamed out loud with terror.
Persia tossed the first broken orange colored fingernail directly at the pot belly that peaked in-between the tee shirt and the top of the walking shorts. The orange tinted fingernail stuck and then started to burn through the peachy-colored skin tissue on Apella.
Apella flew over the bone skull on Persia and then halted in the air, looking down at her exposed pot belly, picking at the embedded fingernail slice that had dissolved into heated liquid and consumed the tender skin tissue. "What is this? Why is it on my skin? It is burning my skin. Get it off!"
Persia spun around with a stern face and stared at Apella tossing the broken red tinted fingernail in the air, hitting the naked forearm on Apella.
Apella screamed again and looked down, seeing the tiny object. The object started to sting in pain and burned through the top layer of peachy-colored skin tissue. She scratched at her stinging skin and continued to yell in pain. "What is this? Why is burning my skin? What magic treat is this, Persia? I demand to know."
Persia did not laugh but sneered up at Apella. "I decided to rip off each one of my fingernails that has been painted with a bottle of fingernail polish that contains enough toxic chemicals to kill humans, infants, pets, animals, insects, and one fairy girl."
Apella gasped in shock and looked down at Persia. "You...you are lying."
She tossed up the pink and green tinted broken fingernails in the air. Each fingernail landed on one of Apella's naked leg which started stinging the skin tissue and burning the first layer of skin. Persia sneered. "I am holding death and might, right here, darling. A taste or a lick of fingernail polish will kill you dead, Apella."
Apella screamed in pain and slowly descended down on top of the floor, scratching her finger pads at each one of the burning spots.
Persia tossed the yellow, the black, the brown, and the blue broken fingernails at Apella. Each one landed on Apella and burned the flesh. Apella twirled around in a circle trying to stop the burning pain. Persia said. "Fingernail polish is comprised of chemicals consisting of formaldehyde, toluene, and dibutyl phthalate. Formaldehyde chemical is the stuff that used to preserve dead things inside a glass jar for the curious human kids to see and awe with. Formaldehyde is a human carcinogen that fires the two eyeballs, the throat, the two nose holes, and all of the skin tissue with flames."
Apella continued to twirl around in a circle and screamed in pain. Her pot belly popped open and displayed a hole dropping down body parts that had not been processed by her stomach juice.
Persia frowned in disgust and tossed the rest of her broken fingernails at Apella. Each fingernail landed in a different stop as Apella screamed in pain. Persia stated. "Formaldehyde also causes infertility and  headaches and dizziness and fatigue. Do you feel tired, fairy girl? If you taste the chemicals in formaldehyde, then it is like licking a car battery with acid that eats your brain cells."
Apella dropped down from the air and landed down on the floor and slapped the holes in her skin. "I'm melting."
"No, ya paranormal fool! Your guts are burning from the outside towards the inside of your body, sorta the opposite of a fairy gem stone coming from within to outside on a fairy prince or fairy princess body. You are a paranormal creature that lives and survives off the land, the plants, the trees, the earth soil that comes from Mother Nature, one of the Source's commanders. We can't live in the human city or consume the human food or play with the human toys or wear the human items."
Apella rested on top of the floor and moaned in pain as her body continued to burn holes on her skin tissue that ate a hole and burned the fingernail polish chemicals throughout her body.
Persia jabbed a broken finger nail and frowned down at a dying fairy princess Apella. "The biggest difference between me and you, Apella. My body still contains tiny bits of fairy DNA with happiness; but my heart still contains tiny bit of human for humanity. That's the difference between you and me. You never wanted to become a human for any reason. And that's how I won and you lost here. Fare thee well, fairy princess Apella! The stars and planets will enjoy your scattered dusty body parts for the rest of eternity," Persia did not laugh but stared down at Apella. Apella was dead as her body continued to burn into plumes of colorful ashes which swiftly consumed her skin tissue, organs, guts, bones, and blood.
P.K./Persia spun around and reached out with her arm. Her sword jumped from the wall corner and landed inside her cupped hand. She stored her sword and leaped up from the metal floor, flying through the air waves, breaking a hole through the rooftop and soared through the air waves. She landed down on top of the forest leaves and exhaled with sadness for the great loss of numerous paranormal creatures from the evil ways of former fairy princess and former fairy pixie Apella, staring at the cold building of death and misery. Persia whipped out her sword and pointed the tip at the building, releasing out a heated blaze of fire engulfed the building, melting the steel and every time down into a puddle of gooey metal. The sword had a mind of its own and shut off. The earth soil opened up a new deep fission with soft rambling sound and then dropped the heated metal down into the core of the planet, slowly closing up the fission without taking the life of a forest animal. 
P.K./Persia stood in place and exhaled with relieve, nodding with a stern face, swinging around to face the thick forest. She slowly moved ahead and whispered for her eardrums only. "My mission is set. My purpose is clear. I am not the sixteen years old fairy princess Persia from the Fairyland Kingdom. She is dead. I am not the seventeen years old high school graduate Prudence Keller from the human world. She is dead too. I am the eighteen years old paranormal killer. I am alive and well and gifted with supernatural powers and thoughts. I travel alone and lonely starting the debate, but finishing the fight, correcting the wrongness into rightness, turning dark into light. My forward pathway is unknown and my thoughts are blank. The words will guide me to the next person or place or pet, without fanfare or song. I obey the Source and gladly follow his command, until the end of time or the ending of eternity or until I am called back home inside his everlasting glory. I am known as P.K. Thank you, Source! Praying for oneness and saving the world, to boot!"
P.K./Persia stopped with a gasp and stared at the Darling Forest. Each tree was colored in green bark, not bleached in white hue. Each one of the red tinted blood protein stains had been removed and then avenged by the paranormal killer for the set of useless soul murders.  Each pair of dead lovers were together someplace else or living within another rim of space and time. But, here, on Planet Earth, Mother Nature was in control of the planet again.
P.K./Persia nodded with a smile in silence to the forest of beautiful trees hearing the singing birds, the croaking frogs, and the whistling crickets. The forest was balanced and happy again. She slowly padded ahead with her blank thoughts. However, the mental words easily flowed through her active mind. She was heading back to the Greystone Juvenile Work Center and start a non-verbal debate with alien Mehire.




The beginning....
