All & Truths

ipam




Smashwords Edition Copyright 2019 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

CHAPTER ONE



Cast of Characters:


Beck Actworth, student, geek
Billy Jack, student, football player, twin of Bobby Joe
Bobby Joe, student, football player, twin of Billy Jack
Cinta Warfield, student, majorette, Risa’s girl best
Davy Ray, student, football player
Garth Warfield, student, football player
Lara Lee Hodges, student, head majorette
Risa Dawn Patillo, student, majorette, Cinta’s girl best


Story location:


The metro city of Birmingham is 1,237 miles from the rural town of Brewster, Alabama, which takes an automobile driver 18 hours and 30 minutes to arrive in the fair city. The city is covered in one-story older ranch homes that covers 11.22 square miles of land and 0.23 square miles of water. The flat and fertile land elevation is 82 feet above sea level and lies 62 miles north from the Gulf of Mexico warm ocean waters. The weather is cool and then hotter air and wind temperatures throughout the solar year with 61 degrees Fahrenheit in the month of January and 91 degrees Fahrenheit in the month of August.
Historically, the small rural of Brewster had provided water barges running to and from the larger city of Pensacola, within the US State of Florida on the Murder Creek and Burnt Corn Creek, transporting goods, people, merchandise, and lumber, before the establishment of the railway system in the year 1861.
However, the focus of the story location runs three miles easterly from Brewster, in a small cow town which is called Apollo.
The small town Apollo consists of either ranch-type or Greek-inspired plantation houses, that are surrounded by vast wildness of tall shade trees, smaller range of wild animals, a smaller fresh water river, and numerous flat, open fields that contain corn, cotton, cows, horses, hogs, chickens, goats, dogs, and cats, that occupies 22 square miles of landmass with .50 square miles of fresh water. The landmass is 81 feet above sea level and lies 63 miles north from the Gulf of Mexico.


Story plot:

Risa is a sixteen-year-old, high school senior that twirls a majorette baton for the Apollo High School marching band and produces a set of lousy academic grades, not on purpose; it just happens, after hours of studying and constant tutoring lessons from her best friend Cinta.
Her parents are a pair of college-educated graduates and own one of the local farmlands that supplies the family income and possesses both hopes and dreams sending their only child to the university, without a scholarship, of course, for a good education to run their farm.
Due to Risa's lousy academic non-achievements, however, the teen female has never been a fun, solo or double-date with a high school teen male while greatly desiring her teenly dream to come true. 
Continued with same calendar day, different American city and time zone...


Sunday, September 22nd
Dull sunlight and parted clouds
    with slight rain and cold temperatures

City of Coos Bay, within the US State of Oregon
Roman Theater location

South Broadway Highway
Auditorium conference room setting
10:10:10 am


On the gigantic projector screen inside an empty theater setting that resided within a red tinted wooden two-story tall business office building on a city street in the city of Coos Bay, a single super commercial passenger jumbo airplane blew three out of its four engines beautifully shooting out colors in red and yellow flames in the clear pale blue sky. Then, the clear sky rained down small, medium and large blue-tinted heated chucks of twisted burning metal, plumes of brown smoke that covered each manicured lawn, clean rooftops, fireplace chimneys, moving and stationary vehicles, and walking or jogging humans in the city limits of Eugene, Oregon.
Cox, the oldest brother of Beck and the first born from the Actworth clan entered through a rectangular-shaped auditorium open archway coming from an empty and lighted hallway without other guests but numerous stacked roles of folded wheelchairs in black hue or slightly metal colored tones, slamming the door shut with the flicker of his finger on his fighting hand. He slowly padded ahead and turned to see seated rows with numerous chatting and laughing other gods and goddesses, including his blood-related family members. He wore a gray tinted tuxedo with an indigo and maroon striped bowtie with a pair of maroon dress shoes measuring six feet and two inches in height, displaying a clean shaven face of dark cocoa tinted skin, without his pair of red-tinted framed eyeglasses over his two dark brown colored eyeballs. Cox swiftly moved down the sloped clear aisle in the middle of the large auditorium room on his two dress shoes, without his wheelchair, clapping with happiness and shouted out loud with a smile, “Great shooting, Auntie Wray!”
Wray, the elderly woman was the aunt of Cox and his six other brothers, including the youngest brother Beck, and lounged in the middle of the row, in the center seat, not inside her personal wheelchair, staring at the mist of whitish-gray swirling clouds that stood stationary on the gigantic projector screen that exhibited the same descending helpless, hopeless damaged commercial jet passenger airplane with including men, women, babies, children, teens and senior elderly souls. She continued to smile and nod, without words, tapping her designer brand yellow tinted fashion high heeled sandals on top of the hard floor underneath her ankle-length red tinted satin gala gown measuring five feet and ten inches in body height. She possessed a healthy complexion of dark cocoa tinted skin tone, without a single facial wrinkle, a pair of dark brown tinted irises, and a head of black tinted straight hair falling down her back spine. She did not display her pair of peach-colored eye frames on her face but exhibited pieces of red tinted jewelry over her naked throat, both of her wrist bones, both of her earlobes, and each finger joint, both of her ankle bones, and a nose ring, and an eyebrow ring for fun. She appeared very youthful, like a seventeen year old teenager, not an elderly wrinkled-face, sagging skinned-tone, pale-tinted sixty year old aunt to her thirty year old-looking young nephew.
On the same auditorium row, Folsom, another brother of Beck, rested inside an individual lounge chaise, without his wheelchair, beside his brother Axson and wore a dark green tinted tuxedo with an orange and pink poker dotted bowtie with a pair of dark blue dress shoes while watching the falling fireball that once was a true commercial passenger airplane with real humans, where some people were dead. Other people were suffering. Folsom exhibited a pair of dark brown irises, a tone of dark cocoa tinted skin with a clean shaven face, without his pair of dark green tinted framed eye glasses, measuring six feet and three inches in height. Folsom followed the walking moves on his brother Cox, who headed down towards the gigantic active and colorful projector screen, in front of the auditorium room.
Wray nodded with a smile to the projector screen watching the descending human airplane fall from the sky. "During my time, I recalled Ancient Greece also..."
"Ugh! Ancient Greece started in 11,000 B.C., Auntie Wray." Axson frowned and exhibited a pair of dark brown irises, a tone of dark cocoa tinted skin, without his facial mustache and his pair of purple-tinted framed eye glasses. He measured six feet and two inches in height and did not sit inside his wheelchair, wearing a yellow tinted tuxedo with a bowtie in red and purple flowers and a pair of pink tinted flip-flops. He was another brother to Cox, Perry, Folsom, and Beck.
"Ancient Greece started in 11,000 B.C. and ended in 600 A.D. I am a goddess. You are a god. We both age one chronological human year every 5,000 Earth years. A great example, your older brother Cox was birthed in the year 30 B.C. Cox aged like a human baby each year, until the year 12 B.C., when he attained the age of eighteen years old and then he became a permanent teenager for the rest of his supernatural god days and nights, without facial wrinkles, gray hair, sagging skin, hair loss, dark spots, pot belly, molds, hair growth in the wrong places, and such," she laughed with her nephews. Our god family clan lived and played and thrived in the country of Greece. The time and the events were pretty regular and normal for the stupid race of humans. The gods and goddesses were the teachers and tried to educate the stupid things in the field of philosophy of free thoughts and fresh ideas regarding language, education, mathematics, science, arts, religion and ..."
"...because you wanted smarter slaves and servants," Folsom laughed.
Wray frowned. "I admit the education of knowledge brought the race of humans closer to the gods and goddesses."
Perry sat beside his aunt and was dressed in a lavender tinted tuxedo and wore a rose and pink tinted bowtie with thousands of white tinted skeleton skulls, and a pair of white tinted flop-flips. He exhibited a pair of dark brown irises, a tone of dark cocoa tinted skin with a clean shaven face without his pair of blue-tinted framed eye glasses. Perry measured six feet and three inches in height and did not sit inside his wheelchair. He smiled. "It makes me wonder back then and present day, if you have left each human naked, then the entire human race would be our slaves and servants, instead them annoying us and ruining the natural resources, which is our home planet, also, Auntie Wary."
She nodded. "Hmm! That is an interesting observation. However, in Ancient Greece, some of the semi-smarter humans understand our teachings and taught their children, who left Ancient Greece and moved around to different cities, creating the cradle of the Western civilization. The..."
Folsom nodded. "But Ancient Greeks carried the crown of the cradle of Western civilization. The army of Persia invaded the country of Greece in the year 480 B.C., which gave rise to the Macedon kingdom, where King Philip II became the new king in the year 337 B.C. and in the year 336 B.C. his blood-kin son was named, Alexander, the third and the Great, who died in the year 323 B.C."
Wray nodded. "Yes, your world history lessons are thorough. All the battle fights had been started by the human females like Helena of Troy and other unknown beauty women in ancient history without goddess blood. Their used sex to please and plea their men-folk onto war. Then war happened again and again. The gods and goddesses were teachers, not warriors. We did not either encourage or participate in war games with the humans. After the death of Alexander, the third and the Great in the year 323 B.C., the nasty Roman soldiers invaded Greece and took over all of cute towns.
Folsom nodded. "Also, the country of Greece landscape is naturally divided by the sea or the mountain range into islands or valleys or plain of fertile crop land where each geographical landscape housed one small community. Based on the fixed landscape, the growing population of humans plus gods and goddesses created a shortage of land property for houses and food which resulted in the rebel leaders that propelled and prepared the citizens and the country for any type of wars, which did come true. So, I can't really blame the race of humans. A human wants a warm house and a warm bathe and a warm plate of food, that's humanity."
"Yes, you are correct with your  human life philosophy, Folsom. The gods and goddesses had taught poetry and philosophy from death to wisdom to humans Herodotus, Thucydides, Xenophon, Plato, and Aristotle. We created the coin for exchange of goodies and the pottery for food items, without eating with the ten naked and dirty fingers, that Axson still does. We instructed in ship-building and fishing techniques for food and transportation. We created coin usage that displayed the Greek goddess Athena and her owl, which honored and complimented their supernatural teachers. The country of Greece became a become major maritime and mercantile power within the Mediterranean seas. However, with all of the advancement tools given to mankind, the geographical tiny sea country and the human citizens continued to suffer from lack of land and agricultural problems resulting in civil issues, while the aristocracy rich elites entrenched their dominate leadership over the poor people which maintained internal battle fights and wars within the tiny country of Greece. Athens fought with Sparta. Sparta fought with Corinth. Corinth fought with Thebes. Once the internal wars were settled and a king presided over all of the city-states. The aristocracy rich elite kings wanted control of riches and land and peoples, so the Greece warriors went to war with the surrounding towns gobbling up Southern Italy, Sicily, and Asia Minor, creating colonies with a commercial link going back to the Greece elites. More riches! Even the far away colonies were not happy with Greece rule and created continuous conflict and chaos that involved more battle fights, money, and men. The gods and goddesses stayed clear of the messy human rumblings and mumblings , still teaching and educating the young men, who went off to war to die and the young women, who went off to marry and produce more children. The history of Ancient Greece is littered with all kinds of fake allies and numerous battle wars, including, the First Punic War; Battle of Marathon, Peloponnesian War; Battle of Himera; Battle of Salamis; Battle of Plataea; the Macedonia War, and a list of other wars and battles, which I should not name here. You can read all about the war plans and parties by accessing your ancient historical memory files inside your supernatural god mind.
"But, I would like for you to hear this concept of Greek decision-making nonsense power strategy that affected both the laborers and the lands. The city-state of Athens fell under the terrible rule of Pesisistratos. So, an Athenian aristocrat named Cleisthenes left his city-state by horse, of course, and visited another city-state, asking the Spartan King Cleomenes I to help overthrow the tyrant, Pesisistratos. Now, that is a prime example of political evidence using an ancient historical fact: you scratch my naked back spine, then I will scratch your naked neck muscles.
"Cleisthenes' battle plot worked greatly.
"The Spartan warriors overrun the city streets and killed tyrant Pesisistratos and all of his fellow tyrannical friends including blood-related family members. While the gang of hostile Spartan warriors were there in the city limited killing off the citizens, robbing the goodies, and raping the women in Athens, they started a Sparta war with the city-state of Athens. Then, both the city-states of Sparta and Athens turned and warred on each other.
"King Cleomenes won the battle fight and then reigned over the city-state of Athens. You can guess the next event. A revolution up rising occurred from the natives of Athens. All of the Athenians rebelled and then won their rebellion and kicked the Spartan buttholes out from the city-state.
"All of these warring events lasted, until the tiny country of Greece was broken by battle scars of warriors and broken hearts from female widowers. Then a mighty, ugly King Philip II of Macedonia came along and united all of the beaten soldiers and rallied the country side dominating each city-state in the country of Greece and every old king in the south, expanding his kingdom all the way into the Persian lands, which modern day Turkey to the east, into the northeastern lands of Thrace, which is modern day Bulgaria and into the northwestern lands of Illyrians, which is modern day Albania, until in the year 336 B.C., King Philip had been assassinated by Pausanias of Orestis from the Persia Empire. 
"Alexander, the third was a fresh of sweet air for the country of Greece, even though he was the native prince of Macedonia lands and the royal son of King Philip, who continued the fight for his cold, dead kingly father. After the dead of his father, King Philip II, numerous revolt parties erupted throughout the current kingdom within all of the city-states of Greece, including Thebes, Corinth and, Athens. The nations of Illyria and Thrace wanted their independence from new King Alexander, also.  For the next ten years, Alexander had started his war campaign and headed south not really re-conquering the city-states of Greece but forging the alliance with  his sword,  not his words. When he had re-conquered each city-state, the soldiers and government leaders reconfirmed their pledge of alliance to King Alexander III. Then Alexander turned to the east and attacked and then defeated King Darius, the third, destroying the Persia Empire, where he received the new title, Alexander, the Great. The Persian Empire had existed, since the year 550 B.C., and then died, in the year 336 B.C., compliments of Alexander, the Great. Alexander continued to head down to the south and then freed the country of Egypt, naming the city after his person, calling sea port Alexandria.
"The war trek from King Alexander, the Great opened up new working jobs, social interactions, and economic opportunities for all Greek citizens, especially young and ambition adults migrating to the new nations of modern day Turkey, African, Afghanistan, Pakistan, and India which established trade networks for the Greek city-states, boosting the economy of Ancient Greece also." 
"Without our clan, all of our gods and goddesses immediately left from all of the Greece city-states also with Greek elites and peasants and then flocked to the new city on the Nile River of Alexandria, finding new citizens that were eager to embrace, honor, and create marble monuments as their new Egyptian gods and goddesses adopting the same Greek rituals of burning incense, spreading soft petal flowers, and placing food items at the foot of each newly erected Egyptian statue.  We were very happy with the Egyptian natives, who easier adopted the Greek customs that were integrated into the Egyptian culture.
"To finish the rest of my true ancient world history, King Alexander, III continued his war campaign and tried to conquer the modern day country of India, but failed epically as world history had identified. He returned back to the city of Babylon and then died in the year 323 B.C. After his dead, his kingdom was split into four different kingdom with their own king creating the new Ptolemaic Kingdom with Egypt and North Africa; the new Seleucid Empire with Mesopotamia and Persia; the new Antigonid dynasty with Macedonia, and finally the independence of the city states of Greece. Eventually, the Roman Empire took over the kingdoms and incorporated all of the Alexander's lands. The end! Well, this is not the end."
Axson frowned. "Why are talking about ancient world history, Auntie Wray?"
Wray exhaled with worry and nodded with a stern face. "I have a great point here to express, young god. Please, listen to me and display mindful patience for your group of elders, boy!"
Axson nodded with a stern face to his aunt. "Yes, ma'am! I am sorry. I did not meet to interrupt your ancient world history."
She patted her two palms on her lap and tapped on her designer fashion heels with a secret rhyme. "My particular god and goddess family had been birthed and then lived in the city-state of Athens within the country of Greece. However, the tiny and huge human-soldier battle conflicts, within the tiny country of Greece, had continued from the year 600 BC, until all of the human warriors were defeated, and then all of the lands and the laborers were absorbed into the great Roman Empire, in the year 149 BC, prompting all of the gods and goddesses to abandon their native homeland and their annoying subjects for a fresh new blood and a change of new landscape. Most of the gods and goddesses decided to move to the Alexandria sea port while some of the gods and  goddesses took advantage of the new Greece colonies and left to visit the new lands. I wanted to point out in this room and here within world history that the Hindu, Mexico, Roman, African, Briton, Viking gods and goddesses are really our sister goddesses and brother gods coming from the city-states of Greece first. So, we really are family. This is why we all appear alike, slender body frame,  dark cocoa skin tone, dark eyeballs, and black tinted hair. However, over the centuries, our foreign gods and goddesses have slightly mutated while existing in a specific geographical landscape along with different weather conditions.
"I, technically, am a goddess and Greek native, too. Over my ages of long centuries, the geography country of Greece is automatically divided by hilltops, mountains, and rivers, creating a fragmented kingdom, which in turn, established individual kingdoms which are called city-states. During the time period of Ancient Greece culture, each city-state created a king to rule over the large territories controlling violence and robbery. However, I saw and participated in this honor and concept. The ancient Greek natives were 'one people' with the same religion, same culture, and same language, and each Greek native fiercely defended their independent of their residential city state, but the group of city-states did not unity for the economy or the fear of enemies. When any dead or fight threat was cleared, then some of stronger city-states started to execute infighting over petty land grab, crop fields, and slaves, again, which was quiet annoying as a young goddess, who only wanted peace and harmony for her native homeland and fellow natives.
"Also, each city-state followed a Code of Laws. Each city-state was ruled by a city official, who functioned as a king, which eventually became an aristocratic rich oligarchy. The word, oligarchy, is a Greek word that means, 'the few to rule.' An oligarchy is a format power structure, where the power resides with a few individuals. I had lived in the city-state of Athens. I witnessed the sub-conscious change of the people to the power.
"In the beginning, a king held the inherited position coming from the royal family, executing religious, military, and judicial functions over his subjects. In the year 1050 B.C., the king had been replaced by single archon, that served for a lifetime until death, executing the religious, military, and judicial functions over the people. By the year 753 B.C., the one single archon had been replaced by  an archonship, which was nine individuals that served for ten years while executing the religious, military, and judicial functions over the people.  I want to point out another ancient world historical fact. From the year 800 B.C. to 400 B.C., the population of Ancient Greece increased from 800,000 to 13 million individuals. Seventy years later, by the year 683 B.C., the archonship of nine was elected yearly by the people and for the people while executing the religious, military, and judicial functions over the people. 
Axson frowned with a smile. "That seems like a fair deal with 13 million mouths to feed! Athens started out with a single king, who ruled over the people and decided everything, including battle fights, festival ceremonies, and bags of wheat. Now, Athens has more people that are responsible for a different operation within the city."
Wray nodded with a smile. "Yes, I see you point, also. The one king only had single powers of life and death. Now, there are nine powers of life and death that rule over the people. Hmm! A few nine in power that rule over the greater number of 13 million people."
He frowned. "Well, when you approach the  matter from that point of view, it does look terrible for the people of Greece."
She nodded. "I will quote from ancient world history. The archonship of nine people coming from the rich aristocracy managed to gain, keep, maintain, and transfer more power from each single individual, the people. And the people agreed with your statement. The archonship of nine people dominated the politics of the season and continued to gather and store monies in their pockets, in which, the people noticed and reacted by overthrowing the archonship of nine magistrates and then placing a tyrant over the city-state. The newly installed Tyrant seized control and governed by his tyrannical will and ruled the people with the aid of a personal social, economic, and financial agenda and an underground network of bankers, businessmen, spies, murderers, assassinates, and other devoted persons.  Eventually, the people rebelled from the terrible ruthless political tactics and tossed out the vile tyrant and then created a democracy. The natives of Athens founded the world's first democratic government body curbing the raise of aristocracy power and wealth," she laughed with her nephews. "The democracy body  held an assembly for citizens to discuss city policy. All citizens were permitted to attend and had equal privileges. Thus, the assembly became the machine for the government that governed the people.
"Under the Code of Law, a citizen was a free male, who owned his own land and was birthed in his native city-state and was entitled the Code of Law protection statues. The population was divided into four social classes based on money, of course. I do believe the money problem started here in the country of Greece. However, a citizen could change their social class, if he acquired more monies. A slave held no power or citizen status or political rights. So, at the assembly of citizens, in the democracy format, a citizen could address the assembly topic and run for political office as long as you were not the poorest citizens or a non-citizen such like, a slave or a foreigner. Some of the city-states adopted the new democratic form of government while the other kept with the tradition archonship.
"A slave held no financial power or citizenship statue or political voting rights but could marry and produce a slave family and own land property with the permission from his or her master. By 500 B.C., one-third of the Greece population were labeled as slaves, who never revolted against their master, because the slave group comprised too many nationalities and were too scattered over the fragmented geographical islands of the city-states. In the city-state of Athens, 80 percent of the population were slaves. Most Greek families owned a mod of slaves, even the poorer Greek clans owned one or two that served as the household slaves and the field laborers. An owner could not kill or beat a slave and promised freedom at some future date, which encouraged the slave to work harder. What a wonderful psychological ploy! The slaves were mixed into the population and included foreigner slaves. Each city-state owned a group of slaves for specialized tasks, such like, a police slave for herding citizens during political functions, a temple slave for the temple duties, and a banker slave to identify counterfeit coins. 
Axson laughed. "Ha! Thievery started in the country of Greece!"
She nodded. "By 500 B.C., Ancient Greece was the most advanced profitable economy in the world. The average daily wage for a Greek worker received 26 pounds of wheat, when he was compared to an Egyptian worker receiving eight pounds of wheat.
"In the city-state of Sparta, dual kings served as the military and religious leaders that came from two separate family clans. Then, the military and religious powers from the two kings were watched by a council of elders, who were appointed by the people. A group of slaves was assigned to a family clan and stayed there for life, working in the crop fields, cleaning the house, so each Greek mother could raise strong children. Each Greek father devoted their time to battle training. And each slave was treated very badly by their assigned family clan. And each Greek teenage male had to kill one of their family slave as a rite of passage."
"Cool" Axson laughed.
"I like!" Folsom chuckled.
"Thus, slaves revolted all the time within the city-state of Sparta. I had heard and did not like," she nodded. "Each city-state established a public school for the children. The rich family provided a private tutor their children at their home. A Greek boy learned to read, write, quote literature, sing, play a musical instrument and trained for military duty, becoming an effective citizen of Greece. A Greek girl learned to read, write, perform simple math, preparing to manage the Greek household and raise her children into effective citizens. At the age of twelve years old, a Greek boy learned arithmetic, music, dancing, wrestling, running, and throwing the discus and the javelin. At the age of eighteen years old, a Greek teen male entered into military training for two years. The richest Greek male teens continued their education by studying with a famous teacher, such like, Plato and Aristotle. So, through all this continuous academic education since walking and talking for each Greek native, the Ancient Greek scientists led the world in the fields of philosophy with the words from Plato and Socrates; literature with the oral poems from Homer and the written poems from Archilochus; and musical songs and musical lyrics for marriages, funerals, religious ceremonies, theatre, folk and ballad musical tunes.
"The word, music, comes the Muses, who are the goddesses of the arts and the daughters of Zeus.
"The Ancient Greek scientists led the world of medicine science from physician Hippocrates and the field of mathematics coming from mathematicians Pythagoras, Euclid, and Archimedes developing the basic rules of geometry, applied mathematics, and integral calculus. Greek scientists, Eudoxus of Cnidus and Callippus of Cyzicus developed the field of astronomy that studied the stars and explained the motion of the planets. Heraclides Ponticus proposed that Planet Earth rotated around its axis. Aristarchus of Samos suggested the heliocentric system of planets. And, finally, the Greek mathematicians and the astronomers developed and used the first analog computer in the year 80 B.C., a bronze-coated device with differential gears that calculated the movements of planets and positions of astronomical objects. The ancient devise had been discovered inside an ancient shipwreck off the Greek island of Kythera and Crete.
"With marvelous scientists and scientific tools, the Ancient Greeks were the original masters of the warfare over the lands and on the seas, wearing bronze body gear and bronze swords, building fishing boat to warships, developing battlefield strategies on land and naval tactics on seas and pooling resources and division of labor from the natives, the foreigners, and the slaves. The city-state of Athens housed the 200 warships, which was the largest naval fleet in Ancient Greece, using 34,000 oars men, because Athens possessed their own silver mines."
"Wait! I have never heard of a city owning a mine. Companies own a mine. How does a city own a silver mine?"
"That is an excellent question, Folsom. And I have an excellent answer. At the beginning of time and man and woman, he and she used a pair naked human hands, handfuls of visually raw earth minerals such like, dirt clay, different type of colorful hard rocks and wooden tree limbs with tree bark had been used to mold a home shelter, craft an eating tool, forge a weapon for food and protection.  Then the race of human started finding and using flint stones and animal bones to build fires for warmth, forge tools for food, and weapons for protection. After living the damp, dark caves, man and women discovered copper mineral creating both better tools and weapons. Digging around in the dirt with the new copper tools, mankind eventually uncovered more useful and valuable earth minerals including tin, gold, silver, and iron ore minerals that produced better shelters, food meals, agricultural machine and air, land, and sea transportation vehicles plus visual, vocal, and audio technological devises, and continuous bloody warfare, all in the name of greed, money and vanity.
"The Earth minerals were visually identified and then surface mined by chipping into the bedrock on a cliff face, extracting the precious  silver ore from the visual vein with a hand-held bone scraper, preventing protection or profit or both for the lucky miner.
"Over time, the laborious technique for mineral mining transferred from the rich miner to a group poor slave workers, such like, in the  year 3200 B.C., at the Laurion silver mines in the Lavrion Hills at southern Attica, which was 50 miles south of the city-state of Athens.
"At the height of silver ore production, in the year 483 B.C., the mines produced one million troy ounces per year and employed 20,000 slaves, which was the largest Prime Creator of silver in the world all performed by slaves. The master miner supervised three groups of laborers. The strongest slaves picked at the silver ore face with a volcanic-made scraper. The weaker males carried the scraped silver ore from the mine site and both the females and older males sifted the ore rock. "The slaves worked ten hour shifts inside dark and narrow passages using a smoking oil lamp from whale blubber that contaminated the air passage and his human lungs and then rested for ten hours to begin their work day again. On top of the mine, the master smelter oversaw the mortar and hand mill production duties. 
"During the Bronze Age from 3000 to 1200 B.C., copper and bronze metal had been used for warrior helmets and body shields; spears and swords were forged from iron ore. The smelted silver mineral had been used for eating utensils, on fashion jewelry, and lovely decorations on personal weapons used by important individuals.
"In the year 483 B.C., a new vein of silver ore had been discovered. Instead of mining the silver and distributing to the citizen, Athenian Themistocles warned the Greek assembly that the Persian army was a threat to the city-state and argued building a fleet of navy warships.
An assembly member Aristides disagreed and debated with the members for the infantry warfare.
Themistocles countered the naval fleet would make Athens a great sea power and provide people with jobs building each warship. The assembly members voted for Themistocles and Aristides went into exile. The city-state of Athens crafted 200 warships that won the Battle of Salamis in the year 480 B.C. against the Persian navy." Wray nodded with a smile. "Now, I am a mature goddess. Back then, I was a young goddess barely understanding my supernatural powers. The clan of gods and goddesses were teachers, instructors, guidance counselor and educating and encouraging the philosophy of free thoughts and fresh ideas that enhanced their language and culture while loving and caring for their children, their parents, their grandparents, and all of their blood-related family members. My first point, I wanna explain here. King Philip inherited the crown at the age of twenty-three years old. Is that incredible honor or situation?"
"Yes." Axson nodded.
"Yeah." Folsom nodded.
Perry nodded. "Wow!"
Wray nodded. "King Philip ruled the country of Macedon and organized, planned war campaigns with land conquests for riches and power and slaves and lands. However, conquering a foreign nation required both men and money. Philip used males from his country of Macedon and other males coming from the surrounding conquered foreign cities while creating numerous new military battle equipment pieces creating crossbows, catapults, and battle towers that was used to besiege and conquer one city after another. While working on his life-time goal of conquering the world, Philip needed money that came in the form of metal coins coming from gold and silver mines.
"In the year 357 B.C., King Philip started his first plan, attacking and then captured the silver and gold mines in northern Thrace at the Mount Pangeo, near the city of Krinides, which was the major Prime Creator of financing his war strategies. In addition, the minted gold coins became the common currency in Ancient Greek world. Why would a king desire to leave his country? Why did King Philip desire to leave his country?"
Axson nodded. "Power. Greed. Vanity. Ego. Riches. Revenge."
"His second born royal son, Alexander, the third received his crown at the age of twenty years old. Isn't that incredible? Yes, it is. Even thought, his father King Philip II had been a vile monster and a military inventor of war weapons, a skilled diplomat, and a battle genius. It was expected that a son from that type of nasty human male would emulate his father and his royal son Alexander did that and went beyond. However, the question is begged to be addressed? King Philip had conquered Greece, Persia, Thrace, Illyria, Crete, and Cyprus. Why would a mature and smart and rich man want to go beyond and conquer the rest of the unseen and undiscovered world? Why? Why? Why?"
Perry smiled. "Well, a man does not wanna do that, only a royal king with great desires of grandeur."
"Excellent point, Perry!" Wray tossed both of her palms near her smile and winked at her nephew Axson, slapping both of them down into her dress, nodding with a wicked smile. "But, I have the most fabulous answer that will address all of your questions. If you enjoy or detest reading any or all of the Ancient World History literature,  where some of information is true fabrication, because it was orally, recorded, or written down by a human male, not a honest god or a goddess, then you know the pantheon gossip that Heracles was not of full god status. He was a half-species god. His mother was a human and his father is Zeus, chief of the pantheon. Heracles is the first known half-species god within the pantheon. However, no god or goddess really talks about him. He likes to hang and play and live with the human while acting like a human, instead of a god. For centuries, Heracles wondered around the known world on a pair of naked feet and aided humans, so the pantheon couldn't really annoy him or he couldn't really annoy the other gods and goddesses. However, Heracles had been a naughty half-species god and mated with a human girl, who produced a baby. The child was one-fourth species of a god and three-fourths species of a human. Throughout the centuries, the blood-related sons and daughters from their demigod daddy Heracles had died off for unnatural illness or a man-made reason or been viciously, sedulously, secretively murdered by either their step-granddaddy Zeus or their step-grandmother Hera. Thus, the dead half-breed kids remained anonymous and nameless in the world history books.
"However, King Temenus was not murdered by Goddess Hera or God Zeus and was proclaimed the great-great-grandson of half-god Heracles and then birthed royal son Perdiccas I, who continued the Macedonia line of kings and princes. His royal son was Argaeus I. His royal grandson was Philip I of Macedon. I think you understand the supernatural family tree. Now, let's jump ahead by five generations, Archelaus I was the son of Perdiccas II by a slave girl and went on to murder the reigning king, his uncle Alcetas II, and his cousin Alexander. Thus, his father Perdiccas II became the new king of Macedon and his seven year old half-brother became the next legitimate heir to the throne. After a few years, Archelaus I killed his half-brother and then he became the new king of Macedon and married producing royal sons and daughter.
"His royal son Amyntas III came to the royal throne and married Princess Eurydice in 390 BC with a friendly alliance with the her native country of Illyria. However, he had inherited the throne with troubles with troubles and was driven out of his kingdom in the year 393 B.C. He birthed three sons that sat on the throne and three sons by another wife Gygaea. He died at an advanced age in the year 371 BC leaving three sons and one daughter. 
"In the year 371 B.C., his first born son Alexander II reigned with stupidity  and interfered with a civil war between Thebe and Athens which resulted in a forced alliance that provided political hostages from Macedonia including his younger brother Philip II to the city of Thebes.
"In the year 369 B.C., Macedonia King Alexander II attended a festival in honor of the new alliance in Thebes and was assassinated by Ptolemy. Ptolemy was the envoy from Macedonia; the son of Prince Menelaus; the nephew of King Amyntas III, the lover of Queen Eurydice I, and the first cousin to Alexander II, Perdiccas III, Philip II, and Princess Eurydice. 
"In the year 369 B.C, the middle royal son of Amyntas III, Perdiccas III became the new king, but was too young to rule at the age of 14 years old and assume all of the royal duties and shared the throne with a regent, his first cousin Ptolemy of Aloros.
"In the year 365 B.C., eighteen years old, King Perdiccas III killed his first cousin Ptolemy of Aloros and assumed the throne distinguishing his reign as a man of letters, not a male of armor, getting his person killed five years later while battling the Illyrians in the year 359 B.C.
"In the year 359 B.C., the infant royal son of Perdiccas III became the king with a regent, his uncle Philip II. At the age of twenty-three years old, Philip II declared kingship and gave the baby to his mother, without a dead kill and then became the new King of Macedonia. You do believe you know the rest of the ancient world history. Alexander, the Great was his son that carried the god genes of Hercules, which is a mixture of 2.94 percent of god genes and the rest is human bones, flesh, and blood."
Axson buzzed his lips and then laughed with humor. "That's not a lot of god or good or greatness there." He laughed with his brothers.
"I do believe that I should disagree with you, Axson. His name says is all." Wray softly chuckled with a grin. "Olympias was birthed as part human and part goddess species with a set of goddess genes from half-species god Greek hero Achilles."
Folsom gasped. "What!"
Axson gasped. "What!"
"How!" Perry smiled.
She frowned. "Are you really surprised and shocked and stunned? Her birth name says it all. What human mother or father in the world of Ancient Greece would dare to name their kid, after the Olympian gods and goddesses, without a hand slap, or a butt whipping or a lightning bolt crunch? Olympias is a butchered format of the word, Olympians. Mount Olympia is the summer vacation home for fun family clan reunions. And we are known as the Olympian gods and goddesses, who vacation there. However, this is so and this gets so much more better. You know the Greek story of Achilles. Achilles was the son of goddess sea mermaid Thetis and human King Peleus of Myrmidons, so he was a half-species god also. I have mentioned before that all of the gods and goddesses lived and played only in the country of Greece. Well, half-species god Achilles was a very young god and lived on each Greek seaport enjoying the sand the and sea under loving care of his goddess sea mom, until she hid Achilles away in the Lycomedes Kingdom as girly red-haired maiden. He met and married Princess Deidamia from the Lycomedes Kingdom, who was the daughter of King Skyros. They had a child named Neoptolemus, who was not a king or prince, but one-fourth god species. Half-species Achilles fought in the Trojan War and entered the Troy city, when his wife Princess Deidamia and his ten year old son, and his sea goddess mother Thetis showed up, smiling at him, carrying Achilles away from the Trojan War. They all left the city of Troy, the Greek islands, and moved to the rural land of Epirus, where Achilles went by the name of Aspetos and the kingdom was created and named Molossians.
"His loyal friend Helenus became the first king of Molossians, after his death, one-fourth god species King Neoptolemus became the new king and married a local female human producing one-sixteenth god species baby Molossus. The human wife of Achilles, Deidamia eventually died, like a mortal does, then half-species god Achilles married half-species goddess Medea and did not move back to Sparta or Athens or any of the Greek islands.
"Through the blood-lines of one-sixteenth god species King Molossus, Olympias was a blood-kin royal princess from King Neoptolemus I. Thus, Queen Olympias of Macedonia possessed 8.33 percent of goddess genes, making for a little goddess and a lot of human girl. However, her son Alexander III had received both god blood from half-species god Achilles on his mommy's side and god blood from half-species god Heracles on his daddy's side. Thus, the body of infant Alexander III was birthed and comprised eleven percent god genes and 88 percent human genes. What do you think now?"
Folsom gasped in shock, "O my stars!"
Axson frowned. "Wait! His mother, the sea goddess mermaid Thetis had foretold the fate of her son Achilles. He can gain glory and die young or live a long time with an eventual life in obscurity."
Perry nodded. "A fifty percent god or goddess possesses fifty percent supernatural powers. He cannot heal his body, without a human medical physician. He cannot fly through the air, without a human airplane. He cannot levitate a number two wooden pen in the air, without his human fingers. He cannot speak in vocal words, without moving his pair of human lips. But, a half-species god has super brains, has a super hungry appetite, has mighty strength, long endurance, and excellent healthy, living on Planet Earth for a very long period of time, until an unnatural death occurs."
Wray nodded with a smile., "Yes, all of that is correct. Achilles is part god and part human. The fate of the human is not ordered by the universe. A human can make the wrong or right decision that leads the human down a different pathway. The fate of a god is ordered by their supernatural powers which can lead a god down the wrong or right pathway. So, the goddess vision was a true statement but the part man and part god made a right decision and quit fighting, creating his fate. Achilles lived a long life in obscurity from the humans and the other gods and goddesses. Only the human world history book details Achilles and his god-like actions and supernatural powers.
"Now, you can understand the body composition of  King Philip II and his son Alexander, III of the Macedonia Kingdom. They bother were more than a man and less than a god with strength, endurance, and smarts to outsmart their opponents. However, they are both human and possessed human traits, such like, greed, vanity, selfishness, angry, revenge, and all the other negative emotions that rule the people, not the heart. You can easily understand their human purpose with a godly endurance in life, because the blood-line of Alexander, the Great came from a half-species god. How ironical too! The blood-line of Olympias came from a half-species god also. I want to remind here. The Greek pantheon of gods and goddesses were teachers, not warriors. We did not either encourage or participate in war games with the race of humans. I was a pre-teen during the Trojan War, but I clearly recalled the nasty behaviors coming from each king or prince or aristocrat that one Greek Island. I honestly didn't record any type of the human nasty behavior as some of the humans always acted like that, but my father did. So, back to my question, why did King Philip desire to leave his country?"
"The goddess made him do it!" Perry laughed with his brothers.
"King Philip wanted riches and power and god status based on his human ego and his god blood-line. King Alexander III wanted the same thing and then found it and then lost it with his human ego and his godless immune system," Axson laughed with his nephews.
Wray nodded. "A new question: why would a king or a queen desire to leave his or her native country and beat up on another country?"
Axson nodded. "Power. Greed. Vanity. Ego. Riches. Revenge. God statue."
Wray nodded with a smile. "That is all correct, Axson! Second point, in Ancient Greece, each Greek warrior used a chemical mixture of tin and copper minerals creating metals in bronze hue for war helmets, body shields, spears, swords, agriculture tools, eating utensils, eating plates, and cooking pots and pans. In the year 1000 B.C., the discovery of iron ore from mining replaced the earth minerals of tin and copper, where all work tools and all the war weapons were harder and the iron ore deposits were found in the same silver mines at Laurion hill mines near Athens.
"The historical mining of silver began in the pre-historical village of Anatolia, within the country of present day Turkey and near the ancient city of Troy, to give you a few historical references. The Anatolia caves had been occupied by cavemen, also, who used their fingers to eat, not a silver tinted fork," she chuckled with her nephews. "The silver ore was scraped by hand and then smelted using natural elements of mercury and sulfur by talented craftsman sending the raw, finely silver powder or the solid silver nuggets throughout the known civilization of Crete and Greece. The ancient country of Thrace possessed large gold and silver veins within the northern mountains. The country of Cyprus possessed copper, gold, and iron deposits. However, the city of Anatolia had served as the primary production of silver ore for the known civilization. In the year 2500 B.C., the process of cupellation using extreme high degrees of heated fire was used to smelt the silver from the lead ore by the Chaldeans, which was very dangerous for any type of human handling."
Folsom nodded with a smile. "You must admit here, Auntie Wray, a new vanity of something always created a new state-of-the art sophisticated tool or weapon or machine to grab that something."
She nodded with a stern face. "Yes, your statement is very true and very ancient, even the cave men created the bone spatula and gave it to his cave wife to use preparing the cave man's supper meal. From 600 B.C. to 1000 A.D. the Laurion hill mines near Athens had become the largest Prime Creator of silver ores production in the world working 20,000 slaves. Each young, mature, elderly man and woman suffered through the burning fires, suffocating heat and smoke that affected their human body parts in order to liquidize the lead or flint or rock minerals from that one precious silver ore. After the silver rush had become exhausted at the Lorain mines in Greece. Silver ores had been replaced with the more valuable golden nuggets. Then, of course, silver boomed back again during the time period from 1000 AD to 1500 AD with the Roman Empire. The clever minds of the Roman engineers utilized water power in the form of aqueducts driving the mining machines and cleaning out the rock mines shafts that increased silver, gold, iron ore production throughout the Roman Empire. Sometimes, the Roman engineers would order the Roman soldiers to dig trenches and divert entire river of water down into the open mine washing out mine spoils or collapsing the shaft while saving both time and slaves. 
"My prime point here, a ounce of silver ore is smelted down and used to create coins for money, a set of eating utensils, numerous pieces of individual jewelry items for both men and women, and was slivers of pretty decoration for each deadly war weapon for an elite gentleman, who never used the weapon for a kill death. Silver and gold nuggets were never used for war armament." 
Axson nodded with a smile. "Today is different, Auntie Wray. Silver particles are used in mobile telephones, computers, electronic appliances. Silver does not harm a human body or cause cancer cells like lead and mercury metals.
She nodded with a stern face. "I understand the matter of silver ore and silver powder and silver products are different today. Back then, in the year 4000 B.C., the silver was harvested at the expense of a human life. My new questions: Who wanted the silver powder from the deep mines that killed human lives? Who used the silver products that came from the smelting and cupellation process of deadly chemicals and extreme heat on a slave?"
Folsom frowned. "I would guess it wasn't the slaves. They don't have money or rights. And I guess the farmers or fishermen wouldn't wear silver jewelry or bothering using silver tinted eating tools for their food. They worked on the go, the first people to really multi-task, so they were called Generation A. So, I guess the only one to afford the silver products were the people that owned the slaves, the lands, and paid the farmers and fishermen, the rich and wealthy class members."
Wray nodded with a stern face. "And I agree with that answer. Third point, the world ancient history textbooks exhibited in the islands of Greece there was infighting with each city-state, since the beginning, when Johnny stole the bone-coated square ball from Donny. The city-state of Athens established and implement the concept of democracy, where each freed man either rich or poor could attend and vote on social and political manners. Today, here, in the United States of America, the American humans practice the same democratic concept. The people do not send a rich person, well, actually they do. But, the people send their representative that votes on their social and economic and psychological and medical issues today.
"However, in the Athenian democratic model, a poor man could not debate a hot or cold topic or run for office. A slave had not citizenship, power, right, money or freedom. But under the Code of Law, a rich man was protected. And if you acquired money, whether legal or illegal, you could move up into a better social class. How are these rules related to the word, democracy?"
Folsom nodded. "Every person is allowed to vote for their favorite candidate. The candidate with the highest votes wins and becomes the new democratic representative that goes to the government headquarters to make policy for the entire group of peoples, whether the person likes it or not."
"Yes, the correct definition also comes from the Greek language. However, in Athens, every person did not vote or talk or attend, only a selected few. I have seeing the same pattern here in modern times, where something or someone wants to stop or prevent an individual from voting for their democratic representation. Why do that think this vile act is happening back then and back here in the present?"
Folsom scratched his face and nodded with a stern face, dropping his hand back into his lap. "Well, back then, only a rich male, not even a rich female could attend the new Athens democratic assembly meeting and debate the social or economic or financial or medical topic. Now, back here, in present day, some of the more snobby, arrogant, wealthier individuals enjoy spitting their own tongue salvia with their own personal opinions against other humans and other programs there on the modern day electronic devise, such like, a television screen, a computer laptop screen, a mobile telephone screen that can view the entire world within seconds of time, where that smartass, wealthier individual can influence other persons, places, and pets, whether the personal opinion is right or wrong."
Wray nodded with a stern face. "However, when one aristocratic rich individual forms an opinion or creates an action that only rests with a few individuals, you have an oligarchy. The word, oligarchy, is a Greek word that means, 'the few to rule.' An oligarchy is a format power structure that is used and abused in national government, free speech, technological products, medical advancements, and physical protects, thievery, and violence. Who do you think formulized that clever power structure that has effected free speech, technology, medicine, and violence which directly benefits the rich man and enslaves the poor man?"
Folsom sneered. "The rich, wealthier individuals, who do not need to work for dollars and coin to pay the house payment, the car payment, the food bill, the electric bill and other necessities." 
She nodded. "That is correct, Folsom. I do believe that we have theorized a pattern here that had been developed and existed back then in Ancient World history and back here in modern world happenings. Whether with a set of advanced tools, harmful weapons, and geographical locations, when lack of shelter, food, books, medicines prevailed resulting in social, financial, medical, psychological, economic, and civil issues, an oligarch with a few aristocracy rich elites has entrenched their dominate leadership over the poor people which still maintains internal battle fights with words and actions that rips democracy from the pages of World History. What does the few aristocracy rich elites want? I do believe they have everything that they need in terms of food, shelter, heat, land automobiles, sky airplanes, sea boats, fun electronic devises, clothes, shoes, money."
Folsom nodded. "There is nothing left for the rich elite individual to acquire or accumulate, but power. The definition of power is to right to act, control, direct, influence something or someone in a particular manner through a course of events. So, the oligarchy of few aristocracy rich elites greatly desire control of all the riches and all the landmasses and all of the peoples. While the poor human man and woman and baby and child and teenager and senior continues to attend school, go to work, go to war, get sick, and then eventually dies by their sweaty brow and their empty hand. Pathetic! The entire race of humans is a sad, weak, helpless species. Well, I do not feel sorry for them, because I wanna rule over the entire race of humans like an aristocracy rich elite. Where do I sign up for lessons and training?" He laughed with his brothers.
Wray softly chuckled and nodded with a wicked grin. "Well, that is why we are still sitting inside this stuffy overcrowded movie theater room."
Folsom nodded with a grin. "And once the clan of infamous and famous ancient gods and goddesses take back our home world, like in the beginning of time, using our supernatural powers, the entire race of humans will become like the Ancient Greek people and live as the one-people with the same laws, the same religion, the same culture, the same language, the same coin, the same jobs, the same foods, the same shelters, the same education, no differences or variances or individuality or creativity or imagination. You can work your hands with your mind, if you are working your body for food, water, and shelter. I will not allow fighting, fibbing, and flirting over people, properties, and pets, only peace, joy, harmony, glee and happiness among all of the true earthlings here on Planet Earth. Finally, the world of humans will become happier and the planet Gaia will become happiest. The end!" He laughed with his brothers.
Wray nodded with a smile. "Well, I have moved off the main subject of Ancient Greece. And the lasting subject is the magnificent art and sculpture work plus the building architecture design comes directly from the Ancient Greece masons and artists that have been copied and honored throughout numerous present day cities, buildings, and art pieces. Even after Augustus conquered the country of Egypt country and captured the native people, Ancient Greece arts, sculpture, architecture, language, politics, literature, philosophy, science, mathematics, astronomy, and medicine from the country of Italy into eastern parts of Central Asia, Indian cultures going as far the country of Japan, moving through Renaissance in the west Europe into the 18th and 19th centuries that had dominated the western world. Atlas, chaos, erotic, hypnotic, muse, nectar, and cloth, these are some of the Greek words that the race of humans still utilizes through modern times."
Axson frowned down at his brother. "All of that is nice and something, but we're still waiting for the late comers, before reviewing our upcoming mission. Why can't gods or goddesses be on time?"
Wray stared at the projector screen and exhaled with annoyance, gritting her teeth. "I have kindly re-updated you about the world history Ancient Greece and the role of the greedy, vain, aristocratic wealth elites. Within the culture, the traditions, the geographical location of Ancient Greece, this old knowledge became known to the group of nice and naughty gods and goddesses much too late and too slowly that I must share with the youth of our clan, which is part of our primary purpose here. Each city-state had been governed by a city official magistrate or a royal king, such like, Darius I, Cambyses II, Psamtik III, Xerxes, Pesisistratos, Hippias, Hipparchos, and the other famous unkindly, kingly names, which you can find on the internet articles. Well, I miss tell you that these humans that were the king or ruler were truly a half-species god."
Folsom gasped. "What!"
Axson frowned. "How is that even possible, Auntie Wray?"
"Auntie Wray just explained that King Philip II and his son King Alexander, III of the Macedonia Kingdom were a set of part human and part gods coming from the genes of Heracles. Queen Olympias from the same family and the same kingdom is part human and part goddess coming from the god genes of Achilles. Yeah, I did not know. But, yes, I do understand."  Perry turned and smiled at his two brothers.
Wray softly giggled with a smile. "A goddess can mate with a human male and create a half-species baby. A god can mate with a human woman and produce nothing. Nada. Zero. Zip. So, a god will selected a human female and then rob one of her girly eggs. Then, the female egg mates with the god's sperm creating a half-species baby. Each half-species god or goddess is birthed as tiny babe in waddled cloth like a human baby, suckling warm milk from their goddess mother or their human mother, eating, sleeping, pooping. Each one grows up with the human. However, each one is prettier, faster, swifter, smarter, ambitious, determined, stronger, healthier.  How is that possible? Surrogate is not a new term or new a baby method creation to the group of ancient gods and goddesses. A god can have a good time with a human woman, but he cannot impregnate her. So, the god sends down a minor goddess. She robs the human female of her egg and then transfers the human egg into her goddess body and then his god sperm mates with the human egg producing a newly created half-species fetus that grows into a half-species baby. The human female does nothing but exists in a god spell that she is pregnant. After the minor goddess births the half-species baby, the god visits the human mother down on the earthly plane and delivers the half-species god or goddess baby to her and then stays out of her life. She is happy without knowledge of what really happened."
"O yeah!" Axson nodded with a smile. "I saw that in some of the Hollywood movie films, when the baby does not have a biological father present and the mother can't recall doing the nasty thing with the biological father and then she is preg-nancy for some unexplained reason. Now, I understand. The gods stated and started it all," he laughed with his brother.
Wray frowned. "I must express a stern warning here. The ancient world cultures and their ancient leaders and their ancient family units were very strict about the marriage vows, the virgins, and the wedding brides. When a virgin maiden was seen with a newborn baby, without explanation, some of the leaders became scared and killed both the virgin, the half-species babe, and her family members. Other times, the leaders didn't care, but the girl's parents went nuts and killed the virgin and the half-species baby, in fear and superstition. Most of the time, Hera or Zeus got wind of the new baby and then they killed the baby, not the human girl. A god or a goddess is not allowed to harm a human, if so, that is instantaneously death sentence. Do I need to explain that last statement, boys?"
 Axson frowned. "No, ma'am!"
"Please don't!" Perry laughed.
"Moving on!" Folsom stood up from the lounge chair on his two healthy feet, waving both of his arms in the air while shouting out loud to his older brother. “What are we doing for fun, today, Cox?” He did not sit down but spun around with a smile to face the rear wall.
The rear wall displayed two separate tiered rows that rose and almost touched the cathedral ceiling tiles inside the tall semi-dark auditorium room. In the middle of the rear wall, a bright orange tinted metal pair of double doors stood closed and locked, without a guard, for the upcoming private business meeting.
Each row exhibited an individual red tinted lounge chair that faced the gigantic projector screen for a upcoming Hollywood fake movie film for entertainment.
However, the human manager and his human movie theater staff members were not present to work the projector equipment for any type of human entertainment movie film as each human now was dead and buried underneath the broken tiles, resting down the brown dirt as the black tinted earth maggots and brown tinted earth beetles slowly ate away the rotting corpse on the blue-tinted human body before the flesh and bones turned into a pile of white tinted ashes. 
Inside the massive theater setting, the full audience was comprised only of gods and goddesses coming from all the world. Each female goddess was dressed in a lovely colorful gala gown wearing an assortment of real jewelry, exhibiting a head of straight black tinted hair strands in various hairstyles, a pair of dark brown eyeballs, and a tone of dark cocoa colored skin. Each goddess female measured in height between five feet and ten inches tall to six feet and three inches.
Each male god displayed a fancy tuxedo suit and a pair of matching trousers in a dull or bright color with a silly colorful bowtie, wearing a pair of colored flip-flops or the proper set of colorful dress shoes. And each male appeared with the same facial and skin features, like the female goddess, exhibiting a head of straight black tinted sharply cropped hair strands or shoulder length hair barely touching each collar bone, a pair of dark brown eyeballs, and a tone of dark cocoa colored skin. Each god male measured in height between six feet even to seven feet and two inches.
Folsom spun around and sat back down, watching his brother Cox in silence and frowned with his mental thoughts. "The audience is full and filled with mature gods and goddesses, who look like an eighteen year old human teenager. Why do we project an old wrinkled man or young teenager face over our true godly features? Where are the children of the gods and goddesses also? What happened to the children of the gods and goddesses?"
Next to Folsom, his brother Axson stared at the dark colored projector screen and wore a yellow tinted tuxedo with a black and blue duckling pattern bowtie wearing a pair of red tinted flop-flips. “Do you have a god or a goddess child, Folsom? Is your goddess wife pregnant with your first god or goddess fetus?"
Folsom frowned. "No. We tried and tried and we can't get pregnant with a developing fetus. Why can't my goddess wife get pregnant? What is the problem? I don't understand." 
Wary stared at the projector screen and addressed the question. "That's a long story, Folsom. But, I will try to summary, like a visual digital recording on the world internet," she turned and winked to her nephews. "We, in here, are all that is left from the pride and mighty ancient race of gods and goddess, throughout the world, who had miraculously survived and then thrived, after the original Civil War with the nasty race of aliens."
"Some of the surviving and injured gods and goddesses were not happy about their next lot in life here on Planet Earth, right after the Civil War with the aliens," Axson laughed. "Then, some of the rebel goddess female and god males had decided to marry, mate, and mark their newborn infant with their goddess or god blood."
Wray sneered with hate for the rebel traitors from her god and goddess race. "Do not worry about ancient fact! That silly love action was tried, true and treated," she laughed with her nephews. "A goddess or god can mate with a nasty, smelly human female or male and then produce a vile half-human and half-god newborn baby, which is labeled as a half-species. However, we all had tracked and then trialed each rebel god and goddess, finding each one guilty with a death ritual. The end!"
Axson smiled. "Who do you think caused the Great Fire, in 64 A.D., in the city of Rome, within present day country of Italy?"
"Nero!" Folsom turned and smiled at the nose profile on his brother Axson.
He frowned at his brother Folsom. "Wrong, god idiot! The answer is one of our newest, oldest, 
 god and goddess leader, our blood-kin aunt, Wray Actworth. Who do you think caused the Great Fire, in the year 1666, in the city of London, within the country of England?"
Folsom leaned over and smiled with a nod to his relative. "Auntie Wray!"
Axson nodded. "Who do you think caused the Great Fire, in the year 1212, in the city of London, within the country of England?"
Folsom smiled. "Auntie Wray!"
"Who do you think caused the Great Fire, in the year 1910, in the US States of Idaho, Montana, Washington?"
Folsom smiled. "Auntie Wray!"
"Who do you think caused the Great Fire, in the year 1866, in the city of Portland, within the US State of Oregon?"
Folsom smiled. "Auntie Wray!"
"Who do you think caused the Great Fire, in the year 1438, in the city of Gouda, within the country of the Netherlands?"
Folsom smiled. "Auntie Wray!"
"Who do you think caused the Great Fire, in the year 1919, in the country of the Canada?"
Folsom smiled. "Auntie Wray!"
"Who do you think caused the Great Fire, in the year 1939, in the country of the Australia; the two Great Fire, in the year 1989, and then in the year 2014, within the country of Canada? Who do you think caused the Great Fire, in the year 2003, in the country of Russia?"
Folsom smiled. "Auntie Wray!"
"The nation with the most recorded number of Great Fires is the country of Portugal, with 13,261 forest fire burns that cover 161,000 acres including peoples, pets, and property." Axson laughed with his relatives. "Who do you think caused the Great Fire, in the year 1871, in the city of Peshtigo, within the US State of Wisconsin?"
Folsom smiled. "Auntie Wray!"
"Who do you think caused the Great Fire, in the same year of 1871, in the city of Chicago, within the US State of Illinois?"
Folsom frowned. "How can you exist in two places at once, Auntie Wray?"
Axson exhaled with annoyance. "I am a god. She is a goddess. But I do question what you are, Folsom?"
Wray frowned at her nephew. "Did you not read all of your ancient world history facts, Folsom?"
Folsom tossed both of his arms in the air and slapped them back down over his legs, rolling his eyeballs and then returned back to stare at his aunt. "O my stars! I'm really busier than a bumblebee running the local Apollo human bank as the president, the secretary, and the banker, too. The nasty humans want only money, more money, and extreme wads of cash money or loaned money or borrowed money or credited monies. I am sick to death with the race of humans. I must cater to each nasty sub-creature, all hours of the day and night, especially the wealthier sub-creature humans."
Wray nodded with a smile to her two nephews. "That time is naught now! We will rule the world, on September 24th, Tuesday morning, at eight o'clock, by attacking and then capturing the most powerful and the greatest landmark in the world, the White House, in the city of Washington D.C., here within the great United States of America. Once the human power head has been defeated and then enslaved, the race of humans will know and then learn about their new set of wiser, smarter, prettier, and most ruthless masters and mistress of the world that reside here on the planet, who will dictate each one of their puny life forms for the rest of time, until the finally death act, of course. But the race of humans is always reincarnated by the Prime Creator and then each dead human gets to come back to live and opine for love and then repent for all of their human sins and crimes and nasty deeds over and over again, until the destruction of Planet Earth."
He gasped in shock and slapped his chest. "Hey! I live and thrive and rule here on Planet Earth, also. When is the Prime Creator going to destroy the planet? That prediction has been guessed wrong for centuries by humans, some aliens and all of the goddesses and gods." Folsom laughed with the others.
Wray winked at Folsom. "I have it on good measure that the destruction button will not be punched, until the future human year in 33,333 A.D."
"That's a long, long, long time from today, which is great news, too! Our brilliant plan, attack, and takeover will last for centuries and centuries and centuries and centuries." Axson nodded with a smile.
Folsom frowned with deep thoughts. "I understand the cause for each one of the planned Great Fires that had occurred all over the world that truly killed all of the rebel golden-blooded gods and goddesses and all of their pure human mates and their half-species babies and children and teenagers plus tons of innocent peoples, places, pets, and properties. But, that did not address my true question: why can't my sweet and pretty goddess wife have a healthy god or goddess baby?" 
Wray nodded. "Yes, our death squads of dedicated gods and goddesses had taken hours, days, weeks, years, decades, centuries, and over thousands of years to search, seek, and then stabbed each mommy god or daddy god and half-species god or goddess to a death plume of colorful ashes." She turned and performed a mouth spit from her rolled tongue down onto the floor, accidentally hitting the naked toes on Axson. He cringed and wiped his wet toes on the rear of his trousers. She sneered at her grandsons. "Cleopatra was the half-species creature with the veins of flowing golden tinted goddess blood coming from her mother Greek goddess Isis, who had mated with that drunken Pharaoh Ptolemy for some hot sexy fun, one heated night. Thus, a half-species baby had been birthed two months later. Queen Cleopatra had been told of her goddess birth by her true goddess mother for decades, in secret, of course. I did not know. My mother did not know. My father did not know. Believe me! If one of us had learned the truth about half-species Cleopatra, world history would have changed significantly, back then and present day." She laughed with the grandsons. "After that half-species goddess princess Cleopatra murdered her human brother and then declared her half-species goddess pharaoh of Ancient Egypt, she started entertained other guests inside her throne room, within Alexandria City, and eventually met the others, a race of outer space aliens. She had been taught as a diplomat and enjoyed chatting and eating with the scumbags. The others learned of her and she learned of them through Marcus Anthony. He was a half-species of half alien and half-human."
Axson gasped in shock. "What! What! What is that fib?"
Perry shook his bone skull and laughed out loud. "I did not know. And I can't wait to hear this ancient world history fact or fiction."
Folsom frowned. "Wait! What! Marcus Anthony was a Roman general from the country of Roman. Did he come from a Greek god? No! The Roman worshipped the Roman gods and goddesses."
She shook her curls. "Actually, Marc Anthony was a half-species with half-alien blood and half-human blood, who was a similar person to Cleopatra, more than any regular human or true god."
"How did that happen?" He frowned.
She exhaled with annoyance and nodded her curls. "From the beginning of time, before the planet had been occupied by humans, the gods and goddesses lived here first and enjoyed the freedoms, privileges, and resources. Once the race of humans, his precious children, came here to the earthly plane from the heavenly plane, the ancient gods and goddesses did not want to share their toys or play in the sandbox as the ancient Egyptian axiom goes. We were the older and wiser human species, when we were compared to the infants of mankind and womankind. So, the Prime Creator became miffed out with the gods and goddesses and opened up the invisible star gate that protected Earth and allowed every slime ball from the Milky Way Galaxy to come and visit Planet Earth for a short time of fun and vacation. The Prime Creator thought all of the outer space visitors would teach his first creations a valuable life lesson. Instead, the race of humans took a liking to the race of aliens and started dating and mating and producing half-species babies.
"The gods and goddesses had picked the warm islands and the salty sea water locate as our home base first. The Prime Creator was not happy with the arrogance and beauty and selfishness and talented group of mature gods and goddesses. So, the Prime Creator experimented with different species including the gigantic dinosaurs, the smart apes, the ugly and dumber cave men and women and then settled on the last mold, human format.
"When the new human format came down to Planet Earth, Adam and Eve lived in the Garden of Eden, a very special warm and secure place for the second human species, during the warm-up period with the first human species, the gods and goddesses. Well, the first meeting did not go well between the two different species, and then the second, the third, the fourth, and the final meetings went worse. Mind you, these meetings were set apart by decades that led into centuries as the ancient gods and goddesses had their fun by the Nile River in the hot sun and did not want to cede their home base to anyone, including a batch of silly babies. In reality, centuries had passed, the lovely Garden of Eve was a slum yard, overcrowded with all of the blood-kin from Eve and Adam, who were great to the thirteen degree grandparents. All the humans had trashed the pretty flowers gardens, shitted in each manicured lawns, and eaten all of the fruits, vegetables, and animal meats. The Prime Creator had no other place for his precious children as the race of humans were a playpen of helpless overweigh babies. Not one teen or mature human could not milk a cow or plow a field or pick up trash or wash their butthole without the aid of the angels. So, the Prime Creator kept asking for us to share with the trashy, rude humans and we kept saying no, sir and lived our lives in peace and harmony." 
She flipped her hand in the air and then slapped the same hand down into her lap, exhaling with annoyance. "Then, one day, one of the gods decided to have some fun and teleported into the Garden of Eve. Why, in the universe, the Prime Creator did not post a set of angel guards around the Garden of Eve is beyond my neurons?"
Folsom frowned. "But, it was the devil in disguise as a serpent that pointed at the dangling red tinted apple fruit on the tree limb to Eve."
She softly chuckled. "In truth, your teenage god cousin did it. Your teenage god cousin, who will never been spoken by name, was having some sweet innocent fun and entered the Garden of Eve as a slithering snake, which was his god projection talent. As the story is told to the race of gods and goddesses, before his terrible tormenting death by his biological parents, he had teleported onto the desert ground from hometown and then slithered around inside the garden smelling the sweet flora, seeing the tiny fish, the massive waterfalls, feeling the cooler air temperatures, and viewing the line of fruit trees. Who in the universe would know that the food supply chain of rows of fruit trees, bushy vegetative plants, and food crop fields were forbidden to touch, stomp, or eat? I did not know that. Your teenage god cousin did not know. The great-great-great-granddaughter of Eve did not know either. Well, you know the famous story that the Prime Creator spreads to his precious children, who completely ignores the valuable life lessons. Eve's blood relative touched the apple on a double-dog dare from your god cousin, who still presented the shape of the snake. The human girl touched and then snatched off the apple, eating a bit, enjoying the juicy sweet taste. An old human female found the child and the snake. Then she tattled-tailed the snake to the head heavenly angel.
"The reporting heavenly angel told the Prime Creator. The Prime Creator was not angry at teenage male god but furious at the mature gods and goddesses as that group of ancient elite rulers didn't want to play or live or work with the race of humans. So, the Prime Creator sent down his army of heavenly angels. You should have been there. The entire skyline become darkness above the city limits of Atlantis which was filled with blackness. A heavenly warrior angel possess a pair of black tinted wings that are outlined in the hue of silver with rank and a set of black tinted clothes with a pale tinted face.
"The army of angels descended down through the air waves, without touching the soil desert using an individual pike axe or a battle long sword, smashing all the stone buildings, all the stone statues, all the solar equipment pieces, all the leather furniture, all the flying automobiles, all the luxury items, all the food stores into massive of plumes of black smoke and piles of vanilla colored rubble for our arrogance, pride, selfishness, stubbornness, and hatred for the race of humans. I was a small child and stayed inside the house watching from the glass window, of course, until the house can tumbling down, of course. I ran for my life with my mother into the calm river standing there in the fresh water with the fish tickling my naked toes and watched the destruction of my home town of Atlantis."
Folsom gasped in shock. "Wait! The city of Atlantis had been a gigantic land in the middle of the cold Atlantic Ocean. The Nile River resides in the present day country of Egypt on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean."
She winked at Folsom. "That's a human fairy tale. The real tale, the gods and goddesses were here first. We had been birthed with super powers to cut down the trees, milk the cows, plow the fields, and mine any the earth minerals. We found the resources abundant and created new objects, starting slow at first with dishes and utensils for the food meal, wooden frames for bed mattress, and clothes for our naked bodies. However, most of the younger gods and goddesses enjoyed the nakedness in the bright sunshine. We had developed all tools to survive and live on Planet Earth. As the gods and goddesses grew older and wiser, they used their powers to mold and make metal furniture, jewelry, solar flying vehicles, and solar indoor bathroom plumbing, and solar air conditioning systems. Our modern city was grand and sleek with scattered metal buildings that rose above the river. We could not magically produce food stuffs or clothes or furniture items or equipment pieces. Some god and goddess had to sew the clothes, cook the raw food, and mold the minerals into the product that was needed for any family unit. The gods and goddesses all in peace and harmony and joy and togetherness. There were no fights or violence from a single god or goddess. The family unit cared for the newborn infant to the eldest members of the shared clan. Actually, the Prime Creator wanted the gods and goddesses to teach the harmonious home concept to the race of nasty humans. However, the Prime Creator provided each human with free thoughts and Free Will with the promised curse that the human would be severely punished, if the human was a bad and naughty living soul down here on Planet Earth, which did not work back then or present now. However, I regress. Back to business!"
Folsom smiled. "Gage!"
"Sawyer!" Axson grinned.



The Quartet consists of Austin, Stu, Frank, and Tom. Four men with equal talents, but varied skills live, work, and play in hot sizzling Miami, Florida, USA.
Franklin Ferdinand Mangrove, III is a life time brother, a permanent business partner, and the peaceful neighbor of Austin.
Stuart Thant Gage, III is a life time brother, a permanent business partner, and the protective neighbor of Austin.
Thomas Edison Sawyer, III is a life time brother, a permanent business partner, and the troublesome neighbor of Austin.
Austin Bartholomew Berrington, IV is the first born non-biological brother, the head of the business, and the boss of the Quartet.
The four men call themselves, the Band of Brothers, but they are not a set of four biological siblings. They are four blood brothers like their individual biological great-grandfather, who formed the first blood pact with each other, in the year 1838, within the wild forests of northern Florida.

Presently, the fourth generation of the Quartet, the four billionaire brothers own and operate one fourth of an international security company.
The business venture is named Quartet Associates, but the owners are sometimes dubbed by their dying enemies and their sneering foes as Quartet Assholes.
In the first crime action deadly novel, the Quartet, Austin, Tom, Frank, and Stu are using their brains, their balls, and their billions to find the mysterious killer of Austin’s godson at the local Charity Hospital.



Back inside the smelly movie house, god male Perry exhaled with annoyance. "Every person always gets it wrong. Boss-man Austin Berrington, the third uses that phrase, only on occasion, like his Ghost."
Wray frowned.  "What! What!
"Never mind to thee, Auntie Wray!" Perry flipped his hand in the air and winked to his two brothers with their secret fictional character.
She nodded with a sour frown of confusion. "All right! I will never forget that day or that date of September, the second, in the year 31 B.C. on top of the choppy Ionian Sea, near the city of Actium, in the country of Greece. I appeared as a human but was a goddess warrior for the first time in my long immortal life. At the first Civil War between the Gods and Aliens."
Folsom frowned. "In the world history textbook, the place and event is called the Battle of Actium, where Queen Cleopatra..."
She shook her curls. "We all have read all of the human world history textbooks. This is the true account of our race of gods and goddesses. Half-species Cleopatra led all of the gods and goddesses. Back a god and a goddess did not marry any of the smelly humans, only another god or goddess while keeping the blood line pure and innocent and rich.
"Her half-species alien lover Marc had left his true alien wife all pizzed off while he pursued the half-species from the Greek goddess Isis, Cleopatra. Cleopatra knew too much information about too many things, believing her half-human person a true Greek goddess, not a half-species human queen, and she also greatly desired to rule the race of humans and the entire human world. The stupid human race do not know how close all of that came to becoming reality for the precious children from the Prime Creator. The Prime Creator created every species and really wants us to play and live together, which will never happen in my lifetime. When half-species goddess Cleopatra met with the elite class from all the gods and goddesses throughout the world..." she nodded. "I wanna stop here and clarify the information. Gods and goddesses had left their original Greek islands and moved to Alexandria. Some of other gods and goddesses moved further away and lived in other places on the planet, such like, modern day countries of Japan, India, Mexico, Africa, South America, Ireland, Sweden, and other countries and nations.
"So, when half-species goddess Cleopatra called out and invited each elite ruler, they came from all over the world to hear her words. Cleopatra cleverly described her attack plan on the race of aliens where the aliens would become killed and then all of the surviving humans would immediately become enslaved. And the gods and goddesses with Cleopatra as their leader would rule the world. Yeah, too simple! Yeah, same old shit! Yeah, of course, my greedy selfish father was an elite on the ruling council and desired the same goal: rule the freaking world and enslave the humans.
"O! I forget to mention that half-species goddess Cleopatra changed the name of Alexandria to Atlantis, when became the queen of Egypt. No one was happy about that but she was the queen, who ruled over her subjects and her lands. The gods and goddesses were only teachers, not protestors."
Axson frowned. "But the world history books..."
"Everything starts with a myth, dear boy," Wray laughed. "Then half-species goddess Queen Cleopatra ordered all of the half-species from all over the current worldly cities to come to Alexandria and fight against the alien force. Well, actually, she did not order them to fight in the First Civil War. She sent out a lovely gold dusted invitation for a morning brunch meal on one of her numerous queenly warships and then they came. The true gods and goddesses easily corralled and then captured their body, storing the massive group of half-species down inside the gallery, starting the oarsmen, arriving at the sea battlefield. Once everyone came up on the wet deck, each part human learned that the truth, a half-species god or goddess. Surprise! Then, the group of true gods and goddesses explained that a half-species possessed strength, endurance, speed, smarts, and guts. Each one cheered and clapped and burped and stomped a pair of naked feet for the upcoming victory battle and then an upcoming victory party later in the evening. O gods!
"On the flip side of the coin, in the country of Italy, in the city of Rome, that little mouse Octavian was a half-species boy from an alien father and an human mother. He and Marc grew up in the same circle of true blooded outer space aliens and their outer space half-species breed of alien and human. The race of aliens did not mind loving and caring for their half-species children, teens, adults, and elderly and then greatly encouraged the socializing and then the mating and finally the wedding marriage into the race of humans, living only in the city of Rome."
Folsom frowned. "What about Roman general Julius Caesar?"
"Boy, each present-day president, prime minister, king, queen, princess, prince, royal, head of state, and ruthless ruler throughout the world is a half-species alien. Don't you hear my ancient world history fact!" He nodded with a stern face. She nodded. "Julius Caesar had been a true alien species and loved to slaughter all the humans. He is most famous alien hunter from the city of Rome and killed numerous gods, goddesses, and annoying humans that stood in his way of ruling the world also, until he meet his equal in Cleopatra. Of course, a emperor needs an empress to rule the world and enslave the humans, watching each stupid human bow down in gratitude and hunger. His half-species alien Octavian planned and executed his blood-relative, in private and in secret, of course. Even his half-species alien friend Marc Anthony didn't know who really murdered alien hunter Julius Caesar and questioned that death into his personal grave.
"On September, the second, in the year 31 B.C., the civil war began. The god-kind and goddess-kind on one side of the new battle stood upright with a bronze long sword on a polished wooden deck one of the one hundred old-fashioned wooden ships, all compliments of arrogant half-species goddess Cleopatra. She stood only with her half-species alien lover Marc Anthony on the landmass, in the city of Actium, inside an underground bunker, which was made of concrete and steel beams, which will never been found by a curious human. The aliens on the other side of the new battle stood upright with a laser rifle on top of shiny metal decks of one thousand metal warships that gleamed in hues of red, black, blue and green tint, compliments of that clever half-species alien Octavian."
Folsom gasped in alarm along with his brothers. "What!"
"The ancient fact is all true and all secretive within the ancient gods and goddesses clan, boy. For the true ancient world historical record, the gods and goddess warriors totaled 12,000 plus all of their god and goddess teenagers that could fight with their supernatural powers, which was a grand total of 18,000 warriors. The smaller god and goddess children were been left at home in Alexandria, Egypt with their human mothers and human fathers and without their goddess mothers. The alien warriors totaled 300 plus all of their half-species alien teens, young, mature, and fighting elderly, which totaled 72,000 soldiers."
"You were outmanned four to one, Auntie Wray! Now, I understand how we lost the first Civil War, but we will win the final one," Folsom laughed with his brothers.
She smiled. "Ah! We were outmanned with by the other male and female warriors. But, you must remember this. An alien is an invasive species down here on Planet Earth coming from the stars, who had been invited by the Prime Creator to visit the planet, for a short time, only. Some of the aliens did that and then left Planet Earth. The other nasty aliens allowed their green cards to expire and then stayed, living here, eating up the resources. Some of the aliens had crash-landed in their outer space starship and could not leave. They had become enslaved by the ruling class of the wickedly, evil, vile, and vicious Anunnaki aliens, who dared to call themselves a living god or goddess. I am back tracking without purpose. Now, any alien living  here or visiting here on Planet Earth is subject to a slow drain on their alien body frame. An alien will grow old and look old and act old and fight old, too. So, half-species alien Octavian was only nineteen years old and held a fleet of shiny metal ships, but an army of old men, old women, and a few young adults and teenagers. A god and a goddess does not age and stays healthy and fit with their god and goddess powers, throughout their life time, unless another god or goddess murders them with their god or goddess power, which is forbidden and punished by instant death for the godliness attacker, until it is justified by the head god or goddess parent to the elite council. Thus, the gods and goddesses had the upper hand advantage."
Folsom frowned. "But, we still lost the first Civil War between the Gods and the Aliens. The world history details that ancient fact also that the Roman sea navy won the Battle of Actium."
She nodded with a stern face. "I was there with my mother and my father on top of the wooden ship deck holding a bronze sword with a bronze breastplate over my naked chest and two bronze tinted over my naked kneecaps on my semi-naked body with a pair of bare feet. I was not expected to fight in the Civil War. Thus, the civil war went swiftly and bloody which took three minutes and sixteen seconds of time, ending the first Civil War between the gods and aliens. Not one single alien warrior on top of a metal warship discharged one single laser ray at the fleet of gods and goddesses," she smiled and chuckled with her deep, dark secret.
"What!" Folsom gasped in alarm.
"How in the world?" Axson gasped in shock
"I should have known but I didn't." Perry laughed.
She nodded. "Down from the clear blue sky, it rained thousands of visiting alien outer space starships, which had arrived to Planet Earth, when some knucklehead lead alien pilot had mistaken the scattered fleet of metal-coated warships as a homing beacon for the true desert landing strip, outside the alien city of Rome. A bombardment of rusty spots and scarred metal dull-looking underbellies coming down from each descending outer space starship swiftly landed upon each metal and wooden deck on every warship within the rough sea waters. The entire touchdown was messy and confusing. The heated belly and powerful alien engines melted all of the metal warships and burned all of the wooden warships that disappeared in a blink of an eyelash. The more wiser and more powerful gods and goddesses immediately fly off each burning wooden decks in terror, horror, and panic while leaving their own younger inexperienced sons and daughters to burn and die, including the big names consisting of Zeus, his wife Hera, Poseidon, Ares, Hermes, Hephaestus, Aphrodite, Athena, Apollo, Artemis, Demeter, Hebe, Hades, Helios, Hestia, Persephone, Heracles, Cronus, and Rhea, who are located here inside this smelly, ratty ancient human movie theater.
"Alas! My parents had perished. Semi-naked Greek god of wine and grapes and wine-making Dionysus was about to leave the burning Egyptian warship, when he saw me running ahead and away from the burning bodies of numerous younger dead gods and goddesses. He stood still and opened both of his arms and then captured me, taking us off the burning deck of our warship with his god powers. I was still a pre-teen discovering my girly goddess talents. I could not flew up from the ship deck and through the clouds traveling miles back to the city of Atlantis, like a mature god, like Dionysus.
"However, he did not fly back to the city of Atlantis but towards the tiny village of Actium. Actium was not a town, but a temple site with two overweigh and friendly Greek priests, who would bless the Greek human fishermen and farmer families around the two of the sparely populated towns. On the hilltop, a white tinted circular temple stood with six gigantic matching fluted columns that displayed a large standing statue of marble-coated Apollo. God Apollo had fled with the rest of the more talented gods and goddess, flying back to the city of Atlantis.
"We landed inside the temple floor and did not see the two human bodies. I suspect they had been killed to conceal the secret underground bunker. Who in the universe could built an underground bunker but a talented goddess or god? We walked around the floor and then separated. Dionysus found the pattern of seamed stones which was a clever disguise that hid the underground bunker and meshed the stones with his fist using his god strength. He was very angry and mad at Cleopatra. The civil war had been a failure. Numerous gods and goddesses were dead and would never come back to life. They lived permanently in the afterlife.
"On the floor of the temple, the thick broken stones revealed a set of dark stones that had been stained by water and plants. He went down and told me to stay on the temple floor. He left me behind.
"I stayed on the temple floor in silence and sadness while overhearing the tense angry words coming from his mouth to half-species Cleopatra and then half-species alien Marc Anthony. I was so frightened and sad and worried and depressed and filled with sorrow and hate for the deaths of my parents. My siblings were too young to fight and were staying at home. I wanted to go back home and hug my sisters. They were the only blood-relatives I had.
"Then, the temple floor shook from an earthquake. Cleopatra and Dionysus were fighting with their magic. Dionysus was a minor god. Cleopatra was only a half-goddess but carried the blood from mighty goddess Isis. So, the two supernatural individuals were evenly matched for the metaphysical fight. I was worried about Dionysus, since I could not fly through the clouds alone and would have no air or land transportation back home to my hometown of Atlantis, unless I cast a spell on one of the humans.
"So, from the temple floor, I slowly creep down each wet discolored step and then screamed in alarm. The stair step contained a sleeping asp, a poisonous snake."
Folsom gasped in alarm. "You did not!"
She nodded with smile. "I did so! I kicked the snake with my foot from the wet step and sent the mammal flying through the air waves, right into the chest on Cleopatra. She was facing me and flinging her weak magic at Dionysus. He was trying to tie her with his god magic and take her back to the Atlantis, where she would be roasted alive at the stack by the angry gods and goddesses.
"Her lover husband, half-species alien Marc Anthony was a useless protector for the half-goddess. He stood in the far wall corner away from her and Dionysus and swished his bronze sword in the air and then slapped his wall like an alien idiot trying to capture the god's attention for a physical fight between two males.
"The flying asp reptile landed directly on her chest with the breastplate and wrapped its slender wet body around her row of jewelry clinging there securely to her throat. Then the snake hissed its deadly warning and quickly leaned down, sinking its two fangs down in-between her rows of jewelry, tapping the flesh breast tissue, that not covered in gems or battle gear, only once. Then the snake released its slimy body and dropped down onto the wet floor, swiftly slithering into its entrance hold on the side wall away from me, Dionysus and Marc Anthony. Well, Marc went crazy and insane, rushing to a dying Cleopatra. Nothing saves you from an asp! He sobbed and then cried his tears shouting out her name, kissing her lips.
"I was stunned in silence and stood on the stair step. I was not sorry about the snake bit, but I did not mean to kill the half-species goddess Queen Cleopatra and rob the angry mod of gods and goddesses of their tormenting fun time with the half-species. Standing there and watching, Cleopatra breathed her last sour breath and expired on Planet Earth and shifted her living soul into the afterlife. Marc was insanely crazy and then finally realized she was dead, slowly standing up from the wet floor, sobbing with his tears of love, shouting out her name several times and stabbed the sharp tip of his bronze sword into his chest, missing his heart organ. Man, his death took ten minutes while hearing his whines, his wheezes, his words. Finally, finally, he finally breathed out his last foul breath and then finally died, sending his living soul into the afterlife, also.  Well, I was more scared and frightened. I had accidentally killed Cleopatra.
"Supernatural Greek god Dionysus quickly gathered the two blue-tinted half-human bodies and tied them to his fit waistline dangling down on a pair of strong ropes, that were located down there inside the bunker. The bunker was a square-shaped room with wet dirty concrete wall and a large embedded glass window two high that went around the entire room space. One wall held the stairs. A long wall held tables with food and beverages. The other long wall held a low bed nicely decorated bed mattress with messy satin bed linen in purple hue. Yup! They did it during the civil war. The short wall held an assortment of nifty emergency equipment, like they had planned to escape and leave all of their fellow gods, goddesses, aliens, and all the half-species to die or burn or whatever.
"I slowly back stepped up the stairs and stood on top of the clean temple floor. He struggled up the staircase and eventually stood on top of the same floor, getting it dirty with the blood stains from the two half-species. He opened his arms and I moved ahead hugging his chest. He lifted off the temple floor and through the rooftop, smashing the stones, dangling the bodies in the air from his fit waistline. He encircled the temple rooftop and used his god powers zapping each column and lots of stones. The temple exploded and then tumbled down into the underground bunker. To ensure no discovery of the secret bunker, he created a massive earthquake that buried the temple remains and the bunker down into the dirt. On the flight back home to Atlantis, he concocted a fairy tale, Cleopatra was happy about the outcome of the civil war and she was playing with the asp. Everyone knew that a younger and bolder Cleopatra had won some stupid beg over a hissing snake and did not die, that day. So, no one would be shocked about her silly antis inside the bunker. During her play time with the wild asp, it bit her flesh. Nothing saves you from an asp! Her lover Marc went crazy and killed himself, which was the true part of the fairy tale. As we are flying toward the city, a great mod had formed, where the surviving gods and goddesses were explaining the outcome of the battle. Some of the humans were crying. The other were mad. Some humans were scared. A couple of the goddesses recognized a flying Dionysus in the air waves and rushed ahead, hiding behind the massive limestone tomb structure for a future dead Queen Cleopatra, that was being constructed near her palace for some weird reason. They mentally mind communicated with their god friend Dionysus and glided him to the same spot behind the tomb hiding from the group of stupid humans. The two goddesses worked together with Dionysus while I only watched in silence and placed the two dead bodies inside her real tomb and then added their new tale to the original fairy tale, mostly for the human subjects and slaves.
"The news blur went something like this to the stunned humans. Queen Cleopatra bravely watched the defeat of her Egyptian fleet of warships from the vicious attack of each Roman warship. Then she and Marc quickly fled Actium and returned back here to her home of Atlantis, hiding inside the pre-death tomb. Who would look for a live queen inside a tomb? That was a clever idea, folks! Marc and Cleo were planning a vile counterattack against the Roman army, for tomorrow night, when a wild asp slithered out from her golden throne chair and liked her fleshy naked skin, kissing her to death. Queen Cleopatra died very quickly on her throne. Her husband Marc was shocked, stunned, and sad with grief, stabbing his sword tip into his body as a gesture of true love for his Queen of Egypt. The end, folks!
"So, the stupid humans accepted the fairy tale and then death of their queen waiting for their new ruler. The elite council heard the fairy tale and accepted the script as the truth, without argument or insult or debate. Dionysus wanted to protect me and my dangerous goddess secret. My act had been accidental, but the angry mod of supernatural creatures did not care, at the moment. So, you, now, know the reason why poor Dionysus stays drunk and stupid in words, mind, heart, and body, all the time. He has been hiding our shared secret for over two thousand years." Wray nodded with a sad face.
Perry nodded with a stern face. "Ah!"
Folsom nodded. "Wow! I always wondered about poor Dionysus. I always mentally thought it was the ripe sweeten wine grapes that caused his constant intoxication, but it was his eternal, deep, dark secret about my Auntie Wray and dead half-species goddess Cleopatra."
Perry laughed. "I plan to give Dionysus more respect and more room from his sour breathe and his silly talk. Interesting! While he is drunk, Dionysus does not spill the ripen grapes about your secret."
Axson wiggled in the chair and waved his palms near his confused face. "Wait! Hold it! Hang on! Queen Cleopatra died on August 12th, 30 B.C., not September 2nd, 31 B.C., almost a year later. Because, the Roman soldiers did not possess terrain vehicles and rocket launchers," he laughed with his two brothers. "Half-species alien leader and new Roman emperor Octavian slowly veered ahead from Actium inside a shaded caravan not across the seas but over the dry, hot desert in comfort, without a sword, again, landing in the city of Alexandria, in the month of August, in the year 30 B.C. So, something is wrong!"
She winked. "Something is right. An alien cannot fly, but he can run faster and punch harder and act meaner than a coiled and cornered rattlesnake. So, later that afternoon, on the second day, in the month of September, in the year 31 B.C., Octavian slowly entered the city of Alexandria with a smile on top of a white horse with miles of warriors that were only half-species aliens that came from other parts of the known world. While he was touring the depressing Tomb of half-species goddess and dead Queen Cleopatra and her half-species alien lover and dead Roman general Marc Anthony, his rows of disgusted and disguised half-species aliens were tracking down, killing, and burning any leftover groups of half-species gods and goddesses that happened to be too young to fight and too young to use a silver-tinted spoon. O gods! Once all of the half-species gods and goddesses were killed, only the famous half-species gods and goddesses were replaced by a half-species alien. How is that even possible? The alien does not have regular magical powers of body flight, without wings, healing abilities on its skin, levitation without its hands, and lots of tummy problems from the foreign foods," she chuckled with her nephews.
Folsom frowned. "Wait! Hold up! Hang on! Wow! Your story ..."
"My fact..."
"Your world historical facts are amazing, Auntie Wray. But I must challenge you here.'"
She nodded with a smile. "Good! You should challenge anyone and everyone. This is how you learn to eliminate hot juicy lip gossip, folk fables, and fairy tales."
He whipped out his personal mobile telephone and typed on the tiny keyboard, staring down at the tiny screen. "Wait! Let me test my working theory here. I found it. Listen to this fact from ancient world history. This guy named Crinagoras was a Greek epigrammatic poet and a native of Mytilene. Do not ask me the location of Mytilene. Look it up on your mobile telephone. Crinagoras was born in the year 70 B.C. Now, Old Crins was one year older than Queen Cleopatra. So, he was forty years old in 30 B.C., when she died the first time," he chuckled. "He had been a popular poet among the Greek peoples and then had actually died in the year 11 A.D."
Wray nodded with a smile. "Crinagoras wrote poems for both the Greeks and the Romans and he also participated in several Rome political delegations. Hum! Why did alien Augustus Caesar burn down a building with millions of library books in the city called Atlantis, which was not the true Atlantis and named by Cleopatra?"
Folsom smiled. "Caesar was trying to burn the opposition enemy sea ships ..."
"... with a roasting fire on the land at the library. Caesar executed the fires in the city on purpose, because he was a full status alien and that information was recorded at the Library of Alexander. Why did Greek poet Crinagoras visit the city of Rome and play with the Romans? Because, he was a half-species alien in disguise as a Greek citizen. The other surviving gods and goddesses from the all of the pantheons were both scared and worried for their immortal life which could be cut down by an alien, not necessarily by a human hand. After September 2nd, 31 B.C., all of the gods and goddesses were very good citizens in the city of Alexander and the other known cities throughout the world. We practically became invisible in body, mind, soul, and voice, also. The race of humans only read about us in the World History textbooks at school or at the library. How ironic!"
Axson sneered. "Wow! I've learned too many new world history facts, Auntie Wray. I hated all of the alien species before. Now, I feel furious rage and undying angry at each alien and their half-species."
She nodded with a stern face. "On the same day of her accidentally death, in the city of Alexandria, half-species alien leader and Roman emperor Octavian, without a sword, demanded the presence of Queen Cleopatra, in front of him, inside the her throne room. One of the human maidens escorted Octavian into the tomb and he viewed the two dead bodies and then poked and probed and beat and finally pissed his urine over both of the dead human bodies, accepting their final fate of death."
Folsom laughed. "Why did Octavian accept their two individual deaths, so easily? Did he not know that your personal goddess DNA was all over Cleopatra's naked chest?"
"How did you figure out that one, Folsom?" Axson frowned.
He nodded. "Auntie Wray had used her naked foot with her naked goddess genes from her body limb. A god and a goddess can be tracked by spreading their individual body genes, when the flaked off skin tissues turn into a plume of god or goddess dust, floating up into the stratosphere."
Wray nodded with a smile. "You are correct about the colorful dusty god and goddess gene powder, Folsom. However, an alien does not possess any supernatural powers, such like, reading the mind without vocal sounds, leviating an object without hands, healing the body from sickness, without medicines, distinguishing colorful air pollution from god pollution," she laughed with her nephews. "We are the true natives and the first born species here on Planet Earth. They are the visitors and the invaders, who die really easily from natural land, sky, and sea disasters, bad mushrooms, falling large objects, and a broken heart. We are much hardy and handy at giving out a death sentence and not experiencing it. Where was I? O yes! Inside Cleopatra's royal palace, within her old throne room, an angry half-species alien leader Octavian with his group of true aliens and a sad group of gods and goddesses held a meeting along with a set of new visitors to Alexandria, the heavenly archangels."
"Wow!" Folsom nodded. "The Prime Creator was mad at all of the gods and goddesses and aliens and half-species."
She nodded. "That is an understatement. The head archangel ran the entire show relaying the final decisions coming from the Prime Creator that benefited all parties. The arrival of the unexpected outer space starships really killed off all of the alien half-species, most of the younger and minor gods and goddesses, and two hundred of original 300 Anunnaki aliens, but not Octavian. However, Cleopatra and Marc Anthony became the root cause for starting the civil war with the gods and the aliens. So, each side was guilty of deception, fibbing, cheating. lying, and other earthly sins that had been vocally expressed on September 2nd, 31 B.C. However, the current naive race of humans needed a stronger leader, who would advance the human culture, language, education, medicines, science, literature, art, and music. Among the secret group of supernatural creatures, half-species Octavian was popular and known by face and by name among the human race, since Cleo was dead and gone. Thus, half-species alien Octavian would rule over both the alien city Rome and the god city of Atlantis, until his untimely half-alien, half-human death. An alien does not live forever. Then, all of his future born half-species alien children would take over the Roman kingship.
"The name of Atlantis was changed back to original Alexandria, after its originator, half-species god Alexander, the Great from the Macedonian kingdom. Dead Cleopatra was half-human and a royal princess from the same line of Macedonian kings, anyways. Thus, the ancient Egyptian city still honored her dead memory within the simple minds of the humans and pissed off the angry surviving gods and goddesses.
"Octavian had proved beyond reason and doubt that the visiting alien creatures admired, adored, and appreciated the human race. Thus, he was allowed to travel throughout the world and populate all of the new territories with his set of Anunnaki alien friends, without social, financial, economic or spiritual penalty. The gods and goddesses had to stay and live in the newly named city Alexandria for the rest of their days and nights.
"After the heavenly angels, Octavian and his ally alien friend, his half-species alien warriors and farm horses left his new city of Alexandria, Greek god of wine Dionysus had been picked by the elite council of gods and goddesses riding the foul stench of dead Cleo and Marc inside that tomb structure. He used his god powers and lifted up the stone tomb from the limestone foundation, during the early morning hours at Alexandria, flying away with the object, during a rainy night. No human or god or goddess or alien asked about the missing object. Thus, he and I only know the true gravesite of dead Cleo and her legally married Egypt husband Marc.
"Two hours later, half-species alien leader Octavian mellowed out and sought the support from all of the gods and goddesses while playing marriage matchmaker with some of the eager humans. Thus, some of the gods and goddess married into a human family, without producing a child, but decided to leave the city of Alexandria and live someplace else, within the Roman Empire. From the facts of ancient world history, the Roman Empire became mighty and great, until one of Octavian's old Anunnaki alien friends wanted more greedy power and then came back and viciously crashed the Roman Empire, which was heavily comprised of aliens, half-species aliens, and stupid humans. Over the centuries, some of the gods and goddesses left their imprisoned town of Alexandria to explore and not conquer any humans, only to live in peace and harmony, until today.
"So, I am sitting here with my goddess sisters, my god nephews and not with my loving parents. Yeah, the Prime Creator had been correct about the greed and selfishness from each elite, spoiled, powerful god and goddess. You can only read about the group of brave teen, young, mature gods and goddesses, who died on September, the second, in the year 31 B.C. inside your high school or college world literature textbook. And you cannot read about any dead young half-species gods and goddess children from Alexandria, their names do not exist from ancient world history. The great Library of Alexandria had been destroyed, on purpose, by Augustus Caesar and then his alien successor Octavian had sent out numerous alien scout troops to fire up the rest of the known worldly libraries with any reference to alien or god or goddess. Currently, the only surviving ancient gods and goddesses are the most commonly known names that the humans use and abuse for fun or for profit. We can't change that vile action either."
She exhaled with sadness. "The other side of the battle, the aliens and their half-species aliens experienced far worse deaths rather than the gods. Each metal ship quickly melted into a puddle of goo and then swiftly sunk down, resting on the bottom of the sea floor. All of the half-species aliens died on each ship or inside the heated sea waters. Some of the outer space starships had drowned in the Ionian sea with their alien passengers. That space ship was not designed for a water landing and also carried off each swimming half-species alien with it, resting down on the bottom of the cold sea floor. Only one hundred aliens from the original three hundred stood on top of the last metal warship. Then that single metal warship lifted up from the water with its alien engines, flying back home to Rome with their half-species alien leader Octavian. Well, this is the truth story of the first Civil War between the Gods and the Aliens.
"The hatred for the aliens runs deeper than the iron core on this planet. We do not like or love or admire or adore or appreciate the aliens but hate, revenge, growl, sneer, mouth spit, and greatly desire all of them dead and gone from our home world. We were here first. They came second and then caused major trouble for the gods and goddesses. To address your original question, which was thirty minutes ago, Folsom, your goddess wife and all of the other goddess wives will never become pregnant with a god or a goddess baby. Back then, inside the Cleopatra's throne room with the set of heavenly angels, the Prime Creator granted each surviving god and goddess their precious life and did not flambé us into a plume of colorful dust from our unwise decision. But, each goddess had to give up the right of baby pregnancy. Thus, no more precious newborn girl goddess or boy god babies, infants, toddlers, children, or teenagers. Currently, here inside this auditorium, each god and goddess had been birthed in the original city of Atlantis from 300,000 years ago and had lived in harmony there, working with the humans, enjoying all of the earth resources, and then the fight formed the very first Civil War on Planet Earth. Well, that is a different story. But we survived that terrible and horrible event also. So, every god and goddess will always live their life in their current body appearance with their angry personality, without a cute newborn baby, until the end of time."
Folsom frowned. "Wait! Wait! I had been birthed in the city of Alexandria with all of my brothers, but I did not fight in the civil war or see the heavenly angels. And I'm the youngest among the group of mature gods and goddesses, but the oldest in my family clan. So, something is wrong."
She laughed. "Something is right! Your biological father is the seventh son from a seventh son and is my brother from my side of gods. My biological father was the seventh son from a seventh son also. A seventh son among all people is a very special god with a set of special god powers, which includes fertility and children. Your mother was born as a pre-teen like me and then we both became infertile by the group of heavenly angels on September 2nd, 31 B.C. When we had matured into a full-fledged goddess, we each got married to a nice god there in the city of Alexandria. Once we married, we enjoyed socializing as a family clan. Then, one day, your mother became pregnant with a developing healthy fetus, who was later named Cox. Her secret was a shocker for all of the family members. Your father was delighted and stunned while worried. He was a seventh son of a seventh son, like your grandfather, who had died at the Civil War Between the Gods and Aliens battle fight. So, your father decided to leave the city of Alexandria and live someplace else without the other gods and goddesses learning of the growing healthy fetus and learning about the secret god powers of your father. Even among our people, a seventh god son was rare and their seventh son god powers were myth. So, your father moved all his family members including his sisters and the family members of your mother, mostly to hush the seventh son rumors and protect the growing fetus."
Folsom frowned. "How did our dad keep the secret of a growing baby god fetus from all of the other family god and goddess members? Does each god and goddess possess mind reading?"
"Yes and no! A god and a goddess can read a family member's mind, not a human or another god or goddess' mind, unless that naughty god desires death." She nodded with a stern face. "Yes, that was a serious concern regarding the baby fetus. Your father immediately included and notified all of his god and goddess-kind kinfolks inside his private house, both the good and bad news, a growing baby god fetus. There were not many safe cities for a god or a goddess or a growing god fetus to live and then survive without harm from an alien or a half-species alien, who always liked to spy on each god and goddess.
"The active city of Jericho had been established in 9,500 B.C. and eventually was owned by Queen Cleopatra during her queenly reign. After her sudden death, yeah, half-species alien leader Octavian took over the parking lot and the grove of trees, planting down his new friends that loved the city, the humans, and the lands. 
"The active city of Eridu had been founded in 5400 B.C. and it was an alien playground, not owned by Octavian. At first, the aliens landed here and took up residence without a single human. Eridu had been one of the five cities built before the Great Flood. After the flood, the aliens lifted off the planet and then returned rebuilding the city. And then the Prime Creator deposited his human children there. In the year 30 B.C., the city was still active with aliens, half-species aliens, and stupid humans, not knowing their visitors. Disgusting! Even the aliens used their own language in all types of musical songs: Nam lugee an ta ed de a baba. Eri duki la. la. la. The rough alien translation: Come down from the stars, Eridu is your new home! Yay! Yay! Yay! Or something alien crazy like that. Well, yeah, that city was a pass for birthing baby Cox.
"The active city of Ur had been established in the year 6500 B.C. The city was another major alien hot spot, where the alien elite rulers dressed in fancy cloth and wore precious metal, semi-precious stones that had been imported from the present day countries of Ancient Iran, Afghanistan, India, Asia Minor, using humans as slaves and aliens as rulers. Yeah, I had warned you earlier. The aliens had invaded and continued to invade, since the beginning of time. Right now, no one knows the number of aliens and their half-species alien sisters, brothers, uncles, aunts, grandmothers, grandfathers, nephews, nieces, and cousins. So, we crossed the city of Ur off the list of new places. And our list of active cities was getting smaller while your mother was getting bigger every day with a growing god fetus.
"There once was a party city in the east in the year 2231 B.C. and it was named Babylonia. Numerous party people included individuals from the cultures of Akkadian, Amorite, Kassite, Assyrian, Chaldean, Persian, Greek, Roman, Parthian, and Sasanian. Even classical historians attended the social parties of the decades including Herodotus, Strabo, Quintus, Rufus, and Cleitarchus. The palace was a tall ziggurat and was located on top of another tell ridge in the center of the city with flat mounds that stood 20 feet from the soil with numerous cavern for other parties below. Over the centuries, the palace center had been different rulers but the same party people. Alexander, the Great came, conquered, and claimed the city and then after his death, in the year 323 B.C., all of the current natives, the aliens, the half-species aliens, the half-species gods and goddesses, and the foreigners, the pirates, and the other partiers started to leave the fun party. In the year 275 B.C., everyone left the great city, which fell down into greater ruins until 1st century A.D. However, in the year 30 B.C, we dared not go and live within the great rumbles and ruins at the ancient city of Babylon." She nodded with a stern face. "Even I had heard that there were some strange and spooky happenings within the ruins of Babylon."
Folsom laughed. "Uncle Hades and his partying down demons, who really are human souls coming from fallen angel Satan!" He laughed with the others.
She nodded. "There was cold nasty lip gossip of mysterious human and animal sacrifices were performed inside some of the underground caverns for more than one hundred years. So, we decided not to form a venture and then adventure out to the dead city.
"At the same time, in the same step, with the two cultural and sophisticated cities of Alexandria and Rome, the Chinese dynasty had existed over there on the eastern continent of present day Asia, both out of sight and out of mind, until a group of teen and young adult gods and goddesses had been flying around the world for some fun exercise and then located the Neolithic village of Banpo in the year 6300 B.C. Then, the same group of younger gods and goddesses, without children, decided to move there and created the Chinese pantheon with god Yudi, goddess Doumu, god Pangu, and the other fun Chinese names and crazy appendages on their god or goddess fake body, and all of the wild colorful clothes and hats," she chuckled with amusement and remembered the olden days of innocence.
Folsom frowned. "Why would our own sister goddesses and brother gods want to leave the great Greek pantheon in the islands of Greece? I do not understand."
She smiled. "Yes, the Greek pantheon is the greatest of them all. But, within the Greek pantheon, there is only one goddess of the earth; one god of the heavens, one god of the waters, one goddess of the lambs, and one of everything. Finding a new race of humans and a new plot of landmass gave the younger set of gods and goddesses new freedom, new identification, new recognition, new opportunity, and it also expanded the Greek pantheon throughout the world along with the expanding set of humans. Yeah, the aliens were expanding, also, but the gods and goddesses did not know that."
"Why did they not know? Why didn't the ancient and wiser gods and goddesses know and find and then killed off the nasty race of aliens?" Perry frowned.
Wary exhaled with trepidation. "There is another story about that topic, which I will not venture into right now. As I was narrating about the birth of each one of my wonderful, smart god nephews. The Chinese people had been a race of true humans and they had spend all of their peaceful time eating, sleeping, and creating an array of beautiful works of art, forms including figures, boxes, vases, jars, cups, bowls, fishes, lamps, flowerpots, animals, wine cups, and teapots, and puppets,  instead of war talk and field battles. 
"In the year 20,000 B.C., the birth of earth pottery making was invented by the clever Chinese humans. Each pottery item had been constructed as bricks and tiles that came from bonfires of high heat. After the younger, ambitious, smarter Greek gods and goddesses arrived and settled down, centuries later, in the year 206 B.C., they showed the Chinese people how to construct a porcelain funeral jar for a dead citizen, which led to wonderful elegantly colorful and creative porcelain pieces of art work. And it is written in the ancient world history books that no one knows invented the first smooth and silky feeling porcelain eating bowl but we all do now. Today, each piece of porcelain is referenced as, china porcelain, in honor of the gods and the goddesses."
Axson chuckled. "I do believe the word, china porcelain, honors the Chinese people, Auntie Wary."
She smiled. "Well, we're in there, too. Within ancient Chinese history, the first civilized valley, without the grunting cavemen, with humans, gods, goddesses, and without the annoying aliens and their half-species cousins, was named Xian and founded in the year 1000 B.C.  Now, within ancient China history, there was a tiny group of invasion alien species that lived and did not play well with the Chinese humans. The Chinese humans back then were a vicious race and found, killing and then burning each weird-acting human that was really an alien in disgust and disguise. However, some of the few careful, smarter aliens stood in silence and then attacked, taking control of the leadership positions and created in-breed fist fights with swords and words, also.
"In the history books, the village of Xian quickly expanded and included more young and mature humans, young and mature gods and goddesses, and a new aggressive battling breed of aliens. I want to quote a historical incident from the world history books.
"In the year 221, the first capital of China was established and located near the old village of Xian and ruled by Zheng, the King.
"Prince Zheng had inherited the royal crown at the thirteen years old and ordered the construction of his Terracotta Army and his royal death mausoleum, east of the old village of Xian. He was too young and required an adult to act as regent, which was the best friend of the dead royal king. The regent was named Lu Buwei."
"It's getting better already!" Folsom laughed.
She nodded. "However, the best friend Lu Buwei had introduced the young prince to his personal girlfriend, who was pregnant with his baby. The young prince felt in love and married the beautiful girlfriend and then they produced a son, Prince Zheng."
"It's getting heat already!" Folsom laughed.
She nodded. "Well, old and ratty Lu Buwei was not needed a regent for the teen king or the queenly mother, anymore and he was fearful that the truth with the queen mother would be revealed. So, Lu Buwei hired a replacement for his royal duties to King Zheng and Queen Zhao, who was named Lao Ai and was an eunuch. Do you know what an eunuch is?" Each nephew nodded with a smile. She nodded. "However, Lao Ai was a healthy homosexual male with his two treasure chests."
"It's getting really hot now!" Axson laughed.
She nodded. "The queen mother and Lao Ai secretly loved each other and she produced his two sons, who could inherit the kingly throne also. In the year 238 B.C., King Zheng was 21 years old and away on a war campaign while his mother and her love Lao Ai plotted to rid King Zheng of his title and  his riches and his life by ordering a secret queenly army and plotting a coup with a gang of rebels. However, Lao Al attended a social party and became an annoying drunker, boasting about his role as the step-father to King Zheng."
"Wow! It's getting hotter now!" Perry laughed.
She smiled. "Yes, all information flows into the two eardrums. At 24 years old, in the year 235 B.C., King Zheng ordered Lao Ai to send troops to kill the gang of rebellious rebels that were preparing for the coup against the king and his kingdom. Lao Ai obeyed and then fled the battlefield event and was marked with a bounty on his head. In the end, all of the rebels were captured and beheaded. The two hidden step-brothers of Zheng were murdered. Queen Mother was committed to a bedroom prison for the rest of her life, until her bedroom death. Loa Ai was captured and tied up, and rode over four carriage wheels which were pulled by six horses, swiftly scattering all of his bloody body parts over the dry dirt. Then Lao Ai's true family unit was executed too. Old and elderly former royal friend Lu Buwei drank a cup of poison and then died by suicide."
"Yikes!"
She nodded. "The first assassination attempt, on 32 year old King Zheng, came from the Prince Dan of Yan kingdom, after his small, weak Chinese kingdom had been defeated in battle and became part of the current, active, and expanding Qui dynasty. In the year 227 B.C., Prince Dan of the Yan sent his friend Jing Ke, who was a scholar, a sword man, and another angry citizen from another captured kingdom within the expanding Qui dynasty to the Zheng palace sending a gift to the reigning king. Jing Ke was accompanied by a country boy. Once inside, Jing Ke entered the palace and walked straight towards the king and then the young country boy stopped and stared at the king with awesome wonderment of the great royal. Jing Ke grabbed the arm on the country body and continued to approach the king with a smirk extending a rolled paper map as the gift from Prince Dan.
"The king accepted the paper map and unrolled out a dagger with poison. Jing Ke snatched up the dagger and tried to kill the king. The king was wearing a ceremonial sword that was too long and too difficult to remove from his body and back stepped from the slicing dagger blade, running around the throne room while Jing Ke chased after him. The king continued to remove his ceremonial blade without success. His guards were not allowed inside the throne room during business sessions. The physician for the king tossed his bag of medicines at an approaching angry Jing Ke while giving the king a few more second of extra time. The king whipped out his blade and cut Jing Ke into bloody body parts. Then King Zheng sent in his army to Yan kingdom. The king of Yan tried to appease King Zheng and executed his son Prince Dan to spare his kingdom. Nope! The Qui army destroyed the kingdom of Yan."
Perry nodded.  "Wow!"
She nodded. "The second assassination attempt on came from the close friend of dead Jing Ke. Gao Jianti was a famous flute player. He came to the palace in Xian to play for King Zheng. However, one of the devoted Qui citizen recognized the man and the relationship to Jing Ke. King Zheng was so sad and could not kill such a talented musician and ordered the eyeballs of traitor Gao Jianti to become punched out."
"Yikes!" Axson touched his two eyelids.
She nodded. "Flute player Gao Jianti played for Zheng his beautiful musical songs. Zheng asked the harmless musician to come closer. On the flute, a piece of hard lead was attached. When Gao moved closer, he tried to hit the king with his loaded flute. Of course, Gao was killed for his naughty deed. So bad! So sad!"
"Yes, of course, we all know that!" Folsom laughed.
She nodded with a smile. "King Zheng was 38 years old and had fought and then conquered all of his major foes and then unified the citizens and the country of China, in the year 221 B.C. Then he invented the title of emperor of China, instead of king, where the rest of the rulers utilized the same royal title until today. As the new and first emperor of China, he abolished feudalism and set up communities with one hundred family units, that still exists today. Each farm land was assigned by merit, not inheritance right from the feudal status. He unified the measurements into weights, one currency rate, and the length of a donkey cart for people and goodies that rode on his new national road transportation system. The new road transportation system connected bridges over bodies of water to each community improving trade of goods and services. He ditched each kingdom seal and created one language and one communication system. Now, I see and I understand. The First Order of one people, one religion, one language, and one community started with Emperor Qui," she laughed with her nephews. "Emperor Zheng believed in the Wu Xing philosophy school of five elements that ruled his life through invisible forces on the planet, in the sun, from the stars, sorta like a magical force field of protection. The Wu Xing five elements consisted of fire, water, metal, wood, earth. He had been born under the element of water which corresponded to the color black. He ordered everyone to wear black garments, hats, and display black tinted flags. The other associations with the element of water is the northern direction, the winter season and the number six. Each black hat was 5.9 inches in diameter. Each long horse carriage was 6.6 feet. And each walking pace was 4.6 feet. He closed down all of the philosophy schools and burnt all of the free thought manuals embracing legalism. A citizen follows the law or is punished. Period!"
"Emperor Zheng implemented some cool ideas. When I become the emperor of the world, I'm going to read up on Zheng as my worldly model." Axson laughed with his brothers.
Wary nodded with a smile. "A third assassination attempt on King Zheng occurred in the year 218 B.C., when Zheng was 41 years old. A Han aristocrat sold all of his rich worldly possessions and hired a muscular man and purchased a metal cone weighing 160 pounds. They hid in the bushes and watched for the royal caravan, releasing the metal cone from a tree limb, scattering the first carriage, that was empty of passengers. Emperor Zheng was riding inside a second carriage of duplication and deception. The two guys escaped from harm. Now, I have come to the point here and I can explain the mind of middle aged Emperor Zheng."
Axson frowned. "Emperor Zheng was an outer space alien, is that correct?"
"Yes, the famous names and some faces regarding all the people from the ancient world history books had been an alien or a half-species alien son or daughter or aunt or cousin or whatever. As an alien in disguised human form, Zheng was scared to death of dying and wanted to become immortal, like all of the other Greek and Chinese gods and goddesses. So, he visited with magicians and witches, and ordered most of his scholars on an alchemical quest, where each one did not return back home, without the immortality potion, facing a death sentence. So they moved to another country. Emperor Zheng was afraid of evil spirits.
Perry laughed with a nod. "Well, he should be after killing numerous individual for lands, riches, fame, and immortality, which is the typical alien purpose here on our home world. I'll be happy to rid the world of all and any outer space aliens."
She nodded. "He was so afraid of one or more evil spirits following his body that he built numerous secret passageways underneath his 200 royal palaces..."
"...where a she-ghost likes to hunt and haunt while rattling her golden chains," Folsom laughed.
"This new piece of ancient Chinese world history is quite amusing. In the year 211 B.C., an outer space meteorite fell down from the stars and then landed in near a farm community down the Yellow River. One of the clever natives inscribed the sentence: The First Emperor will die and his lands will be divided. Yeah, Zheng was not amused and sent out a scouting party. No native confessed to the nasty deed. So he murdered all the natives. The meteorite was burned, destroyed and then buried. On his next tour of his country, Emperor Zheng became ill and died on September 10, 210 B.C. while touring still two months from his home palace. The cause of his death is still unknown today. But the modern historians believed that he consumed mercury pills to fulfill his immortality quest. This is even odd also. After Emperor Zheng had died, his son and his prime minister did not tell anyone. The royal caravan was two months from the capital city. The two individuals were fearful of uprising against the death of the emperor and the safety of the younger prince on the new roadway system. During the caravan ride back to the palace, a kart of dead smelly fish led in front and in the rear of the parade while disguising the decomposing body of dead Emperor Zheng. His son and his prime minister changed the clothes, feed plates of food, and hold important conversations with the dead, decomposing emperor body. After arriving at the capital city, the death of Emperor Zheng was announced and he was buried inside his personal mausoleum with the 6,000 fake soldiers of hard clay, 40,000 bronze weapons, and numerous clay chariots. Emperor Zheng did not leave a will, but fifty children. Once the funeral parade was done, the first three royal prince sons of the 35 royal princes started fighting for the title of emperor while conning and killing each other. Then, the 18th son, somehow, named Qui Er Shi became the Second Emperor and did a terrible job, all at the age of 21 years old. After three long, hard years with Emperor Qui Er Shi killing the rest of his fifteen royal princess sisters and his thirty royal prince brothers, some of the innocent Chinese citizens, and tons of the military soldiers, the Qui empire finally crumbled and the Second Emperor committed suicide with his personal war sword. Another Qui royal son took the helm of the Qui kingdom, but was killed by a peasant farmer in a revolt for throne power. The Qui kingdom ended in the year 202 B.C. Back to the topic at hand!
"The village of Xian became the capital city of Xianyang. After the downfall of the Qui dynasty, that peasant farmer which killed the last Qui royal prince assumed the title of emperior and formed the Han dynasty. Well, his 'die nasty' lasted for seven years, where Emperor Liu Bang built the Welyang Palace, north of the ancient city of Xian, which was classified as the largest palace in the entire world. The palace covered 1,200 acres with a security wall 16 miles in length and 52 feet thick at the base, enclosing 14 square miles of landmass. Emperor Lui Bang died in the year 195 B.C., at the age of sixty years old, from an unknown illness, which was not related to suicide or poison. After his death funeral, nasty rebels and nasty rebellions occurred for years, within the royal family, and outside from enemy threats against the Han kingdom. Finally, in the year 190 B.C., a warlord named Dong Zhuo grabbed the royal tiara.
"Thus, the ancient city of Chang'an and the entire country of China was not a good place to raise a god baby. To end my world history tale, after centuries of unrest, the Sui dynasty united the country of China and the people, in the year 582 A.D.
"We finally selected the island of Crete for the new birthing place and new country citizenship for the growing baby god fetus. Crete is an island of high mountains ranges crossing from the west to the east with numerous earth minerals. The valley plateau contains fertile soil for agriculture farming and exposed caves with more earth minerals and natural sea harbors for docking sea ships and sailboats. The terrain features deep gorges and a waterfall with numerous fresh water rivers and two fresh water lakes. However, the island is subject to earthquakes, land uplifts and submersions on the coastline due to the tectonic plates processing along the seashore. The northern climate is humid in the summer and mild in the wintertime. Snowflakes fall on top of summit mountains, but not on the valley floors. The southern climate is hot at 90 degrees Fahrenheit in the summertime, which is closer to the country of Africa.
"The race of hominins or cave men and women had settled on the tiny island of Crete 12,000 B.C. The first humans appeared and started agricultural farming the fertile plain soil in the year 7000 B.C. living in the open valley plateau inside a grassy and wooden hut on the seashore. The natives used cows, sheep, goats, pigs for food stuff, and dogs for work, growing legumes and cereals for more food.
"The Bronze Age began in the year 3500 B.C. and created the Minoan civilization, which is concerned the first advanced civilization in Europe. The native workers produced four-story high elaborate palaces with a plumbing system and decorated the interior wall in sophisticated colorful clay art works. The natives constructed complex tools, sea ships and developed writing systems which improved the trade routes spanning the Mediterranean Sea. The Minoan traders and artists carried through technology and creativity beyond the tiny island to the Cyclades, the Old Kingdom of Egypt, Cyprus, Canaan, and Anatolia in the Persian lands.
"Once again, all the talented merchants, carpenters, artists, masons, and metalists slaved over a hot stove, the upper level managers became rich with wealth. Then the wealth people became the elites and formed a hierarchy of social and economic duties, which eventually lead into a monarchy of royal kings, queens, princes, and princesses that lived in a four-story palace.
"At the height of prosperity, there were 90 cities on the island of Crete. The largest city was called Knossos that grew in people population from 1,300 to 2,000 individuals, in the year 2500 B.C. In the year 2000 B.C., the population totaled 18,000 individuals.
"In the year 1700 B.C., a massive earthquake hit the island and destroyed the beautiful royal palaces in the Crete cities of Knossos, Phaistos, Malia, and Kato Zakros. But, the homeless, not penniless royals ordered all of the palace, shop business, and house buildings rebuilt and then population increased along with larger palaces and new settlers coming from the countries of Greece, Turkey and Persia. In the year 1600 B.C., the population in Knossos increased from 20,000 to 100,000 individuals.
"In the year 1540 B.C., the second largest volcanic eruption in the world history destroyed the Aegean island of Thera within the territory of Greece and decimated the Thera city, citizens, and contents of Akrotiri while creating numerous land earthquakes and ocean tsunamis that affected the surrounding ocean islands. The eruption plume raised 22 miles into the sky and touched the stratosphere creating volcanic lightning bolts. The volcanic chamber breach caused waves of hot flowing magma to boil the land and sea producing flames of violent magmatic blasts with heated rocks and scorching water.
"Before the eruption of the volcano on Thera, a massive earthquake hit the island of Crete causing shaking of buildings and other man-made items that produced a series of chemical and wood fires which destroyed numerous buildings, field crops, and citizens.
"The actually volcanic eruption generated a 492-foot high tsunamis that slammed and then devastated the northern coastal cities in Crete, which was 68 miles away from the island of Thera, and then dropped down plumes of gray tinted, heated, volcanic ash over the plants, pet, property and people which that affected the lifestyle of each citizen.
"From the effects of the Thera volcanic ash, sea water, and broken buildings, some of the city sites were abandoned after burying their dead or the other city sites rebuilt which interrupted their seafaring trades and commerce. The Minoan nation was a sea power and depended on sea ship for their livelihood. The surviving citizens picked up their shaken life and continued on with their work and jobs. 
"In the year 1450, the island was hit with a massive earthquake which devastated building, people, and livelihoods in the Crete cities of Malia, Tylissos, Phaistos, Hagia Triada, and the living quarters at Knossos, contributing to the serious decline in social and economic welfare of the Minoan culture.
"By the year 1360 B.C., the population of Knossos had deceased down to 30,000 individuals, which gave the Mycenaean sailors and warriors the chance to spread their culture throughout the Aegean sea.
"By the 1200 B.C, the Mycenaean leaders were in charge and in control of the island of Crete extending the shipping routes to the Near East nations and the two present day countries of Italy, and Spain .
"Your father and your mother along with the rest of our family members decided to settled on the island of Crete, in the dead city of Gournia. Gournia lies on top of a small hill, a few feet from the Gulf of Mirabello. The dead Crete village displays numerous ruins in the format of stacked whitish-yellow colored stones that outlined the interior room of each palace place or business shop or residential home. The city site is located on the northern coastline, where seasonal storms bring in salt water and damage the soil for food crop farming.
"In past world history, Gournia was the a trading post town that connected the east to the west and the north to the south. The village of Gournia had been founded in the year 3000 B.C. with  population of 400. The earlier natives had built an overhanging wall on top of the mountain cliffs and enclosed all of the dead bodies there.
"In the year 1700 B.C., the natives started burying their dead inside an above ground House Tomb, which consisted of two small rooms for the dead bodies and their grave goodies. The palace place, the houses, and the business shops had been leveled from the massive earthquake and then rebuilt for the surviving citizens to continue on with life.
"In the year 1450 B.C., the palace place had been destroyed by fire, due to another massive earthquake.
"In the year 1200 B.C., the city with 4,000 people was abandoned, due to the invasion of the Mycenaean military control of the entire island of Crete.
"The Mycenaean culture was a warrior elite society of angry people that loved bloody warfare and liked domination of all people, wearing a warrior helmet made of tusk from a wild boar."
"So, they ate a lot of pigs," Axson laughed with his two brothers.
"They emerged from the eastern Greek islands, in the year 1650 B.C. Each Mycenaean female wore a long dress, a long head of hair, and tons of body jewelry in the form of bracelets, necklaces, and buttons of beads made of lapis lazuli, carnelian and was buried in their clothes, at death. Each royal male wore a golden death mask in the burial grave and each royal lady wore a gold crown inside the royal grave spot. Yeah! That was really weird! The economy of Mycenae culture depended on long-distance sea trade and traded with the Cyclades, the Minoans, and the people on Thera island, before it blew the people, pets, plants, and property into pieces of gray ash and black dirt.
"After the massive earthquake and volcano eruption, the Mycenaean king took advantage and attacked the entire island of Crete, capturing the live and dead peoples, ruined buildings, broken landscape, and alive and dead animals, killing the leaders, controlling the people. " She nodded. "When we arrived in the dead city of Gournia, we found inside the ruined village, a palace place, a shrine with clay goddess statutes, houses with basement storage and entrance into the manor; a carpenter's shop with saws and other tools, a coppersmith's forge, and an oil press, a pottery shop with pottery wheels."
Axson frowned. "Wait! The Romans under Augustus Caesar conquered Crete and made the island a Roman province in the year 69 B.C. I realized that Cox was birthed in the year 30 B.C., one year after the Civil War Between the Gods and Aliens. My mom had been birthed in the year 120,000 B.C. In the year 30 B.C., my mom was 21 years. So, each god and goddess aged one human for every 5000 Earth years. My dad was born in the year 250,000 B.C. and was 25 years old, in the year 30 B.C. You were younger at 20 years old, in the year 30 B.C. Why didn't you have a child before the Civil War, Auntie Wary?"
Wray nodded. "Well, I thought there would be plenty of time to make a new god, get married, and have a sweet baby god or goddess. But, here I am. Yes, you are correct, Axson. The island of Crete was a Roman province began to profit from the expanding shipping trade routes to the modern day countries of Turkey, Russia, Middle East, and all the way to India. As long as the Rome Republic received their coins, the Roman leaders were happy and fat. The Romans didn't send in troopers or the nasty centurions spying and guarding on all the natives. The early settlers had been Greek natives looking for opportunities. So, your father and mother and all of our family members just blended into the social and economic scene. Parts of the Crete island had been abandoned, without people, near the dead village of Gournia, that was literally a ghost town. Other natives had seen she-ghosts and he-ghosts coming out from the House Towers that contained all of dead bones moaning in the air waves, floating in the warm air currents. We were gods and goddesses, who held lots of dead bones inside our wardrobe closets. In the abandoned village, we used our god and goddess powers to reconstruct numerous simple houses, which were not fancy or decorative. We didn't want to attract any real flesh and bones people. We planted seeds and grow our own food crops, captured wildlife animals for meat, and gathered fruits and nuts and fished for food also. The climate weather was nice. The landscape was littered with old stones from the last earthquake but we worked around the place. We don't want to improve the landscape too much. Else, some of the Roman leaders and guards would become curious about the strange visitors on the abandoned fields and then inquired while ratting us out to the Roman leaders, who were also alien half-species."
"How did you leave the city of Alexander?"
She smiled. "Well, we were allowed to fly away from Alexandria using our god and goddess powers. The gang of heavenly angels had down their worse, making all the young and mature adult women infertile, without producing a viable fetus baby. Octavia did not need or want any of the gods or goddesses for any vile purpose. He was the alien leader and the human ruler of the known world that grew fast inside his small hands. As a matter of fact, he went back to his precious city of Rome and created his own brand of Roman gods and goddesses by copying our true Greek titles, faces, and bodies, using some of his half-species alien breed, performing no magical tricks like the true Greek pantheon but the humans learned to worship the fake idols."
"I thought an alien didn't ever acquire or attain any god-like powers."
She nodded. "An alien does not possess god-like powers but each one is stronger, smarter, and shape-shifts to a certain degree. An alien comes in humanoid form and cannot change into a dog or a dinosaur. There are limits to the alien abilities here on a foreign planet. This is one reason for coming to Planet Earth and dominating the race of silly humans, who are still childish and stupid. Heavens knows, we tried to help to humans. Once we settled on down in Crete, your mother gave birth a few months later to infant Cox. That day was the happiest day of my life, seeing a newborn god, helping your parents.
  "The extended and immediate family unit resided on the island of Crete for two years, until first born god toddler Cox was old enough to stay quiet and alarm a family member of any alien trouble. Your mother became pregnant with her second god baby. So, we left the island of Crete and moved to the village of Mureybet.
"Mureybet had been founded in the year 12,000 B.C. by hominins. Mureybet is really a tell or an ancient settlement mound with an elongated ridge of hard dirt that is thirteen feet above the river terrace of the Euphrates, within the modern country of Syria and an ancient territory of Mesopotamia. The mound was 264 feet in diameter and 20 feet high, which still held square shaped mud houses from the weather elements and plenty of homes for each god and goddess family. The fresh water river did not flood like today in modern times. The climate was slightly colder and more humid than today. The landscape provided wild nuts, almonds, and wild grains with wild animals that Cox enjoyed tormenting. All of the adult gods hunted and the adult goddesses cooked and prepared the food meals. We all were very happy there and then we were happier, when second born god newborn Perry arrived."
"Awe!" Axson winked to his brother Perry.
"Fudge!" Folsom laughed at his brother Perry.
Perry frowned and shook his bone skull. "Ugh!"
Wray nodded with a smile. "We stayed and lived and played and sung and had fun on that tell ridge in Mureybet for two years, also. We were starting to look funny with a family unit of children and adults. So, we had to start blending into the normal crowd of citizens, Roman guards, and half-species aliens. And your mother became pregnant with her third child, Axson. We fly off the tell and traveled through the air waves, landing in the city of Samarkand.
"Samarkand is one of the oldest cities in Central Asia, which is located on the direct trade route called the Silk Road that goes from the country of China, through the dry, heated desert of modern day country of Iran, dumps down into the Persian Gulf, which access the modern day country of Saudi Arabia, crosses the Red Sea, and then enters into northern Africa with connection back to the land of Egypt. 
"I can tell you, because I know for a fact. Cavemen and women roamed over the same dirt road 40,000 years ago, in the Late Paleolithic era. In the year 1999 B.C., the modern day Iranians, not the Greeks or the Romans or the Spartans as they were too busy fighting and killing each other over the scattered islands of Greece. The smarter business merchants of modern day Iran started constructing stone walkways for a pair of ratty sandals and a set of tall towers of hardened mud and water structures comprising numerous royal palaces with a guard gate, military desert citadel fortresses for security, mosques for the living, and mausoleums for the dead.
"Each structure started at three-story high or climbed higher. The royal palaces were five stories high. Each building was comprised of a mud compound and a square shaped feature looking like a perfectly placed package cardboard box with a stack of new clothes and colored in orange tinted like the desert sands. 
The facade of each structure did not hold a front porch or an overhang or a set of elevated steps, but an open, odd shaped door, that was eighteen foot in height forming a kite-shaped head curvy point at the top of the doorway with two straight lines on each side, which acted as an empty foyer hall that allowed you entrance into the special building. Each mosque held a central rounded dome rooftop and an enclosed entrance courtyard. The other buildings exhibited a flat rooftop, which is used to support by many, many, many vertical columns in white hue inside the great hall, which is called the hypostyle architecture. In the modern country of Spain, there is an ancient mosque that holds 850 columns inside the prayer hall. Each building possessed an enclosed interior courtyard and individual rooms of purpose.
"The market bazaar was named back then and present now, Registan, that held three ornate huge mud buildings in a U-shaped formation. The front wall exhibited exaggerated height which was covered in glazed brick consisting of tiles in azure, lapis lazuli, indigo, gold stones and vivid colors.  Each mosaic building glittered in the sunlight and glowed in the dusk. The art work featured climbing colorful flowers or quotations in Arabic or flying colorful birds or crouching yellow tinted tigers or symbols of the sun on each side of the arch corner on the front facade. This merchant trader place was the hot spot of ancient world history, where different religion, arts, languages, and cultures all existed, all the same time, and no one cared or argued or debated or fought with weapons, only shopped with words for a borrow or two, such like, tiny Greek statues, Buddhist porcelain teacups, ivory chess pieces, glassware, eating utensils, all types of art works, all type of livestock, all types of food stuffs, gem stones and other items coming from Rome to Egypt to Israel to Turkey to Russian to Korean to India to finally China. The city of Rome and all of the Roman citizens received the greatest benefit as they owned the Silk Road trade route for the empire. I sound like a Hollywood movie film.
"The Silk Road had been at trade highway for caravan merchants, traders, bandits, and travelers coming and going, back and forth, between the cities in the Far East, North Africa, Europe, Persia, Egypt and China, until the introduction of trains, airplanes, freighter ships, and automobiles. O my!
"Samarkand was a Persian city, until the capital was captured by Alexander, the Great in the year 329 B.C., who decided to take his horse and camel and soldier parade towards the modern day country of India and then conquer the world. Yeah! Anyways, Samarkand had been ruled by an Iranian or a Turk king, not the Roman emperor, providing our god family clan safe, secure, and steady protection from the gods, the goddesses, and the aliens.
"We found a small abandoned farm house made of dark stone with open windows, a damaged rooftop, minus the snakes and scorpions surrounded by a herd of grazing wild horses. Your father became a horse whisperer, training and breaking each horse and then selling for money. We were a family unit of adults and children and one baby, needing food, shelter, and clothing, that blended into the multi-cultural environment. We had to be very cautious and careful from the Roman visitors and China visitors. The Roman visitors could be half-species aliens, who would not recognize us, but the China visitors could have been gods and goddesses in disguise from our Greek pantheon. The younger gods and goddesses did not want the admiration of the humans but to become like a human. What in the galaxy for! Your other uncles worked the land, gathered the fruits, and found raw animal meat for our hungry stomachs using their god powers and the men learned to cook each food meal for their poor wives and nosily three nephews. 
"Your mother, her sister, my sisters , and I became a jewelry maker, finding and then transforming each piece of hard rock from the earth soil into a semi-precious stone with our goddess powers, of course. Our days were busy with work and our nights were busier with human work. The two children and the baby needed all of our attention as well as play for an active mind and an energetic body. Your uncle dared to enter into one of the booths at the market bizarre and sell all of our home-made goddess wares for coin. We did not become rich but enjoyed the benefits of the new products, there, in Samarkand for two years.
"Cox was six years old. Perry was four years old. And Axson was two years old. In the year 25 B.C., there were not a lot of major cities of choice while avoiding the Romans. The city of Rome within the modern day country of Italy held one million individuals that includes human, aliens, and half-species aliens. No other goddess could become preg-nancy, so there were not any half-species goddesses or gods. You were three full god male toddlers with lots of energy, curious minds, and stinky diapers. Poo-wee!" She laughed out loud and then smiled. "
"The city had been called, Strabo, by the Greeks, and then the city was named Lutetia by Roman General Julius Caesar from Ancient Rome.
"In the year 52 B.C., the Battle of Lutetia rewarded the Roman army the victory against the local tribes of Parisii. Then, the Roman army started to build a Roman city on top of the hill at the southern bank on the Montagne Sainte-Genevieve River, under the military leadership of Roman General Titus Labienus.
"By the way, Julius Caesar fought and then conquered the Gaul tribe in the country of modern day France, near the city of Lyons. During the Gallic Wars, Julius Caesar and his Roman army came and conquered 800 cites, 300 tribes, one million men sold into slavery, and three million individual dead in the battle fight.
"The tiny villages under the Gaul tribes all became an individual Roman province and constructed in Roman tradition consisting a forum, an amphitheatre, a circus, a thermal baths. The local tribes mixed with the Roman workers adopting Roman culture, Latin speech, and language, and religion. This is the beginning of the First World Order of government while enslaving man and ruling over the poor people.
"The low-lying plain flooded with rich sediments and produced numerous crop fields for food. After the food crops were planted for future food stuffs, a new street plan began building a build across the marshy riverbanks towards the country of Spain for trade and the city of Rome for resources. The road construction completed in 4 A.D., which was fifty years later.
"In the year 25 B.C., your father and your other male uncle gods decided to leave the long tell ridge on Mureybet and flew their family members through the air waves and then landed down in the tiny farmland called Lutetia."
Axson laughed. "Why did our dad do that? Lutetia was a Roman province in the year 25 B.C."
"I cannot answer that. Well, I can answer that. After the death half-species goddess Queen Cleopatra and the department of the heavenly angels, half-species alien Roman Octavian named his person as Pharaoh of Egypt and took the land as his personal playground. So, we had to leave. Octavian spend a great deal of time in Alexander overlooking his new property like a purchased sports car. Thus, we fled from Alexander, like most of the other depressed and defeated gods and goddesses.
"After the Battle of Actium in the year 31 B.C, the kingdom of Rome ended all of the battle wars. In the year 27 B.C., Octavian was named Augustus by the Senate and given unlimited new Roman powers and authority which was coupled with his hidden alien powers transforming the Roman Republic into the grand Roman Empire as the first Roman Emperor.
"Among all of the new legal laws by new Emperor Augustus, the Roman state would be ruled by the first citizen or the emperor. The Senate still held authority over certain provinces, but a Roman province that required great military forces would be ruled by the emperor, which was Augustus. The population of new Roman Republic was 56,800,000 individual in the year 25 B.C. The land mass was 1,060,000 square miles include providences in the countries of Europe, Africa, and Asia. An type of rebellious uprising in the provinces were infrequent but then put down by bloody action coming from the Roman militia.
"Over the years, the reign of Augustus ushered in an era of unprecedented stability, prosperity, peace, and harmony for the citizens, slaves, non-citizens, gods, goddesses, aliens, and half-species aliens of Rome and the construction of new buildings, road systems, and construction equipment pieces, language, arts, literature, dance, and music.
"We had three little toddlers that required food and clothes. We could provide food stuff and education but all of us needed to blend into the new Roman culture and the new Roman society. We also discovered that as a set of talented gods and goddesses, we could identify any alien, any half-species alien, and any quarter species alien and lesser. The alien genes biological an chemically operated the same way inside a human. The half-human species contained part of the human and part of the alien. When the half-species alien girl or boy married and then mated, their offspring became one-fourth alien and the rest human. So, the alien gene continued to split and melt into the human body. Do not become complacent here! The human with alien genes is still classified as an alien with the group of gods and goddesses. So, your god father had selected a small rural country farm settlement from the skyline and flew down first, landing behind a row of tall trees and then became captured."
Axson laughed. "What!"
Folsom looked around and spotted his father. "Who captured our dad? I mean, our dad is presence with us, here, inside this smelly, ratty movie house. He was not killed by the Romans in the year 25 B.C."
Perry nodded. "How did that happen?"
Wary smiled. "At the end of the long row of shade trees, a Roman supervisor was doing his business and when he finished, the male spotted your father. The landscape was tore up dirt, rock, and heaps of construction materials for building construction. Numerous ugly piles of stones were heaped over the landscape like massive ant hills. The Roman thought your father was one of the numerous slave workers, who was escaping from his work job and shooed him back into the work fields. Between the building of the two stone-coated roadways, the future Roman city on top of the hill beside the river started constructing a row of private living apartment buildings, an outside amphitheatre, public bath houses, a royal palace, Roman god and goddess temples, a spring water aqueduct, and a river port for goodies, slaves, soldiers, and workers.
"In more details, the largest planned structure was an amphitheatre which seated 15,000 people and exhibited the famous bloody gladiatorial combats on the left side of the bank behind the future row of living apartment buildings. A large group of male slaves worked on the amphitheatre shuffling rocks and dirt, cutting the stones, planting down the stones. Yeah, your father selected a terrible landing spot. Well, it was too later for your father. He couldn't leave without starting a riot or worse a rebellion among the work slaves, who were a set of true humans. He couldn't leave. Thus, we could not leave either. The rest of the flying party dropped down behind an array of scattered huddles of cloth tents on top of the grass field that served as the living quarter for a group of Roman supervisors, engineers, soldiers, and worker slaves. We selected two cloth tent apartments, one for the males; one for the females as our home environment for a couple of years. Your mother was preg-nancy with your younger brother Nelson.
"Your six uncles slowly stomped over the lush thick grass and puddles of river water, joining our father, working beside him while teasing about the worse decision of their life. I, your two other aunts, and your mother stored our few possessions inside one of the warm cloth tents. When you fly through the air waves, you travel light. We joined the ranks of the female slaves. Some female slaves were performing housekeeping duties, washing dirty dishes, cooking the next food meal, cleaning dirty clothes for the Romans and the slaves. The other taller and stronger female slaves worked in the field beside the male slaves. Another group of female slaves were cleaning off the grass, rock, and plants from the dirt, clearing the land for the building construction.
"Your mother toted Folsom in one arm with her older children Cox and Perry running behind her boot heels, assuming the role of a horse driver. She stopped and placed the children on top of the naked back spine of the plow horse, grabbing the two reins, leading the mammal around on top of the grass. There was a plow on the flat metal plate that helped scoot dirt around the clearing for constructing the set of new buildings. Annabelle slowly guided the horse around the grass and assisted the horse with its job as her three children patted and played on top of the old horse.
"I and your two aunts joined the fray, as they say, and started working as a set of female slaves. You must understand here. None of us used our tender goddess or god hands and fingers to perform the actually manual work. We wiggled a couple of fingers and let the go magic do the work while pretending to perform the slave work. At the end of the day, right before dusk, we all ate the food which was terrible. Afterwards, two of your aunts took over the cooking and then the food meals were delicious. At the nighttime, we sang songs and played with the children, until we were forced into our cloth huts for the nightly sleep ritual.
"Over the decades, we actually assisted in the creation of the city including a massive royal palace for the Roman governor and his twelve bratty kids, who were all one-quarter half-species aliens. An indoor swimming pool and gymnasium, rows of slave houses and private residential houses for the elite class.
"Each one of private residential houses contained a heated floor, outside and indoor flowerpots with colored potted flowers, silver tinted eating utensils, both eating and decorative porcelain ceramics, and an individual drawer handle in bronze on each clothing furniture and a heated bath shower. Three public bath houses used the hypocaust heating underneath the ground. Your uncle found the geological vent and used his god powers to open a fission. Then, the rest is history," she chuckled. "We stayed and worked in the city of Lutetia, until the year 17 A.D., before first born god teen Cox turned 13 years old. The Roman army scripted kids at the age of 14 years old. If you have not figured it out? The name Lutetia was renamed the city of Paris from the name of the local Parisii tribes.
"So far, in my new narration, your brother Nelson was birthed in the year 22 B.C. Cox was 13 years old. Perry was 11 years old. Folsom was nine years old and Nelson was five years old. 
"In the year 17 B.C. we all left one dark, rainy night and vanished from the future city of Paris within the modern day country of France and then landed down on top of a hard, rocky coastline with bright sunny skies and hot air temperatures at 90 degrees Fahrenheit. A humid sea breeze blew my long dark colored hair strands from my sweaty face and the cold salty ocean waves tickled my naked toes. My two eyeballs scanned miles and miles of light to deep blue water and as I stood on top of a rough pile of hard semi-smooth, white tinted rock pebbles beside scattered tan colored loose rocks on a muddy foreshore. I pondered our new location as your father was assigned to lead the fliers and then land first down on the new landscape.
"Your aunt yelled out loud and pointed the object. 'Look behind your hairy bone skull!' I spun around and gasped in shock. I viewed a tall, 540 feet high white tinted, chalk-coated cliff face. We had landed on the foreshore, which was not a long shoreline of white sands, but a tiny piece of tan, black, gray, and white rock surface that exhibited every rock size, including pinky finger to chest-sized. I was standing below the human-named physical location Beachy Head cliff. Beachy Head is the end point of the chalk cliffs that extends towards the western end for 4.5 miles."
Wray smiled. "Sussex is the sunniest place within the country of England that provides a total amount of sunshine rays at 1,900 hours per calendar year. The rest of the country experiences 1,340 hours of sunrays at the same time period. In Sussex, a winter weather pattern is cold. A summer weather pattern is hot, humid air temperatures. The climate on the coast is influenced by the sea producing warm autumn months. Rainfall comes from coastal thunderstorms in the summertime. In the winter and springtime periods, the months of January to March produce heavier rain showers due to the southwesterly weather system running across the landscape.
"The high and low landscape views were breathtakingly beautiful displaying a continuous range of tall, white tinted, chalk-coated land cliffs that overlooked down upon the sea waters and then towards a new landmass across the English Channel on the southern coastal shoreline. The white chalk minerals had been formed in the Late Cretaceous epoch 100 million years ago, when the cliff was underneath the sea water. During the Cenozoic Era, the chalk cliff uplifted. When the Ice Age ended, the ice sheet melted down and cut through the chalk cliff forming the 500 feet high Sussex coastline and the England Channel waterway that separated the landmass from the modern day country of France.
"The western lands held flat, swampy waters. The northern view comprised thick forest of elms, oaks, and beech trees. The eastern side displayed low marshlands. The Sussex territory comprised 1,461 square miles with 75 miles long going from east to west and 25 miles wide going north to south. The southwestern landscape held fertile soil on the flat coastal plan. The highest high land peaks included Blackdown Hill at 919 feet high and Ditchling Beacon hill at 813 feet tall. River Medway is the longest river flowing through the landscape at 70 miles. River Arun is 37 miles long.
"The earliest hominids were called Homo heidelbergensis, who started gathering food and living off the land 500,000 years ago."
Folsom frowned. "Wait! You told us that the island of Atlantis, which is your original homeland, was created in 300,000 B.C."
Wray nodded with a stern face. "I do not want to mislead you, Folsom. The earliest gods and goddesses had been birthed in 300,000 B.C. and then their baby gods and goddesses followed through the ancient times. Before the gang of beautiful supernatural gods and goddesses, there were the herds of tall dinosaurs, hordes of cave-dwelling hominids, and scattered patches of ugly, problem-solving Neanderthals. In the year 60,000 B.C., the ice sheet over the North Sea melted, flooding the landscape, creating the English Channel and cut off the landmass from the modern day country of France.
"In the year 33,000 B.C., Neanderthal tribes occupied the Sussex landscape hunting game, such like, mammoth elephants and woolly rhinoceros. Once the Neanderthals died out or died from exhaustion chasing around those massive beasts, a new group of Homo sapiens, in the year 12,000 B.C., stumbled a set of naked bone toes over pieces of sharp flint rock. Then a second smarter Homo sapiens grabbed the rock and started digging in the moist dirt, grunting out an idea of growing their food from the tiny seeds.
"The landscape of Sussex offers rich earth elements, comprising of flint, iron ore, woodlands timbers, wind power, marble, and shale gas. In the year 4500 B.C., modern day named Church Hill, within the city of Findon, was used to mine flint rock, which was used to cut down trees for agriculture farmland. This is one of the oldest mines in the country of England. The ancient and modern day city of Findon is located four miles north from the modern day city of Worthing. The geographical landscape is sloped between Cissbury Hill on the eastern side and the steep knoll Church Hill on the western side.
"In the year 75 B.C., the Sussex landscape was ruled by the Atrebates tribe, a mixture of Celtic and German descendents. Roman General Julius Caesar showed up and conquered the land for the Roman Republic in the year 55 B.C. leaving tribal King Commius in charge, until his death in 20 A.D. Then, his line of royal children took over the kingdom. 
"In the year 1 A.D., at the location of the modern day city Silchester, the ancient Atrebates campsite or capital, if I can use that sophisticated term for a gang of barbarians, resided.
Folsom nodded with laughter. "I remember. I remember. We landed down on bottom of the cliff face in the rocks, except for Cox and Perry. They landed down in the sea waters, for fun. Our mom and dad landed on top of the cliff. We jumped up really high and then landed down top of the wet and chalky dirt. The daylight sunrays were scattered within the foggy white tinted mist and low clouds that invaded the landscape hiding the true view. We stripped out our clothes and went wild running around the barren cliff surface with turfs of short wet grass blades. Once the adults had sensed the location was clear of aliens and half-aliens, me and my brave brothers took off exploring the eastern side of Sussex landscape. East of Beachy Head, there was marshlands which was flooded by the sea waters. We dashed through the marshlands and then raced across the raising landscape, running into thousands of sheep, the gigantic woolly sheep. Then we ran into more cliffs and then ran into mosquitoes. I remember. We hit swarms of mosquitoes. However, the mosquitoes didn't really bother us or the sheep, thou."
Wray nodded with a smile. "Even today, the Romney Marsh contains more marshlands than humans.  There are one hundred square miles of flat, wet marshlands and 2,300 humans. The mosquitoes like the warm weather. We had arrived in the month of June. The mosquitoes arrived, right before us. In the year 1564, marsh fever hit the human population in the territory of Romney resulting in high fevers that led to massive deaths, until the year 1730s. Before the mosquitoes, the Black Death hit the rural communities in the year 1348. Most of the villages were decimated and then the survivors moved away to other places."
Perry laughed. "Yeah, I remember living in Sussex and exploring the marshlands. We outrun the swarms of mosquitoes and swam across each one of the narrow river channels and then stopped in front of the wall of reefs, seeing numerous gray tinted air-breathing snails. Then, we made a set of small wooden cages from the reefs and captured each one, bringing them back to the campsite. Your Auntie Zuly was so delighted with giggles and created a small campfire  and whipped out her cooking pan from her cloth bag, stir-frying all of these poor innocent snails with wild onions and wild parsley for our first dinner meal on top of the Beachy Hill cliffs."
Folsom nodded. "The next day, we went out and explored the northern geographical landscape from Beachy Hill. Heavy forested trees, bushes, and plants that covered 85 miles going west to east and then 30 miles going north to south. We rolled down each hilltop into the sandstone outcrop with small streams of fresh water. Then we followed the stream of fresh water and found a steep-side ravine, climbing the side and landed back on top of the wooded hill, scaring the doe and buck deer. There were herds of deer. We chased after the deer for fun. Then some of the bigger, meaner bucks with big, huge, pointy twelve anglers on its bone skull spun around and then snored with fury, chasing after us. We screamed with alarm and left the herd of deer alone. We went back to the campsite and told our dad about the herds of deer and then we had deer meat for dinner that night."
Axson laughed. "The next day, we explored the western side of Beachy Hill. Below the high chalk-covered cliffs and below the grassy hills, the flat land was hard sandstone field or wet sticky brown clay, without a sign of humans. We slowly passed grazing herds of cattle, oxen, meeting several wild pigs, and a herd of wilder horses. We raced after the horses mostly scaring them into running away from us and then we kept running easterly, finding crop fields of wild grains. We gathered the grains for another suppertime meal. While we were gathering the precious new commodity, a group of young boys yelled at us and then chased after us. We disappeared into the woodlands with the stolen grains and then showed up back at the campsite, tattling about our new friends. Then our dad and all of our uncles went back to the lowland and greeted the human natives."
Folsom nodded with a smile. "I still remember that weird and royal introduction party. On the northeast and southwest side of the encampment, scattered round-shaped houses in stones, drinking water wells, and shallow cooking pits occupied the landscape. A wide flat street of dirt separated the heart of the smelly encampment with a few rubbish pits on the opposite side. We stopped and sat down in front of a stone wall on top of the dead, dried animal skins and was handed a plate of food. The Britons ate with their fingers and grunted sounds with their tongues.
Wray nodded with a stern face. "The queen and king both wore an iron and copper brooch that held a ratty cape over each one of their smelly bodies. Too bad, the Romans had not installed a ritual of bath time for the barbarians. Now, I understand why Marc Antony always send an envoy instead of appearing in person. Anyways, we were nicely greeted and then nicely fed with oysters, cooked fish, fruit slices, and mugs of warm wine. The bread stuff was dipped in olive oil. Olive oil was imported from Rome. So, Romans did not reside in Calleva but instead continued to send a set of Roman gifts while appeasing the gang of wild barbarians. Honestly, I was not involved in warfare during my life in Greece and Alexandria. But I can understand the need to conquer and then control all of the barbarian humans that reside here on the planet."
Perry frowned. "Isn't that why all the gods and goddesses are here, today, Auntie Wray?"
She smiled. "Precisely! Back at Calleva campsite, we enjoyed the feast, the king, and the atmosphere. No Roman soldiers resided at the encampment or any of the surrounding woodlands. When the queen discovered your mother was pregnant, she invited your parents to stay in one of the stone buildings. Your brother Zack was birthed on June 16th. Your father was so happy and emerged from the stone shack, tossing both of his hands in the air, shouting out loud, 'This is Sussex Day, the sixteenth of June in celebration of my newborn son'. The other happy human natives danced and cheered with our father and all of the natives. After that day, the sixteenth of June was called, Sussex Day, and the human settlers celebrated giving baby Zack a birthday party every year, until he was a pre-teenager. I found the landscape of Sussex peaceful in harmony with nature. We stayed for decades and decades. In the year 1 A.D., at the location of the modern day city Silchester, the ancient Atrebates campsite or capital, if I can use that sophisticated term for a gang of barbarians, resided. Why we stayed so long is beyond my neurons?"
"I know why." Perry laughed.
"I know why, too." Axson chuckled.
"I know why, three. " Folsom laughed.
Wray nodded with a smile. "We stayed until the Roman army invaded and then conquered the Sussex lands and natives, in the year 43 A.D."
 "No." Perry laughed.
"No, too." Axson chuckled.
"No, three." Folsom laughed.
"No!" Wary frowned.
Perry nodded. "We stayed for the beer."
"What beer?" She frowned.
Axson laughed. "The stolen grains from the open crop fields were barley oats. When our dad and our six uncles followed us back through the woodlands and passed the field of barley, they rejoiced with delight. They plucked off the barley oats and started to brew warm beer. They finished the brewing process and told the warm beer to the human natives. We stayed all night long. Don't you remember that, Auntie Wary?" She nodded in silence. "Sussex landscape contained grape vines, apple trees, and miles of cereal crop fields. The humans used the grains and oats for food stuff. However, our dad and our six uncles showed the humans how to make apple cider, wine, and beer."
She laughed with a nod. "In the year 55 B.C., King Commius ruled over the Sussex kingdom and before 20 B.C., he birthed four sons. His first son Commius took over the duties of royal-ship in the year 20 B.C. In the year 25 B.C. his first son Commius and his second son Tincomarus ruled the Sussex kingdom together until first son died. Then Tincomarus ruled the northern part of Sussex and his third brother Eppillus ruled the southern part until 7 A.D. In the year 15 A.D., Eppillus was succeeded by his last brother Verica. Eppillus ruled the eastern side of Sussex. The kingdom under King Verica was attacked by another tribe and fell to his enemies. King Verica counterattacked and took back some of his lands but in the year 35 A.D. By the year 40 A.D., King Verica had lost his kingdom, his lands and his freedom, fleeing his home village of Callus, traveling to Rome, and tattling the conquest to the Emperor Claudius, who sent in the Roman army and squashed the enemies, giving the new Roman lands to Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus, Verica's son. Thus, the land of Sussex became a new Roman province."
Axson frowned. "Yeah, we all know that factual information."
She nodded. "We, as a family unit, had not stayed with the Celtic clan during our long visitation there in the Sussex territory. We were worried they might notice differences in our adults, who did not grow older, after the age of eighteen years old. Plus, we used our supernatural powers to maintain proper shelter, delicious food meals while planting vegetables, and capturing wild animals, without weapons, of course. We lived off the land and took what we needed to sustain our lives. For your creative visualization within your active mind while sitting here inside the smelly movie theater, I will use the current human nouns of names and places. In the middle of the Sussex landscape, on a clear starry, humid night, not a misty cloudy film that usually drifted from the England Channel. We have decided to build a campsite on top of Beachy Hill enjoying the cool weather and wet mist at night and the bright heated temperatures during the daylight hours. We had met and greeted the humans establishing some new friends and worked with them, showing them agriculture techniques and building shelter techniques. It was five days and nights later around one in the morning. We were all resting on top of the manicured grassy surface of Beachy Head cliff in deep slumber and covered by the tent of white tinted mist. I was awake, listening to the ocean waves splash against the heaps of hard rocks, slimy brown colored mud on top of the tiny shoreline. Since the cliff face is made of chalk, the rough wave actions slams into the solid chalk cliff and then forces an individual set of small and large slabs of chalk to break off the cliff face, landing down, colliding into the water surface. I was hearing some of the slabs peel off and then splashed down into the water. Then my two goddess eardrums stated to buzz with a very loud, shrieking noise, where I covered my two eardrums and slowly turned and studied my immediate environment without seeing a gang of intruders. My single eyeball turned and stared in the far distance into the outer space skyline. Some of the twinkling stars started to wiggle and then expanded into large rings of bright light. Your mother did not speak out loud with her human tongue, but loudly talked with her telepathic into each active god and goddess mind: Do not move!
"I obeyed her words and continued to stare at the six rings of bright light with puzzlement and confusion and a little fear. Even though, I was a earth goddess. I have never left the planet but only stared at the outer space stars, not wishing to leave my home world either. The six rings of bright light came closer and revealed a smooth disc-shaped object that was surrounded with a row of continuous white light that did not blink on and then off. Each disc-shaped object was obvious to my two eyeballs and my active neurons: outer space starship of aliens."
"What!" Axson gasped in alert.
"What!" Perry gasped in alarm also.
"What!" Folsom gasped in shock too.
She nodded with a smile. "Hmm! You must be deaf. I say: outer space starships of aliens."
Folsom slapped his chest with puzzlement. "Where was I?"
Axson frowned. "Why didn't I see the outer space starships from the aliens?"
Perry growled. "Why were the aliens here on Planet Earth? What did they want from the humans?"
She nodded with a stern face. "Each one of us was thinking all of these questions and more. At one o'clock in the morning, on top of Beachy Hill, within a white mist, my eyeballs could see six space ships that decreased speed and paced through the air waves, stirring up hurricane winds in the air currents. I had to use my goddess powers on my grounded body, without blowing off the cliff surface, into the woodlands or down into the English Channel waters into my death. A god and a goddess is an immortal creature but can be killed from any man-made of natural object or weather pattern. In the skyline, the six starships formed a diamond-shaped pattern in the dark night sky and slowly glided over the landscape flying 10,000 feet above the dirt, trees, plants, and us. At a height of 10,000 feet, every object on the ground would resemble a tiny ant from the alien ship, unless we had lit a small or large fireball. We lived with the humans and acted like the humans. We did not want any attention drawn from the half-alien population that was swiftly invading the countries of Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Middle East.  My goddess senses knew instantly each starship contained rooms of outer space aliens. However, the aliens did not see us as a threat or did not see us on top of the cliff surface, maybe, thinking we were some of the scattered primitive dumb humans that lived throughout the vast landscape.
"After the last outer space starship had paced five miles from our camp site, you father was the first to stand upright from the short grass and spun around using his two god talented eyeballs, following the fleet of six starships that flew northwestern from our small grassy encampment. He immediately performed a god dash and followed the alien starship along with his six uncles and me. Your mother stayed with baby Zack along with my two sisters. You, three were sound asleep with Nelson on top of the grass snoring loud enough to wake the dead bones. I followed behind the back spine on your father and your six uncles leaping up from the grass, flying over the lush woodlands and then landed down over one hundred miles from Beachy Head. If you take a human train, the land trip is four hours and six minutes. If you take a human bus, the land trip is six hours and twenty minutes. If you take an automobile, the land trip is two hours and six minutes. If you fly like a goddess, the air trip is six minutes and two seconds. We parked down inside a thicket of lush woodlands scaring some of the sleeping birds and wildlife, without bothering the outer space ship.
"Durrington village was over one hundred miles from our small encampment on top of Beachy Hill. Honestly, we had bothered to advance pass the highlands with northern hilltops of 919 feet high. Back inside the lust forestland, I watched the fleet of six outer space starships slowly fly over the land and away from me. Then, I looked down and gasped in shock along with your father and his brothers.  The last outer space starship halted in the air waves and hovered a gleaming bank of white tinted chalk. The bank extended 32 yards wide with a stone wall posed three feet height over the green tinted grass. Inside the three foot wall, a 41 foot wide entrance wall, without a door, stood on the northwest side and also on the southeastern side. The southeastern entrance opening wall stood 109 yards from River Avon, such like, a grassy pathway towards the fresh water for drink or bathe or swimming fun. Falling down from the 32 feet bank, a deep ditch of quarried chalk stone had been dug that measured 568 feet going north to south and then 492 feet heading east to west. The white tinted chalk contained 100,000 tons of stone which would have required one million man hours of slaves to create this beautiful monument that gleamed in the bright moonlight against the dark colored grass.
"The starship slowly dropped down and landed behind the wall, exposing nothing. There wasn't any sound or lights either. The ship's circular diameter fix perfectly inside the stone wall covering the massive metal beast from a pair of human eyeballs, not a pair of goddess eyeballs.  On the southern side at 66 yards from the enclosed Durrington walls, a large circle of standing timber posts stood tall and slightly apart. During the daylight hours, the posts were ugly and tall and plain that showed cut trees embedded down in the dirt. Now, each post held an object. Some of the objects were pigs, sheep, deer, horses, oxen, cows, and metal pails of rocks. Each mammal was alive and screaming with its natural voice in fear, fright, shock, angry, worry, and fury.
"Inside the southeastern open archway, a dry, short humanoid in the color of dull gray, with a tear-shaped head, a pair of large, almond-shaped eyeballs, a tiny pair of lips appeared. No ear points or earlobes or one or two nose holes on the bland face. The body was super-skinny, almost a skeleton-frame with two extremely long arms and legs. The rest of the body resembled a skinny, starving child.
"The first gray tinted alien led and left the open archway marching in a straight line to the south towards the Woodhenge exhibition of short, straight individual chopped off rounded lumber posts and then each alien split apart, moving to one of the timber columns and then stopped, without speaking, examining the mammal. Each mammal was tied onto the post without using metal nails or handcuffs, only dull glowing ropes.
"The Neolithic Era was known as the Stone Age, which began in year 12,000 B.C. The time period introduced humans to agriculture farming of food crops, including wheat, millet, spelt, and corralling dogs for food and work and herds of sheep, goats, cows, and pigs for food and clothing.
"Here at the human-named Durrington Walls, a long house had been built outside the circular wall, such like, a village of humans resided here. Honestly, in the year 17 B.C., the gang of humans are primitive in speech patterns, much less, in active mind thoughts. So, any human visitor would see a village setting and then leave the location, without causing harm or getting harmed. 
"On the eastern side of the short gleaming chalk-coated three foot Durrington Walls and the long house, the Avon River flowed in silence. On each side of the house, crop fields of cereals were cultivating, including wild barley and wheat wild. On the northern side of the Durrington Walls and the long house, an ancient flint mine stood.
"Back inside the lush forestland, your father, your uncles, and I continued to spy in silence. Each tiny gray tinted alien snatched up the glowing ropes and escorted the crying mammal from the henge of upright wooden posts, moving the mammal across the grassy field and then disappeared behind the wall. Using my goddess eyeballs, there was an underground passage built below the ditch that led down into the underground cavern. Each mammal was escorted into the belly of the metal beast and then disappeared. The other aliens gathered up a metal pail of rocks beside the wooden pole. But my goddess senses indicated that these chunks of rocks represented flint, marble, and chalk. Each alien marched with the pail of earth rock minerals and then disappeared also back into the outer space ship. A few minutes later, a new alien appeared in the northwest opening archway leading a line of straight line of short, gray tinted aliens. I could not tell if they were the same group of aliens. Anyways, the line of aliens marched ahead with empty pails without chunk of rocks. I used my goddess power and advanced over the landscape, spotting an ancient flint mine. However, the line of aliens also turned and marched towards the southern direction where more ancient flint and marble mines were located.
"All of the flint mines at Harrow Hill in the village of Patching, the Blackpatch Hill in the village of Clapham, and the Church Hill in the village of Findon, all the mines started operations in the year 4250 B.C. Some of the shafts went down 75 feet below the earth surface. These ancient mines contained 100 to 200 to 270 mineshafts making the ancient country of England the second largest in ancient mine operations throughout the ancient world. Inside some of the cave walls, engraved drawings of bulls and deer does was found.
"Back at the Durrington Walls and the fake village, a rough and raw piece of flint rock is cut and then used as an axe, a scraper, an arrowhead, and types of ancient weapons for the ancient peoples. But, I wondered what the aliens were doing or using or abusing the flint rocks for some purpose, maybe for their outer space ship.
"Back at the Durrington Walls and the fake village, a new line of aliens appeared coming out from the forestlands in the south and from the northern direction blending into the dark night, slowly moving towards back to the hidden outer space starship and toted a new metal pail of rock chunks. I could hear the clanks with my two goddess eardrums. The aliens clicked back and forth to each other as a form of communications that sounded like Earth bird chirps. Each one handed off an electronic device in silver metal to each new alien. So, the outer space aliens were robbing Planet Earth of her earth minerals. I was angry and mad like your father also. Once the old lines of aliens returned back into the outer space ship while the new lines of aliens went to work inside the underground ancient mineral mines during the early hours of a new morning. Once the working aliens entered the outer space starship, the ship fired up without sound or lights and left the deep ditch and chalk-coated bank. We were shocked and then watched some more. The other five outer space starships hovered in the air waves and then slowly flew towards the northeast following the fresh water River Avon. Once the craft was away from us, we followed the ship and flew low through the woods, and over the river water disguising our bodies. The outer space starship flew two and one-half miles to the Stonehenge monument stones and then stopped, hovering the opening of the stones. Now, this is the first time that your father, your uncles, and I had been the Stonehenge monument. We stopped and hid inside the woodlands again without the alien ship mates seeing us. But the gigantic stones almost touched the skyline and as each stone sung out loud with cheery musical notes that bombarded my eardrums. But I am a goddess that can reflect off any dangerous or deadly or annoying noise. However, I turned and quickly scanned the human settlements. Each human was hearing the beautiful musical notes and was deeply asleep or fell down into a steady slumber. I returned back and viewed the belly of the beast, seeing a dull light. Then individual objects slowly dropped down which was dead animals, not alive but mutated beyond the original mammal design from the Prime Creator. Each dead mammal gently landed on top of each one of the flat gigantic stone with the lovely vibrating stones, like magic. Then each mutated mammal quickly was split apart by the atoms, scattering the bones, the blood, the organs, the animal skin into tiny piles of colorful dust, which decimated the dead mammal into nothingness. So, these gray tinted aliens were collecting Earth animals and studying each mammal while tormenting and then murdering it. The Stonehenge stone monument was an atom splitting alien device that pulverized the skin, the bones, the dried blood, and all of the organs, where a smart human could find one of the dead Earth animals. I was so angry and furious wanting to attack and kill the entire ship of aliens, right then and right now. However, your father reacted with calmness and stopped all of us from attacking and then killing each alien life form. Each dead mammal was dusted down into nothingness. When the alien crew members stopped the disgusting funeral event, the  musical notes ceased. Then the last outer space starship left the planet and flew back  into the night sky. We figured out the first starship started the musical tones as it was destroying the earthly evidence. We immediately left the Stonehenge stone monument and returned back to our small encampment, explaining to your mother and my two sisters the terrible news. We decided to stay there at Calleva. We liked the humans. We loved the flat chalk cliffs. We felt home here. And we were not worried about the alien invasion. The aliens were not invading. They were stealing. When a thief steals an object, do not interfere with the nasty action, then you will not become harmed. So, we decided to follow that axiom.
"I would like to point out here. Based on the human world history textbooks, the village of Durrington was not occupied with a group of humans, until the year 1377 A.D. and housed only 139 people, which was interesting to my goddess neurons. Because, the years after 1377 A.D., the population remained steady at 139 persons or less and then increased by 12 people from the time periods of 1801 to 1901 A.D."
"Wow!" Folsom gasped with shock.
"Whoa!" Axson nodded with a smile.
"Whatever!" Perry frowned with a sour frown.
She nodded with a stern face. "This tiny increase in people population was due to the visiting outer space starships of stealing aliens. The gray tinted aliens started stealing the humans from the surrounding homestead settlements in the year 1 A.D. There was great fighting among the humans also contributing to missing kinfolks by the alien starships. So, that was the time and year in which we all immediately left the human settlement of Calleva and flew away in the late night hours, before the next arrival of outer space starships of aliens, landing down in the village of Carnuntum.
"The village of Carnuntum was a Roman military site on the river of Danube, twenty-five miles in the south direction from modern-day Vienna, within the modern country of Germany. The Roman army had arrived in the year 15 B.C. and set up a campsite with barracks for the soldiers under the reign of Augustus Caesar. By the year 1 A.D., the small settlement consisted of a military training site and a row of bigger residences for the Roman generals. The Roman village featured hot summers and cold winters near the Danube River."
Folsom frowned. "Why did we fly here to Carnuntum? I don't understand our purpose."
"White wine!" She giggled with a smirk.
"What about white wine? What does that represent?" Perry frowned.
She laughed. "The last settlement at Calleva held contained barley for beer and grapes for wine, but the grapes were red tinted. Here, in the village Carnuntum, the gang of Roman soldiers were always happy and pleasant due to their experimental novice wine-making procedures, since the year 13 B.C., and did not complete the planned amphitheater or a palace place. Clusters of ripen grapes stood upright among the clear pale blue skyline on an individual letter T-shaped pole that was draped in individual red or white colors posing in delicious beauty several feet away from the river waters on the side of the mountain. The wine region had stretched from the modern day city of Vienna in the west towards the east to the border of modern day Slovak Republic. The man-made vines of grapes had been spread over three mountain landscapes south of Danube River including the Leitha Range, Arbesthal Foothills, and the Hainburg mountain range. There, the land soil still contains dense loan and sandy gravel for growing wild or tamed grapes. For vines of grapes to grown and ripen into fabulous a bottle of chilled wines, the posts of grapes are grown near the river's edge, where the tall mountain face shelters the precious fruits. The river moderates the air temperature for each grape vine. Each steep hilltop soil contains slate minerals absorbing the heat from the solar sun, retaining the heat overnight keeping the grapes growing. Each slope faces south that angles towards the solar sunrays. We stayed and enjoyed ourselves with the drunken Romans, who did not even know our persons, only enjoyed the fermented grapes. Then, we left in the year 6 A.D., after your father had a prediction. Emperor Augustus Caesar had ordered a Roman legion to the weak military settlement Carnuntum for a new military battle fight with the Germanic Quadi in the ancient city of Bohemia, which was cancelled without blood-shed or warfare, thus the massive legionaries used their muscle, brains, and weapons to control the Amber Route from the Baltic Sea to the modern country of Italy, steering luxury merchandise back to the city of Rome. Then we jumped ..."
"Why are you giving us an ancient history lesson, Auntie Wray?" Axson nodded. " I was there and saw it all there. Cox was 30 years. Perry was 28 years old. I was 26 years old. Nelson was 24 years old. Hudson was 22 years old. Zack was 20 years old."
She winked with a smile at Axson. "Well, yes, I'm having some fun while reliving the past timeline, right here and right now as we are about to make a new future timeline for us and the humans. However, I do have some questions, before we close the past foreverly. First question, what happened to you, Folsom? In the year..."
" ...1492." Axson laughed with a nod. "I was with Christopher Columbus. He was ..."
" ....a half-alien species ..."
" ... an Italian explorer and a true human." Axson nodded. "Our mom had sent me into the Spanish palace hunting down all of the half-aliens and exterminating them. It was easier back then. I accused the alien of a crime and then the true humans would beat up the alien or kill the alien for me. Then my task became more difficult. Anyways, we all had discovered that each and every royal prince, princess, king and queen was a half-alien."
"That doesn't make any sense, Axson!" Folsom frowned. "A half-alien species king is married to a half-alien species queen and produces a one-fourth alien species prince or princess."
That is not correct. The half-alien species king becomes married to a true alien, in human form, and produces a three-fourth alien species. Then the three-fourth alien species marries a true human or another half-alien species female that produces a half-alien species prince or princess. All of the royal lines are all messed up like that example. I'm telling all of you the truth here. Every single royal king, queen, prince, and princess is no less than a half-alien species that invades, holds, keeps, maintains, and conquests the royal theater. No royal prince or princess or king or queen is a human, only an alien, since Sumer nation in the year 6000 B.C. Don't you remember our primary assignment? Mom and Dad told each one of us to locate, follow, and then terminate any and all aliens, including the ones that hold only one-quarter or less alien genes." Each head nodded up and down several times in silence.
Axson continued. "I had been assigned the city of Lisbon within the country of Spain. I was hanging around the palace throne room flirting with both the cute and ugly girls while spying on each alien. A group of musicians were playing some very bad jazz music in the far corner. The slaves were either eating the food items or individually mouth spitting on the food time, before presenting to each guest. The guests occupied pallets on the floor or thick pads on the furniture pieces. Some of the girls were dancing in the middle of the throne room, while the king nodded and giggled at each cute young female. The queen was licking her lips at the group of sitting children, who entertained her with soft giggles and cute songs. Through the middle of the fun activities, a tall, lean male with shoulder-length gray hair scooted through the crowd, stopped, and bowed before the podium with the king and queen of Spain. He introduced his person and asked his request again. 
"Chris had explained yet again. For centuries, the Silk Road highway had provided a safe land pathway on horses and camels for gangs of merchants coming from the modern day countries of England, France, Spain, Middle East, Africa to the country of China, exchanging merchandise for silk fabric and spices. After the fall of Constantinople to the Turks, the land highway to Asia was very dangerous and deadly for both man and beast. So, ship sailors provided a new method of reaching Asia by sailing the seas.
"The month was May, the first in the year 1486, Chris also had stood in front of the Spanish king and queen five years in a row the first of each month and then had been denied each and every time. However, the particular day was different for Chris and me. Queen Isabella used her riches and advanced monies to Chris for his sailors and ships. Well, I left the Spanish palace and found our parents, tattling the new data. Dad told me to go along the long sea trip and act like one of the sea sailors.  Actually, our mom instructed me to go to each local sea wafer and sea tavern first and kill each one of the alien species second. So, I  completed my first task getting rid of hundreds of alien species. All of the sea mates on the three sea ships named Pinto, Santa Maria, and the Nina were true humans. I had some great fun and eliminated thousands of alien breeds during the years 1486 through 1492. On the evening of August, the third, in the year 1492, we set sail for across the Atlantic Ocean for five weeks. And Chris was the first human to sail on a human ship, not an outer space starship. and land down on the soil in present day Caribbean island creating the first European colony for the aliens, not the Americas."
Perry frowned. "Every god and goddess knows that ancient historical information. Some of that that true information is printed all of the ancient history textbooks for both the humans and the aliens to study and learn and admire and whatever."
He nodded. "Well, no one knows this tidbit of information. Our dad had told me not to let Chris land on the New World of North America."
What!" Wray gasped in shock.
"Wow!" Folsom nodded.
"Why not?" Perry frowned.
Axson winked. "Our dad had one of his future predictions as a gifted seventh son. Christopher Columbus would successful sail his three sea ships across the Atlantic Ocean and reach the beaches on North America. However, I was there to stop Chris."
"What!" Wray gasped in shock.
"Wow!" Folsom nodded.
"What for?" Perry frowned.
Axson laughed. "For five long, boring weeks in the cool air and harsh sunlight, I spotted the landmass first."
"Why were we not allowed to travel by god flight over the Atlantic Ocean? By the year 1492, we had been educated about the worldly sphere but we were not allowed to travel beyond Europe, Asia or Russia or Africa. Why is that?" Perry frowned.
Wray nodded with a smirk. "Well, the pantheon did not know about your god existence. We left Alexandria before her mother birthed Cox. We were still a little fearful of that shared information. We didn't know how the rest of the barren goddess and angry gods felt about another happy god couple having children. So, we still restricted our presence within local key places. Even after, centuries of days, hours, and minutes, I would easier recognized Zeus or Hera or Ares or Athene without seconds from their face."
Folsom nodded. "I have the answer to that question too. On October 12th, in the year 1492, at two in the afternoon, on top of the sailing sea ship Pinta's lookout station, I, as Juan Rodriguez Bermeo, spotted the new landmass and cheered with delight, ending out a lighted blast that alerted the human crew mates and Captain Chris. We docked the ship in deep waters and took a rowboat to the shoreline of present day San Salvador Island, meeting the dark skinned human natives, who were peaceful and friendly. Then Chris started to kidnap the natives and forced them to take him to the gold mines. Well, there are no any gold mines in the Caribbean ocean islands. So I had subtlety intervened and tried to keep the humans from killing each other again without any alien interference. Chris was under heavy intense pressure to find gold or silk or spices or luxury goodies from the new lands for the Queen Isabella. However, Chris found more natives and no more gold and started the Atlantic Ocean slave wars as told by ancient world and American history textbooks. We sailed back in the month of December in the year 1492 and landed back in the month of January in the country of Spain, in the year1493. I immediately reported my findings back to our parents. Our dad ordered all of us to scout each sea wafer and tavern as the gang of nasty aliens could not fly across the sea waters and were not interested in sailing a ship, only entertaining the humans, if you know what I mean," he lifted both of his hairy eyebrows and laughed with his two brothers. Axson exhaled. "Anyways, after that historical moment in ancient time, we ensured that each sailing vessel only housed humans, not a single alien breed."
Wray nodded with a smile. "That answers one of my numerous questions. In the year 1620 A.D., we abandoned the town of London along with the other frustrated humans and boarded a sea-faring ship called the Mayflower. We all decided to come to the New World. Actually, we almost did not make to the New World. The boat started taking on water. A god or a goddess can swim and fight against the aquatic life in the ocean waters, but it is frowned up by the Prime Creator. And we cannot ever harm a human as it is against the universal law from the Prime Creator."
Perry sneered. "Wait! The aliens harm and then kill humans all the time."
"Yes, the race of nasty ill-breed, greedy, manipulating aliens do. But, the aliens work under a set of different rules which has been set by the Prime Creator. I am not prevue to that shared information. Back on the rocking Mayflower ship, ocean water was leaking from the sides of the wooden wall coming down into the dark galley with the rest of the poor human passengers."
Perry frowned. "You didn't have to help."
She sneered. "You didn't have to harm. Each one of us here inside this room is a god and a goddess and each one of us has been created by the Prime Creator with rules. Number one, no harming the human. Anyways, we all felt that the sea ship would sink down into the vast ocean waters and the group of humans, without an ounce of nasty alien genes, would die by drowning or by a pod of hunger sharks. Thus, we would be held responsible with numerous human deaths. Each one of us decided to assist the boatload of humans. We scattered about the ship floor and quickly plugged each leaking holes with any and all materials available, saving the ship and our buttholes."
"Where was I?" Folsom frowned. "I don't recall that conversation down in that smelly hole with our family members and the other humans. I was birthed in the year 27 B.C., so I was only..."
"...eighteen years old, foreverly, like me and you and you and Cox and Zack and Nelson and Beck. We are all eighteen years old in god years and we are all over 2000 years old in Earth years, except for Beck. Beck is really only eighteen years old, this year." Axson laughed with Perry.  "That rocking ship docked in the deep water off a coastline with rows of wild plant bushes and naked tall trees, on November, the eleventh, in the year 1620, the freaking wintertime here in the present day Massachusetts. Back then, everyone called it land, except for that cute human young boy, who vomited over the pretty golden sand in front of the groves of naked trees and low-lying winter plants. Later, the group of humans named the barren sandy land spot, Provincetown, on the island of modern day Cape Cod."
Wray turned and stared at each face. "Then some smart-hole curved the year 1620 into a semi-flat stone pebble that scared each one of the pilgrims."
Folsom lifted his palm and laughed out loud with a bright smile. "I did it!"
Perry gasped in shock. "What!"
Axson smiled. "How and when did you did it, Folsom?"
Folsom slapped his chest with a smile and a nod. "I did in the year 1620, right after we walked off that stinky over-crowded ship. I was wandering around in my bare feet on top of that rocky beach splashing through the seashore waters bored out of my mind and tripped over that smooth rock and then stopped. I squatted down and used my finger pad, curving the numbers in the rock with my god powers. Honestly, I really didn't know if anyone would bother to look at it, much like admire and love it too."
Perry exhaled with annoyance. "Every person noticed it. Then the entire world took notice of a semi-flat rock with a perfectly sliced and diced set of our numbers 1620 smoothly eretched into the stone material.  How many times has one or both parents or one or both aunts and one or all of our uncles told you not to mess with Mother Nature or any of the man-made stuff, in case we are spotted or scouted or slain, dumb brother of mine?"
Axson smiled. "Well, our mom was not subtle, when she had developed and then assisted American woman Betsy Ross sew the first American flag before the outbreak of the 1776 American Revolutionary War.  During those olden days, we needed monies and places to live also. So, our mom took a working job, in the new city of Philadelphia, in the English colony of Pennsylvania, at a local upholstery business repairing uniforms, making tents, and blankets for the American soldiers.  Betsy Ross and her husband John Ross had been married for two years and then the war happened. John Ross was killed in the war. In the year 1776, in the month of warm June, Betsy and our mom were working inside the store. Continental Congressman, General George Washington, who was a neighbor and church member with Betsy, walked into her shop and presented a rough hand drawing of an American flag, requesting the product.
He said the color of red on the new flag represented valor and hardiness. The color of white signified purity and innocence and the color of blue presented vigilance, perseverance, and justice for all. He wanted symbols on the flag that displayed the stars which were taken from the twinkling night sky. He wanted the red color coming from the invading and approaching British red coats and the color of white represented the secession from their home country of England. Our mom and Betsy made that dang American flag with a circle of thirteen stars. And then the rest is history as they say," he laughed with his brothers.
Perry lifted his palm and nodded with a smile. "Well, I got a better ancient American tale that beats that one. During the War of 1812, we were residing in the District of Columbia, which is the female name for Columbus. We all were working jobs and Zack and I found ourselves inside the newly built building, which was called the White House. This was the first and foremost residential home for the President of the United States. Zack and I worked several different jobs, disguising our god features while helping out the humans and eliminating as many alien species as possible. And there were millions of alien species. In the year 1812, the world population totaled one billion individuals with 800,000,000 of the individuals hiding as a half or a quarter or less than a quarter alien species. The United States population was listed at 7,280,000 individuals. Human numbers totaled five million. Aliens make up the rest of the numbers. Great Britain humans and aliens numbered 12,000,000, mostly aliens, not humans either. No human really understood the war fight against the newly established United States of America, in the year 1812, but the aliens. They wanted to rule and run the world, so they decided to invade and then infiltrate the new territory, the United States of America. 
"We had held and then killed the line with any and all alien bodies, since the year 1620, when the Mayflower ship had landed with only a human crew and passengers. From that date forward, our god and goddesses had quickly killed each and every alien body that landed on top of the sandy soil starting at Plymouth Rock going down into the unexplored heated territory of modern day US State of Florida. However, that bloody war in April 1775 coming from numerous warships from the country of Great Britain, when the invading soldiers or aliens, pick one or the other, swam from the shoreline and started to attack each city in the United States. Some of the smarter aliens just hid in the brushes and waited around for the fighting to end. Then, the sneaky aliens just integrated into the surviving population becoming individual skilled laborers, mingling with the humans, creating more half alien species. 
"Back to business! In the month of heated August, on the date of 23rd, in the year 1812, at three in the afternoon, First Lady Dolley Madison was the wife of President James Madison and was sitting at her writing table in the library room, composing a letter to her sister while ordering me and Zack to take down the oil painting of first president George Washington, before the rows of semi-crooked Red Coats arrived at the capital of the United States of America. A couple of hired hands named Barker and Depeyster slowly unscrewed each one of those metal bolts from the wall, without releasing the mounted frame. Zack stopped working and broke the glass pane, removing the painted canvas of George Washington. We left with the painting and returned back to our family house in the city of New York. Dolley loaded into a carriage and headed out towards the US State of Virginia and met up with her family and her husband.
"The British red coats arrived, attacked, and burned down that beautiful White House, the construction format of the Capital Building, the Treasury building, and the other government structures, which was called the Burning of Washington. But, all of the capital buildings were rebuilt and completed standing tall for freedom since the year 1868. Now, that's an adventurous event from American's past."
Axson smiled. "Cox helped old man Benjamin Franklin out in a thunderstorm on June 15th, in the year 1752. Our brother was walking around in the rain looking for half-aliens when he saw Benjamin standing there and holding a piece of wire that was attached to a child's flying kite. Cox rushed over and pressed his hand onto the wet clothes while drying the wet clothes on Ben and then Cox shoved Ben underneath the veranda and asked what he was doing. Ben wanted to prove that electricity lived in the thunderstorm clouds. Cox nodded with understanding in silence and then they constructed a new kite without wire but a rope and launched the kite into the heavy winds towards the clouds. Once the kite touched the clouds, a set of yellow and red sparks flew from the clouds and hit the kite proving that a lightning bolt is electrical. We performed the experiment until all of kites were burned into ashes. And the rest is history, excluding our brother Cox, of course," he laughed with the others.  
Perry nodded. "Well, our dad was instrumental in forming a fall picnic, in the month of October, in the year 1621, which was called the First Thanksgiving, here in the New World. The food festival lasted for three days and included 90 Native American Indians, 53 Pilgrims providing days of prayer thanking Almighty God for blessings with military victory or ending the drought. The picnic tables included the food stuffs including cod and bass fish, wild turkey meat, venison meat, and Indian corn. Then the rest is history, again," he chuckled with his two brothers.
Folsom nodded with a smile. "And our clever and fun-loving brother Nelson also had a fun time in the past American history. He was dressed as one of the fake Native American Indians during the successful Boston Tea Party. This act was a political and protect by the Sons of Liberty in the city of Boston within the US State of Massachusetts which occurred in the month of December on the sixteenth, in the year 1773.
"The Tea Act executed on May, the tenth, in the same year forced the British East India company to sell teabags coming from the country of China in the American colonies while paying tea taxes. The American colonists were angry with the taxes of their teabags. So, at night, a group of people dressed in fake Native American Indians boarded the British docked sea ships and tossed the chests of teabags into the sea water with revenge which led to the American Revolutionary War. "
Wray nodded with a stern face. "During that nasty American Civil War that started in April 1861, each one of us secretly assisted hundreds of those poor slaves away from the Southern States into the numerous northern cities and towns. I am so proud of each one of my nephew gods and sister goddesses and brother gods for contributing and building this new country, the United States of America."
Inside the smelly movie theater, Folsom tossed both of his arms in the air and smiled, slapping both hands back down onto his legs laughing out loud. "I know everything now! All of my questions have been answered, except for the big one. "The burning question for each pair of human, alien, god and goddess eardrums: where is the half-species goddess Cleopatra and her half-species alien Marc Anthony buried, Auntie Wray?"
Wray grinned with a wink to Folsom. "No one will ever know or tell or tattle my deep, dark secret. That's another ancient truth." She laughed with her set of nephews.
Axson frowned. "I don't understand. We started out hiding from the aliens in the year 31 B.C. Then we started finding and killing the aliens in the year 1 A.D. Now, in the current year, we are going to battle and eliminate the rest of the aliens. Why now? What is different present day now from back then, in the year 1 A.D.?"
Wray growled. "Yes, your statements are so true, Folsom. We have hidden from both the aliens and the humans long enough. We were here first. We were born here first, before the human race also. Since the year 31 B.C., the gods and the goddesses had lost their ability to flourish and have stood in the dark shadows watching the humans, who exhibit more traits of hate, murder, and cheat with each other rather than love and kindness and mercy. So, the time had come for new direction and new leaders for the greedy, arrogant human race. We do not harm the humans like the nasty set of aliens from outer space planets. We are born to lead and to rule and to show the human race their pathway through enslavement, creating a world of obedience slaves that service us and our needs and make the planet better. We had sailed across the ocean waters, without the race of aliens, securing our place here. And here, we will stand against all of the aliens. Once the aliens are eliminated, the gods and goddesses from all the pantheons will rule each nasty sub-creature human, all hours of the day and night, especially the wealthier sub-creature humans. Let us see what progress and product the human slaves will create for the world and their new rulers," she laughed with her nephews.
Perry jabbed his finger at the projector screen. “I’m tired of practicing for the upcoming event. When are we implementing our brilliant plan for the upcoming event?”
 In front of the auditorium room, Cox stopped and slapped the stationary mist of swirling clouds, deleting the doomed airplane collision on the earth soil, spinning around and nodded to his brother Perry. “We are learning about our upcoming schedule event.”
On the same auditorium row, Axson frowned at the nose profile on his Aunt Wray. “Where is my youngest brother Beck at? Why is Beck not here with us here in the State of Oregon, but in the State of Alabama? Why does Beck not practice with us, during each one of our training sessions?”
Wray continued to sit and nodded back to her nephew. “Your youngest brother Beck is useless for the upcoming civil war with the others. The planet alignment drains and dulls his unique supernatural powers working against us and them. We shall carry on with the planned execution of each nasty alien-kind, without your baby brother. And, furthermore, Beck will be imprisoned and guarded by his biological father during the duration of the upcoming scheduled Syzygy event.” She continued to tapped her sandals on top of the hard floor underneath her gala gown feeling eager anticipation and arrogant victory with the upcoming scheduled historical cosmic outer space event.
In front of the room, Cox reached back with his arm and slapped his finger pad on the dark gigantic projector screen, making a loud pop sound that grabbed the attention of each god and goddess while creating a dull colorful picture that exhibited outer space stars and planets. He stood in silence and nodded to his grandmother Wray.
Wray shouted out loud from her lounge chair in the middle row to each goddess and god inside the movie theater. “Gods and goddesses, please, pay attention! This is your valuable lesson for the day. Cox is going to provide a clever visual demonstration, while I narrate the vocal information for your two eyeballs, two eardrums, and numerous neurons."
On top of the projector screen, outer space colorful planets appeared in the natural orbit within the Milky Way Galaxy universe first and then as she narrated the planets shifted around the screen like a Hollywood movie film for the audience of eager gods and goddesses.
Wray continued. "A heliocentric planetary alignment is defined as follows: when all or almost all of the outer space planets line on the same side of the solar sun within a ninety-six degrees of each other that is displayed brightly within the Planet Earth skyline and the formation is not really in a straight line over the cold North Pole as each one of the stupid humans believe. This natural scheduled outer space phenomenon occurs every 400 years which is rare for us, but not rare for the galaxy. The geo-centricity planets will form a perfect straight line within outer space in front of the solar sun. They will be super-imposed on top of each other and viewed by the naked eyeball in the skyline. The two gas planets of Jupiter and Saturn, which are the brightest and biggest worlds, will absorb all of the sunrays standing behind Planet Earth and then reflect the same band of sunrays directly down towards Planet Earth. Thus, the soil and the sky will glow lovely with a completely circle of bright pretty yellowish blinding light. Every pair of human eyeballs will either be sheltered from the bright sunray light or totally, clinically blinded, permanently, without normal eyesight.”
The row in front of Wray, the youthful woman was named Ima. She wore a designer brand pair of white tinted fashion high heeled sandals on top of the hard floor underneath her ankle-length amethyst colored satin gala gown measuring five feet and eleven inches in body height. She possessed a healthy complexion of dark cocoa tinted skin tone, without a single facial wrinkle, a pair of dark brown tinted irises, and a head of black tinted straight hair falling down her back spine. She did not display her pair of pale blue-colored eye frames on her face but exhibited pieces of blue tinted sapphire jewelry over her naked throat, both of her wrist bones, both of her earlobes, and each finger joint, both of her ankle bones, and a nose ring, and an eyebrow ring for fun. She appeared very youthful, like a seventeen year old teenager, not an elderly wrinkled-face, sagging skinned-tone, pale-tinted sixty year old aunt to her thirty year old-looking young nephew.
Ima was the aunt of Beck and nodded with a stern face at the colorful screen with a line of five colorful planets over Planet Earth. “The gravitational forces from each one of the visiting outer space planets will work at maximum pull. Giant ocean tides will alter all the weather patterns on the planet. There will be changes in wind pressure on each peak of every mountain summit consisting of intense sunlight heat that will melt off the snow caps up into plumes of water steam. Thus, all the weather phenomena will create a series of land earthquakes and tremendous loud thunderstorms with numerous bolts of lightning strikes for each human.”
Beside Ima, Nelson, another brother of Beck, dressed in a periwinkle purple tuxedo, a bowtie with a pattern of tiny snakes in aqua and tan on a solid white background and a pair of brown tinted flip-flops. He stared at the colorful screen with puzzlement. “Why aren’t the race of humans preparing for the heliocentricity planetary alignment?” He possessed a healthy complexion of dark cocoa tinted skin tone, without a single facial wrinkle, a pair of dark brown tinted irises, and a head of black tinted cropped hair. He did not display his pair of turquoise colored eye frames on his face and did not need his wheelchair either.
Beside Nelson, his biological mother wiggled in the lounge chair and wore a designer brand pair of red tinted fashion high heeled sandals on top of the hard floor underneath her ankle-length white tinted satin gala gown measuring five feet and eleven inches in body height. She possessed a healthy complexion of dark cocoa tinted skin tone, without a single facial wrinkle, a pair of dark brown tinted irises, and a head of black tinted straight hair falling down her back spine. She did not display her pair of pale blue-colored eye frames on her face but exhibited pieces of green tinted emerald jewelry over her naked throat, both of her wrist bones, both of her earlobes, and each finger joint, both of her ankle bones, and a nose ring, and an eyebrow ring for fun. She appeared very youthful, like a seventeen year old teenager, not an elderly wrinkled-face, sagging skinned-tone, pale-tinted sixty year old mother to her thirty year old-looking young son. She answered the question for each supernatural creature. “On May 14th, in the year 1607, the first settlers lived here in the America territory. The last heliocentricity planetary alignment occurred 390 years ago, on the date, in the month of March, on the 20th, during a fatal Native American Indian tribe attack on the poor English colony there in the first human town of Jamestown, within present-day US State of Virginia, inside the woodland American frontier. Half the residential colony died all blinded from the solar sunrays, except those lucky smarter Native American Indian humans, who had hidden inside a stick and mud tepee. The modern day American humans do not understand the power of us or the planetary alignment, while the smarter modern day Europeans are running ahead in a pair designer high and low heels inside their darkened wardrobe closets, right now. In the year 1622 A.D., there were 325 different land earthquakes rattling the dirt soil along with rolling booms of loud thunder, numerous bolts of yellow tinted lightning strikes and beams of blinding heat plus light …”
“The same exact scheduled weather pattern phenomena will occur on September 23th, this Monday evening, at seven o’clock. Everyone, please, remember that date and time! This is our time to rapidly start and then rapidly end the second Civil War with the nasty race of alien-kind, killing them all, riding our planet of the scum-bags.” Beck's mother stood upright from her chair on the same row with her sons and spun around, tossing her arms in the air and laughed out loud with the other gods and goddesses.
On the entrance wall, the ancient metal door in green hue became unlocked and then loudly slammed open against the weak plaster sheet of dull yellow tinted paint creating an imprint of a door hole, knocking off more of the plaster particles down on the tile floor. A tall, slender woman stood inside the archway, wearing a smile. Each god and goddess stood upright from the soft leather lounge chair and spun around while gasping at the infamous goddess.
The goddess female possessed parted hair down the middle of her bone skull, half in black hue; the other half in pure white color. Her body skin presented in dull red hue that contrasted her face that displayed one eyeball in dull gray color above the black colored hair strands and a bright green colored eyeball on the other side. She wore a tight one-piece golden lace jumpsuit with a pair of matching thigh-high boots, carrying a small handbag on her collar bone.
In the middle of the room, on the center row, god Axson sneered at the goddess female. “What is she doing here?"
The woman used her goddess voice and started to slowly pace down the sloped aisle, nodding with a smile to each god and goddess face. “I am teaching.”
In the middle of the room, god Perry sneered at the infamous goddess. “She is a Soul Crusher."
In front of the auditorium room, god Cox continued to stand and nodded to the goddess, whispering out loud with his god powers to the other gods and goddesses. “Tuesday evening is our time to defeat all of the aliens. We can’t falter in a failure of a missed sun-blessed blinding opportunity,” he chuckled with the others.
Wray continued to sit and whispered out loud using her goddess words to the others also. “Cox is correct. Please, teach us, Soul Crusher!”
The Soul Crusher stopped and nodded to Cox. He scooted over. She spun around and stood beside the mist of swirling clouds, whispering with her goddess powers to each face. “To defeat the entire race of aliens, you cannot, until you defeat their invisible body part, the soul. I have the ability to trap a living soul,” she whipped off her golden tinted handbag and held the leather purse near her smile. “Long ago, I had used a picnic basket. Today, I am blessed with the finer leather goods, a handbag. Before, I share my eternal secret of the god and goddess knowledge, your first task is the containment of the powerful Seventh Son, within the alien race. The eighteen year old male is named Garth Warfield. He is an exceptional individual with exceptional powers, without reaching his exceptional potential, just yet. His potential shall come and manifest on Tuesday afternoon during the same heliocentricity alignment with the five planets and against each alien, which is a personal revenge. You call this event, Syzygy or Five  Stars. You must capture and then contain Seventh Son alien Garth Warfield, within the Sphere of Motion,” she continued to hold the purse with one hand and turned to the mist. “Show me the tepee!”
The mist of swirling clouds wiggled side to side and then displayed a wooden tepee inside a thick forest landscape. The Soul Crusher smiled at the tepee and then returned back nodding to the audience. “O! I see a triangle of fun and adventure for all the human boys, usually, this particular object is decorated with dead animal skins and the severed scalpels for each dead alien for my naughty amusement. The object has been blessed with a life form, accidentally, of course. Structures, equipment, automobiles, and electronic items are not alive and do come alive with the pixie dust from any god or goddess. This human triangular tepee holds one or more humans, which is surrounded by natural earth elements, including the trees, the dirt soil, the bright sky, the heated sunlight, and the light wind. The earth elements provide a secondary protective shield around the human tepee. To contain an alien life form inside this human tepee, the gods and the goddesses will collect his own species, all alive alien souls, thus decorating the outer structure on the natural triangular shape with his similar energy forces, creating an alien force field. A god or goddess can’t accomplish this feat. The alien souls will both guard and protect Seventh Son alien Garth Warfield from all alien-kind, all human-kind, and all god-kind and goddess-kind.”
Perry frowned. “That defeats our god-purpose here, Soul Crusher!”
She nodded to Perry with a smirk. “That completes our first step, god male. The second step is destroying all of the other living aliens in one final swoop using our handbags, not our fists. Our intangible supernatural powers are slightly different but absolutely equal in every aspect, both chemically and biologically and physically. Once the alien is trapped within the charmed cow leather like a designer or non-designer handbag ..." she dropped the handbag on the floor and then stomped the bloated leather with her spiked heel. The smashed handbag screamed in pain and suffering as each god and goddesses covered their two sensitive supernatural eardrums. Then the handbag sizzled in a pile of yellow and red flames and then turned into dust. She looked up with a stern face to see the audience of gods and goddesses. “The handbag is destroyed along with the alien. The end!”
Cox nodded with a smile at the plume of drifting dust that once contained a captured alien inside a golden tinted shoulder handbag, “Easy procedure!”
She nodded. “The Soul Crusher process is a very elegantly simple. Open the mouth wide on the desired handbag then have the alien touch any part of the soft leather. Then, he or she is caught, captured, and contained. You may depose of the handbag in any nasty fashion suitable for your nasty personality. I caution here. The handbag must not be opened for any reason. Else, the alien will escape and then morph back into its original biological shell body, appearing humanoid, again, killing you with their alien powers. Does every god and goddess understand?”
Axson sneered, “Aliens can smell us, girl!”
She nodded with a smirk. “Yes, that is correct. You are a very astute, god-kind. The human bag is made from the hind of a cow or dried leather. A human smells the sweet slightly tart odor like an alien. To cover your god or goddess foul stench drifting into their two nose holes, you will spray the handbag leather with a spurt of girly perfume or manly cologne,” she pulled out a glass bottle of perfume from her pocket and held the item near her smile. “I will allow you to select your odor for your captive.” She dropped the bottle of perfume down on the floor as it gently landed on top of the dirty carpet and then she whipped out stacks of glossy magazines from her jumpsuit, ripping off individual pages, dropping down onto the floor. She stomped each page as a new leather item appeared on the floor. The Soul Crusher quickly destroyed the tall stack of colorful magazines, creating numerous piles of handbags, clutches, briefcases, man-purses, and coin purses, all in different colorful leather.
She did not move from the row of items in front of the projector screen and pointed down at each pile, “I present your new alien weapons! As you and I know, we are not magicians, wizards, witches, ghosts or vampires. We don’t materialize objects from ashes and dust. The objects, before your eyes are not specially designed. Any leather container will do as long as it shuts and zips out the air, wind, sun completely. And, do not touch the alien with one of your limbs or digits skimming his or her alien skin. When the alien touches the leather, he or she will be sucked into the silk lining inside the handbag and then you swiftly zip it shut. And, if you are very careless, then you will be, also.” She pointed at the tepee image on the projector screen. “The tepee must be completely covered with alien souls that number 4,000. We don’t have much time, before the start of the Syzygy event. Your immediate task is to find and trap the required alien souls in order to confine the Seventh Son from the alien-kind. We shall start, right here and right now.” She moved ahead with a smile and stopped, reaching out to the center chair, touching the black silky hair roots on a mature goddess that sat beside her mature goddess mother. “Would you become my first student, pet?”
The mature goddess sneered and then growled, slamming the goddess hand from her hair roots, slowly standing upright, snarling into the face of the ugly Soul Crusher. The Soul Crusher laughed out loud and back stepped, standing behind the row of leather goods, pointing down at each pile. “Pick out a handbag, goddess!”
The mature goddess shuffled ahead, stopped, and wiggled her fingers. A yellow colored saddle bag floated up from the carpet and into the cupped hand on the goddess. 
The Soul Crusher smiled. “Excellent choice for your new goddess weapon! Now, please, select a flora perfume for your goddess handbag.”
The mature goddess looked down at the selection and wiggled her fingers, picking out a glass bottle of perfume, spraying the delicate fragrance over the leather saddle bag.
The Soul Crusher smiled. “Vanilla, I love the sense, too. Now, you are ready for the battle action, goddess,” she viewed the audience. “Each one of you, please stand and select your weapon.” She shuffled from the projector screen wall and stood beside Cox while observing each entity, whispering her words. “I was expecting a bigger crowd of heroes here today.”
Cox smiled. “Don’t worry! We are small but swift. So, you show us your thing. I quickly noted that you didn’t show me your fancy hat trick either.”
The Soul Crusher smirked. “I did that on purpose. You want a set of strong warriors fighting against the aliens. A weak warrior is not created in a field of battle. A baby needs to stay home with their mama for protection. Else, they are terminated on sight. You will lose most assuredly with a bunch of pansies smelling like a sweet flower. Talk is cheap. Blood is valuable.”
He raised an eyebrow and crossed both of his arms, staring with worry at the Soul Crusher. “Be very careful here, Soul Crusher!”
“Be very wise, god-kind! You are not the destined as the leader of the gods and the goddesses. Your Greek pantheon god father has many of each: friends, followers, and foes. If I remember correctly, his friends outnumber his foes, three to one.”
He smiled. “Your ratio is inaccuracy. I’m not nervous. When the situation presents itself, I will have more followers than foes. However, the scheduled Syzygy event renders both an alien and a god equally blinded, before the upcoming deadly fight. So, we appear slightly in a disadvantaged state during the scheduled Syzygy event, even with our gang of supernatural strongest god and goddess warriors.”
The Soul Crusher laughed. “Ah! I have a surprise for you, my future leader.” She pulled out another glossy colorful magazine and ripped off the cover page, dropping the sheet down the floor, stomping the picture. A tiny box appeared on the floor and held a pair of contact lenses in the color of red hue. She wiggled her finger and as the pair of contact lenses floated up from the floor and landed down in her cupped hand. “These are called contact lens. Except, the outside lenses are coated with a special chemical for polarizing all of the sun's blinding rays. It will be most effective for the stronger god-kind warrior. Alas! A weaker solider will suffice to the blinding rays becoming uselessly dead by an alien attacker.”
He snatched up the pair of contact lenses from her hand while studying the design. “I like. Do you enjoy visiting Paris during the summertime, Soul Crusher?”
She smirked. “Yes, I do and I do believe you requested a show, Cox. Today is Sunday, a day of relaxation and fun, a day of gathering for both humans and non-humans. We tread upon a gathering event, a wedding at the local church. There are aliens, who are present, of course, who enjoy fondling with the sub-creatures. We will be capturing their souls, the entire family of souls, to boot. Do not allow any member of the alien family escape during the live demonstration! Else, our plan will be revealed to our enemies.”
Cox continued to hold the pair of contact lenses and laughed out with amusement, shuffling back in front of the projector screen and then stopped. He slapped the mist of swirling clouds and modified the geographical location, waving both of his arms in the air, whispering the new command. “God-kind and goddess-kind, move back and find a spot for the rest of my alien lecture," he chuckled with the others. Each god and goddess shuffled around and found a new spot, staring at Cox. "You have acquired a new god or goddess weapon for our god and goddess fight. At dawn, the low horizon event is color in black dirt, long red tinted horizontal lines of heat, invisible air waves of sun radiation, and a dark purple sky of blue which is highlighted with all of the astronomical planets in white hue within our solar system. One planet world is located on extreme top portion of the sky with a second planet might be in the lower left of that picture. A third planet might be in the lower right. On Monday evening, five planets will align in a straight line in the nighttime skyline. This is called a syzygy. The word, syzygy, comes from the Greek word, suzugos, which means, yoked together …”
“This is America. The new American word, syzygy, means choked together. Then, they all die together.” Axson laughed with the others.
Cox nodded with a smile. “That is a very good analogy, god-brethren. During the configuration of the five stars …”
“That is the only shunt for entering the Syzygy event. The race of nasty aliens possess two eyelids, like a feline cat. They can see through the heavy beams of blinding sunrays. Does every god and goddess know that? Yeah, they do and I do, too. However, a god and a goddess cannot seen through the blinding sunlight, Cox.”
Folsom nodded with a stern face. “Then, we should be defeated, god-brethren.”
Cox held the pair of contact lenses next to his grin, pointing at the Soul Crusher. “We possess new technological equipment for our two god and goddess eyeballs, compliments of our human brethren. The Soul Crusher is handing out a tiny box that contains a pair of tiny contact lens which are polarized to withstand the blinding sunrays and protect our corneas, while we attack and kill the entire race of aliens. An extraordinary astronomical event will occur that day too. At exactly at 6:01 pm, Planet Venus will pass directly behind Planet Jupiter in relation to Planet Earth. This rare configuration translates into a combined gravitational force of two planets which will exert the strongest tidal pull on Earth’s moon. For one hour, Earth’s gravity, along with us, will weigh less than a firefly. The overall effect will allow us to jump higher in the sky while experiencing a strange floating sensation for the first time in 370 years.”
Axson frowned. “We can jump into the air waves and fly over short periods of current right now."
Wray smiled. "During the scheduled Syzygy event, all of the gods and the goddesses will become land-locked preventing a fist fight between the aliens and the gods. Thus, the Prime Creator likes to toy with his creations. When the two planets become closers, the gods and the goddesses will possess more of our superpowers again. You can fly off the dirt and in the sky like a human airplane racing miles and miles.”
Cox nodded. “If you jump up from the ground at precisely 6:01 pm on Monday evening, then you will become airborne like a flying bird for one hour or sixty minutes. Then, at 7:01 pm, you will fall back on top of the hard soil, becoming land-locked also during . We will not be able to fly like a bird and leap over a single tall tree and the aliens can’t do that either. The gods and the goddesses are not birthed here on Planet Earth during the Great Moment of Life. We are part of the Earth, since the beginning of time.”
Perry shouted out loud and raised his fit. “We can kill them all.”
Cox laughed. “We are going to kill every last one of these nasty aliens...”
“After your first lesson of death…” The Soul Crusher shuffled back around the room and stood on the opposite side of the mist of swirling clouds, pointing at a brick-coated church structure on a city street corner within the United States of America. She leaped up and went through the mist, laughing out loud. The rest of the crowd cheered out loud and dashed ahead, rushing into the mist also.
At 01:01:01 pm, the movie theater was cleared of gods and goddesses.

Same calendar date, different city and time zone....


03:03:04 pm

City of Savannah, within the US State of Georgia
Waterfront location

Church setting
Heated day with clear sky


The Soul Crusher landed first and stood upright on top of the manicured grass in front of the mist in the cool shade from the heated day, scooting backwards from the mist of swirling clouds, wearing a smile. She stopped and stood in front of a grove of ancient oak trees and low-lying green tinted plant bushes, watching each person.
Each god and goddess slowly stepped down from the mist and stood on top of the nice patch of green tinted grass, moving ahead to the Soul Crusher and scanning the new place and then stopped, forming a loose huddle of bodies.
The Soul Crusher pointed at the targeted mature goddess and nodded with a smile. “Goddess, this is your first of many successful captures of aliens using the Purse Method. Please, follow me!" She spun around and led the huddle from behind the building
Perry stood beside Axson and Cox and studied the landscape, sniffing the salty warm sea air. “We are located here the Atlantic Ocean basin. What is the name of this town?”
"Savannah is the oldest city in the US State of Georgia. In the year 1733, the city was a British colonial capital on the Savannah River and a strategic port city in the American Revolutionary War and the American Civil War. The summertime weather is hot and humid with frequent thunderstorms from the warm air masses. The winter days are short and mild. The city is quaint and capturing with its gray, brown, and tan colored cobblestone streets, rows of tall tree parks, and each historical colonial buildings from the 18th Century, including that old church down the pathway." Axson scanned the new landscape and spun around, following the others. "We are standing on the concrete sidewalk of Forsyth Park in Savannah. The park is 30 acres and is located in the historical district exhibiting walking trails, a children's playground area, a flower grand, a large water fountain for the thirsty, a few tennis courts, basketball courts, and other outdoor sporting activities for both kids and adults. This is the perfect place to find without corralling a group of aliens." He snapped his fingers and changed his tuxedo into a pair of white tinted walking shorts, a red tinted tee shirt while keeping the flip-flops, shouldering the
In front of the scattered group of gods and goddesses, who had exchanged an elegant outfit for a casual one from the heated day, the Soul Crusher stopped several feet from the tan colored bricked water fountain, where the spurting water formed an umbrella-shape pattern in the air waves before the individual water molecules hit back into the water fountain pool.
The mature goddess stopped with nervousness and stood with a stern face beside the Soul Crusher, staring at the fountain of water and the stationary people, who were aliens. She could see their ugly aura and smell their foul stench.
The Soul Crusher did not need to lean over but whispered using her goddess words, where each pair of supernatural eardrums could hear the instructions. "Do you see the young teenage female in the blue sundress near the older woman? The teen is an alien that has come to the park with her family alien clan. You must first separate the teen alien from her alien mother and then show her your new cool leather purse of fun, for fun. Get her to touch the soft leather and then poof! Magically, the teen female alien will disappear from the air waves and beside you, falling down into the silk lining inside your red tinted leather purse. Then you will have your first captive, dearie.” She softly chuckled along with the other eager gods and goddesses.
The mature goddess frowned with worry and wiggled her new handbag with a set of nervous and manicured yellow tinted fingernails plus girly emotions, wearing a pink tinted short sundress and a pair of matching flat sandals. “The teen female is so young and pretty around my permanent age of eighteen years old. What do I do? What do I say? How do I do this again?”
“Yes, the teenager is a female teen alien and she is young compared to our older bodies and wiser minds. Walk slowly towards the teen alien then produce your personal mobile telephone, showing her some digital pictures of your doggie,” the Soul Crusher softly chuckled.
The goddess turned and gasped at the nose profile on the Soul Crusher. “I don’t own a doggie.”
The Soul Crusher exhaled with annoyance and continued to stare at the teen alien. “That is okay, if you do not own a canine dog. You must pretend to possess a dog and then show the teen, so you can perform your first alien capture! Go on, dearie!” She smiled at the teen alien, who continued to play on her personal mobile telephone in front of the water fountain, wearing a pair of gray walking shorts, a white tee shirt, and a pair of white sandals, displaying a head of dark short hair, and a tone of light skin.
Among the scattered group of gods and goddess, the mature goddess looked back over her collar bone and viewed her goddess mother. Her mother nodded with a smile in silence. Her daughter returned back and exhaled with nervousness, slowly moving ahead and then stopped two feet from the targeted teen alien. She opened her new handbag allowing the mouth to hang in the air as the scattered group of eager gods and goddesses watched the silence performance. 
The ancient goddess whipped out her personal mobile telephone into her ear and pretended silence talking with a silence friend, slowly advancing towards the young teen alien. She wiggled her bone skull side to side and stopped, winking and smiling at the teen alien.
The teen alien continued to stand beside the water fountain and looked up with a smile at the ancient goddess, cutting off the conversation, dropping her telephone down by her leg.
The ancient goddess smiled and dropped her phone back down into the pocket on her dress, wiggling her new leather purse and pointed down into the silk lining of pink hue. The alien teen slowly reached out with her hand for the handbag with curiosity, when the goddess grabbed the wrist bone on the alien shoving the alien hand down into the soft silk fabric. Then the goddess and the alien both disappeared from the air waves. The leather purse landed down on top of the concrete sidewalk getting wet from the jumping water molecules.
The Soul Crusher swiftly moved with laughed and stopped in front of the purse at the water foundation. “O, dearie!”
Cox chased after the Soul Crusher and stopped beside the tall female, staring down at the purse. “What just happened to our goddess and the teen alien? I do not see our goddess or the teen alien. Where is the goddess?”
The Soul Crusher frowned down at the leather purse that did not wiggle or move but contained the two individual souls. “The goddess had reached out and touched the alien hand, which is a no-no. Then the goddess shoved the alien hand down into the interior silk lining of the leather purse, which is another no-no. They both have disappeared from the air waves and are safely located inside that leather handbag which is down there, right here and right now.”
Cox sneered. “Where are they?”
The goddess mother and the god father of the goddess daughter dashed from the crowd of gods and goddess, stopping beside Cox and the Soul Crusher, looking down at the handbag. The goddess mother sneered and waved both of her arms in the air, approaching the Soul Crusher. “Where is my daughter?”
The Soul Crusher shoved Cox to the side and then elegantly swung the mouth on a new leather purse at each supernatural parent. The leather hit the flying fist on god father and then he disappeared from the air waves. Without stopping her inertia swinging, the leather slammed into the angry face on goddess mother and then the woman disappeared from the air currents also. The Soul Crusher danced in a completely circle with a smile and snapped the metal clip shut laughing out loud, stopping in front of Cox. The other gods and goddesses swiftly shuffled away from the dangerous and deadly Soul Crusher.
Cox sneered. “Release all of them, right now and right here!”
The Soul Crusher handed her yellow tinted handbag to Cox and squatted down, grabbing the red tinted leather purse, examining the item. “The goddess and the teen alien are definitely trapped inside the red tinted handbag. The purse is securely closed.”
He frowned. “Are you certain the purse is closed? What happens if the purse is not securely shut?”
She nodded. “Yes, the red tinted purse is securely closed. The goddess did a good job. Else, the teen alien would have morphed back into her usual humanoid form running away from the goddess and the rest of us with her freedom,” the Soul Crusher spun around with the red tinted purse and dashed ahead toward a tall tree, without Cox. She stopped and stood underneath the cool shade, lifting the purse into her two nose holes, smelling the sweet vanilla fragrance. She could hear a set of faint terrified screams coming from the two females, who were trapped inside the soft lining of the handbag. She dropped the handbag down onto the grass with a sigh and then stomped the smooth leather with her spiked heel. The handbag disintegrated from her goddess powers and turned into a pile of colored ashes, killing the two individuals inside the interior lining of the purse. The pile of colored ashes slowly drifted away with the light breeze.
The gang of gods and goddesses gasped in fear and sorrow, without moving or acting against the evil female, but stood in place in silence.
The Soul Crusher giggled at the amusement and spun around, dashing away from the trees and the crowd of mixed humans and aliens, moving back towards the water fountain. She stopped in front of Cox and snatched her personal yellow tinted handbag from him, leaning down into the fountain water, plunging her handbag down into the clear water. She pushed her purse completely underneath the splashing waves for ten seconds and then released the purse.
She stood upright with a giggle and watched the action in the water fountain. The yellow tinted purse swiftly rose up from the bottom of the pool and floated over the surface of the water, burning into a pile of wet ashes that sunk back down into the water.
The Soul Crusher smiled down into the water that showed her reflection, “All gone!”
Cox gasped in shock and then sneered at the Soul Crusher. “What! What did you do? What did you not do? You did not even try to save the goddess daughter and her two god and goddess parents.”
The Soul Crusher looked up to see Cox and shook her curls. “You cannot.”
“You said…”
She spun around and sneered at Cox. “This is death war, not a tea party. I cannot bring the careless goddess back out from the closed leather purse, without morphing out the teen alien into human format, who would run away and tattle and then spoil our new plan. Thus, I have solved the nasty problem for you.”
“Soul Crusher!” Cox sneered.
She turned and nodded to the group of gods and goddesses, holding both of her wet arms n the air. “This is a new life or death alien lesson of what not to do, my gods and goddesses.” Each god and goddess held a stun face in fear and fright at the Soul Crusher, who usually executed her particular brand of the goddess abilities during the ancient times with a set of evil alien kings and queens and rulers. Her soul crusher services had not been used or needed for eons, until here and now, right before the upcoming glorious Syzygy event.
She dropped both of her wet arms and smiled at the audience. “The family members from the dead alien is located here. Go and find that alien family and the rest of the alien species! We need 4000 alien souls inside a leather good to complete our task there at the tepee and here in the city of Savannah. The leather good can hold numerous alien souls. However, unless you are well-skilled, like me, you should only grab a single alien soul and then close the purse shut and return back through the mist of swirling clouds to your god leader Cox. He will be waiting inside the movie theater for your capture. Your god-kind senses will find, select and capture your alien target. And, please, do be very cautious, indeed,” she nodded.
Cox sneered. “Soul Crusher!”
She turned and winked at Cox. “You wanted a change. I have provided you a change, future leader of Planet Earth and the humans. War is not pretty and safe, but it can be swift and fun. Our victorious exhibition needs to be quickly applied here in the quaint city of Savannah. Your army exhibits 3000 warriors. So, some of your talented warriors need to repeat the procedure to ensure the 4000 alien souls that I need to trap the Seventh Son alien teen inside his alien force field. Your army of warriors must be swift without showing off and exposing our little secret weapon to another escaping aliens. the aliens are numerous and not all related but they do communicate with each other during times of trouble.”
Cox exhaled with frustration at the intentions of deceptive goddess and then nodded with her good advice for his command. He was the leader of the god and goddess army as his biological god father was needed to hold, house, and guard eighteen years old Beck, who would become very weak and extremely vulnerable within his body, mind, and soul during the upcoming Syzygy event and would not be able to use his awesome Seventh Son god powers that would be needed to control the young and dumb and arrogant and stupid and silly human race, after winning the war with the alien race here on Planet Earth.
He viewed the huddle of gods and goddesses speaking to them with god whisper. “You heard the woman! You have your new secret alien weapon. Go and get your alien captive. Bring your leather good back to me inside the movie theater in Oregon for safekeeping. To the fight!” Each god and goddess nodded in silence and then slowly scooted around each other, pacing around the forestland park, searching for their alien catch. Cox stood in silence and watched the individual scatter throughout the tree park, slowly pacing back to the mist, walking into the clouds. He disappeared from Forsyth Park in the city of Savannah at 05:05:04 p.m. 


Same calendar date, different American city and time zone...


City of Apollo within the US State of Alabama
Actworth manor location
Back yard setting

Pale blue sky with rolling clouds
Heated temperatures with light breezy winds
05:05:06 p.m.



The silence glider appeared as a tiny dot in-between the rolling clouds within the pale blue sky and then turned into a long slender machine without a motor sound, smoothly landing on top of the manicured grass inside an open clearing several feet away from the manicured backyard on the Actworth manor.
Beck flipped open the hatch door with a smile and wiggled sidewalks with laughter, slowly standing upright first the shared cushion with Risa, crawling over the railing and stood on top of the manicured grass. He assisted Risa from the cockpit cushion and stood beside him, spinning around, waving both of his hands and lifted up the glider, storing the machine inside the open doors of an empty horse barn.
Beck was dressed in a pair of dark blue walking shorts, a dark green knit shirt, and a pair of dark blue boat shoes, where he had slapped out a set of new clothes for him and Risa there at his secret hideaway from the cruel world of humans, aliens, goddesses, and gods.
Risa wore a lavender tee shirt, a dark blue jean mini-skirt, and a pair of lavender flip-flips, where she had selected from the stack of glossy, colorful magazines inside the man cave at the secret hideaway for Beck.
On top of the manicured grass blades, Risa heard a faint baritone voice through the air waves, before hearing a faint knock on the wooden surface while both sounds echoed back into her two eardrums, whispering for her eardrums only, “Dad!” She spun around from Beck and quickly dashed with shock towards the numerous rows of tall trees and short bushes while swiftly spying on her homestead and then slid into the first tree, halting. Her parents had arrived back from their trip to their home moving towards the horse barn, looking for their daughter. Risa gasped in alarm. "They’re looking for me.”
He stopped beside Risa and stared at the commotion across the woodlands at the Patillo homestead.
She whispered for her eardrums only. “I must leave." Risa turned and smiled at Beck. "My parents are home. I don’t have the proper words to express about you, me, us, and the entire weekend,” she giggling with nervousness. “And when are we?”
He leaned over and kissed her lips for a few seconds, pulling back with a smile. “How about we meet later in the week, after school session? You can ponder over all my proposals. After all, we have only had fun for two whole days, like a couple of teenagers,” he chuckled.
She nodded and held the sweet embrace, hearing a faint baritone voice, slightly back stepping from Beck. He reached out and cuddled her with a smile. “I know you must go. You know you can’t talk about us.”
“I promise. I hope to spend more time, not talking,” she giggled and cuddled into his chest.
They slowly shuffled away from the line of trees and spun around, walking back through the forest, moving back onto the flat sidewalk, the rows of pretty flowers, the short bushes of black, red, and blue berries while the birds danced in the sky.
They stopped at the edge of the front porch.
Beck smiled and fingered a new lavender colored terrain vehicle sitting in the middle of the homestead driveway.
Risa gasped in shock and then smiled at her machine. “My terrain vehicle, do you fix the machine for me?”
He shook his skull. “No, I can’t fix things.”
She gasped in alarm. “Do you steal me a new one along with my new clothes?” Risa leaned over and hugged Beck while giggling with happiness. “I’m so happy. My dad would be both angry for the destruction of the little machine and then confused for my secret visit here,” she viewed her new flip-flops and then gasped in alarm. “My cowgirl boots …” she looked up and viewed Beck.
He hugged Risa and pulled back, kissing her lips, smiling at the girl. “All your personal possessions are packed inside the tiny trunk on your same old lavender tinted terrain vehicle. I can’t materialize stuff; but I can levitate stuff. You are good to go, darling!”
She pouted her lips. “I don’t wanna go. I wanna stay …”
“I promise. We will have some more fun tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, and the day after that. However, we have school tomorrow.”
“School! O yeah! Today is Sunday and tomorrow is Monday. What about the planetary alignment on Monday evening? Are you going to watch the planet align in a line in the sky?” Risa giggled with silly love.
“Actually, no human is going to watch it. The five planets will form a perfect line even with the solar sun. If you happen to try to view the line-up of planets, then all of the reflective bright rays coming from the two planets Jupiter and Saturn will blind your two eyeballs.”
“Yeah, I forget about that,” she nodded.
He smiled. “I am having a planetary party also at my house. Are you interested in coming to the party tomorrow night?”
“Yes, I wanna come.”
“Then, we shall be together for our third gathering.”
Risa exhaled with worry. “Then you’re going to move away from Apollo after high school graduation,” she pointed at the sign. “The For Sale sign …”
He nodded. “Yes, my god-kind family members are moving to another small town, not too close.”
“I won’t see my …”
“No! You’ll be seeing them more.”
"More! Why is that, Beck?”
The loud roar from a moving pickup truck echoed through the air waves. Her parents were driving out from the driveway and then down the dark rural roadway. Risa gasped in shock. “Fiddlesticks! My parents are too overprotective. They’re hunting me down the roadway,” she returned back and smiled at Beck. “I had fun with you, Beck. I’ll come to your planetary party. What time does it start tomorrow night?”
They stopped and stood beside the terrain vehicle. He cuddled Risa with a smile. “Come here, anytime, before dusk! Dusk time will begin precisely at 6:01 p.m., in the evening.” Risa slid down into the seat with a smile in silence. He leaned down and pecked her lips quickly, pulling back with a smile. “I’ll be here waiting for you, Risa.”
“I’ll be coming back for you. Good night, Beck!” Risa cranked the engine and winked at Beck, slowly spinning around the steering wheel away from Beck, waving her arm in the air, "Bye, Beck!" She hauled cold metal towards the public roadway while finding her parents, without getting major teenly trouble.
Beck watched the red tinted taillights on the new terrain vehicle with a smile and slowly back stepped from the front porch, spinning around with a chuckle, shuffling ahead and entered his house.
Inside the Actworth Mansion, Beck strolled into the foyer room without viewing the emptiness and immediately headed into the mirror room, stopping in the door-less archway with a smile. A tower triangle of colorful fine leather goods, mostly an assortment of female handbags and male business briefcases, occupied each far corner on the rear wall mirror. He cocked his skull and heard the faint sounds in female timber, slowly pacing towards the pile of lady handbags, pondering with confusion and curiosity.
“Beck!”
He spun around from the pile of handbags in the middle of the floor and smiled at his Greek goddess biological mother in an elegant white tinted satin gala gown, a pair of red tinted sandals, and numerous emerald tinted jewelry. 
The other Greek goddess Lara Lee wore a gala gown in mint green, a pair of yellow tinted sandals, and numerous red tinted ruby jewelry over her slender body. They stood together and stared with a smile at him inside the open archway.
He nodded. “Mother, how was the city of Paris?”
Mrs. Actworth shoved her hand at Lara Lee. Lara Lee dashed away from the archway and shuffled ahead towards the black tinted grand piano, sitting down on the top of the padded piano bench, playing a classical song in soft notes.
Mrs. Actworth opened her arms for her son, wearing a smile and a nod. “Our lunch meal was delicious, darling. Our service was divine. Our trip was pleasant. I do wish you would join me and Lara Lee for the lunch, tomorrow, child. How are you feeling, at the moment, child?”
Beck viewed the floor and exhaled with annoyance, “I’m feeling drained, a lot of tired, a little weak.” His mother advanced ahead and stopped, hugging her gifted seventh son, pulling back with a worried brow, studying him in silence.
Lara Lee sneered at the keyboard still playing the piano in her evening gown. “You wasted your energy today while entertaining that human female, dearest Beck. You should practice more restrain as a teenly male god.”
He looked up and sneered at the rear skull on Lara Lee. Mrs. Actworth patted on both of his arms and nodded with a smile at his nose profile. “I am so glad that you got your little teenly adventure from the entertaining humans out of your teenly male god system. Your six god brothers acted the same pitiful way with the humans, of course, until they become happily married their precious goddess wife. Don’t bother with the little human female anymore, Beck! And you are confined here inside the manor for the next two days including tonight and Monday night. I will not take a chance with your person, your powers, and your energy from the effects of the upcoming Syzygy event. The Syzygy effect affects all of each god and goddess from one degree to another."
He returned back and frowned at his mother. "How does the upcoming Syzygy event all of us? How does the upcoming Syzygy affect me? I do not understand, Mother. You do not share any of your ancient eons of wise wisdom with me. Where is all this written down from ancient times? I can't find any event of a previous Syzygy event here on Planet Earth. Did one really happen? Is that how you know the effects on me and the rest of the gods and goddesses, Mother? Does my father know about the Syzygy event and the effects on him too? Should I go and ask my father?”
She reached out and pinched his soft cheekbone, nodding with a smile, dropping her manicured hand onto her gown. “Your father is busy with your brothers, right now. And you are too young and are still a child, when you are compared to my ancient chorological time zone of centuries, decades, years, months, days, hours, minutes, seconds, and milliseconds. The upcoming Syzygy event produces an astronomical effect here on Planet Earth, not with a human, unless the human body is accidentally caught in-between an erupting volcano or a shaking earthquakes or a drowning flood or an electrical black out. There will not be any electricity charges or active electronic pieces of equipment that view the upcoming weather storms coming from the Syzygy event. However, each human governmental body has wisely advised each human to stay home and seek shelter from the alignment of the five planets that will occur during the last afternoon hours, tomorrow night. Thus, each human will be safe and secure from harm and danger, as usual. However, you might become injured or harmed or even killed from the nasty effects of the terrible Syzygy event. Thus, I would become most upset from that event, child. But I was more shocked to see her physical presence there with our family playtime, Beck.”
Lara Lee shouted out loud and continued to play soft notes on the piano. “She is marked.”
Mrs. Actworth frowned at Beck. “Marked! O! That does explain a lot. Bring the human girl back here on tomorrow night, during the scheduled Syzygy event, then I will take care of it for you, child. We are going to visit Rome and view the play. Are you interested in joining me, Beck?”
He shook his skull with a smile. “I am not interested in the playtime, right now, Mother."
Mrs. Actworth leaned over and motherly kissed his cheekbone, pulling back with a smile. “All right! Enjoy your evening, together, Lara Lee and Beck!” She slowly back stepped from Beck with a smile and spun around shuffling towards the side mirror, reaching out with her finger and quickly flicked the pad on the smooth reflection mirror. The mist of swirling clouds in grey hue appeared. She elegantly stepped through the mist and disappeared from the den room in silence. The mist remained which allowed his mother to return back into her manor after the theater performance at anytime.
Beck turned and viewed her quick and quiet disappearance into the Wall of Time. “Good night, Mother!” He exhaled with love, frustration, confusion, excitement, annoyance and a range of teenly feelings for Risa, his mother, his family members, his school mates, and Lara Lee, spinning around to face the archway, exiting the room. He turned inside an empty hallway  without a set of mumbled noises coming from his father or any of his brothers, slowly pacing ahead into the foyer space, staring at the empty space with puzzlement. He had learned about the upcoming scheduled outer space Syzygy celestial event at the first of the new year from both of his parents and understood the potential damage to any and all man-made objects, such like, a house, an automobile, a grove of forest trees. His parents had removed all of the man-made furniture from the man-made house and had given all of the items to local church for donation and distribution to all of the needy human families which created an empty shell at the Actworth manor. The removal of the furniture was still a silly idea coming from Beck's neurons. He slowly paced ahead and looked into an empty hallway that exhibited the opposite side of their big house.
Lara Lee ceased playing the lovely piano music and then quickly dashed from the mirror room, appearing behind the rear skull on Beck, shouting out loud with a sneer. “She’s marked.”
“She’s mine.”
She giggled with humor. “She smells like a dog as she is marked by one of the nasty aliens here in the town of Apollo. Risa likes to hang with them, including her high school girl best teen alien Cinta.”
“And you hang with smelly skunks, including the nasty rats.”
“She is marked. There is nothing to do about it. You can have only one southern belle here. And human girl Risa is all taken. Do you really wanna start a second civil war between them and us. Look what happened the last time aliens and gods fought! The Milans. The Aztecs. The Egyptians. The Babylonians. The Atlantians. The old and ancient individual civilizations are all gone, without a single trace element of culture, but maybe a few rough stones slowly disintegrating from the harsh winds of time. No human dies, because of us. This is our eternal alien-god treaty for centuries, which has worked out very well,” she scooted around and dashed ahead of Beck, spinning around, smiling in his face.
He smiled at Lara Lee. “I would not know that ancient information, since I am only really eighteen years old, since I have not lived for centuries or eons. Which is your goddess year, Lara Lump? I keep forgetting,” Beck chuckled with a wink.
She smiled with a pair of batting eyelashes at the cute boy. “I love you, Beck.”
“Shoo away, Lara Lump!” He scooted ahead her and paced into the library. "You have caused me too much trouble for the past eighteen years, here in Apollo, goddess girl.”
The library contained four solid walls of dark cherry wood without a single glass window and displayed rows of ancient books, four writing desks with matching office chairs, scattered individual concrete statutes of Greek warriors, small marble busts of Greek gods, god and goddess Greek art paintings, and other copied treasures from ancient world history. 
Beck stopped in the middle of the polished dark wooden floor space and scanned the contents, exhaling with annoyance, waving his hand at the object. A fake golden plated metal helmet from Roman goddess Athena soared directly at the smile on Lara Lee. He swiftly spun around and sneered at the nasty goddess. “Why are you, a tattle-tail?”
She back stepped from the flying object with a gasp and wiggled her finger at a new object. A fake golden plated metal Roman shield from Emperor Augustus Caesar sailed across the room and crashed into the flying helmet landing down on the floor with a loud bang. She shouted at Beck. “Why are you a liar?”
He smoothly side stepped from the flying object that hit the side wall and then tossed a marble bust of Greek leader god Zeus at her. “Why are a phony?”
She avoided the air collision that hit the side wall and whipped an alive Japanese plant from the side table, sailing the object back at Beck. She snarled. “Why are you a busy-boy?”
He sneered back and waved both of his hand, sending a Viking miniature wooden ship at the plant. The two objects collided in the air with a small sound and then swiftly dropped down on top of the other object, producing a loud crash on top of the metals. He shouted. “Why are you jealous?”
She punched another copied treasure relic and sneered at Beck. “Why are you angry?”
The Horn of Charlemagne swiftly glided towards his face. He shuffled both of his hands to the side and captured the object, flying the item into the front wall, creating a new storage hole and shouted at Lara Lee, “I’m angry, because I have questions, without answers. I have family, without friends. I am single, without …”
“Me!” Lara Lee wiggled her finger and tossed a row of small Greek goddesses statues at Beck.
He waved both of his hands and sent the row of objects into the side wall, “I have enemies, without allies.”
“I am not your enemy,” she sneered and then launched a row of ancient manual books at him.
He continued to wave both of his hands and sent all of the flying objects into the side wall with ease while yelling at her. “You are not my friend either. You …”
“… gave the answer that you were seeking. I am friend that you are wanting,” she smiled without tossing any more object at Beck. “Just give a chance here, Beck!”
“No!”
She winked with a smirk. “You do not have any more chances. Your teenly time is ending. The scheduled Syzygy event will force you to take a female mate for the rest of eternal or die alone and lonely with pain and suffering the next day. I, too, read all of my ancient history assignment. So, you have no choice here, but me.”
“No!”
“I am the only goddess within your god clan. Even among all of the goddess-kind and god-kind clans, a stranger is never welcomed.”
“No!”
“Risa, she is a human girl and does not understand us or you or me. A human girl is greatly intrigued while having some cowgirl fun with her another cowboy. Garth will make all her fun go away with a whisper. You have me here for you.”
“No!”
“We can make our own happiness and travel the world and enjoy the exciting sights, sounds, and sensation of Planet Earth together. Me and you. You and me. Then, we can plan our own god family. A baby makes three,” Lara Lee winked at Beck.
“No!”
“Your mother has taught and trained me to become your goddess wife. I'll make you really happy, honey.
“No!"
“Be stubborn! Be mad! Be unhappy right here and right now! Tomorrow is a done deal. We will become one. I promise that to you. You and I will become very happier,” she giggled.
He sneered. “Tell me about tomorrow evening! What is really happening within the Syzygy event?”
She danced in place with a smile, pointing at him, slapping her chest. “You must marry me, Beck! Right now and right here, that is all you need to know or learn, before the start of the Syzygy event.”
“What happens during the hour of the Syzygy event?”
“The Syzygy event lasts precisely one hour or sixty minutes with visual effects here on Planet Earth.”
“Does the marriage ceremony go on for sixty full minutes? Do you where a wedding dress, eat a piece of wedding cake, or wear a wedding ring for the marriage ceremony?”
Lara Lee rolled her two eyeballs and then returned back, laughing at teenage Beck, “Absolutely not! You do hang around with too many humans picking up their silly human traditions.” She slapped her chest with a smile. “We are gods and goddesses. We can pop anything we want into our world, such like, a dress, a cake, a ring. It is most important that you and me engage our soft flesh and our lush lips for a more intimate entertainment during the Syzygy event. The once in a life time Syzygy event will make us become one and stronger.”
“One! Who is one? What is one? What does that mean?”
She slapped her chest with a smile. “Husband and wife. Me and you. You and me.”
Beck frowned. “Stronger! What does that mean? Do I become stronger during the Syzygy event?”
She shook her curls. “Your Seventh Son god powers will become weakened almost down into a filthy sub-creature earthling, until the Syzygy event has completed its cycle. During the entire sixty minutes of the Syzygy hour, I will be here with you. I am a powerful goddess. I will protect your body, watch over your mind, and defend your person. Because, I love you, Beck,” she smiled.
“So, after the Syzygy event, Do all of my Seventh Son god powers return back into full service?”
"Yes! Then you and I will become one and stronger as god and a goddess. We will almost become invincible.”
He frowned. “Why didn’t my goddess mother explain this personal information to me?”
“You are her little boy, the baby of the god clan, and the only the Seventh Son among the entire god and goddess pantheon, since the year 31 B.C. Your mother did not want to frighten her innocent child. Anyways, you will be guarded for the hour by …"
“Me!” Beck slapped his chest with a sneer at Lara Lee.
She giggled. "I will become your personal babysitter during the Syzygy event for protection and love, Beck.”
“What will our actual marriage ceremony look like?”
“It is a god and a goddess thing without words, only actions. Our two bodies will intertwine for all of eternal that will speak volumes of words, without moving our lips. Since our lips will be engaging in foreplay inside our mouths.”
He sneered. “Ugh! I see and feel your goddess words, right here and right now. My mother has instructed you very well for some purpose of your life.”
She winked. "My new job as your goddess wife to honor you, my god husband foreverly.”
He frowned. “I see and hear that you like that word.”
She smiled. “I love that word and that you, my god husband.”
“Aphelion is the point on the orbit trajectory of a celestial body that is farthest away from the sun.”
“Aphaeresis is a medical procedure, in which, your blood is drawn from a donor and then separated into its chemical components, such like, plasma or platelets. Then the reminder is returned back by transfusion into the donor during a medical procedure.”
“That is called a human blood transfusion.”
“What! What is the point of your statement?”
He smiled. “Aphesis is the loss of an initial usually unstressed vowel as in cute for acute. A release! To let go! To send like a wedding ring into an ebbing of the high ocean tides of a permanent good bye gesture.” 
She smirked and slapped her chest. “And I am not the one that holds a marking. I am the only goddess among the entire pantheon that is here and available for a marriage ceremony with the only Seventh Son god male. Smell me! Marry me, Beck!”
He winked. “You do smell like lust, greed, and revenge. You had arranged for Garth and Risa to mark with each other. How did you do that?”
She gasped in shock and slapped her chest again. “Impossible! I’m a goddess, not an alien.”
“You rebel every chance you get in front of the humans, the god-kind, the goddess-kind, my parents, and me, Lara Lump. You don’t hide your goddess talents too good, either, sweetheart. Three-turn, my bowtie! That performance is a very difficult maneuver with a twirling baton even for a talented human. But the head majorette on the high school majorette squad managed to perform it flawlessly three times within a ten-minute football game performance on one night. You have exposed yourself and all of us along with your antics every single chance you get.”
“I love you, Beck. Risa’s love history like the civil war of 1865. She is marked for alien teen Garth, who is absolutely crazy over her for some reason. Geez! Even I can smell it!”
“Is she really?”
She gasped in shock. “Of course, you cannot reverse a marking. There is no reversal. No removal! No return.”
He jabbed a finger at Lara Lee with a sneer. “You had something to do with arranging teen alien Garth and human teen girl Risa to meet and then mark. I’ll bet my thirteen billion dollar bank account on that information. Then, you had to do it, didn’t you, Lara Lump? The Novena Festival is one of the most traditional and highly anticipated social school events of the entire year. Even the elementary children are involved in the nightly festival gala. Practically, every Apollonian was there that night while enjoying the silly kiddie games, great southern food, the human fun booths, but you.”
“So what of it! I missed it. I do not understand your silly high school earth-boy infatuation with the humans.”
He smirked. “The little goddess really does resent the humans. I don’t understand, Lara Lee. The humans are harmless to you, me, alien teen Garth, and his out of this world alien kin.” He back stepped from Lara Lee and sat down in one of the unbroken chairs, reaching up, touching the fresh arrangement of flowers inside a fake Greek vase. “But I do want to salute and thank you very much, Lara Lee. You had arranged for Risa and I to mate …”
“Meet …”
He smiled. “Mate …”
She gasped. “No way!”
“I do need to clarify here as I am the Seventh Son of a Seventh Son.”
“No sir!”
He laughed. “Yo, boy!”
She snarled. “Stop using that silly hillbilly human slang at me!”
“Actually, one of the two word comes from the Spanish language, not American hillbilly slang.”
“You are the Seventh Son and the new royal prince among all of the god-kind and goddess-kind. Why do you insist upon playing mind games with me? I get quiet annoyed with your silly redneck southern country boy hick banter.”
“That night, you wanted to humiliate me in front of the entire township, I suspected something was up. I had beaten you before, Lara Lump. That night, I rolled my wheelchair out onto the auditorium floor while watching and waiting for something bad to happen. Honestly, I thought that you have gotten redneck Davy Ray to shoot a bullet from his hand gun into my tire or something other hillbilly treat from another silly hillbilly hick. Then, pretty human girl Risa elegantly waltzed onto the floor for my rescue looking like a true southern belle in her flowing virginal dress of pure white, like a heavenly angel. Then, she squatted down on the floor, leaned into my face, and apologized for you in her soft soprano. ‘I am so sorry, Beck. Lara Lee couldn’t come. Her grandma is sick.” He laughed. “Your goddess grandma died a long, long time ago in the first civil war between the aliens and the …”
“What is your overdrawn point here please?”
“My point here is you were absent while making Risa lean over and kiss me.”
She gasped in alarm. “No!”
“You must’ve heard the hot juicy rumors flooding the dry earwax inside both of your goddess eardrums, if you have not talked directly with the one and only alien princess Cinta.”
“Risa is …”
He smiled. “Come again!”
“… taken."
“She is not committed to alien Garth as she is a human and does not understand our earthly or their outer space ways. You do know. A marking or a mating of a human can only be performed by a Seventh Son of a Seventh Son.”
“Impossible!” Lara Lee gasped in alarm.
“All possible! For a double spy, you really are a dumb belle and out of bad luck, Lara Lump.” He laughed with passion.
“I’m leaving.” She sneered at Beck and then spun around, crying with worry, exiting the library.
He smiled and shouted out loud, tossing both of his arms in the air, still sitting in the chair. “Finally! Try to have a nice goddess life, as long as, I am not in it, Lara Lump!” Beck dropped his hands and reached up, picking the ancient world history book, flipping through the pages while laughing out loud with amusement.
Lara Lee fled down the hallway and wiped off the sad tears entering the mirror room, dashing ahead to the reflection mirror and leaped through the mist of swirling clouds while looking for Beck's mother.

At 05:18 pm on the public roadway in the heated temperatures with bright moonlight rays and twinkling stars bombarded the night sky and the night air. Risa slowly exited the Actworth driveway with girly teenly mental thoughts and then slowly drove illegal in the middle of the roadway inside her newly repaired or replaced terrain vehicle. She wanted to know how Beck accomplished that magical feat with her terrain vehicle but didn't have time. Then a set of bright headlights on a moving automobile shined through the darkness onto the opposite field of crops which was perpendicular to the terrain vehicle. Risa jerked the machine to the side of the road into the overhanging tree limbs, without landing the vehicle down into the dirt ditch, watching the moving automobile and gasped in shock.
Her parents were driving the pickup truck and steered away from their house in the opposite direction of Risa for some reason.
Inside the pilot seat of the vehicle, Risa pondered the reason and then slid back into the public roadway, carefully watching for any more moving automobile, finally reaching the edge of her paved driveway. She drove down the smooth pavement in the darkness using her two acute eyeballs and parked beside the barn structure. Her father would become very upset, if Risa left the machine outdoors, when he hit the tiny terrain vehicle wit his massive pickup truck. She killed the engine and opened the door, sliding off the pilot seat, dashing ahead into the back door on her house.
She slammed open the patio door and slowly strolled ahead through the laundry room and then stopped with a gasp of shock, staring at a hand written note that was tacked onto the wooden doorway inside the kitchen setting. 
The note read: Garth’s birthday party! Now! Bring the gift!
Risa whispered with puzzlement. “Is it really Garth’s birthday party tonight? I didn’t know his birthday was party was tonight. O! I guess that I forgot!” She looked down and frowned at her new clothes and the cute pair of flip-flops. Risa had never owned a pair of flip-flops which was against her mother's rule. Yeah, her mother ruled too much in Risa's house and world.
Risa exhaled with frustration and spun around to face the open archway, exiting the kitchen, dashing into her room, really fast.
Inside her bedroom space, she exchanged the cute pair of flip-flops for her new birthday present, the dark blue pair of cowgirl boots from her parents, prancing around the bedroom and decided to wore the lavender colored tee shirt with the matching pair of walking shorts that sorta complimented the dark blue hue on the boots. Risa exited the bedroom and raced down the staircase, pacing through the living room, dashing to the patio door and then halted. "The birthday presence," Risa slowly back stepped with silliness and then halted, reaching backwards, scooping up the Garth's birthday gift on the kitchen counter wondering why her parents did not bring the wrapped gift with them and then she dashed from the house outdoors without locking the patio door as she lived in a safe community. She headed towards the terrain vehicle and slid down into the clean leather, cranking the engine, driving to Garth's house inside her machine with a smile of her secret fun weekend with Beck, a true teen god from the Greek pantheon. 
Two hours later...


Home of Cinta and Garth
Dining room setting
07:18 pm


Risa had arrived in time for the supper meal and sat diagonally beside her mother and next to Garth at the Warfield dining table while hearing the tiny tings of musical notes coming from the silverware, the crystal goblets, and each china bone plate during the birthday part of the suppertime meal.
The Warfield house was an older house in the town of Apollo that was stacked like a crooked pile of brick with three floor levels and without all the pretty flower pods in the front or the Greek columns of white wood or the fancy furniture pieces. The dining room was old like the ancient house and displayed four walls of dull ugly colored beige wallpaper with scattered columns of tiny red tinted people, who were eating a picnic lunch on the ground. Each female wore a long Victoriana dress and each male wore a pair of knickers.  
The dark-colored square-shaped wooden table contained eight thick legs with an individual animal face on each feet and could hold twenty-seven chairs. Tonight, the thirteen persons occupied the dining room with six chairs on each side. The Warfield parents sat at the king's ends. The Patillo parents lounged at the queen's end.
Risa dove into the supper meal from all of her swimming exercises with Beck at his secret hideaway, this morning.
The birthday cake rose three tiers in the air and was covered in dark chocolate frosting with a vanilla cake. Everyone had sung the famous birthday song to birthday boy Garth. Then he blew out the candles looking more embarrassed than cheery. Annabelle served large pieces of cake to each guest at the dining room table, starting with birthday boy Garth first, of course. 
Risa received her plate of cake and started eating, chewing the sweet dessert, viewing the pretty color of bright pale blue with millions of white and silver sparks drifting up towards the dark tinted wooden ceiling planked and surrounded the entire body on her former boyfriend Garth. The glow of bright pale blue pulsated in and out from the circular format around his body as he talked and then chuckled with the other guests.
Risa felt an array of warm vibes and intense body heat and woody pine cone cologne fumes coming off Garth, who lounged beside her chair. She swallowed the lump of chewed food and ate another bite, sliding her vision to her former girlfriend Cinta, who displayed the same pretty pale blue glow with millions of white and silver sparks. Cinta wiggled side to side inside her chair and as the semi-circular pretty glow around her tall, slender body shot upwards and then outwards and then inwards back into her band of light that tingled in tiny sparks throughout the air waves.
Risa swallowed the food and blinked both of her eyelashes open and then shut still staring at the flinging tiny sparks in white and silver that seemed to dance in the air currents which was impossible as the house was a little drafty but not breezy. She scooped up another bite of the birthday cake and sucked down the sweet chocolate frosting and moist cake and as her two eyeballs slid to the other Warfield brother Weston. Risa gagged with shock, spitting out the chewed gooey particles of cake down onto her hand and her dessert plate, covering her mouth with the cloth napkin. She stared with horror and puzzlement at Weston. He held a thin band of rich black hue around his upper body that quickly pulsed and then faded out like switching on a defective flashlight. The faint tint of black color appeared like an energy skin around his body. Her two eyeballs slowly scooted around the dining room table and studied the rest of the Warfield family members, including the parents. The other family members exhibited the same thin band of black tinted color hovering but not covering the outside epidemic human skin like wearing a glove over the human body, which was a complete mystery to her neurons. Risa also felt an air of extreme coolness on her epidemic skin like a person had opened a freezer door over her hair roots, which was her vivid imagination. Beck and his super secret teenage magical person had affected her body and her mind deeper than she realized.
On the queen's end of the dining room table, Mrs. Patillo slowly chewed the birthday cake and stared into the far wall, sitting beside her daughter. Risa continued to study each Warfield family member, then her father, and then turned with a stern face to see her mother, who displayed a thin band of rich black hue also.
Risa leaned over with a fake smile and whispered into the cheekbone on her mother. “Mom, you look so pretty and so healthy and so happy, tonight, right now and right here.”
She looked up with chocolate frosting on her snarled lip and sneered at her daughter. “O my stars, Risa! Where have you been hiding this entire weekend? We’ve been looking for you, since we arrived home two hours ago. This evening is the nighttime, the day before school, young lady.”
Risa looked down and frowned at her cake, slowly picking at the chocolate frosting, whispering back to her mother. “I know that. I saw you leave out in the truck, so I followed you in my terrain vehicle. I was visiting with Beck during the weekend days, not nights, when his parents and all of his six brothers were home. Their family clan is very big,” she giggled with her deep, fun secret. "They are a very large clan of individuals."
She gasped in shock and shook her short curls at the blonde colored hair roots on Risa. “You drove the terrain vehicle on top of the open public roadway, which is illegal and without my permission,” she exhaled with annoyance at her mischievous and misguided daughter and then nodded with a stern face. “I am feeling better. Apparently, I had contracted some type of nasty bug inside my guts. But the bug and my sickness is all gone now. So, there is nothing to worry about, Risa. Why were bothering Mrs. and Mrs. Actworth?”
“I was not bothering Mr. and Mrs. Actworth, Mom. My high school friend Beck was helping me with some my homework assignment on earth alignment and all of that cool celestial astro stuff for my school work. I’m trying to improve my grades for college.”
“That's at least one good bit of news. Our house is a mess, Risa. Why did you pull out all of my red roses from the flower garden and then scatter all of the petals inside the living room? Is that a new teen-ritual for your teenly boredom?”
“No ma’am. I am so sorry, Mom. I’ll clean up the petals of roses, before my bedtime ritual.”
"What has happened to your hair, Risa? Did you color your hair into a blonde tone, without my permission also?"
Risa dropped the fork and touched her hair roots, looking up to see her mom, shaking her bone skull. "No! My dark hair likes the bright sunlight and lightens into a dull blonde hue during the heated day. Don't you remember, Mom? That's all, Mom!" She smiled and touched her hair, nodding several times with delight. She liked the light colored hair strands. Well, Beck liked her light colored hair strands more.
She frowned. "I don't remember you exhibiting one strand of blond hair during the summertime days."
Risa continued to nod with a smile. "When I turned into a teenage with all of my teenly hormones and my teenly enzymes and teenly proteins inside my teenly body. I remember. I remember everything and everyone, Mom." 
She sniffed the air waves and sneered at her daughter. “Why do you smell like a pod of wild flowers? Did you go teenly shopping at the mall without my permission, too, young lady? We don’t have money finances for one or two filly items like that, Risa."
Risa looked down and cleared her throat, picking the cake with her fingers, whispering back to her mother. “No. I did not go shopping at the local mall. My flower fragrance is a gift from my friend Beck …”
Garth growled in annoyance at the nose profile on Risa. “Beck, he is not here at my birthday party.”
Risa turned and frowned at Garth for interrupting her private conversation with her mother. “I know Beck is not here at your house or your birthday party. However, I didn’t know that it was your birthday party. I thought you were born …”
“... today ...” Cinta leaned over the table like a rude southern belle and smiled at Risa. “What did you get birthday boy Garth for his birthday gift, Risa?”
Mrs. Patillo did not clean off her dirty lips and leaned over, whispering into the earlobe on her daughter. “Did you bring Garth’s birthday tonight?”
Risa pulled away from her mother and the set of chocolate-covered dirty lips, leaning down, grabbing the tiny gift underneath the chair. The gaudy, ugly wrapped tiny box displayed an array of pale-skinned cowboys on top of a brown-colored horse. Her mom had not learned that a child grow into a teenager and than an adult. Risa sat upright with a smile and held the gift, parking in front of Garth’s elbow. He smiled to Risa and snatched up the gift, ripping off the ugly paper, quickly gasping at the item, a brown tinted leather wrist band with a crystal face watch.
Mrs. Patillo smiled. “Risa had noted that you don’t wear a wrist watch. She thought the item would be very useful.”
Garth stared down at the item inside the brown tissue paper with a fake smile. “Yes, ma’am! I don’t own a wrist watch.” He looked up and nodded to Risa. “Thanks for the useful gift, Risa!”
She fingered the watch with a smile. “Try it on young man! I didn’t know what style you liked. And I didn’t know, if it would fit your wrist bone. There are so many different sizes and shapes and colors for a young man, now days.”
Garth swallowed back the bile and stared down at the wrist watch. “Well, the wrist watch is a perfect fit. I can tell be looking at it.”
She waved and then pointed her dirty fork at the watch. “Nonsense! Model the watch for us, Garth. You’re the birthday boy for the day and night. Tomorrow, we’re all going to be inside our house for the… uh …”
“Syzygy or Five Stars, the extremely rare celestial outer space event is a planetary alignment of five planets that line-up even with our solar sun.” Annabelle nodded with a smile to Mrs. Patillo. “We’re preparing and planning a popping planetary party. Why don’t ya’ll come over and celebrate this once-in-a-lifetime event with our family members?”
Mrs. Patillo shook her brown tinted hair. “We would love to attend your popular popping planetary party, Annabelle. But we’ll be fetching and boarding up all of the animals, before the death hour at six pm. The US Federal Government has issued a vicious warning about the rays of blinding sunlight for all mammals, including humans and animals.”
Annabelle smiled at Risa. “Maybe, Risa can join our fun planetary party tomorrow night.”
Risa looked down and picked at cake. “Yes, ma’am, I can come over to see the fun planetary party tomorrow night.”
Mrs. Patillo jabbed a finger with her smile at the wrist watch. “I wanna see the watch one time on your wrist bone, Garth. Please try it on!”
Garth continued to view the wrist watch inside the box and then looked up and viewed his mother. Annabelle turned and nodded in silence to her son. He slowly lifted watch by the soft brown tinted leather band up from the box and slid the item over his wrist bone, locking the item in place. He stared down the face of the wrist watch in midnight blue colors and heard a soft popping sound. A light stream of white tinted smoke drifted up from Garth’s wrist watch. He unlocked the watch, tossing it onto the table.
Risa gasped in shock and turned with a stern face to see her mother. "O no! The wrist watch is defective, Mom. You should return the watch tomorrow for a money refund or get Garth a new one.”
Garth cleared his throat. Risa turned and stared at the teen. He shook his bone skull. “Naw, it's me!”
Risa thumbed at her mom. “No, it's the watch! My mom can acquire you another one or a different make or model, since today is your birthday. And this is your birthday present from me.”
Garth viewed his mother. She nodded in silence. He viewed Risa with a stern face. “Naw, I made the wrist watch pop and then release the plume of white smoke. I am a Seventh Son,” he smiled. Risa frowned and as her parents laughed.
Mrs. Patillo giggled at Garth and covered her mouth with her hand getting the gooey sticky chocolate frosting over her finger, shouting out loud, “O my stars!”
Mr. Patillo winked at Garth. “Yes, you are really the seventh brother from a line of seven brothers. So, that does make you the seventh son. I be dared. I heard that a Seventh Son has a set of supernatural abilities like creating a tiny bolt of electricity within your body for both amusement and healing. Is that true, son?”
Garth nodded and slapped his white tinted tee shirt with a smile. “I’m never sick with a cold or illness, sir,” he chuckled with his family members.
Mrs. Patillo cleaned off her dirty face and her dirty hand with the dirty napkin. “I had grew up hearing all about the Seventh Son and his supernatural powers from my grandmother. She enjoyed tattling all of the stories, legends, folklore, and yarns about the Seventh Son superstition. Honestly, I thought a Seventh Son theory to be mere silly jokes rounding the dinner table at the summertime family reunion rather than anything else. So, you are the Seventh Son, Garth. Do you possess any other special powers besides killing a wrist watch, Seventh Son?”
“Yeah!” Garth smiled. “I can eat all the new, old and left over food items inside the refrigerator in one day, without gaining any weight.” He chuckles with his brothers and pointed at the wrist watch. “Honestly, thanks for the thoughtful birthday present, Mrs. Patillo and Risa.”
Risa reached out and grabbed the broken wrist watch handing to her mother. “My mom will g and get you around gift, a different gift, without the use of batteries or steel framing. Isn't that right, Mom?” She accepted the damaged wrist watch and placed inside her pocket on her coverall jeans.
Cinta cleared her throat and smiled. “I can’t eat all the new, old and ancient food inside the refrigerator, in one day, without gaining weight. But, I do make good grades on my work assignments, like in my science course. This particular homework assignment is due tomorrow morning. Do you remember that, my high school friend Risa?”
Risa chewed the cake and stared at her former friend Cinta, spitting chewed food particles over her plate. “What tomorrow morning high school homework assignment, Cinta?”
Mrs. Patillo turned and frowned at the nose bridge on her daughter. “Risa, have you missed another class assignment? Where were you located this weekend? We called your twenty-five different times on your personal mobile telephone without you answering the thing.”
Risa turned and gasped in alarm, viewing her mother. “O! I'm so sorry, Mom! My cell ran out of juice. I forgot to plug my phone into a wall outlet …”
Cinta smiled. “Our night time assignment is gazing up at the outer space twinkling stars. Don't you remember that, Risa?”
She frowned at her mother. “No! I do not recall a nighttime high school homework assignment…”
"We have a new substitution teacher in our current senior high science class. The original science teacher had tooth implants and can't could back into work missing the rest of the semester, until the next year. She is lecturing us on the subject of astronomy.”
Risa ate the food and then mumbled her words, without seeing Cinta on the opposite side of Garth, “That is a useless course for farmer.”
“But it is a useful course to graduation high school,” Cinta winked with Mrs. Patillo and ate the cake.
Mrs. Patillo frowned at the nose bridge on Risa. “That sucky attitude is exactly why you keep making the academic letter grade of D in each one of your academic classes, young lady,” she turned and nodded at Cinta. “What kind of nighttime science homework assignment, Cinta?”
Cinta smiled. “Each student must locate and path a meteor shower and also plot out the horizon location of Planet Venus?”
Risa turned and winked with a giggle to Garth, “Venus is nicknamed 'the love planet.'”
Mrs. Patillo frowned and sneered at her daughter. “Why is your delicate sunburned into a golden tan on your face with a pair of chapped lips. Why is that girl?”
She looked down and picked at the cake. The harsh sunlight and cool wind on top of the tall hilltop must have sunburned her skin while swimming and playing with Beck. “I went riding around the place inside my terrain vehicle without sunscreen and having some fun…”
“… scaring my stallions …” she sneered.
“No, ma’am!” Risa shook her curls with a stern face and continued to stare down at the eaten cake.
Cinta smiled at Mrs. Patillo. “To complete the nighttime high school homework assignment, I must spend the heated evening inside a kiddie tepee, so I can view the sunrise and then record my empirical data for our science report, which is due tomorrow, Risa. How does that sound, girl best?
Mrs. Patillo nodded with a smile to Cinta. “That evening event sounds like fun …”
“… for the sleeping non-flying horseflies ...” Risa whispered to the cake without finishing the sweet dessert.
Garth cleared his throat and nodded with a smile to each guest and family member, “Well, I have had a great birthday party, ya’ll. I gotta go and do my science homework assignment too.”
Risa looked up and gasped in shock, staring at Garth. “You have always finished your homework assignments, before the rest of your classmates.”
“Not today, I do not perform homework assignment on the birth of my familiar day, Risa,” He laughed and winked at her, slowly standing upright from the chair. “Thanks for my birthday present, Mr. and Mrs. Patillo! Mom, I’ll going to pack up my truck. I gotta go and view the sunrise and then record all of my science data for my homework assignment too, like Cinta and Risa.” Annabelle nodded with a smile and then continued to consume the sweet dessert.
Cinta swiftly stood upright from the chair and smiled at her parents also. “I'll glad you drive the terrain vehicle, Risa. Let’s go and pack up your terrain vehicle with a few wool blankets and some more warmer clothes, so we can finish our homework assignment, making you a good grade in our shared science class.”
Mrs. Patillo chewed on the cake and reached over, slapping the arm on her daughter with a nod in silence.
At the dining room table, Risa exhaled with annoyance and then slowly stood upright, nodding with a fake smile to her parents and the rest of the Warfield clan, sliding from the table and spun around, following behind Cinta. She left the dining room and the house.

At 09:09:09 p.m. the telescope exhibition stood several yards from the triangular tepee which was barely illuminated among the beams of bright moon rays. The night sky displayed no clouds or rain, only a starry sky in slight warm temperatures of 70 degrees Fahrenheit.
Cinta drove the terrain vehicle while Risa sucked on her lower lip in silence. Cinta had conned Mrs. Patillo into kidnapping Risa into the forestland for the evening hours with charm, grace, and deception. The machine slowed its speed.
Risa jumped from the machine and stumbled upright on top of the grass with annoyance and a soft yell, balancing her body with a huff of frustration. She stared at the same setup, a telescope on the ground and a tepee on the ground surrounded by the lush woodlands, hearing the singing insects, some wild coyotes, and the whine of the engine.
Cinta drove ahead and slid the machine into stopping while giggling with amusement.
Risa slowly moved ahead and wore a sour frown, stopping a few feet from the telescope exhibition, staring at Garth. He sat inside a telescope chair in silence and observed the bright twinkling stars, then looked down, scribbling a set of math numbers down on top of the paper notepad. Risa tossed her arms in the air and yelled out loud at his hidden face inside the telescope lenses. "I thought you hated me.” He continued to view the bright stars. She slowly spun around and scanned the landscape. 
Risa was very familiar with the tepee location on the Warfield farm property, since the age of eight years old. She had not ever stayed inside the tepee or this part of the farmland during the late evening hours with her friend Cinta as a young kid. The landscape was much darker during the nighttime. The semi-crooked grove of tall trees were illuminated like an army of wiggling pale ghosts as and each insect provided the rattling of limbs like a set of soft chains during the eerier night. The unplowed field wiggled the tiny mounds up and down from the rotating moon beams like a moving mythical beast. The nighttime air was stale and stiff from the heated day of 88 degrees Fahrenheit. Eventually, the land and the air would cool down into 70 degrees Fahrenheit during the early morning hours.
She completed her non-dancing circle and faced the telescope frowning at Garth. “How did you get here to the tepee, before me? Cinta and I left your house way before you even started the truck.”
He continued to view the outer space stars through his telescope. “I started the engine and drove my truck here.”
She spun around and scanned the dark landscape for second time. “Your truck is here. Where is your pickup truck? I don't see it. And why did your birthday present, a brand new watch, stop working straight out from the box and on top of your wrist bone?”
Cinta appeared and collided into Risa, back stepping, extending an armful of items including a set of soft blankets and a picnic basket of food stuff, staring at Risa. “Why did you give me a brand new watch for my birthday gift, Risa?”
She shook her curls to Cinta. “My mom purchased that wrist watch.”
“Where did the newly purchased wrist watch come from, Risa?”
She exhaled with confusion and fury at her friend. “The newly purchased wrist watch came from the wrist watch shop in town. Where else would a perfectly functioning newly purchased wrist watch come from, Garth?”
Cinta stared at Risa. “You need to tell her, Garth!” He continued to work at the telescope. Risa swung around and gasped in shock, staring at Garth. Cinta repeated. “Tell her, Garth! She has the right to know too.”
He looked up and winked at Risa. “I can’t wear a wrist watch.”
Risa frowned. “You can’t a wear wrist watch. Why is that?”
Garth nodded. “The wrist watch and I don’t mix like a pile of fresh water and fresh human blood,” he laughed.
Cinta moaned with annoyance and looked down at her two boot toes, returning back to see her brother. “Don’t go ghoul here, Garth! Risa, Garth is …”
“… a mischievous teenager …” he grinned through the telescope lenses. “I can’t wear a perfectly functioning brand new wrist watch. The end!”
Cinta exhaled with annoyance and continued to hold the items, staring at the rear skull on Risa. “Where did you get that wrist watch, Risa? Why did you give Garth a wrist watch at his birthday party?”
Risa spun around with confusion and shook her blondish-dark tinted curls at Cinta. “I don’t know it was Garth’s birthday party. I thought your…”
Cinta sneered. “Where were you over the weekend, Risa? I came by your house and you were…”
“… with the calves, the cows, the cotton bolls, and the corn stalks, Cinta. Do you like my alphabetic letter C listing?” She winked and watched Cinta move sideways towards the tepee with the supplies for the late night homework assignment.
Garth stood upright from the telescope seat and smiled at the rear skull on Risa. “Risa, I’m sorry, too. I shouldn’t have become so jealous. Okay! I wanna become jealous. I was jealous. Can you please forgive me for becoming so jealous?”
Risa stared at the open fields and exhaled with confusion and frustration. “I’m sorry, too. Garth. It just happened!”
Cinta reached the tepee and stopped at the doorway. "Hmm! What act are you confessing to and what person are you confessing with, girl best?" She leaned inside slowly spreading the blankets into the floor on the wooden hut.
She continued stare into the dark landscape and thumbed back over her collar bone to Garth. “Is Garth staying with us? Because my dad will …”
“Naw!" Garth patted the telescope and smiled at the back spine on Risa. "I came out here and setup the telescope for the sunrise event. Now, you are ready to collect your data for your …”
“… science homework assignment...” Risa turned and frowned at the back spine on Cinta, who leaned into the tepee and worked on the blankets. “I truly don’t remember being told to write down an outdoor sunrise homework assignment, Cinta, Garth." She turned and smiled at the telescope, gasping in shock. "Where is Garth? He was standing right here. Where is his truck? I didn't see his truck. Where did he go?”
Cinta back pedaled from the floor on the tepee and stood upright, looking up into the night, pointing at the stars. “Now, our bed is made. Our camp site is set. We camp out here among the stars waiting for the meteor shower.”
She gasped in shock and returned back with a worried brow, stomping her flip-flop over the hard dirt and dry grass. “You are joshing with me.”
“And then we watch the raising of a full moon that will illuminate the dark forest.”
“You are joking with me.”
“And then we see the tiny beginning sequence of the upcoming Syzygy planetary alignment of five planets at the sunrise beans.”
“You are kidding with me.”
Cinta exhaled with annoyance and looked down, viewing Risa. “This is part of our science project lesson plus an oral assignment which is due tomorrow, not yesterday, not the next day, but tomorrow morning in our shared science class. Where have you been living on another planet within another solar system, Risa?”
“Well, I have been living here and there, too," she giggled with her deep, fun secret.
Cinta frowned. “What were you doing at Beck’s house this weekend? Kissing his face for a second time …”
“I thought we were doing our science homework assignment. I was riding around my farmland inside my new terrain vehicle, when I spotted Mrs. Actworth on her rear patio. She waved at me. Then, I drove to her house, where she invited me inside her big mansion for some milk and cookies. Okay! All right! Drop your busy-bee nosy, hairy nostrils of jealousy and curiosity!”
“Did you see a she-ghost or two walking around their parlor room, which is the first room on the left wall inside their former funeral home?”
Risa gasped in alarm. The first room on the left wall was the Mirror room with three walls of mirror. She nodded with a smirk at her secret information from within the Actworth manor and the gods and goddess of the Actworth clan.
The mirror reflected the sunlight and casted dark shadows throughout the house. Decades ago, people didn't speed in fast automobiles but rode in a horse and buddy, who was slower. So, some young kids viewed the swift flashes of sunlight reflection on each one of the mirrors thinking the image was a he-ghost. Risa didn't laugh at her humor thought but frowned with annoyance, saying to her friend Cinta. “Are we staying out here all freaking night?”’
Cinta nodded with a smile. “Yup! We must describe a falling meteor shower that will attacking the grassy plains in the US State of Arizona. But here, in Bama, we will see the edge of the storm.”
She crossed her arms for annoyance and smiled. “I see a set of falling white stars with a long monkey tail coming down from the heavens.”
“We must describe the full moon.”
“A big bright yellow colored ball of rock, not made Swiss or American or cheddar cheese, Moon maiden.”
“And we must answer the question. What color is Planet Venus?”
“O my stars! The love planet is..." Risa frowned and dropped her arms, patting her new blue jean skirts on each pocket, whipping out her personal mobile telephone. "Gimme me a few seconds! I’m accessing the proper colored answer,” she typed on the tiny keyboard with a smile. “I found it. Planet Mercury is colored in puke green having only a rocky surface with no atmosphere. Planet Earth is colored in green and blue. Every earthling at the age of four years old knows that planetary fact. Planet Mars is red from the rusty colored dirt. Planet Jupiter is orange and white bands of clouds from all of ammonia clouds. Planet Saturn is pale yellow, white ammonia clouds with red clouds at the South Pole. Planets Neptune and Uranus, each show a light blue dot in black outer space, due to methane cloud cover. The ice belt of Pluto is a brown round dot for the presence of dirty methane ice on the surface. Even the cosmic fairy doesn’t clean the corners of outer space,” Risa laughed. "Planet Venus is yellow or white or pink, depending on the angle of the sulfuric acid clouds, when solar sunlight band hits the atmosphere. There! I am done with my homework assignment! That was easier than I imagined.”
Cinta frowned. “What is the color of Planet Venus again?”
She wiggled her phone near her smile. “Pick a freaking color from the list of internet tones. Which do you like the bestest of colors? Yellow or white or pink! I like yellow.”
Cinta exhaled with annoyance. “Risa, Planet Venus holds a false-color image within the naked human eyes and the naked telescope eyes, even for a professional stargazer. Within the planet’s atmosphere, Venus is colored in yellow. Depending on the angle of Venus to Earth, the ultraviolet light displays the color of black in the low regions and white in the high altitude mountains, presenting an overall color of white. On the planet surface, the volcanic rocks throw off a red-color, but the atmosphere blocks a lot of the light making the surface to our eyeballs using a telescope kinda dim with a reddish tinge which is called pink.”
“A reddish tinge is pink, like a girl, which is me,” she giggled. “Now, I have answered all the questions for our homework assignment, in the middle of a freaking corn field. I wanna go home and sleep in my own comfortable bed with non-satin bed sheets, Cinta.”
Cinta shook her long curls and spun around, crawling inside the floor on the tepee. “You can go home and sleep in your own bed, Risa. While I will continue onto the college of my choice and you will be repeating our senior class assignments for a second time. And your mother will produce a litter of kittens. This project counts as fifty percent of your academic grade in the subject of earth science. If you fail the assignment, then you will attend the summertime school sessions and then miss the first semester of college, with me.”
“Fine!” She tossed both of her arms in the air, without losing her mobile telephone and then paced ahead and the stopped. She stored her phone back down inside the pocket and leaned down, slowly crawling over the pad of thick soft blankets, sitting on top of the fabric with a smile. “Okay! All right! Where are the pair of spying binoculars?”
Cinta handed Risa an ink pen and a pad of paper instead and started lecturing. “The night air temperature is currently 73 degree Fahrenheit without a rain shower. A clear sky will be a good sunrise horizon. Tomorrow is September, the 23rd. We must arise at six am seeing the bright dawn light, which will be 91.677 miles away from the solar sun, and the beginning sequence of the Five Stars rare outer space event that occurs whenever it wants too.”
“Whatever!” Risa scribbled down the notes from the lips of Cinta and then tossed the ink pen and pad of paper at the side hard wooden wall on the triangular shaped tepee. The flooring was not covered in carpet, only thick moist wooden planks. She plopped down and cuddled like a bug on top of the soft pad of blankets, staring at the side wall.
Cinta faced the opposite side wall and sniffed the air waves, whining with annoyance. “You smell.”
“Your pair of cowgirl boots smell.”
“You smell like a fresh pile of possum poo.”
“Your pair of cowgirl boots smell like a pile of possum poo.”
Cinta frowned. “No. I do not smell. You smell.”
“Close your two nose holes from the odor here inside the tepee. I'll too tired and bored to care, Cinta,” Risa closing my eyelashes and neurons to her numbing former friend on the heated evening hours of September in the small cow town of Apollo within the great US State of Alabama.
Monday, September 23rd


06:30:33 am
Sunrise of pinks, yellows, blues, and golds.
70° Fahrenheit with pale blue sky without clouds
Tepee location


The tall body folded down over a sleeping Risa and tickled her eardrum with warm whispers. “Risa! Get up! It's time to rise and shine.”
Risa swung her satin coated pillow into the annoying heated body and covered her head with the blanket while whispering for her eardrums only. “Naw.”
“Risa, please, wake up!”
“Naw,” she folded into a cuddle and kissed the soft blanket with happiness of slumber.
“Risa, I have a cup of hot chocolate for you, honey pie.”
She gasped in shock and twisted the blanket from her face, blinking her eyelashes, seeing him. “Garth!” Risa wore the same outfit, a dirty lavender colored tee shirt, the pair of matching lavender walking shorts, and her dirty pair of dark blue cowgirl boots with the sweaty socks on her heated feet.
He extended his hand to Risa for standing. “You guessed my name.”
She wiped the eye crud from her two eye sockets. “Where is your sister Cinta?” 
“She had finished her science homework assignment and then scooted back home for the real bed mattress.”
Risa sat upright in shock. “What! Cinta left me here and alone without food and water.”
He sat down and slapped his chest. “I’m here now.”
She smiled. “Yeah, you are here. What do we do first?”
Garth crawled backwards from the tepee and stood upright on top of the dirt. Risa crawled over the blankets when he assisted her from the tepee floor and stood beside his body. He pointed to the telescope platform with a nod. “Now, we lay under the stars.” He moved ahead with a smile towards the telescope.
Risa used her heart instead of her mind. “Do we lay down on top of the blanket? Are we going to kiss?” She rubbed her eyelids and scanned the partial dark and partial light from the dull dawn.
He dropped down and stretched over the padded platform, reaching up, adjusting the telescope. “We do that later.”
She stopped and frowned down at Garth. “Why do we do that later?”
He shifted the telescope equipment over his body while lying on top of the wooden platform with a pad of thick blankets. “We’re doing our science homework assignment, so I can graduate from high school. Then, we can start some new biology homework assignment,” he chuckled. Risa dropped down and copied his body pose, staring into the sky. Garth handed her the object. “This is a mini-telescope from my invention with two-times eyeball magnification. Place it over one of your eyeballs. We got lucky this morning. There is another meteor shower going on, right now.”
She closed one eyelid and focused on the lenses, seeing the falling meteor shower from the clouds. “The meteor shower fills the entire sky like a shower of shiny glittering snowflakes with an individual cat tail hitting down in my front manicured lawn. I bet my dad is mad at the fiery sparks eating up his manicured grass. The meteor stars streak from the left to the right and then across the entire semi-dark sky. This is so pretty!”
“A storm of meteors falls at one hundred rocks-per-minute. This is part of the Syzygy effect in outer space, before the actual Five Star planetary alignment. We’re pretty lucky to witness this fantastic celestial rare event. Can you see Planet Venus?”
“I…” am bored with the science homework assignment.
“Right now, Planet Venus is a delicate crescent shape in the early morning skyline. Tonight, Planet Venus will become fully round. Her soft vapors will steam sulfur mineral and acid flames bombarding her surface soil and then drift up into the atmosphere like a plumes of pink tinted smoke stacks.”
“Pink.” Risa repeated with a smile.
“Yup! The color of Planet Venus is pink due to the heavy concentrate of sulfur…”
She whipped the mini-telescope from her face and closed her sensitive eyelids. “The sun is coming up. I need to get home, before my…”
He gently slammed his arm over her breasts. “Naw! Look at this thing.”
She frowned without viewing the sky. “Look at what!”
“Watch! Look at the green flash over the setting sun! It lasts for about two seconds.” Risa continued to stare into the bright sunlight. Garth continued. “Usually, Planet Earth is the farthest point from the sun in the month of sizzling July and is closer to the sun in the month of cold January. The space between the calendar months comes in the formation of colored radiant heat which is dropped down from the sun and then received by Planet Earth. However, the rare Syzygy event is pulling the planet closer to the solar sun. Watch this! It will only lasts for mere seconds.” A brief bright pale green flash occurred over the top of the solar sun.
Risa gasped in shock. “I saw. I see. I…”
“The landmass in the northern hemisphere is winter cold. During the Syzygy event, the southern hemisphere, which is here and us, will become extremely superheated worse than the summertime hotness." He turned and smiled at her.
"O! Wow! I get it now. We must stay indoors during the Zyzy thingy.” She turned and leaned over kissing  his face with a soft giggle.

At 07:51 am, at the Apollo High School, the sky appeared dull and gray than bright and blue. 
Risa parked her sports car inside the student parking lot, opening the door, sliding out and ran into a wall of hard muscle, wearing a fresh girly body and a new fashion outfit, a white tee sleeveless tee shirt, a blue jeans mini-skirt, and the pair of dark blue cowgirl boots, holding her majorette baton and her key fob. Her academic textbooks were inside her school locker, like normal. She didn't wore a purse as the key fob started the car and what else did a farm girl need in life.
Garth reached out with a chuckle and grabbed both of her arms and whirled them around with soft laughter of fun, cuddling her into his chest with teenly love, releasing her. He stood six feet and one inches tall and wore a white tinted tee shirt that clung to his board shoulders, his muscular chest, and his packed abs, a pair of fresh ripped, faded blue jeans, and his familiar pair of orange and red colored cowboy boots. His orange tinted leather belt displayed a silver belt bucket. Garth spun them in the direction of the entrance point of the high school building.
They slowly strolled ahead with a smile and lightly chatted with sweet words through the smooth parking lot while ignoring the other high school students and entered the building, slowly padding down the hallway as one creature and then finally went inside the homeroom class. Garth continued to cuddle Risa and halted a few feet from the open archway into the school room. 
On the side wall, high school and current boyfriend of Risa, eighteen years old and god male Beck sat inside the fake wheelchair and looked up with a gasp in alarm, seeing Risa in another man's arms with shock, surprise and sadness.
Risa did not move from the archway or the cuddle with her new boyfriend Garth, staring with a  sad face at her former boyfriend and male teen god at Beck, exhaling with pained sorrow knowing the truth about Beck. Beck was teen god. Risa was a human. She leaned into Garth’s chest and looked down at the floor. Garth was a human too.
Garth continued to hug Risa and nodded with a smile to Beck. “Me and Risa did our science homework together this morning.”
Bobby Joe winked at Garth and turned laughing to Beck, “You did your this morning. Way to go, pal!” He returned back and smiled at Risa.
“This morning, you did your thing. Good going, buddy!” Billy Joe nodded to Garth and then turned chuckling to Garth, returning back to see Risa.
“This morning, I did my thing, boy!” Garth squeezed her shoulders and started to nod several times with a bright smile at each one of his friend and then finally looking at Beck. “We've been together, since last night, inside the tepee.”
“Inside the tepee, you and her have been together since last night. Way to go, pal!” Billy Joe winked at Garth turning to laugh at Beck.
“Inside the tepee, they were doing it together. Good going, buddy!” Bobby Joe laughed with amusement and turned winking at Beck. Beck looked down and flipped open the textbook, exhaling with angry and sadness, seeing the words without comprehending them.
Risa continued to stand and cuddle with Garth exhaling with a set of awful feelings. The school bell rang. Risa and Garth split apart and went to their separate high school student desks, listening to the homeroom teacher, before the first period academic class.

Four hours later, at 11:01 am, at the fourth time period, inside the science class location, science teacher Miss S sat behind her wooden desk, nodding with a smile to the students. “Good morning, class! Who would like to be the first oral reporter on their cosmic adventure that occurred at sunrise horizon today? We were blessed with an array of spectacular celestial bodies, this am.”
In the last row of crooked student desks, eighteen years old Bobby Joe continued to sit and shouted out loud without lifting both of his muscular arms in the air. “So, Garth and Risa were blessed with another spectacular celestial pair of bodies also, this am, underneath the starry sky, too,” he chuckled along with the other students and slapped both of his palms down on top of the empty surface making a loud smacking noise.
Risa gasped in shock and viewed the black tinted hair roots on Beck. He continued to look down and studied a closed academic textbook cover in silence.
Garth didn’t bother to raise his hand for the teacher and shouted out loud with a smile. “The Milky Way Galaxy stretches across the black tinted night skyline in shades of midnight blue falling down into a royal purple and cascading into a light blue hue. Then the array of pale yellow bleed down into a bright orange running down toward the radiated red tinted heat of the Earth’s horizon, this morning, of course. The Earth’s axis wobbles slightly inside my telescope with the pull of gravity from the other four planets affecting the Earth’s atmosphere. Then I pick out the rounded objects, seeing Planet Mercury…”
Miss S lifted her palm and stared at Garth. “Hold up! If you, two both worked on your science class assignment together, this morning, then I want you, two to provide an oral report on the science class assignment together. What colors were present in the cosmic planet of Mercury?” The teacher pointed with a smile to Risa in silence.
Risa continued to stare at the hair roots on Beck. “Puke green.”
“Correct!” Miss S nodded with smile.
Garth nodded with a smile and continued the science homework assignment. “The genuine cosmic phenomenon had been predicted by the Mayans, Romans, Greeks, Babylonians, and Sumerians. The Five Stars event, this evening, will align the sun, the moon and five outer space planets in a semi-crooked line-up while Planet Venus acts as the common denominator of the configuration.”
“What color is the love planet?” Miss S turned and nodded to Risa.
“Pink,” Risa looked down at her desk surface. Alien teen princess Cinta giggled out loud and slapped her elbow into Risa for fun while staring at the hair roots on male teen god Beck. 
“That is correct!” Miss She nodded with a smile.
Garth continued. “After mapping out the five different planets or stars comprising the planets of Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Venus, and Mercury, we finished verifying each celestial location using he Sigma Octantis method, where each one was located in the dull section of southern constellation of Octans, which is called the Octant.”
Miss S frowned. “The Polaris of the Southern Sky is only one twenty-fifth as bright as the North Star, student Garth. How did you find the Sigma Octantis last night?”
Billy Ray laughed out loud with a nod and slammed the empty student desk surface. “Yeah, Garth found it, because he came from there, ya’ll,” he chuckled with some of the other male students.
Risa turned and frowned at Garth in silence. Garth nodded with a grin to the teacher. “I relayed upon the Southern Cross, where the longer bar points almost precisely stands at the south pole in the sky, Miss S.”
Miss S reached over and cut off the ceiling lamps, where a black screen appeared on the wall. She lectured out loud in the semi-dark room setting, “The upcoming planetary alignment is our hot subject topic for the day," she chuckled. "During the day, not at night, the moon and lots of bright planets are gathering around the solar sun. You can sometimes see all of the five planets as a white glittering object against the black sky at sunrise. Because, the Earth’s atmosphere scatters the sunlight in all different directions blocking the celestial planet alignment. And, during the daylight hours, the celestial playground contains all the outer space worlds along with the solar sun as the sun bright rays splash over each planet. But, if I touch this button …” 
The image on the black board magical displayed a line of five colorful outer space planets that rotated in a circle, like the student was viewing the actually planet. The group of students gasped in alarm. She smiled in the dark and continued to lecture to the students. “I have removed Earth’s atmosphere and shielded out each one of the massive blinding sun’s rays. Now, you are seeing the closer line-up of the solar Sun, Planet Mercury, Planet Earth, Planet Mars, Planet Jupiter, and Planet Saturn, not clustered but aligned. The seven objects are very, very close to falling in a straight line but do not meet that criteria. My celestial point, the newest rare phenomenon is called the Syzygy event. The rare occurrence will be present and seen like a live action television show as you will also experience it. I promise. The Syzygy event is predicated to happen here millions of miles above the low-lying farm crops and open cow and horse green tinted meadows in the small cow town of  Apollo too.”
“Yeehaw!” One female student cheered with happiness inside the dark room.
One male student laughed out loud inside the dark. “Gimme my shotgun!”
“Gimme my knife!” Another female student screamed out loud in the dark.
Billy Ray turned and sneered at Beck in the dark, “Gimme my enemy!”
In the darkened room, Miss S continued to lecture. “Planet Venus is the farthest star away from Earth rather than the solar sun. But the love planet is getting closer to us,” she giggled.
"I love it!" A female student laughed out loud in the dark.
"I hate it!" Another female student yelled out loud in the dark.

Five hours later, at 03:54:21 pm, the pale blue sky was clear of clouds. The air temperature was heated and the Apollo marching band was practicing in numerous straight lines playing a musical song on top of the grassy football field. The group of majorettes were standing near the sidelines working on the new twirling routine, standing in a semi-crooked line.
Teen alien, head of long blonde-haired, tone of golden colored skin, Cinta stood on the football field and wore a pair of orange colored tee shirt, a pair of walking shorts, and a pair of orange tinted sneakers, slamming a frontal body into her enemy Lara Lee, sneering into the face on the teen goddess. “She didn’t know.”
Tall, dark-haired, dark-skinned Lara Lee back stepped with a sour frown from Cinta and wore a red tinted tee shirt, a pair of walking shorts, and a pair of white tinted sneakers, exhaling with annoyance while pursing her lips and whispered back to the alien teen. “I figured that one out on my own. She's not part of …”
“She’s not part of anything, Lara Lee!”
Lara Lee smiled and tossed her baton in the air and then caught it, staring with a sour frown at Cinta. “Fine! Go and perform a two-turn for your majorette practice session and impress the other majorettes I'm going to meet with Risa.”
“No!”
“Do, as you are told, by me, Cinta! Or something else might happen that cannot be explained away!” Lara Lee spun around with a smile and dashed ahead with a tone of evil laughter.
Cinta snarled with annoyance at the teen goddess and slowly back stepped, staring at Risa, stepping into one of the younger majorettes. She spun around and smiled.  “O! I'm sorry, Alma. We are all going to perform a one-turn rotation on the field this Friday night. So, I'm going to teach you that move. So, let’s start with your pose.”Alma gasped in shock and stared at Cinta in silence.
Risa stood on the end of the majorette with a dizzy headache while trying to demonstrate a twirling one-turn rotation to the other young majorettes, who did not understand the technique. She completed the one-turn one more time and twisted around, halting in front of the three younger majorettes with a smile, without moving her bone skull. She wore the same outfit with her cowgirl boots while forgetting to pack a majorette bag for marching band and majorette practice, this morning. Marching in the boots were really difficult and frustrating for her body and her neurons.
Lara Lee appeared with laughter and slammed into the back spine on Risa, reaching out, grabbing the arm on the teen human and shoved Risa several yards away from the three younger majorettes. "Risa, I would like a word with you."
Risa jerked her arm away from Lara Lee and spun around, laughing out loud at the truth identity of the teen goddess, sneering the teen and pointed down at her cowgirl boots. “Kiss my boots, Lara Lee!”
Lara Lee sneered and leaned into the smile on Risa, when teen alien Garth appeared and stood on the edge of the football field wire fencing winking at Risa. "Risa!"
Risa spun around from Lara Lee and twirled her baton in a circle in front of her body, winking at Garth and then Beck, dropping her baton.
Lara Lee stood and sneered behind the back spine on Risa. “Do it, again, Risa!”
She laughed and shouted out loud. “Do it, tomorrow, goddess!” Risa danced ahead towards Garth on the fence and exited the football field, stopping inside his open arms.
He leaned over and kissed her face, rubbing his rough facial whiskers on her smooth skin, pulling back with a smile. He cuddled her and spun them around away from the football field and marching band musician. The marching band practice concluded at four pm. Garth slowly moved ahead and ventured towards her parked sports car, leaning into her soft cheekbone, whispering with a grin. “Risa, I have a secret to announce.”
Risa exhaled with sorrow and watched the inner courtyard for each parking school bus and any special vehicles, such like, a special van for Beck. Beck sat inside his wheelchair on top of the metal platform, riding the moving lift up towards the rear compartment and then halted without waving good bye to her. He slowly rolled his wheelchair into the internal compartment. Then the double metal doors closed automatically. She whispered for her eardrums only and continued to stare at the special van with Beck. “Yeah, I do, too. It is the Five Stars alignment.” She felt terrible for embarrassing a nice teen god Beck.
Garth smiled. “I have an admission. I can do things.”
She exhaled with sadness and continued to watch Beck. He slowly rolled his wheelchair into the internal compartment, without waving good bye. Then the double metal doors closed automatically. She whispered for her eardrums only. “It is the Zyzy thingy!” Risa felt lousy for hurting the teenly feelings and emotions with Beck.
Garth grinned. “I have a declaration to proclaim. I love you.”
She exhaled with disappointment and watched Beck. His van slowly moved ahead and then the rear set of tail lights blazed in red, stopping at the roadway, releasing the red hue. The van slowly steered ahead over the roadway with the other automobiles. Risa felt awful while making a teen  god an unhappy male and whispered for her eardrums only. “Yeah, it is the planetary party tonight at your house.”
He smiled. “I have a statement. I am an alien.”
Risa stopped beside the passenger door on her yellow tinted sports car and spun around, leaning against the dirty metal, holding her baton and key fob. Garth stopped and spun around, standing beside Risa. Her personal items were inside the passenger seat and the car was unlocked. She turned and frowned at Garth, holding the baton at the big tip, wiggling it up and down in the air waves for fun. “What are you talking about? You're not an illegal alien. You were born here in the great state of Alabama, the year, before me.”
He frowned. “Haven’t you been listening to my proclamations, to me, Risa? This is very important.”
She nodded with a fake smile and as Risa had been staring at Beck. “Yeah! Sorta! So, tell me some more!”
He exhaled with concern and nodded with a stern face to Risa. “I am different from you. I am not like you. I am an alien. I have alien super powers. And I love you, Risa.”
She smiled and continued to wiggle the baton up and down. “Okay! All right! You are an alien. You possess alien super powers. What kind of alien super powers? Show me some of your alien super powers! Wait! Are you going to kiss me? Because, I think that would be super giving me some of your alien superpowers,” she winked with a giggle at Garth.
He shook his bone skull. “I am trying to appear very serious and very sincere, right here and right now, Risa."
She continued to wiggle the baton up and down in the air and giggled. “Fine, Garth! Can you read my active girly mind?”
“No.”
“Can your body disappear in thin air from the high school parking lot? Can you levitate my sports car from the ground? Can you do something really special? Show me one of your alien super powers, super boy!"
He smiled. "All right!" Garth looked down and searched the ground soil, squatting down, catching a wiggling brown colored earthworm and held the bug in his open palm. Risa looked down and frowned at the bug in his palm. He smiled. “Watch this alien move!” He covered the wiggling earthworm with both palms and closed both of his two eyelids, angling his chin to the side, softly grunting. Then he lifted up his palm and revealed a swiveled and dead earthworm.
She looked down with a smile and then gasped in alarm, dropping her baton. Beck had performed that very same supernatural magic trick on another poor earthworm during his short vacation trip on the Mississippi River. Risa whispered for her eardrums only. “The juices are gone.”
“Yeah!” He nodded with a smile. “I made the worm die after I had absorbed all the water moisture from its body.”
She looked up and gasped at Garth. “You are an alien. Are you a good alien?”
“Yeah! Yeah!” He dropped the dead earthworm down on the ground and bushed the dirty particles from his palms, nodded with a smile to Risa. “I’m a good alien. Don’t be scared! My alien-kind have been located here on Planet Earth for centuries, even before the race of humans. Actually, we were here first.”
She did not retrieve the grounded baton and huffed with fury without yelling but sneering. “Do not be scared! I am miffed, annoyed, peeved, chagrined, irked, and all the other related verbs, alien Garth. You're a good alien. You're a supernatural creature living here, right here and right now near me. So, you decide to tell me, right here and right now. When were you going to tell me this new information, during that Zyzy thingy? I’m right, aren't I? Yes, of course, I am right. This all makes perfect sense, right here and right now. The five celestial bodies, the five planetary alignment, and the five whatever is coming right here and right now. I can't believe this. I’m so blind, deaf, mute, and human. You are different from me. I am different from you. Cinta!" She gasped in alarm. "Cinta is your sister. Cinta, she is an alien, too. Cinta is your alien sister. Your mother is an alien mother. Your father is an alien father. Your brothers are your alien brothers. Geez! I feel like an alone and lonely human here on Planet Earth. Are my parents a pair of outer space aliens, too?" Risa squatted down and retrieved her baton, standing upright, cuddling her majorette baton and the car key fob while frowning at Garth with confusion, annoyance, puzzlement, and frustration with the lies and the truths.
He nodded with a smile. “Naw, Risa! But you're really smart for a human girl. And we go together, so well, meshing and mashing and mixing together. Me and you. You and me.”
She gasped in alarm and looked up at the sky, squinting her eyelashes from the bright sunlight. “I'm shocked, surprised, inflamed, and furious with you, alien teen boy Garth. What's your probe? What is this Zyzy thing? I see numerous headlights coming from all of those five planets that are beaming really bright in the late afternoon. This is really a rare outer space and alien phenomena. Are you causing this Zyzy thingy, alien teen boy Garth?”
He looked up and frowned at the bright sunlight that was reflected off the solar sun that beamed over Planet Earth also. “Naw, Risa.”
Risa continued to squint her two eyelashes and lifted her hand, blinding her forehead. “I am a human, not an alien. Are you, alien male going to hide inside a tall tree trunk or underneath a rock stone or inside the man-made house during the Zyzy thing too? Is each human suppose to bury a human body inside their residential house? Where are you going to hide?”
He exhaled with frustration and looked down at her nose profile. “This is a celestial outer space occurrence, every 370 years. Well, I'm glad you asked that question. Yeah, each human must hide from the blinking light. But I and my family did not have to hide inside the house. But I want you to come and hide with me and be with me. You and me. Me and you. That’s all! I love you, Risa! I wanna repeat that. I love you, Risa! I want us to be together for the Syzygy event and then …”
“You and me. Me and you.” she looked down and frowned at Garth shaking my curls. “No! What else is going to happen between you and me and me and you? Why is this Syzygy event, so important for you, alien teen boy Garth?”
He gasped in shock and nodded his bone skull. “Well, the event is. That’s all I can say, Risa. The Syzygy event is very important for me.”
“Is the Syzygy event important like the planetary party importance for …?”
“You.” Garth nodded with a smile.
She exhaled with annoyance and shook her curls, looking down at the pavement, whispering for her eardrums. “You and me. Me and you. These were the same words from..." she looked up and sneered at Garth. "Is that your only freaking famed alien pickup line, alien boy? Geez! I have heard better.” Risa heard the loud humming song and looked up, gasping in annoyance.
Lara Lee slowly approached Risa and Garth. She had changed clothes from the red outfit into a peach tinted mini-sundress with a pair of matching designer high heeled sandals while humming a familiar country song with a sweet smile. She stopped in front of Garth and Risa and reached out, gently touching Garth’s bicep, nodding with a grin. “I’m pooped from my majorette practice while performing all of my successful three-turns. Can you take me back home to my house for the afternoon, Garth?”
Garth turned from Risa with a stern face and softly grunted at Lara Lee, since Risa was mad or upset or confused at the moment with all of his new information. He didn't want to continued to upset Risa until they were together at his house, this evening, during the Syzygy event. Then he could explain his origins and his alien family and his alien life and all of his alien stuff. He nodded with a smile to teen goddess Lara Lee. Yeah, he knew her origins also but ignored the arrogant goddess. He returned back and smiled at Risa. "I gotta go, Risa. I'll call you later, before the Syzygy event. Is that okay, Risa?"
Risa spun around with a stern face and did not response, fiddling with the key fob at her sports car.
Garth returned back with a smile and led the goddess towards his truck and then stopped, standing beside the driver's seat, when Lara Lee slammed into the back spine on Garth, cuddling into his heated body. He wiggled his body from her body and opened the door, sliding down into the driver's side. "Get into the passenger side, god!"
Lara Lee frowned and leaned into the driver's space, "I am a goddess."
"No difference to me! Get inside the truck or stay behind, god!" he growled with annoyance at the centuries old goddess, in which his alien senses could detect, and then he slammed the door shut, starting the cold engine. Lara Lee back stepped from the closing door and gasped in alarm and then snarled at Garth, slowly spinning around, moving ahead towards the passenger door. Garth was really mean and reveled the engine at her prissy butthole in front of the bumper, while snarling at the ancient Greek goddess. She slid up into the truck and slammed the door, starting to sweet talk with Garth. He slowly drove from the parking lot with a soft growl of annoyance and always obeyed the public roadway rules like a good human and a great alien teen.
Beside her sports car, Risa continued to hold the key fob and pondered her angry thoughts, then a warm naked cupped palm hand slammed down on the collar bone of Risa. Risa hear the truck roar towards the roadway and then screamed with fright, staring ahead at the roadway, seeing the tail lights on Garth's pickup truck.
“Can you take me back home to my residential house, Risa?” Cinta said and then laughed out loud.
She exhaled with annoyance and tapped her shocked heart organ, pressing the key fob, opening the car and jerked away from her former friend Cinta and moved ahead into the driver's seat.
Cinta smiled and scooted down into the passenger seat.
She wiggled inside the driver's seat and exhaled with annoyance, staring through the dirty wind shield.
Cinta looked up and frowned at the dirty wind shield, waving her hand. The wind shield cleaned and then cleared off the dirt, like magic. She frowned at the clean wind shield. “You are marked. I marked you with my brother Garth. What do you think about that?”
She sneered. “You lie.”
“I truth.” Cinta smiled at the wind shield.
“Risa, I’m so sorry.”
“Cinta, I'm so sorry too.”
“Garth is the Seventh Son of a Seventh Son. By tradition, he is lucky and superstition magical. There are plenty of aliens living here on Planet Earth with hundreds of distinct families, such like me and Garth.”
“Is there a ruler or king or queen? Are you an alien princess too?”
Cinta giggled, “No! That’s a science fiction book by my favorite author, ELA. Ela likes writing about outer space alien princesses. That ain’t me,” she exhaled with frustration. “The alien families occupy a region of the land, such like, here in the small cow town of Apollo. Our alien life style is based on our alien abilities. My alien great-grandfather had lived here for centuries preferring the simple life of a crop farmer rather than the busy city life of a legal lawyer or a medical physician or a merchandise merchant. Some of your father's farm workers are alien with their alien family units too. Some are working only human family units. So, the humans and the aliens entwine very well here on Planet Earth.”
“What about me? Am I an alien too?”
“Risa, each alien is one hundred percent human, without supernatural powers like a superhero. Garth, he admires you as a crop farmer, adores you as a girlfriend, and loves you like a future human wife. He told you so inside the tepee with his boyish mixed up emotions.”
Risa gasped in shock and slapped the steering column, turning to sneer at Cinta. “Did Garth tattle-tail, on me, to you?”
“I shouldn’t have interfered. I had tricked you. I’m so sorry. You don’t know. You didn’t remember what happened with you and Garth on the night of your birthday event.”
“Well, I do remember and too much,” Risa exhaled with annoyance. “I am too clueless about this marking thingy. What is a marking?”
“There are three stages with a beginning, a middle and an end. Three dreams …”
“I kissed him at midnight on my seventeen birthday,” Risa touched her lips and nodded with shock. “But, I didn’t really feel his sweet kiss. I crouched over his sleeping body, like a thief, and then steal a dry kiss from his soft lips. The event was like a dream.”
“No! You actually did kiss Garth inside his bedroom with your sour breath. That was not a dream, but a real event. I have studied the marking ritual for years, after learning of Garth as a Seventh Son, not a solar sun, either. I had selected Garth for you, Risa. The marking ritual is permanent.”
Risa waved her hands in the air while slapping the rooftop of the car. “Then explain the purpose of this marking thingy.”
She nodded with a smile. “Well, it is pretty easy to comprehend! The actually lip-to-lip kiss like any natural human kiss is an exchange of …”
“... teenly feelings …”
“Mouth spit. Salvia. His alien salvia has bonded your mouth spit,” Cinta laughed.
“You and me! Me and you!” Risa whispered for her eardrums only and pondered the marking thing.
Cinta continued to smile and yak about the marking ritual. “You and Garth are like a pair of newlyweds that are going to get married. You and Garth are bonded, together, foreverly, Risa. Do you understand those human terms? What do you think now, Risa?”
Risa gasped in alarm and stared at Cinta with mixed teenly feeling, tapping both of her hands on the steering wheel with worry, angry, frustration, annoyance. The new information was not good and it was permanent. “What happens? What happens here if I somehow reject Garth and my marking thingy? What happens to Garth? What happens to me?”
She gasped in alarm and then nodded with a fake smile, flipping her hand in the air. "Nothing! No big deal! Really, it's no big deal! The marking is like an engagement diamond ring within the alien world. Sometimes, an angry human female keeps their precious, expensive, diamond engagement ring, if her wedding ceremony is not completed on the planned event. So, you can and go reject on teen alien Garth tossing his fanny out your front doorway like a piece of stinky trash.”
Risa frowned. “All right! I get the pic. Does Garth die or turn into a monster or a he-ghost or something ...”
“Garth turns into an unavailable bachelor. He cannot ever marry another female. He will live the rest of his days and nights as a lonely and alone hermit ...”
“What! Are you fibbing or lying, Cinta? I need to know. This marking thingy, is it dangerous to a human, to me?”
“The marking will actually heighten your teenly emotions and feelings for Garth. His teenly feelings for you are …”
“I got it! So, his supposedly sickness in the first grade, without us. That was his supernatural powers coming or going or something that make Garth too sick and missed elementary school.”
Cinta nodded. “The first set of stars gathered to form the Four Stars, which also affected all of my family members too. The outer space event affected me too; but I barely remembered it. Garth was pale-looking and in a body coma for days and nights inside his bedroom, until the right star moved into right planetary alignment. The stars move around within outer space waves every day and every night forming an alignment that guides all the aliens around the Milky Way Galaxy and beyond. So, this is the alien destiny, too, Risa.”
Risa nodded in silence and reached down, starting the cold engine while watching Cinta with one eyeball for any type of alien girly trick or treats.
Cinta turned and viewed the clear wind shield. Risa stomped the gasoline pedal and wiggled the car, slowly driving down the paved roadway in silence angry and puzzlement. She didn't want to wreck the car and injury her human body as an alien could not become harmed. 
Cinta continued to view the wind shield. “This is all about you, Risa. You are the prize princess. The Five Stars event will secure Seventh Son teen alien Garth inside the alien tower kinda like the fairy tale of sleeping beauty, but in the opposite direction. Alien Garth is the sleeping prince, who is stored inside his alien tower and lives away from the flying bodies and debris. Once the Syzygy event is completed, Garth will emerge and then he and you are supposed to marry foreverly.”
“I hate that word,” Risa continued to drive and sneered at her former friend, who was an alien princess and steered down the empty roadway towards Cinta’s house at 04:58:57 pm.

At 04:58:58 pm, on top of the Warfield meadow field, at the tepee structure, Garth had driven his pickup truck, after receiving a personal mobile telephone call from his sister Cinta that Risa was going to the tepee and to meet him there for a discussion. Garth didn't bother dropping off Lara Lee as she could walk back to her home from his farmland. Garth stopped the truck and parked in the meadow clearing, without the cows and horses. All of the farm livestock, other farm and wildlife animals, fowls, humans, and some of the smarter insects were hiding inside their residential home or barn or nest or tree, without viewing the blinding light beams from the Syzygy event.
Garth had slid from the truck and stood on top of the short grass, cupping his hands from the bright sunlight, scanning the forest landscape. “Did you see, Risa? Where did you see Risa, again, Lara Lee?”
Lara Lee slid out from the truck seat and moved ahead towards the tepee, looking up in the developing skyline at the bright light while squinting her sensitive eyelashes. “Can you still see everything with your pair of naked eyes, Garth? The Five Stars glow is bright but will become the bestest and the brightest with a slight curvy array of rounded circles in white among the dark blue sky of September and then will slowly align into a perfect straight line with the solar sun. The Syzygy event begins in precisely one hour or sixty minutes or 360 seconds from now,” she giggled with a smirk and stopped, standing beside the telescope, staring at the tepee.
He exhaled with annoyance and moved ahead and stopped standing beside the goddess while still scanning the field. “Risa isn’t here hiding inside the tepee or inside the forest woodlands. Cinta said that Risa was coming here. But I didn't see Cinta or Risa. Cinta would never lie to me.” Garth scratched his sweaty eyebrow and continued to scan the forestland without viewing his sister or his marked girlfriend.
She fingered the lush forestland. “I just saw an old beat up pickup truck.” 
“I don’t see any type of moving object, man or man-made.” 
She turned and smiled at his nose profile. “Risa is a marked girl, Garth.”
“Naw!” He continued to scan the meadows in the far distance.
Yes, Risa is marked with his sense. I can smell it. Risa had exchanged with his liquid. Risa had become bitten by a snake within the wildwoods while Risa was with the gods and goddesses on vacation on Saturday evening. Last weekend, Risa enjoyed Beck, without you. They enjoyed each other, without your teenly or alien awareness. I like you, alien Garth. This time period from the Syzygy event is both rare and exotic for both of us,” she winked with a giggle to Garth. “We are allowed to enjoy each other only this time,” Lara Lee nodded with a smile.
Garth gasped in shock and turned with a sneer at Lara Lee. "No! Naw! Never! Nope! I don't go gods or goddesses, girl! Where is Risa? You saw her here inside the forestland. However, I do not see Risa. What is going on here with you, Lara Lee?”
She pouted and placed both of her arms around her back spine while swaying her body side to side. “Garth, I know that I’m only second place, a runner-up within the fancy show. But I like you. I want you to know that. I am a majorette too and I can twirl a baton too. We all came here and then planted down our ancestral roots right here in the great US State of Alabama. I wanna live here foreverly too. And my god and goddess parents and all of my god brothers wanna live here foreverly too. So, you and me could grow our roots right here, too, foreverly.”
He snarled. “Naw!”
“Risa is marked with the scent from a Greek god. Risa smells nasty to your alien nostrils. Risa does to mine.”
He shook his bone skull with a sour frown. “Naw! Risa doesn’t smell to me or my nostrils. I have never noticed a bad odor, but her flora perfume. Wait! How come Risa smells nasty to your two ugly nose holes, ancient goddess Lara Lee? A human smells cute to an alien and a god and a goddess like the sweet odor of a newborn puppy dog. A puppy dog doesn’t smell nasty inside my two nose holes.”
“O! Risa doesn't smell like a puppy dog but a pile of possum poo.”
“If human teen girl Risa is truly marked with a god odor, then the new god scent coming from a new transformed teen goddess Risa would smell beautiful going into your two ugly nose holes. So, that’s means!” Garth gasped in alarm.
A single black colored plastic garbage bag dropped down from the sky and landed down on top of the flat dirt with a loud flop. Garth heard a faint set of screams coming from the enclosed garbage bag and turned with a stern face, staring at the grounded man-made bag, swiftly stomping towards the mysterious bag beside the opening of the man-made wooden tepee, when additional black tinted garbage bags swiftly fell down from the bright skyline.
He stopped a few inches from the opening of the tepee and looked up with confusion, viewing a clear skyline, scratching the sweaty brow, when Lara Lee dashed ahead with a giggle and reached out, using her goddess powers, shoving tall Garth through the triangular-shaped opening on the tepee. Garth swiftly tumbled inside the tepee space and slid forward from the goddess shove over the smooth wooden planks, without injury, stopping in the middle of the single room. He growled at the mean goddess and then slowly stood upright, determining to kill the bitch or only wound her face.
Outside the tepee, in the sky, the Soul Crusher swiftly flew down from the bright light and then hovered over the top of the wooden tepee, wiggling her pale colored hand, levitating each heavy black tinted garbage bag from the dirt ground and in the air waves. She ripped off each plastic tie with her goddess powers.
Thousands of colorful leather-made clutch purses, hand bags, saddle bags, coin purses, and business briefcases carrying the alien captured-soul slowly tumbled down from each torn open plastic material. Each leather item slowly floated through the air and then magically attached onto the weathered tree bark and nasty set of animal skins that covered the tepee, like a jar of sticky honey.
Inside the tepee, Garth heard a set of loud thumps on the man-made tepee and raced ahead, running into an invisible force field, ricocheting backwards with a gasp of shock. He shook his dizzy head and then slowly stood upright, sneering at Lara Lee. The goddess had block the entrance doorway for some reason.
Outside in the skyline, the Soul Crusher slowly descended with a smirk and then landed down on top of the flat dirt, slowly strolling towards the transparent but closed opening on the man-made tepee.
Inside the tepee, a loud baritone voice coming from an imprisoned Garth echoed from inside the enclosed tepee and as his two alien eyeballs stared at an unknown and  unfamiliar tall, female goddess, who exhibited a tone of red tinted skin and black tinted hair on one side of her body and then a tone of white hair and matching red skin on the other opposite side, wearing a golden tinted one-piece jumpsuit.
Garth sneered at the goddess. “What is this? Who are you? What is happening out there? What is happening to me, in here? I can't get out of the tepee,” he shuffled backwards from the blocked triangular archway, without a door, and then raced ahead, ramming his shoulder into an invisible doorway that continued to block the open entrance on the tepee. One at a time, a group of loud soprano, alto, tenor, and baritone screams came from each voice, without an alien body, that was imprisoned inside each leather-coated clutch purse, handbag, coin purse, saddle bag, backpack, and business briefcase. Garth gasped in shock and slowly back stepped from the invisible doorway, scanning each triangular-shaped walls inside the weird tepee, “What thing has surrounded the tepee?”
Outside the tepee, the Soul Crusher smiled in front of the invisible doorway and then stomped closer, viewing a confused Garth, leaning over with a soft whisper, where his alien eardrums could here and his alien mind could comprehend. “Stand quietly, my non-friend alien! And listen to each voice. The voice comes from all of your alien-kind. Each voice is a living soul of a captured body by the Soul Crusher,” she stood upright and leaned backwards while laughing out loud with an evil tone, clapping for fun.
Inside the tepee, he gasped in alarm and slowly spun around, scanning each interior wooden wall inside the tepee space, whispering for his eardrums only. “Souls of aliens, my kin and kind!” Garth could not see the alien body but his mind could see the alien living soul while his two eardrums could here each distressed voice that was trapped inside a leather compartment. He completed the circle and stopped in front of the Soul Crusher, growling at the goddess. “Why? Why are you doing this? What is the purpose here?”
She stopped laughed and then leaned over, winking at Garth. “Each known and unknown god and goddess will finally finish off the alien infection here on Planet Earth. The Syzygy hour is approaching, Alien. Your kind and kin, as the humans like to say, is totally gone.”
A baritone voice echoed across the open meadows that reached the pair of sensitive eardrums on the two goddesses. “Garth!”
The Soul Crusher gasped in shock and spun around from the tepee using her two goddess eyeballs and her two goddess eardrums while scanning the far meadows for the person.
“Garth!” A second baritone voice echoed across the air waves.
The Soul Crusher narrowed her two eyelashes and viewed an approaching posse of six alien males on top of an individual farm horse, saying to Lara Lee. “Who is that group of alien in the far distance, goddess?”
Lara Lee winked at Garth and then spun around, viewing the posse of males and horses. “O! The posses is aliens, who are the six brothers of alien Garth. They ride horseback while searching for the Seventh Son among the alien clan. Since, his alien supernatural powers can triple in strength against his god and goddess enemies,” she spun around and laughed at Garth. “But, only if, the alien Seventh Son can be found, in time, of course,” she giggled with meanness.
The Soul Crusher spun back around with a smile and nodded to Garth. “Your set of  alien brothers cannot hear your voice or see your body, right here and right now. Once the Syzygy event of sixty minutes starts, you will continue to stand here and hide safely inside this prepared goddess tepee structure. Don’t worry about it, my handsomeness! I will return back here to the tepee and collect your person, when the Syzygy event has ended and all of your alien kind and kin are all dead and gone,” she turned and frowned at the nose profile on Lara Lee. “I can’t leave him or this spot within the forestland, without the set of nasty alien senses detecting my sweet goddess odor. So, you must go and entertain the posse of alien brothers for a little while, before the brightness of sunrays begins its total destruction on each alien.”
Lara Lee stomped her two spiked heels and crossed her arms, turning to sneer at the Soul Crusher. “No! Not me, either! I don't wanna entertain the set of smelly alien boys. I’m leaving out from here too and going back to my goddess family clan. That human girl Risa is missing from her residential home. Risa has found Beck, who is my future god-kind husband. And I’m going to dispense all of my nasty goddess attitude on that little nosy southern belle. She will ...”
“That human teen female Risa was our worm bait, goddess. Now, her human job has finished. We are forbidden to harm a single human, for any reason. Why is the human girl bothering your future god-kind husband Beck there at his residential manor?”
Lara Lee turned smiled at Garth. “Human teen girl Risa is marked. And human teen girl Risa loves teen god Beck for some silly earthling reason, like a teen love thing. I need to go and then I should …”
“You are not making any logical sense, to me, goddess. Specific to me! What is this teen love thing?”
She frowned. “Risa smells.”
The Soul Crusher frowned. “That human teen female girl was our worm bait. Why does human teen girl Risa smell inside your two sensitive goddess senses? A human does not smell to a god or a goddess.”
She smiled at Garth. “I told you the shared information. Human girl Risa has been marked by Beck.”
The Soul Crusher shook her curls with a confused brow. “Hmm! That doesn’t make any sense, goddess.”
Lara Lee winked at Garth. “O! I said that wrong. Risa is marked by alien Garth.” She laughed with the Soul Crusher.
Inside the tepee, Garth gasped in shock and dashed ahead in angry, slamming both of his palms into the invisible force field while growling at Lara Lee and heard the rest of the shared conversation.
Outside the tepee, the Soul Crusher reached out and shoved Lara Lee away from the tepee and Garth. “Go now and scoot away the row of nosy alien brothers, before they venture closer towards the tepee with their alien brother. The prepared tepee glows within their two sets of eyelids, which also protects their eyeballs from the upcoming Syzygy event and its blinding sunrays. I will disguise the simple human-made tepee with my inner soul swirling my fluid body around in a faded green hue which is similar to tree forest, instead of a glowing golden yellowish tone. Go now and run along, goddess! I can’t hold my living soul image for too long here.”
Lara Lee slowly back stepped from the invisible blocked archway on the tepee and flirted with cute teenager Garth. “Hey, Garth! Don’t get to cozy in here! I’ll come back after socializing with all of your dead alien-kind and kin. Ta-ta to you, dearie!” She spun around and performed her goddess speed, racing towards the posse of horses and alien brothers with a fake smile.
On top of the dirt, in front of the tepee, the Soul Crusher spun around and watched Lara Lee towards the posse of horses. She closed her two eyelashes and then flared her goddess living soul into the color of light green, slowly stretching her goddess body, covering the triangular-shaped the tepee with one inch from the brown tinted soil ground.
“Hey!” Garth back stepped from the blocked opening and slowly twirled around while scanning each wooden wall. “Where is the bright and blinding yellow tinted sunlight? Why is each internal wall colored in a dull orange inside here? What’s going on? What’s happening outside? Where’s Lara Lee? Who are you, goddess witch?”
In the far distance, a single shotgun echoed across the open meadow.
The Soul Crusher flew off the tepee and withdrew her living soul, dropping back down on top of the flat brown soil.
Inside the tepee, Garth whirled around and viewed the opening with a smile. “Yeah, this is much, much better now. The yellow sunlight has returned back here at the tepee,” he winked at the Soul Crusher. “And I bet my box of fresh yummy vanilla donuts that goddess Lara Lee don’t return back here at the tepee,” he chuckled with delight. One of his six brothers carried a shotgun and killed Lara Lee with the flying bullet. A god and a goddess was made of flesh, bones, and blood too. 
Outside the tepee, the Soul Crusher sneered at Garth. “And I will punish you for that goddess death, too, alien.”
“Go ahead and try it, goddess witch!” He growled in vain. She flew up from the dirt and soared around the clouds, flying away from the tepee for her safety from the approaching aliens. Garth banged with both of his fists on the invisible doorway, until he was physically exhausted. He slowly back stepped and then spun around jerking on the single wooden pole that held up the tepee structure, without breaking the pole, exhaling with worry, staring at the yellow tinted wooden wall and whispered for his eardrums only. “Risa!”

At 05:15 pm, the skyline was glowing in heated sunrays without a single cloud. Risa slammed down on the automobile brakes and then slowly steered over the smooth driveway that led to the Warfield house and finally stopped her sports car near the side garage door.
Mrs. Warfield was standing beside the side garage door and faced miles of farmland without greeting her daughter or her neighbor Risa. 
From the parked car, Cinta opened the door and slid off the seat, dashing ahead and stood beside her mother in silence worry. Inside the car cockpit, Risa exhaled with confusion and sadness from the puzzling situation and rolled down the driver's window, hearing the conversation.
Mrs. Warfield continued to stare into the fields of farmland and hugged her daughter, whispering to Cinta. “Garth, he is missing from the home. We can’t find him anywhere here on the farm.”
Cinta gasped in shock. “That's not possible! Garth left the school campus long before Risa and I did. He drove his pickup truck away from the school. I saw him leave,” she growled with angry. “Garth, he left with goddess Lara Lee.”
She turned and gasped in fear at Cinta. “Garth left the school with goddess Lara Lee. Why did Garth do that?”
Cinta shook her curls and sobbed with worry. “I don’t know. I wasn’t paying attention. I’m so sorry, Mom.”
Mrs. Warfield returned back and scanned the miles of farmland using her alien senses, nodding with a stern face at the corn crops. “Garth is alive. I can sense him. Your dad and brothers are out and tracking Garth down on horseback. The horses can sense the presence and odor coming from a god or a goddess. Garth is still alive. I know it. I feel it. Your dad and brothers will find Garth and that evil little tart Lara Lee. Don't worry, Cinta! We'll stay right here and wait for your dad and your brothers."
Inside the sports car, Risa gasped in shock and then slowly steered ahead without waving good bye to Annabelle or Cinta, while whispering for her eardrums only. “Garth is missing from his home. He is an alien teen. Lara Lee was with Garth. Lara Lee is a goddess. This is not good! Beck is a god. That is good. Beck can help me. Beck can me find goddess Lara Lee and then we can find Garth,” she raced her car down the roadway into her house, slamming the brakes at the front door, killing the engine. She exited the car and entered her house, shouting to her parents. “Mom! Dad!” She halted in front of the refrigerator door and read the hand-written note out loud: We are busy herding all of the farm animals into all of the barns. Stay safe inside the house, Risa! If we are not home before six pm when the blinding sunray start, then we will stay with the stallions.”
Risa nodded with a smile and swiftly back stepped from the refrigerator door, spinning around, dashing to the rear patio door. “Okay! My parents are fine. I am fine. Garth is not fine. Lara Lee is bad. Beck can help Garth,” she exited the house and dashed ahead to her parked terrain vehicle on the side of the barn, sliding down inside the pilot seat, staring the cold engine. She slowly performed a putt-putt drive and moved down the driveway, slamming the steering column with both of her palms, nodding with a stern face. “Beck and Garth are both a supernatural creature. Gods and aliens! Am I living on the correct planet? I don't know. I thought that I resided on Planet Earth. How can I find out?” She laughed out loud with her silly teenly thoughts and then reached down, switching on the radio dial.
The radio connection activated and then the radio announcer from the local radio station said. “There will be a very strong planetary alignment for the following planets here on Monday evening, starting at six o'clock, including the solar sun, Venus, Earth, Mars, Saturn, ,and Jupiter. The strong lunar astrological aspects may foreshadow a potential earthquake. Therefore, the US Federal Government has issued an earthquake watch for the US States of Alabama, Tennessee, and Florida here in the Deep South. There will be intense solar flare activity too preventing telecommunication services including all personal and business mobile telephones, television stations, and radio stations. So, folks, go and hide in your wardrobe closet right now! Your mobile telephone is not going to work, only a working flashlight. The local weatherman wants each individual to treat this rare outer space phenomenon like a tornado drill.”
"Geez! I know all of that! I learned it in my high school science class. O no! I learned it from a gang of outer space aliens also." Risa stopped at the edge of the Actworth driveway and looked up in the sky. The air waves were crisp and fresh while sparking in sharp hisses. The sky started to darken in a purple colored hue without a single rain cloud or bolt of yellow tinted lightning streak. The usual night time hour slowly approaches along with the Syzygy event. Five planets burned in a white tinted circle on the high horizon appearing like a true science fiction Hollywood movie film across the natural skyline.
Risa exhaled with worry and steered into the Actworth manor.
The radio announcer continued. “Folks, we’re going to become blinded without sight in precisely one hour or sixty minutes or 360 seconds of tick-tock time. This outer space planetary alignment is the strongest one within 370 years, that occurred after the establishment of the pioneer village of Jamestown in the present day US State of Virginia, the first English colony here in the America. The Syzygy event will appear like the sunlight is shining all the way from the US State of Hawaii. And that's far away from Alabama! With the blindness factor, the lunar astrological signs will indicate an earthquake with the potential of registering a 7.5 magnitude or higher. There will be only one earthquake, based on the NSI, the National Space Institution which is used by this radio station. The Lunar Modulation favors the US State of Alabama. Yup, folks! That’s us! So, each individual must stay inside your home with each outside door bolted shut and locked, until this thing passes us by. And, it ain’t Brother Jesus coming for us, either,” he laughed into the microphone.

At 05:44 pm, at the Actworth manor, the moon passed in front of the solar sun creating immediate darkness. Risa slammed the brakes and stopped her terrain vehicle, staring into darkness, seeing the Actworth Manor. The house was dark with an outside front porch bulb or an internal illuminated lamp. Beck had invited Risa to his planetary party, so he must be alone inside his residential house. Or Beck had left his house, since Risa had rejected both his teenly love and his nice offer of a goddess marriage. 
The nighttime sky was really dark and blacker than normal as the five planets appeared like a gigantic ball of whiteness inside a beautiful purple colored horizon with a swarm of tiny yellowish lighted fireflies dashing away from the rear patio on Beck’s house.
She slowly steered her terrain vehicle towards the front porch which was empty of individual, without squealing the four tiny tires, parking the machine and slid out from the seat. She whispered for her eardrums only. “This is really strange!” She walked towards the front door and then touched the door knob, hearing a cascade of faint voices, gasping in shock. Beck was alone inside his house. She released the door knob and sidestepped around the columns of boxes, standing at the edge of the front porch, viewing the loud commotion. A swarm tiny yellow tinted fireflies launched from the rear patio on the house. She felt compelled and curiosity.
Risa crouched down and then performed a butthole-crawl on her bend kneecaps, moving towards the edge concrete on the rear patio, passing the row of pretty colorful flowers, a grove of tall light green tinted trees, and rows of short dark green tinted planet bushes, where she could hardly see within the total darkness of the weird night of whatever.
The moon had aligned directly with Planet Earth causing an eclipse or something like that.
Risa fell down on her two kneecaps in pain on top of the hard ground and then dog-walked ahead towards the edge of the concrete, seeing the nosy commotion. Hundreds of rear skull appeared and as a tall slender body with a head of dark colored hair, and a tone of dark skin stood and faced the open crop fields. She whispered for her eardrums only. “Gods and goddesses are all here. Why is that? I don't understand this. Is the planetary alignment party for all the gods and goddesses from all over the world. Beck didn't mention that one to me. I didn't realize any of these gods or goddesses. But each one has dark hair and dark skin like Lara Lee and Beck.”
In front of the gang of standing individual Cox Actworth displayed a golden tinted jumpsuit and waved both of his arms in the air, shouting out loud, pointing at the open kitchen patio doors. “Go! Go! Go straight down the hallway towards the third archway and then turn right. The Wall of Time has been activated for action. Stay inside the mirror room, until the planetary alignment starts. The Syzygy event will ignite with the blinding sunlight rays. Wear your human-made contact lenses. Else, you will become blinded and thus dead. This is our fight with the race of aliens. The race of aliens have killed our goddess girl Lara Lee in cold blood on …”
Risa gasped in shock and whispered for her eardrums only. “O no! Lara Lee is dead and gone.”
Cox continued to yell. “The aliens are both weak and venerable from the sun effects of the Syzygy event at six o'clock. The gods and goddesses will kill all of the aliens in a few more minutes at the stroke of brightness and before the sunlight fades away from our eyeballs. All aliens will be dead in less than one hour or sixty minutes or 360 minutes.” The audience of gods and goddess cheered for the dead battle with the race of aliens.
She gasped in worry and whispered for her eardrums only. “O no! The aliens are in danger from these individual. Garth, he is in danger too!” Risa slowly back pedaled on her two naked kneecaps while ignoring the pain towards the middle of the side sideway and swiftly stood upright, spinning around, running towards the edge of the front porch and the slid into a halt. She stared at the side glass window. “A thief never use the front door, mama!” She squatted down and grabbed a medium-sized stone from a decorative lawn ornaments inside the flower garden, swiftly standing upright, rearing back her arm and smashed the delicate glass pane. “Lawn decorations, thieves love them, mama!” She dropped the stone and then reached out, jerking out a tall semi-light weight iron statue of a pink flamingo bird, banging its metal legs inside the open space, cleaning off the broken glass. She was not a supernatural goddess that could heal her injured body. She yanked opened the window frame without cutting up her hands. The window was nicely greased for a home-selling product.
She tumbled down through the window frame into an empty entrance hallway and sat down on top of the clean floor, hearing a new commotion. A series of soft grunts from each god and goddess in the far distance. Risa swiftly stood upright and then squatted down, performing another butt-crawling maneuver along the side wall and then stopping while listening to the commotion. She slipped into the foyer space and then leaned over, glancing around the wall corner, seeing down inside the hallway which was dark. A round of loud shouts in joy came from the mirror room which was called the Wall of Time. She slammed her back spine into the foyer room and as her heart organ pounded against each one of her ribs inside her cage with fear and worry. Then she viewed the bright light coming from the array of closed window blinds on the far wall and covered her two eyeballs with both of her palms in fear. The Syzygy event had started. The five planets were slowly aligning as rays of bright sunlight beamed through the open broken glass window pane inside the entrance hallway.
She panicked with fear. Risa didn't want to go blind from the blinding sunrays reflecting off the two planets of Jupiter and Saturn, exhaling her heated breathe and then heard the loud words.
“Go! Go! Go and kill the aliens!” Cox stood inside the archway of the mirror room and waved both of his arms, shouting his orders to the other gods and goddesses.
Then Risa heard silence inside the house and exhaled with relief. All of gods and goddesses had entered the Wall of Time to go and find and then kill all of the aliens during the Syzygy event here on Planet Earth.
She did not remove her two palms from her face and slowly slid over the floor reaching the cooler and darker part in the hallway, away from the cracks of bright sunlight inside the glass window panes, stopping against the side wall while hearing a faint grunt that echoed from an inner room on the hallway. Risa removed her hands and opened her two eyelashes, slowly performing a butt-crawl maneuver against the side wall towards the faint sound with curiosity.
She really did not know the layout of Beck’s house, but he was probably not inside the mirror room with the other gods and goddesses. Risa had not seen his body among the gang of gods and goddesses. She continued to crouch against the side wall and then stopped, looking back over her collar bone, scanning an empty room. Then she returned back and scanned ahead in the darkness while seeing nothing but fearing everything and then heard a series of faint grunts come from an inner chamber along the same side wall.
Risa slowly stood upright with both fear and curiosity moving ahead towards a lighted room then stopped, standing inside the open archway. A long black tinted ponytail on a tall dark skinned male was beating and then punching on high school student, eighteen years old Beck. He was cuddled in a folded pose on top of the floor and hid his face while bleeding from a set of open wounds showing through a torn dark blue sports coat on his naked arm, his naked face, and one naked section of his lower leg from his torn pair of tan colored trousers with one tan colored dress shoe on one foot. The other shoe stood alone and lonely several feet from Beck. 
“Dang!” Risa gasped in alarm and then swiftly back stepped from the open archway while thinking of a new plan to save Beck from a mean god male, spinning around towards an empty hallway and dashed across the darkness with a gasp. She stood inside a large room and viewed the damage. The damaged space was filled with broken and busted tossed picture frames, granite statues, marble busts, ripped manual books, and torn furniture pieces. “Dang!” She whispered for her eardrums with confusion and fright and scanned each one of the broken pieces in marble, porcelain, canvas, and concrete and then moved ahead, squatting down and touched the heavy object, without lifting the object into the air. “I am touching Thor’s hammer from the Scandinavian god of thunder. Yeah, baby! This should stop the Ponytail god from wrecking Beck's handsome face,” she exhaled with worry and jerked the item without moving the object,  slowly dragging the heavy piece of concrete over the smooth tile floor, scratching the delicate mineral. She continued ahead and moved over the hallway floor into the lighted room while exhaling in fear, panic, and exhaustion and then reached the open archway. The Ponytail god continued to punch on Beck, who still cuddled in the fetal position on top of the floor.
Risa held her breathe and leaned down, holding Thor's hammer with both hands, lifting upright her torso, swinging both of her long arms back and forth, moving ahead towards the rear skull on the Ponytail god. She slammed the concrete piece into his back spine using all of her human strength.
Ponytail god stumbled forward and tumbled over a folded Beck, hitting his upright body into the far wall and then he bounced backwards, spinning around with a sneer at Risa. She gasped in alarm and froze in place without a mental thought of flee or fight.
On top of the floor, Seventh Son god teen male Beck unfolded from the fetal pose and then struggled upright, standing on one kneecap, lifting his hand in the air, discharging out a light blue beam and hit the floor tile. He shook his bone skull and his hand at the same time while aiming his bloody index finger, releasing a longer light blue beam at an advancing and angry ancient male god with the long black tinted Ponytail.
The light blue beam hit the male god in the chest and then his running body flamed into a small fireball, disintegrating into a drifting pile of colored ashes.
Risa bounced up and down with joy and cheered for Beck, “Good shooting, Tex!” Beck collapsed down on his two knees and his hand palms breathing out loud. She gasped in alarm and dashed ahead, sliding down over the floor, colliding into his side with worry. She leaned down and whispered into his face. “Beck, are you conscious? Are you in pain, Beck? Do you need a medical physician or god medicines? I don’t know what a teen god does for healing.”
Beck grunted out loud in pain and continued to rest on the bloody floor, pressing individual finger pads, swiftly healing his own body and softly said to Risa. “Help me up!” She assisted Beck to stand upright and walked him to the long sofa, cuddling him into her breasts, exhaling with worry. “What’s going on in here, Beck? Who are all of those other gods and goddesses outside and inside your residential house? Where are your parents? Who is that cute but mean god guy?”
He exhaled with minor pain and continued to touch each wound with his healing finger. His white tinted tee shirt was covered in his blood and ripped on one side, exposing his dark tinted skin with some wounds also. Risa watched a tiny pale blue spark come out from his red tinted finger pad that healed each open wound and every black tinted body bruise. “I do not know the other gods and goddesses here inside my house. I was quietly reading inside the library.”
“What happened to all of your awesome god powers?”
He exhaled with minor pain and continued to sit on top of the sofa. Risa sat down on the floor and stared at Beck in silence. He continued to touch each wound with his god senses. “The Syzygy event is draining me, right now and right here, during the period of blinding sunlight, for some reason. After the Syzygy event has concluded, I will be restored back to my awesome god powers.”
“Lara Lee is dead.”
He sneered and continued to heal his body. “You lie.”
“No! I was hiding around the wall corner of your house. I saw this swarm of tiny yellow tinted fire flies in the night sky, right before the bright rays of sunlight. I followed the swarm of tiny fire flies when each fly landed down on your rear patio. Your older god brother Cox was there on the patio porch also. He said that the aliens had killed goddess Lara Lee and then gave out the command order to attack and then kill all of the aliens.”
He finished healing his body that pulsed in tender pain, staring down at the smooth tile floor, exhaling with knowledge. “Lara Lee, she had been the agent of trouble. She deserved what she received for causing this upcoming god-alien bloody massacre,” he shook his bone skull, “And, my family is involved in the bloody fight, too.”
“What is happening here in the town of Apollo, Beck? Why are the gods and goddesses and your god family and your god brothers going and doing within this Zyzy thing? We have to go and help and save all of the aliens from your nasty race of gods and goddess including your god family and your six god brothers.”
He looked up and exhaled with annoyance. “The best that I can understand here with my shared knowledge coming from goddess Lara Lee and the lack of shared information from my biological mom plus doing a little research, before that god male showed up here inside my den setting. There is a silence treaty, without fighting, between the aliens and the gods that no one particular likes. My god father leader and their alien father leader had instigated the silence treaty eons ago. But, now, the new Syzygy event creates a common battle ground for the aliens and the gods which will occur out of sight and out of hearing for each human. Right now, each human is hiding inside their home while safe and sound, without knowing the secret super power Civil War of the Gods and Aliens is taking place in each city street and in every manicured lawn. Unbelievable! The Syzygy event acts like a beacon to each alien. The continuous sunlight beam exposes their alien aura with an opposite shade of midnight black, which is easily distinguished from the light. That means each alien is a standing target right here and right now.” 
“Garth is an alien. He is one of them.”
He chuckled with a wink. “I know that.”
She gasped in shock. “You knew. He knows. Am I the only human in the bright sunlight that does not know?”
“Yes!”
She frowned. “Fine! Whatever! You and I need to go and help and save all of the aliens.”
He shook his bone skull. “I don’t know, if there is anything I can do, Risa. I am not really my usual jolly selfie, right here and right now. I wanna help also, but I only bleed and bruise,” Beck chuckled with teenly amusement as the great Seventh Son couldn't light a stick match right now and right here during the Syzygy event.
She hissed. “Lara Lee left out with Garth inside his pickup truck, this afternoon from the school campus, right after band practice. I saw it. Garth's dad and his six brothers found Lara Lee probably near or with Garth and they all killed her goddess body. That’s makes perfect logical sense to me also. Lara Lee did something terrible to our friend Garth for both meanness and revenge. That would explain the reasoning for murdering her in cold- blood with a human trial and jury of her peers.”
“I agree.”
“So, we need to go and find and save Garth from the other gods and goddesses, Beck.”
He exhaled with frustration and wore a frown. “So, I need to go and help save Garth. Today is the day that I come and rescue my swore enemy.”
Risa nodded with a smile and swiftly stood upright, reaching down, grabbing the arm on Beck. He stood upright and jerked from her body, moving to his other dress shoe, placing on a naked feet. Then he followed Risa from the den room setting, turning down the hallway and entered into the mirror room which was called the Wall of Time.
Inside the mirror room, Risa and Beck both stopped and stood in front of the forward mirror that held a mist of gray tinted swirling clouds. The image displayed an open meadow with numerous tiny black rounded dots running forward, backwards, sideways against other dots in bright yellow balls and then some of the black and then yellow dots disappeared from the image.
Risa frowned at the image through the swirling clouds with confusion. “What am I looking at through the mist? I don't recognize the place or the people or the pets.”
Beck reached out and frowned at the true image of the civil war, where numerous gods, goddesses, and aliens were dead. “I need to find and locate alien Garth,” he touched the mirror, when the image changed and displayed a wooden triangular tepee that glowed in yellow hue.
She gasped in shock and jabbed a finger at the image on the mirror. “Hey! That is our tepee! Cinta and I enjoyed hours of playtime inside and outside that tepee during our shard childhood and teen years. The tepee sets inside the woodlands in-between the Warfield and the Patillo property lines. Is Garth really there? Why would Garth be located there at the silly tepee?”
“I can’t answer that question, Risa. But, we can go there and seek an answer. The Wall of Time would be a much quicker pathway rather than one of the human land vehicles or my silence glider. Is that okay?”
She reached out and grabbed his hand, nodding with a stern face, “Do it, too it!” Risa entered first through the mirror and into the mist, holding her breathe with worry, stepping immedate through the other side.

At 06:16 pm, during the Syzygy event, within the clearing dirt beside the tepee, Risa stomped down onto the bright light, releasing Beck's hand, touching down onto the flat dirt soil. A glowing tepee in golden twinkles nicely blending into the bright rays of sunlight coming from the five planets and the solar sunlight.
Beck exited next from the mist and shielded his two sensitive eyeballs, slowly dropping down his hands in the cool tall tree shade. He blinked both of his two eyeballs while adjusting to the Syzygy blinking sun rays  and then frowned with confusion, slowly moving ahead towards the tepee. “What is this thing?”
Inside the tepee, alien teen Garth stood on top of the floor and slowly moved ahead towards the blocked opening while waving with both arms and smiled at Risa. “Hey, Risa! Can you hear me out there? There is lots of room in here the tepee for a couple of chairs and you, girl!”
Risa gasped in shock and rushed ahead, stopping in front of the doorway, reaching out and touched the invisible force field. “I see you in there, Garth. Hush, Garth! How do we get Garth out of there, Beck?”
Beck slowly moved around the tiny tepee structure while examining the surface hut. “I’m thinking.”
“Well, think a little faster please!” She continued to stare at Garth and exhaled in nervousness and sadness.
“What is happening outside there during the Syzygy event?” Garth stood in front of the blocked force field and asked Risa. “I can’t see any color but yellow tinted brightness here inside the internal walls of the tepee.”
She giggled. “Brightness ain’t a color, boy! And brightness is covering the entire dirt soil, the blue colored sky, and the yellow solar sun. The outdoor forest, crop fields, and cow pasture appear like the entire planet atmosphere is another new solar sun of bright light and heated heat.”
Garth jabbed a finger at the object, “Risa, go and use my telescope binoculars! Tell me! What is happening beyond the tepee woodlands?” 
Risa nodded with a stern face to Garth and spun around from the tepee, dashing ahead to the telescope binoculars, sliding down underneath the gigantic lenses. she tilted the lenses and viewed the crop fields absorbing the commotion.
At the tepee, Beck continued to slowly scoot around the wooden hut for a second time while exhaling with worry, studying the exterior material. “This is really strange.”
She continued to study the commotion. “Geez! Both of you are acting really strange.” The soil ground shook from a mini-earthquake. Risa wobbled on top of the flat platform and then screamed out loud in fear. “What’s going on here? What's happening here? Why am Ii shaking like a blender here?”
Beck completed the second view and stopped, standing in front of Garth. “That was one of the numerous effect from the Syzygy event which will continue to cause minor earthquakes and blinding sunlight rays. However, I am very surprised that human girl Risa can see through the blinding rays and view Garth.”
Garth frowned at Beck. “You can see me, too, Beck.”
He nodded with a smile and then studied the tepee. “I am the Seventh Son of the gods and goddesses. So, I can do some nifty stuff, too, alien teen Garth.”
Risa continued to rest over the  platform and studied the commotion. “Okay! I got new information. During this Zyzy thingy, the entire landscape glows in a pretty bright yellow hue, not white. Wow! And, there are big and little yellow tinted tiny dots falling down from the yellow tinted sky.”
Beck nodded at the tepee. “Each one of these yellow tinted dots is a god or a goddess warrior dropping down from another Wall of Time that could be anywhere throughout the USA or the entire world.”
Inside the tepee, Garth sneered at Beck. “And each one of those god and goddesses warriors are attacking each one of the black colored balls on the ground.”
Risa continued to narrate the civil war from the telescope lenses. “Each black tinted ball is bouncing up and down in the air, like a patch of freaking rubber balls. Does one of your alien kind or kin possess a pair of flying wings like a heavenly angel, Garth?”
“Naw!” Garth shook his bone skull and stared at Risa at the telescope platform.
“No!” Beck lifted his hand and discharged a light blue beam into the hut surface, without affecting the material but hearing the faint voices.
Risa continued. “Whoa! Each yellow colored dot totes a leather handbag or business briefcase for some reason. This scene looks really funny. Dang! That wasn’t funny. That alien girl just disappeared from thin air. She disappeared down into that leather purse. Come and see this, Beck! Both of you are missing the civil war over here.”
Inside the tepee, Garth spun around and measured the center of the pole that held upright the tepee structure, informing Beck, who was trying to help. “The center pole is twenty feet high. The exterior walls hold twenty-six nail stakes and sheets of raw tree bark. Inside the tepee, the floor diameter is fifteen feet wide.”
Beck frowned. “Tree bark does not glow, dude!”
He exhaled with frustration. “The exterior material is not the tree bark that displays the yellow tinted light. The glowing hue is an individual aura coming from an entrapped soul of an alien.”
Beck halted with a gasp and scanned the ground, looking up at the bright blinding light. “Soul! Soul Crusher! She is loose and fancy free from her embedded grave site. This is not good, my friend.”
Risa had seen enough of the death and dying gods, goddesses, and aliens, exhaling with worry, rolling off the platform, standing  upright and faced the tepee and Garth. “How do we get him out of the tepee, Beck?”
Beck exhaled with worry and stopped in front of the tepee, staring at Garth, “Well, I do have a permanent solution. I can kill each alien soul.”
She gasped in shock and dashed ahead, stopping beside Beck, staring at Garth. “No, you cannot do that. The alien souls are a life form too. Won't some other super entity get really mad at you, Beck?”
Beck nodded with a stern face and stared only at Garth, who were permanently trapped inside the tepee from the curse of the Soul Crusher. “Well, each alien soul was captured and caught by a supernatural entity that is part of the supernatural world. And if the super entity wants to release each captured alien soul, then he or she or it can do it." He paused and looked up into the skyline, laughing out loud and then viewed Garth. "Garth, what is your personal response?”
Garth nodded with a stern face and as his voice echoed inside the tepee. “Do it, too it!”
She waved both of her arms and gasped in alarm. "No! No! No! You can't do it, too it! The soul of each alien wants to live through it, too."
Beck motioned to Garth and back stepped from the glowing tepee of golden hue. “Stay back, Garth!” He wiggled both of his hands and used his god powers gathering up, wrapping fresh and dead tree leaves around a long dead tree branch and then wiggled his fingers, when the long tree branch burst into fire flames of red and blue colors. He tossed the long fireball at the overlapping pyramid of covered leather goods containing each live soul of an entrapped alien. Beck shouted out loud, “Stand in the middle of the tepee floor, Garth!”
She bounced up and down with worry. “No, Beck! Garth is going to die from the fireball!”
Beck nodded with a smile, “Yes, Garth is going to live,” he tossed the fiery tree branch on top of the tepee and then leaned over, cuddling Risa. They both watched each colorful leather item burn, melt, and then coat the golden tepee. Then they felt a tiny earthquake. The earthquake wobbled Risa from Beck's chest. She dropped down and landed on the ground, flipping onto her back spine, viewing the bright sky. The ground split over the soil and then littered the flat dirt with numerous broken and dead tree branches, dropping down live and dried tree leaves. The wind breeze decreased speed and then calmed in the air waves and the grove of trees stopped swaying.
Risa closed her two eyelashes from the sunlight and smiled. “The Zyzy thing is over.” Then a loud, violent explosion deafened her two eardrums as the wind impact swiftly drifted through the air currents and over her grounded body, heating her body. She opened her two eyelashes and gasped in shock.
Garth stood at the end of her boot toes. Risa rested flat on her back spine inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals that were strewed along on the grass, wearing a pair of dark colored cowgirl boots.
He stood six feet and one inches tall and wore a sweaty, wet tee shirt that clung to his board shoulders, his muscular chest, and his packed abs like he had want swimming in the creek water and forgotten to change out his farm clothes.
He wore a pair of slightly dirty, rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots.
His hands were parked on his leather belt as the silver bucket blinds both of her two eyeballs with a piercing yellowish-white light.
His sexy baritone timber said with a smile. “Howdy, Risa! Do you wanna be mine my cowgirl forever?” Garth squatted down with a smile and reached out assisting Risa to stand. Then he knelt down on one leg while holding her left hand.
Beck rushed ahead and stopped beside her opposite side. Beck knelt down on one leg while holding her right hand.
Garth squeezed the blood on her hand with a smile, “I am the Seventh Son of the Seventh Son, too. But, most importantly, I am the one, who unknowingly has been longing, waiting, and desiring for you to come to me, to hold me, to heal me, to love me as no woman has ever loved. You are my one and only, Risa.”
Beck squeezed her other hand and smiled at her other nose profile. “In the modern country of France, the Seventh Son is called a Marcou and branded. I don’t know much about that about the legend, but I do know the English translation,” he whipped out a red-colored tiny prim rose and handed to Risa. She exhaled with happiness and accepted the tiny wildflower. He winked. “You’re my rose, Risa.”
“Woo! That’s so good, dude!” Garth stood upright from the dirt and continued to hold her hand with a smile at Risa. “So, come and pick me, my beauty Risa!”
“This is your draw, cowgirl.” Beck stood upright and continued to hold her right hand with both of his palms, nodding with a smile.
She turned and nodded to Garth. “Go and stop the war, please, Garth!”
Beck chuckled and squeezed her hand. “I’m really hoped that she picks you to stop the war, Garth.”
She frowned and turned to see Beck. “Go and stop the war, please, Beck!”
Garth smiled. “I am the serpent on the land; the flying bird of the sky; the root of the oak tree; the voice of lips; the sharp sword of justice; the learned one of knowledge; the servant of my mistress, and the arm of the body.”
Beck looked up at the bright yellow sky. “The Syzygy event is almost nine-ninety percent complete. You must choice one of us, right here and right now, Risa.”
Garth smiled at Risa. “I’m called the moon child, due to the Five Star event. I’m required to select my mate during the sixty minutes of the planetary alignment.”
Beck nodded at Risa. “This is the only time intersection within the Five Stars for a god to select his goddess, including a human, if he so desires and dreams.”
She frowned, “Can’t you and I go on a picnic lunch or go ride on farm tractor or go swim on the mountain pool, again?”
Garth turned and frowned at Beck. “What freaking mountain pool again?”
Beck turned and winked at Garth. "It is my awesome mountain pool. The planetary alignment occurs every 370 years. Well, I was not birthed 370 years ago. I'm currently eighteen years old. However, there are seventeen minutes left before the Syzygy event ends. Pick one of us, Risa!”
“Naw! Pick…” Garth released her hand and gasped in alarm, turning to scan the open field meadow, whispering for his eardrums only. “Cinta!” He bent down and then leaped up from the dirt, flying through the air waves and away from Risa and Beck.
Beck gasped in air and cuddled Risa spinning around, watching the back spine of Garth turn into a small black tinted dot.
In the next clear meadow, Garth wiggled both of his arms and legs with further distance, dropping down, landing on top of the female goddess. The goddess fell down on top of the short grass and then smashed underneath the two booted heels on alien Garth. He slowly back stepped and viewed the spilled and spurting golden blood and pink tinted guts on the dead goddess.
On top of the field meadow, Cinta spun around and nodded to her brother, wearing an array of tiny pink tinted scratches on her arms and her face. “Thanks, Garth! These nasty gods and goddesses are everywhere. Where do we go and live now? What do we do now?”
Garth exhaled with a nod. “Our father …"
… is dead. And our mother is dead too. All our siblings are dead also. They collected them inside a human leather purse and then destroyed each one of the leather handbags. Where did all the ancient and nasty gods and goddesses come from?”
He pointed down at the soil. "From all the towns, all over the world, they came here to see and feel and experience the Syzygy…”
She frowned. “Where have you been, Garth? How is all of this possible here in the small cow town of Apollo?”
“You can blame a Soul Crusher!” Beck slowly flew down from the sky and cuddled with Risa, landing down in front of Cinta and Garth.
Cinta sneered with revenge and stomped ahead towards Risa “Risa! You are with my enemy. Shoo away from here! Before I …”
Garth dashed ahead and posed in-between Beck and Cinta whipping both of his arms in the air, shouting at his sister. “No! Don’t harm him, Cinta! Beck saved my life. That wicked Soul Crusher had trapped me inside our fun tepee by covering the exterior walls with the souls from thousands of live aliens that she had collected, captured, and then entrapped somehow."
She gasped in horror and strutted with disbelief. “What! The...the soul of an alien. That...that means…”
“A Soul Crusher is a rare goddess within the Greek pantheon indeed. She is very, very dangerous and very, very deadly to all the aliens,” Beck nodded with worry.
Garth nodded with a stern face. “The tepee was covered with the souls of aliens. I couldn’t escape, without killing all of them.”
“That was a not so nice and unhappy family alien reunion,” Beck turned and nodded at Risa. “Who are you going to pick as your new magical husband, Risa?”
Risa gasped in confusion and presented a worried brow, “Wait! I thought this was the end of the world, right here and right now.”
Garth chuckled. “The end of world was supposed to occur on December 21st, in the year 2012, also. But, it didn’t. Some teen-ass Sumerian enjoy drawing his graffiti on his bedroom cave wall with that slick humor,” he turned and winked at Beck and Cinta.
Risa stomped her boot heel and then nodded with a smile. “So, there is no demolition of the planet. Nothing bad is happening to us.”
Beck shook his curls and hugged Risa with a smile. “Risa, our home, this planet, has been swirling in the heavens for four billion years and still going and going.”
“We're safe and sound for another 33,000 years. That is a human timeline! Go on! Pick an alien or the other one, Risa!” Garth turned and winked at Beck.
Risa heard the familiar sound and looked up, seeing her biological mother, who wore a circle of solid midnight black hue around her upright body. Her mother stood in front of the living room glass window, watching her daughter and her circle of high school friends. Then her mother disappeared from Risa's view with mystery.
Risa gasped in alarm and viewed the back spine on a tall funny-looking woman with a tone of red skin and two-toned hair strands, who was knocking on the front door.
Beck turned and stared at the open front door, shouting out loud in worry. “The Soul Crusher, she is standing in front of the front door, Risa.”
Risa pulled away from Beck and started waving both of her arms in the air with worry, dashing ahead towards her mother and her residential house, without knowledge of her biological father, “Don’t come out into the bright light, Mom! Don't come outside, Mom! Don't come into the bright light, Mom, Dad! Don't come out from the house, Mom! Don't ...”
Cinta turned and stared at the Risa's house. The front door slightly cracked open while allowing the bright rays of heated and blinding light inside the darkened living room setting and then the door opened wider. Cinta bent her two kneecaps and then launched in the sky, flying through the air waves, hanging in the breeze and targeted the back spine on the Soul Crusher.
Garth gasped in alarm and swiftly raced ahead, running from behind the back spine on Risa and then attacked Risa, landing both of them down on the dirt. He covered her body with love and  protection.
On top of the grass, Beck bent his two kneecaps and then lifted in the air, flying in the air towards Cinta.
In the air waves, Cinta landed on top of the Soul Crusher. They both fell down on the soil producing a dark circle of rich black hue. The Soul Crusher disappeared underneath Cinta’s cowgirl boots. Cinta continued to rest on the soil appearing dead.
Mrs. and Mr. Patillo appeared inside the wide open archway on their house with worry and wore a thick band in rich black hue around each bone skull, viewing the blinding sunlight. Then they turned and viewed their daughter Risa, who rested on top of the manicured lawn. Risa looked up and saw them while screaming in horror. Then her parents quickly exploded into an array of tiny particles of pink tinted organ tissue, white tinted bones, and red tinted blood proteins within the brightness of light. Her parents died from the Syzygy blinding light, not heeding the US Federal Government warning.
In the air waves, Beck landed behind a grounded Cinta and then fell down over her long body, covering her upper torso, her bone skull, and her two sensitive eyeballs.
On the ground, Risa struggled underneath the tallness and heaviness from Garth, slowly standing upright and sobbing with sadness for her dead parents, racing ahead towards the individual torn bloody parts from each one of her parents. Her face was flooded with rolling hot tears and streaming nose mucus.
On the ground, Beck whipped off his torn and bloody dark blue tinted sports jacket from his upper body and wrapped the fabric around the face and collar bone on Cinta.
Risa stopped and stood in the middle of the bloody body parts, sobbing with her sad tears, staring down at her unidentified parents. Garth slammed into Risa and hugged her body whispering into her wet cheekbone. "I am so sorry, Risa.”
Beck yelled out loud and slowly stood upright from the grass cuddling Cinta into his chest, “Garth!” Garth slowly back pedaled and hugged Risa. She continued to view the flat streams of dried red tinted blood proteins and shrived pink organ tissues from each dead parents on the manicured lawn.
Several feet from Risa's house, in the middle of the unplowed crop field, teen alien Cinta was covered and hidden underneath Beck's sports jacket. Garth spun them around and stopped, standing front of Cinta. Beck nodded with a stern face to both Garth and Risa, “The brightness of the five planet will blind her permanently.”
Garth frowned. “She’s an alien.”
Beck frowned. “She’s a human. I can smell her new puppy dog odor and sense her human features, not her alien parts and pieces anymore.”
Risa frowned. “Does a human smell to your nose holes?”
Garth squeezed her shoulders and nodded to Beck. “Yeah, each human smells like a newborn puppy.”
Beck nodded. “Cinta is a human, not an alien. The Soul Crusher had been comprised with centuries of fragile evilness while holding millions, billions, jillions of dead alien souls and some dead god and goddesses too. Cinta released out all of the kept alien souls freeing them from their imprisonment. But…”
“But, what, Beck?” Garth gasped in shock.
Beck explained. “The violent energy exchange has expelled all of her natural alien super powers, from her alien body, Garth. Your sister Cinta is a human teenage female, right now, like an earthling. She does not possess any of her alien super powers within her human body. I would guess, honestly, that she will never possess any of her alien super powers.”
Cinta exhaled with worry, sadness, sorrow, nervousness, angry, frustration and then sobbed with her rolling heated tears underneath the dark colored sports jacket. She wiggled underneath the jacket and waved both of her hands near her legs. “My head hurts. My two arms burn from the bright sunlight. Do something for me, Garth? You’re the Seventh Son of the alien clan.”
Beck shook his bone skull at Garth with the understanding knowledge that nothing can be done for human teenage female girl Cinta.
Garth exhaled with worry and looked down at the dirt, returning back to see Cinta. “I’m the Seventh Son. My Seventh Son super powers have tripled or more from the Syzygy event, Cinta. But, I’m not a god or a wizard or a magician. I can’t restore a set of super powers upon a human or an alien or a god. I’m sorry, little sister.”
Cinta continued to sob and softly spoke. “My mom, my dad, and my other alien kind and kin are all dead. I’m alone, here, Garth. How will I live here on the Planet Earth? Where will I live here on Planet Earth?”
Garth exhaled with worry and looked down at the soil that contained cracks from the minor earthquakes, returning back to see Cinta. “I will take care of your human person, Cinta. You will live with me for the rest of your life,” he turned and nodded to Risa. “I’m so sorry, Risa. Cinta has no home base or alien powers.” He looked up and viewed the blinding sunlight that did not bother his two alien eyeballs without blinking. “Cinta cannot be alone or exposed or unprotected from the race of the surviving nasty god and goddesses. They are many gods and goddesses here on the planet that elected not to participate in the Syzygy event.”
Beck hugged Cinta and nodded to Garth. “And Cinta can’t be exposed to the other vicious uncaring, surviving alien race either. There are less alien species here on Planet Earth.”
Risa exhaled with worry and sobbed with more of her heated tears for her girl best friend. “Cinta!”
Cinta sobbed with sadness. Beck hugged Cinta and nodded with a smile to her brother. “Garth, I’ll take care of Cinta.”
Garth growled. “I forbid it.”
Beck chuckled. “You are not a human. Cinta is a human. Cinta is not an alien. Cinta is not a goddess. I wanna care and marry Cinta for the rest of our days here on Planet Earth.”
Risa gasped in shock. “Can you really marry and take care of Cinta, Beck?”
Beck winked with a smile at Risa. “Right now, right here, this is the moment of the Syzygy event for any Seventh son or Seventh daughter alien or a god or a goddess to marry any creature that he or she chooses. So, I choose to marry human girl Cinta with your permission, Garth. Now, you don’t have to pick either one of us, Risa. You should marry Garth, immediately, right now and right here. Each Seventh Son has seven minutes left, until the ending of the Syzygy event.”
Cinta sniffed up the clear snot and spoke underneath the sports jacket. “Don’t ask him. I accept your wedding proposal. Marry me, right here and right now, Beck!”
Beck chuckled with a smile and nodded to Garth. “Bye ya’ll!” He cuddled Cinta into his chest and bent both of his kneecaps, bouncing up from the soil ground, flying in the air and steered away with Cinta inside his jacket towards his residential manor.
On the unplowed crop field, Garth exhaled with worry and watched Beck in the air until Beck disappeared from his two alien eyeballs, looking down, nodding to Risa. He knelt down and extended his hand to Risa. “Well, I ask again, Risa. Do you wanna become my cowgirl, honey?”
Risa bounced up and down with joy and dropped down, leaning over, kissing his face. She pulled back from the sweet kiss and yelled out loud in happiness, “Yee-haw!”
Garth smiled and leaned over, kissing his future alien bride.
One week later...

Monday, September 30th


City of Paris, within the country of France
Parted clouds with parted sunlight at 74° Fahrenheit
12:02 pm


A set of four black tinted wheelchairs struggled around the other guest tables and chairs and then settled in four different corner slots on a low square shaped eating table.
The tall but folded body wore a head of shoulder length black tinted hair, a pair of blue eyeballs, a tone of dark tinted skin. Eighteen years old, Seventh Son of the god and goddess clan, Beck also wore a blue colored, short-sleeved tee shirt with some France words, a  pair of white colored walking shorts, a pair of white colored socks, a set of matching athletic sneakers, and a set of dark green tinted eye frames and motioned for the restaurant waitress with a smile and then dropped his hand down onto the eating table. “This is one of the best restaurants here in Paris, at least, based on my dead mother's wise advice.”
The tall but folded body wore a head of long blonde colored hair strands, a tone of glowing golden tinted skin, a pair of mint green tinted eyeballs. Seventeen years old, alien girl Risa wore a peach colored, sleeveless tee shirt with pictures of France travel sights, a pair of matching walking shorts, a pair of white tinted flip-flops, and a pair of coral colored eye frames, reaching over, slapped the naked forearm on Beck. “Beck, stop ditching your dead mother!”
He looked down and read the food menu. “Why? She can’t hear me down there in Hades. Anyways, she had been one of the leaders that had orchestrated the…”
“We all know that shared information, sugar," Seventeen years old, alien girl Cinta continued to read the lunch menu and wore a head of blonde hair with solid reddish-pink tinted ends, a tone of olive colored skin, and a pair of violet eyeballs, wearing a pink colored, sleeveless shirt with a column of cute bows, a pair of matching walking shorts, and a pair of matching flip-flops. She sat inside a black tinted wheelchair and wore a pair of pink tinted eyeglasses. "Let’s just enjoy the wonderful sights and the delicious food. I wanna go and see Paris art gallery, before we select a new restaurant for our dinner meal.”
“Aw, naw! The art gallery here in the city of Paris is seven miles long, without riding inside a sissy golf kart or a manly terrain vehicle while putt-putting us around the tile flooring, Cinta,” Garth read the food menu and sat inside a black tinted wheelchair also wearing a pair of black tinted eyeglasses, a pair of tan colored walking shorts, a tan colored, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of nasty brown colored flip-flops. He displayed a head of cropped blonde hair, a tone of golden tinted skin, and a pair of green eyeballs.
At the eating table, Risa looked up and narrowed her two eyelashes at a tiny swarm of yellow tinted fire flies within the dark blue skyline of massive thunderstorms, gasping in alarm, pointing at the sky. “Incoming!” She wiggled her fingers while protecting her new set of supernatural family members consisting of Seventh Son teen god Beck, alien teen friend Cinta, and Seventh Son teen alien and boyfriend Garth. The four wheelchairs swiftly departed from our wooden table, when the first god-kin warrior hit down on top of the flat marble surface with his two booted feet in a death kill by smart, pretty, alien girl Risa.
Beck tossed the fake wheelchair from his butthole and lifted up his fighting hand, releasing out his pale blue colored beam into the chest on another vicious god-kind male.
Garth kicked away his fake wheelchair from his standing legs and danced with the first goddess-kind warrioress, tossing out his pale blue beam at the forehead on his new female enemy in another death kill.
Cinta flipped her entire body and the fake wheelchair to the side, leaping out from the seat, hovering in the air waves and fought with a second goddess-kind warrioress using her new pink tinted super alien beam into a death kill. She yelled out loud with a giggle. “Pink is for girls, like me and Risa, ya’ll.”
Risa started a fight with a third goddess-kin warrioress bleeding the ugly nose then blackening an eye socket. The goddess back pedaled from the alien-power arm thrust, when alien Garth produced a pale blue lightning bolt in-between the two big breasts on the enemy in another death kill.
Garth dashed ahead with a smile to Risa, hugging her body, pulling back and kissed her lips for a few second. Then he pulled back and whispered with a smile. “Good job, my honey alien. I love you, Risa!”
She smiled. “That was a great come back, my alien guy! I love you, too, Garth!”
Beck raced ahead to Cinta and slammed into her upright body, planting his wet kiss for a few seconds, pulling back and hugged her again with love, looking over to see Garth and Risa with a wink of mischievous. “Time to blow off this boring holiday party!”
Risa turned and nodded with a smile to her alien friend Cinta. Then they slowly exited from the damaged restaurant with four dead bodies on top of the broken floor tiles. The set of humans were screaming in terror. Set of dishes were crashing and police sirens were blaring with alarm. The overhead rainstorm sounded with loud rolls of thunder.
Outside the restaurant establishment and on top of the yellow brick-coated sidewalk with cloudy skies, alien prince Garth cuddled his girl Risa and slowly paced over pavement behind his sister.
Alien teen Cinta hugged on Beck while whispering with a set of sweet words.
They continued to pace away from the internal city streets into the openness of rural countryside, without a care in the world, and then the foursome stopped on top of the manicured grass inside a dog and people park.  
Beck lifted his arm and wiggled his finger at the air waves, saying with a smile. “I got the cloud formation today.”
Seventh Son alien teen male Garth cuddled his alien fiancé Risa and nodded to the air waves.
The air current performed a soft swishing sound and then produced a mist of swirling clouds in the same spot. The low clouds appeared over the grass without harm to the lawn or the air waves or the humans or the animals and only an alien or a god or a goddess could see the pretty picture.
Teen goddess Cinta cuddled with her god fiancé Beck and smiled at the whirling mist. “This locate is trashed by the god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind today. So, what location are we landing down into next, ya’ll?”
Risa nodded at the mist of swirling clouds in numerous colors and held Garth by his hand. “I wanna go and see the Big Ben clock in the city of London, within the country of England …”
“… explode ...” Garth chuckled along with Beck and Cinta. Beck and Cinta entered the mist together and then disappeared from the doggie park.
At 01:01:01 pm, teen alien Risa slowly moved ahead with Garth and tossed her free arm in the air for her newest victory over the warrior clan of god-kind, goddess-kind, and alien-kind as the lovely Paris restaurant exploded into a gigantic plume of blue, red, pink, orange, green, and yellow colored fireball while charring the four dead bodies into an array of tiny particles in pink tinted skin tissue, white tinted bone fragments, and blood proteins.
Risa and Garth entered the unnatural mist and then disappeared from the city of Paris within the country of France.
At 01:01:02 pm, the mist vanished from the air waves like it had never existed.
CHAPTER TWO



The city of Birmingham is geographically located almost in the center of the US State of Alabama.
The city had been founded in the year 1871, after the American Civil War, starting to thrive in the new industries of iron ore, coal, and limestone rock mining and steel production to the northeast region, within the USA. Major of the natives had come from England and then settled in the dirt. Thus, the founders decided to name the new city in honor of Birmingham, England.
Throughout the decades, the city had experienced significant ups and downs during the Great Depression of 1930 and World War One in 1941 affecting both industry jobs and population growth.
Currently, there are over 210,000 individuals living with the city limits.
Geographically, the valley floor of the city runs in-between parallel mountain ranges which tail end on the Appalachian mountain range and then the rainwater drains down a series of small creeks branches including the Village Creek which flows down into the Black Warrior River.
The flat valley of the city is surrounded by numerous mountain summits. Red Mountain is located south of downtown. Sand Mountain stands in the north. Ruffner Mountain is due east of the city. Shades Mountain sits southeast of the city. Oak Mountain
The city of Birmingham is 147 miles west from the city of Atlanta; 92 miles north from the city of Montgomery, 147 miles northeast from the city of Meridian within the US State of Mississippi; 239 miles southeast from the city of Memphis within the US State of Tennessee; 192 miles south from the city of Nashville, within the US State of Tennessee, and 148 miles southwest from the city of Chattanooga in Tennessee also.
The geological of the city comprises 146 miles of land and 2.5 mile of fresh water.
Humid, sub-tropical climate in the air waves over the city of Birmingham supplies hot summers in 85° Fahrenheit and mild winters in 44° Fahrenheit and provides abundant rainfall throughout the solar year, with March as the wettest month. The driest month is October. The fixed geographical arena experiences severe thunderstorms, tornados, and remnants of active tropical hurricanes coming south up from the Gulf of Mexico.
On the outskirts of city limits of Birmingham, twenty-six different suburbs thrive and contain 491,000 individuals making metro city area comprise 700,000 individuals.
One of the twenty-six independent suburban cities is called Gardendale.
The city of Gardendale is six miles north of metro city Birmingham with a current population of 13,892.
The rolling hills and flat valleys of rich fertile crop land had been originally settled, in the year 1825, by crop farmers and called Jugtown. The name had represented a large jug and churn factory in the area. As the town grew longer and wider with people, pets and plants, a single dirt road had been designated the stagecoach route between the present day US State of Tennessee and the present day  Birmingham during the 19th century.
In the year 1905, the name of Gardendale was selected by the populous of the people. The city was incorporated in the year 1955.
The city measures 25.0 square miles, all land, and sits on the southeastern one on the Appalachian ridgelines running from eastern Tennessee into northeast Alabama.
Decades ago, active coal mines had provided earth minerals and jobs but had closed down and replaced with forestland. Thus, the natural landscape on the east and northeastern side of Gardendale is rocky and hilltop with deep ravines of dirt, not water.
Cast of Characters:
Bo Briggs, faithful angel
Dallas Drummer, fallen angel
Morgan Mellon, human teen
Tina Turner, tainted angel


Story Plot:

Tina is a tainted angel, where her pair of heavenly angel wings has been removed by an unknown source.
Thus, she stays Earth-bound and lives within the city of Birmingham acting like a high school student, attending the local high school, in order, to survive the lonely days and nights while figuring out how to find and then acquire her angel wings back from the unknown thief. 

Two weeks and three days later....



Thursday, October 17th

Town of Gardenville
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of sun

Mellon Bookstore location
Rare Book Section setting
09:15 pm


Tina stands in front of the long book stack and reaches out, grabbing the next hard manual book off the shelf, back stepping from the book stack with a stern face and slides down into an empty leather chair inside the quiet wall corner of the book store. She crosses the leg and flips open to the first page of next book slowly turning each page while reading the information. She stops and jots down all the interesting sentences onto a paper notepad with a feathered blue ink pen while pondering deeply the full meaning each vocabulary word.
Within the bowels of the Rare Book Section, her eyeballs and her neurons follow all the black letters on each yellow stained page, where all the words had been written down by a human who had claimed to have talked with a flock of angels and a nest of demons using the languages of Talmudic, Gnostic, Greek, Roman, Egyptian, Asian, Babylonian, Tibetan, Buddhist, Celtic, Theosophical, New Age, Catholic, Cabalistic, Jewish, and Christian.
Tina whispers out loud each word from the book. “Wings lost. Retrievee becomes thy Human. Retriever becomes thy Angel,” she shakes a set of strawberry-blonde curls with strangeness. These particular words form an ancient sentence which is different from the other textbooks within the Rare Book Section, where she has studied and gathered information for the past 359 days, twenty one hours, thirty minutes, and four seconds.
Her situation is most unique while trying to locate the correct pathway, which has been unusually challenging and unlimited depressing and as her Soul continues to misunderstand the meaning of each human word. And as a new human on the planet, she continues to exhibits a set of human emotions which causes an array of emotions including sensitivity, frustration, and dissatisfaction of the world of yesterday, tomorrow, and present.
She must concentrate on her inner introspective nature of the goal, the purpose, and the objective for tomorrow as she sighs.
Tina tosses back a skull into the headrest with a sigh and decides to direct all her energies and powers for something more and something better in this world, until it changes for something greater. The old textbook coming from the Rare Book Section is located inside the biggest bookstore within the city of Gardenville and does not give any clear hint about the time period for the Retrievee. She lifts the book into a face and re-reads the related three paragraphs, smelling it. She leaps upright on both feet without seeing the stinky human, only smelling the fleeing odor. She drops the book down inside the leather chair, since she cannot afford to buy the book dashing ahead in the direction of stinky odor, trailing it the lead towards the Food Court section, where a person can purchase a tasty drink of lattes, coffees, teas, or other assorted beverages while consuming an array of rolled meaty sandwiches along with the fattening eye popping sweet breads.
Tina moves ahead and passes the children’s books, the self-help guides, the adult romance novels, and teen fiction books charging down the tile floor and halts, dicing both eyeballs to the left and then to the right. Her sensitive nostrils breathe in the cluttered air of the fresh baked rolls and steaming coffee beans, where the odd odor is faint.
She or he or it has back pedaled around Tina.
Tina pivots and tracks down the hunting prey while sniffing the lovingly air fragrance of tar and bacon, unmistakably fresh. She runs down the wall of book stacks inside the bookstore and halts inside the science fiction section, where the odor is strongest. She turns and scans each person, place, and thing while hearing the soft squawk of a human cry.
The mystery person dashes by Tina or in this case the nose of Tina, moving ahead towards the rear wall, around the wall corner, and exits out through the emergency door.
Tina races ahead towards the rear wall and turns the wall corner, reaching out, catching the lip of the closing exit door. A sports car door closes shut as the car races ahead and shifts into a dangerous high speed traveling down a dark alleyway, spitting up particles of red dirt clay, trash particles, and dust bunnies in the air waves.
Tina stops and stares memorizing the personalized license plate on the sports car: MELLON4.
Monday, October 21st
Overcast cloudy skies with cool temperatures

Gardenville Preparatory High School
Third period English Literature classroom setting
11:06 am


“Hey, doll!” Dallas is a fallen angel, who become a human male measuring six feet and five inches on a mesomorph body type with a pair of board shoulders, a head of straight blonde hair, a set of bangs under a heart-shaped face with a precious pair of baby blues eyeballs, and a tone of olive tinted skin. He reaches out during the strut and playful tugs at the forehead strawberry-blonde tinted bangs on the female, who sits alone in a student table next to the decorated wall of English castles. He struts ahead with a smile towards his assigned student table in the wall corner.
“Hey, dork!” Tina continues to write, not smile at his friendly attack and an arrogant smirk, since Dallas always smirks at his person or fonts a fake grin while flirting with all the high school girls or fakes a full smile for an evil purpose, which is reserved for all of the high school boys. She continues writing inside her notepad with her feathered blue ink pen.
The bell rings.
Each student quickly dances and sits down in a student desk while all the books and notebooks roughly bounce on top of the flat hard surface. Miss R is the English Literature teacher in the third period, twelfth grade graduating class. She waves both of her hands in the air with a smile. “Settle down!” She reached over and grabs the old fashion textbook, placing it on top of the teacher desk with a grin to each face or set of colored hair roots. “Yesterday! Please turn in your book to page 397! We were studying Hamlet …”
Roger on the first row table, seat one stands upright from the chair, placing both of his hands over an invisible heart organ with a smile at Miss R. “To be or not to be!” All the other teens laugh out loud.
Miss R nods with a smile. “VG, Roger!”
The door opens.
An invisible face shouts out loud inside the hallway. “Visit alert!” Principal Arthur Weston enters the classroom and stops beside the nose profile on Miss R at the desk with a new male behind his back spine.
The static electricity sizzles in the air as the wind currents shift around Tina which alarms of the new presence. She stops writing and looks up with a puzzled brow to see un-natural disturbance. Her hand twitches. Her heart jump stares. And her pair of worm but polished cowboy boots shifts down to the floor to stand for a better audio and visual presentation.
He stands slightly behind the back spine on Principal Weston and turns with a smile to see the other students inside the classroom. He is the most gorgeous guy within the Milky Way Galaxy, displaying a body frame of six feet and six inches with a pair of shredded black jeans, a cotton maroon shirt over a set of ripped bulging biceps and triceps.  His blackish blue wavy hair parts on the left side of the skull with a set of dusted black tinted whiskers on the peachy-pale jaw line with a set of dreamy baby blue eyes.
Tina drools with lust at the new male student and as her eyeballs turn to see every female. Each female sits straight, tall, and arched while fanning a manicured hand with the “color of the month” long fake fingernails, batting a pair of eyelashes while swirling a shoulder at the new hubris demigod.
“Bo Briggs, he is a transfer student coming from Homewood High School.” Principal Weston smiles down at the brown colored hair roots of Miss R and places a stack of papers on the desk with a nod.
Miss R looks down at the stack of papers with a smile. “Welcome to my class and your new school, Bo Briggs! Please take a seat anywhere within the classroom,” she scratches the black ink inside a grade book while the numbers of students. Principal Weston back steps and spins around with a smile in silence, exiting the room. She smiles down at the grade book. “Thanks, Arthur!”
Bo spins around and moves ahead with a grin towards the rear wall at the corner table, strutting towards Dallas. Tina sits back down and looks down at the notebook with a smile while pondering the choice seat. A neck of every female pops and strains with a set of blood vessels while following the back spine of Bo, who settled into the new seat with Dallas.
Miss R looks up with a smile to each face or set of colorful hair roots. “As I was saying before, Hamlet is in turmoil. Now, please add to my list adjectives.”
The student sits a table number three and in seat number one smiles at the teacher, “Torment.”
“Tragedy,” the student sits at table number four and seat number five shouts out loud.
The student sits at table number one and seat number two exclaims. “Feigned madness.”
Miss R smiles. “Very good! Some of the other themes within the play include treachery, revenge, incest, and moral corruption. I want you to remember all of these nouns for your mid-term examination test.” All the teens moan in unison as Miss R smiles. “What other pressure points are exerted within the complex philosophical and ethical issues from the play Hamlet?”
The student sat at table one and in seat number three smiles. “There is cold-blooded murder, calculated revenge, and thwarted desire.”
“What did you like best, Vicky?” Miss R nods to student Vicky.
“When Hamlet rushes into her bedroom, stares at her, and says nothing. Polonius informs Claudius and Gertrude that Hamlet is madly in love, but it is kinda a weird crazy sick puppy love way.” Vicky smiles with a nod.
“Very good! What are some other vices within the play of Hamlet?” Miss R nods to each student.
The student sits at table number three, seat number three smiles at the teacher. “I loved the spying as Hamlet mourns his father’s dead with erotic …” All the other teens laugh.
Miss R frowns. “Erratic! The word is erratic, Jerry.”
Jerry laughs with a nod. “I said that. It is erratic behavior. Claudius sends the two pals of Hamlet, who are Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, to spy on the prince, but the great prince is greatly cooler.” All the teen laugh out loud.
She frowns at the student. “Jerry means to use the adverb smarter, since the adverb cooler doesn’t substitute for the word, smarter.”
“It does in my notebook.” Jerry smiles.
“This is a British literature book, not an Alabama hick slang, bozo,” the student sits at table number one, seat number one laughs with the other students.
Miss R frowns at each student. “Settle down in here, kids! Now, someone name on of your favorite quotes coming from the play Hamlet?”
“To be or not to be!” The first student smiles at the teacher.
“Get thee to a nunnery!” The second student grins with a nod at the teacher.
“The rest is silence,” the third student yells out loud with a grin.
“O! Woe to me!” The fourth student slaps a chest with a smile.
“Alas, poor little old Yorick, I knew him so dog gone well back then,” the fifth student laughs with some of the other teens.
“Hoist with his own petuny!” Jerry sniggers at the verbal mistake.
The student sits at table number three and seat number two with a smile. “Jerry is a stinky petuny.” The other teens laugh.
Roger stands upright from the desk and spins around with a smile to see the face. “Petard! Hoist with his own petard.”
The student sits at table two and seat number four with a sneer. “Sit down, Retardo!”
Miss R smiles. “Excellent, Roger! What act does that quote come from?”
Roger laughs. “You want me to act. Okay? I can sing. Fa. La. Re…” All the other teens laugh at the funny song.
The student sits in table five and seat number five with a snarl. “Sit down, dork!”
Miss R exhales. “What numbered act is cited for that famous quote in the play?”
Roger scratches a skull with a set of dirty finger nails. “Uh!”
“It comes from Act three and scene four which states hoist with his own petard.” Miss R smiles. The bell rings. Each student stands upright from the desk and slaps a backpack against the body, exiting out the room for the lunch time meal.
Miss R yells at each fleeing student. “I want you to write a short essay on your favorite quote. Why do you like that quote from Hamlet?  It will be our vocal discussion in class tomorrow along with a big surprise.”

At 12:06 pm, outdoor picnic table setting, overcast cloudy skies and cool temperatures, Bo and Dallas had moved together out from the class and then sat together in total isolation underneath the one hundred fifty year old thirty-foot high oak tree shading them from the dull sunlight with an array of thick green leaves which is attached to rows of low hanging brown limbs.
Currently, they share the lunch meal and stare at each pretty high school female at the picnic table. One of the pretty female with her lovely girlfriend swiftly moves ahead coming from her selected lunch table, strolling towards the picnic table with Bo and Dallas, batting a pair of eyelashes with a smile, stopping and extends a manicured hand of blue fingernails to the new male. “I’m Labetta and this is my best friend Cassodee. Do you remember, Cassodee, Dallas?”
Bo looked up with a smile and a friendly nod, shaking the manicured hand. “Hello! It is very nice to meet you too. I’m quite certain Dallas remembers both of you also.”
Labetta smiles with a wink at Bo. “We have commandeered a lunch table underneath the veranda, Bo. You could join us, since it looks like rain with a gray sky of clouds.”
Dallas shakes the blonde colored bangs and waves a hand in the air with a smile at the girls. “Naw! The rain is coming tomorrow, dolls.” He points towards the lunch table and wiggles a finger with a smile. “Hmm! Is that your lunch meal on top of your lunch table underneath the veranda blowing away with the wind?” He leans down and eats the sandwich, chewing with a smirk at the two girls.
Labetta quickly spins around with a gasp to see the veranda. Her selected lunch table is empty as each food plate and beverage launches into air, flying away with the light wind. “My lunch!” She swiftly raced ahead in a pair of designer high heels for the save as Cassodee spins around with a gasp and chases after Linda and the two food plates also.
Bo chuckles at the funny scene. “That is not nice, but it is greatly appreciated,” he leans down and eats the sandwich, chewing and swallows the food. He lifts up and slurps down a carton of milk while narrowing a pair of baby blues eyeballs on the human girl from the same English Literature class. “She’s alone.”
Dallas turns and scans all the noisy and crowed lunch tables underneath the veranda with a smile. “Naw! Fenettie ain’t lonely. She is the girl of Ulysses. He’s in the toilet smoking or shitting or a combo of the two teenly activities.”
Bo shoots a clean fingernail across the blonde whiskers on Dallas while pointing at the single female. “No! I am talking about the strawberry-blonde shell that sits underneath the maple tree all alone and writes inside her paper notebook.”
Dallas turns with a grin to see her. “She’s tainted.”
Bo drops open his mouth and exposes his pink tinted tongue while studying her and then gently twists both eyeballs back to see each lunch table underneath the veranda which holds a set of hungry students. He sees all the different metaphysical auras that shift up and down on the angel color wheel spectrum with a stern face. “Let’s see! I see pink, red, orange, green, blue. Is Setanna sick?”
Dallas stuffs a handful of potato chips into an open mouth as the set of broken particles falls down onto the chin and the green tinted shirt. He reaches down and flicks off all the food crumbs with a trimmed and clean fingernail while swallowing the food, educating with all of his divinatory knowledge. “Setanna has stage three cancer…”
“And what about student Thayer Rexford?”
Dallas turns and growls at the nose profile of Bo. “Don’t do that, Bo! Trouble will follow you and me. Heaven knows that I don’t…” A short series of loud thunder booms immediately among the gray overcast clouds.
“I am just observing all the human students,” he turns and frowns at Tina. “What is her name? Why can’t I tell that like the other human students?”
Dallas munches on the sandwich. “It is not your business, bro.”
“Maybe, I should make it my business, man.” Bo turns and smiles at the nose profile of Dallas.
Dallas turns and frowns at Bo. “I haven’t seen you, since the funeral, which was three days ago. I actually thought I won’t see your sweet smile again ever,” chuckling.
Bo tilts a chin sideways with a smile at his friend. “You grew on me.”
Dallas laughs. “Horseshit.”
“I had to report back to Central within heaven, right after the funeral.”
“And?” Dallas turns and leans down, eating another bite of the man-sized chucky sandwich.
“I received another A-plus-plus for my earthly assignment,” he smiles.
Dallas swallows the food and then burps out loud with a laugh. “You’re a good obedience faithful angel, Bo,” he chews the food.
“Thanks, man!”
Dallas swallows the food with a sour frown. “Why are you back here now on the planet? Who are you visiting, Bo? Is this your new angel assignment or something?”
Bo swallows the food and wipes the lips with the back of a hand, clearing a throat of descending wet proteins with a smile. “I am here on vacare.”
Dallas swallows the food with a cough and turns with a gasp to see Bo while cleaning the front dirty teeth with a pink tongue tip, shaking the blonde colored bangs. “No! No way! Not happening here, bro! No!”
Bo smiles. “Come on, man!”
“Eo ire itum.” Dallas turns and stares down at the plate of food.
Bo frowns at the nose profile of Dallas. “Do you know that there are many and numerous meanings for that particular Latin phrase?”
Dallas frowns and holds the food. “My translation: Go home, son! Or move along, doggie! Or progress out of my eyeballs, pal.”
“Come on, man!”
Dallas frowns. “No!”
“Come on, man! It is only eleven days, buddy.” Bo smiles. Dallas chews the food and shakes the blonde bangs in silence. Bo smiles at the nose profile of Dallas. “I will stay nine days and I don’t snore.”
He swallows the food with a sour frown, shaking the blonde bangs. “Go back home, Bo!”
“I need a respite.” Bo smiles.
He exhales with a puff of annoyance and stares down at the food plate. “You’re a faithful angel, so you need to go back home into heaven, Bo.”
“I’m entitled to vacare. You and I know that. I’m kinda fond of this short but sweet visit as a human on the planet.”
“They still do that.” Dallas stares down with a sigh at the plate of food.
Bo finishes the carton of milk and wipes off the lips with the back of hand with a smile. “After a long assignment, each angel receives a short and sweet vacare.”
Dallas exhales with a deep sigh and stares down at the food plate. “Elmo Raymond Fleming was a long assignment. He lived for one hundred years.”
“You, he, and I celebrated his birthday last week right before his passing into heaven.” Bo smiles.
Dallas turns and frowns at Bo. “The celebration of his one hundred year old birthday party only included me and him, Bo. Why do you always include yourself in my reindeer games, bro?”
He nodded with a smile. “I was there.”
Dallas exhales with frustration. “You were only the heavenly guardian angel for Elmo. You don’t count, bro.”
He smiles. “I do.”
“You don’t.”
He slapped a chest with a smile. “The last four years would have been very, very boring without me.”
“Maybe?” Dallas chews the food with a sour frown.
“Maybe, yeah!” He laughs.
Dallas swallows the food with a sour frown. “Let me reiterate slowly here! Why are you here with me and on the planet at the same place, Bo?” He chews the food.
He nods with a smile. “I am on vacare. I can see that you have lost your Latin translation ability. I will talk in English slowly. I am on vacation.”
Dallas flips up a hand into the air and swallows the food with a sour frown. “Then, you can go on vacation in the hot country of Mexico, where all the regular angels go.”
He exhales. “Hey, man! I spent one hundred years of angel wings, flapping around this city that I didn’t see, because Elmo was paranoid within his mental thoughts and his  physical aliment.”
Dallas snorts. “His mother was the paranoid one. Elmo was just heavy infatuated with the concept of invisible ghosts.”
“I lived every day and night on that cow farm. There were no ghosts. I had never encountered a dead spirit, who remotely floated up or down over twenty miles of limestone gravel roads. Did you ever see one, Dallas?”
Dallas laughs. “I guess he called in the team of ‘Bama Ghost catchers.’ Did you call it in?”
He frowns. “Yeah, I contacted Central. No ghost haunting had ever been reported on that cow farm.”
Dallas nods. “There you go! Mama was mentally insane. She definitely transferred her ‘noidism’ to Elmo.”
“I guarded a troubled man.”
“It is rough and tough as a protecting heavenly angel.” Dallas eats the food and chews.
“I was confined to the manor and farm land for one hundred years or 36,500 days or 876,000 hours.”
Dallas swallowed the food with a smile. “A heavenly angel works twenty-four hours and seven days per week,” he reaches over and grabs, popping a handful of potato chips into the mouth, chewing. 
“One hundred years is a very long time indeed.” Bo nods.
He swallows the food with a confused brow. “Didn’t you volunteer for that job?”
“I was drafted at the last minute. I didn’t have a choice.” Bo eats the food with a smile.
“We all have choices, Bo.” He reminds the faithful angel.
Bo swallows the food with a smile. “And we all have the ‘right’ choices, Dallas,” he reminds the fallen angel.
He yawns. “O.” Then, he looks down at the sour dill pickle.
“Back to the city! Tell me about this place!” He eats and chews the food with a smile.
Dallas exhales with frustration and stares down at the pickle. “Place. Boring steel and mine town. Birmingham. Largest city in Bama. Settled 1813. First called Elyton. English name by some minor redneck land company backing the established railroad system, transporting iron and steel here to the Yankees,” he looks up with a smile to see Bo. “Do you know what a Yankee is?”
He waves a hand and swallows the food with a smile. “It is a slang term for a group of northern citizens that live within all the northern citizens of the USA.”
Dallas exhales. “Birmingham locates between Appalachian peak Mountain Ridge and low Valley Region in north Central Alabama. Land area 144.4 square miles. Highest elevation mountain peaks at 603 feet. Major cities. Birmingham. Montgomery. Huntsville. Tuscaloosa. Industrial Center, first half of century.”
Bo laughs. “O. I see and I hear and I understand. You can’t spell the words ‘the’ or ‘and’ for one of your English literature papers.”
Dallas curses. “Presently, the metro city of Birmingham is nicknamed the ‘Magic City.’ Uh! Does that have a familiar ring-a-ding to your ears or your neurons, Bo?”
“No.”
“The vocabulary word is yes.” Dallas chuckles with amusement.
“The place of Los Angeles is the ‘City of Angels,’ bro. I’m ancient, not anal,” he laughs with Dallas.
Dallas exhales. “After years of crime and violence, metro city Birmingham employs jobs in the fields of healthcare, government and banking.”
Bo stands upright from the bench seat with a clap and a whistle. “Bravo! Bravo! Encore! Encore!” He sits back down with a smile and reaches out to grab the apple, “Tell me about the town of Gardenville,” he eats and chews the food.
Dallas roller balls the pupils and looks down, grabbing and eats the pickle in two chomps. “Gardenville is a farm town with lots of cows, horses, pigs, and one fresh gravesite of one former dead, stiff, and smelly Mr. Elmo Raymond Fleming,” laughing.
Bo swallows the food with a smile. “And the former Mr. Fleming would have invited me to stay at his manor during my vacation which will be five days and four fun-filled nights,” he eats and chews the apple.
“Bro!”
He swallows the food with a smile. “Do I have to beg, Dallas?”
“Yeah, I love to see that visual performance, bro! I want you on the knees, wiggling the behind, holding both wrists flexed downward. Heel, Bo. Sit, Bo. Retrieve, Bo.” Dallas laughs.
“I’m begging with a set of big nice words. I’ll be a good boy.”
“You were born the first Nature Scout.” Dallas reaches down and grabs, eating the apple.
Bo frowns. “I did you a big whomping favor allowing your evil stirrings into Elmo’s life. If it wasn’t for me, you would be living on the city street like the rest of the fallen angels.”
Dallas swallows the food with a frown. “And I chose to debate that fragile point here at this spot underneath the old oak tree without the rows of yellow tinted ribbons, since I don’t need all those fancy decorations. Look! I bowled him over with my charisma personality,” laughing.
“What charisma personality? You’re a thief, Dallas,” he nods.
“I hypnotized him with my courageous rescue.”
“You knew that Elmo would fall down from that horse. You possess angel sight which is called clairvoyance.”
Dallas smiles. “And I beguiled him with my genius self.”
“I wanna stay at his manor with you for six days on a vacation.”
Dallas frowns. “You said five days before.”
“I will stay for four days, man. Totally!” Bo smiles. Dallas grunts with approval. Bo reached out and slaps the chest of Dallas with a grin. “Thanks, Dallas! You’re the man,” he reaches down into the shared lunch cooler with Dallas and pulls out two cups of pudding, handing one to Dallas. Then Bo places the cup on top of the table and flips off the lid, eating the food with a smile.
Dallas accepts the cup of pudding and flips off the lid with a sour frown. “I hope that I don’t regret this.”
Bo swallows the pudding, turning to stare at Tina. “How do you know that she is tainted, Dallas?”
Dallas dips the spoon down into the pudding. “Do you see the brown aura around her sitting body?” Bo nods in silence. “A brown colored aura means the human is clinical sickly with a mental illness too. Squint your eyeballs really close! Do you see a maroon tinted band around the brown painted one with a set of scattered patches of black tinted dots? A sickly human has a blue tinted layer around the brown, which is not that or like her. You should have studied more, bro.” Dallas tosses back a skull against the tree bark and then dumps the entire cup of pudding down into the open mouth, chewing with a smile. 
“Studying all that Angeldom didn’t seem to keep you out of trouble.”
Dallas grins. “But, you tried to keep me outta of trouble.”
“I’ve never seem a tainted angel before.”
Dallas shakes the blonde bangs. “A tainted angel is rare, very rare here on the planet.”
“How did she get tainted?”
“You must ask her that question.”
“Is the tainting process that unique?”
Dallas exhales. “The whole ‘taint’ thing is very unique. I only remember the overall theory. A human can brutally remove a pair of angel wings.”
“How can a human remove a pair of angel wings from a real angel, Dallas?”
Dallas snorts. “I would say that a human could do it a trick or a trade or a torture or something else, which is really, really weird.”
“Hmm! We should help her.” Bo grins.
He shakes the blonde bangs with a sour frown. “You are not smelling the tray of home-baked chocolate chips cookies coming out from the baking oven, Bo.”
“Why not? She used to be a heavenly angel. She’s one of us, man.”
Dallas frowns. “I used to be a heavenly angel too. Now, I’m a fallen one. And now, she is a tainted one. No, bro! Finish your pudding!”
“I did finish the pudding. It was very good. There is no way to reverse the tainting processing.”
Dallas shakes the blonde colored bangs. “I don’t think so.”
“We can use my vacare time to find out.”
“No, bro! I thought you wanted to tour the ‘City of Steel.’” He chuckles.
“I can do both.”
“I don’t know about this, Bo.” Dallas reaches back and grabs the neck muscles, massaging the ache of Bo, since the angel always enjoys messing in affairs which are not his own.
Bo frowns at Tina. “Are we disallowed?”
“I don’t think so. But it is an unofficial rule: not to contact them for any reason.”
Bo gasps. “Them? How many tainted angels are there in existence here on the planet? I don’t know one other tainted angel.”
“She is my first encounter of a tainted angel, Bo.”
“She is mine, as well, Dallas. Why can’t we contact a tainted angel? Is she contagious?”
Dallas roller balls the pupils and looks back at the side profile of Tina underneath the tree while scratching the forehead with a pair of clean fingers. “No! She is tainted, not infected, Bo.”
“Can she get sick with human infections, such like, smallpox, chicken pox and the like?”
Dallas frowns. “If I recall correctly, she lives a human with a boost of angel DNA.”
He smiles. “That should keep her both healthy and sanitary here on the planet.”
Dallas laughs. “That is a good point! I hadn’t thought of it that way.”
He grins at Tina. “She’s really pretty.”
Dallas shakes the blonde bangs. “No, bro! The answer is no.”
“She looks young and…”
“We all look young and precious which comes with our angel DNA.”
Bo laughs. “How did you know I was going to say that, man?”
“You are too predictable, bro.” Dallas snorts.
“Hmm! I need to change that.”
Dallas smiles. “Not after three centuries, I seriously doubt that you can change it.”
“Since I can’t change my predicted behavior and you know what I’m going to state next, I vote that we help her.”
“No!”
Bo nods with a smile. “Good! We have a plan.”
“We have a plan. You have a plan. I have school plans.”
Bo laughs. “No! So, that’s why you’re here. I thought you were bored with the 'Steel and Mine' city place.”
He exhales. “Part of the inheritance requirement coming from my dearly departed adopted father Elmo Raymond Fleming, I must complete high school and receive a diploma which is a piece of pressed wood with a set of little red, white, and blue tiny ribbons.”
“You possess hundreds of high school diplomas.”
Dallas smiles. “The other high school diplomas come from all over the world, not here from Gardenville Preparatory High School.”
“Bummer!”
“Bummer?” Dallas turns and frowns at the nose profile of Bo. “Why didn’t you stop him?”
“I can’t interfere, man.”
Dallas turns and stares at Tina. “O! But, you wanna mess with a tainted-angel here. She is big bad trouble. Fleming was old and…”
“…elderly. I thought the idea had merit. You can’t get all of his money until you’re eighteen years old.”
Dallas exhales. “I’m way over eighteen years old.”
“Yeah, you are over eighteen years old in angel years.” Bo laughs.
Dallas frowns. “Yeah, I am over eighteen years old in fallen angel years, too.”
Bo laughs. “When is your fake Earth-related eighteenth birthday party, Dallas?”
“It is next month.”
Bo smiles. “See? You have two more weeks with me. We’ll have fun and play games and celebrate your new independence, before I need to go back to work.”
Dallas smiles. “So, vacation still means that you are hiding out as a human.”
Bo nods with a smile. “I am in human form. The angel wings tucked out of sight. I am out of heaven and off limits from my supervisor. And I am consuming all type of human food too,” he eats the apple and chews with a smile.
“Par-tee!” Dallas smiles, since he doesn’t have time to have fun and play with the mounds of homework awaiting his full undivided attention, before he can graduate high school. Then, he will receive the inheritance of his dead adoptive father.
Bo chuckles. “Well, I am still monitored.”
“When are you not monitored?” Dallas looks up to see the gray overcast skies which may be hiding a flock of angels, who like to come down and walk around in human form too.
Bo stares at Tina. “Does a tainted angel retain their angel abilities?”
Dallas turns and smiles at Tina. “I do not know.”
“You do not know. I can’t believe that my angelic ears heard those adverbs. You don’t know something, Dallas.” Bo smiles. “Then, I say we should test her and her tainted angel abilities as soon as possible.”
Dallas turns and gasps at the nose profile of Bo. “What do we test her for? Math skills? English words? Floral perfume?”
Bo wiggles the eyebrow with a smile. “Does she really wear floral perfume?”
“Naw!”
Bo turns and gasps at the nose profile of Dallas. “That is too quick of a reply which is worthy of my attention and my investigation!”
“Naw!”
“Yes! You know something. Spill it, Dallas!” Bo nods.
“Naw!”
Bo smiles. “I can read your mind, buddy.”
Dallas smiles. “Firstly, I know from historically fact that you cannot do that on me. Secondly, I will not allow you to do that on me. Thirdly…”
Bo gasps. “You personally know her for some reason.”
“She calls me, dork.”
Bo laughs. “Why would that be, man?”
“I call her, doll.”
Bo turns and grins at Tina. “Hmm! I can see the physical comparison.”
“She is the reason that I failed last year while not completing school and receiving my high school diploma.” Dallas growls.
“So?”
Dallas exhales. “Tina cheated on my paper.”
“Why would she do that? She is an angel with lots of celestial knowledge of the entire universe. Can’t she pass her own high school tests?” Bo frowns.
“She failed her English literature test by slanted a pair of emerald eyeballs at my test while copying down all my answers as the teacher accused.” Dallas frowns.
“O! She possesses a pair of emerald eyes. That sounds lovely.” Bo narrows the eyelids and spies the pretty girl, hoping to verify her eye color.
“Bo!” Dallas turns and sneers at his angel friend.
“O! Did she copy the answer off your entire test paper?” Bo turns and smiles at Dallas.
“No. She did not. It was only a small section that was related to theology.”
Bo shakes a skull with a frown. “That doesn’t make any sense! Why would she cheat on the topic of theology? That’s one of our easiest subject matter within all the Angeldom classes.”
He exhales. “She didn’t. We both used the same familiar format of angel examples, because of our related angel experience. When the teacher studied and compared our two individual answers, her presumed assumption was that we had copied off of each other’s test paper.”
“So, she failed the class, too.” Bo frowns.
“We both got suspended, which in turn suspended our grades, which in turn suspended our lives for another round of boring high school.”
Bo nods with a smile. “That tells me immediately that we should help Tina!”
He frowns. “Look, Bo! I don’t know and don’t possess the knowledge to help a tainted angel.”
Bo reaches over and slaps the bicep of Dallas for fun. Dallas grunts with fury. Bo smiles. “Well, we have two long weeks to figure it all out, man.”
“How are you supposed to do that, bro?” He shakes the blonde bangs with a sour frown.
“I can talk to her.” Bo nods with a grin.
He exhales. “You cannot go over there and talk to her about the tainting thing. No! No way, Bo!” “We can go over there and talk to her about the tainting thing.” Bo grins.
“You can try.”
“You can try for the sake of redemption, since you’re on...”
“No! Don’t tax me with this subject matter.”
“Dallas, it has been centuries!” Bo smiles with a nod and does want to tax him with that very subject matter.
“It has been only one hundred years, since the incident.” Dallas exhales while vividly trying to forget.
“You can redeem your good graces and got back into heaven. And she can help you do just that.” He smiles with a nod at the brilliant idea.
“You wish too much, Bo.” Dallas plays with the wrapper on the empty vanilla pudding cup with a sour frown.
Bo shouts out loud with happiness. “This is the perfect opportunity. It is a celestial life time opportunity. A tainted angel goes home. I can hear the cherubs as they sing the repetitive chorus while blasting out the news across the set of pearly gates. Who saved her? Dallas, the fallen one did. Dallas, the heavenly angel has returned back to the place. Dallas…”
“I’m over it. I’m moving on with my fallen life. Don’t wish for something that can’t be retrieved, restored, and reinstated!” Dallas rips off the wrapper from the pudding cup and stabs the plastic fork into the food.
“Why not? I can help too. And the gang misses you.” Bo chuckles with a nod.
Dallas stares down with a snort at the pudding. “And when was the last time you visited with the gang?”
“Well, it has been about one hundred years. But I keep in touch by email and by mobile telephone which nicknamed a cell for some reason but a great little human device.” Bo reaches over and snatches, waving the mobile telephone in the air wave with a chuckle at the little invention.
Dallas snorts. “I’m glad that you’re highly entertained here on the human world, bro.”
“Think about it, Dallas! We! You and I can help her. And you and I can help you.” Bo smiles with the new dream of aiding Dallas.
Dallas reaches down and snatches up, lighting up the cold cigarette, holding it in the hand with a sour frown. “Like when, you and I had some good old times together.” Bo reaches down and lifts up, pouring the bottled water over the burning joint with a smile. Dallas spits mouth salvia into the air. “Hey!”
“You have picked up a couple of human bad habits here on the human planet, man.” Bo drops the empty water bottled down onto the table surface and jabs a finger into the face of Dallas with a sour frown.
“I have retained my favorite human bad habits. I need a smoke.” Dallas reaches down and searches inside the paper bag for another new cigarette.
Bo chuckles. “Do you remember this? When I lifted up that pack of cigarettes in the air and then crashed them while letting all the tobacco particles fall back down onto the dirt on your first day at Elmo’s house.”
Dallas shakes the blonde bangs with a grin of fondness. “You and I were located inside the underground root cellar. Yeah! You scared the stuffing out of my muffin that day, bro.”
He smiles. “And you’re one of the great big bad fallen angels,” laughing.
“I have sworn an oath to repay you back for that stupid dare devil stunt along with all the others, one day.” Dallas leans over and points down at the oversized lunch cooler. “Hand me my bottle of dessert!”
“Today is that fine day. I’m human, kinda,” he leans over and rambles around the cool nylon bag for the remaining last item of lunch.
“Be very careful in what you wish for there, human!” Dallas chuckles with an evil laugh.
“Cheers!” Bo holds up and toasts with the same bottle, handing off a second cold bottle to Dallas.
Dallas cracks open the top, gulps down the liquid, and then literally mouth spits out the nasty beverage onto the grass with a shout out. “Blab!” He stares the dark bottle, not recognizing the design. “What is this?”
“It is a nice cold bottle of chocolate milk.” Bo sips and swallows the milk with a loud burp.
“Where is my bitter beer?” Dallas turns and sneers at the nose profile of Bo.
“I know that. You thought it was the beer bottle which is another retained human bad habit, Dallas.” Bo grins with the brilliant switch-a-roo.
“I’m way over eighteen centuries.”
“Then, you definitely know what’s good for you. Drink up! The milk is good for your body and your soul, man!” Bo lifts up and gulps down the rest of the milk in one swig, dropping down the empty bottle, burping out loud with happiness.
The bell loudly rings as each student swiftly shuffles back into the classroom. Dallas stands upright from the bench seat with a soft curse at Bo.

At 08:08 pm with a sunset of pinks, blues, and yellow with clear sky  and cool temperatures, at the Mellon Bookstore location inside the lounge area setting, Tina sits inside the oversized chair and waits for the girl. The girl possesses a head of long thick straight brown hair with a set of naturally golden highlights, an oval face of tawny tanned skin with a pair of doe-shaped brown tinted eyes, displaying a height of five feet and three inches with a pair of short legs, a tiny waist and wears a set of designer clothes, designer shoes, and a matching designer purse, carrying a mobile telephone in the hand, when she had skidded by Tina on Sunday afternoon for an escape.
When the girl arrives at the bookstore, Tina will find and punch the nose bridge of the girl, blacken one eye socket, and finally pull out chunks of her brown hair from the roots. Or maybe, Tina will not. However, Tina recognizes the owner of the car that carries a personalized car license tag with the name: MELLON4.
Morgan Mellon is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Matthew Mellon, who lives in Morrisville, Alabama. Her father owns a chain of athletic sporting department stores which leads to great wealth and small fame in the little country town and now the thief of a pair of heavenly angel wings that belong to Tina.
Inside the chair, Tina sniffs up the running mucus back into the nostrils, holding back a set of tears with numerous mixed emotions of happy, sad, mad, fury, and finally relief. She has been searching over ten Earth months for her stolen pair of angel wings that made her become a human. She wraps both arms around the repaired thin knit sweater with a set of soft sobs of worry and fright. Her set of jumbled and fumbled deep emotions have not adjusted very well to the trauma of permanently living on the planet without her angel family and her angel friends, but Tina has survived two long Earth years with some of her angel magic intact.
Correction there!
She does not possess her awesome angel powers, but Tina has retained some basic angel abilities of clairvoyance (future prediction) with some other survival angel skills that had been taught to her within her Angeldom lessons in heaven. The angel ability of clairvoyance is a touchy supernatural angel ability, but it allows her to live among all the smelly humans, without their knowledge of her past, her current present, and hopefully not too long from now her future return back through the heavenly pearly gates with a smile at Saint Peter.
Tina continues to live a meek and simple human life with the high hopes of returning back into heaven while leaving behind the material world as she sobs with tears of depression, loneliness, and uncertainty.
Every time Tina looks into the mirror, she sees a female face of one hundred years old in angel years but physical appears like a seventeen year old girl with a round face, a pair of apple cheeks, a set of pink lips, a head of wavy waist-length strawberry-blonde hair, and a pair of mint green eyes on a peachy-pale complexion, standing at five feet and eleven and a half inches which is shine of six feet on a thin frame. The thin frame is not her choice, since the tainting process, Tina has been cursed with an abundant of food allergies while avoiding legumes and fish.
She doesn’t possess a set of tiny or large slivers of scar tissue, where her wing stems had protruded out from the hypodermis. Two years ago, her back muscles had been forcefully ripped open and pulled out from the hypodermis which rested below the fleshy skin of the angel wings that was attached to the underlying bone and muscle of the shoulder blades. Now, the heavenly wings have been touched by a pair of sweaty and smelly human hands and were taken with curious mystery and bloody pain.
Now, her new human back muscles do not ache while coming from that violent barbaric procedure, since she appears like a healthy teenage girl, who lives within metro city Birmingham.
Tina lives without seeing or hearing all the other angels, who float above a skull and flap around on a pair of wings when touring their new domain and protecting their new charge, since she knows that they are there and they know that she is here living as a human also.
After years, days, hours, minutes, and seconds of intense reading sessions here at the bookstore and the local library, she has hypothesized that an angel can contact her, if the angel so desires,  mentally, verbally, or physically. Tina has researched and studied tons of human paper documents that repeat the same data over and over again stating: A tainted angel is lower than a demon that is untouched and unwanted and unknown.
Tina lives and fins off her tainted life to survive within the harsh cruel world here until she finds her stolen heavenly angel wings and the proper wing method of reversing the tainted thing, since she doesn’t know what happened, doesn’t know how it happened, and does knows it will happen again to retrieve and receive the angel wings back onto her back spine.
She grins with happiness at the future excitement, elation, and escape from this human world after discovering the odd smell, where she had tracked the set of wounded angel wings. Her angel wings are surrounded around a human girl who is named Morgan.
Tina stands upright from the chair and stretches into the air with an ugly yawn, exhaling with a puff of worry while pondering the home address location of Morgan Mellow. Tina has never kidnapped a person or has never hurt anyone or has never exhibited any evil opposite human persona, since her natural statehood of an angel is very meek and mild but seriously ponders her delicate dilemma with a deep sigh of disappointment.
In the meantime, with a lack of an evil plan and the evil human, Tina reads, studies, watches, and waits for her secret plot to unfold on a determined day, once she finds Morgan again and then retrieves back the pair of angel wings.
The overhead loud speaker cracks with static sounds and then announces to all human eardrums. “The store is closing.” Then the row of artificial overhead lights blink off and on, indicating for all the customers to exit the bookstore for the evening.
Tina gathers her saddle purse, replacing the borrowed books back onto the shelves for tomorrow’s duty of Tainted-angel investigation and research.
Tuesday, October 22nd


Gardenville Preparatory High School location
Parted clouds without sunshine

Third period English literature course
Classroom setting
11:03 am


The bell rings as each student quickly shuffles into the classroom. Each book and backpack dives down onto a flat table surface. Then, each student slides down into a hard chair with a sour frown. Bo follows behind the back spine of Dallas. Dallas slides down into the stool in the wall corner like usual and stares at the front of the room. Bo plops down into the assigned chair and leans over with a frown into the cheekbone of Dallas. “You should’ve introduced me to Tina, Dallas.”
“Naw.” Dallas looks down and rearranges the books and notepads around each elbow for the new school assignment.
“That was the most opportune time while we were passing her table.”
Dallas continues to fiddle with the books. “Bo, look! Leave her alone.”
“No! She can help you. You can help her. I feel with stronger emotions now today and then yesterday.”
“I’ll buy you a beer later today. Then, you’ll feel numb and weak.” Dallas chuckles with the nasty mental image of Bo, who is relaxed and drunk on two sips of beer.
“Introduce me at our next class!”
“This is our only class together.”
Bo frowns. “Is she in any of your other honors classes?”
Dallas shakes both bangs and opens the book, flipping the pages with a smile. “She is not an academician, Bo. I think she is smart but pre-occupied all the time with her wildly free mental thoughts. She makes lousy grades which prompted her suspension.”
“You don’t make lousy grades,” he gasps.
Dallas nods with a smile down at the page. “Right-o, bro! The school policy required punishment for both parties, since the teacher couldn’t prove burden of guilt on either student.”
He frowns. “Bummer! Isn’t this a private school? How did she come back from cheating and a suspension?”
Dallas continues to review the next chapter in the textbook with a grin. “This is a rich elite private school in Bama. These types of schools must provide one percent for minority fellowship.”
“She is not a minority.”
Dallas looks up with a grin to see the rear strawberry-blonde ponytail of Tina. “A female counts on the minority totem pole here. The standard references any academic minority in which the school must provide for the minority illiterate as well. So, the school has selected one. It is her.”
“She reads, writes, and speaks in a few thousand different languages, since she was a heavenly angel, Dallas. How can she be labeled illiterate?”
Dallas reaches up with a sour frown and grabs the neck muscles with a growing ache coming from all of Bo’s nosy questions. “It is calculated into her very low grade point average, which stands around 1.0.”
“She has a 1.0 grade point average on a 3.0 scale. That is not below average.” Bo frowns at the rear skull of Tina also.
“Because the 1.0 grade point average is measured on a 4.0 scale here at Gardenville Preparatory High.”
Bo nods with a worried brow at her rear skull. “Hmm! She does need our help, bro.”
Dallas turns and growls at the nose profile of Bo. “Bo, you ain’t listening to me. Tina don’t like people, teachers, students, teens, all humans, and maybe small animals.”
Bo gasps. “Is she really mean to small animals here on the planet?”
“Naw! She is very, very shy, withdrawn, keeps to herself which includes eating lunch by herself and sits…”
“…by herself. I do possess angel vision. I observed her behavior yesterday.”
Dallas turns and frowns at the rear skull of Tina. “She has no friends coming from either side of the triangle which includes the nerds, the beauties, the jocks, and the socialites. She is a loner and based on her circumstances, I can understand her mental mentality.”
“You’re giving up to soon, man.”
“We shall see, bro.” Dallas turns and smiles at the teacher.
Miss R sits on top of the desk with a smile. “Today, we will study Hamlet…”
“To be or not to be!” Roger stands upright from the chair and poses both hands over an invisible heart organ with a smile. The other teens laugh out loud.
Miss R motions with a hand and a grin. “Not to be, Roger! Sit down please!” Roger sits down with a pout in silence. She smiles. “Pass up your homework assignment!” She stands upright from the desk surface and move ahead to the nearest table while collecting, and shuffling the papers into both arms. “I will grade and post your new alphabetic letter with the homework paper by tomorrow. In the meantime, I have a very special assignment for ya’ll.” The teens sound with a loud moan in unison. Miss R smiles. “This is part of your final grade for those of you, who want to graduate this year.” She returns back to the desk and reaches over, grabbing, lifting up a small basket and swings around, moving back to the nearest table with a grin. “Each student is to select one folded paper from the basket. Do not open it. Or I will reward the letter grade of F on your special project. This is the first of the new school year.” All the teens sound with a loud groan in unison. She continues to move to each student table and offers the basket to each teen with a smile. “Yes! It is time for my yearly prep talk,” she back steps from the last student table and then sits down on the edge of the teacher deck with a grin.
The classroom door opens. An invisible face shouts out loud inside the classroom coming from the empty hallway. “Good morning, Miss R!” Principal Weston moves through the archway with a smile and stops, standing at the teacher desk as the new student stops and turns, staring into the classroom of student with a smile. He reaches out and drops a stack of student papers on top of the desk with a grin. “I have another transfer student that will attend your class which is two days in a row. Good bye, Miss Mellon!” He spins around with a hum and leaves the classroom.
Next to the wall and inside the table, Tina gasps for oxygen, smashes up both the eyelashes and sits fifteen feet from the new student, who is the thief of her angel wings.
Miss R turns and smiles at the new student, offering the basket with the last sliver of paper. Morgan turns and grins down at the basket, reaching inside, snatching up the paper into a folded hand. “Morgan Mellon, pick any seat at any table. You have arrived in time. We are about to discuss the mid-term literature project.” Morgan turns to face the students and moves ahead towards the wall corner, where Bo and Dallas sit and stare with a grin at the new student also. Tina watches with the other twenty-three pair of eyeballs. Morgan strolls in a pair of designer shoes and pops a series of tiny explosions of pink strawberry bubble gum between a set of parted red tinted lips. Tina smells the sweet taste of strawberry that lingers in air with a smile as Morgan passes the writing table with Tina.
Bo stands upright from the chair and reaches out, pulling an empty chair from the table with a grin like a southern gentleman. Morgan bats a pair of black mascara-covered eyelashes, pouting with a set of red lipstick-covered lips while giggling. She reaches back and smoothes the fashionable short mini-skirt while tucking it underneath the fanny, sitting down into the pre-offered student tall stool next to Bo. She turns and smiles at Bo and Dallas wit a grin and then blows a series of small pink tinted bubbles from the gum with a soft pop.
In front of the student and on top of the desk surface, Miss R sits and claps with a smile to see each student. “Open my gifts right now! I want all the students that hold the math number one to get up and stand by the closed entrance door.” She waves a hand with a grin. “All the number one is by the door. Get up and move! I know for a fact that there are four of ya’ll. And I want those four students to get up and stand by the closed entrance door. And if you haven’t figured out the quickly easy math solution, there are twenty-four students which is divided by four equals perfectly a set of six teams,” nodding. The poor four post-traumatic and stressed students slowly stand and then nosily wander over to the closed door, standing with a set of whispers into each other’s face. Miss R pointes the wall of windows with a smile. “Good! One group is gathered. The students that hold a slip of paper that shows the math number two please get up and stand by the far, far north directional window. The four students that hold a slip of paper with the math number three please get up and move, standing in the middle window of the wall of window. Group with the math number four please move and stand by the southern directional window on the wall of windows. The four students that each hold a slip of paper with the number five come up here and stand in front of the whiteboard which is behind my desk. And finally, the students with the number six stood in the rear wall in the rear of the room. Get up and march! One. Two. Three. Four. One. Two. Three. Four…”
Tina continues to sit at the empty writing table and looks down with a stern face, opening the small piece of folded paper to see the number four with a sigh, since she is tired of pretending to be teen high school student, but she can’t get a working job without a legal document. Even each illegal alien that lives within the USA exhibits the same human traits: a missing birth certificate, a foreign accent, an exotic face, and a missing set of American fingerprints. Some of these items cannot be fabricated by a tainted angel like an illegal alien.



Ten months ago, Tina had plopped down into the US State of Alabama on her first assignment as a new guardian angel.
Then after the stunned incident inside a root cellar of a country horse barn minus the horses, she had become a human and had to speak, read, and write as a human.
She had to act and behavior as a human while surviving without food and shelter, wearing a set fabric rags on a naked back muscles as protection of a hot bright sun and the sharp cold wind with all the other harsh elements, where Mother Nature had been assigned by the Source on the top of a round ball of blue and brown globe which was called Earth.



Inside the private high school classroom at the student table, Tina stands upright from the chair and presses all fingers down the ripped and faded blue jean skirt to the top of the naked peachy-pale skin of both legs with a deep sigh, spinning around to face the wall of window, slowly strolling and then quickly dodges around the flow of other teen forms towards the southern window. She follows behind back spine of her classmate Dallas, the new male student Bo, and the new female student Morgan. They stood and pose in a loose huddle while inspecting a separate small slip of papers and chat. Tina stops and sandwiches between the two tall males with a puzzled bow in silence.
Inside the huddle, “Hey, doll!” Dallas turns with a smile and a wink to see the hair roots of Tina.
She quickly reacts and winks to Dallas while smiling. “Hey, doll back! I love the pet name, babe. You can call me, Morgan.” Morgan moves closer and stands, leaning into the nose profile of Dallas, bumping his bicep with an elbow while giggling and popping the bubble gum while examining his tallness.
Dallas looks up to see Bo and shakes the bangs with a confused brow. “Did you receive the math number four, too, Bo?”
Bo hand whips the small white paper in the air holding it with the fingers and a smile. “See here? I got the math number four on my individual sliver of paper.”
Dallas shakes the bangs and narrows the eyelids at the faithful angel with a sneer, reaching out, grabbing the paper from the cupped hand of Bo while inspecting the contents. He reached out and extends the other palm to Morgan, staring at Bo with a sneer. “Morgan, let me see your…”
“Bo! Morgan!” Miss R dashes ahead from the teacher desk with a frown and stops, standing between Morgan and Dallas, shaking the curls, waving both hands in the air between the huddled students with a smile. “I know that starting a new school isn’t easy. I can sympathy. But each new student must wing your teen selfie away from Dallas. He is a very good student and can tutor you on literature text bites that I will admit. However, you need to go to your selected teams for this new assignment. It’ll be fun to meet and greet…”
“We…” Dallas hands the set of collected papers to the teacher while staring at Bo. “We all for some unknown and unexplained supernatural mysterious weird non-scientific reason seem to possess a paper slip with the math number four, Miss R.”
“Impossible!” She reaches out and grabs, reading each slip of paper. “Tina, give me your slip please!” Tina hands the folded paper with the math number four to the teacher in silence.
“This rocks! We’re all on the same team.” Morgan turns with a smile to Bo while pointing with a nod at Dallas. “Is he really smart?”
Bo turns and nods with a grin to Morgan. “Dallas is genius smart. I do believe the term applies to Dallas.” Morgan smiles. Dallas shakes the blonde bangs and shuffles side to side with nervous energy.
“What are the odds of one table collecting the same number three times?” Miss R shakes the curls with confusion and looks up to see each student with a smile.
Morgan grins. “This rocks like a zillion to one odds. Isn’t that right, honey?”
Miss R returns all the white slips back to Dallas with a nod and a smile. “I don’t mess with destiny. I’m not a judge. I guess fate has placed all ya’ll together. So, good luck team number four!” She pivots and rushes back to the desk with a grin.
Dallas exhales with a sour frown at the slips of paper. “Thanks, Miss R!”
“Is he really smart?” Morgan claps with happiness and continues to smile at Bo.
“Let’s move back to our table!” Dallas spins around with a sour frown and leads them back to the wall corner, stopping, sliding down into his chair. Bo pulls out a chair for each female and then sits down into an empty chair with a smile. Dallas lifts both hands and releases the slips of paper onto the hard surface, turning with a stern face to see each face. “We need a topic…”
“We need a leader.” Bo chuckles with a nod at Dallas.
“I vote for you, Dallas, honey.” Morgan turns and bats a pair of black mascara-covered eyelashes with a smile, reaching out and touches the bicep of Dallas with a pair of blood red colored manicured long fingernails.
“Second.” Bo turns and smiles at the nose profile of the female diva, who likes to annoy Dallas.
“All right!” Dallas exhales. “I am the leader.”
In the front of the classroom, Miss R sits behind the teacher desk and claps for attention to see the team of students with a stern face. “A team can pick any subject matter. I’m not selective to your choices as long as it relates to literature.”
“Can my team of both brilliant and stupid students pick a topic from American literature, Miss R?” the student with red hair of tallness shouts out loud and stands with her selected team in front of the northern window. One of the students reaches over and slaps the bicep of the leader with a snarl.
“A team can select from world, ancient, mythological, Eastern, Western, biblical, or another topic. Let me repeat once more! I’m not selective about the topic. If you’re uncertain, then come and see me.” She lifts up a palm with a stern face. “However, I’m very picky about you following the rules of a gradable literature project. Rule one, you will presented to me, one paper which has been collaborated by all members of your team. Collaboration is a new word which means everyone is too participate. The team is composed of the four students, who standing or sitting next to your right or your left foot. So, figure out your feet!” The teens laugh out loud. She smiles. “Rule two, there will be four different subject headings for each four different team members, who all will collaborate and writing the one paper...”
“Miss R, you want four different subject headings in one paper. How’s that possible?” The student in front of the white board frowns down at her hair roots.
She smiles at the writing desk. “For example, if I select to explain an elaborate written prose on the geographic directions of Earth, I would have four different viewpoints which would be composed of east, west, south, and north directions. Get the pic! Good!”
The leader of team math number five smiles. “Thanks, Miss R!”
Miss R smiles. “Rule three, the paper must be written in a professional research style.” All the teens sound with a loud moan in unison. She grins. “You understand my request with the APA footnotes. Good! Your team has three weeks to complete your work, where the paper is typed with visual font number twelve and printed in Times Roman style and double spaced of ten pages, including the header page and the last page of references which means eight pages of well documented researched accurate data within your single English literature paper. That is two pages per student. Easy! Please folks, do not make things up. I don’t like it when you fib, tattle, or rattle about a fake event or two. Then I will distribute with a delightful pleasure the letter F for failure to finish. Understand!” The room echoes in silence. She stands upright from the teacher chair with a nod and a smile to the students. “Excellent! Does each student understand me now? Start your engines! Ready! Set! Go!” She reaches out and collects the grade book, a set of loose homework papers, an empty coffee mug from the desk, standing upright and turns, leaving the classroom for an empty study hall while the student discuss the new project.
In the wall corner writing table, Dallas turns and exhales at each face. “Simon says, what topic? I’m not picky about subject matter, only gradable material for passing this class, so I can finally graduate high school.”
Morgan points a manicured fingernail at Tina and blows the bubble gum with a soft pop. “Can she talk?”
“Yes.” Tina hisses at Morgan.
Morgan continues to pose the finger at Tina and blows another bubble with a soft pop. “Is she the one percent minority person for this school?”
“No.” Tina growls at Morgan.
Morgan continues to pose the fingernail at Tina with a sneer without popping a bubble. “She is the academic minority. Is she illiterate?”
“No.” Tina sneers at Morgan.
She slaps both hands over the table surface with a sour frown. “This sucks! I need this academic class to graduate high school.” Morgan turns and pouts at Dallas.
“Ditto, mama!” Dallas snorts at Bo. Bo stares with a stern face at the nose profile of Morgan.
Morgan frowns. “Can she read and write?”
Dallas exhales. “Morgan!”
Morgan sneers. “I can’t fail this class. I just can’t.”
“No one is going to fail this class or this project. I do believe that we have started off on the wrong foot.” Dallas exhales with annoyance at Morgan.
Morgan looks down with a confused brow at the feet. “My feet aren’t wrong. I have a right foot and a left foot,” giggling.
Dallas shakes the bangs with a stern face. “An informal expression, it means to say that we need to greet and meet all the students in class.” He points at Morgan and smiles at Tina. “Sweet Tina, I want you to meet Morgan. Morgan, I want you to meet …”
“My toes, they are painted red inside my new designer sandals, not rough cowboy boots.” Morgan looks up with a smile to see Tina.
Dallas turns with a wink to see Tina. “Are your pair of cowgirl boots rattlesnake or gator, doll? I like rattlers better. They have such pretty colors like you, Tina.” Bo grins. Morgan hisses. Tina smiles, since Dallas is always sweet to Tina, when he is not flirting with every available and unavailable girl in and out of class time at Gardenville Prep.
Morgan places both hands underneath the chin while popping the bubble gum with an open mouth. “I saw my new sandals in Vosh. That’s a popular fashion magazine, darling. You should purchase one and get some updated and current fashion tips for your wardrobe. I hate to tell you this. But blue jeans…”
Dallas turns and sneers at Morgan. “Blue jeans are the height of fashion on the four corners of the world, Morgan.”
Morgan smiles. “My feet had a pedicure last night. The manicurist sprayed perfume on them too. Can you smell…?”
“Bacon.” Dallas smirks at Morgan. Bo laughs. Tina turns and stares with a puzzled brow at the nose profile of Dallas.
“That sucks! Bacon?” Morgan turns and frowns at Dallas.
“I smell the strong odor of bacon.” Dallas leans over with a smile and sniffs the collar bone of Morgan, pulling back with a laugh. “You smell like pan fried hot sizzling fresh cooked bacon strips, Morgan.”
Morgan pops the gum and then slaps the mouth with a hand, exhaling a tongue of bad breath into the open palm with a stern face. “I consumed a BLT sandwich for lunch.”
“That explains everything to me.” Dallas reaches down and taps the pencil on top of the empty page of the notebook. Bo laughs. Morgan pouts. Tina smiles.
Bo smiles at Dallas. “Leader leads.”
“Leader does lead.” Dallas turns and views the wall clock with a deep sigh while tapping the pencil on top of the paper, looking back to see each face with a smile. “We meet after school at the place of…”
“Mellon Bookstore.” Morgan blows a bubble with a soft pop.
“Excellent suggestion, Morgan! We will meet at 2:05 pm at Mellon Bookstore. There are numerous large empty tables for meeting in the rear of the store for us to discuss our new English literature project. So, everyone bring your brain and your brass for tackling the subject. Does that sound like a good plan?” Dallas nods with a smile to each student.
The bell loudly rings. Then each student departs the classroom for the next academic course.

At 02:05 pm inside the Mellon Bookstore location in the conference room setting with hot temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunshine, high school senior student and fallen angel Dallas enters into the bookstore floor and moves ahead towards the rear wall, which displays a line of meeting tables, without a set of four solid walls that lead towards into a dark empty hallway of bathrooms and the rear parking lot of the building. The meeting table can be used by any person to read a book or to chat with a group of friends over a hot or a cold beverage. He stops at the first meeting table and slams the new designer backpack on the top of hard surface while feeling the life form behind a back spine. “Where were you, Bo?”
Bo advances behind the back spine of Dallas and stops behind an empty chair, gently dropping down the old and worn backpack on top of the new carpet while surveys the new meeting place with a smile. “Around…”
Dallas turns to face Bo and tilts the chin with a worried brow while using angel magic to study the past few moments of Bo’s adventure and then snorts with an evil grin. “You were speeding and racing the sports cars…”
“The sports car, you give me as a ride and a transport for moving about the town and along the country side.”
Dallas shakes the blonde bangs and points a neatly trimmed clean fingernail at Bo with a sour frown. “That I have generously lent to you out of the bottom of my giving heart and my closed mutant stupid brain cells during you’re forced vacare on me and mine. The brand new sports car is being returned back to the dealership parking lot, after you disappear from me and mine again. Don’t wreck the car, bro!”
“You possess tons of money funds coming from Mr. Fleming.” Bo looks down and snatches up the sports magazine from the hand of Dallas with a smile, reading the pages in silence.
“Look! I possess a tiny amount of very limited monetary funds, until that gigantic inheritance kisses my butthole. So, do not wreck the brand new sports car, Bo! Since, you’re an angel and don’t die!” Dallas violently scoots the chair, plopping on his lean wallet inside his slender faded blue jeans.
Bo continues to review the magazine with a smile. “I don’t plan too, man,” his pair of eyeballs shifts from the book and then looks down with a puzzled brow at the blonde tinted hair roots of Dallas, titling the chin to the side. “How did you know that I was racing around town inside the brand new sports car?”
“I possess angel powers also. Remember?” Dallas pulls out the new notebook of paper and the pencil, jolting down a set of hand written notes on the lined paper for the new English literature project.
“I’m impressed.” Bo reaches down and scoots out the chair with a grin, sitting down, surveying the meeting room and the numerous book stacks of new books inside the local bookstore.
Dallas looks up and turns with a sour frown to see the nose profile of Bo. “Yeah! I’m impressed also. Why did you manipulate all the weak-minded humans with the new English literature project, Bo?” He reaches over and steals the sports magazine, reading through the pages in silence.
Bo turns and smiles at Dallas. “No, man! I don’t possess my…”
Dallas continues to flip through the pages of the magazine with a growl. “Yes, you do! You possess an angel survival pack. I know that too.”
“Yes, I have them. Yes, I promise on thrones and seraphs that I didn’t manufacture that really weird situation inside the English literature classroom today. Chill out, man! Why are you so explosive?”
Dallas exhales with a worried brow. “One, I need to pass this class. Two, I need to pass to this class to graduate. Three, I need to pass this class to graduate for a silly paper diploma. Four, I need to pass this class to graduate for a silly paper diploma to receive my proper money inheritance.”
Bo shakes a black skull with a frown. “It ain’t your money, man. All the gold, the silver, and the other precious treasures of this world belong to the Creator. Have you forgotten all your Angeldom?”
He exhales with a sour frown. “No, I’ve not forgotten all of my Angeldom. But I’m a fallen angel which translates into a lower human here on the planet. And yes, it is my money that is owned to me since…”
“You’re acting so human. Drop the act, man!” Bo laughs.
“I am human, not even close like you, Bo. Money is an important item for a human and it pays for food, shelter…”
Bo points up with a smile towards the ceiling. “You’re returning back into heaven, man. You don’t need money there, since there is not any type of material value thingies above the clouds,” laughing.
“How apropos! Your nickname for me is man, angel.” Dallas sneers.
“Good point, angel,” he chuckles.
“I’m very concerned about my well-being here on the planet, Bo. The inheritance money is tied to school. The school is tied to the silly paper diploma. The paper is tied to…”
Bo reaches over and slaps the bicep on Dallas with a smile. “Don’t sweat it! I’ll tutor the angel. She’ll do her part. I promise to you, Dallas.”
Dallas turns with a snort and a wicked grin at the nose profile of Bo. “You should be worried about not doing your part, Bo. You’re a faithful angel. If the big ones catch you playing around with fire, you’ll get burned.”
He turns with a smile to see outside the room. “I am on vacation. I can play with anyone as long as I’m not destructive to the planet or the people. See? You do not remember your Angeldom. I think you might need a refresher course when you and I return back into heaven, man.”
Dallas shakes the blonde bangs and looks down at the hand written information inside the notebook with a worried brow. “I think that she is the one that’s destructive for my soul.”
Bo turns and smiles down at the hair roots of Dallas. “She’s shy. That’s all. You clued me into that fact yesterday during lunchtime. Everything will be fine. So, relax, man!”
Morgan strolls ahead and enters into the meeting room while blowing a pink tinted bubble in the air as it deflates with a soft pop. She stops and sits down a designer purse inside an empty chair next to Dallas with a smile, turning with a wink to see Bo with girly interest. Tina follows behind the back spine of Morgan and watches the mating exchange of the female and the two males with angel intrigue. Morgan scoots out the chair and sits down between Dallas and the air waves, shuffling the chair close to his bicep, reaching out and touches her forehead with a giggle while popping the bubble gum with a smile. The bubble bursts around the red painted lipstick-covered lips as she clears the pink remnants with a pair of matching red tinted manicured fake fingernails. Then she repeats the disgusting procedure with the pink tinted bubble gum.
Tina paces around Dallas on the opposite side of the square table between the two chairs of each male, sitting down inside an empty chair in silence with a stern face, playing both hands on top of the worn paper notebook while readying with information exchange of the new school assignment with the new English literature team.
Morgan blows and then sounds with a soft pop of gum with a smile. “I’ll order us drinks.”
Dallas turns and chuckles at the nose profile of Morgan. “Alcohol is served right here.”
“No, bozo! The bookstore serves a cup of lattes or a frappuccino for the taste buddies.” Morgan frowns at Dallas and then turns with a wink to see Bo while ignoring Tina.
“O!” Dallas looks down with a smile and flips through the blank pages inside the notebook.
Morgan blows and then sounds with a soft pop of the gum, pointing at manicured fingernail at Bo. “What does he drink?”
“Give Bo a caramel macchiato.” Dallas scratches down a few major topic ideas with a smile into the notebook with the pencil.
Morgan turns and points with a smile at Tina. “Okay! What do you want to drink, girl?”
Tina exhales. “I…”
Morgan blows and then sounds with a soft pop of the gum with a wicked smirk. “You look like a peppermint girl.”
Dallas looks up and turns with a wink to see Morgan. “You look like a spearmint girl.”
“I am more like a piece of juicy fruit which is really sweet and gooey.” Morgan winks with a laugh, reaching down into the designer purse, pulling out the mobile telephone and presses the bookstore icon on her phone, lifting it into the smile. “Ralphie!” She turns and winks at Bo.
She paused and listened to the voice of Ralph on the other end of the mobile telephone.
Morgan orders into the phone. “Bring me four lattes! Me, I wanna an iced skinny latte. Then, I wanna an ice peppermint white chocolate mocha, two caramel macchiato, a tray of lemon drizzle loafs, marshmallow twizzles, chocolate cookies, red velvet whoopee pies, granola bars, and finally bring over a set of four gift cards…”
Pause.
“Make each gift card for fifty dollars each.”
Pause.
“Thanks, Ralphie honey!” Morgan drops down and swished the mobile telephone shut, stowing it back inside the purse, looking up with a smile to see Dallas and then winks at Bo.
Dallas sighs with a nod to see each face. “I’m leader.”
“Leader leads.” Bo nods with a smile.
Dallas nods. “We should meet here after school every day.”
“Why should we meet here every day?” Morgan frowns.
Bo frowns. “No! We do not need to meet here every day. Once…”
“Okay!” Dallas exhales. “We will meet here after school twice a week. We only have three weeks to complete the work and then write the one page.”
“This rocks! That’s plenty of time to finish the thing!” Morgan looks down and counts in silence on each manicured fingernail with a stern face. 
Inside the archway, a pimple-faced young male appears and stands behind a rolling cart of food. There are four tall glasses of white thick foam that stands over a dark rich colored liquid with a green straws and a tray of food items. He moves ahead and scoots around the table, stopping beside Morgan, who is familiar to him. He lifts up and gently drops back down a heavy tray of goodies in the middle of meeting table plus each beverage in front of the food. He turns and nods to each person in silence, back stepping from the table, leaving the meeting room in silence.
Bo turns and nods to Ralph. “Thank you, sir!”
Tina turns and smiles at Ralph. “Thank you!”
Dallas reaches out and grabs two beverages with a smile, “Thanks, bro!” He slides one of the beverages to Bo with a nod.
Morgan continues to count on each manicured fingernail in silence. Bo grabs out and examines the cold beverage with a smile. “We have twenty-one days including fifteen days which is Monday through Friday with six days of Saturday and Sunday, before we are required to present and offer the English literature paper to the teacher.” Dallas laughs out loud. Morgan looks up with a sour pout at Bo. Tina stares with a stern face at Morgan.
Bo reaches out and grabs one piece of the chocolate marshmallow twizzles from the food tray, eating and chewed with a smile. Dallas sips and swallows the latte. Bo leans down and sucks on the sweetened caffeine beverage with a puzzled brow, swallowing the liquid, examining the beverage with delight.
“What’s wrong?” Morgan looks with a confused brow at Bo.
Bo smiles. “This beverage is awesome.” He lifts up the beverage near the eyeballs while studying the colored liquid. Morgan frowns. Dallas laughs. Tina turns and stares at Bo. Bo smiles at the beverage. “I mean to say that I haven’t tried the caramel…”
“Love it!” Morgan smiles with a nod. “I love them all,” she leans down and nosily slurps the beverage, swallowing with a smile, reaching out for a granola bar. “Drink it up, girl!”
“I am not thirsty.” Tina looks down with a stern face to see the blank pages of the notebook.
Morgan stares with a sour frown at the strawberry-blonde hair roots on Tina. “What does that mean: I am not…”
“The beverage tastes good, Tina.” Bo turns and smiles at her nose profile.
“No thanks!” Tina continues to stare down with a stern face at the blank page.
Morgan sneers. “Why are you not drinking the beverage, girl?”
Tina looks up with a stern face to see Morgan. “I have a set of allergies. I am sorry.”
Bo frowns with worry. “Are you really allergic to food? What types of foods are you allergic too, Tina?”
Tina exhales and stares at Morgan. “Peanuts, tree nuts, shellfish, fish, milk, egg, wheat, berries…”
“You’re allergic to the whole freaking world, girl,” Morgan laughs out loud. “How below heaven and above hell do you live on this planet, not girlfriend?” She leans down and nosily sucks on the beverage, swallowing the liquid with a sour frown.
Dallas turns and exhales to see each face. “We…”
“Now, you tell me the truth!” Morgan exhales with a sour frown at Tina. “I go to a lot of trouble…”
“You went to a lot of trouble. You need to use a set of proper grammar structure especially in your part of our group paper,” Dallas turns and frowns at Morgan. “She didn’t ask for the drink, Morgan.”
Morgan sneers. “You could be more social and talk to people. Or do you only converse with the small or large smelly animals?”
Dallas turns and chuckles at Tina. “You should learn to squawk like a hawk as Morgan does, since she enjoys all the attention.” Bo laughs. Morgan hisses. Tina turns and smiles at Dallas. Dallas turns and frowns at Morgan. “For your outdated files, Morgan, Tina is a southern lady here in Bama.”
“Me, too!” Morgan slaps a chest and nods with a smile. “I was born right here in Bama too.” Dallas exhales. “Back to business! We should work on Saturday afternoons also.”
“My appointment calendar is full. I decline.” Morgan eats and chews the food, swallowing the lumpy snack.
Bo turns and smiles at Tina while reaching out, crawling a set of fingers towards her hand. “Is your appointment calendar full, angel?”
Morgan smiles. “I just explained that to you, handsome.”
Bo turns and sneers at Morgan. “Was I talking to you, Miss Mellon?”
Morgan pouts. “I thought…”
Bo sneers. “Your mental processing is flawed or failed. You need a vacare.” He laughs out loud while enjoying the role of a human for a short period of time. He also likes to exhibit all those nasty human traits for a little while to some of the more deserving true humans. That’s the point of vacare.
Morgan frowns. “Vacare? What is a vacare?”
“The word vacare is a Latin word which means, a vacation.” Bo smiles. Tina turns and stares at Bo with curiosity.
“You probably more familiar with the word, ferias.” Dallas smiles. Tina turns and stares at Dallas with curiosity.
Bo smiles. “It is a period of time which is devoted to pleasure or to rest or to relax. My days are free from work for a little while.” Tina turns and stares at Bo with curiosity.
Morgan frowns. “O. It is a vacation. Well, why didn’t you just say that word, vacation? It is spelled v.a.c.a.t.i.o.n,” giggling.
Dallas exhales. “Look, younglings!”
Morgan turns with a sneer and jabs a fingernail at Dallas. “Younglings! Are you calling me a fat girl?”
“How did you ever pass into the twelfth grade, Miss Mellon?” Bo laughs out loud. Tina turns and giggles at Morgan.
“Shut up, boy!” Morgan turns and sneers at Bo.
Dallas waves both hands in the air with a worried brow. “Look, all younglings! I need to pass this academic course.”
Morgan turns and smiles at Dallas. “Or you will repeat as a senior for the third time, Dallas.”
Dallas exhales. “That is correct, Miss Mellon! I will not be a repeating senior for the third time.”
“Hmm! You’re Elmo’s…” Morgan snaps the fingers with a smile. “What is that word? Heiress? No. It is he…rest...”
Dallas turns with a sour frown to see Morgan. “What did you call me, Morgan?”
Morgan exhales with a confused brow. “You know what I mean, Dallas, honey. For a beautiful princess, you have a handsome prince. A wealthy countess has her rich count. A lovely duchess has her dashing duke. And the other royal peoples have…have…”
Bo frowns. “The word is heir. Dallas is the heir of the grand estate of deceased Mr. Fleming.”
Morgan nods with a smile. “You are right. The word is heir. So I have heard that you need that silly piece of paper with all these colorful ribbons to be the next heir of all that huge money inheritance of Fleming.”
Dallas exhales. “It is called a high school diploma, Miss Mellon.”
“You’re a mean guy, Dallas.” Morgan frowns.
Dallas sneers. “You’re a…”
“Say it, boy!” Morgan jabs a fingernail at Dallas with a sneer. “I double dog dare ya, son.”
Dallas exhales. “We will work together on the English literature project which needs to be completed and presented in three weeks before Miss R. Okay! Back to the main discussion! Does anyone have a topic?” He reaches out and grabs, lifting up, sucking down the cold latte with a loud burp of a smile.
“Snakes.” Bo smiles at Morgan.
“No snakes!” Dallas shakes the bangs.
“Bees.” Morgan turns and smiles at Bo.
“Buzz! Buzz!” Bo chuckles.
“No animals!” Dallas exhales.
“Stars.” Bo smiles.
“No outer space.” Dallas frowns.
“Wizards.” Morgan grins.
“Witches.” Bo smiles.
“No Goth!” Dallas frowns.
“How about a ocean of crystal clear blue tinted sea water with tons of white tinted and hot feeling sand which is located inside a placid village with an outdoor cafe?” Morgan smiles with a giggle.
“No!” Dallas shakes the bangs. Morgan lifts up and holds a key chain near a wicked grin as the heavy object swings gracefully back and forth from motion. Dallas frowns at the object in her hand. “What’s that?”
Bo smiles at the object. “That is a very large shiny key chain in her hand.”
Morgan smiles. “This is our English literature project, angels.”
“Excellent choice, Miss Mellon! I fully approve and relate.” Dallas turns and winks at Bo. Bo cuts both eyeballs at Tina. Tina cringes with a shocked face at the key chain.
Morgan continues to hold the key chain, turning with a smile to see Dallas. “This rocks! Are you religious or something here, honey?”
“I can attest that he is something like that.” Bo turns and laughs at Morgan.
Dallas scratches down the word with the pencil on the paper with a wicked smirk. “My own religion and it does include the subject of angels.”
“So, I selected a good pick. Ain’t that right, Dallas, honey?” Morgan drops the key chain back down into the designer purse on the side of the chair, pulling out the mobile telephone into the smile.
“What do you think, angel?” Bo turns and smiles at Tina.
Tina exhales. “I ...”
“Ralphie honey, can you roll that heavy cart which is filled with all of those smelly old books to my table here inside the meeting room?” Morgan smiles into the speaker of the mobile telephone.
She paused and listened to the voice of Ralph on the other end of the mobile telephone.
“You’re a sweetheart, Ralphie, honey.” Morgan swishes the telephone shut and drops down into the designer purse, turning with a smile to see Dallas. “What types of angels do we use for our paper? Ain’t some of the angels kinda nice? Ain’t that right, Dallas, honey?”
“A nice angel is called a benevolent angel.” Dallas turns and smiles at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas with intrigue.
Bo winks at Dallas. “A bad angel is called a fallen angel.” Tina turns and stares at Bo with intrigue.
“A goody-goody angel is named a faithful angel.” Dallas smiles with a chuckle at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas with interest.
“How about we write our English literature paper on the topic of a guardian angel?” Morgan licks out all fingers with the white sugary cream that fills the inside red velvet whoopee pie.
Dallas smiles at Bo. “A guardian angel is also categorized as a faithful angel.” Tina turns and stares at Bo with intrigue.
Morgan smiles with cream around the lips. “I have never heard that description of a faithful angel. Ain’t that right, Dallas, honey? How about we write our paper on the topic of a messenger angel?”
“A messenger angel represents good, love, and peace.” Bo winks at Dallas. Tina stares at Bo with interest.
“Isn’t an angel asexual, which is not a male or a female?” Morgan smiles at Bo. Bo laughs out loud with Dallas. Tina giggles with a grin. Morgan turns and frowns at each face. “What’s so funny?”
Dallas turns and smiles at Bo. “Let’s just say that I like to think of my personal heavenly angel as a male.” Tina turns and stares at Dallas with curiosity.
Morgan gasps. “You’re gay!” Bo hoots out loud. Tina giggles softly.
Dallas turns and sneers at Morgan. “No, bi…babe! I am one hundred percent a male.”
Morgan waves a manicured hand in the air with a smile. “All angels are a male. The Bible tells me so, where all the male names list as Michael, Gabriel, Raphael…”
“Satan.” Bo smiles at Morgan.
“Is Satan a male or a female?” Dallas turns and winks at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas with intrigue.
“Some of the bitches I’ve met within my short seventeen years of life could be called a satanette,” Morgan leans down and nosily sucks the latte, swallowing with a smile at Dallas. Bo and Tina chuckle.
Dallas turns and smiles at Morgan. “I like the way you think, Morgan.”
Morgan winks at Dallas and reaches, out, gingerly touches his bicep with a giggle. “I like your presence stirring within my air waves, Dallas, honey.” Ralph arrives and stands inside the archway of the meeting room, slowly moving ahead, rolling a cart of books and stops between Morgan and Dallas with a smile in silence. He back steps the table and leaves the meeting room. Morgan turns with a smile and stares down at the cart of books. “Thanks, Ralphie honey!”
Dallas turns with a smile and looks down at the same rolling cart, where a set of large and small bounded reference books stood upright or leans into each other. The books will be used for research on the English literature paper that is required to be eight typed pages paper due in three weeks. He reaches down and grabs, snatching up any individual book, passing one to Tina and then Bo and finally Morgan. “Take a book and pass it to the next person. Then, start reading in silence while searching for the topic of angels for our English literature paper which is due in three weeks,” he places a book on top of the hard surface with a stern face.
Morgan accepts the book with a smile from Dallas while staring down at the rolling cart of smelly and colored textbook manuals. “There are lots of resources here on this little cart,” she slaps the book on top of the hard surface with a loud boom and a giggle, opening to see the first page.
Bo accepts the book from Tina with a smile, leaning down into her cheekbone. “Thank you, Tina! Do you wanna share this book and assignment with me?”
“Everyone gets an individual book to start the immediate research of the selected topic of angels. We have only three weeks to find the data and then write the final paper.” Dallas opens the book with a sneer and reads the table of contents.
Morgan reads out loud with a smile the interior of the book. “This book was written by world famous scholars of Israel University.”
“This book was written by the Oriental Institute.” Dallas reads out loud the interior of the book.
“Orient comes from the Latin word which means ‘east where the sun rises.’ Did you know that, Tina?” Bo continues to lean over with a smile into her cheekbone of Tina without performing the English literature assignment.
Morgan looks up with a puzzled brow to see Bo. “What is opposite of that?”
“The opposite of me is you.” Bo continues to lean over with a smile into her cheekbone.
“Reverse of a sunrise is a sunset. The word, occident, comes from the Latin definition that means ‘for west,’ where the sun sets in the western horizon on the planet in the evening every night.” Dallas looks up with a sneer to see Bo and Tina. “And Bo needs to lean further towards the west, instead of the east, bro! You have lots of work to do before the end of your vacation.”
Morgan reaches over and grabs a new book, placing it on top of the previous one, flipping to the first page with a grin. “This rocks! This book comes from Cambridge University and written by renowned PhD of something.”
Bo sits upright with a stern face and gently places the book on top of the hard surface, flipping to the first page. “Cambridge or Harvard or Princeton University, one or more of these college professors is listed…”
“….as a crack-pot, who only wants money,” Dallas stares down with a sigh at the book. “The entire world runs on money, lots of money.”
“Lots of money, the favorite quote of my man Dallas.” Bo looks up and smiles at the blonde hair roots of Dallas.
Dallas looks up with a wink to see Bo. “Actually, it is my favorite thing to do and to have and to use.” Bo frowns. Tina looks down and stares at the interior information of the book in silence.
Bo looks down at the book with a grin. “Hmm! Some of these older rare books have a set of written pages in the language of Hebrew or ancient Greek. That was a very long time ago,” he looks up with a grin to see the hair roots of Dallas. “Aren’t you tutored in the ancient texts? What do you think about this discovery, Dallas?”
Morgan flips through the pages and stops at the colored picture inside the book with a grin. “This rocks! It is really cool to believe in angels. It is definitely cooler to believe in an angel rather than a church. Angels are everywhere here on the planet. I have seen a set of cutesy little figurines inside a church, a bookstore, on a television show, and on all these Hollywood movies, which are represented as a guardian angel. Ain’t that right, Dallas honey?”
Dallas taps on the page with a smile. “I’m pleasantly surprised by all of those ancient and rare books, Morgan. The rare manuals will offer a refreshing helpful look at our English literature topic of angels, such as, who they are, what they do, and why it matters.”
“Thanks for the nice compliment, Dallas, honey!” Morgan looks up with a smile to see the blonde hair roots on Dallas. He ignores her and continues to read the thick reference book while jolting down hand written notes for the research paper. She smiles. “So, I would suggest that the first subject to write about is a messenger angel.”
Dallas continues to review the book. “A messenger angel is sent from heaven down to the planet above the skull of a man or a woman to deliver a message, minister humanity to a human, teach the doctrine of salvation, call mankind to repent, save an individual from a perilous situation, and finally guide all of humankind,” laughing. Tina looks up and stares at the hair roots of Dallas.
Bo looks up with a smile to see the hair roots of Dallas. “The primary role of an angel is to protect and guide a human while carrying out a team of good tasks.”
Dallas looks up with a snort and a wicked grin to see Bo. “A bad task goes only to a bad angel.” Bo laughs. Tina turns and stares at Bo with intrigue.
Morgan continued to flip through the pages and reads out loud inside the book. “An angel has a greater knowledge rather than a male and is not omniscient,” she looks up to see Dallas. “What does that mean: not omniscient?”
“Omniscient is the capacity to know everything infinitely including a thought, a feeling, a human life, and the entire universe.” Bo smiles at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Bo with intrigue.
“Omniscience is to know about everyone and everything and everywhere.” Dallas smiles at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas with intrigue.
Bo nods to Dallas. “Dallas practices inherent omniscience which is the ability to know anything that one chooses to know.” Tina turns and stares at Bo with intrigue.
Dallas winks at Bo. “Some argue that omniscience is inherent rather than total to preserve each Free Will. Or, in other words, omniscience is a worthy being, who is capable to choose freely his own beeping life, without interference of nosy others.” Bo shakes a skull with a chuckle. Tina turns and stares at Dallas with intrigue.
Morgan continues to stare and flip through the pages inside the book, reading out loud for all eardrums. “Where are all those statement at inside this old book? I can’t find. I’m lost.”
“Never thee mind!” Dallas exhales at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
Morgan looks up with a sour frown to see Bo and Dallas. “O. You, two are arguing about something. We need to work on our paper,” she looks down and flips through the pages with a stern face.
“We are simply debating.” Bo chuckles. Tina turns and stares at Bo with intrigue.
She exhales. “Ho and hum! I see lots and lots of stuff that talk about the topic of angels for our paper.” Morgan points at each colorful picture with a smile. “We can add angel clothing to the paper which is their military uniform. This rocks! I didn’t know an angel had a uniform. I’m going to get the letter A on this academic assignment,” she leans down and nosily sucks on the latte.
“An angel uniform is used in a celestial battle.” Dallas smiles at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
“The angel uniform is called a tunic and it flows down to the kneecaps. The breastplate is called a pe…pe...” Morgan reads out loud inside the book with a confused brow.
“Peturges, it is the name of the breastplate.” Bo smiles at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
Morgan reads out loud inside the book with a smile. “A longer tunic goes down to the ankle bones with a long gold and jeweled pall…pall…”
“Pallium, it is the name of a longer tunic.” Dallas winks at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
Morgan continues to review the book with a smile and points down at the colored photograph inside the book. “O! The word is pallium. This rocks! Do you see this pic of this long and shiny thing? What is this thing?”
“That is a sword which is used by a heavenly angel.” Bo smiles at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
“That is a raptor which is used by a naughty demon.” Dallas winks at Bo. Tina turns and stars at Dallas.
“This rocks!” Morgan points down with a smile inside the book. “Here is another description of angels! Each angel is depicted in a long and soft white robe with a vestment of cope. Or is that word cape?”
“The word cope within the Latin language means ‘cape.’ A long cloak which is open in the front of vestment that is fastened at the breastplate with a clasp.” Bo winks at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
“The long cape is colored and is worn by rank of an angel, where the color in black is the highest rank. And the color of white cope is the lowest tint within certain circumstances.” Dallas smiles at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
“Where are you reading out loud of that stuff? I don’t see that info or data or pictures here inside this book. Wait for me to find that page!” Morgan continues to flip through the pages inside the book while searching for the information.
“What ‘certain circumstances,’ Dallas?” Bo frowns at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
“In all certain bloody battle circumstances, an angel wears a white tinted cope, Bo.” Dallas grins at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
Morgan reads out loud inside the book. “This rocks! Here is more stuff about angels. An angel is described by a set of church leaders…”
“No!” Bo and Dallas voice in unison and turns to see the hair roots of Morgan.
“Okay!” Morgan continues to review the inside of the book. Bo and Dallas turn and stare at each other. Tina turns and stares at Bo and then Dallas with intrigue. Morgan read out loud for all eardrums. “Listen to this good tidbit! Some believe that an angel is a former human. Adam was the first angel and is really known as Archangel Michael. Gabriel is really the man who was named Noah that sailed on the ark. Viva, la flood!” She looks up with a grin and a wink at the nose profile of Dallas.
“No.” Dallas frowns at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
“Yes! This rocks!” Morgan smiles the nose profile of Dallas.
Dallas turns and exhales to Morgan. “I mean, Morgan, we should not write about a controversial subject matter, only a set of common celestial facts coming from each authentic published resource.”
Morgan reaches over and selects a new book, placing it on top of the two previous books, opening the book and stares down at the first page. “This new book is published by Norwood…”
“I agree with Dallas.” Bo turns and smiles at Morgan. “We should only write our paper based on a set of common celestial facts like the different types of angels. An angel will fight in a battle and wear a set of battle gear.” Tina turns and stares at Bo with intrigue.
“An angel wears a set of battle gear. Where is that information located here inside this book?” Morgan flips through the pages while hunting for the information with a puzzled brow, stopping and looking at the colored pictures of an angel battle.
Dallas smiles at the nose profile of Bo. “An angel in battle is called a warrior angel.” Bo turns and winks at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Dallas with intrigue.
“I am not a warrior girl.” Morgan looks up with a smile to see the nose profile of Dallas. “Do you get my joke, Dallas, honey? I live in the town of Morrisville, not the rural city of Warriorville,” she looks down with a smile and flips through each page, studying each picture of an angel.
Dallas nods to Bo. “We have our topic of angels. Now, let’s divot up all the workload for the paper!”
Bo nods at Dallas. “And we should concentrate only on all the true characteristics of an angel. An angel has been, will be, and shall be forever a set of awesome warriors for Almighty God and a serving special agent of His wrath and power.” Tina turns and stares at Bo.
Morgan continues to flip the pages with a smile and reads out loud inside the book. “This rocks! Listen to this text! An angel has no free will and only carries out each order to the letter which is set by Almighty God. For example, an angel has a great abundant of wealth and can cure all illnesses on a human,” she looks up with a smile to see Dallas. “I didn’t know that. Did you know that, Dallas, honey? I can use all of this in my paper. This rocks!”
Bo shakes a skull at Dallas. “That is a teaching of Theosophy for a deva.”
Dallas frowns. “There will be no fake gods inside our paper, Morgan.”
Morgan frowns. “What and where is a fake god?”
“A deva is a fake god and is only heard within an urban myth. The same goes for studying a little gnome and a fairy.” Bo nods.
“There will no make-believe characteristics inside our paper.” Dallas frowns.
Bo turns and smiles at Dallas. “How about the concept of reincarnation and regeneration?”
“Naw! That is too risk-a-tion for all involved here at this table!” Dallas chuckles at the silly angel joke. Tina turns and stares at Dallas with interest. Dallas looks down with a stern face and flips through the pages inside the book while marking a set of sticky notes for the physical references which he needs to complete the finished paper on angels. “We will stick to the most common angel characteristics within a human mind, such like, the appearance, the role, and the duties.”
Morgan frowns at the hair roots of Dallas. “How about a belief of an angel within the human mind or the human soul or the human spirit?”
“Do you believe in an angel, Dallas?” Bo turns and winks at the hair roots on Dallas.
“Naw.” Dallas chuckles down at the book with the stupid question from Bo.
“How about listing all of the angel powers? The book says that an angel can touch, push, and lift an object including a human. Is that all true, Dallas honey?” Morgan looks up with a smile to see hair roots of Dallas.
“Yeah.” Dallas looks up with a wink to see Tina. Tina stares at Dallas.
“Yes.” Bo turns and smiles at the cheekbone of Tina. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
“An angel can convey a warning to a human by a vision or a dream.” Morgan looks up with a smile to see the hair roots of Dallas. “This rocks! Is that right, Dallas honey?”
“Yeah.” Dallas looks down with a smile and flips through the book. Tina turns and stares at the hair roots of Dallas.
“Yes.” Bo smiles. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
Morgan reads out loud inside the book. “An angel appears in the form of an extraordinarily beautifully radiant being that is surrounded by a white bright light with a pair of great big white wings.” She looks up with a puzzled brow to see the hair roots of Dallas. “Where is the famous skull halo? I thought an angel worn a glowering white tinted and floating halo.”
Bo turns and smiles at hair roots of Dallas with a chuckle. “A halo is piece of optional gear for an angel.” Tina turns and stares at Bo.
Dallas looks up with a chuckle to see Bo. “Is a halo or a pair of wings, the optional piece of angel gear, Bo?” Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
“What or where is all the optional angel gear located at?” Morgan frowns with puzzlement.
Bo winks at Dallas. “A halo is an optional piece of angel gear. A pair of wings is mandatory piece of angel gear, Dallas.” Tina turns and stares at Bo.
“And each pair of wings is colored in bold and pretty tints too.” Dallas smirks at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
“What is that piece of optional angel gear? Where is the pair of colored angel wings?” Morgan looks down with a smile and flips through several pages inside the book. “Where is that information located in this book?” She leans over with a smile and scans the interior book that belongs to Dallas. “Or is the information located inside your book?” She looks up with a confused brow to see nose profile of Dallas. “All right, Dallas! Mark that place inside your book with a footnote reference of our paper,” she looks down with a smile and reads out loud the next section inside the book for all eardrums. “The book says here that an angel puts out a nice pleasant fragrance,” she looks up with a smile to see the hair roots of Dallas. “Does an angel really smell?”
“An angel smells very nice,” Bo turns and winks at Tina. Tina turns and stares at Bo. 
“A fallen angel smells yummy good too.” Dallas smirks at Bo. Tina turns and stares Dallas.
Morgan continues to stare and reads out loud inside the book. “A human is protected by a guardian angel. Fifty-five percent of all Americans believe in the being that is called an angel.”
Dallas turns and smiles down at the hair roots of Morgan. “That is a good reference, Morgan! Mark that page inside your book.”
Morgan reaches out and slaps a hot pink sticky note between the two pages, looking up with a smile to see Dallas. “How many pages for a ten-page paper, Dallas, honey?”
“Ten.” Dallas laughs out loud.
Morgan sneers at Dallas. “Wow! Thanks for the update, Master Meanie Know It All! I wanna know. How many words are totaled within a ten-page research paper for our school assignment?”
“One page will contain three hundred words.” Dallas smirks.
Morgan whines. “I have to write three hundred individual words on a one piece of page for my part of that paper for…”
“Angeldom.” Bo turns and smiles at Morgan. Tina turns and stares at the nose profile of Bo.
“What?” Morgan turns and frowns at Bo.
Bo smirks. “The study of an angel’s appearance, role, and duty comes from angeldom.”
Dallas nods. “Each page will contain three hundred words. You must write two pages, Morgan. On a standard length page, two typed pages will contain six hundred words. Thus, the entire English literature paper will contain 2,400 words which will be collected and gathered by all of us here.”
“What?” Morgan turns and frowns at Dallas.
Bo smiles at Morgan. “However, inside a ten page typed paper, the introduction single page and the conclusion single page is subtracted out from the 2,400 words.”
Dallas turns and frowns at Bo. “What are you talking about, Bo. What introduction single page?”
“It’s the part for Dallas, where he writes and types to Miss R why we selected to write with great gusto and glee about a set of angels. That is to pass that class and to graduate that high school and to receive that red, white, and blue colored flat piece of pressed wood.” Bo chuckles at Bo. Tina turns and smiles at Dallas.
Dallas tosses both arms into the air with a sour frown, slapping back down the hands over the book. “Fine! I’ll write the introduction page of our paper on the topics of angels.”
“Dallas will write the conclusion page too.” Bo grins. Dallas shakes the blonde bangs.
Morgan frowns at Bo. “How many individual words are in an introduction page of a research page?”
“The introduction page is about seventy words.” Dallas looks down and flips through the pages inside the book with a stern face hunting for reference footnotes.
Bo winks at Morgan. “Dallas is smart. He can write two pages of the ten page paper which will be the introduction and the conclusion pages. Then you can subtract out all of those from your two pages of six hundred words, Morgan.”
Morgan tosses both arms into the air with a smile. “I can. You can. That’s easy! This rocks!”
Dallas looks up with a sneer to see Bo. “Wrong-o, bro! I cannot write three hundred words to introduce an angel topic.”
Bo grins. “Don’t sweat anthills! There will be four types of angels, Dallas. That is three hundred words divided by four which is…”
“That is not an even number, Bo.” Dallas continues to read the book.
“You can make the introduction page about 280 words which his easily divided by the number four for the even number of seventy.” Bo smirks.
Morgan frowns at Bo and then Dallas. “What are in the world are you, two talking about?”
Bo turns and smiles at Morgan. “We will start with eight pages of 2,400 words and then subtract out six hundred words…”
“Wait, Bo!” Dallas looks up with a frown to see Bo.
Bo grins at Morgan. “So, 2,400 words minus 600 words is…”
“Is?” Morgan frowns. “What is the answer?”
Bo smirks at Morgan. “So, the total of 1,800 words is to be written by the four of us here at this meeting table inside this bookstore.”
Morgan frowns. “I have to write six hundred words. How did it go up?” She turns and whines at Dallas. “I don’t understand, Dallas.”
Bo grins. “The new total of 1,800 words is divided by the number four which equals perfectly 450 words which is Steven Even.”
“Even-steven,” Dallas laughs.
She tosses both arms in the air with a grin and then slaps the naked wood on the conference table. “This rocks! I understand that math equation. Dallas told me at first that I only had to write six hundred words for two pages. Now, I only have to write 450 words on two pages. Then, I’m done with this English literature project forever.” Morgan smiles with a nod at Bo.
Bo nods with a grin. “You will be finished with your part of the English literature paper and then covered in whipped crème and a single red cherry with a few brightly yellowish sparkles on the top of the pressed wood.”
“What is my topic for our paper? I can finish my paper right now in here.” Morgan looks down with a grin at the designer watch. “I can make my 4:15 pm nail appointment,” giggling.
The single chair rattles side to side as Dallas quickly stands with a frown. “We are all discussing that very topic later. Go back to reading the textbook for more reference materials for the eight pages of paper, Morgan. I gotta go and pee.”
Morgan looks up with a sour frown and jabs a finger at the face of Dallas. “You are a rude, crass, and obnoxious thing, Dallas.”
“I aim to please, doll.” Dallas smirks at Morgan and back steps, turning with a stern face, advancing towards the hallway.
“I do believe it is potty time for anyone else.” Bo smiles at Morgan.
The single chair gracefully glides sideways and away from the table as Morgan slowly stands with a smile, reaching down, grabbing the designer purse. “I need a cigarette.” She back steps and spin around, moving ahead down the hallway towards the exit door of the bookstore.
“Good! That leaves me and you here inside the room, Tina.” Bo turns and smiles at the cheekbone Tina and then looks down at an empty hallway, where Dallas has entered into the abused and smelly bathrooms.
“Okay.” Tina looks down with a puff of frustration at the open book.
Bo returns back to see the hair roots of Tina with a grin. “I’m sorry about Dallas. He is a real nice and pleasant guy, usually. However, this is the first time for me to meet Morgan. She’s a little…bi…”
“…bitter,” Tina softly puffs down at the book.
Bo laughs. “Bitter! She is at that,” he looks up and turns with a wicked grin to see an empty hallway, returning back to see the hair roots of Tina. “What are you besides pretty like an angel?” He reaches over and touches a few of her soft knuckles.
“She is studious.” Dallas appears and stands behind the rear skull of Bo, looking down with a sneer at the cupped hand of Bo on top of her knuckles. Tina unsuccessfully jerks the hand away from the grip of Bo and looks up with a gasp to see Bo. Bo continues to hold her hand on top of the table surface with a smile. Dallas continues to eye burn the stacked hands on Bo and Tina.
Bo smiles at Tina. “Dallas, did you finish your single biologically function so soon?”
“Apparently, I didn’t finish not soon enough for you, Bo!”Dallas continues to stare down at the stacked hands of Bo and Tina. “Where is that bi..?”
“Here!” Morgan tosses an arm with a smile and advances towards the table with Dallas, Tina, and Bo.
Bo slowly lifts up the fingers from the hand of Tina with a smile and a whisper into her cheekbone. “We’ll talk later together.”
“Okay.” Tina softly whispers with a grin.
Dallas claps down both hands on the back chair of Bo with a smile. “Now, back to our English literature project!” He back steps from Bo’s chair and turns to face the wall of books, moving ahead towards his chair. “We need to pick out four subtopics of angels for the ten-page paper which is due in three weeks for a passing grade to graduate the local high school,” he slides down into the seat and scoots the chair into the table, looking down at the paper with a smile.
“Stop repeating that! We all know why you’re here, Dallas.” Morgan sits down into the chair with a frown. “Let’s not tarry here! I got appointments, appetizers, and an A to finish,” she looks down with a giggle at the page of the open book and silently reads the information. “Listen to this! The book says here that eighty percent of teens believe in an angel with a ghost, a vampire, Big Foot…”
“There will be no occult inside out paper.” Dallas continues to scan each page for references inside the book.
“Okay.” Morgan exhales with frustration and stares down inside the book.
“We could write about a shoulder angel.” Bo looks up with a smile to see the hair roots of each person.
“No.” Dallas continues to study the book.
“What’s that?” Morgan looks up with a confused brow to see Dallas.
“A shoulder angel is a Hollywood fake picture showy icon that displays on the shoulder of a person that represents your nice-nicey good conscience or your very baddy bad side conscience.” Dallas looks up with a stern face to see Morgan.
“Dallas doesn’t have a conscience.” Bo continues to stare with a smile inside the book.
Dallas winks at her. “Neither does Morgan, do you, honey?” Then he turns and looks down with a smile to see the next page inside the book.
“Is that a touch of temptation that’s stirring your pot of meatless stew, darling?” Morgan smiles.
“It is an inner conflict of character.” Bo turns the page with a chuckle.
“I’m not conflicted.” Dallas looks up with a stern face to see Bo.
“You are confused.” Bo smirks down at the page inside the book.
“I was conned.” Dallas frowns.
“You’re not nice, Dallas.” Morgan smiles.
Dallas looks up with a smirk to see Morgan. “I warned you, doll.”
Morgan looks down with a frown at the page inside the book. “I found one subtopic, a flock of watcher angels.”
“No.” Dallas frowns.
Morgan continues to smile at each page inside the book. “This rocks! This book says here that a watcher angel watches over a human and is mentioned in the books of…” 
“Enoch and Book of Jubilees and the old testament of Pseudepigrapha.” Bo continues to stare with a smile and turns the page.
“What is an e-knock? Is that a new app for my cell?” Morgan looks up with a puzzled brow to see Dallas.
Dallas continues to stare down with a frown at each page inside the book. “Forget it, Morgan.”
“Listen to this! This book says here a watcher angel looks like a human but never sleeps and remains forever silent from mankind. Are you a watcher angel, Tina? You are a very quiet human and you look extremely exhausted all the time with a pair of big black…”
“Shut up, Morgan!” Dallas frowns down and turns the page inside the book.
“Ya ain’t my mama, Dallas!” Morgan looks up with a sneer to see the hair roots of Dallas.
Dallas looks up with a smile to see Morgan. “You ain’t got a mama. A human mama, that is,” laughing.
Morgan gasps. “You ain’t got a brain cell, ya stupid turd.”
“Enough, angels!” Bo looks up with a grin to see Dallas and Morgan. “We are searching for four different sub-topics to write our paper right now. Remember?” All eyeballs return back down and study the page inside each book in silence.
“One of the subtopics can be a flock of fallen angels.” Morgan looks up with a smile to see Bo.
Bo looks up with a grin and a nod to see Morgan. “That is an excellent subtopic of all the angels, Morgan.” Dallas looks up with a frown to see Bo. Morgan smiles. Tina cringes down at the page inside the book in silence.
Dallas exhales with a puff and writes down the word on the paper with the pencil. “I volunteer to write down each subtopic of an angel for our paper. The first subtopic is a fallen angel.”
Morgan looks down with a smile and reads out loud for all eardrums. “This book says here a fallen angel has a set of unlimited secret magical powers,” she looks up with a smile to see the hair roots of Dallas. “Is that right, Dallas honey?” Tina looks up and turns with a stern face to see Dallas.
Bo looks up with a smile to see Dallas. “The secret magical power is called angel powers with a set of unlimited, not secret, but great supernatural abilities.” Tina turns and stares at Bo.
Morgan narrows the eyelashes at Bo. “Is that true, Dallas,  honey?”
Dallas turns and stares at Morgan. “I wrote down the first sub-topic of angels which is a fallen angel.”
“What is the next subtopic, ya’ll?” Bo looks down with a grin at the page inside the book.
“We can write on the angel of death.” Morgan looks up with a smile to see Dallas.
Dallas smiles at Morgan. “That is a good one, Morgan.”
Bo looks up with a smirk to see Dallas. “The Slaughterer.” Tina turns and stares at Bo.
Dallas turns and chuckles to Bo. “The Great Second One.” Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
Morgan continues to study and reads out loud the page inside the book. “This book says that Azrael is given all the powers of heaven, enabling him. Yeah, he is another male. Figures!” She giggles with a nod. “Azrael is enabled as the Master of Death. Is that all true, Dallas?”
“Excellent Second One!” Bo smiles at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
Morgan looks down with a smile at the page inside the book. “This book has more good stuff about angels. The Master of Death appears with individual 70,000 hanging down feet and 4,000 individual wings. His whole body is covered with a pair of red bloody eyeballs and an orange fiery tongue.”
Dallas turns and shakes the bangs with a frown at Morgan. “That is not right, Morgan.” Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
“How do you know that not to be true, Dallas?” Morgan looks up with a frown to see Dallas.
Bo smiles at the nose profile of Dallas. “The angel of death has a set of twelve wings and dresses as a beggar, who is equipped with a hidden set of straight golden sword with a set of three eyes.” Tina turns and stares at Bo.
“That is not right, Bo!” Dallas frowns at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
Bo smiles at Dallas. “The Death of Souls is known as the angel of death also, where she possesses a roll book which is highlighted with a bright white band around the name of the Soul, who is doomed next to die here on the planet. But then again, new technology has replaced the old stone roll book with one of these babies, a cell phone,” he reaches down inside the pocket of the blue jeans and pulls out the mobile telephone near a smile while admiring the black shiny metal finish on the phone. He drops the phone from the smile and slips it back down into the blue jeans, staring at each person with a grin. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
“That is not right, Bo.” Dallas smiles at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
Morgan continues to stare down with a smile down and turns the page inside the book. “Listen to this! When a good person dies, the angel of death comes with a lot of good angels, carrying a batch of sweet fragrances and sweeps the good Soul from the planet like a morning dew droplets towards heaven. When a baddie person dies, a company of demons yanks the Soul out with a set of spit irons. Wow!” She looks up with a smirk to see Dallas. “What is a set of spit irons, Dallas?”
“You don’t want to know, ever, Morgan.” Bo laughs at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
“Right, Bo!” Dallas winks at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
Morgan looks down with a smile and turns the page inside the book. “This rocks! The three methods of execution connected with the angel of death include burning by pouring a pot of hot lead over the human head or slaughtering by a beheading a human or throttling…?”
Dallas winks at Bo. “That is a strangulation.” Tina stares at Dallas.
“Hmm! I have never seen that.” Bo smiles at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
Dallas smirks at Bo. “I have. Scary stuff that!” Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
“Is it intimidating?” Bo frowns at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
“It is really over kill on the naughty human.” Dallas laughs with Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas and then Bo with intrigue.
Morgan continues to review the book and reads out loud for all eardrums. “There are six angels of death. Azrael rules over each king. Kapziel oversees each youth.” She looks up with a smile to see the nose profile of Dallas. “Whoa! Is that me, Dallas honey? Is there a particular death angel exclusively for the group of teenagers, for us, for me?”
“Deather,” Bo turns and smiles at Morgan. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
“What did you call me?” Morgan turns and frowns at Bo.
“A death angel is also called, a deather, for fun and giggles,” Bo turns and smiles at Dallas. Tina continues to stare at Dallas. 
“Yes, there is a special angel of death for just for you, Morgan.” Dallas turns and smiles at Morgan.
“Wow! I’m honored that I have a personal death angel for me.” Morgan smirks.
“Yeah! So you betta be good. And you betta be nice. Since you don’t wanna see old evil Kapziel over a night flight…” Dallas sings with a chuckle. Bo laughs. Tina giggles.
Morgan frowns at Dallas. “What?”
“That was a bad job of singing, man!” Bo smiles.
Dallas laughs at Bo. “I failed my cherub music class.” Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
“You were kicked out of cherub music class, Dallas. I should know, since I was there.” Bo chuckles at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
“Then, angel of death Mashbir rules over each animal. Deather Mashbit oversees each child. The death angel Af rules over each man and woman. And finally another angel of death Hemah rules over each beast. This is good stuff here in this book.” Morgan taps on the open book and reaches over, grabbing a hot pink sticky note to mark the angel reference.
“Naw, I wasn’t.” Dallas frowns at Bo. Tina turns and stares at Dallas.
“Yeah, I was present.” Bo smiles at Dallas. Tina turns and stares at Bo.
Morgan leans down and taps a fingernail on each word on the page inside the book, counting out loud for all eardrums. “One. Two. Ten. Twenty. Thirty-two…”
Dallas turns and frowns down at the hair roots of Morgan. “What are you doing counting these numbers out loud, Morgan?”
“I’m counting out all my words.” Morgan counts with a smile out loud for all eardrums. “Forty. Fifty-three…”
“Why are you counting out your words on that page inside that book?” Dallas frowns.
“I’m going to write my part of our paper about the dead angels. A dead angel gets a human that dies and then takes the human down to hell for being mean. I’m counting out all the words to see how close I’m to the number of 450. I only write 450 words for my paper and Dallas does the rest. Isn’t that right, Dallas honey?” Bo turns and nods with a smile in silence at Morgan. She giggles with a wink at Bo. “There are tons of sentences here to makeup 450 words. How many words are required in a sentence, Bo?”
Dallas turns and frowns at Morgan. “Morgan, you have to write each sentence in your own words. Or that is called plagiarism.”
“Is that bad?” Morgan turns and winks at Dallas.
“You and each one of us will receive the letter of F plus-plus on our paper.” Dallas nods with a frown.
Bo smiles at Dallas. “Dallas will proof all your work and then re-write all of your work, if necessary, Morgan. Dallas is a genius.”
“Would you do that from me, Dallas. honey? You are a girl’s hot sexy daydream.” Morgan giggles with a grin at Dallas.
“Of course, he will get that letter of A on our paper to pass our class and graduate our high school. Isn’t that correct, man?” Bo chuckles. Tina smiles. Dallas curses.
The single chair smoothly glides to the left as Morgan swiftly stands with a smile on top of the floor. “I have my sub-topic of dead angels for my section of the paper. So, I’m leaving from here and ya’ll.”
“No! You cannot leave, Morgan. We need a set of four sub-topics for a ten-page paper.” Dallas sneers at Morgan.
“Bo says that we only need to write eight pages, Dallas honey.” Morgan smiles at Bo.
“We have a set of four sub-topics for a ten-page paper which is due in three weeks. Miss R specified a set of four sub-topics. We selected the topic of angels. So far, we have selected a fallen angel which I will write. Bo selected a faithful angel, which he will write. Dead angel, you selected that, Morgan.” Dallas grits with teeth that is filled with a set of food particles from the sweet breads.
“Yuck-o! Wipe your lips! Go and brush your dirty teeth, Dallas!” Morgan thumbs back over the collar bone down at the hallway towards the bathrooms.
Dallas cleans the teeth with a tip of the tongue, opening the mouth with a smile. “Done!” Morgan hisses. Bo snorts. Tina giggles.
Bo chuckles with a nod. “I took the subtopic of a faithful angel, since I’m so good,” he leans over with a smile into the cheekbone of Tina. “Tina and I can split the writing assignment of 450 words. That is only 225 words a piece.”
“No, Bo!” Dallas turns and sneers at Bo.
Morgan tosses the arms into the air and then points at Tina with a frown. “Not fair! She only writes 225 words on our paper. I wanna write only 225 words, not 450 on our paper too.”
“No, Morgan!” Dallas turns and sneers at Morgan.
“What do you say, Tina?” Bo reaches over and touched the knuckles on her hand with a smile. Tina giggles from his smile and his warm touch.
“There are four team members and four subtopics. Are your two eardrums plugged or waxed over, Bo?” Dallas turns and sneers at Bo.
“Or you will receive the letter of F plus-plus on our paper, Bo.”  Morgan laughs.
Dallas turns with a growl to see each face and points down at the rolling cart of reference manuals for all eardrums. “Everyone get up! Come here and get a set of books and continue to find the last sub-topic.” Bo swiftly stands upright from the chair and shuffles ahead towards the rolling cart, stopping, leaning down and lifts up a set of books into both arms with a smile. He back steps from the rolling cart and shuffles back to his chair, sitting down, sliding a new book towards Tina with a smile and a wink in silence. Tina accepts the book with a grin in silence.
Morgan lifts up one single book and places it on top of the three previous books, flipping open the first page. She flips through the pages and stops at the page with a smirk, reading in silence and then clears a throat. “This new book says here that there exists a tainted angel,” she looks up with a smirk to see Tina. “Have you ever heard of a tainted angel, Tina? Well, I guess not. It seems to me that you didn’t seem to be contributing any type of useful information for our important English literature project,” she turns and frowns at Dallas. “See? I was right and told you before. Tina is a minority reject at Gardenville Prep with all of her illiterate skills…”
“Morgan!” Dallas turns and growls at her.
Morgan turns and smiles at Bo. “Is a tainted angel the fourth type of angel for our paper? Or is it not, Bo?”
“I guess.” Dallas lifts up and rubs a hand against the nape of the neck with a sour frown. “I don’t know, Morgan. We should look for some more types of angels. There are plenty more book resources.”
Bo smiles at Morgan. “I find this type of category to be an excellent choice of an angel. We don’t know anything about a tainted angel. This is an opportune choice to learn more, Dallas.”
“You are full of opportunity today, ain’t you, Bo?” Dallas turns and growls at Bo.
“I am always willing and wishing to learn any and all different points of view, Dallas.” Bo grins.
Dallas looks down with a sour frown and flips through the pages. “I am not finding much more data or any reference material inside this book. So, we should axe the concept of a tainted angel as the leader of the team.”
“I disagree with Dallas.” Bo winks at Morgan.
Morgan tosses both arms into the air with a grin. “This rocks! We now have the four sub-topics for out paper consisting of fallen, faithful, dead, and tainted. I called the dead angels. Remember? And I almost have counted out 450 words for two pages of my section of our paper,” she swiftly stands with a smile.
“Do not!” Dallas looks up with a sneer to Morgan.
“Do so!” Morgan winks at Dallas.
“Let’s see what you have bookmarked inside each one of your books, Morgan!” Dallas leans over and pulls the top book off the stack of books with a puzzled brow.
Morgan leans down and jerks the book into her breasts with a sneer. “No! I don’t have time to play with you, corndogs. I have a social schedule,” she looks down with a worried brow at the wrist watch. “This sucks! We’ve been trapped here for two hours,” she looks up with a frown to see Dallas. “Wrap this up now!”
Bo smiles. “Morgan makes a very good valid point here, Dallas. We have our four subjects. We have been here for a long time. So, we need to move to the next phrase, writing the outline.”
“Outline! Why do we need an outline? I have counted out my 450 words of dead things. I have my part of our paper.” Morgan frowns.
“Do not!” Dallas sneers at Morgan.
“Do so!” Morgan growls at Dallas.
“You are not allowed to copy a sentence from the reference books and into your section of our paper, Morgan.” Dallas exhales.
Morgan moans with a sour frown. “Why not, Dallas, honey?”
Dallas frowns. “It is called plagiarism.”
“O!” Morgan groans.
Dallas frowns. “You are not allowed to make up fake or false descriptions for a deather within your section of our paper, either, Morgan.”
Morgan smiles with a nod. “That’s called an imagination, Dallas, honey.”
Dallas sneers. “Then, you can image the letter of F as your reward on our paper, Morgan.”
“O!” Morgan moans.
Bo leans over with a smile into the cheekbone of Tina. “What do you think of our four sub-topics, Tina?”
Morgan turns and sneers at Tina. “Don’t ask her a question? She is asleep or numb or stupid as the school reject. Bo has decided to use four excellent subtopics of angels, since our leader isn’t leading us anymore. We go with the flock of tainted angels for the fourth sub-topic.”
Dallas taps down on the open book and shakes the bangs at the page. “There is not enough information about a tainted angel. So, pick a new sub-topic, somebody!”
Morgan reaches down with a chuckle and pulls out the mobile telephone, smiling into the tiny screen and winks at Bo. “Ralphie, honey!”
She paused and listened to the voice of Ralph on the other end of the telephone.
“Dictionary.”
Pause.
“Yeah! It’s the great big fat one.”
Pause.
“Thanks, Ralphie, honey!” Morgan drops down the mobile telephone from a smile and places it on top of the table, staring at the cute couple of Bo and Tina, who are whispering a set of secret words into each other’s nose holes.
Dallas continues to flip each page and scans the contents on a set of numerous books, swiftly standing from the chair with a sour frown. “I am finding that there is not any information on a tainted angel after searching all of those reference books.” Bo and Tina split apart and look up to see Dallas.
“Don’t worry! I will have one of the book-nerds ran a search engine on the internet inside my dad’s office. Then, we can pick up more information for our English literature project.” Morgan smiles at Tina. Ralph appears and slowly strolls ahead, pushing a rolling cart with a gigantic book on top of the flat surface towards Morgan. He stops and leaves the second cart next to her nose profile, and then exits away from the meeting table. “Thanks, Ralphie, honey!” Morgan smirks at Tina. “So, what is the definition of tainted angel?”
“It is a dishonored being.” Tina softly whispers for her eardrums only.
Morgan leans down and flips through pages of the dictionary, stopping at the word. “The dictionary says there that tainted is a trace of something bad, offensive, harmful with infection, contamination, decay, spoil, foul, unclean…”
Dallas turns and sneers at the cheekbone of Morgan. “Thanks, Morgan! You definitely know your academic way around a dictionary.”
Morgan looks up with a wink to see Dallas. “The bookstore owes the book. Here is another sucky footnote reference for your section of our paper, Tina. Okay! Now, we are set for finishing our research assignment in English literature class. I write on the topic of a dead angel. Bo called out and will write on the topic of a faithful angel. Dallas burped out loud on the topic of a fallen angel. So, that leaves Tina as the only tainted angel that sits around the table right here inside the book store. Does it not, Tina darling? How apropos! Don’t you agree with me?” Morgan laughs. Bo growls. Dallas reaches up and rubs the nape of the neck with a hand and a huff of annoyance.
The chair slides backwards away from the table as Tina swiftly stands from the chair and stares at Morgan with a stern face. “I’m going to ask Miss R to assign me to another English literature team tomorrow. I don’t belong here.”
“Tina, don’t do this!” Dallas turns with a gasp to see the cheekbone of Tina.
“I do believe that it is too late for you, Tina darling. And I do believe that it is too late for the team, Tina the tainted angel. Do your part, Tina, the tainted angel? Or we all will get the letter grade of an F-plus-plus on our paper.” Morgan smirks. “Or is that your original plan to reject us all from school this year? I heard there and told here. You were kicked out last year from your school. Now, you are repeating the twelfth grade for the second time. Isn’t that right, Tina, the tainted angel?”
Tina exhales. “The truth sets us all free, Morgan.”
“What does that mean, girly?” Morgan gasps in alarm.
“You know exactly what I’m referencing about, Miss Mellon.” Tina side steps and swing around, dashing ahead with a sour frown.
“She is one crazy angel on our English literature team. She will fail all of us for shore. I’ll talk with the English teacher myself. I want Tina off our team, before I get the letter grade of an F-plus-plus on my paper.” Morgan crosses both arms with a sour frown.
“That’s not going to happen to us, Morgan or Tina.” Dallas shakes the blonde bangs with a sour frown.
“Yes, it will. She has planned this which is revenge of Dallas from last year. I know what happened to you, Tina. You cheated on your examination, since you’re the school illiterate reject at Gardenville Prep.” Morgan laughs with a nod.
“Morgan, stop it!” Dallas sneers.
Morgan exhales. “Dallas, the missing translation here means that you will fail the twelfth grade for the third time. And it will be her fault, all of Tina’s fault.”
“Morgan, enough!” Dallas growls.
“I don’t mind spending next year while repeating my senior year in high school.” Tina turns with a smile and winks at Dallas.
Dallas turns and gasps in horror at Tina. “I do mind. I mind a lot.”
“Come on, Tina! Please sit back down here. We aren’t finished here. I’ll help you with the paper.” Bo swiftly stands and extends both hands outward, without touching Tina.
“You’re a...a durf, Dallas.” Tina sneers at Dallas. Bo laughs. Morgan giggles. Dallas frowns at the funny noun.
“Serf! She called you, an ancient Greek slave, man.” Bo laughs.
“You’re a…a durf head, Dallas!” Tina frowns at Dallas.
“Did she say that you’re a nerf head, Dallas?” Bo chuckles.
“Yes, she did.” Morgan laughs.
Tina back steps with a sour frown from the table. “I’m leaving here. Thanks for the drink and food, Morgan!” She spins around with a huff from all the students and moves away from the teens, exiting the bookstore.
At the meeting table, Morgan stares at the back spine of Tina and waves with a wickedly smile. “Bye bye, Tina! Don’t copy the words out the book! That will be the letter grade of F plus-plus. But you know that, don’t you, honey?” She laughs.
“Morgan!” Dallas turns and sneers.
“I need a drag.” Morgan looks down and reaches inside, pulling out a cigarette from the designer purse, standing upright from the chair, back stepping and moves ahead towards the exit door of the bookstore, disappearing into bright sunlight.
Dallas hits a folded fist onto the hard table with a sneer. “We can’t pass our English literature class without Tina.” The table slightly rocks and then rolls side to side coming from the powerful punch of a fallen angel.
“Don’t worry your foot leather! Tina will come back. Give her some time to lower her fever temperature.” Bo smiles with a nod.
“No! She won’t be coming back. We cannot pass our academic course. You heard Miss R in class today. There will be one paper with four students with four topics and four presentations, not one, two, or three, but four.” Dallas shakes the bangs with a sour frown.
“Chill out, Dallas!” Bo chuckles.
Dallas frowns. “What is a durf?”
Bo points down with a chuckle at the dictionary on top of the table. “Look it up, bro!”
Dallas looks down and flips through the numerous pages inside the thick dictionary at the odd word, reading out loud. “A durf is a colloquial for the physical area between the genitals and anus.”
Bo moves ahead and stops, leaning over the collar bone of Dallas with a laugh, reading out loud for all eardrums. “Durf is the lower area between the nut sack and the asshole of a male that prevents a male from shitting on the nuts,” laughing. “Classy! The angel is smart. You gotta give her points for guts, gravel, and granite…”
“I need a smoke.” Dallas exhales with a huff of disappointment and back steps from the rolling cart, slamming into the body of Bo, turning to face the empty hallway with a worried brow.
“Dallas!” Bo continues to re-read the dictionary word with a laugh. “Dallas!” He back steps from the table with a laugh and turns to face the hallway, advancing towards the exit door with a smile. He stops and opens the door, entering outside the sunshine. A set of swirling stinky smoke pours out from the nostrils and the parted lips of Dallas, who smokes the single cigarette. Bo moves ahead and stands next to Dallas in cool shade of the rear section of the bookstore with a smile. “Dallas!”
“What, bro?” Dallas puffs on the cigarette.
“Everything is cool. I think. I think she likes me.” Bo smiles at the nose profile of Dallas.
“I don’t like you. As a matter of fact, I hate your guts, Bo.” Dallas exhales a set of long streams of white smoke from both nose holes with a sneer. “The English literature project is important to me.”
“Or you will not receive the money inheritance of Mr. Fleming. I understand that. But remember? You and I are working together to get the tainted angel and you both reinstated back into heaven. So, you can forget all about the money inheritance, man.”
“Tina is mad.” Dallas puffs on the cigarette.
“Tina seems only slightly miffed and mildly upset.” Bo turns and smiles at pretty blue tinted skyline and a flock of flying red birds.
“Tina is very upset. She called you, a butthole. Well, it was worse than a butthole.” Dallas laughs.
“Tina called you that creative noun, Dallas.” Bo laughs.
Dallas growls. “She meant it for both of us.”
“Look, Dallas! It was that girl…
“Morgan caused all the damage…”
“…that I can fix better than before.” Bo smiles.
Dallas shakes the blonde bangs at the flock of flying red birds with a sour frown. “I will fix it. Go back home where you belong, Bo!”
“No, man! I’m still on my vacare. I wanna stay and play here for a little while longer.” Bo reaches out and slaps the collar bone of Dallas with a grin and a nod.
Dallas turns and exhales with a sour frown. “Look, Bo! You need to use American slang while you hang around on your vacare. You’re too formal, Yankee, or too British, duckie, or too rigid, bro.”
Bo smiles. “Look! I will go and talk to her or meet her or go to her house. How’s that?”
“I don’t know where Tina lives.”
“O!” Bo moans.
“The only reason you’re a funny loving male today is that you didn’t have to struggle for food and shelter like an…a wild animal, Bo.” Dallas frowns.
“You didn’t struggle for food and shelter either, Dallas.” Bo smiles.
“I don’t struggle for food and shelter anymore, bro!”
“We need to get her address.”
Dallas drops down and mashes the burning cigarette into the concrete of the building with a heel. “We need…”
“You need to quit that nasty habit, man. My sinuses are dizzy.” Bo blows a strong force of contaminated air out from a pair of stinky nostrils coming from the drifting cigarette smoke.
Dallas turns and exhales at Bo. “Okay! You need to get her address and then correct this problem.”
“Watch me operate! I’ll go and swoon her feet, her body, and her mind back here at our next meeting. When is the next meeting, Dallas?” Bo chuckles.
“You can’t swoon a stray dog, Bo.” Dallas laughs.
“A stray dog is not very friendly.”
“I don’t have her address, but her name is Tina Turner.”
“Is Tina related to the famous singer?” Bo laughs.
Dallas chuckles. “No. The heavenly joke is on you, Bo.”
Bo frowns and then smiles. “Her address would be located inside her student file at the school. So I can…”
“Do not use your angel powers, Bo! You need to reserve your angel survival pack while here in Birmingham. Mine are very limited due to the fall. So, if your powers are all used up, then call Central for some help?” Dallas nods.
“I can’t. I’m on vacation, not an assignment.” Bo shakes a skull.
“Then, I would suggest getting human girl Tina as your new angel assignment.”
Bo frowns. “She is a tainted angel. I might get her into heavenly trouble.”
“How about getting your butthole into trouble, slick?” Dallas smirks.
“The other angels won’t touch her or come near her. A faithful angel can see her aura coming from far, far away inside the atmosphere. She smells good, but her aura is bad. Her coloring is pretty.”
“She is a human with a touch of angel DNA.” Dallas laughs.
Bo frowns. “We need to go and get the school files. Remember?”
“Which is called breaking and entering, bro!” Dallas grins.
“You want to pass this very important English literature class, isn’t that right, man?” Bo grins.
Dallas exhales. “Right.” He turns and stares at the sun. “We leave out a little after five pm from my house. The school staff and teachers are gone for the day. The school doors are locked for security.”
“How do we get inside a locked building, Dallas?”
“We break in and enter the unlocked building. I thought you wanted to act like a teen human, while on vacation, Bo.” Dallas turns with a laugh and scoots around Bo, opening the door for his angel brother.
Bo spins around and enters the building, walking with Dallas down the empty hallway. “How do we get to the locked building?”
Dallas laughs “We fly on a motorcycle.”
He gasps in alarm. “The set of motorcycles, the ones are hidden inside the dark part of the six-door garage at your house.”
“It is the only way to fly without a pair of angel wings.” Dallas stops at the meeting table and reaches out, gathering up his gear for the next adventure with Bo.

At 04:45 pm, in the Gardenville Manor location in front of the six-displayed closed car garage doors with cooler temperatures with parted clouds of sunshine, the sixth garage door slowly opens. Dallas and Bo each push out a dead motorcycle from the garage and stop on top of the private gray tinted driveway while gearing up a body and a mind for the ride back to the high school property. Dallas points down at each part of the small transport with a smile. “Traction control. ABS brakes. Heated grips. On-board computer. Road navigation system. All of it is too cool to rule the road!”
“The bike possesses a 175 horsepower with a rated output of 103 pounds per feet max.” Bo smiles down at the motorcycle.
Dallas reaches over and hands the object to Bo with a smile. “I get the magna red. You get the sapphire blue metallic.”
Bo accepts the motorcycle keys with a chuckle. “Are you giving me the keys to your twenty thousand dollar superman racing machine?”
Dallas mounts the motorcycle and slides the keys into the ignition. “It flies like an angel without a pair of wings at 7,000 RPM’s.”
“We shall see.” Bo straddles the smooth black leather seat. Dallas hands a blue tinted motorcycle helmet to Bo. Bo waves off with a grin. “Naw.”
“Yeah, it is an Alabama helmet law.” Dallas shakes the motorcycle helmet, because he doesn’t need Bo in trouble with the local law enforcement officers, who patrol the city streets and county roadways.
A heavenly angel does not possess any type of physical motorcycle license, a birth certificate, or a Social Security card for personal identification while temporarily visiting within any country including the USA. Bo accidentally could be marked as an illegal alien with a set of crazy careless and reckless limited angel actions and then prompts a local police investigation into the normal boring human life of Dallas, since Dallas happily lives within the city of Birmingham without all that additional sappy human drama.
Bo sucks down the helmet over a head of black hair, flipping the dark visor down over both eyeballs for wind protection and then guns the handle bar while listening to the four-cylinder engine roar.
Dallas leads out first speeding in excess of the posted forty-five mile per hour sign, steering down the roadway of Vulcan Parkway, turns to the left onto 18th Street while traveling for two miles. Dallas slides the bike to the right onto Highland Avenue and then turns sharply to the left onto 21st Street, rounding to the left onto 11th Court and then guns the motorcycle over a flat road straight ahead with the high speed of sixty miles per hour, until he slides the motorcycle to the right onto Ireland Way. Then he slides the motorcycle to the left onto 22nd Street, and finally Dallas turns the cycle onto Magnolia Court pouring the thundering rumble of the machine into the empty high school parking lot. Both the motorcycles stop and park behind a set of green tinted trash dumpsters.

At 05:02 pm at the Gardenville Preparatory High School, in front of the row of dark blue tinted trash dumpsters, fake high school senior student and faithful angel on vacation, Bo removes the helmet and turns with a sour frown to see the smile on Dallas. “We could’ve taken the main highway all the way here to save time,” he places the helmet between the handle bars with a smile.
“And what fun is that?” Dallas places the helmet between the handle bars with a laugh and slides off the motorcycle, standing upright on top of the gravel with a smile.
Bo slides off the motorcycle and stands upright, surveying the set of smelly trash dumpsters with a sneer. “You picked an elegant spot, Dallas.”
Dallas moves ahead towards the side door of the office with a sour frown. “Shut up, bro! This is all your fault. If you hadn’t made Tina mad...”
Bo pulls up beside Dallas with a smile and moves towards the same side door. “I didn’t make Tina mad. Morgan got her upset. What’s up with that ugly human girl? Do you know that ugly human girl, Dallas?”
Dallas moves ahead and stares at the side door of the building. “She likes you.”
“Morgan?” Bo moves with Dallas and frowns at the same side door.
“No! Tina likes you, Bo.” Dallas turns to face Bo and wiggles the eyebrows for fun.
Bo turns with a smile and a nod to see Dallas. “Tina! Yeah, Tina! She likes me, man,” he reaches up and fist bumps a hand with Dallas as they stop with a chuckle.
Bo reaches out with an index finger towards the door knob with a smile. The door leads into the lunch room on the high school campus grounds. “I’ll do the honors.”
Dallas reaches out and grabs the wrist bone of Bo with a gasp. “Naw! I told you before that you need to save all your survival pack, Bo. You got limited juice while here on vacare.” He flips a hand into the air and sweeps the palm to the side. The metal latch sounds with a soft click. The heavy door slowly cracks open while the air molecules invade the fresh outside air.
Bo reaches up and holds the nostrils with a sour frown coming from the foul stale air inside the lunch room. “It smells like…”
“…before. The school janitor turns off the air conditioning unit during the evening to save on electricity.” Dallas reaches out and grabs the knob, opening the door for Bo.
Bo slowly enters inside the lunch room building while holding the nostrils from the foul odor.
Dallas had detailed all the various crappy and dangerous places, where he had lived and survived as a fallen angel before he had been adopted by millionaire Elmo Fleming as the pretend very tall mature fourteen year old human teen. Since a fallen angel looks like a cute seventeen year old teenage, because a human does not know their true original or intentions.
A fallen angel cannot materialize stuff, such like, a pair of blue jeans, a car, or a plate of food, so each one survives like a human and is required to hold down a human job to work for a paycheck of money and to purchase the goods. Or each fallen angel can default and use a set of limited angel talents for stealing the goods and cheating each human. Actually, most of the fallen angels are either successful in something living a happy and wealthy life. Or each one is a failure while living within a homeless shelter or along a city street corner with no future.
A fallen angel is different from a human and possesses a set of limited amount of angel talents, consisting of healing, strength, projection, telepathy, and telekinesis with a physical object. A fallen angel can intimidate or overwhelm any size human, but the human has been assigned a powerful heavenly guardian angel such like Bo, so that violent scene isn’t allowed to happen. Only if a human is very, very bad, then the guardian angel will not oversee an evil action or a nasty behavior which defaults down to a nasty demon that comes straight up from fiery hell.
Inside the high school building, Dallas scoots around and leads Bo down the familiar hallway passing the set of bathrooms, the wall of vending machines, the library of books and then stops beside a solid white painted door that read: Administrator Office. He lifts up and waves a hand while magically popping open the metal latch of the private door. The door slowly cracks open without a sound. Dallas kicks in the door and reaches over, flipping on the light switch, moving ahead towards the desk computer on top of the office desk in silence.
“I don’t see a set of filing cabinets of information.” Bo follows behind the back spine of Dallas with a worried brow while surveying the nicely decorated office of browns and tans.
“The school staff uses an invisible wall of computer files, not rows of paper. You need to live within the twenty first century, Bo.” Dallas stops with a chuckle and stands in front of the blank computer, lifting up, waving a hand at the screen. The screen magically boots up and scrolls down a set of electronic files inside the student directory and stops on the name with a red blinking light. “Tina lives near the local power company headquarters building on 7th
Avenue.”
“Can you show me a roadway map on this thing?” Bo smiles at the computer screen.
Dallas reaches up and rubs behind the nape of neck muscles with aching pain of trouble. “This really ain’t a nice neighborhood for you to plan a social call with Tina, Bo.”
Bo gasps in alarm. “What do you mean? This really isn’t a nice neighbor. Tina lives there.”
“She lives on 7th Avenue within the northern part of Birmingham. The best roadway is to travel south on the interstate about ten miles and then peel off onto Finley Street and then right onto 7th Avenue. Be very careful, bro!” He turns with a nod to see Bo.
“Roger, dodger!” Bo reaches out and slaps the bicep of Dallas, spinning around with a chuckle, dashing out the building to the motorcycle first.

At 05:22 pm with cooler temperatures with parted clouds of sunshine, in front of the residential home of high school senior student and tainted angel Tina, which is ten miles, south, from the high school within the city of Birmingham, the city street contains two parallel rows of the same two-story dark brown brick house with a front porch, a sloped black tinted asphalt set of roof tiles, and an individual iron steel rods on each exterior glass window in front of a set of matching beige-colored plastic blinds.
The physical street is littered in an assortment of abandoned automobiles missing one or two tires with broken car windows, abandoned one-wheeled bicycles, wandering dogs and cats, and one vividly tattooed ice cream truck that blasts a happy musical tone of earthly joy.
A set of big and little children encircles the ice cream truck purchasing an assortment of teeth-decaying sweets and then spins around with a set of shouts, running back into the house.
Bo parks the motorcycle inside the collapsed wooden gate on top of a broken private walkway of the old house which is located on Seventh Avenue city street. Then he slides off and stands upright from the seat with a worried brow at the old house, slowly moving ahead over the flat concrete sidewalk towards a weather beaten front door. He hopes that Tina will greet him with a sweet surprise, before he knocks on the weathered wooden front door. He notes the dark and quiet interior rooms and wonders quickly if she is out shopping. He halts and whacks the knuckles against the good pieces of rotten wood as the loud noise echoes onto the empty porch and throughout the opened windows of her house.
The Alabama weather in the month of October is pretty and pleasant with the set of air temperatures that hover around high sixty plus degrees. The Alabama nights lounge lazily in the low fifties.
The front door slowly opens without fanfare and reveals Tina without a smile.
His heart stops and then re-starts with love while feeling a set of human-like mixed emotions inside his heart, his mind, and his spinal cord, tinkling up, down, and around the biological shell. As a faithful angel, you concentrate on your current assignment, guiding the human down the righteous path of goodness and kindness. You don’t exhibit a single emotion about your personal feelings regarding your own nature, only your current heavenly assignment.
Tina wears a pair of ripped and faded blue jeans that are tucked down into a pair of unpolished black cherry tinted rattlesnake cowgirl boots, a white colored sweater that carries an pretty arrangement of a pink, baby blue, and maroon flower on the chest. She possesses a slender tallness of six feet and one inch which is the right size when compared to his six feet and six inches body frame. She possesses a pair of mint green pupils that glow in the dull sunlight.
She is beautiful to him, but he expects as much coming from an angel, which is part of the celestial image with all the angel traits of calmness and serenity that Tina displays so lovingly.
Bo points down with a grin at the colorful boots. “A burning fan.”
“What?” Tina frowns.
“Burn U! Roll me! Yay!” Bo tosses both arms into the air with a set of deep dimples on a face of peachy-pale skin that compliments the nice smile.
“O! You are referencing the color my cowgirl boots. I guess.” Tina smiles down at the boot toes.
“You guess so. I thought the response was: Yay, man. Right on! Or some other rather loud obnoxious reply from a burning fan of Burn U!”
“Yay, man!” Tina looks up with a smile to see Bo.
“Hey! Do you want to…”
“I know why you’re here, Bo. I’ll do my part on the English literature project.”
“May I enter?” His eyeballs turn and scan the interior walls of her house with a smile.
“No.” Tina shakes the curls.
“Please, Tina. It is cold outside.” Bo frowns.
“No! It is not cold in October. So, go back home, Bo!”
“I am not leaving.”
“I promise to finish my section of our English literature paper. Don’t worry!” She frowns.
“How about a FEC?” He smiles.
“FEC, what’s that?” She frowns.
“Family Entertainment Center.”
“I didn’t know. That’s an interesting set of words. Is there another translation, Bo?” She frowns.
“Would you like to go with me to the Bowl and Burp Family Fun Center on the highway,” he laughs.
She exhales. “You talk funny, Bo.”
He smiles. “I don’t possess a southern accent, but I have very good table manners. Do you wanna come with me to the Family Fun Center?”
“No, thank you.”
“You’re very polite. I like tender-hearted girls.” Bo leans over with a smile into her nose bridge.
She back steps from the open front door. “No, thank you.”
He slows moves inside with a smile. “I’m sorry if I insulted you today at the bookstore, Tina.”
“You did not.”
“I’m sorry about Morgan,” he nods.
She gasps. “You feel sorry for Morgan.”
He shakes both hands and a skull with a sour frown. “I feel nothing for Morgan, but I do feel something for you.”
She smiles and then un-smiles while realizing he is a friend of Morgan and Dallas, who live on the other side of town, not with her neighborhood. She looks down with a sad face at the boot toes. “You shouldn’t.”
He gently pushes a body passing her through the doorway surveying the living room. The room is square shaped of four walls, where each window is open and framed by a set of beige tinted ratty curtains that sway side to side from the cool breeze of an autumn day. “Is this your place? Are your parents here at your home too?” He moves ahead and continues to survey each peeling painted wall, the peeling ceil tiles, and an exposed dark hallway that leads towards the kitchen.
Tina runs backwards and scoots around, intercepting him inside the hallway “I...”
“I don’t feel the breeze of the air conditioning unit,” he reaches over with a puzzled brow and flicks the light switch up and down with numerous hand movements. “Does the power light switch works?” Then, he realizes that a tainted angel has the same bad living situation as a fallen angel with a whisper of worry. “Where is the furniture? What’s up with that, Tina?”
She exhales with a sour frown. “I’m poor. Okay! It’s not against the law to be poor. Thanks for coming by, Bo!”
He laughs. “O. You don’t have a set of working light bulbs. Are you a bat or something?”
“I’m something. Okay. Good bye, Bo!” She fakes a smile.
“Is there food inside the fridge?” He scoots around her and moves ahead into the kitchen for a look-see.
“Yes,” she stands in place with the lie.
“Do you wanna share your food with me? I am starving to death,” He is worried about her well-being and safety, if the data exchange from Dallas at the high school is correct about this nasty neighborhood for a single beautiful girl to live by herself, without a set of illuminated lights and an illegal weapon for protection. A fallen angel can survive with a set of limited angel magic intact for protection, defense, and savaging, but Bo doesn’t know the angel magic limitations of a tainted angel while making this nasty neighborhood arrangement unacceptable to him, even if Tina isn’t part of the heavenly flock anymore.
“No! I do not want to share my food with you, Bo,” she spins around and dashes ahead, scooting around his tallness and stops, extending a hand, touching his chest muscles with a gasp. She feels the strong steel of muscles while inhaling his fragrance of musk and man with delight a smirk.
“Fine!” He looks down at her hand with a smile. “We can go and share a plate of food at the Bowl and Burp Family Fun Center which sounds like fun,” he reaches up and touches her hand while feeling her smooth fingers on his chest with a chuckle of delight.
“Bowling! I don’t like to bowl, sir.” She stares at the sexy outline on his tee shirt that nicely covers the muscles with a smile.
“I do like to burp, lady!” He chuckles down at her hair roots.
She looks up with a giggle to see his smile. “Man.”
“Woman.”
“Boy.”
“Girl.”
“Bo,” she exhales with a sour frown.
Bo releases her hand and wraps both palms around her shoulders with a smile. “You know my name. Congratulations! Let’s go and eat first. Then, I can teach you to bowl second. It will be a fun night.”
“Aren’t you leaving?” She frowns.
“Not without you, we go bowl and eat at the fun place first.”
She frowns. “You’re impossible.”
“You’re impressive.”
“Bo!” Tina removes the hand from his T-shirt and points at the open front door.
“Tina!” Bo reaches out and grabs her waving hand with a smile, pulling the arm closer to his lips, leaning own and kisses her wrist bone with a set of soft lips. She gasps in alarm from the hotness of his kiss. Bo releases the kiss from her wrist bone and pulls back the sweater, exposing and kisses the anterior of her forearm, her elbow, her neck, and then her earlobe as she giggles.
She back steps into the door of the refrigerator. Bo cuddles her with a soft chuckle, leaning down and kisses her lips, closing the eyelids, pulling back with a smile at her face. 
She opens the eyelashes with a whisper. “Are you leaving?”
“Yes,” he smiles.
“Yes,” she smiles.
“Yes,” he leans down and kisses her again. She closes the eyelashes and enjoys the gently touches of delight, joy, and warmth of his body, his hands, and his soft lips. Bo pulls back with a smile. Tina opens the eyelashes with a giggle. He smiles. “It is all settled, right?”
“Right.” Tina grins.
Bo back steps and cuddles her into his shoulder, slowly moving ahead towards the front porch with a smile and a set of whispered words. They exit the house. The front door closes behind them without sound.
Outdoors in the dull sunlight, they move down the broken sidewalk and stop in front of the motorcycle. Tina points into the street at an ancient automobile. “We can take the car.”
“I have the bike,” he points at the new motorcycle on top of the broken sidewalk with a smile.
“It’s going to be colder air temperatures, when we return back here to my house,” she frowns down at the motorcycle. Tina doesn’t possess an overcoat warm enough for the windy motorcycle. Bo doesn’t need a coat while using the angel survival pack for both comfort and warm and he can always materialize a warm furry coat for Tina. However, stealing a clothing item from one of the local department stores with a set of angel powers is a sinful act which will not go over well with all his heavenly brothers and sisters.
“Good thinking!” Bo moves them ahead and then split in two different direction towards the ancient car. Tina opens the driver’s door and slides inside. Bo slides into the passenger side over the single bench seat of an ancient automobile with a smile. “Is this your car?”
She slaps the steering wheel with a smile. “Charlie lets me drive when I fill the tank with gasoline.”
“I got the gas tank covered tonight.” He holds up the money clip in the air that is filled with bunches of dollars from Dallas for gas, for clothes, and now his first human date with his angel girl Tina while feeling like a human which is good.
She starts the car and slowly drives over the roadway towards the family center with a smile.



City of Gardenville
    (ten miles, north, from Tina’s house)
04:01 pm


Bowl and Burp Family Fun Center
Dull sunlight and parted clouds of warm temperatures
Lobby setting


She parks the car inside the crowded parking lot. Bo opens the door first and slides out from the seat, dashing around the front bumper with a grin, stopping and opens the driver’s door for Tina. She slides out and into his arms with a giggle. They turn away from the car and move ahead arm-in-arm into the building.
Inside the lobby area, Bo escorts her and stops them in front of the food counter first with a smile. “What is your pleasure, angel?”
Tina stares up at the menu of food items with a puzzled brow. “I...”
Bo leans down with a smile and a whisper into her cheekbone. “A big burger with all the works, a large order of French fries, and a large vanilla milkshake.” She nods in silence at the food menu. He looks at the food clerk and verbally repeats the same food order with the money payment.
Tina shifts away from Bo and the food counter, spinning around to face the wall of electronic game machines, moving ahead with a grin towards a red painted game machine which is designed like a stationary race car with a set of horizontal foot pedals, a gasoline, a clutch, and a brake with a floor shifting stick while riding the gears into a manual transmission voyage. She slides down into the metal driving seat with a grin and slapped both hands into the steering wheel with a laugh, making a set of funny sounds with a set of buzzing lips while pretending to drive the metal car for fun. Bo pays for the meal and then spins around, dashing ahead and stops, leaning over the machine, shifting a set of money coins down into the money slot, hitting the activation button. The exterior tail lights, interior engine, and all the sound electronic cards activate the machine. Tina giggles with a grin at the lights and sounds of the game machine.
“Driver one, you are leading the pack. Go faster and win the race for our team!” Bo leans down and slaps a sweet kiss on her forehead, pulling back with a smile and turns to see the food tray on top of the food counter. He returns back and watches the sloppy driving maneuvers with both the gasoline pedal and the clutch not all at the same time with the feet of Tina, chuckling with delight. Tina is very amusing. Bo doesn’t want to hurt her feelings as she struggles with the gear box stalling the machine twice. Bo reaches over touching the red metal with a finger tip with a smile using some of his angel survival pack power to re-start the car race machine. Then Tina drives and stalls it again with a puzzled brow.
During a vacare, a faithful angel is given bits of time to rest and recovery from the previous assignment. Bo had guided, guarded, and glowered over Elmo Fleming from birth to death while the life force of Elmo had lasted for one hundred years and two days, a very long assignment in terms of an angel duty.
Usually, a human life force dies between the age ranges of seventies to nineties. It is very rare for a human to live to one hundred years old. In the case of Bo, angel assignment Elmo did making Bo mentally, physically, and spiritually wiped out from long-term angel duty. Therefore, he had been granted vacation for six days, before the next Angeldom class attendance and homework assignments.
A faithful angel is both rewarded and reassured about their role within universe on daily basis, since the purpose of Angeldom is to teach and instruct a graceling (a younger angel) all the proper ways and methods for exhibiting a nice behavior pattern while growing into a mature and good natured adult angel.
The rewarded and planned vacation allows Bo to enjoy the benefits of the planet without the angel responsible while his normal angel powers are subdued during a vacare, especially while visiting the surface of the planet. There are too many temptations for an angel, who lives and breathes among all the deceptive and dishonest Homo sapiens, so a vacationing super being possesses a supply of very limited angel powers which is termed a survival pack. The survival pack does not allow the creation of any worldly material items, such as, a pair of blue jeans, a dollar of money, or a plate of food, so the vacationing angel cannot harm any other human. Bo can’t project an appearance over his normal angel face or use his telepathy or telekinesis in massive doses on a human either. The celestial guidelines allows a faithful angel to experience working and walking among the humans but restricts the angel senses to hear, see, smell, taste, and touch while at the same time acting as a devoted faithful angel. Bo can’t interfere in a human life either.
Traveling around the city, Bo can see the homeless, the abandoned, the sick, the weak, and the downtrodden humans but is absolutely forbidden to provide any angel aid. That is the primary purpose of a human or humanity is to help a fellow human on the planet.
Disguised in a human form, all of the emotions, the feelings, and the sensations are heightened in the physical form of Bo, such like, body sweating underneath the hot sun, sipping the cold sweet tea which is made of pounds of sugar, three gallons of water, and lots of fresh black tea leaves.
At this moment, his nerve endings sing with a delightful tune for Tina, since she isn’t exactly a human and isn’t exactly an angel while she is exactly something in-between, so Bo is not breaking any rules.
Speaking of all angel rules, during a vacare, a faithful angel isn’t mentored or watched by Central command within heaven. In essence, his essence isn’t a bleep on the heavenly radar screen while making Bo happy. The extra time will give him time to figure out how to help tainted angel Tina convert back into a faithful angel and bring fallen angel Dallas back into the heavenly fold of baby lambs and adult sheep with a snigger of his new deceptive plot.
If Bo can solve the mystery of the tainted state in Tina, then he can provide the useless knowledge to Dallas. In turn, fallen angel Dallas can save Tina and save his soul too.
 At the food counter, the cashier repeats the same number out loud over the hidden speakers. Bo spins away from Tina and the race car machine and dashes back to the food counter, pulling the heavy tray into a chest, slowly pivots to see Tina. She swiftly stands upright from the race car machine while brushing the girly sweat from both hands onto the blue jeans, moving ahead with a smile, “That...that was very different.”
“And all the differences make us very special.” Bo winks with a smile at her. “I hold our food tray. Lead the way to a table, angel.”
“That task I can complete.” Tina spins to face the row of table in front of each bowling alley and moves ahead to a private table between the wall intersection and the last bowling alley where it is quiet and isolated from the crowd.
Bo follows behind her back spine and then stops, shoving the food tray over the top of the hard table surface, scooting quietly down into the shared bench seat and quietly shifts both hands into a praying triangle, closing the eyelids with a set of soft words. “Thank you Almighty God, Savior Jesus Christ, and Holy Host for our fine blessings and eats tonight. Amen!”
“Amen!” Tina softly whispers with a folded triangle of hands also and a set of closed eyelashes, opening the eyeballs, looking down with a smile to see the food tray. Bo reaches over and separates each food item equally between him and her. She leans down and opens the mouth, eating the big burger, chomping at the messy food particles and weird ingredients that bombard a tongue. She nods with a full mouth at the food selection.
“I must admit I’m very fond of cow.” Bo eats the food.
Tina chews and swallows the food with a grin. “Beef, the term is beef, not cow, Bo. There are many parts of the cows which are not edible,” she has learned new information living as a human on the planet.
He chews and swallows the food with a grin. “OQ Of course, I like the beef coming from the edible part of the cow.”
“You talk funny, Bo!” She studies his handsome face and his too proper manners for a seventeen year old male teenager. Bo chuckles. “Where do you come from, Bo?” She eats and chews the food.
He chews and swallows the food with a grin, pointing at the ceiling. “Up there!” He hopes to give an impression of some other place else rather than heaven, since an angel is not supposed to lie.
“You’re a Yankee-boy as we say here in the South. That would account for your lack of accent, but you possess a set of very polished and nice table manners,” she smiles.
“My mother is a very good prison guard,” he chuckles.
She giggles. “You’re so bad. I bet your mother is sweet, kind, and nice to her blue-eyed baby boy.”
“Sometimes!” He smiles. “Were you born here?”
Tina wipes the mouth with a set of good angel manners and then piles all the dirty paper and plastic items into a medium triangle of trash in the middle of the empty tray with a smile. “I finished my food. Thanks for the meal, Bo. It was really good,” she turns and stares at busy bowling alley near the table.
Bo smiles with happiness while realizing that a tainted angel doesn’t lie unlike a fallen one. A fallen angel will cheat, steal, borrow, beg, and badger without end as a new deceptive earth-bound being, but some fallen angels live an honest and modest life style someplace on Earth but not within metro city Birmingham. Dallas is the exception.
Tina does not directly answer his question or lie about anything either, since a faithful angel can’t lie, so maybe a tainted angel still possess some of the heavenly goodness traits. He grins. “Do you want a dish of dessert? I have learned to love pe-can pie. Did I say that right, Tina?”
“Pe-can or pecan is both acceptable. I will consume a plate of pie later,” she turns with a smile to see an empty bowling alley and stands upright from the shared bench. “May I start the play?”
Bo swiftly stands from the shared bench and reaches out, grabbing the food tray of trash and spins around from the table, moving ahead the garage receptacle with a smile. Tina follows behind him with a smile. He stops and places the trash down into the garage receptacle and the food tray on top of the counter, spinning around with a smile to see Tina, “Yeah! Let’s get our shoes first.”
“Shoes?” She looks down with a puzzled brow to see the boot toes.
“A bowler is required to wear a special pair of shoes, so you don’t scruff or slid on the top of the polished wooden floor. Let’s go over here to the shoe counter!” Bo grabs out and grabs her arm, pulling Tina in the direction of shoe counter with a smile. “What’s your shoe size?”
“Eight.”
Bo stops and smiles at the shoe attendant behind the shoe counters, pointing at the shoes on the wall, “Hello! I need a shoe size of eight for my angel and an eleven and half for me. Thank you!” He removes the shoes and exchanges his footwear for the bowling shoes. Tina follows the same movements with her shoes also. They slip onto the pair of bowling shoes. He turns with a smile and extends a hand. She looks at the hand and grabs it with a giggle. Bo smiles, “Now, we shop for an individual bowling ball.” He shuffles ahead towards the nearest ball stand and stops, pointing at the three layers of polished fiberglass balls in varied colors with a smile. “Each bowling ball contains a number which is etched on the outside. Pick up the ball! Hold it with your three fingers next to your knees and measure the lightness or heaviness of the weight. Then, pick the ball which is comfortable in your hand.” Bo exhibits with his instructions by standing upright, dropping a green tinted bowling ball down to his kneecaps and sways it back and forth with a smile and a nod at Tina. “I like using number twenty, which is twenty pounds of weight for my bowling arm.” Tina ends up measuring out three different weighted balls, selecting the lightest one which doesn’t cut into the set of skin cuticles with a nod to Bo in silence.
They spin around to face the bowling alley and move ahead selecting the bowling alley next to the solid wall of colorful balloons with a happy male, female, and child face.
Inside the assigned bowling alley, Bo stops and stands in front of the bowling ball return stand that separates two bowling alleys, taking her ball, moving to stand on top of the bowling lane with a smile at Tina. “You selected twenty pounds of moving glass. Don’t bust the wall with your toss,” laughing. He points to the empty space beside him. “Stand next to me while I give you a short but sweet bowling lesson. Roll the ball. Don’t toss the ball in the air after you release it from your hand. Or they’ll toss us out on our a…”
She laughs. “Okay. I won’t do that. Roll the ball! But, I don’t think it will make it down towards the rows of little bottles...”
“The little bottles are called pins.” Bo chuckles.
“Pens or pencils, I’m not very good at this game.”
He frowns. “Have you played bowling before?”
“No. That’s why I’m not very good at this game.”
He smiles. “No defeatism here! This is for fun and giggles. Remember?”
“Okay. This is for fun and giggles.” She smiles.
“Would you like some personal advice before our cut-throat match?”
“What cut-throat match?” She gasps.
Bo reaches over and hugs her with a smile, leaning down, kisses her forehead and pulls back with a chuckle. “I’m joshing you while having some fun. Remember?”
“Why did you say that cut-throat comment?”
He smiles. “I was trying to be funny. It was a rotten joke. Okay?” Tina nods in silence. Bo back steps off the bowling lane and slides down into the chair, reaching out to program the score board, typing on the electronic screen the two separate words: Angel Demon. He uses the nicknames for the pen names of each bowler.
She stares at the pen names with a laugh. “Which one are you, Bo?”
He stands upright from the seat next to her and wiggles the eyebrows. “I’m the demon, because I’m a very, very bad boy tonight,” he hugs her and pulls back with a chuckle, leaning down, stealing a kiss and pulls back with a wink. Tina giggles. He releases her and turns, grabbing one of the twenty pound bowling balls, moving ahead into the center of the driving lane and stops, standing upright. He advances four steps from the lane towards the edge of alley floor which is represented by a yellow line. Bo looks back to see Tina with a smile. “Watch me first! My feet. My hands. My pose. Okay?” She nods in silence. He spins around and marches in three long strides, swinging the bowling arm backwards with the heavy ball and then gracefully leans a torso forward with a twisted curtsey. He releases the ball from the hand as it lands onto the floor with a soft thump, rolling down the middle of the lane, hitting all the ten pins with a single loud wham.
Tina bounces up and down, clapping with a smile, “That was very good, Bo!”
Honestly, this is the first time that Bo has bowled within the human sense while watching for years Elmo and Dallas play together as a father and an adopted son. Bo had been the invisible and protective guardian angel of Elmo, where a guardian angel followed the assignments at all times and all places, such as, home, work, play, school, grocery store, and finally into the bathroom.
On top of the bowling lane, Bo had tapped into the angel survival pack for the winning strike, since if he had depended upon the human talents, then he could not have made the ball bounce into the ten pins, only the gutter. Bo isn’t supposed to use the angel survival pack, except for an urgent emergency, since angel power is very limited, but he has never once exhausted the angel survival pack.
“Thank you, kind lady!” He bows at the waistline to Tina and stands upright with a smile, dashing ahead and gently slams into her for fun, back stepping with a grin. “Let’s set a new rule! Every time there is a winning strike of all ten pins, we kiss.” He doesn’t wait for her respond and leans over, kissing her lips, wrapping both arms around Tina.
They surface with a set of smile and giggles.
“Thank you,” she smiles.
“You’re so polite, angel. Now, it is your turn, Tina.” He gently pushes her towards the alley floor.
She stands in place with a worried brow. “Maybe, I should watch your bowling stance and swinging move for a second time, since I didn’t really get all it.”
Bo shakes a skull with a smile, “Naw. That’s the point of fun and giggles.” He gently pushes her away from him.
She does not move but surveys the open court. A set of gathered families and friends are having a good time while eating, drinking, and playing with a competitive friendly spirit. She turns with a worried brow to see Bo. “Everyone will see my clumsy arm movements.”
“Naw! I promised a lesson.” Bo pulls Tina into the middle of the lane. She holds the ball with two hands facing the set of upright pins. He smiles into her eardrum. “Now, I will stand behind you and guide your hand with the ball. You walk three steps and stop before the yellow line.” He points down to the yellow line. “See the line there?” He cradles her body into a chest, holding a hand over her hand that carries the fiberglass yellow ball feeling her soft limbs rub against his taunt muscles with a smile into her eardrum. “We will walk three paces towards the yellow line and then you release the ball. I promise, it will soar straight into the pins.”
“How do you know that?” She frowns at the set of pins.
“You saw my strike, didn’t you?”
“Yes. But you’re talented.”
“I’m skilled just like you.” He tightly hugs her deeper into a chest while shifting a left arm around her body with a smile. “Ready. Set. Walk.” Tina and Bo stroll ahead in three steps towards the yellow line. He swings both of the arms with the ball in one fluid motion behind a back spine with a whisper into her eardrum. “Release it.”
Tina exhales the breath and expels the ball from the hand. The yellow ball gently guides onto the wooden polished floor, rolling in a straight line down the middle of the lane pin. Then, the ball beautifully collides into the center pin of the ten pins as each pin falls down one by one onto the floor. She bounces up and down, clapping with a smile. “Strike! Strike! I did it. I got a strike. Isn’t that right, Bo?”
“You got a strike and an earned kiss for that very strike,” he wraps both arms around her and twirls Tina around, leaning down, kissing her lips and pulls with a smile.
“Thank you,” she whispers with a smile.
“My pleasure, angel! And there is more of that to come. Watch this!” He winks with a smile at her, leaning over, grabbing one of the two twenty pound bowling ball and scoots around her. He struts ahead down into the middle of the lane in three long strides and stops, whipping the ball backwards, releasing it. The ball rolls down onto the lane and hits, scattering all the pins with a strike. Tina bounces with a clap and a giggle, because she is getting another sweet kiss. Bo spins around and dashes to her with a chuckle. They swiftly collide and gently dive down into a kissing showcase, slowly emerging with a happy face. Bo grins, “Now, it’s your turn again, angel. Do it all by your cute self!” He spins Tina around and then gently shoves her back spine into the center of the lane with a smile. “Take three long steps and then release the ball. I promise, it will hit the middle of the lane for a bowling strike.”
She stops and looks back over a collar bone to smile at Bo. “And then, I will receive another kiss too.” He nods in silence. Tina swings around and dashes ahead in three steps, stopping and then releases the ball down onto the lane, bouncing up and down with fun.
The ball rolls in a crooked line and then bounces side to side. He reaches down and places a finger on her pseudo-name inside the score board while willing a tiny set of angel magic onto her ball. Her ball rolls down the lane and hits all the pins for a strike.
Bo chuckles at her sloppy bowling moves while using some of the angel survival pack for her to win the frame, since he enjoys seeing her happy with the silly human game, because he is building up her confidence in both social skills and trust skills with him. That’s the only way he can talk with Tina about the tainting incident, since Bo doesn’t possess the necessary celestial knowledge to convert Tina back into full faithful angel status. But with his limited angel knowledge coupled with the smart intellect of his fallen buddy Dallas, they both can solve the major magic mystery.
Tina smiles at amazing second strike and spins around, dashing back to Bo for a sweet kiss, leaning with a giggle and kisses his face, pulling back with a wink of happiness.
For thirty minutes, Bo and Tina battled like a pair of warrior angels against each other during the match until the last bowling frame. They both had performing a perfect score with ten executed strikes of ten games, including the two bonus rounds of hundred points each for a grand total of three hundred points each for Bo and Tina. The bowling galley sounded with a set of claps and cheers with the perfect score for Bo and Tina and the continue rows of sweet kisses coming from the two love birds.
They left the bowling alley with smiles and chuckles, sliding back into the car. Tina drove back home while singing old happy songs with Bo.


House of Tina
City of Birmingham
Cooler temperatures with dull sunshine
07:02 pm


The car stops.
Tina shoves the gear into park in front of her darken residential home and dull sunshine that illuminated the row of houses and the dirty city street. Bo sits next to her with an arm around her collar bone whispering sweet words into her eardrum.
She turns and gasps at the city street. “Something is wrong,” Tina reaches down and jerks the handle of the car door, opening the door, sliding out and stands on top of the broken city street with a worried brow. She faces her yard of weeds and wildflowers, narrowing the eyelashes at a line of people from the neighborhood that overflows onto the city street.
Bo slides across the bench seating with a  smile and exits out from the driver’s seat of the car, standing next to Tina, surveying a line of people, consisting of African-American, Mexican, Caribbean, and Anglo faces while noting the tall woman, who wears a sparkling orange ankle-length dress and direct points a shotgun at Tina. “Who are all these people?” Bo leans over with a worried brow and whispers over the hair roots of Tina.
“Miss Bertha!” Tina stares at an array of the different sizes and heights of a flaming candle inside a folded fist which creates a ghostly effect on the fading sunset in the west and casts a set of dark shadows onto each tree trunks. “What is wrong here, Miss Bertha?”
“Nothing is wrong here, child.” Miss Bertha points the cold shotgun barrel at chest on Tina and wears a grin.
Bo reaches down and wraps both his arms around Tina for protection. He doesn’t like the mojo of the crowd and isn’t leaving Tina here within this neighborhood for any reason with this type of deadly killing social behavior coming from Miss Bertha and all the kinfolks of Miss Bertha.
Tina tosses both of her arms into the air with nervous energy as her vocals crack. “I borrowed the car for a few hours, Miss Bertha. Now, I have returned the borrowed car. It is right here. And the gasoline tank is full.”
“It is time for you to move along, child. Your dues are all paid.” Miss Bertha continued to point the gun barrel at Tina but shifts her two eyeballs to Bo.
“What are you talking about? What dues are all paid? I don’t own you any monies, Miss Bertha.” Tina frowns.
“Do you see it? Do you see how he shines in the dull sunlight?” The son of Miss Bertha, Arthur shifts the walking cane and a set of big naked feet, climbing down the front porch, shuffling a body towards the city street, pointing a dirty fingernail at Bo with a wicked smile and a set of weird colored white eyeballs.
“O! The gasoline is the dues. Did you hear me? I placed gasoline into the gasoline tank in the car for my dues, Miss Bertha.” Tina nods with a confused brow while not understanding the rude comments or the weird behavior of Miss Bertha, her son Arthur, and the rest of the neighbors.
Miss Bertha allows Tina to use the old vehicle driving back and forth to school, since Tina doesn’t possess a set of angel powers for easy teleportation around the city, because teen Morgan Mellon had stolen the pair of true angel wings that belonged to Tina. Now, Morgan and Tina are in the same place, at the same time, for the same special something to happen. However, something stranger is happening here inside the neighborhood of Tina at this time instead.
Tina has drowned in fun tonight for the first time within two years, since her planned arrival and then the forced isolation away from the heavenly flock.
Twenty-three months ago, Miss Bertha had found Tina stealing bits of used food coming out of garbage cans behind the flower garden of her home. Then Miss Bertha had arranged for Tina to live inside the old dark house for protection and security, since some of the younger adults and little kids thought the old house with a set of missing glass windows was haunted by a ghost, where Tina had become that ghost figure.
Miss Bertha had provided shelter for Tina out from the harsh elements of nature without a working air conditioning or heating unit during the seasonal changes, but Tina had possessed numerous old blankets, boxes of candles, and a set of working flashlights that she had stolen from other living spots as she had slept sometimes inside a barn shed or underneath a tree inside the woodlands during her first month while surviving as a new human on the planet.
Now, the new welcoming committee is not friendly but scary as each neighbor reacts to Bo and his first visit to see Tina in a very odd and threatening matter.
Bo whispers over her hair roots with concern. “Let’s move, Tina! You’re not welcome here anymore.” He hugs Tina and then side steps them to the right towards the new motorcycle without being stolen.
She does not move but shakes the curls with a stern face at each neighbor. “No! This is my home. I have lived here…”
“Leave, Tina! Your dues are all paid, child.” Miss Bertha waves the cold barrel on the shotgun at Tina.
Arthur moves ahead over the broken pavement of the city street with the walking cane and towards Bo with a smile. “He is strong. Look at his aura, Ma! It reaches up high into the heavens,” he encircles a dirty fingernail and outlines all the different shades of pretty colors on the upright body of Bo, where Arthur sees without a pair of natural eyeballs. A body aura is easy to see on a human and a non-human which includes an angel, who does possess a colored aura like Tina, in which she shows a different one. Arthur can see the aura of Tina through a pair of blind eyeballs as he possesses the sickle cell disease that attacks all of the regular human senses which makes him rely upon all of his paranormal senses for sight, smell, and touch.
Bo has an aura that is trimmed in many circular bands of gleaming green tint for health, pink hue for love, and a yellow tone that represents friendliness which is all surrounded by a thick ring of silver. Tina shifts the eyeballs to the left and catches the shimmery outer bound of the aura on Bo within her peripheral angel vision with a confused brow, since an aura outline of silver hue is represented only by a heavenly angel.
“Tina, I don’t like this.” Bo softly whispers over her hair roots while watching the gun, finally realizing without tapping into the angel survival pack that human neighbors are targeting at him. By some unidentified miracle on the planet, these strange humans have figured out that Bo is an actual heavenly angel, who is visiting the planet incognito.
“Leave outta of here, Tina! Your nice friend will be kindly taking your place here inside the neighborhood.” Miss Bertha points the cold barrel on the shotgun with a sneer at the skull of Tina.
She returns back and gasps at Miss Bertha. “What are you saying?” She shouts out loud. “No, I am staying!” This house is her home, the only place where she can stay, until other swifter arrangement can be made. Tina wants to help Miss Bertha and calm her nervous energy.
Miss Bertha leaps down from the porch and down into the dry weeds and partial green grass, holding the shotgun underneath an armpit with a sneer, “Get going, girl! You boy, come and stay put with me, angel!”
“No.” Tina does not move with a loud puff of confusion.
“Angel, tell her to get out! Or I’ll shoot. I mean it. I’ll shoot her dead.” Miss Bertha points the cold gun barrel at the right eyeball on Tina.
“Get on the bike, Tina!” Bo hugs Tina while shoving them closer to the motorcycle.
“They…they might harm you, Bo. I can’t leave from here.” Tina frowns with worry and without a set of angel powers to help. The line of crazy neighbors believes that high school teen Bo is an angel, but Tina is the true angel here, maybe a little tainted. Miss Bertha can see the colorful aura around Tina, which was once bright and silver a long time ago. After losing her pair of angel wings, the aura of Tina had changed into a sick green moldy and yucky brownish something weird color scheme.
At the bottom of the front porch, “Get and go on the motorcycle, Tina, right now.” Miss Bertha swings and now points the shotgun barrel at Bo, instead of Tina. Tina gasps in horror and slowly side steps towards the motorcycle, since she doesn’t want teen Bo harmed or killed by the crazy lady.
“Please leave from here, Tina! Use my bike right now!” Bo shoves her towards the concrete sidewalk, pointing at the motorcycle while nodding to Miss Bertha with a worried brow. Bo has a plan with his angel survival pack which is going to be easy for him to execute, but Tina has to leave, so she won’t get harmed or killed. Tina is a human, not an angel. A bullet will kill her soul. Then, her human soul would go back to heaven.
The crazy lady believes that a set of angel powers protects the neighborhood like the physical presence of Tina does. In reality, Tina had used the power of prayer going into the one eardrum of God Almighty while holding the humans and the human neighborhood lovingly together, because it wasn’t her presence, but her present. The set of weak-minded humans will never learn about faith, love, and hope.
Tina slows side steps with a set of tears and moves closer to the motorcycle with sobs of worry and fear for the safety of Bo.
“You are sick now, Tina. I don’t need you around the good angel here to protect me. So, now, you go and get away from me and the neighbors.” Miss Bertha points the cold barrel at Tina. Tina sees a ratty pink cloth bag that has been strapped onto the leather seat of the new motorcycle without a choice, since Miss Bertha aims that gun at face of Tina.
Bo faithfully obeys the voice of Miss Bertha and stands in place to replace and occupy the old role of Tina as the protector of the neighborhood. Tina wisely decides to go and get help from her high school mate Dallas, since Dallas lives some where on the other side of the mountain. Then Dallas can call the local city police and come to rescue Bo. She straddles the motorcycle seat and turns with a sad face to see Bo. He turns to see Tina and forms a silent word between the lips: leave.
Tina presses the single button and hears the engines ignite, but she doesn’t know how to drive a motorcycle. Bo turns and shouts at Miss Bertha. “Let Tina leave in peace now! And I’ll stay here with ya’ll.”
“After she goes, then you go and get into that dark house, where you stay here a long, long time, angel.” Miss Bertha grins with a set of missing top and bottom teeth while pointing the gun at Tina.
Tina guns the engine with the handle while getting the feel of the awesome power of the man-made machine as the noise loudly roars. Each pair of eyeballs watches Tina. Then, a red tinted missile silently soars fifteen feet from the city street and into the dull skies as the sun slowly sinks down below the mountain tops while a mysterious rider releases an array of bullets coming from a rifle. The whamping sound and the spraying of bullets hit the heated metal on three porch lights, two bird houses, and a swinging flowered potted plant that rests above the hair roots of Miss Bertha. All the frightened neighbors drop down onto the concrete sidewalk, the dry grass, and the red dirt while breaking a nose bridge, bruising a cheekbone, and cracking an arm or a leg limb.
Dallas lands his red tinted motorcycle on the rear tire and leans a torso forward while balancing the machine parallel on top of the city street, slapping the brakes and slides the bike over the pavement in a semi-circle for a second round of flying ammunition target practice. He kills each television satellite dish and blows it into tiny specks of metal that peppers the chimney bricks with tiny holes for fun and giggles.
Bo performs an angel flash coming from the side of the car and sits in the seat of the bike, hugging Tina into a chest. She guns the engine with the bike handle without driving down the roadway, when Bo performs a second angel flash with him, Tina, and the bike and gently lands down into a grass patch of an unfamiliar city park far away from Miss Berth and Tina’s house. The bike circles round and slides in the dry grass, until Bo switches off the driving gear, posing the bike upright with one hold, holding Tina with the other hand against the chest. She sobs with a set of tears and pants quick oxygen breathes of excitement, terror, relieve, and worry. Bo leans down with a smile and a whisper into her eardrum. “You’re okay and safe with me, angel,” he stretches out both arms and touches the twin handle bars on top of her hands. Tina continues to sob with tears. He grins down into her cheekbone. “We’re fine, angel. See? There isn’t any damage to you, to me, and to the bike from the big gun that Miss Bertha held.”
Dallas performed an angel flash coming from Tina’s neighbor on top of the red tinted motorcycle and lands beside Bo inside the grassy park, turning with a goofy grin to see the nose profile. “What did you think of that, bro?”
Bo frowns, “It was about time that you showed up and saved my hindie, Dallas.”
Dallas gasps. “It was about time?” He jabs a clean fingernail at into the face of Bo with a sneer. “You’re lucky that I like to spy on your hindie and all the other body parts while keeping tabs on your million dollar smile, since I’m responsible for your person during your vacare.”
“I can take care of myself, snot-hole.” Bo looks down at her hair roots and hugs Tina with worry.
“Yeah! As long as big bro is watching your a…”
“Dallas!” Bo turns and frowns at Dallas.
“Your pitiful people skills, Bo!” Dallas turns to face the roadway with a sour frown and slowly steers the bike in the southern geographical direction towards his house. “I lead.”
“I follow.” Bo slowly steers the bike beside Dallas wit a worried brow for Tina. Tina continues to sob with tears of the sudden event.
“What about Tina?” Dallas turns and frowns at the nose profile of Bo.
“You got a new baby sister, man!” Bo hugs Tina with one arm with a smile.
Dallas slightly leads the bike ahead of Bo while shaking the bangs with a sour frown in silence.


Home of Dallas
City of Gardenville
    (23 miles, north, from Tina’s house)

Living room setting
Sunset with pinks, reds, yellow, blues 
08:03 pm


Bo and Dallas roll to a stop together and park inside the illuminated six-door garage space. Bo slides off the seat with a smile and stands next to the motorcycle, reaching out, gently lifting Tina off from the seat and totes her folded body in silence into the house, which is not yet owned by Dallas. He moves through the kitchen and stops inside the living room setting, placing her on top of the new leather sofa, kneeling down with a worried brow into her red colored face. “Are you alright, Tina?” She nods in silence and continues to wipe off the tears of fear, curling back into the arm rest of the long sofa.
Dallas enters into the living room and stops, standing beside the low table, handing a cold beer bottle to Bo with a smile. “Have a beer, Bo? Do you want a cold beer, too, Tina?” Tina shakes the curls in silence and wipes the tears, staring down at the floor. She must be a sweet tea drinker. Dallas reaches out and hands a cold bottle of soda to Tina with a smile. Tina accepts the bottle of sofa in silence without drinking it.
Bo looks up with a smile to see Dallas. “Why didn’t you bring me a cold bottle of soda, Dallas?”
“After our encounter with the psychic network neighborhood, I thought you should calm your fried human nerve endings. One slip of the beer that’s all it takes, man.” Dallas drinks and swallows the cold bottle of beer in three gulps, burping out loud with a grin. Bo laughs. Tina giggles. Dallas smiles with a nod. “See? I’m entertaining. Tina is back with the living.”
“What happened back there within that neighborhood?” Bo frowns at Dallas for an explanation.
Dallas exhales with a sour frown. “Forget it, Bo! What is going to happen tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, and the other day after tomorrows?”
“What do you mean by that odd statement, Dallas?” Bo frowns.
Dallas turns and winks at Tina, clapping both hands, when the beer bottle disappears from all the fingers. The beer bottle landed back inside the kitchen counter with angel magic. “Okay! It is time for truth or dare! I’m just kidding. There is no dare, only truth.”
Bo frowns. “What truth or dare, Dallas?” Tina looks down to see the cold bottle of soda between both hands in silence.
“It is a child’s game even a young Graceling within heaven knows how to play that simple game, Bo.” Dallas nods with a stern face down at the hair roots of Tina. Tina looks up with a gasp to see Dallas. He jabs a finger with a smirk at each angel. “It’s time for all to tell the truth! I’m a fallen angel. Bo is a faithful angel. You are a tainted angel, Tina.” She gasps in alarm. He smiles. “Yes, Bo and I know and see what you are. Your aura gives it away with that sickly brown tint with a set of green moldy dots. Ugh, mama!”
“Stow it, Dallas!” Bo turns and smiles at Tina.
“I only call what icky green and brown gooey thingie that I see with my two pair of eyeballs.” Dallas drinks and swallows the second cold beer for Bo with a loud burp and a chuckle.
“What are you saying here, Dallas? This is all somehow a planned metaphysical event or something else.” Bo smiles at Tina.
“This is only an isolated incident here.” Tina exhales.
Dallas shakes the bangs with a stern face. “No! I don’t think so. I happen to find it intriguing that we are all together right here inside my home on my new sofa while drinking a beer like a gang of old angel warrior buddies.”
Bo exhales with a smile. “It’s time for all to tell the truth now! I wanna help you, Tina. I wanna help you get your pair of angel wings back. And then you can be…”
“Impossible!” She exhales. “I have tried to find the correct solution. There doesn’t seem to be a clear one to find or locate or use in retrieving my pair of lost angel wings.”
Bo stands upright and scoots besides her, sitting on top of the long sofa. Dallas back steps with a stern face and the second beer, sitting down inside the side chair, staring at Bo and Tina. Bo smiles at her. “I don’t believe that, Tina. There is a purposeful reason and a root cause for every single thing here within the universe per our big Boss,” nodding.
“So, Mr. Positive says.” Dallas slurps and swallows the beer with a loud burp and a smirk.
Bo turns and smiles at Tina. “Stow it, Dallas! We know your secret, so share your knowledge with us. We all three can help each other and find the one clear solution. Then we, three can live and be happy together and forever.” Dallas snorts with a grin.
Tina shakes the curls with a puzzled brow at Bo. “There is not much here for me to share with ya’ll. I was coaxed into the darkness. The incantation removed my angel wings and gave them to someone else,” she stared down with a sad face at the floor.
“Do you know the incantation?” Dallas frowns.
Tina points to the temple with a sour frown. “The incantation is burned into my brain cells…”
“You need the reverse spell, not the incantation. I stronger suggest purging that spell out from your mind, Tina.” Dallas leans over and retrieves a third cold beer from the tiny refrigerator with a smile, sitting upright, opening the lid and drinks the beer.
“Do you know the reverse spell, Dallas?” Bo turns and smiles at his angel brother.
Dallas shakes the bangs with a stern face. “Naw! I only remembered studying the tainting outcome. I actually didn’t know that it could be accomplished. I read that the tainting process is so complete that you don’t possess a set of body scars on the back spine. Is that correct, Tina?”
“That’s right. My body is pure like a human.” Tina nods.
“You don’t seem to tan on your human skin, is that your nature coloring?” Dallas frowns.
“Yes, this is my nature skin tone of peachy-pale as an angel. I look the same except for my pair of missing wings,” she frowns.
“Do you heal?” Dallas asks.
“Yes, I heal very slowly,” she nods.
“Do you bleed from a cut wound on the skin?”
“Yes, I bleed out very quickly, if I receive an exterior wound on the skin.”
“Can you use the angel magic of telepathy or telekinesis?”
“No, I cannot use my angel magic of telepathy or telekinesis.”
“Can you project a fake image of a person or an animal?”
“No, I cannot fake an image of a person or an animal.”
“Do you possess any of your original heavenly angel powers?”
“I do not really possess any of my original angel powers. I can tell if a human has evil or good intentions towards me thou.”
Dallas frowns. “Wow! You got a bum deal with this tainted thing,” he slurps and swallows the new cold beer with a loud burp and a smirk.
“I got a mega bum deal with the tainted thing,” she exhales.
Bo reaches over and covers both her hands with his hands and a smile. “Look! You, he, and I are going to change all that, Tina. I promise.”
“Bo!” Dallas frowns.
“I heard tell that you’re on a heavenly vacare from a finished angel assignment, Bo,” she nods with a stern face.
“Do you remember any of your Angeldom?” Dallas frowns.
Tina nods. “I didn’t get to take a heavenly vacare. And I do remember all my Angeldom teachings.”
“Bo returns back to heaven in three days.” Dallas smiles.
“O!” She looks down with a sad face at the clean floor.
“Three long days holds twenty-four hours-per-day. That is a very long, long time from right now.” Bo smiles down at her hair roots. “Can you show me your collected research, so far, Tina? I want to compare your notes to my own work...”
“What work?” Dallas jabs a finger at the cheekbone of Bo with a sneer. “You’re supposed to be working on my English literature paper, right now, Bo.”
Tina looks up with a smile to see Bo. He reaches out and pats her hands with a smile. “I will. Stay cool and chilled and frozen, Dallas!”
She smiles with a nod and stands upright from the sofa. “My gathered and collected hand written research notes are inside my personal bag. I left my bag hanging on the handle bar of the motorcycle.”
Bo reaches up and gently grabs her arm, shoving Tina back down onto the sofa with a smile. “Never mind! I got it covered,” he performs an angel flash with her bag coming from the handle bar of the motorcycle and landing the bag at her feet with a chuckle.
Dallas jabs a finger down at the bag with a gasp. “You just didn’t do that. Bo, I have told you and told you…”
“What did you tell me, Dallas?” Bo smiles with a wink at Tina. She giggles.
“Stop using your angel survival pack! Save your limited amount of angel powers here on the planet, Bo!” Dallas exhales with a worried brow.
Tina reaches down and lifts up the bag, unzipping and grabbing the research work.
“My angel survival pack is intact and working and none of your bees wax, man.” Bo looks down with a smile at the research notes with Tina.
“Then, when will you do it, Bo?” Dallas frowns.
“When will I do what, Dallas?” Bo studies each hand written page with Tina.
“When are you working to finish my English literature paper, Bo?” Dallas frowns.
“When is the English literature paper due again, Dallas?” Bo slowly flips to the next hand written page with Tina and whispers a set of secret words into her cheekbone.
“My English literature paper is due in three weeks, but you’re leaving in three days.” Dallas sneer.
“You only need to pass inside your English literature class for that silly paper diploma, isn’t that right, Dallas?” Bo leans back and curls an arm around Tina while studying the next hand written page with a smile.
“Yeah! I only need to pass my English literature class for that silly piece of paper.” Dallas nods with a stern face while watching Bo and Tina flirt.
“So, the letter grade of D is still a passing grade in high school, isn’t that right, Dallas?” Bo reaches over and tickles her rib cage. She gently slaps away his hand with a giggle.
“Yeah! The letter grade of D is still a passing grade in high school.” Dallas frowns at Bo, who continues to flirt with Tina and ignores Dallas.
Bo turns and winks at Dallas, “That is an excellent decision, man! I promise that you will make the letter grade of D on your English literature paper, so you can pass and graduate from high school.”
“I will make the letter grade of D!” Dallas sneers. “Bo, you promised to write the entire English literature paper with a faithful, a fallen…”
“And a tainted section of angel, yes I will.” Bo laughs with a smile.
“Fine! All right. Okay. I am trusting in you, Bo,” Dallas frowns. “Morgan will write about the dead angels.”
Bo smiles. “The flock is properly called a death angel. You need to brush up on your angeldom, Dallas. And I keep all of my promises,” he turns and leans down, tickling her cheekbone. She giggles.
“Okay. All right. That is good enough for me.” Dallas slurps and swallows the warm beer with a loud burp and a smirk.
“Good! Now, I need a favor from you, Dallas.”
“You need a second favor from me. Whoa, bro! I have reached my limit with you for the rest of eternity, Bo.” Dallas stands upright from the chair and spins to face the kitchen, dashing away from the love birds.
Bo yells with a smile at the back spine of Dallas. “Stow it, Dallas! Go and find some of your fellow fallen angels and ask each one about the tainting ritual. I bet a few of the fallen angels have researched that concept more than once but don’t have the guts or gravel to do that nasty maneuver.”
Dallas spins around with a smirk and scratches the whiskers with a pair of clean fingernails. “That’s a good idea, Bo. But you owe me big time for this favor, bro.”
“Yadda! Yadda! I’ll hear your sorry whining on Monday only at six pm, right after supper, Dallas.” Bo smiles. Tina giggles.
Dallas rolls the eyeballs into the skull and looks back down at Bo with a smirk, spinning around, dashing through the living room, the kitchen and enters the garage space. The car engine roars with power as he lives the house for the next assignment from Bo.


House of Mellow
   (five miles, west, from Fleming Farm)
Moonlight with bright stars and cold temperatures

Private bedroom setting, high school senior student Morgan Mellow
08:35 pm


Dallas slams the brakes of the sports car and parks in front of a three-door garage, performing an angel flash coming from the driver seat of the car and stands upright inside the middle of a lavender tinted girly bedroom. Morgan turns and smiles at Dallas inside the hot tub which is located outside on the outside patio floor. “What have you been doing, baby?”
“I have been working on the angels, a flock of the newest fallen ones,” he moves ahead and stops, standing beside the hot tub.
She lifts up and reaches out with a red colored arm on the leg of his blue jeans. “I’m all prunie.”
“I can see that,” he leans over the edge of the tub and feels the sweaty water on both cheekbones, kissing her wet hair roots, pulling back with a smirk.
“Were you really working on the fallen angel section of our English literature paper, sweetie?”
He laughs, “Yeah! I’m really working on the fallen angel section of my English Lit paper, so I can pass this class and get a high school diploma. Did you finish your section of dead angels, Morgan?”
She flips a red colored prunie hand with a pout. “I thought that monkey! What’s his name was going to finish my section of dead angels for me?”
He squats down in dry clothes with a sigh onto the wet tiles. “Bo. His name is Bo, Morgan.”
“Did you convince Bo to do our heavenly bidding, baby?” She smirks.
“I believe it is more our hellish bashing,” he laughs.
She winks. “You’re a good boy. You’re the best one, baby.”
“I bring news…”
“Well, tell! What is the news that you bring?” She frowns.
“Tina lives with me at the manor now.”
She swiftly stands upright from the hot water in a bikini with a sneer. “What in the heavens? Why is she not living inside that dark and dank house on Seventh Avenue?”
Dallas stands upright from the floor and back steps from the flinging water drops with a stern face. “There happened to be a strange occurrence in front of that dark and dank house on Seventh Avenue! Miss Bertha tried to kill Tina.”
“Miss Bertha tried to kill Tina. For what purpose?” She reaches over and grabs, wrapping a towel around the wet body with a puzzled brow.
“The answer could be a bag of cash money. I thought that you paid that witch very well.” 
She nods with a frown. “I do. Or I did. What has gotten into the head of that old woman of all things? Is Tina unharmed?”
“Thanks to fast acting me, the wonder boy!” he slaps the shirt with a laugh.
“Well then, I’ll have to reward my wonder boy later for all of his heroic deeds in saving Tina.” She winks. “But why were you the hero for poor Tina tonight?”
“I was doing my casual spying on her safety, when I noticed the unholy disturbance.”
“Does Tina suspect where you were hiding out and then spying on her?”
“Do you mean to ask, Morgan? Where is my loyalty hidden for her or for you?” He sneers.
“Is Tina suspicious of your hiding, your spying on her person? Can she see that you a fallen angel?” Morgan snarls.
“I seriously doubt it. She was very shaken, very scared, and crying with tears, especially with a shotgun barrel pointed in her face,” he nods.
She gasps. “Tina likes you, Dallas.”
He frowns. “Tina is a nice girl, Morgan.”
She pouts. “That sucks, baby! I’m your girl. You need to remember that. I don’t like you speaking nicey-nice of other girls.”
He exhales. “Did I mention the cold barrel of a shotgun that was pointed in her face?”
“Geezz! Tina can’t be killed.”
He gasps. “She can be wounded or hurt or damaged…”
“So what?”
He gasps. “That fatal and terminal act might foil our eternity paradise plans, Morgan.”
She frowns. “Well, I still don’t want you speaking, looking, talking, walking, or stalking Tina.”
He shakes the bangs with a stern face. “You understand my innocent meaning of Tina, Morgan. She is a lonely girl with no gang of high school friends or family members. She can’t trust anyone.”
“I wouldn’t know how that feels.” Morgan giggles. “Have you found the primary source of that ancient method to collect the rest of her unlimited angel powers?”
He frowns. “Tina doesn’t have her unlimited angel powers…”
“She likes to fib and cause trouble,” she laughs.
He snarls. “Actually, I believe Tina. But someone else is fibbing to me and causing trouble for Tina.”
She leans into his lips with a smirk. “I trust you to uncover the truth, darling. Did you ask all your un-natural friends about the tainting process?”
“My gang of un-natural friends is called a fallen angel also. Yeah, I’ve inquired and gathered bits and bytes of the celestial heavenly data coming from here and there. Tina mentioned that she has a notebook of angel information coming from her extension research…”
She smirks. “That is an excellent idea! We steal it from Tina.”
He frowns. “I would rather her volunteer all the collected angel information, so she can trust me. Then, I can use the data to steal her pair of angel wings.”
“Look! I don’t have time for this. This mission has a time limit. I want her pair of angel wings, right now, Dallas,” she stomps out from the hot tub and stands in front of Dallas with a pout.
He laughs. “Of course, we have lots of time which is forever time and eternity time to be together, Morgan.”
“I don’t wanna wait an eternity. I have waited several long dull boring months. I don’t wanna wait another hour. I want all of her angel powers right now,” she advances into his chest with a sour frown.
“You must be patience, doll,” Dallas likes her dance sexy into his body.
She pouts. “Go and get all of her angel information for me, right now, please!”
“Morgan, why did you enroll here at Gardenville Prep?” He frowns.
She winks. “I wanted to keep an eye off on my investment and my prize.”
He raises an eyebrow. “Which am I?”
“You’re my baby,” she smirks.
He exhales. “I am your trophy baby!”
“You’re more than my trophy, baby!” She wiggles with a giggle, dropping down the towel, touching her wet and naked skin over his body.
He looks down at the wet clothes with a smirk. “You got my shirt wet, doll.”
“Take off the clothes and let them dry out! While, we enjoy a fast paced workout, darling,” she leans over and kisses his lips.


Home of Dallas
Dining room setting
Cold temperatures with moonlight and bright stars
11:26 pm


Inside the dining room, at the dining room table, inside the chair, Tina reaches over for the yellow highlighter without looking up from reading the old ancient book which was found inside the personal library of Elmo Fleming. Bo reaches over for the same object without looking up from a second ancient book. Then, their wiggling fingers touch while sending a set of electricity sparks through an individual spinal cord and as their pair of eyeballs looks up with a grin to see each smile.
Bo slowly stands from the chair and tenderly presses down her knuckles with his hand, moving around the edge of the table without releasing her hand with a smile. “I do believe that it is time for a break,” he stops and reaches down, kissing the top of her hair roots, pulling back with a smile. “Now, it is time to go back to work.”
She looks up with a smile. Bo leans down and kisses her face, pulling back with a smile. She frowns, “Awe! Is it really so soon to go back to work?”
“I am afraid so!” He back pedals from her chair and side steps, sitting back down into the chair, looking down into the contents of the book with a stern face.
“I found a little more of something here,” she points down inside the book and stares a stern face at his hair roots.
Bo looks up with a wink at Tina. “Good girl!” He stands upright from the chair again and dashes around the table, stopping and pulls out her chair. “You deserve another nice reward for finding something.” Tina swiftly stands upright from the chair with a smile and leans into his body with a giggle. He leans down and passionately kisses her lips.
Inside the garage, Dallas slams shut the kitchen door and swiftly struts through the kitchen and into the living room setting, stopping with a gasp, seeing the sweet embrace of the loving couple with a sneer. “Hey! What in the hell is this?”
Bo pulls back from the kiss with a wink at Tina. She giggles. He turns and winks at Dallas. “Hey, man! You came back home.”
Dallas snarls at Tina. “Tina, you will sleep in the spare bedroom for the night which is located on east side of the house and right down the hallway.” he turns and sneers at Bo.
“That’s the old master suite which belonged to Elmo Fleming.” Bo continues to cuddle Tina with a frown at Dallas.
“I can hear that you remembered the location of the old sleeping chamber. Good! Now, I don’t have to draw a pic with a set of colored crayons.” Dallas sneers.
“Dallas!” Bo continues to hug Tina and frown at Dallas.
“I’m sleeping inside the bedroom on the second floor which is located in the middle of hallway stairs that separates each one of your new sleeping chambers.” Dallas frowns.
Bo laughs. “That location is the play room.”
“How apropos!” Dallas sneers.
“It’s the game room for St. Peter’s sake, Dallas.” Bo continues to hug Tina and frown at Dallas.
Dallas tosses both arms into the air with a sneer, “I am hearing enough, angels. I’m boss here. You ain’t. It is time for bed, for everyone. Chop. Chop. We all have school tomorrow, if I remember correctly.” Tina pulls away from the warm embrace with a sad face and spins around, slowly moving to the new sleeping chamber, glancing back with a grin to see Bo. Bo turns and winks at her. She disappears down the dark hallway.
Bo turns and smiles at Dallas. “I am an innocent one in here, man,” laughing.
“One, you do not look innocent.” Dallas turns to see an empty and dark hallway and then returns back to see Bo. “Two, I am not a man.”
“You look like a man,” he laughs.
“That is irreverent statement here, Bo.” Dallas sneers.
He exhales. “She is over eighteen.”
Dallas shakes the bangs. “Tina is a baby, Bo. She is barely over one hundred years within our time span, making her a Graceling.”
“How do you know that angel information about Tina?” He frowns.
“I know lots of stuff, Bo. I live here on the planet, not in outer space.”
He slaps a chest with a nod. “I live here also.”
“You live here for only three more days and counting backwards from now at midnight. Go to bed, Bo!” Dallas moves ahead and shakes the bangs with a sour frown at Bo.
Bo reaches out with a gasp and punches the dark spot on the shirt of Dallas with a puzzled brow. “You’re all wet, man.”
Dallas moves ahead with a sour frown and a matching tone towards the play room for some sleep. “It is called a water puddle that is formed by a deep pothole which is located on top of the street pavement while swiftly driving a motorcycle.”
“If you say so, bro! Nighty-nite, Dallas!” Bo spins around with a grin and dashes ahead towards the old master suite of deceased Elmo Fleming with a chuckle while thinking of Tina.
Wednesday October 23rd


City of Gardenville
Home of Dallas location

Dining Room setting
Cool temperatures with sunshine
02:01 pm


The kitchen door opens.
Tina enters into the kitchen space with laugh coming from the garage door. Bo follows behind her back spine with a smile. They had skipped the last class of study hall for the end of school. She moves ahead with a smile through the kitchen. “You’re such a show-off, Bo. Dallas has warned you before. You must save some of your angel survival pack in case of an emergency,” Tina pivots around and hits into a wall of hard muscles. His hands reach out and wrap around her body. Her green eyeballs look up to see Bo. He dips down and tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back with a smile.
Bo hugs Tina while smelling her lavender scented hair with a stern face. “This is an emergency situation to find your pair of angel wings before…” She pulls back and looks up with tears to see his face. He exhales. “We are very, very close, Tina.” She nods in silence. He exhales. “I feel it, Tina. We have exhausted all the manuals at the local bookstore and the other ones here inside the personal library of dead and deceased Mr. Fleming. His personal library still contains more than a dozen rare collector books for us to search and explore this afternoon. I’m not giving up and neither are you.” She nods in silence with tears. He smiles. “I’ll fix us some food snacks. You go and tackle the reminding books that we selected and worked on last night right before Dallas and bedtime.”
“Okay,” she separates from his hot body with a whisper and swings around, moving ahead towards the dining room, where a pile of books stand for reviewing. She slides down into the chair with a sigh and looks down at the pink sticky note from last night while continuing to research the word: tainted.
Bo enters the dining room and totes a tray of food items with a smile, placing the tray in the middle of the table near the pile of books, sliding down into the chair with a smile. “What have you find, so far?”
She looks up with a smile to see Bo. “The Book of Enoch teaches a human about the existence of all the angels and all the Nephilim watchers.”
He shakes a skull with a stern face. “Hmm! That information is useless for our purposes.”
“The Book of Jubilees is told from an angel’s point of view that narrates the creation of man, the fall of Adam, and that other familiar stuff.”
“Nothing is there for our purpose either.”
She exhales. “I browsed the Lost Scriptures of the Old Testament coming from the First Book of Adam and Eve, Second Book of Adam and Eve, the First Book of Enoch, the Second Book of Enoch Jubilees, Jasher and, the Story of Ahikar.” He shakes a skull in silence at her. She nods. “I re-read the Apocalyptic Writings and the End of Days of Apocalypse of Abraham, the Apocalypse of Thomas, Fourth Ezra and Second Baruch.”
He shakes a skull again. She exhales. “And finally, I have read the Gospel of Philip, the Gospel of Mary Magdalene, the Apocryphon of John, the Gospel of Thomas, and the Gospel of Judas, all of these books do not mention the words, taint or tainted, regarding an entity or human.”
“Hmm! We have to keep looking, Tina,” he reaches out and grabs a new book from the stack of rare collection pile, dragging it towards a chest, flipping open to see the table of contents, and silently reads.
“Well, I have here something,” she points down with a puzzled brow at a single sentence that she has read numerous times with intrigue and mystery.
He stands upright and dashes over, stopping and leaning down over her collar bone with a smile while scanning the words on the page. “What did you find, angel?”
“I believe the writing is related to some type of early Semitic-language material.”
“Do you think the writing is related to Ancient Greek?” he smiles.
“No. I think the passage was written in any earlier time frame than Ancient Greek. I have studied a little bit of Ancient Greek, but this is really different and strange to my eyeballs,” she wiggles the pink highlighter with a puzzled brow down at the page inside the book.
“Hmm! You’re right,” he reaches down and grabs the book, holding it center stage in front of a face and then flips the book sideways, up, down and then upside down again with a smile, “This is a set of very strange writings indeed.”
“Can you read the ancient strange writings, Bo?” She swiftly stands upright from the chair and scoots beside him while staring at the upside words in the upside book.
He drops the upside book even with the knees and turns with a smile to see Tina. “No. I can’t, but Dallas can. He wasn’t lying about being a genius. He is…was the smartest angel that I had ever known within heaven.”
Tina gasps. “What happened to Dallas? How did he become…?” She moves ahead with a sour frown and slides down into the chair, reaching out for a new book. Bo moves ahead and slides down inside the chair, staring with a worried brow at her. She stares with a stern face at Bo. “I’m sorry. I should be more sensitive about delicate subject matters. I didn’t enjoy talking about my condition. I should respect the privacy of Dallas. Don’t tell him that I had inquired! Okay?”
He exhales. “Dallas and I go way back, a long time. He is smart. He has helped me numerous times in Angeldom and out of Angeldom. It was about fifty years and a few days ago when Dallas fell from grace, because of a new assignment. I was guarding human Fleming. So, I couldn’t kick his butthole back into heaven while keeping that boy in line. He was an angel guarding a human female…”
“A human female!” She gasps. “That is highly odd and usual, isn’t it? I’ve never heard of such a thing.”
He nods. “Well, it was a new experimental as they like to say. Dallas volunteered being excited about the prospects of a female Soul for body guarding, instead of male.”
“Dallas is always the ladies man as they like to say also,” she laughs.
“He failed.”
“Did all the others fail with Dallas as well?”
He nods. “Ironically, the answer is yes. The experiment proved a very bad idea which had been issued by Central. It had been repealed, but not all the associated fallen angels.”
“That doesn’t seem fair to Dallas or all the other fallen angels for a stupid tryout.”
He exhales. “Life is a test, whether an angel, a human, or an animal.”
She nods. “I failed my test also.”
“No, Tina! You were clearly ambushed based on your data and your condition. And you are very young. A Graceling does not make a mistake. Your mentor does. And when I find out your attacker….” he sneers. “Well, that’s a different fairy tale.”
“You sound revengeful, Bo,” she gasps.
“I’m a guardian angel that comes with lots of rules, regulations, and benefits which surround that title, angel,” he smiles.
“We were discussing Dallas.”
He nods with a stern face. “So, he succumbed to the greedy world of too many earthly treasures.”
“One of the earthly treasures is money.”
“Yes. You definitely don’t miss his proclamation of money, an earthly pleasure.”
“The other earthly treasure is a woman.”
He nods. “His charge was rich as they like to say with a set of human traits of beautiful and loneliness. Dallas soared in flight above her head every morning, noon, and night as she places a good prayer for a nice husband.”
“Dallas wanted to answer her prays.”
He frowns. “Dallas wanted her person, her money, her lifestyle, her greed. He knew as an angel exactly how to attain all the above nouns.”
“Dallas was smart and failed by doing what. What do you do when you fall?”
“Do you remember your Angeldom? There are numerous methods that could execute a fall.”
She exhales. “Did he commit murder of a human?”
“No. Dallas isn’t a nasty demon. He simply stole.”
She nods. “Stealing is up there with lying and cheating and…”
He nods. “Yeah! All of those nasty human sins. He had stolen it and then he was tossed out on his asset while surviving on his liabilities which didn’t amount to two cents as measured by a human.”
She frowns. “His charge was both beautiful and rich…”
“And then she died two days later.”
“O no!”
“Dallas was both infatuated and lustful like a human. He couldn’t see all the angel facts before his own set of eyeballs. He couldn’t accept her heavenly faith. He thought that he could change it for her and him.”
“O poor Dallas!”
He nods. “Dallas struggled for years and decades as a fallen angel.”
“Could you not help him, Bo?”
Bo exhales. “One, I was on the angel job. Two, no one aids a fallen angel. You know that unwritten and unspoken angel rule.”
She nods. “Yes, I recall the unwritten and unspoken angel rule. I wonder how everyone will react to…”
“Tina, you are not a fallen, but a tainted angel. There is a set of numerous big and little alphabetic letters between the F and the T that has created your unique set of circumstances.”
She tosses both palms with a nod, “Enough about me!”
He leans over with a wicked smile. “I’d like to do more than talk about you, angel,” he sits back with a stern face. “However, we are pressed for time.”
She exhales. “Time is moving too fast for me. How many more days until the end of your vacare, Bo?” 
“Three.”
She frowns. “Three more days and nights, then you are gone from me forever.”
He laughs, “Naw! I return back into heaven for another angel job.”
She exhales, “Yeah, while I’m stuck down here in high school on the planet.”
He leans over with a smile. “Naw, you’re coming with me. I promise that we will find your angel wings.”
She smiles. “I have hope.”
“Hope, faith and love, the mighty three,” he leans over and kisses her lips, pulling back with a wink and a smile.
“Do you really love me, Bo?”
“Yes ma’am! I do you love, my lady angel,” he smiles.
She looks up at the ceiling and returns back to see him. “Bo, we’ve known each other…”
“We have known each other for a few days,” he smiles. “Yes, that is correct, angel. But, we’ll get to know each other very well over the next thousand centuries.”
She giggles. “I have hope.”
“I have big faith in you, me, and Dallas,” he laughs.
She frowns. “I don’t know about this, Bo. Dallas doesn’t like me much.”
He smiles. “Dallas likes you, angel. But he does not like you that way that I like you, doll.”
“Dallas hasn’t blinked, burped, or barfed my way, since I have known him and came to live here.”
He laughs. “Honestly, I’m not interested in seeing puke green vomit cover his ugly face. Secondly, he is working behind the scenes for your angel cause.”
She gasps. “Really? Dallas is working on my angel cause.”
He nods with a smile, “Really! Dallas has been reading all of those boring textbooks inside his private bedroom while double checking our work.”
“Do you mean the modified play room? Since, we took over his manor with our fresh minty angel breathe and a pretty smile.”
“This house is big enough for all three of us. Ignore Dallas! He has his own way of doing stuff.  He is quite gun-ho about solving your tainted condition.”
“Really? He is not nice to my face nor does he talk to me about my condition, since last night after my rescue from Miss Bertha.”
He frowns. “It’s not you, it’s that Morgan person. Man, she is a real bi…bitter female.”
She smiles. “They think alike.”
“What does that mean, Tina?” Bo frowns.
“They both enjoy sharing a common hobby. The common hobby is money.”
“Yes, you are very observant, Tina. They do enjoy sharing the common hobby of money. I have observed that also.”
“What are you pondering about, Bo?”
“I am pondering about everything.”
She exhales. “I’ve pondered so much data. I’ll think my gray matter has turned bright orange from overexposure. But I seem to remember something inside the Book of Jubilees, where I found that weird writing.”
She exhales. “I’ve pondered so much data. I’ll think my gray matter has turned bright orange from overexposure. But I seem to remember something inside the Book of Jubilees, where I found that weird writing.”
“Is it this book of weird writing?” Bo holds the book in front of his smile in an upside position for Tina, on purpose for fun.
She points with a stern face at the sentence of upside down words. “I recognize the word, Athos.”
He looks up with a smile to see the ceiling and back down to see Tina. “Do you mean Mount Athos?”
She nods with a smile “Yes, the book spells out the word as a.t.h.o.z. I originally thought, maybe, it was an ancient Greek word, but the letter Z is really the letter S. Do you think so, Bo?”
“If you were to substitute the letter S in the word, then your reference would be translated into Mount Athos. That word translates into the holy mountain,” he smiles.
She turns to face the table surface and leans down, flipping through the pages of an open second while reading out loud the information to Bo. “The geographical mountain range of Mount Athos is located on the peninsula of Greece which requires a special government entrance permit that is only valid for a male, who is over the age of eighteen.” He chuckles. She looks up with a stern face. “This is not funny, Bo.”
“This is very funny, Tina.”
“Why is this very funny, Bo?” She frowns.
Bo tosses both arms into the air with a nod and a chuckle. “I’m a male, who is way over the age of eighteen years.”
She grunts with a sour frown and looks down, flipping the pages inside the second book, reading out loud. “This funny writing here is not the Ancient Greek words or language. I believe it to be one of the Lost Books of the Bible, specifically this might be the Aramaic document which warns of the twelve disrespectful sin commands for a human, who lives and works the limited time as a spiritual soul on the planet. Part of the twelve commands includes envy, greed, and lust. However, this command points directly to human sin of arrogance.”
“I gotta get the completed set of Aramaic twelve for Dallas for Christmastime. He’ll appreciate the literal meaning, literally,” he laughs.
She looks up with a stern f ace at him, “Bo, pay attention to me! This book and this sentence text refer to the location of Mount Athos and a weird rock fragment. The weird rock fragment was found inside one of the interior caverns in Mouth Athos. The fragment is radiocarbon which has been dated to 100 BC...”
“What does a radioactive fragment over 4,000 years old have to do with a tainted angel? I don’t get it, Tina,” he frowns.
“The Lost Book tattles how a group of descendants, or in my case, a group of flesh and blood humans using the sinful command of arrogance can disregard all the proper heavenly procedures and become…” She gasps. “Unbelievable! This small radioactive cave fragment is written on a small section of the northern wall inside the cavern of Mouth Athos spells out both the verbal and visual methods of how a human can physically become an angel, where the information is marked on the rock fragment by a white insignia of an expanded pair of angel wings….”
“That is absolutely impossible, Tina,” he shakes a skull with a sour frown.
“It’s right here inside this book, Bo.” Tina points down with a stern face at the book which references the radioactive fragment inside Mount Athos. “Yes! It is there inside the cave under the protection of….” She frowns. “Who would live inside that cold and dark cave in Mount Athos, a group of humans?”
“Monks, bats, and more bats would live inside a cave,” he chuckles.
“What do we do next, Bo?” She smiles.
“You will stay right here inside the warm and sunny house of Dallas. I’ll be right back, Tina,” he back steps with a wink and stands in the middle of the room, flashing a body into a set of angel style white robes which would be similar to the robes of a monk, who live inside the Holy Mountains without a pair of angel wings like Bo, since he is on a vacare.
She tosses both arms into the air with a worried brow “No, Bo! Please take Dallas with you for protection.”
He shakes a skull with a smile. “Dallas can’t jump through space and time. He is only a fallen, not a faithful. Wish me luck, Tina!” He advances ahead and stops, leaning over and kisses her lips, pulling back with a smile. He back steps and stops, standing in the middle of the room, slowly lifting up from the floor with angel magic and blows out a kiss as an invisible force of air gently tickles her forehead with a silly smacking noise.
Tina giggles from the air-kiss and then waves both arms in the air with a worried brow of her angel-guy. “Bo, this is extremely dangerous.”
“…for the humans like you, Dallas, not me,” he chuckles.
“Bo, are you bringing the radiated fragment back here to Birmingham for examination?” 
He shakes a skull. “I can’t do that, but I can memorize all the etched and embedded physician marks on the rock fragment rapido.”
“You mentioned that the writing is too odd for your brain cells,” she frowns.
“Right!” He stops and hovers in the air waves as the robe swishes back and forth from the slight breeze near the ceiling fan. He jerks out the mobile telephone from the rear pocket of the ripped blue jeans and displays it near a smile. “I’ll take a pic with the cell phone.”
She claps with a nod of happiness at her angel-guy. “I’m flying from you, angel,” he flies upwards into the ceiling with a smile. “Wish me luck, Tina!”
“You didn’t need luck, because you’re a genius like Dallas, too, Bo,” she smiles.
“Now, that act of genius is yet to come, angel,” he winks at her and then performs an angel flash into nothingness.

At 03:05 pm, Bo performs an angel flash coming back from the cave in Mount Athos and lands on both feet back inside an empty dining room without the warm presence of Tina. He swiftly uses the powers from the angel survival pack and then physically materializes all the written contents from the monk which is stored inside the mobile telephone into a set of wrinkled and old and dull colored yellow parches of papers in the palm. Then, he reaches over and gently places the stack of dull yellow papers on top of empty space near the pile of books on the dining room table. Bo uses the angel survival powers again and glues the stack of loose yellow pages, forming a small book of information which is bound by a smelly and torn leather of dull brown around the stack of dull yellow papers with a chuckle and scoots the worn book on the edge of dining room table near the set of working papers of Tina. Her notebooks are scratched, scribbled, and scripted down with a set of hand written notes coming from the various passages in each rare collection book with the personal library of Elmo Fleming. Bo scans the contents on top of the table surface with a wicked grin that contains numerous used notepads, pens, pencils, posties, and purpose. “Tina!”
“Bo!” Tina appears and stands inside the archway with a smile, dashing ahead, stopping inside his open arms with a giggle. “Where is the book?”
He leans down and kisses her hair roots, pulling back with a smile. “There is no book.”
“Why is there no book?” she frowns.
He releases her and lifts up the mobile telephone near a smile. “All the data is stored inside my cell phone.”
She back steps with a smile. “Let’s have a look see at all the new Mount Athos information which is stored inside your mobile telephone, Bo.”
He frowns. “I can’t translate the words, Tina.”
“I can.” She reaches up for the mobile telephone with a smile.
He lifts the phone up towards the ceiling with a chuckle. “You can’t either. We deserve a break.”
She lifts up on the tippy toes and waves an arm at the out of range mobile telephone with a grin, since Bo is taller than her body frame and arm span. “I’ve been resting for an hour, since you have been gone.”
“I’ve been working for an hour, doll,” he frowns.
She back steps with a worried brow. “I am sorry. You have been performing angel work for an hour. Do you wanna take a nap before we eat our supper, Bo?”
He winks with a wicked grin. “I have a much better idea to relax and waste some time before we re-start our intense headache work again,” he reaches out and grabs, shuffling Tina away from the dining room, down the hallway, and into the cozy den. He leads towards the long sofa and stops, releasing her hand, reaching out and stacks all of soft pillows across the sofa with a chuckle, sitting down in the middle of sofa and man-pulls Tina into his chest. He tenderly grabs and lifts, gently kissing each one of her knuckles first, then her right elbow, moving up towards her neck and jumps into her right earlobe. Tina giggles. Bo cuddles her for protection with a smile and a whisper into her cheekbone. “Tina!”
“Yes.” She smiles.
“I love you, Tina,” he declares with the heart, mind, and soul.
She opens the eyelashes and leans back, staring at his goofy grin. “I love you, too, Bo.” They lean down and kiss without emerging.
Two hours later, the front door sounds with a set of two loud knocks. Tina breaks apart from his lips with a smile and a whisper. “Someone is standing and knocking on the front door of the house.”
He leans down and rubs his whiskers across her smooth peachy-pale jaw line, pulling back to smile into her green tinted eyeballs. “Ignore the someone at the front door!” He kisses her lips again.
The front door sounds with a set of three knocks. Tina breaks the lip lock with a sour frown. “Someone is still standing and knocking on the front door of the house.”
He grunts with annoyance and turns to see an empty hallway that leads towards the front door of the manor, where a steady loud sound is thumping against the solid wooden entrance door. Tina and Bo are buried together deep and down into the set of soft red and yellow pillows on top the green and yellow stripped sofa inside the den which is far away from the spying eyeballs of Dallas. Bo looks back with a smile at Tina and gently strokes her arm. “Did we order a box of hot pepperoni pizza?”
“No,” she giggles.
“Okay. We ignore the loud knocking at the front door,” he leans down and kisses her earlobe as she giggles. The front door sounded with a set of three loud knocks. He looks up with a sour frown at the ceiling and silently mouths something incoherent into the ceiling tiles, looking down to see Tina with an annoyed face. “Dallas.”
“Dallas!” She gasps.
“He’s banging the nails off the front door while warning us to untangle, before he eye burns our shared bodies as one again. He is so jealous,” Bo laughs.
“Eye burns?” She frowns.
“The word comes from a new book author, who writes about heavenly angels.”
“Is the book talking about you in particular?”
He smiles. “She writes about all angels which is you, too, sweetheart,” Bo leans down and kisses her lips, pulling back with a grin.
She exhales. “Get up and go and answer the front door, Bo!”
“No,” he leans down and kisses her jaw line.
“Yes,” she pulls back from his face with a sour frown.
“Dallas has a front door key. This is his house,” he leans down and kisses her nose.
She pulls back from the kiss with a stern face, “Bo!”
“Okay,” he exhales with annoyance and lifts her up from his resting body. She stands upright on top of the floor in a pair of bare feet with a giggle. He rolls off the sofa and swiftly stands on top of the floor with a smile, admiring her beautiful delicate face.
A set of scattered brightly toned orange bite marks mars her peachy-pale soft skin coming from a swan neck down to a smooth forehead, where Bo has playfully attacked with the teeth and the tongue on her face. Her pair of lips is swollen in pink hue coming from their rough tongue battle. He leans down and kisses the top of her hair roots, gently stroking her long soft hair with a smile, pulling back with a wink. He hugs Tina and turns with a sour frown, staring out into an empty hallway while cuddling Tina. They slowly move out from the den and strolls down the dark empty hallway as he softly sneers and swears at Dallas.
Inside the dark hallway, moving towards the front door that is still sounding with heavy knocks, Tina pulls away from Bo with a smile and side stepping towards the kitchen archway. “I’ll go and get a tray of cold beverages for us and our someone in front of the door, Bo,” she spins around with a hum and disappears into the kitchen.
Bo strolls ahead with a sneer down the dark hallway, where the wall intersection meets his skull with a loud thud. He trips a big foot over the wrinkled fabric hill which is a purple and white colored hall runner, landing down on a kneecap onto the rug, sliding a body in forward motion, slamming a face down into the floor. Bo accidently busts a pair of big nostrils with tons of bright red blood that hit the foyer floor with a soft curse between the lips.
The front door inside the foyer barges open as a group of uninvited and unknown guests stand inside the open archway and then scan, target, attack, and peel the fallen body of Bo up from the set of dirty tiles. Two nose holes of red blood on Bo dives down towards the dirty floor. The group of uninvited guests spins Bo and each upright body around to face outside weather and drag a semi-conscious Bo towards the open archway door, since he is dizzy, disoriented, and determined to win stupidly.
Bo flexes and jerks a bicep into the air from the hand grip for a shocking slick defense maneuver, when visible invader number three slips over and stands in front of Bo and punches with a folded fist into guts of Bo. Bo grunts in pain while closing the eyelids, crashing back down on the kneecaps onto the hard floor in human suffering.
“We got him!” Visible invader number one shouts out loud. Visible invader number two continues to hold upright wounded Bo, who exhibiting a semi-conscious state of mind.
Visible invader leader leans down and smiles into the face of Bo, “Awe! My poor baby had an accident. Don’t worry. I’m here to care for you now, Bo.” She reaches over and touches his smooth forehead, turning with a sour frown to see visible invader number four with a sneer. “Find that girl now!”
Tina stops and stands behind the wall, reaching around the wall corner inside the dark hallway while hearing a set of strange voices inside the foyer, calling softly. “Bo!” She appears between the two walls with a gasp of alarm. Bo stands on both kneecaps wit a set of closed eyelids, blooding down from the nose holes onto his clothes and the floor while he is mounted between a pair of unfamiliar hands.
“Grab her!” Visible invader leader turns with a sneer and points a red tinted manicured fingernail at Tina.
Tina slowly back pedals with a gasp and quickly pitches the tray of tall beverage tumblers at the two advancing strangers, spinning around, running for safety. Visible invader number six ducks to the side and avoids the tray of beverage, jumping up and lands down onto her back spine, grabbing her collar bone. Tina gasps in panic. “Bo! Bo!” She stops and tosses a rear skull into the face of visible invader number six, dashing backwards closer and kicks the shin of the invader with a sneer. Visible invader number six flies backwards through the air from her limited tainted angel power kick and collides with the upright body of visible invader leader as both bodies fall, tumble, and tie prettily like a bow over the top of the foyer floor. Tina races ahead with a grin to escape through the kitchen door that leads outside through the open garage door.
Around the wall corner, visible invader number four appears and rears back an arm, punching a fist into her stomach as she grunts in pain. Visible invader leader unravels from the employee and turns with a sneer, dashing ahead, stops beside Tina. The leader reaches down and lifts up a handful of strawberry-blonde curls on Tina, rearing back, plowing a fist across the smooth cheekbone and the eye socket of Tina. Tina slumps down and lands on top of the dirty tiles unconscious with a flood of red blood proteins from the nose holes hitting the floor. Visible invader leader stands upright over Tina and points out the door with a sneer. “Move her and him into the van right now!”
“Morgan!” Dallas shouts out loud and stands beside his parked sports car on top of the city street, since the driveway of the house is full of three unfamiliar vans while seeing Bo and Tina.


City of Gardenville
Five Points Station location
    (six miles, south, from Dallas’ house)

Root cellar underground setting
Cloudy sky without moonlight and cool temperatures
07:32 pm


Morgan cradles a dull looking black tinted knife into her breasts with a smirk, slicing the eyelashes side to side for any type of surprise attack with caution.
Bo sits forward inside the wall corner of an enclosed and cold room without a window which is located below the ground dirt of a root cellar. He possesses a set of tied wrist bones and ankle bones using a steel encased rope, since he is a true guardian angel while vacationing on the planet with an array of his limited and greatly diminished angel survival pack. He can free his body at anytime during this dire, dangerous, and deadly fandango while waiting patiently for the right moment to save his girl Tina.
Tina possesses a set of bonds in three separate spots on a body around the biceps, the two wrist bones, and the ankle bones while sporting numerous developing colorful black and blue bruises on a peachy-pale face and two exposed arms behind the back spine coming from a ripped sweater. She is conscious but rests sideways on top of a long solid black stone table surface facing a solid wall of packed red tinted dirt, since Tina is inside a root cellar with Morgan, Bo, and Dallas.
Dallas watches Morgan with a stern face and turns to see Bo while ensuring the faithful angel is safe. Dallas continues to hold a small worn brown wrinkled leather book between the fingers and looks down to study the dull yellow tinted pages.
Morgan stares at the hair roots of Dallas with a sneer and cuddles the knife with a smirk. “Don’t you see, Dallas? You can be complete. I can be complete. We both can be a pair of powerful angels living and working together until the end of time,” She dances and twirls around in a complete circle with the dagger between the breasts, stopping and staring at Bo and then at the hair roots of Tina.
“There is no end of time, Morgan.” Dallas continues to study the old book which rests on top of a raised platform much like a preacher podium at church on Sunday morning.
“End of eternity then!” Morgan slowly twirls around in a new circle with a laugh and the knife, stopping and stares at the hair roots of Tina.
“Eternity is never ending, Morgan.” Dallas continues to study the rare book with a stern face.
“Demons.” Bo smiles.
“Where? Where are the demons?” Morgan spins around with pants of heavy breathes brow and then stops, mouth spitting on the dirt while staring at Bo.
Bo smiles at Morgan. “Stealing a pair of angel wings, it makes you a red colored nasty demon, Morgan. Then, you turn blue from the lack of heavenly oxygen while living down in hell.”
“That is even better than I ever imagined, Bo, darling.” Morgan growls.
Bo turns and smiles at the rear skull of Dallas. “She’s crazy, Dallas.”
“Blue demons! Blue demons!” Morgan laughs with a tongue of mouth drool while twirling around in a set of dancing circles and cradles the black tinted dagger.
“She’s grandee loco, man.” Bo shakes a skull with a chuckle.
“What is the final procedure, baby?” Morgan stops the twirl and shuffles ahead with a wicked grin on a pair of bare feet towards Tina, halting and extending the black tinted dagger towards Tina like a friendly gift.
“Don’t touch her, Morgan!” Bo turns and growls at the nose profile of Morgan.
Dallas carefully flips through each fragile yellow faded page and can’t believe his luck. Every answer to each puzzled question had been hidden and eventually discovered inside the private library of Elmo Fleming in which Tina had accidentally found. He reads out loud the old Latin sentences with a smile for all eardrums. “You must cut out the scar tissue of the ripped wings on the angel using Saint Michael’s dagger on the blacken skin of her back muscles.”
She opens the eyelashes to see the dirt wall in time to hear the information from Dallas. “I don’t have a pair of angel wings, you stupid human idiot. I do not have any scar tissue on my back spine.” Tina sneers at the wall, because she can’t see Morgan.
Morgan turns with a pout to see the hair roots of Dallas. Dallas reads out loud for all eardrums from the old book. “Touch her back spine with the knife! Then the black slits will appear,” he looks up with a puzzled brow to see Morgan.
Morgan reaches out and cuts off the set of thin ropes from the wrist bones and the ripped sweater on Tina with a black tinted dagger, exposing a naked back spine of Tina, lifting up a cupped fist above the hair roots with a wicked grin and steadies the tip of the dagger, swiftly dropped a hand down towards the exposed back spine of Tina.
“Touch the back spine, not thrust the skin tissue, Morgan!” Dallas shouts out loud from the podium. Morgan stops the hand mid-air and turns with a smile to see Dallas.
“Don’t touch her, Morgan!” Bo growls at Morgan and then turns with a sneer at the nose profile of Dallas. “Do not do this, Dallas!”
Morgan lowers the black tinted dagger down and gently touches the naked peachy-pale tinted skin between the shoulder blades on Tina with the tip of dagger. Then, a set of two vertical, black tinted dead-looking, ugly-jagged, and wrinkly skin fusions cracks through the smooth and naked back muscles on Tina as she painfully screams and cries with agony. The dagger morphs from a solid dull black tint into a shiny silver hue with angel magic inside the cupped hands of Morgan. Morgan hisses down at the shiny silver dagger. “The knife has changed its color from dull black to bright silver, after touching her skin. It also kinda stings inside my hands.”
Bo laughs. “You should quit now while you still have your head and your body is ahead, Morgan. A stinging is a very bad sign.”
Morgan turns and frowns down at the hair roots of Dallas. “What is boring, snoring Bo talking about, Dallas, honey?” Dallas continues to read the ancient book in silence. “I thought so, too,” she turns and stares at the two ugly back tinted skin fusion on Tina with a soft whisper and a wicked grin. “Amazing!”
Dallas looks up with a stern face to see the rear skull of Morgan. “Now, gently cut the two blacken slits out from her back muscles. And be gently with the cutting, Morgan.”
“No! No! Please don’t!” Tina struggles with the tight ropes, since she is only a weak human, not a powerful angel, rocking a body back and forth on top of the hard table surface without moving away Morgan. Morgan releases a cupped fist from the dagger and rears back, plowing the same fist into the bruised face with a hiss. The face and the body of Tina drops down and hits the hard surface and as she sobs in pain and suffering like a human.
Bo shouts out loud and stares at the rear skull of Dallas. “Wait, Dallas!”
“There is no more waiting for me, Dallas.” Morgan holds the shiny silver tinted dagger with two fists and poses the tip on top of one black hue wrinkled skin fusions with a smile that resides on the back muscles of Tina.
“You’re not reading, not translating the Latin words correctly, Dallas.” Bo frowns.
Dallas lifts up a palm into the air with a stern face. “Hold right there, Morgan!” He turns and smiles at Bo. “I was top dog at translating all my Latin assignments, Bo. I recall you cut class a lot.”
Bo chuckles. “We were young and stupid. Okay, I was young and stupid. I caught up and surpassed your angel abilities, man.”
“How have you surpassed me, Bo?” Dallas frowns.
“Dallas!” Morgan poses the tip of the dagger two inches with a smile at the wrinkled black tinted wound.
“Be patient, Morgan!” Dallas stares at Bo. Morgan stares with a smirk at one of the wrinkled black tinted wounds the back muscles of Tina with a set of puffs and huffs of forced air, holding the knife above the hair roots.
Bo grins. “Guardian angel lessons, assignments, and studies are all part of my job that I can’t dodge, man.”
“Your guardian angel job was guarding Fleming all the time.” Dallas nods.
“Mr. Fleming also snored all the time in sleep. His elderly biological body was like a very sick young child, instead of a healthy elderly adult. During the rest periods, I studied all my angel assignments.”
“I don’t believe you, bro.” Dallas narrows the eyelids at the faithful angel, who tries the plane of trickery into a dangerous manner.
“Dallas, I truly don’t give a damn, if you don’t believe me or didn’t trust me or…” he exhales. “You are translating the words wrong, if I am right.” Bo turns with a worried brow and stares at the back spine of Tina.
Dallas turns and exhales at the two black tinted wounds on the back muscles of Tina, “Fine!”
“Baby!” Morgan holds the knife above the hair roots and stares at the one black tinted wound on Tina.
“Morgan, give me the dagger!” Dallas extends a palm with a nod.
She spins around with a pout to face Dallas. “No!” Morgan lowers the arms and cradles the dagger into the breasts.
“Give me the dagger! I need to cut off the steel ropes and release Bo.” Dallas wiggles the palm with a stern face at the rear skull of Morgan.
“No! He is the more powerful angel than you, Dallas. Don’t trust him. Don’t trust her. Don’t trust them. They’re trying to stop us.” Morgan cuddles the dagger and sways side to side with a sour frown at Dallas.
“You can’t really argue with all the heavenly truths coming out of her forked tongue, Dallas.” Bo laughs. Morgan hisses.
Dallas wiggles the palm up and down with a smile at Morgan. “I can’t disagree with those earthly facts either, Bo. Give me that dagger! Bo needs to…”
“No! I keep the dagger.” She flips a hand with a smile at Dallas. “You go and do your thing with Bo and figure out all the correct set of Latin words. I’ll stand guard as the guardian for the both of us, baby.”
Dallas frowns. “Whatever!” He turns to face Bo and shuffles ahead with the book towards the wall corner, squatting down, shoving the book underneath the dried bloody two nose holes of Bo with a stern face. “Okay. Translate the Latin words for me right here at my finger tips, bro!” He points at the selected sentences and then listens.
Bo releases and surrounds Tina with an angel shield for protection and love. Dallas stares at the sentence inside the old book with a stern face as his mind translates the words. Bo lifts the tied wrist bones and points one bloody finger at the selected sentence with a smile. “This word is teres. The Latin term has many meanings, such as, rounded, polished, smooth, fine, elegant.”
Dallas frowns inside the book, “Teres means to cut much like to cut the glass.”
Morgan whispers with a soft laugh. “Yes! It does. It means much like to cut her skin and make her bleed.”
Dallas frowns. “Shut up, Morgan!”
Bo nods. “Cutting glass damages the product. Glass is created by smoothing. Teres means to smooth, not to cut. The meaning is a really, tricky, dickey Latin translation, Dallas.”
Dallas absorbs the virtual concept within the brain cells while staring at the book. Bo smiles. “You use the dagger to smooth. I would recommend. You need to glide the side of the blade down the scar tissue on the back muscles of Tina, very gently. The gliding method releases a pair of angel wings from a tainted angel, in which, the pair of angel wings are freely floating inside the atmosphere.”
“Why is her pair of angel wings freely floating inside the atmosphere?” Dallas turns and frowns at Bo.
“Her pair of angel wings is freely floating in limbo right now.” Bo smiles with a nod, “If I have correctly translated the Latin words inside that old book.”
Dallas gasps. “Do you mean that the pair of angel wings is up for grabs by any human?”
Bo nods. “Tina’s angel wings are hidden within cyberspace right at the moment from a pair of naked eyeballs of a human and an angel.”
“Get them out of limbo for me, right now, Dallas!” Morgan turns with a smile and advances closer to the naked back spine of Tina.
“Hush, Morgan!” Dallas looks down with a puzzled brow to study the set of weird sentences inside the old book with the translation of Bo’s knowledge.
“Once released, it is a race towards the pair of angel wings which will go only to the winner.” Bo darts the eyeballs at Morgan with a smile.
Morgan lowers the knife down in front of the stomach and stares with a puzzled brow at Bo, spinning around with a smirk, lifting up the dagger above the hair roots with a sneer. “Kill her now! I, the winner, me will get her angel wings first. The Latin word says to kill. I must kill her, so the angel can’t re-possess her set of wings. Retrievee must die.”
“Retrievee must die?” Dallas turns and frowns at the back spine of Morgan. “Where on the planet did you read that weird Latin incantation, Morgan?”
“I read it in here.” Morgan lowers the knife down to the stomach and slowly spins around to face Dallas with a smile, releasing a hand from the dagger, squatting down towards the floor near her handbag. She pulls out a tiny old book from the designer purse next to table and then tosses the book into the air at Dallas. He stands upright from the floor and catches with a single hand, drawing the book into a stern face, flipping to the first page and studies the words on the yellow tinted page. Morgan smiles down at the hair roots of Dallas. “The book is written in the Latin language. The Latin word of secare means to kill. So, I am to kill her.” She pivots around with a growl and lifts up the tip, pointing down at the rear skull of Tina with a hiss. “Kill her!”
Dallas examines the old book with a puzzled brow. “How did you acquire this old manual, Morgan?”
“Tina!” Morgan quickly thrusts the dagger tip up and down with a giggle without touching the naked back spine of Tina.
Dallas looks up with a confused brow to see the rear skull of Tina “Tina, where did you find this old book with the Latin language?”
Tina faces the wall with a gasp. Morgan had robbed Tina twice. First, Morgan stole the angel wings from Tina and stolen book from the local bookstore which was located on top of the nightstand inside Tina’s house. She exhales. “I found…”
Morgan laughs. “She stole it from the local bookstore. She is a thief. I decree as a future angel that this worthless thief deserves the ultimate punishment of death.”
“Morgan, what are you talking about? How do you know that Tina stole this book from the local bookstore which was hidden inside your purse? You finish telling me your story first.” Dallas exhales.
Morgan winks with a smile at Dallas. “O! That story! I stood inside aisle two inside the local bookstore as Tina stood in front of the book stack and then tucked that little book back down into her ratty bag while sneaking out…”
“Why didn’t you stop her, Morgan?” Dallas sneers.
Morgan pouts at Dallas. “O! Why didn’t I stop Tina for stealing that ratty book at the local bookstore?”
He exhales. “No! Your mission was to observe all the motions and movements of Tina, especially inside the bookstore within the location of the rare and valuable books. We all were looking for the angel wing incantations. She stole the information from us. Why didn’t you inform me of that, Morgan?”
Morgan winks at Dallas. “Baby, I forget. I’m so sorry. Everything is okay now, darling! That book doesn’t work. Remember? You were so smart finding the other one, sweetie.”
“That book doesn’t work? Finding the other one? What are you talking about?” Dallas lifts up and holds the book near a worried brow. “Morgan, when and where did the local bookstore that your dad owns buy this particular book?”
Morgan flips a hand into the air with a smile. “It was somewhere, some place, some day, some year. I don’t really recall at the moment.”
Bo grins. “But you didn’t have trouble remembering that book was located within the rare book section. Or that Tina, who is a former angel, without a pair of wings happened to need the data inside that book to recall her pair of wings out from cyberspace or…”
“Or there is else nothing here! Shut up, ya little Earth bound angel monkey!” She smiles at Dallas. “You played his fiddle strings with the right musical tune, baby.”
Dallas turns red colored with embarrassment with a sneer. “Morgan?” In his heart, Morgan had truthfully confessed numerous correct statements, since Dallas had supplied all the information which was needed to trap both Bo and Tina on the planet to execute an ancient Latin ritual of an angel wing removal.
“I do remember that your time is near. I do recall you like this little tainted thing.” She grins at Bo. “I remember that you can’t leave until your vacare is finished, hence you are trapped here in Birmingham with me inside this root cellar right now,” she turns and smiles at the four walls. “Do you know where this little temple stands?”
“We four are located underneath the dirt inside an old root cellar within Five Points Station,” Bo smiles.
“Five Points Station is a place of vile evil, malice curses, witch stake burnings, and malicious counter spells for an evil being to access, to use, and to destroy another innocent being.” Morgan laughs.
“She is muchos, muchos grandee loco, Dallas.” Bo shakes a skull with a chuckle.
“Right! Yes! You and me are trapped here within Five Points Station, without your angel powers, hence I kill you first, Bo.”
“Morgan!” Dallas moves ahead with a sneer and collides into the body of Morgan.
Morgan turns and smiles at Dallas. “Listen, babe! Bo wants to confuse and upset your mighty brain cells, Dallas. We won. We have the power. We have the dagger. The dagger is the power. It is in my hands to do this right. I get her pair of angel wings and all her heavenly angel powers. You get his pair of angel wings and all his heavenly angel powers. What a great team! We will conquer, conquest and control the entire planet, babe.” She laughs. “Earth is our oyster, baby!” She pirouettes around with a smile and moves ahead towards Tina with a laugh, stopping in front of the table, lifting up the dagger and points it down at the rear skull of Tina. Tina wiggles side to side with worry and fear of death, since she is human and will die. Morgan drops down the tip of the dagger with a sneer. “Good ridden, tainted thing!” She hits the invisible angel shield from Bo as both the dagger and her pair of folded fists bounce backwards from the unseen force field. Her fanny lands down onto the dirt with a soft thud and as Morgan looks up with a sour frown and curses at Tina, who is not dead but alive. Morgan stands upright from the dirt with a huff of angry and spins around with a sneer, staring at Bo.
Bo slowly stands upright from the dirt with a wink and a smile at Morgan while preparing for the upcoming fight between him and her. He activates the rest of his angel survival pack.
Dallas sneers. “Morgan!” Morgan dashes ahead towards Bo and clutches the knife above the hair roots and as all the knuckles turns white tinted around the hilt of the dagger. He growls. “Stop, Morgan! Before, you harm Bo. You’re right. The dagger can kill Bo, since he is not in his pure angel state at the moment.”
Morgan stops in place with a growl at Bo. “This is my plan, Dallas, darling,” she slowly moves ahead with a sneer towards Bo.
Dallas slides and protects Bo, who stands inside wall corner with a soft growl at Morgan. Dallas smiles at Morgan. “This is our plan. I use the dagger on Bo. I get his pair of angel wings. You get her pair of angel wings.”
Morgan moves ahead with a sneer towards Dallas. “She’s tainted. I want a set of pure and clean and wholesome angel wings. I want his pair of angel wings. Bo is pure and wholesome like a nature scout.”
“No!” Dallas stands in place and crosses both arms with a sour frown, blocking her advancement towards Bo.
“Out of the way, baby!” She moves ahead with a growl at Dallas.
Dallas continues to stand in place as Morgan advances closer. He lifts both arms over the skull of Morgan and then drops both hands onto her folded fists, using a set of male biceps and halts her advancement towards a wounded and bounded Bo, who now crouches within the wall corner of root cellar. The dagger of Saint Michael requires one cut to any part of the exposed skin which paralyzes a heavenly angel, without leaving a visual or painful mark. Hence, the dagger cut will release the faithful wings on Bo into cyberspace and then float around in limbo with Tina’s missing angel wings.
A second cut with the same dagger, if not properly posed, will terminate the life force any angel including Bo. Then all of the feathers, the skin, the blood, the organ tissue, and pair of eyeballs on Bo would become part of the vast cosmic. Bo has not committed an evil infraction against any human on the planet, thus he would pass a reserved spot within hell.
However, Bo is the best friend, the best pal, the best buddy, and the best brother on the planet and in heaven with Dallas. Thus, the pearly gates of heaven will rust and fall off before Dallas allows Morgan to touch Bo with that killing weapon of destruction. Dallas mouth spits into her face. “Give me the damn dagger, Morgan!”
Morgan tries to yank back both of her fists with the silver tinted dagger from Dallas with a growl. “No!”
Dallas slowly pries open her set of girly fingernails away from the handle of the dagger with a snarl. Morgan screams into the eardrum of Dallas as the free dagger drops down from her open fists. The tip of the dagger falls down towards the cowboy boot of Dallas. He back pedals with a gasp towards Bo when Morgan reaches out with a sneer and grabs onto the shirt, stretching the cotton fabric towards her flying fury and the flying dagger. The weapon hits, impales, and then slices down a perfect straight line on the forehead, through the cheekbone, the jaw line, the collar bone, and finally dig down into the rib cage, plummeting the tip down into the beating heart of Dallas.
The power within the dagger of Saint Michael penetrates any and all known invisible and visible energy and matter within the vast cosmic resulting in death to the recipient as the pumping heart stops and then Dallas dies.
The burning weapon dives down deeper into the upright body of Dallas while tearing and then ripping the stomach, the liver, the spleen, the hip bone and then falls down into the leg while cutting and exposing the naked pelvis bone with other white bones, pink muscle tissues, and broken veins of red blood that jumps into the air and then lands back down onto the dirt.
Morgan squats down onto the dirt and leans forward to catch the dagger as the silky tip sears the palm slicing a vertical wound through the hand meat and then trails straight down into the aortic cardiovascular vein of the leg. Dead Dallas tumbles sideways and falls down onto the dirt with a soft thud. Morgan sits back down on the butthole with a scream of horror and reaches down, clutching the bleeding leg with one hand, where the tip of the dagger protrudes down out into the meat of her leg as her bright red colored blood arches beautifully in height up and then lands down over her hands, the leg, her designer clothes, and the dagger. She reaches out with a shaky hand and latches onto the handle of the dagger with a loud hiss.
Inside the wall corner of the root cellar, Bo uses a touch of angel magic ripping off the twin set of steel ropes around both the wrist bones and the ankle bones, swiftly standing upright from the dirt with a growl, racing ahead with a rear fist behind the collar bone, punching down at the cheekbone of Morgan. She releases the wound leg with one hand and continues to grip the handle of the dagger with the other hand while wobbling side to side on top of the floor into an unconsciousness state of an upcoming death coming from the severed blood vein on the wounded leg.
Bo squats down and grabs the teen human female from the floor, swiftly lifting up Morgan into both arms. She continues to grip the dagger of Saint Michael in one hand. He runs towards the stone table that holds Tina with a worried brow. “Hold on, Tina! Don’t move your body off the stone table!” He stops and stands behind the exposed back spine of Tina, shifting Morgan into one arm with a touch of angel strength. He reached over and grabs the wrist bone of Morgan, gently dropping and glides the bloody hand of Morgan with the dagger towards one of the black tinted skin fusion on the back spine of Tina.
Tina screams in pain as the wound swiftly closes shut, revealing a patch of smooth peachy-pale healed skin. He repeats the same procedure for a second time against the second black tinted skin fusion on the back spine of Tina as she yells in pain and suffering while the wound heals into a second patch of peachy-pale skin. He jerks the hand of Morgan away from the healed back spine of Tina and shuffles away from the body with a worried brow after finishing the task. Then, he tosses a wounded Morgan back down into the dry dirt with a sneer at the selfish human. The dagger of Saint Michael magically disappears from the hand of Morgan.
Morgan rests in stillness of live and grunts of searing pain on top of the dirt as her red tinted blood proteins spill onto the dirt blending into the soil
Tina slowly slides off the stone table and slowly stands upright, gagging and coughing in pain. He turns and stares at Tina. “Tina!” Bo slowly advances forward and extends both arms with a smile towards Tina.
Tina slowly slides off the stone table and slowly stands upright, gagging and coughing in pain.
“No! Stay away! I feel sick,” she bends down at the waistline with a rough cough. “I’m going to hurl out my guts. Get away from me, Bo!” Bo stops with a worried brow. She doubles over in pain, crying with a set of wet tears of agony, staring down at the red dirt, wrapping both arms the stomach. Then she coughs out loud and mouth spits up drool from the tongue, vomiting a set of neon green tinted chewed up food items from the stomach and the two nose holes, falling on top of the dirt. Then she growls with pain and finally performs a soft hiccup, hearing a soft pop.
A set of twenty-two feet pair of wing appears in full expansion on the back spine of Tina. The edges of each wing is painted and outlined in bright hot pink, then purplish mauve, deep wine hue that compliments her peachy-pale skin.
Bo swiftly rushes ahead and stops, sweeping Tina from the dirt and into the air, landing her in front of his smile. She wears a purple bruise on the forehead, a set of tiny neon green tinted puke vomit particles on both lips, and a series of red blood blots on the nose. “You are so beautiful, angel,” he smiles into her dirty face but does not kiss the tiny set of green vomit particles on her lips, after she bathes.
Tina looks back over a collar bone with a puzzled brow to see the wings. “I have my wings back onto my back spine.”
Bo smiles at her wings. “One, two. All wings are present and accounted for Miss Angel,” then his body shimmers out and in like a ghost.
Tina turns and screams at the body of Bo. “What is…what’s happening to your physical human body, Bo? You’re glowing off and on like a bad light bulb.”
Bo grins. “Central is calling.”
“O no! Why are you fading away from me at this moment? You can’t fade away from me right now. I want you to stay with me here on the planet” She gasps.
“My angel body is phasing. And you are all healed but weak from that nasty removal and restore angel wing ritual. Hold onto me, angel! We are leaving the planet right now.”
Tina turns and stares down at the numerous bloody body parts of dead Dallas. “What about Dallas?”
Bo turns and exhales at the dead body of Dallas. “I can’t help him anymore.”
“What about Morgan?” Tina turns and stares at the dead body of Morgan.
Bo exhales. “She is not my problem either.” The air echoes with a loud pop, where his pair of angel wings has expanded into a set of twenty-five feet of white feathers that is outlined in the color of sky blue, then bright electric blue, and finally dark blue.
“Your wings are so beautiful.” Tina looks at his wings with a smile of tiny neon puke green vomit particles crinkling into her lips. 
Bo turns and gags at the side wall of dirt, clearing a throat, saying to the same wall of dirt. “I am not as beautiful as you, angel.” He smiles. She giggles. Then, they both phase totally into nothingness over the red dirt in the root cellar within the city of Birmingham, angel flashing back home into heaven.
Home of the Angels
Heaven, an infinity of space and time

Lounge room setting
White clouds floor

Within the infinity of time, inside the space of heaven, there is an array of loud musical and off-key harps coming from each new graceling and numerous living souls, who float around the top of the clouds, showing off a new glowing white tinted head halo.
Bo and Tina rest inside one of the many lounge spaces on top of a white tinted loveseat for two people while overlapping all the fingers, arms, legs, wings, and the rest of the body parts as they grin with a set of smiles and chuckles into each other’s face.
Dallas sits on the opposite side inside an oversized sitting chair, staring with a smile at love birds Bo and Tina. “So, you saw…”
“I see everything, man.” Bo winks with a smile at Tina.
“You returned back down to the planet and helped me out. I am very grateful and appreciative, Bo.” Dallas nods with a grin at the back spine of Bo.
“I returned back down to the planet surface to help both you and Tina.” Bo leans over and kisses her lips as Tina giggles.
Dallas gasps at the back spine of Bo. “You knew that…”
Bo swiftly floats up into the air and slowly twirls sideways within the cuddle of Tina in the air, landing back down on top of the sofa to see Dallas while shaking a skull with a worried brow. “I didn’t know who had used Michael’s dagger to touch the physical body of angel Tina.”
“Why not, bro?”
Bo exhales. “The dagger contained the finger prints of your hands and the hands of Morgan on the hilt. I just didn’t know the truth.”
“So, that was your reason for an angel shield around me inside the root cellar with Morgan, Bo.” She frowns.
Bo leans down and kisses her forehead, pulling back with a smile to see Tina. “My shield range was for your protection from a poco loco Morgan.”
Dallas exhales at each face. “Morgan is finally serving her time with Satan for eternity.”
Bo smirks at Dallas. “Yeah! She finally got her wings.”
She gasps. “Morgan, now, possesses a pair of wings.”
Bo laughs. “Down there in fiery hell, a nasty demon is given a pair of bright red colored wings for being bad, very bad.”
“Well, her new pair of demon wings will match all of her red tinted manicured fingernails.” Tina smiles.
“You’re so right, angel,” Bo leans down and kisses her cheekbone.
“Thank you!” She smiles.
“And you are so perfect, angel.” He leaned down and kisses her lips, smiling seductively.
Dallas lifts both arms into the air with a sour frown. “Time out for a few second, love birds! Back to all my questions, bro!”
Bo looks with a smile at Dallas. “Do you have more questions, Dallas?”
“You didn’t know who touched the dagger.” Dallas annoys.
Bo smirks. “The dagger is a very special tool. Did you see it shimmy from black hue into silver tint when Morgan touched one of the nasty-looking black tinted skin fusions that were located onto the back spine of Tina?”
She frowns. “That was painful.”
Dallas frowns at Bo. “Yes,” he turns and frowns at Tina. “And yes.”
Bo nods. “The being of the dagger is the owner. The owner can wand its magic to any other being, such as, an animal, a human, an angel, a demon, other…”
“Are there really ‘other’ others, Bo?” She laughs.
“The ‘other’ others are aliens.” Bo chuckles.
“Do you really mean a planet of outer space aliens, Bo?” She frowns.
“I’m proud of you, bro! You have been studying, Bo.” Dallas smiles.
“I have advanced, man.” Bo grins. “And I had to witness the true owner of the dagger of Saint Michael.”
“Morgan claimed the title, when she touched my back,” she nods.
Bo nods with a smile. “Right-o! I felt inside my heart that Dallas could be saved and turned back into an angel. Even though, he did steal the dagger from the overcrowded weapons stores that is owned exclusive by Archangel Michael. Uh! By the way, you’re going to get really reprimanded for that stupid asinine act from Central, Dallas.”
“I’ll get reprimanded with a series of soft musical harp lessons. Am I right, Bo? Dang! I really hate with deep caring passion harp lessons. I find harps and harp lessons worse than a six-inched pick axe tip wound into my fleshy chest.” Dallas shakes the bangs with a sour frown.
“That's a probably a loud yeah! And maybe, you might have to teach the cherubs some musical scales for a while.” Bo chuckles. Dallas curses. All baby angels at age of three celestial years old learn a set of music notes and octave scales as each music instructor endures an array of ear piercing pain, heart wrenching sorrow, blackboard scratching nerve ending until the next angel rotation duty.
Tina puzzles. “So, you figured out that Morgan owned the dagger. How did the right book …”
“....just appear in the hands of Dallas?” Bo laughs.
“Tina had discovered the written passage of a small carbon radiated fragment inside the Book of Jubilees which was located inside the cave on Mount Athos within the country of Greece that allows only entrance of a male over the age of eighteen. So, I snapped a pic into the cell phone  memory chips and then flashed it and me back here to Birmingham.”
“You tricked me.” Tina gasps. Dallas chuckles.
Bo leans down and kisses her lips, pulling back with a smile. “I treated you from being tricked by vile human girl Morgan and my evil angel-brother over there.”
“It seems to me that heaven tricked all of us.” Dallas nosily slurps down the sweet grape juice with a wrinkle nose, dropping the bottle, closing the lid, since the bottle is not a cold bottle of beer, but he will survive from all his nasty bad habits from the planet, where he had lived as a human.
“Heaven tricks all of us too.” Bo smiles with a nod to Tina and Dallas.
“Ah! It was a heavenly test.” She smiles.
Bo smiles. “It was my test and your test and his test. Yes. Tests are part of being an angel in heaven and a human on the planet.”
Dallas slaps a chest with a wink. “I passed. You passed. She passed. We all passed.”
“Yes! We tested and then passed.” Bo chuckles with Dallas.
Dallas frowns. “You planted the right book inside the private library of Mr. Fleming for Tina to accidentally find. So simple! I would have never suspected that book was newly placed on the shelf, since Mr. Fleming collected old, new, and rare literature of every type of ancient world history for decades and decades and decades...”
“Let us not forget! It was coupled with the fact that you didn’t study.” Bo smiles.
“That’s about to change right now!” Dallas nods with a grin.
“See? He is sucking up to us by voicing each sentence with the former and proper title of Mr. Fleming, instead of old man.” Bo chuckles.
“Yeah!” She nods to Dallas.
Dallas exhales. “So, you were playing out the role of an unknown angel detective.”
Bo nods with a grin. “I was playing the role of a matchmaker. I hoped that you and Tina would become friends first and then…”
“We became friends first instead,” she reaches out and pats the hand of Bo.
Dallas winks at Tina and then Bo with a laugh. “Both of you became very good friends! I do recall with interest and…”
“Tina and I were fated from the beginning.” Bo nods with a smile.
Dallas gasps. “How do you know that ya’ll were fated to be together, Bo?”
“Heaven knows everything, Dallas.” Bo grins.
Dallas shakes the bangs with a sour frown. “Yeah! I shall remember that.”
“You shall learn that, Dallas.” Bo laughs.
Dallas slaps his temple with a nod and a laugh. “Stored. Filed. Beep.” Tina and Bo chuckle with amusement.
She frowns. “I’m still confused about some of the steps in your angel detective work, Bo. Dallas stole the dagger. Morgan used the dagger. The dagger cut off my pair of angel wings. However, that tiny book that the human father of dead human girl Morgan had purchased did not contain any of the real Latin ancient incantations and spells. Where did all that data inside the wrong book come from?”
“Dallas knows.” Bo points at his angel-brother.
“No!” Dallas shakes the bangs with a sour frown.
“Confession time, man!” Bo nods with a smile.
“No.” Dallas continues to shake the bangs with a sour frown.
Bo exhales with a stern face. “Dallas, we are lounging one thousand hundred feet from Central. Don’t lie. Spill the beans, bro!” Tina giggles.
Dallas exhales with a worried brow. “Yeah! I shall confess it all into the open. I had plotted to take your pair of pure and wholesome angel wings, Bo. Sadly! I wanted you to live on the planet but very happily. I had prepared the money inheritance of my adoptive father Mr. Elmo Fleming in your name with success.”
Bo jabs a finger at Dallas with a smile. “Ah! All right! Finally, man! You were obviously and obnoxiously and overly obsessiveness with all that inheritance money and then graduating as a silly human teen from a human high school. There was a sub-plot within the main plot. I just couldn’t finger it, buddy,” laughing.
Dallas exhales with a stern face. “Bo, I had wanted you to be well cared for and I had arranged for Tina and you to meet also as more than good friends too. I knew about her post tainted angel condition while living on the planet. I had wanted her happy and you happy all at the same time. Both of you might have been very happy together as a pair of silly human teens on the planet.”
“Ah! All right! Dallas has tattled the real plot of the first true angel novel,” she frowns.
“Very good, Dallas! Confession is always great for the soul of a human and an angel,” Bo exhales with a stern face and a nod to Tina and Dallas. “Now, I wanna confess something too. I had plotted to return back your pair of stolen angel wings, Tina. I had returned back down on the planet to arrange for you and Tina to meet as well, Dallas.” Dallas laughs with a nod.
She gasps. “Then Miss Bertha was…”
“No! She was not part of the true angel novel. Miss Bertha was a true minor side character of real life,” Dallas nods with a stern face.
“Correction! Miss Bertha was a weirdo side character of real life on the planet.” Bo shakes a skull with a stern face.
She smiles. “Ah! All right! The real plot thickens.”
Dallas exhales. “I thought that I had wanted to be happy with human girl Morgan for the rest of my human life.”
Bo nods. “You might not know this, Tina. Only a human female can acquire a pair of female angel wings using the dagger of Saint Michael. Dallas did possess that angel knowledge for his selfish advantage over a simple human teen girl.”
“How did you know that I was coming down to the planet?” She frowns at Dallas.
Dallas exhales. “I had lived as a homeless bum on the city streets of Birmingham for years, decades, and decades, Tina. I listened. I watched. I learned. The farm house up the road from Mr. Fleming’s farm house had planned to deliver a baby by a mid-wife. The baby was a little girl.” 
Tina gasps. “I am a female guardian angel, who is only assigned to a female human infant. I was assigned to the newly delivered infant baby girl, that night. So, I was a random choice of Dallas’ wing removal ritual plot.”
Dallas nods. “Yes. I'm so sorry, Tina. You worked very well into my evil plan, too perfectly. I waited and watched for your landing down on the grassy meadow near the old red barn on the edge of Five Points Station for your first contact with the new baby girl.”
“What is a first contact concept?” She frowns.
“As a new guardian angel, you are required a first contact to witness the birth of the new human infant.” Dallas smiles. “I completely recalled your first angel arrival on the ground with my useless hindsight. Why did you swoop down from heaven and land on the planet surface all alone? Where was your escort pair of seraphs?”
“I can elaborate here present and back then, Tina.” Bo smiles.
She reaches out and slaps his hand with a stern face. “Bo!”
Bo nods. “It was all my angel doing. I’m afraid. I watched Dallas all those long, long years struggle and survive, alone and alive. And then, I had learned of your evil plot as a silly human, Dallas.” He laughs. “Then I arranged for innocent guardian angel Tina to tap down there on the planet surface all alone and scare, so you could strike at her.”
She gasps. “How did your plan backfire, Bo?”
“Morgan.” Dallas frowns. “She went hopping toady-frog-crazy with bloodlust. She wanted to kill you, Tina. She didn’t wanna hear about the tainted condition or the wing removal ritual or anything from my lips.”
She exhales with sadness. “I struggled…”
“Yes.” Dallas nods. “We both were stranded there on top of the planet surface. I am so sorry, Tina. I was searching through all the available ancient Latin texts as well...”
“…without success,” Bo nods with a smile. “When Mr. Fleming passed, I was allowed to return back to the same city on the planet and save both of ya’ll. Morgan was the key here. We couldn’t step forward without her re-activating the dagger twice.”
Dallas shakes the bangs. “I didn’t understand the awesome power of the dagger or the purpose or the action or the consequences that would affect each one of us.”
“I researched all the Latin texts for hours, days, weeks, and months inside that chair, within Mellon Bookstore, until I had found...”
“…that book with all the words, where Morgan had wrote inside that book at Mellon Bookstore. She had faked all the words inside that book while leaving a trail for you, Tina. We couldn’t find you after…”
“I’ll take it from here, Dallas.” Bo smiles. “Dallas saved your life on that clear and hot sizzling starry night inside the root cellar, Tina. He knocked Morgan unconscious, carrying that evil human girl out to the car, while you escaped with your new human life force. Morgan was readying to stab the dagger down into your newly acquired flesh and blood human body.”
She gasps with alarm. “I would have died back then two years ago. Then, I would have become nothingness. Thank you, Dallas!”
Bo smiles. “Morgan and Dallas both lost track of your person, but I never did as an angel. I had to wait though until my job had terminated, then I had became free to facilitate the new angel novel with a happy ending.”
“Both of you were watching over me the entire time, so I also have a pair of guardian angels. I’m a lucky, girl,” she smiles.
Bo nods with a grin. “I must admit here. I was very concerned about your indecisiveness with that book, Dallas.”
She frowns. “How did you know which ancient Latin book was the correct one, Dallas?”
Dallas snorts. “Morgan wrote down a set of crap sentences inside her fake ancient tiny book that came from the bookstore which read like this: Retrievee loses wings. Retriever gets wings.”
Bo snorts. “Where did those nonsense sentences come from?”
She smiles. “Me!”
Bo gasps. “What?”
Dallas laughs. “Now, I’m confused.”
She nods. “I had to read and write down all the data coming from each book inside the bookstore, so I had copied down all of the pretend make-up incantations from Morgan in my research work papers. And then, Bo had read them too, thinking it was the right ones too.”
“Naw! Did I? I don’t think so.” Bo laughs.
“Bo was not fooled by me or you or Morgan or these silly books.” Dallas laughs.
She smiles. “I didn’t realize that Morgan had such creative writing abilities.”
Bo smiles with a nod. “I thought all that written stuff came from a spaced out joint-smoking hippie from 1960s. Morgan fooled me also.”
“Morgan didn’t fool you, Dallas.” Tina turns and winks at Dallas.
“Because Bo had fooled me by planting the real Latin texts from Mount Athos on the top of the dining room table inside that old worn book among the open notebooks of hand scribbled notes. Then yesterday evening, I realized just how dangerous and deadly the black tinted dagger of Saint Michael was to all of us including angels, humans, and animals.”
Tina turns and winks at Bo. “Why is Dallas an angel, Bo?”
Dallas growls at Tina. “Excuse me, doll!”
Bo laughs. “Dallas stumbled his way back into the path of bright goody light by saving you, the first time. He just needed someone to jerk his butthole back onto the rightly and brightly lit track of good, a few times, before he got the big wonderful pic of the universe.” He chuckles with Tina. Dallas rolls both eyeballs and then looks at Bo with a nod.
She smiles. “Then, Dallas had saved me and Bo more than once. I am very grateful and appreciative, too, Dallas.”
“I’m just relieved. I invested a lot of time and energy in you, man.” Bo wipes the pretend sweaty brow with a smile, slapping the hand onto the leg with a laugh.
Dallas slaps the chest with a growl. “I’m an angel, not a man. Get a new reference right, bro!”
“How about, a boy?” She giggles.
Bo laughs. “Good one, my angel! Dallas is a little boy angel.”
“He is little boy blue to match his pair of baby blue wings,” she giggles at the wing color on Dallas, since an young angel male wears a tiny pair of pale blue, where a young female angel receives a pair of pink wings.
Dallas reaches up and flicks the edge of the pale blue wing with a smile and a wink at Bo. “I’m keeping them, bro! And to clarify my human role down on the planet, I was the real man, who was the real matchmaker of Bo and Tina back there.”
Bo smiles. “You can’t argue with love,” he reaches over to kiss her face. Tina swiftly stands upright from Bo and the sofa with a smile. Bo swiftly stands upright with her with a worried brow while holding her hand. “Where you are going, my angel?”
She smiles. “I’m going to give Dallas a hug and a kiss for making us match, Bo.” Dallas swiftly stands with a wicked grin and extends both arms for a hug as the pair of pale blue wings bounce up and down in the air.
Bo does not move and continues to hug on Tina, saying with a stern face at Dallas. “Well, I guess you can hug him, only once and very briefly. No kissing on my good angel by that no-good angel-boy! Go and get your own angel girl, Dallas!”
An invisible face with a deep baritone voice shouts out loud in the far distance which echoes into the lounge room. “Harp lessons, Dallas!”
Dallas turns away from Bo and Tina with a sour frown and strongly curses out loud, dashing towards the next cloud for his eternal reprimand.
Bo and Tina continues to hug while chuckling at silly Dallas, who is a faithful angel foreverly now.
CHAPTER THREE



Cast of Characters:


Human teens:
Ashley “Ash” Francis Sain, student
Drayton “Drake” Hatem, student
Joseph “Josh” Lavas, student
Lissa Landers, student


Teen angels:
Mella, destroyer angel
Petunia, guardian angel
Story location:

One of the twenty-six independent suburban cities is called Homewood.
The city of Homewood is located below Red Mountain with a population of 25,615 individuals.
The earliest pioneers started to come in the 1800s. In the year 1873, the people suffered a cholera epidemic which stopped the growth of Homewood communities.
In the year 1926, architect George P. Turner designed fashionable residential home in Spanish Colonial and English Tudor style Revival architecture that attracted Birmingham residents to live and play in the new city of Homewood.
During the Great Depression, a polio epidemic sickened eighty children and damaged the city's economy, once again.
After the outbreak of World War II, the steel industry boomed which contributed to the war effect making the city grow with jobs and employees.
The town of Homewood was incorporated in January 14, 1927. The city has a total area of 8.3 square miles, all land and lies atop of iron ore, coal, and limestone deposits.


Story plot:
Jake is a billionaire teen and a high school senior. He plays quarterback on the Homewood High School football team and dates the sexy, beautiful Lissa, who twirls the baton on the majorette squad.
His days are spent at school socializing with his childhood friends, Ash and Josh. His nights are spend alone without the company of either biological parent, but that is about to change.
On Planet Earth, nine solar sun days later...

Friday, November 1st


City of Homewood within the US State of Alabama
   (three miles, south, from metro city Birmingham)

Homewood High School
Hallway of student lockers setting

Hot temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunshine 
07:58 am


Slap!
Lissa jerks her hand back from his face while leaving an embedded imprint of red tint on his cheekbone. The other two alpha males from the teen trio roar with laughter. She turns and eye pins a nasty fridge glance at the laughing two teen males standing in front of the scruffy beige side wall which is located on the opposite side of a line row of red colored student lockers. This is the best feature on the ice princess with a pair of icy aqua tinted irises coming from an angry reincarnated babe warrior of ancient Greek. Or maybe, it is the introduction of the modern day social princess Lissa. The two alpha males of the teen trio again continue to roar with more laughter. She turns and stares at her boyfriend Drake while arching a golden honey eyebrow, pouting a pair of red tinted lipstick-painted lips together with a lady sneer. “I am done with you, Drayton. You’ve burnt my dry toast for the last time.”
“She means to say that you burnt her asset for the last time.” the best friend of Drayton, seventeen year old Josh laughs, slapping his elbow into the third member of the trio, Ash.
“Chill, dog! I can’t hear the domestic violence thread from the pouted lips of the ice princess towards the warrior king.” Ash laughs again with Josh.
Drake narrows the eyelids and slices both slits to the side wall at his two pre-kindergarten pals with a sneer as the two friends softly chuckle for respect. He turns and smiles at his girlfriend. “Lissa, please try to be a little understanding here. I was assisting her with …”
“… vertical mouth to mouth resuscitation,” she crosses both of her arms and wears a sour frown with a lady sneer at her current boyfriend Drayton.
“So, what could be a horizontal mouth to mouth resuscitation?” Ash elbows Josh with more laughter.
Josh strokes a jaw line of dusty blonde whiskers with one hand and a raised eyebrow. “Maybe, if you play dumb here, then Lissa will explain both a horizontal mouth to mouth resuscitation. And if we get lucky, then we get to see a real live demonstration, to boot,” he elbows and laughs with his childhood friend and high school buddy Ash.
“Lissa!” Drake extends both of his arms towards her upright body and wears a smile without touching her body while trying to defense his actions.
“I am, now, forever gone from you, Drake,” she gracefully pirouettes away from her former boyfriend Drake while literally marching with her two kneecaps in the air on a pair of four-inched fashion summer sandaled heels, swinging an arm back and forth with the proper body cadence. Lissa is a head majorette for the Homewood Hummingbirds Marching Band, since her short life rotates around the twirling baton. A majorette twirling baton is a light weight hollow steel pipe which is thirty six inches long and 1.5 centimeters thick with a set of two weighted balls on each end of the long smooth pipe for total of ten ounces of twirl, swirl, and hurl excitement.
Josh points at the back spine on Lissa with a smile. “Wow! She is foreverly and everly plus one day and more days going to leave here and go beyond all the brightly lit outer space stars! Have a nice trip! And bye-bye, Lissa, Wissa!” He and Ash laugh and continue to point at Lissa.
The bell loudly rings as each student body accidentally crashes into each other. Each metal locker nosily slams shut. Three seventeen year old males teen Drayton Hatem, Ashley Francis Sain, and Joseph Lavas slowly strut in a straight row down a crowded hall towards the first period Latin classroom.
“Lissa, Wissa!” Ash spins around and turns to view the nose profile of Josh, laughing out loud, slowly strutting between Josh and Drake towards the first period classroom. “I can audioize a couple of more creative words than wissa, such like, witcha and bitcha and …”
“Forget it, man!” Josh views and winks at the cute female with a smile, returning back to see the crowded hallway. “Lissa, Wissa, that ain’t worth a room of detention or harassment charges on my butthole. Her dad is the police captain of the Homewood police force and carries around a great big gun for fun and stuff,” he chuckles with Drake.
Drake stares with a grin at each student. “That gun is for protection of all the Homewood citizens and not for fun and a death threat, Josh. Get real! And don’t tease Ash! He believes your make-up story tale.” Drake is the captain of the football team, possessing a six feet and six inches body frame, a tone of tawny tinted skin, a head of short curly black colored hair, a heart-shaped face with an aristocratic nose and a set of high chiseled cheekbones, and a pair of almond-shaped brown eye sockets. He enters the classroom first.
The classroom is rectangular shaped with a side wall of viewing glass semi-clean windows, where numerous array of happy beams of yellow sunlight and piles of thick pillows of white fluffy clouds observe each occupied round table with a group of three or four high school students. Each student actively participates and interchanges a set of new and old Latin words, sentences, and conversation.

At 08:01am for the first academic course inside the Latin classroom setting, in front of the bright orange colored metal teacher desk, the Latin teacher Mr. Demuth smiles at each student face. “I have great news!” He is the permanent American History school teacher and the temporary instructor for the twelfth grade Latin Studies program but can’t willingly or technically speak, understand, or write a single word of Latin before, during, or after the class time.


Two months ago, during the summertime day, in the month of July, the true Latin teacher had purchased a single ticket by crossing the Alabama state line and entered into the tiny horse town of Pulaski within the US State of Tennessee.
 The Latin teacher had won the money lottery which had been valued before the US Federal withdrawal taxes at four million dollars.
Then she had retired from her academic career foreverly.


Present day, inside the Latin classroom, Mr. Demuth had replaced the lucky lottery winner for the third month, within the new school year, without the promise of a new hired teacher. He starts every day with the two same words: great news.
Then, he finishes the practiced short speech and vanishes for the rest of the academic time period while drinking a cup of gourmet coffee, eating a couple of sugary donuts as he hides inside the teacher lounge, enjoying the latest non-religious semi-cult mystery fiction novel for forty-nine minutes  and eight seconds. The Latin class contains eighteen students who will attain the letter grade of A for the fall semester on their electronic report card as long as each student is quiet, obedient, and holds the secret of Demuth inside one brain cell and off a forked tongue.
Demuth continues to smile at the room full of students. “Great news! Each one of my students is so smart that I don’t need to teach the subject of Latin. Please practice with one or more your fellow mates, if you choose to greatly desire too. Please excuse me today! I have a very important meeting,” he back steps from the empty teacher desk and side steps with a grin, moving ahead, abandoning the class, the classroom, and the class course for the open door.
Drake turns and smiles at each one of his childhood friends, “What about the upcoming homecoming dance now?”
Ash sits backwards in the wooden chair as the seat faces an empty teacher desk, straddling the seat with both legs like he is mounting the saddle on top of his favorite stallion, crossing both biceps on the top of the arm rest with a smile at Drake. “Don’t sweat ant hills! We’re here for you, buddy. And we’ll line you up a hot babe, bro.”
“Every hot babe has been booked, since the Fourth of July, Ash.” Drake exhales with a worried brow and shakes the shoulder length black colored hair, looking down at each independent knife scratch on top of the wooden table surface, feeling a set of mixed emotional thoughts with his ex-girlfriend Lissa, the annual homecoming dance, and his dad.
“Not every hot babe is booked!” Josh appears and slides down into a chair, placing the six-pack of cold cans in the middle the group table.
Drake reaches out for one of the dark colored beverages and draws it into the chest. Ash grabs the light colored soda and studies the yellow liquid with a sour frown.
One year ago, sixteen-year-old high school Drayton Hatem had become a billionaire teenager when his precious mother had passed into sweet heaven after losing the fight with all the cancer cells. All her land property and financial assets was inherited by her only child as the sole benefactor within her Last Will and Testimony, a legal bound document.
The legal document had been presented to Drake, after her death inside their living room setting. After all legal dust settled, the father of Drake had started a mid-life journey of touring every major city within the world while leaving his only child with a garrison of military trained nannies, maids, servants, cooks, gardeners, and pretty much a gang of strangers to care for his only flesh and blood relative in the safe and secured confine and boundary of the great State of Alabama in the awesome United States of America.
Drake wasn’t overly upset about the major decision of his father, who had vacated his son and his hometown of Homewood. His father was never at home and traveled extensively for most of his fatherhood days and nights while building a big bad empire.
His father’s business empire is one of the most reliable security guard companies within the world. To do that, the dad of Drake is required to see, entertain, and visit each one of his wealthy and pretty clients, who pays millions of dollars in protection for themselves and their precious family members.
After Drake had received his massive inheritance, he decided to help by upgrading all the physical facilities at Homewood High School.
Drake lives half his short life during the mornings stuffing down a plate of buttered biscuits over the hog sausage until then end of the evening football practice, slurping down a plate of hot spaghetti.
The group of accountants and lawyers had represented an anonymous wealthy donor, who had legally purchased all the new furniture pieces, piles of electronic textbooks, rows of new blue colored metal lockers, and each blue and white uniform for the marching band, the awesome football team, baseball team, basketball team, track team and all the other sports programs.
There is a newly constructed library, science laboratory, computer laboratory, and gymnasium which are all located inside a new school stadium plus rows of new classroom buildings and finally a resurfaced teacher and student asphalt paved automobile parking lot.
Each new and ancient teacher had received a money bonus and a pay hike based on the teacher’s years of dedicated and devoted service and long-standing patience with each one of their rude, obnoxious, and nasty high schooler. Now, each student and teacher is very happy starting the new school year in the month of August at Homewood High School.
Inside each school classroom, a small kitchenette stands in the wall corner displaying a wash sink and a faucet of running water, one microwave oven, and a small-sized refrigerator that had been filled with an assortment of cool beverages. Each counter top displays numerous trays of healthy and fresh snack foods for those important think-tank academic school sessions.
Inside the Latin class room, at the wooden table, Ash moans down at the glass bottle. “I wanna a dark colored soda.” 
Josh shakes his blonde buzz cut and reaches over, swapping the light colored soda from Ash for the dark colored beverage. “Thank you, kindly!” Ash drinks the liquid within three gulps into an open mouth.
“He has table manners, if not rudely, obnoxiously bad.” Drake chuckles at his high school friend.
Ash slaps the glass bottle back down onto the table surface with a smile. “Me!”
Josh nosily slurps the light colored soda and then burps out loud in a set of pronunciation sounds like the alphabetic letters of A, B, and C. “Yes! You, dumbo, with a pair of big flapping earlobes, you need the services of an otolaryngologist, bro,” he chuckles and then sips swallowing the rest of the sofa with a smile at Ash.
“Naw! That’s a doc that cleans the funky yellow wax out of your ears, when you don’t wash but once a week like my coon dog, Josh.” Ash sips and swallows the rest of the beverage, dropping the bottle down with a grin.
“Josh means you need a plastic surgeon to clip your two dumbo ears, Ash, not an ENT, which is an ear, nose and throat physician,” Drake smiles.
A female classmate, inside the Latin classroom, coming from the first wooden table near the open archway approaches Drake from his left. Nina stops and slides a single small item down onto the top of the table with a smile towards Drake, “A hand written note, your majesty!”
“Thanks, Nina!” Drake turns with a nod to see open doorway.
Josh turns with a smile to see the open archway too. “Bad news travels faster than sunlight.”
“Good news for Drake!” Ash turns with a smile to see the open archway as well.
Inside the open archway, Tammy displays a tall and skinny body type possessing a set of colored teeth braces, a head of long auburn tinted hair with a set of straight bangs across the wide forehead with a goofy smile at Drake.
Drake lifts a tiny pink tinted paper note near his fake grin with a silence nod to Tammy. She back steps from the open archway and drifts back down the hallway into her assigned classroom.
Josh returns back and finishes his soda, burping out loud three times in a row. “Whatever! Is your dad coming to the annual homecoming dance, next Friday night, after the football game, Drake?”
“No.” Drake returns back and views the paper note, dropping the item down into his jean’s pocket. Then he twirls the empty soda bottle between his two cupped hands.
“When is your dad coming back home, Drake?” Ash racks the finger pads across the back rest of the chair while holding the soda bottle in the other hand, staring at the black colored hair roots on Drake.
“Where is your father located today?” Josh continues a series of disgustingly burps as Ash chuckles after the showcase performance.
“He is with some blonde or brunette on the sea coast of Spain, Sweden, or Suez Canal.” Drake places the empty bottle upright on the table and stares down at each tiny knife prick hole through the wooden surface.
“Where is the Suez Canal?” Josh reaches over and pulls the manual Latin textbook and a physical pad of paper in front of his chest, opening the book to page thirty-seven.
“You have another note, Your Highness.” Nina returns back with a smile to his table and slides over a yellow tinted paper note over the flat surface, back stepping and moves back to her seat.
“Thanks, Nina!” Drake looks up and nods at the open archway for a second time.
“The Suez Canal is located in the country of Egypt.” Ash turns with a smile to see the archway also.
Sherry is a petite girl with a head of short black colored hair, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of colorful aquamarine tinted eyes. She hid one-half of her body behind the wooden frame on the partially closed doorway inside the Latin classroom. She swiftly twirls the fingers with a hello to Drake. He holds up a yellow colored butterfly-shaped paper note near his fakes smile with a nod in silence to Sherry. She slides backwards and disappears from the archway into the empty hallway.
“Pretty certain! She’ll be promenading with Garth in four days at the annual homecoming dance.” Ash returns back and nods to Drake.
“Pretty certain! I’ll be sporting a black eye for four days, including the homecoming dance.” Drake returns and stores the second note with the first one down inside his jeans’ pocket, where it will be discharged privately inside his home’s trashcan in the kitchen.
“I thought the Suez Canal was located within the country of Africa.” Josh flips through several pages inside the Latin textbook and stops, jolting down some words with the ink pen inside the notebook.
Ash turns and views the buzz cut on Josh. “The Suez Canal is an artificial waterway within the country of Egypt that connects the Mediterranean Sea with the Red Sea which earns the nickname ‘Highway to India.’ The Suez opened in the month of November within the year of 1869 which allowed shipment transportation between the countries of Europe and Asia, without the navigation headache around the longitude country of Africa …”
Bummer!” Josh continues to flip pages through the textbook with a sour frown, “Too bad, you can’t travel with your dad to all those different countries.”
Drake reaches out and encircles a finger around the table surface with a stern face. “I’m in the way there. He is always in a meeting or a committee or …”
“An acquaintance!” Ash laughs out loud.
“Yip! That’s a good way to put it, Ash.” Drake stares with a smirk down at the table wood.
“He didn’t become a billionaire by sitting on his duff, Drake.” Ash frowns.
“Yup! That’s a good way to put it, Ash.” Drake continues to stare with a puff of boredom down at table wood.
“Cheer up, Drake! We’ll find you a hot date for the homecoming dance.” Ash turns and scans each wooden table inside the same classroom, where a pretty girl sits and chats with another female.
“Yip! That’s a good way to put it, Ash!” Drake continues to stare with a stern face down at the table wood.
“Are you hooked on Lissa for the dance?” Josh scratches his nose bridge and then continues to flip through the pages inside the manual textbook for the new word.
Drake frowns, “Naw. She is just comfortable for my emotions and neurons. She tells me what to do.” He exhales with frustration. “Then I do it.” He looks up and stares a soda bottle collection and grabs a light colored soda, popping off the lid with his good finger dexterity.
Josh shakes a blonde buzz cut with a grin. “Man! And here, I thought all this time that a female was supposed to be subservient to their male,” he continues to smile and study a set of new words inside the manual textbook.
“Good way to put it, Ash!” Ash chuckles.
“Which lovely female do you desire for the homecoming dance, Drayton?” Josh jolts down a set of hand printed words on his paper notepad from the Latin textbook.
“Maybe, I wanna a girl from the planet of Mars or Venus. Or are you launching a ship to Jupiter at noon, Josh?” Drake sips the beverage.
“I get first pick of each Venus girl with a hot bod and a pair of lush lips.” Ash laughs.
“Drake goes first always.” Josh continues to search through the textbook.
Ash laughs. “Then I’m second.”
Josh chuckles down at the page. “Then I’m second. I’m doing all the proper research of datum for my new babe project.”
“How about Tasha?” Ash smiles at Drake.
“Taken.” Drake exhales with frustration and stares at the far wall behind the teacher’s empty wooden desk.
“O! How about Janet?” Ash grins.
“Taken.”
“O! How about you go stag to the dance?” Ash nods.
“Unacceptable!” Josh writes down a couple of words on his notepad from the textbook.
Ash turns and frowns down at the hair roots on Josh. “Why not, Josh? How about Diane?”
“Taken.” Drake exhales and continues to stare at the far wall.
Ash chuckles. “How about you stay home the night of the homecoming dance, Drake?”
Josh looks up and frowns at Ash. “Unacceptable!”
Ash cuts his green pupils to Josh. “Why does Drake need to come to the dance, if Drake doesn’t have a hot cute girly date, Josh?”
Josh lifts up each finger with a smile. “One, this event is the primo grand social function of the year at Homewood High. Two, this event is sponsored and hosted by his daddy Hatem.”
Ash frowns. “Drake said that his dad ain’t coming, Josh. His dad won’t be there and definitely won’t be noticed absent, since Daddy Hatem never has come to one dance in my presence before.”
Josh smirks. “Might I generously point out that lots of things never come in your presence, Ashley Frances!”
Ash growls, “Hmm! I feel the presence of an upcoming black eye or a bloody nose or both on my former pal Josh.”
“Cool down, dog!” Josh looks down with laughter and studies the page inside the open textbook, reading some of the English sub-titles that quickly identify each Latin word definition.
“Dad was ever present at any of the homecoming events, when I was younger, either.” Drake views Ash.
Ash nods. “Before your mom …”
“Yeah, before that…” Drake exhales with sadness.
Josh marks the page and then slams the book shut with a smile. “Drake cannot or will not or won’t not …” 
“You badly failed your AP English course, last year, didn’t you, Josh?” Ash chuckles.
Josh points with a smile to Drake. “The superstar quarterback, an academic scholar, and the billionaire teen bachelor, all are all required to attend his own high school dance party.”
“So, you are currently failing your AP English class, this year, as well.” Ash smiles.
“Look out! This is not my pretty proper party. This is a high school dance and food party.” Drake nods.
Ash displays a head of light brown tinted cropped hair, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of pink tinted skin. He frowns. “Billionaire teen bachelor, that sounds so wrong. How about teen billionaire bachelor? Naw! Only a teen billionaire, you don’t need the bachelor part that’s for a group of elderly men like my dad, who isn’t a bachelor. He is happily married to mom ...”
“Who is the babe coming with me for the homecoming dance, Josh?” Drake turns and frowns at Josh.
“You need to call daddy?” Ash wisely advises.
Drake shakes his black curls with a stern face. “No! No! No way! I don’t like his choice of …”
“….acquaintances.” Ash grins.
Drake chuckles with humor. “Good way to put it, Ash!”
“I’m working on it, tonight. I…uh…I ...” Josh grins.
The classroom bell rings. Each chair slides across the floor as each folded body becomes an upright student standing from the chair seat, slowly leaving the room for the crowded hallway.
At the wooden table, Ash slaps the butt end on the empty soda bottle down onto the table surface, nodding with a smile. “Josh knows the babe. So, me and Josh will be coming over right after our football practice for the afternoon snack, then the early supper meal, and finally the dinner meal while listening to Josh’s solution for your major social problem with the homecoming dance. Ain’t that right, Josh?” He slowly stands with a chuckle and stares at Drake.
“That is right, Ash!” Josh stands and smiles at Drake.

Several hours later, at 06:06 pm with cool temperatures and beams of moonlight with bright stars at the house property of Drake Hatem, the door chime sounds with a deep bong. Housekeeper Myra slowly exits the kitchen space.
One side of the wooden double doors inside the Hatem Manor slowly opens and reveals seventeen years old, high schooler Josh with a mouth of good teeth. He enters and nods respectfully to Myra, strutting through the living room, climbing up the staircase, and strolling over the third floor level towards Drake’s bedroom.
Myra stops and stands in front of the open archway and smiles to Ash. 
Ash pauses for politeness at the archway and smiles down at Myra, leaning over, lifting petite Myra into his chest. She cuddles her body with his love too. 
Ten years ago, Ash had spent loads of his personal and private time with Myra and Drake when his baby sister had been diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Ash’s mother had allowed her son to be housed and raised by housekeeper Myra and indirectly by Drake’s mother. Ash had lived inside the Hatem Manor for three long years like a pseudo-son to the Spanish spinster Myra and an annoying new step-brother to Drake.
Drake and Ash had always acted and thought like a pair of biological brothers, only without the shared blood molecules.
Ash would do anything for the Hatem family tree that included stealing, cheating, lies, and other sinful acts.
Present day and place inside the Hatem Manor, when high schooler Ash ever visits his high school classmate, he first seeks out his other mother and provides her motherly hug too. He pulls back with a smile and leans over, gently pecking her smooth cheekbone. He gently lowers Myra down to the tile floor.
She nods with a smile to Ash and spins around, moving back into the kitchen setting. She finishes her nightly nanny duties for the evening, before leaving eighteen years old Drake alone inside his home during his bedtime house.
Ash lopes behind and follows Myra into the kitchen sitting, stopping in front of the long island bar in the middle of the room and in-between the four walls of shiny appliances.
She points down at a large squared shaped tray which is filled with an assortment of short and tall bottles of chilled beverages and a variety of vertical and horizontal piles of sinful snack goodies for each teen male while they start or complete the required high school project. She looks up and smiles at Ash.
He tries really hard but voices out loud in a series of poor Spanish words. “Grace us...bono...it… fi…man…no…”
She softly giggles and slaps her hand over her parted lips at the silly sound.
Nine years ago, new student Ash had been eager to learn a foreign language using his southern twang, Housekeeper and Spanish citizen Myra had been unsuccessful in teaching Ashley Frances a new foreign language. Some people did not possess the gift of languages but the gift of love which included Ash that he only needed to fulfill his long life.
Back into the present day, inside the Hatem kitchen setting, Myra smiles at the tall teen that stands six feet and six inches in height. Ash possesses a head of light brown hair which is highlighted with tiny shades of blonde strands, pair of dark green irises, and a heart-shaped face with peachy-beige skin tone. He always holds a big wide smile of good white colored teeth.
She nods. “Ash, what are you trying to communicate to me? I can’t understand a word of your funny Spanish dialect coupled with your slow sounding Southern accent-o.” She smiles and motions to try his word usage again.
He clears his throat and speaks out loud slowly with the single Spanish word. “Grace…us.”
“Are you telling me thanks my Spanish language?”
She had guessed correctly the foreign word coming into her eardrums, hearing the proper Spanish pronunciation, because Ash had been practicing this particular Spanish greeting for five years.
He nods in silence.
She articulates in her native tongue of Spanish, “Gracias! Now, you repeat that word back to me, Ash.”
“Gracie us….” Ash slurs the Spanish word using his long pink tinted tongue which is coupled with his slow-talking Southern accent. She covers her lips again with amusement.
He speaks out loud using his set of poor Spanish words that are mixed with his good American tone, “Bono…o…. Bono…it…o.”
“Is the next Spanish word from your lips, by chance, bonito? Bonito translates into the English word, good.”
He nods with a smile. “I wanna translate into pretty into Spanish for you. And then I wanna add the word, fee…man…no. Cheek-o, grace us, bono...it...o, fee...man...no.”
She smiles at his usual flawed performance but continues to encourage his sweetly willingness to try something new. “You are getting very, very close to speaking in my native Spanish language, Ash. Please, allow me to repeat your expression in my native words.
He nods in silence to her.
She smiles. “Chico, gracias, bonito femenino,” Myra frowns after translating the Spanish phrase into the proper English sentence. “I am not, a pretty doll, Ash.”
He leans over the long counter and taps her cheekbone, pulling back with a smile and a whisper. “You will always be a pretty doll to me, Myra.” He stands upright with a wink and leans down, lifting up the heavy tray of snacks over his hair roots.
“You’re a sweet boy, Ash. But never, ever try to speak a different language. You don’t yet have the lip flapping usage with the proper accents or the correct pronunciations. With your funky tongue movements and your southern accent, you could conjure up Satan’s granddaughter by mistake.” She spins around and gathers her personal items from the wall corner for her trip back home to her house which is four streets west from the Hatem Manor.
Ash frowns at her back spine and gasps in shock. “That evil guy Satan doesn’t have a granddaughter, does he, Myra?”
She spins around and winks at Ash. “That ancient expression translates: a teenager of wrong doings.” She points at the food tray on his collar bone with a stern face. “Please, you or Drake, bring that tray and all the related trashy items downstairs to the kitchen. The last time, you little boys ate inside Drake’s bedroom. He had been attacked by rows of hungry ants as they partied on the floor and inside his bed coverings, eating all the spoiled and spilled grocery store remnants.” She spins around with a smile and moves ahead toward the garage door on the opposite side inside the kitchen setting, lifting a hand for good bye to Ash.
The Hatem Manor is empty, except for the three teenagers but possesses an outside detail of armed and well-paid bodyguards which are stationed at the occupied guard house which is parallel to the entrance street that leads into the private driveway,
Ash continues to stand in the kitchen and shouts out loud with a smile, before the garage door closes shut. “I promise, Myra. I’ll personally bring the food tray back down from Drake’s room and store it here inside the kitchen for cleaning. Good night, Myra! Drive safely home!” He spins around and exits the kitchen toting the heavy food tray over his collar bone like an underpaid restaurant waiter, slowly moving up the staircase, heading into Drake’s room.
He chuckles at his unsuccessfully attempt to communicate in a foreign language.

At 06:33 am, on the third floor level, inside Drake’s private bedroom, the bedroom room is open.
Drake stands in the middle of his room and rattles a lined sheet of notebook paper in one hand, jabbing a free hand at his childhood friend Josh. “This paper is complete, utter, silly, nonsense, Josh.”
“Hey man! Don’t screw up the paper! I can’t read the dang words for my Babe Project,” Josh reaches out and snatches the torn notebook lined paper, smoothing down pressed wood with a smile, before an annoying Drake totally destroys his hard day’s work of face sweat and pretend tears. He cuddles the torn piece of paper into his chest with love and protection, nodding with a smile to his buddy Drake.
Josh had spent all his school homework hours looking up each Latin word and then translating the word into a proper American meaning. His true Latin teacher did not exist, at least in terms of flesh and blood, there at Homewood High School which could aid Josh with his personal Latin project.
“Snack time!” Ash enters the occupied bedroom and stops in front of the brown tinted entrance wall, placing the heavy tray on snacks on top of a tall eating dark colored wooden table inside the master bedroom. He reaches down and grabs a dark colored soda, popping open the can, sipping the cold beverage. He drops the can on top of the polished wooden surface and reaches down, grabbing one of the nutritious chocolate and peanut butter bars, ripping off the paper. He crams the food into his parted lips and stares at the dog fight between his two buddies Josh and Drake, observing their body language, hearing a string of loud vocal words.
The huge Hatem Manor represents an American castle. The house was the last Christmas present for Drake from his loving mother, before she had died in her sleep and then had ascended happily into her new home in heaven.


Nine months ago, his mother had spent all her time designing, decorating, and doting on the details with her son Drake inside his new home which contained seven bedrooms and eight bedrooms that were located on two flat levels, the second and the third floors.


The first level floor houses the kitchen setting, a formal dining room, the living room, a library with a grand piano, a movie theater, a six-car garage space, and a swimming pool. The three teenagers enjoy messing up his master bedroom, the movie theater, and the kitchen space best within the house.
The master bedroom measures 150 feet in length which is a math measurement of three semi-tractor trailers that are lined side by side. The room is 150 feet across in width which is one sideways railroad car going across the railroad tracks.
The height of room space consumes twenty feet from heaven or the dark brown ceiling planks going down into hell or the matching wooden floor planks which is tall enough for a teenager to slam four hundred tennis balls across to another teen over a three-feet high net.
The short brown tinted side wall displays a gigantic “dead King somebody of France” replica royal sleeping bed frame with four columns that makes a square shape which is embedded with an array of tiny speckled golden flakes, not real mineral gold.
The iron, which is a real mineral here on Planet Earth, bed canopy frame is draped in a set of four separate girly soft velveteen dark green tinted curtains which are outlined on each top panel with an individual pair of sissy golden tassels.
Inside the comfy cocoon that has been created within the four dangling curtains of dark green hue, a silk golden bed spread lies underneath thirteen matching satin pillows, where one pillow is used for Drake’s rear skull and one satin bed sheet covers his naked princely thing.
Housekeeper Myra bitterly complains with unending pleasure about the set of dirty, smelly mattress bed sheet, every Sunday morning, after Saturday’s morning laundry duties are not done for Drake, so there is built-in wall unit on the long wall that holds an array of vertical and horizontal assorted storage doors and store cabinets that hides all of Drake’s dirty clothes and other secret stuff that Drake has forgotten about, until it is found by an angry Myra.
The opposite side wall displays six glass patio doors that reveal a manicured lawn during the day or an array of twinkling white tinted stars during the night.
Each pair of fragile glass doors are 50 feet apart. For your mathematically-challenged dorks, that is 150 feet which is divided by three that equals 50 feet of space between each door frame.
On the opposite side wall, there are three built-in book shelves that holds Drake’s tacky geology rock exhibition from his fourth grade class, where he had won second place in the elementary school science fair with the red colored ribbon. Numerous silver and gold tinted trophies, hundreds of green spotted paper certificates, ten red vertical ribbons, and one single bronze medal are presented within the shelves coming from his various sporting conquests, since birth.
Numerous framed pictures display him and his family members and his trio of friends plus millions of neatly stored musical, theatrical, adventure, horror, comedy, mystery, historical, and religious musical discs with hundreds of small electronics toys for listening to music, gaming for entertainment or surfing the internet. A single mobile telephone lies next to the black tinted computer laptop and all the computer related junk that comes with that.
On the entrance wall with the arched door frame in the middle of the space, a water bed sit alone with a cool-looking black lighted headboard and a matching footboard in the wall corner.
Drake had become injured from a bruising quarterback sneak last year at the Homewood versus Vestavia regional football game playoff in the month of November. His school Homewood High School football team had lost that playoff game. Drake had received a pinched nerve in his neck from a brutal yet illegal defensive lineman tackle, requiring numerous highly paid physicians, nurses, accountants, and lawyers to treat his bodily injures. That had included the purchased a soft and cushy water bed for his medical and physical recuperation, until the month of December.
Current day, when Ash and Josh are invited over to stay at the Hatem Manor during the weekend, without the female species, each one shouts out loud but usually fist fights over the use of the water bed for the night.
The waterbed frame lounges a few feet from the wall corner and sits beside a shelves of electronic equipment. However, a teen can sit and eat inside the waterbed mattress while viewing the same television program on the opposite wall corner on another one of three individual gigantic plasma television screens.
One screen continuously flows from the local cable station with one naughty porn television programs. The second plasma displays an active porn program from the satellite dish communication system. The third plasma runs the illegal porn flick from an independent vendor, compliments from one of the highly paid and smart body guards for Drake, since a growing male teen needed constant stimulation to learn in any and all educational environments that affect his mind and his body.
Inside the other wall corners with a built-in shelf, hundreds of educational, musical, death, action, historical entertainment discs and electronic games plus all the numerous attached junk for three electronic game stations occupy and then dangle off the wooden shelf.
In front of the long wall with rows of closed wooden cabinets that hides all of his dirty stuff, a row of life-sized electronic machines stand at attention and ready for some awesome make-believe electronic play time including a free standing station for a car race, a snow ski jump trail, an aerial fighter jet, an ocean water surfing, a game pinball, a western gun shoot-outs, an array of outer space alien attacks, and finally a war ready helicopter station.
The long side wall also contains two hidden doors for two separate bathroom compartments on each end of the side wall intersection with a separate vertical upright shower stall and a horizontal girly curved bathtub with a bidet. Bidet is a French word for cleaning your butthole with a splash of fresh smelling girly perfumed water, after you, you know.
Studious Ash likes to use the French word lavabo for the stationary bathroom space as he is trying to practice a new foreign language in order to receive a set of multiple college scholarships in both sports and academics. There are two lavabos, as Ash would say, that lie in-between the two lavabos, which is located slightly more towards Drake’s bed frame.
An curved archway appears in yellow tinted hue and hides a girly walk-in closet with numerous built-in vertical and horizontal shelves. The shelves house nine various colored clean and folded long or short-sleeved tee shirts and six pairs of various faded to dark blue jeans and four pairs of shoes, black tinted leathers, a pair of worn tan colored flip-flops, a set of brown and blue cowboy boots, and a pair of white tinted athletic shoes.
In the middle of the wide and long room, a living room suite stands consisting of two long brown tinted sofas, six sitting chairs in green tinted leather fabric, three low dark colored wooden tables, four side dark colored wooden tables  and a tall table to feed four friends.
Inside his unique long and wide private third floor level bedroom, Drake continues to stand in front of the long sofa and scrubs his unshaven face with both hands, dropping down his hands, slapping his legs. He exhales with worry and stares at his friend. “Did you pay someone for that garbage on the sheet of notebook paper, Josh?”
“I’m smart. I get the academic letter of B’s on all of my high school tests. I figured out the string of Latin words on that piece of notebook paper all by myself.” Josh continues to cuddle the torn notebook paper into his tee shirt for protection and points at the first Latin word with pride.
“Josh, if you have under paid someone, then I’ll probably get an email or phone call or a face-to-gun visit for blackmail or ransom or something illegal and dangerous to me” He exhales with worry. “Did you tell that person to wand a curse on me?”
“No curse, man! This is a charm, buddy! I promise,” Josh laughs.
“What curse? What charm? What did you steal from that poor old woman, Josh?” Ash slaps his big naked feet over the soft white tinted carpet section comprising the living room setting inside the master bedroom. He stands beside Josh.
Ash had ditched his pair of dirty cowboy boots and the associated set of stinky foot socks outside on top of the front porch. The boots were covered in horse shit, hay needles, and wet grass as he had finished up his last farm duty of the day, hustling the herd of precious baby calves into the protective grassy pastures an associated mama cow.
Josh turns and sneers at Ash. “I don’t steal anything, from any one, at any time, Ash. But I might steal a punch or two with my fist into your head and rattle up your set of sleeping brain cells.”
Drake frowns at Josh. “Did you pay someone such like a witch or a psychic or a priest or another weird-o zombie individual? How much money did you spend on that sheet of paper, Josh? Where’s my wallet?” He struts ahead to a wooden writing desk, stops, and tosses open the drawer, looking for his misplaced bank card with a sour frown and a string of soft curse words.
Drake will run to the bank for more money cash, since Josh has employed someone to translate a set of silly Latin words, without a money payment. Now, that strange person might decide to come and visit the Hatem manor later tonight for some additional monetary compensation. He whispers for his eardrums only and continues to toss items inside the drawer. “That’s always the case with a billionaire! People quickly learn that a billionaire will pay them to keep their mouths shut, sometimes, for years, decades, and centuries.”
Josh shakes his skull and spins around, frowning at the back spine on Drake, “Naw! I didn’t give anything to my sister Josie, this time. I pledge with my life using my ancient Natural Boy honor sign. She likes to visit those weird-o fortune tellers that live outside the dirt clay grounds of Five Points Station that lounge on top of the rows of rotten picnic tables. Five Points Station, the city spot is a mythological place here within the center of metro city Birmingham, where some weird-o strange events occur every night of the week, including Sunday. Josie keeps asking this old lady that has a set of long jaw joules, like a Basset Hound dog, if you’re going to marry her, Drake. The old lady says no. Your wife will not be my sister Josie. But, you will get married to some weird-o chick that likes the devil or some silly nonsense …”
“What!” Drake spins around and frowns at Josh, exhaling with frustration.
Josh continues to point at the first word on the paper with a grin. “Look here! I had translated each word myself from our Latin textbook that we never use. Each student is receiving the letter grade of A for our Latin high school academic course. Don’t you remember that, Drake? I’m gonna look really good on my high school electronic report card for my dad.” 
Ash reaches over and snatches the wrinkled paper from Josh, trying to the read the first funny foreign word out loud, “Ex ...”
“No!” Josh steals the paper back and then shoves Ash away from his body, “No! Don’t read the words. We gotta light the candles first,” he spins around and drops a hand down in the paper sack, rattling the contents with a smile.
Drake turns and gasps at Josh, waving both arms in the air. “No, Josh! No candles here inside my room. I won’t be able to find the telephone landline in time and call the fire truck to douse the house fire.”
Ash turns and smiles at Drake. “Where is your personal mobile telephone, Drake?”
“In my car…” Drake spins around to face the open drawer and continues to search for his misplaced bank card.
“Why is your personal mobile telephone, which is a very important part of a teen’s world, inside your parked car, Drake?” Ash frowns.
Drake spins around and holds his bank card near his frown. “Josh, how much did you pay for that magical curse on that sheet of paper? I wanna gauge the amount of cash that I need to withdraw from the bank in a few more minutes. Do I need to pull out 2,000, 3,000 or 5,000 dollars?”
“It’s not a curse, Drake. It’s a sweet innocent charm for getting you a girl for the big homecoming dance on Friday night, after winning the football game. And I didn’t pay anyone. I created the charmed words all by myself for free, without payment.” Josh chuckles and looks down while studying the paper, “However, if this works, then you can pay me a million bucks. Ain’t that right, Drake?”
Drake puffs. “Pfft!”
“Don’t you have money in your personal leather wallet, Drake?” Ash frowns.
“No.” Drake stares at Josh.
“No?”
“No, I do not have money on me.”
“Is there is a stack of money bills inside the wall safe behind the picture of the cute pod of brown tinted forest deer?” Ash annoys.
“No.”
“How much money did you give away, today, Drake?” Ash frowns and shakes his skull. Drake is a good soul living here on Planet Earth and enjoys giving away some of his billions of dollars to help people.
Drake slices his eyeballs to Ash. “Enough, pup!”
“Drake gave away, this time, his wallet of money plus his cell phone. Geez!” Ash frowns.
Josh stops fiddling inside his grocery bag paper sack of secret goodies and spins around, frowning at Drake. “Did you really give away your personal cell phone to all the street bums? Man, your cell phone bill is going to rival the US ceiling debt that currently stands at 24 trillion dollars and counting higher towards the heavens. Good thing! You’re a billionaire teen bachelor.” He chuckles and returns back, rattling the sack, touching each item.
Drake frowns. “No! I gave my telephone to the nice receptionist at the Church Mission Center for the homeless and ...”
“Drake, you are one of the most generous teen billionaires in the world, who I know, since I only know one. But, buddy, you really need to consult with that 13th floor of highly paid and arrogant legal lawyers, before giving away money stuff. The room of Dress Shirts will …”
Josh stops his work and looks up, spinning around to laugh at Ash, pointing a finger at his friend. “You’re caught and burned, man! Did you read the last Quartet e-book from that female writer? Thomas Edison Sawyer, he’s a hoot. I love that guy. Drake reminds me of Austin Berrington, thou. What do you think, Ash?”
“Yeah, that’s one of Tom’s gentlemanly coined phrases,” Ash smiles. “I find each one of the Quartet books intriguing, interesting, and intruding with the complicated plots of sensitivity, like me, and filled with hard snot-hole guy personalities, like me, too. I’m similar to Tom. I think.”
“Naw!” Josh shakes his buzz cuts and spins back around, reaching down into the sake, lifting up each item in the air. He spins around and drops down on his two kneecaps, slowly crawling ahead, stopping at the edge of the white carpet, resting each object on top of the soft fabric with a smile for Drake’s personal male ritual.
“Yeah! He is a genius, smart, handsome, funny guy, like me.” Ash slaps his chest and continues to eat the food item, chewing with an open mouth.
Josh continues to rest each object over the carpet, “No, man! You’re more like Mangrove, who is a studious, dependable, reliable guy.” He sits back and counts the number of objects on top of the carpet with a smile.
Ash slaps his chest and shakes his bone skull, staring down at Josh. “No! I am not like Frank Mangrove. I am like Stu Gage, who’s an outdoorsy guy with all the brain cells, to boot,” he laughs.
Josh looks up and smiles at Ash. “I’m fifty percent Mangrove and fifty percent Gage, but I’m definitely one hundred percent Sawyer. I possess the same physical traits, blonde, tall, good looking, funny, smart …”
Ash frowns. “You’re not a licensed Florida lawyer, Josh.”
Josh nods with a smile. “My post college goal is going to be lawyering like Sawyer.”
Drake moves ahead and strolls in-between the two faces and silly strand of words coming from Ash and Josh, stopping in-between their empty space, folding his arms with a stern face, “Back to business!”
Ash and Josh look at each other and then shout with a smile, simultaneously, “Berrington.”
Drake frowns. “Who’s Berrington?” Then he and Ash laugh.
Josh claps with a smile. “Let’s do this!” He drops down the torn piece of paper and whips out a single match stick, lining the stick against the coarse striking band on one edge of the matchbox.
Ash squats down and reaches out, picking up the paper from the floor, studying the string of words with puzzlement. “This sheet of weird words doesn’t look like a curse to me.”
“The string of weird words creates a sweet charm for our pal Drake.” Josh strikes the match stick against the rough band and fires up a tiny flame of fire in red and blue hue.
Drake points down at the row of items on top of the wooden floor, “That piece of paper is a blackmail item on me. What are you doing with that lighted fire match, Josh? No! I just told you no flaming candles. No flames. No fire. No fire trucks. No house. Poof!” He waves his arms in the air and wears a sour frown of worry and annoyance at his childhood friend.
Josh leans down with a smile and reaches out to light the first short white tinted candle on top of the fabric carpet. “The row of candles is part of the ritual which is paired with the Latino words.”
Ash leans over and puffs out a string of his sour breathe at the lighted match in Josh’s hand, dousing out the flame, sitting back with laughter. He continues to read the paper. “The string of words is not Latino. You mean to say Latin. Latino is the language of a person living there in South America. Latin is the language of angels and demons and other religious beings that live someplace else but here on Planet Earth.”
“Dorks!” Drake continues to stand and points at each friend with a sour frown, “I have Donald Duck and Duffy Duck as two of my best Bama childhood friends.”
Josh frowns and sits upright, reaching out, shuffling the candles over the wooden floor, “Do you see this here, Drake? I can set each candle for your Latin ritual on top of the wooden planks, instead of the girly white carpet threads for my fire safety,” he quickly finishes the task.
“Smokey the Bear Cub has spoken, before the carpet fire,” Ash laughs and continues to read each Latin word.
Josh sits upright on his kneecaps with a smile and reaches over, grabbing the sheet of paper from Ash, reading out loud. “The candle must be placed three feet apart.” He looks up and smiles at Ash, dropping the paper on top of the floor. “We need more body room. Come with me and help me scoot that heavy leather lounge sofa with two foot stools away from the row of candles for more room in here, Ash!” He stands upright on the floor and moves ahead towards the sofa, stopping on the end of the arm rest, squatting down. He grabs the sofa edges.
“Okay!” Ash slowly stands upright from the floor and strolls toward the opposite end of the leather sofa with a smile, grabbing the opposite sides.
Drake squats down on both of his kneecaps and leans over, snatching up the torn piece of paper, silently reading the Latin words. “Who taught you how to do this thing, Josh?”
Ash smiles, “Ready! Lift it up!”
Both of the teens lift up the heavy furniture piece and then slowly shuffle the item away from the edge of the carpet, carefully dropping it a few feet from the row of candle.
Ash mentally agrees that Josh could burn Drake’s house down into the dirt, if not properly supervised by his two best buds. He slowly stands upright and wipes a small amount of sweat from his forehead, smiling at Josh. “Hey, Josh! The string of weird words on that piece of piece is a chant in Latin, not a charm.”
Josh stands upright from the parked sofa and wipes off a sweaty face also from the heavy piece of furniture, spinning around, moving back to the row of candles and a stationary Drake. “No! It’s a charm.”
“Ex…” Ash continues to stand and sings out loud the first Latin word from the chant.
Josh slides to a halt and spins around with a growl at Ash. “Don’t read or sing or sound out the Latin words, man. That Latin charm is for Drake, only Drake, not you, Ash.” He swings around and stops, squatting down in front of the row of candles, leaning over the first one. He pulls out the matchbox of wooden matches from his pocket and opens the tiny drawer, looking down at the lines of wooden sticks with a smile.
Ash continues to stand beside the sofa and smiles at silly Josh and a serious Drake.
Drake continues to squat beside Josh and silently reads the string of Latin words but doesn’t understand the English translation, slapping the paper with his hand and a sour frown. “What does this little short and sweet charm do for Drake, only for Drake?”
“The Latin charm gives you great luck, man.” Josh leans down and strikes the wooden match, flaming the fire in red and blue hue, holding in one hand.
“Hey! I can use some good luck, too, Josh.” Ash smiles down at Josh.
Josh looks up and holds the lighted wooden stick in one hand while frowning at Ash. Drake gasps in alarm and then leans over, blowing out the lighted flame, growling at his friend. Josh frowns at Ash and still holds the burnt matchbox stick in the same hand, “Ash, man! You are the luckiest son of the gun on the planet.”
Ash frowns. “How did you figure out that one, Josh?”
“Who are you taking to the homecoming dance, Ash?” Josh smiles.
“Jessica.” Ash grins.
“Of course, she’s the prettiest girl within our dang school. What’s your GPA?”
“I possess a 4.0 plus grade point average at Homewood High.”
“Yeah, you’re one of the highest honor students within our dang school. Where are you attending college?”
“Burn U.” Ash nods.
“Yeah, you are going to one of the best college school with the number one football team in the nation.” Josh laughs. “You are the luckiest son of the gun on the planet. You don’t need any good luck Ash, but Drake does.”
“You’re really weird, Josh.” Drake slowly stands and stares down at the fire hazard of real candles on top of the wooden floor.
Ash moves ahead and stands at the end of the row of candles, nodding to Drake. “Then you need to call daddy, Drake! He can get you a tall, sexy model …”
Drake frowns, “No!”
Ash winks with a grin to Drake, “But you need to make sure that angelic Madonna can two-step with our country redneck melodies.”
Josh slowly stands and looks down, examining his nifty handy work, double-checking the instructions on the paper. “All right! The instructions instruct that each candle is three feet apart. I think each candle is three feet part or as close as I can figure. Next, Drake must sit down on the floor in front of the first candle,” he points down at the floor and the first candle.
Ash annoys for fun with a smile at Josh. “Indian style or legs crossed or kneecaps bent or yoga style or spread eagle, how does Drake sit down in the wooden floor, Josh?”
“No!” Drake continues to stand and frowns down at the first candle.
“A crossed-leg pose would be best for your body, Drake.” Ash smiles at Drake.
“No.” Drake puffs with annoyance.
“Yeah, a crossed-leg pose is the best pose, so he can reach out and touch each one of the candles.” Josh nods to Drake.
Ash nods, “Hmm! You should change into your running shorts, so you can flex your two legs better into a cross-legged pose for this stupid ritual, Drake,” he laughs.
Josh continues to read the paper as Drake shakes his bone skull in silence. Josh thumps the paper with a smile. “Naw, Ash! Drake might get leg cramps and ruin my vibe thingy.”
“No!” Drake frowns.
Ash extends his arm with a smile. “Come on, Drake! This is so amusing listening to Josh’s vibe thingy.”
“No!” Drake crosses his arms and wears a sour frown.
“I’m serious here. This Latin charm is going to get you a pretty girl for our homecoming dance.” Josh turns and winks at Drake.
“Is the high school female going to be a pretty or ugly one, Josh?” Ash laughs.
“This Latin charm will produce one of the prettiest girls at our school,” Josh smiles.
“Are you certain about that Latin statement, Josh?” Ash laughs.
Josh laughs. “I whole-heartedly promise to Drake. He’ll get one of the prettiest girls at our school.”
Ash turns and winks to Drake. “You’re so shallow, Drake.”
“I try,” Drake smiles.
Ash smiles, “Hmm! Which pod of pretty girls is left and available at our school for the annual homecoming dance next Friday night?”
Drake frowns. “Well, there is…” then he gasps out loud.
The three teens shout the proper name out loud at the same time, “Lissa Landers.”
Josh holds four fingers near his smile and nods with laughter, “You have my Nature Boy’s honor finger signal, my brother Drake. This Latin ritual will not attract Lissa. I promise with a set of crossed hearts and strong milk bones. Not Lissa! No way! No how! No boy!” He shakes his blonde tinted buzz cut with a smile.
Drake tosses both of his arms in the air and then drops them down, slapping his legs, shaking his bone skull with a sour frown, “That and this is not happening in here, tonight, Josh!”
“Come on, Drake! Play the final seconds within the lousy, losing fantasy football game!” Ash chuckles.
“No!” Drake shouts out loud.
“I’m almost ready for the male ritual.” Josh squats down and places a tiny matchbox in front of the candle, without lighting the item.
Ash chuckles, “I think Josh means to say the ‘mate’ ritual.” Drake rolls his eyeballs and returns back with a stern face to Ash in silence. Ash nods. “So, does Drake practice the mating ritual first, before the actual mating ritual second?” He laughs with Drake.
Josh slowly stands and looks up, swatting his hand through the air. “No! He doesn’t practice first. Drake squats in front of the first candle and then lights the first candle and then he read out loud the Latin charm words making this three-step process just plain and simple.” He turns and sneers to Ash. “Quit being a smart-hole here, Ash!”
Ash smiles, “Are you certain that it’s not read the words first and then light the candle second? Some of those strange and mysterious occult rites have a set of particular evil ways to access the evil princess or the ugly monster depending on which one Drake feels like taking to the homecoming dance next Friday night,” he laughs with Drake.
Josh frowns with doubt and looks down, silently reading his torn notebook paper. “I am one hundred percent absolutely, positively certain that Drake lights each candle first and then reads the associated sentence that I have brilliantly translated from our Latin textbook into this page today during each one of my high school academic classes, except at football practice. Coach would have kicked my a …”
“Assuming that you are correct and really good at translating a string of Latin words, are you ready to begin the mating ritual process, Sir Drake?” Ash turns and smiles at Drake.
“No!” Drake frowns.
Josh squats down in front of the candle and points down at the wooden floor behind the unlit short white tinted candle, smiling up at Drake. “Come over here and sit down behind the candle, Drake! I’ll play the brave fireman, in case, some of the fiery flames jump from the candle and hit something that forms a fireball,” he laughs with Ash.
Drake continues to stand and huffs with annoyance. Ash’s bold comment had been spoken for pure entertainment purpose to Drake and for Josh’s benefit, since Josh had went to the trouble of setting up this stupid mating ritual thing.
Drake turns and winks to Ash in silence. Ash chuckles with a nod in silence. They both squat down and sit down on the wooden floor behind the first candle in silence, staring at each other with a smile.
Drake slaps both of his hands on top of his folded kneecaps and looks down, staring down at the first unlit candle. Josh lifts up and shakes the tiny matchbox of wooden sticks next to his smiling lips, extending the torn paper with the Latin words to Drake. Ash laughs with amusement.
Drake accepts the paper with a sour frown in silence.
Josh hands the matchbox and one single match stick to Drake, nodding with a smile. “We are ready, Drake. Light the first candle.” Drake obeys and douses the burning match stick down in a cup of fresh water, without causing a fire inside his bedroom. Josh nods. “Next, read the first line on your sheet of paper.” Drake looks down and stares at the first line. Josh yells with fury. “Out loud, man!” Ash laughs.
Drake looks up and frowns at Josh. “No thanks, snot-hole!” He laughs and slowly scoots his kneecaps away from the burning candle, before he stands and knocks the fiery item over the floor while catching his house on fire with the small amount of real flames.
“Go to Plan B, right now, Ash!” Josh hollers with laughter and leans out, grabbing Drake’s arm. Ash reaches over and grabs the other arm on Drake. The three teens violently twist sideways and then turn away from the flickering burning candle flame while dropping Drake flat down on his back spine. Ash and Josh smash both of their heavy bodies on top of Drake’s chest and two legs.
Drake looks up and examines the arched ceiling for a pod of pesky flying insects, exhaling with defeat, sneering with annoyance. His friend Ash continues to chuckle with delight.
On top of Drake, Josh produces an array of puffs of his sour breath and leans over bad breathing into Drake’s face. “Read the darn paper, Drake, now!”
“We’re not letting go, until you finish this thing, bro.” Ash chuckles and slaps Drake on the leg.
Drake jerks his limited human strength using his two arms and legs to the left and then to the right while gritting his molars, since his body is strategically pinned between a football offensive end and the defensive lineman. Their two bodies total mathematically over 450 pounds of body pressure, heavy muscle, and strong density bones that covers Drake’s 224 pounds body frame.
He exhales with annoyance and rattles the paper in his hand, reading out loud. “Ex lucem ferre…”
Josh laughs and leans over lighting the second candle. “Next!”
“Ad incendia rutilus…”
Josh lights the last candle with a smile. “Read the last part now!”
“Hic ater angelus.” Drake finishes reading the last Latin sentence on the notebook paper with fury at his two friends.
Josh rolls off Drake and crawls towards the row of flaming candles, leaning over, blowing out each individual burning candle on top of the wooden floor. Ash laughs out loud and slowly moves off a grounded Drake, sitting down on the floor.
 Drake slowly sits upright on his kneecaps and loudly curses a nasty strand of dirty words at his two friends.
Ash swiftly stands upright from the floor and offers down a hand to Drake.
 Josh slides over the floor and swiftly collects each burnt candle, carefully standing upright from the floor, trotting into the master bathroom to run cold water over three heated wicks without causing a fire inside the house.
On top of the floor, Drake slowly stands and sneers only at Ash. “Are you, two girls done for the evening?”
Ash chuckles with a nod, “Yeah! I’m done here. I got me a hot date with my hot girl Jessica.”
Josh emerges out from the bathroom and stops in front of the small dining table, carefully wrapping each cold and dead candle within a thick cloth, sitting each candle back down inside the grocery sack. He spins around and collects the rest of his personal property items, including the tiny box of matches and torn piece of notebook paper with the Latin charm sentences while smiling with victory.
Ash spins around and moves ahead toward the same high table, collecting his personal items and additional food stuff for the trip home, before his hot date with his girl. Ash stops and stands beside Josh. Josh and Ash turn to face each other with loud bouts of laughter and perform a fist-bump.
Josh returns back and fiddles with his stuff, shouting out loud with a smile. “Your good luck runneth over, man! I’ll see ya’ll at the high school on Monday morning while meeting your new hot date for homecoming dance, Drake.” He quickly dumps his stuff back down into the large paper bag and then sweeps the bag into his one hand, spinning around, nodding to Drake in silence.
Ash gathers food supplies and his personal items into his arms, spinning around, grinning at Drake. “Drake might find her this weekend, Josh. What’s your plan for the weekend, bro?”
Drake continues to stand in fury and then frowns, shaking his bone skull, speaking with a soft tone. “I plan to lay low, read a book, or maybe watch a movie,” he surveys the drying candle wax on top of the wooden floor with annoyance. His housekeeper Myra might inquire about that weird substance on Monday afternoon, after his football practice from school.
Ash smiles at the hair roots on Drake. “You are welcome to join me and Jessica tonight. We’re going to see a new action flick at the local movie house.”
“No thanks.” Drake continues to stare down at a row of dried candle wax on top the wooden floor, figuring out a cleaning method for removal without Myra finding it first.
“Forget coming with me, Drake! Three is too much company with me and saucy Jennifer. Later, gator.” Josh rattles the paper bag and motions his hand using some invisible geometric symbols that only Josh knows to Drake. Josh turns and walks with Ash exiting the bedroom archway with loud laughter. They enter the hallway and moves down the staircase.
Drake wishes his final good-byes and good-lucks to his two pals at the front door of the Hatem Manor, slamming the door, locking the bolt for the dark night. He exhales with boredom.
Normally, during the weekend nights, he is cuddling with Lissa as they get some food, grab a new Hollywood movie film, and spend the rest of the evening exploring each other’s body parts until her curfew at midnight by her overprotective father.
He stands in front of the locked door and then chuckles always remembering to be very cautious and careful with the daughter of a police officer.
In one single mental thought, Drake realizes his busy days and nights of using and abusing Lissa has finally ended, but he doesn’t really mind, since does not possess soulful love for Lissa. He doesn’t really hate Lissa either, but he does really feel comfortable with Lissa, not comfortable enough for a marriage ring or a college book.
Drake hasn’t formally laid out his plan for college as a teenage billionaire bachelor or a billionaire teen bachelor as Josh likes to proclaim, but his father strongly hints about Drake joining his business company while learning the world of business, which Drake will eventually inherit. Drake concludes this is his future, his father empire of power and greed, like his dad.
Drake safely double checks each sealed window and bolted door, before bouncing his pair of bare feet back up the staircase and into his bedroom, planning to finish that new science fiction novel he had purchased yesterday and then retire, like an old man for the evening.
Saturday, November 2nd


12:02 am
Private Bedroom setting

46°F and waxing quarter moon
    with twinkling stars and a cloudy night.


An array of loud sounds consisting of crashes, booms and pops echoes throughout the house.
Inside his bedroom, underneath a black satin bed linen, Drake jerks upright from slumber and sits on both of his elbows while blinking both of his eyelids inside a dark room. The faint exterior light coming from the outside hallway shines and sparkles every night into each dark corner of his room for both protection and safety. One safety reason is not to carelessly trip over the paddles of junk on top of the darkened floor. The second safety reason is not to accidentally rip off the heavy curtain from the bed frame railing as green streaks of faint golden patterns illuminate into a thick velveteen fabric, before his blurry vision.
He tosses back the edge of the heavy curtain to the side and leans into the air waves while listening another array of faint sounds in the far distance of the house.
He scoots off the bed mattress and slowly stands upright on top of the wooden floor, allowing his two numb legs to adjust within his pre-dawn sleeping muscles and as his eyeballs quickly adjust to the faint light inside his bedroom.
The faint sounds echo into the interior of his bedroom coming somewhere between the east to west walls.
He cocks his bone skull to the side and listens with his eardrums and as his mind pinpoints sound comes exclusively from west wall which is near and low.
He reaches down on the floor and snatches up a dirty yellow colored tee shirt overlaying over his naked chest and lucky that he has fallen asleep in his dirty jeans from high school again.
Drake inhales and then exhales while fighting off the tension and fear inside his sharp mind and his two shaky arms, leaning over, jerking a wooden baseball bat from underneath his bed frame. He stands upright with a soft sneer and lifts the bat parallel to the floor at his shoulder height readying for the impeding surprise attack to his sleepy body from an intruder.
He could contact the two trustworthy, dependable, and highly paid security guards which are posted at the entrance gate, if he wants to become a wussie baby. Instead, Drake wants to investigate the noisy disturbance first hand and then run like a toddler with a pair of wet diapers for sissy help, following up with a girly scream through the unbolted front door towards the paid guards. 
Inside his bedroom, beside the bed frame, Drake slowly exits through the first archway from his bedroom unit, which cords off his private bedroom space mostly away from his two goofy friends, who want to mess up the expensive bed covers. He slowly moves ahead and exposes his body partially into the semi-lighted living room setting within his 150 bedroom setting, keeping in the open air waves for an emergency escape. He lightly creeps on his two arched footballs closer to the entrance side wall, stopping every two feet, scanning with the each wall. He looks back over his collar bone and views the other side wall and the bedroom unit through the first archway while he intensively listens and studiously watches for any dangerous and quick-draw movements. The rear view is clear.
He continues to stand and quickly assesses the audio sound which is located clearly on the entrance wall beside the numerous filled shelves of expensive electronic equipment and then he swiftly concludes that thief is inside the Hatem Manor stealing all of his electronics.
However, that is not a possible crime sight!
His house had been sealed tight and right when Drake had checked and then had double-checked all the locked doors and sealed windows. Then he had set the house alarm, after Ash and Josh had safety left his property while driving away in their truck. No one could have entered from the outside woodland forest setting without tripping the house alarm.
So, someone has entered from the inside basement door.
Yeah, a spy.
Drake gracefully dances on each football and holds the baseball bat near his eardrum for the murderous attack readiness, sliding towards the entrance wall, scanning the semi-dark room. Then he stops with a gasp and hears the soft sounds, viewing the entrance door, which is partial closed, like usual. Then his eyeballs dart down the side wall and halts at a dark figure that helplessly flounders their horizontal body inside the shallow depths on his king-sized waterbed, looking up, viewing a ceiling opening the size of a motorcycle bike above the broken waterbed furniture, where an intruder has crash-landed like an outer space meteorite down on top of the fragile bed and waves of water.
He dashes ahead and splashes his naked toes in the cold water and then stops, holding the baseball bat near his eardrum, examining the broken bed frame, surveying a mysterious person that lightly drowns in the shallow water puddle.
An individual has fallen fanny first breaking the rubber mattress, lounging neck deep inside the musky water as a pair of wiggling arms and two hands flap up and down in the air while trying to displace the water from a semi-dark face. The rest of their body is covered in the torn rubber material and waves of ripping water currents which is produced by swimming motions.
Drake continues to stand and softly chuckles at the silly sight, dropping down the baseball bat with a loud thud on top of the wooden floor, reaching down towards the mysterious person. He captures and then jerks each flinging hand and arm into his chest, slowly lifting the rest of the hidden body over the busted bed frame, controlling the panicked individual from drowning and quickly wraps his two strong biceps around her chest.
He instantly recognizes a female since Drake has been physically probing a female starting at the age of fourteen years old with the permission and assistance from his father. The first difference between a boy and a girl is her softer skin, her leaner muscles, and her delicate bone structure, especially if all above matter is lightly perfumed with a soft flora scent of flowers.
At six feet and six inches in height, weighting in at 224 pounds of taunt and tough steel muscles for surviving those sneaky quarterback attacks from opposing aggressive and over-hyped defensive linemen for kicks, bench pressing over 400 pounds of iron weights for strength, executing his infamous Hale Mary football passes for the winning each and every football game, Drake is not an average teenager.
Drake places her active and kicking naked feet upright on top of the wet floor as the mysterious female continues to fight with her two naked feet and two cupped hands against his body parts. However, this is his house, his bedroom, his broken waterbed, and now, his girl.
And his healthy biological body instantly realizes that she is completely wet and totally nude while she is tucked inside his two biceps as she swiftly snips her mouth for more oxygen and calmly leans her wet face into his naked chest as his raging male hormones wildly react to their close together impromptu magical moment.
She swiftly attacks with her ten toe nails and two naked feet as her only weapons at his two thick muscular teenage legs, since his two biceps are wrapped around her shoulders and her waistline. Then she says with a funny accent, “Er tus ree cal pux…”
Drake tightens his grip around her collar bones making her stop moving, shaking her two soft limbs. He rumbles with annoyance in his deep baritone trombone. “Calm down, gorgeous! I rescued you from drowning inside the broken waterbed frame, honey. The least, I can get is a thank you.”
She slowly pulls back from his chest and views his male features in silence.
He smiles at her as she blinks and then faints into unconscious dropping her limp skull and slender upright body down into Drake’s two arms.
He cuddles her and snorts out loud, “Maybe, I’ll get that thank you, tomorrow.” He lifts and then cradles her dead weight into his chest. Lucky for the female, his bedroom setting near the entrance wall is completely darkness which prevents him a hot eye burn of her naked body with her warm sizzling soft skin that taunts his naked chest.
He can feel her feminine features which are very generous massaging his manly skin as his manly mind and his teenly hormones dance wild and free. 
He slowly back traces towards one of the long sofa and grabs one of the throw blankets, draping it over her innocence, exhaling with anticipation.
Drake carefully moves ahead with her and exits his private bedroom, slowly strolling down the third floor hallway, entering the second bedroom.
Inside the second bedroom, he moves to the second bathroom setting, gathering two bath towels for her wet hair and her wet body. Last thing he needs is a sick and sneezing bathing beauty, since he plans to collect that “thank you” promise, after a proper introduction and probably a plate of hot food tomorrow morning. His two childhood friends Ash and Josh are not going to believe this beautiful daydream.
Drake strolls ahead with a smile and stops, placing her unconscious body down on top of the second bed frame with a silver and maroon warm bedcover. He wraps one bath towel around her long wet hair and tucks the ends around her neck, placing the second bath towel around her two kneecaps and two wet feet, since the short throw blanket has absorbed most of the excess water and works perfectly hiding her breasts and her hips. He wraps the bed cover her wrapped body like a dead queen and slowly back steps from her and the wet bed cover, yawning for sleep, slowly spinning around and exits the second bedroom.
He struts down the hallway with a smile and enters his private bedroom, rolling back into his “dead king something Louie” bed frame, then falling sweetly asleep.

At 09:02 am with 56ºF with parted clouds and bright sunlight inside the private bedroom setting of high school senior student Drake Hatem, he smoothly rolls to the side and touches soft velveteen curtain, stirring his two eyelids open to stare at the thick green hue, wiping off the dried crude from each eye socket. He brushes a dirty face with both of his palms, swinging backwards, landing flat on his back spine and stares at the white colored wooden planks. He softly moans for the new day without any activities without…
He swiftly sits upright on his elbows with a gasp and stares into the front view of green colored curtain around his bed frame without seeing the rest of his bedroom or the long empty hallway, swiftly rolling off the bed mattress, standing upright with a gasp of shock.
He leans over and grabs the thick curtain, parting the item, viewing the archway, not seeing the entrance wall into his bedroom. His body shivers with remembrance and as his emotions leap into his tight throat.
He exits the curtain and stops, standing in place, exhaling with nervousness. He slowly stomps ahead from his bed frame and the thick curtain and exits the first archway, moving ahead towards the entrance wall, gasping in shock.
The entrance wall inside his private bedroom has been slightly damaged as he eye burns the surreal scene and gasps in shock at the waterbed.
An eight-foot grizzly bear had parachuted down in an eagle spread formation from the sky, through a series of ceiling planks of wood, and then landed down on top of the waterbed, breaking the ceiling rafters and the bed frame. The wooden bed frame had balked and then bent into the bear’s will collapsing upon itself in the center wooden panel.
Water slowly drips down from each broken corner on the waterbed while gallons of water drifts around the four squat furniture legs while some of the excess liquid dangerously drains into some of the electronic equipment which is stored on the bottom shelf on the entrance wall. Good thing, Ash always switches off that nasty porn show playing on all the three plasma television devises or there might have been a true fire bomb inside Drake's bedroom.
Drake swiftly paces backwards from the mess and smell of the stale water that continues to evaporate inside his room and then stops, leaning against the door archway while pondering the events from last night. Then, Drake remembers…
He turns and exits the door, skipping down the dark and cool hallway towards the second bedroom, where the loser of the waterbed fight sleeps for the night during each fun boyhood sty over with Ash and Josh at Hatem Manor.
Josh usually wins the brotherly competition for the waterbed furniture, since Ash is the kind southern gentleman while allowing Josh the shallow victory.
Inside the hallway, Drake stops with a gasp and stands inside the curved archway of white paint, viewing a wrinkled bedcover in dark blue hue on top of a female body, who sleeps on her stomach muscles and exposes her pair of long legs down from her knees for his pleasant eye viewing pleasure.
The bed comforter covers most of her resting body, except for her head of black tinted long wavy hair that fans the bed pillow. The two bath towels seductively drape the edge on the bed mattress.
He exhales with disbelief and shakes his bone skull, whispering for his eardrums. “The female is a mirage. Yeah! This mirage happens when a person drinks too much.” Drake enjoys bottles of cold beer like most guys but he doesn’t get wasted like the lower percentile of morons here within the male world.
He continues to shake his bone skull and whispers for his eardrums. “Yeah, I am envisioning that hot babe image from eating too many chocolate sweets last night, before bedtime.”
Each night, Housekeeper Myra prepares Drake a tray of healthy and sinful snacks. However, Drakes only enjoys eating the sinful snack while making his body full with a sugar high that overloads his gray matter the next morning.
He quietly moves inside the room without awakening the beauty or the beast as he halts at the foot, her foot.
The female doesn’t stir from his prowler-type advancement moves as her face is completely buried down underneath the bed comforter while her single foot pad is exposed with a series of tiny little dark lines that contrasts against her pale skin. Drake has never studied a human foot pad before, but her foot heel bone is narrow leading the foot soul to curve upward into a set of wide toe pads much like a cute baby duckling webbed foot.
He then ponders her correct shoe size.
The length of your foot soul is similar to an open palm on your hand with numerous tiny vertical oddly geometric shapes that connect upwards to each individual toe pad coming from the bottom of the heel ball. Her white tinted foot soul looks like an artist has sketched out a design on top of a dark blue tinted background similar to one of the pictures inside a high school biology textbook at his high school.
There is a series of tiny light gaps between each one of her five toes meaning she possesses a set of tall and thin bones which are surrounded by her pale epidermis that glows and gleams against the bright sun rays bombarding the bedroom. Her right foot beautifully holds a red colored birthmark in the shape of solid star inside the curved arch below her big toe.
Drake admires her naked ankle bone first, then her lean muscular calf, and finally her exposed thigh muscle, reaching out with his hand and then halts in the air while feeling his lustful temptation to view the rest of her naked body which is covered by the bed comforter.
He whispers for his eardrums, “Okay! This is a dream or a mirage or a nightmare. Which one are you, girl?” He exhales with confusion and extends his finger, gingerly touching her ankle bone which is the farthest body feature from her wicked fighting arm span. His index finger gently taps on her exposed skin feeling her warm temperature and softer than silk skin tissue.
The female immediately awakes and snaps open both of her eyelashes, flipping around, sitting upright on top of the unfamiliar bed mattress, wearing the silver bed cover. She slams both of her shoulder blades against the hard headboard in shock as the entire bed frame shimmies within the metal frames on top of the white colored carpet.
Drake continues to stand and stare at her in silence at the edge of the bed frame.
She does not move her body from the bed mattress and as her pair of eyeballs scan the room, viewing each wall, the ceiling, the floor, and many pieces of furniture items, returning back to see seventeen year old high schooler Drake. She immediately senses safety here with the unknown male teenager and turns to view the side wall with a row of glass windows which are not covered in a set of decorative curtains, seeing the bright sunlight of a new day. Completely satisfied that she is safe and secure, she returns back and tilts her chin, staring at the male teen, speaking in sexy alto saxophone. “Drake.”
He gasps in shock and stutters his words, slapping his chest in puzzlement. “Do you know me?”
She slowly smiles. “I do not know you, but I recall your name.”
He lifts both of his open palms near his frown, speaking with a firm tone. “Hold a sec, darling! How is that possible? Who are you? Where did you come from? And how did you happen to fall through the roof rafters and down into my bedroom?” He gasps in alarm. “How can you speak perfect English words? Last night, you were talking with some really weird stuff.”
“That weird stuff is my native tongue.” She nods with a grin at Drake.
“What country are you from, honey? What native tongue is that? I didn’t recognize any of these words?”
She giggles with a wink, “So many questions coming from you?” She pushes the bed comforter from her chin and exposes her swan neck.
He shouts out loud in panic, “Don’t! You didn’t have any clothes on underneath that bed covers.”
“O!” She innocently draws the bed comforter up and covers her chin, giggling with a wink.
He shifts side to side with a smile. “Hold on! Lemme get you a shirt and some running shorts.” Drake spins around from the bed frame and dashes ahead to a chest with six drawers which holds some of his old clothes and stops, pulling out the first drawer, searching for the items. He swiftly jerks out each items and spins around, dashing back to the edge of her bed mattress, tossing each time with his accurate football skills into her face. He points at each item with a smile. “Uh! I think you can fit into the larger shirt with ease. The running shorts have an elastic waistband for your…smaller size.”
“Thank you.” She smiles without touching the items.
He slaps his chest with a head nod of happiness that she is not violent or vicious to his body, “I…I…will go and get us some food. Are you hungry for some food? I am hungry for a plate of food. Get dress! Then come down the staircase and move through the entrance foyer, turn right, and enter into the kitchen setting. The kitchen space is massive. You can’t miss it. I’ll be in there making a mess stirring us some breakfast meal. Okay?” Drake continues to stand in place and smiles at her.
“Okay.” She softly words without movement.
He slowly back steps towards the bedroom archway and nods to her. “What’s your name, honey?”
“Mella.” She grins.
Drake nods with a smile. “It is very nice to meet you here, Mella.”
“It is very nice to meet you here, also, Drake.”
“Well, I guess that I will see all of you down stairs in the kitchen for the breakfast meal, for some food.” He thumbs back his collar bone and continues to stare with a smile at her in silence.
“Okay, Drake.” She does not move and continues to smile at him.
He nods at her and spins around, slapping his nose bridge into the hard door frame like an idiot, quickly back pedals from the side wall, slowly moving ahead with a silly smile. He vanishes from the doorway and moves into the hallway, whispering for his eardrums. “She is real. And her name is Mella.”
“Okay, Drake.” She shouts out loud from the bed mattress and as her words each into the hallway while throwing the bed comforter off her body and down onto the floor.
At 09:48 am, inside the kitchen setting, an array of soft sounds consisting of taps, tings, and pings bombard the room. Drake stands beside the circular breakfast wooden table and cannot decide where to place a small crystal glass vase that holds the freshly cut thirteen combined pink and yellow carnations flowers which came from the local grocery store florist department. Every Saturday morning, a courier from the local grocery store stops by the Hatem Manor with bags of food items that had been ordered by Housekeeper Myra for the week.
Drake's mother had always prepared and cooked their breakfast meal every morning on Saturday, whether his biological father had been present or not and she had provided a small crystal glass vase with a fresh arrangement of pink and yellow flower carnations on top of their shared breakfast table for a pleasant decoration and interesting conversation.
Drake does not have his mother or her breakfast meals any longer, but each colorful flower carnation’s sweet fresh smell reminds him of his mother's heavenly presence inside his manor. He believes that his mother is in heaven and watches over her son like an invisible friend.
In front the breakfast table, Drakes smiles at the warmth energy around his body while thinking of her loving hugs and her tender warm hand touches on her son, placing the vase of flowers in the center of the table. He reaches down and shuffles dark orange tinted stoneware on top of the table for two people with an accompanying blue and orange strip cloth napkin. The spoon lies on the right side for a pan of steaming scrambled eggs and a knife on the left portion for buttering the warm toast. He seats his plate at the head of the table with the other food plate for his new mysterious and strange guest, who is named Mella, on his right like the way his mom had instructed.
Drake gently scoots the flower vase closer to her place setting, so Mella can enjoy the scent and sight of the fresh cut flowers.
From an empty and cold foyer hallway, new guest Mella sashays her tallness into a bright room setting in the shape of a rectangle figure, viewing each stainless steel appliance, consisting of a stove top with a bottom baking oven, three microwaves, two refrigerators, one built-in deep purple colored granite counter top that compliment the orange colored wooden cabinets between each appliance stall.
The long side wall presents a long granite counter top that runs across a peach painted wall with four underneath orange tinted closed cabinet doors and a row of three stainless steel wash sinks on top of the granite to clean and prepare each cooked meal. The opposite long side wall displays a set of glass doors, opening onto a bricked pink tinted flat patio setting which is off the side on the kitchen room.
In front the breakfast table, Drake spins around with a smile and stares at Mella. She slowly strolls ahead and jiggles her feminine assets inside his loose yellow tinted tee shirt towards the cozy corner in the kitchen setting. She smiles. “Your place is grand.” She continues to view the room scanning from the ceiling planks down to the tile floor and finally rests a pair of green eyeballs on each flower pot which is located on the patio through the glass door while, studying the wildlife.
“Thank you and good morning, Mella. Are you hungry for a plate of food?” He points down at one of the padded cushion that curls into a half-moon bench which goes around the small breakfast nook and then shoves ahead towards the stove top while checking each heated pan.
Mella continues ahead towards Drake and views each colorful skillet with a smile. “Good morning, Drake, again! Yes, I would very much so enjoy a plate of food.”
“Do you cook your own plates of food, Mella?” He stops in front of the oven and lifts the spatula stirring a cup of freshly chopped cheese down into the cooking scrambled eggs, before it scorches.
“No.” She stops and stands slightly behind Drake and observes his cooking skills.
“Do you have a preference for certain kinds of food groups?” He wonders if she has a food allergy.
“No.” She studies his moving hands.
“You’re too easy!” He laughs and removes the heated skillet of cooked eggs and cheese from heated stove eye.
She frowns down at the heated stove eye. “No.”
“I am sorry. That was a joke, a really bad joke.” He back steps and spins around, grabbing her arm, pulling her body from the stove towards the breakfast table nook and then stops. he leans down and pets the soft cushion, laughing with a smile. “Come over here and have a seat, princess.”
She scoots into the table nook and admires the place setting of dishes and utensils. “Thank you.”
He spins around and jogs back to the stove, lifting up the skillet of hen eggs mixed with cheese, red onions, green peppers, and his special tomato sauce, slowly moving back to the table. He stops and fills her plate with food, saying with a smile. “This is my special day and my special meal, every Saturday….”
“I thought every day is a special day here.” Mella stares down at the plate of sizzling melted orange cheese over the steaming yellow tinted eggs.
He scoots around the table with a smile and fills his plate with the food. “I guess so. We could argue philosophy while eating our breakfast meal at the breakfast table. But, every Saturday is a special day for me. My mom and I used to eat, chat, and bond every Saturday morning here, since I was a child, before my weekend activities.” Drake spins around and removes the heated pan, placing back onto the oven top, swinging around back to the table with Mella.
“Where is your mother?” She slowly spoons a portion of the sizzling cheese with eggs and holds it in the air for cooling the item.
He sits down on top of the bench seat and bows his chin with a quick prayer for his plate of food, his new female guest, and his mother in heaven, looking up with a stern face. “My mom passed into heaven a long time now.”
“I am so sorry, Drake,” she eats a small bite of food and enjoys the tart and cool favors, chewing slowly.
“Thanks! Anyways, Saturday morning is a special time for me, now.” He stirs his food together and allows the heated items to cool.
She reaches out and touches the yellow flower carnation, feeling the soft petals, leaning down her nose bridge and smell the aroma. She sits back and smiles at the flower, “Sweet.”
“My mom always provided a vase of fresh flowers which always were carnations flowers on the table during our shared breakfast meal. I kept the tradition …” he eats the food and chews the meal.
“And your mother’s memory in the present,” she turns and smiles at Drake.
He swallows the food and nods with a smile. “Yeah, our time together was our special day. Is there a special day for you, maybe today?” Drake joshes with his un-invited but welcomed mystery guest, eating the food, chewing the meal.
“Why would today become a special day for me? I do not understand,” she looks up and frowns at him.
“You know.” He eats the food and then chews the meal, swallowing the lump of food. “Is today not a special time or day? Do you remember crashing down through my broken ceiling this morning? Are you a night skydiver? Night diving is a very dangerous sport, isn’t it?”
“I’m not a night skydiver.” She eats and chews the food.
“You don’t look old enough to fly an airplane or fly through the night and skydive. Are you an airplane pilot?”
“You didn’t alert the local police authorities about my surprise invasion inside your house, this morning. Yet, you don’t seem concerned about the damage to all of your personal possessions and your grand house. I think I have might have damaged the house roof, when I fell through the ceiling, last night.”
He frowns. “Do you fall off the roof and then landed down through the rafters? That does not make any sense to me.”
“I fell through the atmosphere creating a great big hole in the house roof, landing down in a water pond. Why is there a pond of water inside your house, Drake?” She stirs the eggs.
“It was a waterbed.”
“Why is there a pond of water on your bed mattress?” She looks up and frowns at him.
He smiles. “The pond of water is located inside the bed frame. There is a thick, tough, rubber lining inside the bed frame which is filled with cold water. I had used the water with filled water when I had injured my body during a football game. I had rested my hurt shoulder blade on top of the soft material, instead of a hard object, such like, a sofa or a bed mattress.” He eats the toast and chews the meal, staring at Mella.
“That sounds oddly strange but very comfortable.” She spreads jam over the toast, eating half of the food item.
“It is. I’ll purchase another bed for …” he gasps in shock. “Never mind!”
Mella finishes the glass of cold milk and places the spoon back on the left side of her plate, consuming the breakfast items, leaning over the table surface. She cocks her jaw line and stares at Drake, “Why am I here, Drake?”
He swallows the food and then chuckles, winking at her, “I do believe that’s my question, darling. You fell through my roof rafters without sustaining any damage to your body,” his eyeballs darts down at her jiggling breasts that flutter through his light colored tee shirt and as his mind contains a set of lusty thoughts. He looks up and nods to her, “Well, I heard you first. Then I found you second. Then I carried your unconsciousness nude self into the guest bedroom third. Now, we’re having the breakfast meal together. I guess I like to entertain an un-invited guest.” He scoops up a spoonful of eggs and lifts up both of his eyebrows at her with his flirting action at sexy Mella.
“Ex lucem ferre ad incendi rutilus hic altar anglia.” She voices in a deep sexy alto tone and wears an wicked smile, staring at Drake.
He drops the spoonful of eggs with a worried brow as the stainless steel musically chimes against the stoneware. He continues  to stare with worry at Mella and exhales with fear.
“You have summoned me here to your house and your person, Drake.” She narrows her eyelashes which barely shows a gleam of her green pupils. “Why did you do that, Drake?”
“It really worked.” He continues to stare at Mella and whispers with a scary tone for his eardrums only.
“If you’re referring that silly little Latin incantation which dumped me down into a pond of stale water…”
“It was your weight or more likely the impact of your body that break the wooden frame on the bed. Actually, the pond of water had saved your life. If you had hit the hard wood flooring …”
“Drake, why did you summon to your house and your person a destroyer angel?” She sharply demands.
He gasps in alarm and stutters in fear, “A destroyer with the two alphabetic letters of E and R in the same word.”
“I am a destroyer angel. You forgot to add the angel part.” She slightly parts her naturally red tinted lips into a smirk at Drake.
He gasps in shock and then nods in curiosity. “The angel part, does that mean you posses a set of supernatural powers?”
“Yeah, I possess tons of supernatural powers, megatons of supernatural power that are really big bad supernatural powers.”
“What kind of angel is a destroyer?”
She sits back and leans into the seat cushions smiling at him, “A destroyer one, I destroy really bad things.”
“What kinds of bad things? Do you destroy every bad thing? I have been told that I’m a good thing, sometimes. Are you planning to destroy me, Mella?” He prays for his earthly life force.
“No, Drake! You have summoned me here to your house and your person. So, I am now more like your servant, if I literally translate your silly little Latin incantation from last night.”
“He did it.” He looks down at his plate and whispers for his eardrums, “I can’t believe this. He really did.” Drake looks up and smiles at Mella, studying her female features. She displays a head of black hair, a pair of red tinted lips without girly lipstick. He clears his throat and smiles at Mella, “So, if you are really an angel, then can you prove it to me. My friend Josh said that he could conjure up an angel but you are really different from my vivid imagination. I thought all angels wear a shiny, glowing halo, a pair of white satiny angel wings, shimmering pale tinted skin and a head of long unruly strawberry blonde curly hair.”
“They do.” She sneered with a soft chuckle.
“But you are not wearing a sparkling halo or a pair of white colored angel wings, why not?” He frowns and stares at her black hair roots, without a glowing halo. “Where are your set of white tinted wings?”
She laughs out loud and then curls her red tinted lips, sneering at Drake, “I am not a heavenly angel, Drake.”
He gasps in alarm and meekly speaks with worry and fear, “If you are not a heavenly angel, then what are you? Who are you? Where do you come from, Mella?”
She exhales with annoyance and smiles at him, “Drake, there exists different types of angels within the cosmic, who are used for a different purpose keeping the universe in balance. There are messenger angels, guardian angels, faithful angels, fallen angels, tainted angels, warrior angels …”
“So, are you one of the guardian angels? I do know that I have a guardian angel that protects and watches over me,” he nods with a smile.
“No.”
He frowns. “So then, are you a warrior angel for battles here on Planet Earth?”
No, I am not a guardian or a warrior angel. I am a destroyer angel,” she nods with a stern face.
“Okay. Is this a problem for me?” He fears for earthly life force sitting beside an unknown and mysterious destroyer angel, who might not come from heavenly plane, but someplace else.
She turns with a stern face and views the kitchen setting, exhaling with worry, whispering for drama. “Yes, this is a problem for the both of us. I shouldn’t be here at your house or near your person.”
He gasps in shock, “Geez! I’m so sorry for me and for you. What in the world and on the planet in the universe can I do to repair the damage for me and for you, Mella?” 
She returns back and growls at Drake. “Damage done!”
“Okay! Are you mad at me?” He frowns.
She shakes her curls with deep confusion, “No, I am not mad at you, Drake. I am more confused here while living in the present on Planet Earth.” Mella turns and views the glass patio door like she is waiting and watching for someone. “I am a creature of energy. Your energy was pretty awesome to summon me here inside your house and beside your human person,” she returns back and winks at Drake.
He nods with a stern face to Mella. “So, were do you really come from, if you don’t mind me asking?”
She swings back and views the window, admiring the blue sky with a flock of flying black birds, softly saying. “I come from out there in the cosmic, as you humans would say. This friend of yours who is named Josh. Is Josh some type of a preacher or Holy Man?”
“Josh, he is an offensive lineman,” he chuckles.
She returns back and gasps in alarm at Drake, “A what? Is he an oaf?”
Drake laughs and shakes his bone skull. “Some females might paint Josh with that nasty mental image. Actually, he’s a teen like me. He was bored with his high school assignments while looking for ways to stay in trouble, with me. He’s trying to help me find a hot date to the upcoming annual football game homecoming dance which is being held on next Friday night.”
“Who is coming home? Is it a family member? Are they ill with a disease or an aliment?” She frowns.
“No person is coming home, Mella. At my high school, there’s a football game, next Friday evening, and then there’s a dance, right after the game to celebrate our victory, which is like a party. Do you know what a party is?”
She slowly nods with a stern face. “People. Food. Laughter.”
He nods and laughs out loud. “Yeah, these elements are present along with dancing. I don’t have a hot date for the dance, after the football game.”
She winks with a smirk, “I can't believe that, such a fine male species, like yourself.”
“Well, my former girl, who was my former date, had dumped me at the last minute.”
“That’s where I come into the picture then. Do I have your story updated correctly?” She nods with a stern face.
He rubs the nape of his neck and slightly smiles. “Well, all the girls worthy of a goddess worship had been taken.”
Mella laughs with a musically ting. “O! I clearly hear and totally comprehend. You do not date a female, who is below your goddess standard beauty rule, isn't right, Drake.”
“I’m going dateless to the dance, when my buddy Josh insisted that he had gotten the perfect solution, which is that silly little Latin incantation, that I had read out loud on top of my bedroom floor last night. I promise you. I had no idea beyond my dull and colorless imagination that these silly Latin words spoke …”
“...summoned an angel. Those silly Latin words are real, true, and very powerful. I’m impressed with you.” Mella winks and then reaches over, grabbing his toast, biting into the food item and chews.
He gasps in shock and then smirks at her. “Good! Very good! I am very impressed with you, all of you, too.” Drake winks and picks up the spoon, filling the utensil with cold eggs, chewing the food.
She giggles with a wicked smile. “Hmm! The male ritual of flirtation does not seem to be your problem, Drake.”
He swallows the cold lump of food and then smiles, “And I could conclude that you do not have the same problem either.”
“Since, I am here as summoned by your silly Latin magical words.”
“Does that mean you must obey me?” He nods with a grin.
“Nice try, slick! No! I am an angel, not a genie, Drake.” Mella frowns.
“Are there really such things as a genie?”
“Yes, there are, such things, as other supernatural creatures and people that I can’t begin to describe to you. But, back to our discussion, I’m an independent person or entity or individual with my own ideas, interests, and feelings like you. However, I’m only here temporarily …”
“So, the Latin incantation wears off for me, on you.” He nods.
She nods with a grin, “Yeah, something like that. I must explain that I am stuck here for the next seven days which is measured in Earth time, until I can return…”
“Return back to where? Where do you come from, Mella?”
Mella doesn’t spill her secrets to the smart little human teen male, smirking with soft tone. “Where I belong and you don’t. Since I’m stuck here, we can hang together for the next seven days as you, humans say.”
“You can meet my two friends Ash and Josh first thing, this morning.” He wants his two pals to know the truth about that silly little Latin incantation spell.
“No!” She puffs musically and shakes her black curls. “No encounters with any other teens. I must be stay incognito, until the …”
“....the annual football game homecoming Dance on next Friday night,” he nods with a stern face. “And then you are gone from my life.”
She turns and stares out the window, speaking with a soft tone, “Yes, I am gone, but at the moment, I am not accustomed to here.”
“Don’t fret it, girl! The homecoming dance is next week on Friday. This is technically called Saturday with Earth time.” He smiles at his personal angel. “You can safely hide out here with me in my house for next six days of the week, enjoying the television devise with numerous discs with movies and other entertainment programs and make your body at home here in my home as we, humans like to say.” Mella nods with a smile. He swiftly stands and leans down, gathering up the dirty dishes as a good southern host, which he had been taught by his mom. He slowly spins around and moves ahead towards one of the wash sinks, saying with a smile. “I can show you my house first. Then we together can do something for fun later in the afternoon. How does that sound for a plan, Mella?”
She slowly scoots off the cushion and stands upright on top of the tile floor, watching his back spine, “That is alright with me. As long as I don’t meet any more teens or young creatures like your person.”
He stops and stands at the first wash sink, gently placing the stack of dirty dishes down into the steel cased lining and then washes his dirty hands, saying with a smile. “No sweat! Since you’re an angel and possess a set of supernatural powers, can you fly or disappear?” He spins around and flings both clean and wet hands in the air, reaching out for a clean towel, wiping the wetness from his two hands, grinning at Mella.
She stares at Drake and smiles. “Yes, I can do lots of nifty tricks but not on this plane.” She looks up and examines the hard wooden planks on the ceiling while pondering thoughtfully.
“You were talking in an odd language really early this morning after you had landed here. Now, you speak in a set of perfect American words within your perfect sentences for both of us to communicate.” He dropped the wet towel onto the counter top and smiled at her.
“Sorbeo,” she looks down and grins at Drake.
“Isn't that Latin word?” He frowns and then laughs out loud. “Sorbeo, the word means to suck…”
“Suck in…”
“Suck on…”
“Suck in which means to absorb,” she frowns.
He winks with a grin. “O! I thought you said suck on. I missed it and confused the verb. Sorry about that!”
She flicks two of her blue tinted fingers at Drake with a growl. “Maybe, I should fix your hearing. Or is it those set of human ears that cannot hear my correct words, Drayton?”
He continues to stand without fear and winks at her playfulness. “Thanks for the fix! But I’m fine. I like my human ears and my human hearing. So, why do you have the ability to suck in?” Drake chuckles.
“In theory, I can absorb any or all talents by a simple touch tip of my finger pad onto the skin on a human. I have this innate talent of sorbeo while learning or absorbing all of your human abilities immediately as a survival mode, mostly within a strange environment like here in your house and on your planet.”
“That’s cool! What else can you do?” He desires to learn more about her and her innate talents.
“I can perform practically anything.”
“Does that include killing a person or another entity?”
“Yeah, I have the right to kill a nosy and mischievous teen male for summoning me here and unexpectedly out of my home. Yeah, I can do that, too.” Mella laughs with a wickedly smile.
Drake swallows the lump of bitter bile back down his tight throat from her vocal threat and softly defends his intents and his body while tattling on his two friends. “Josh and Ash, they forced me to do it. They held me down on the floor and bent my elbows back and capped my knees in pain, until I read out loud each Latin word …”
“Relax, Drake! I like you. I don’t know about my nice feelings for Josh,” she smiles.
He nods with a stern face. “Well, you will get to meet them at the homecoming dance for a one quickie nanosecond of your life. I promise that. Then they will be gone from your life at the homecoming dance. Poof! Out of your eyesight, until you leave. I promise that. Please, don’t hurt my two best friends.”
“I like you, Drake. I’m here. I’m stay. And I’ll enjoy meeting Josh for one quickie nanosecond of his life.” She laughs.
He nods with a smile. “That’s good to know. I live and so does Josh.”
“This football game homecoming dance which is being held on next Friday night, what is my function as your hot date?” She nods.
He claps with excitement and nods to her, “You are my hot date to the dance. The teens dance. So, you and me dance all night long. And you do not accept any dances from another teen ever.”
She nods. “I understand. I only dance at the football game homecoming dance with you, Drake.”
He smiles. “Yeah, and you’re a quick study, too. I like that. By the way, can you dance, Mella?”
She gasps in alarm, “I…I’m not certain that I can dance. So, maybe, I can’t go to the football game homecoming dance with you.”
“No prob!” He turns and examines the kitchen setting, nodding with a smile. The kitchen is clean, so we can start your dance lessons.” Drake slowly moves ahead and extends his open palm to her. Mella reaches out and touches his open palm with a smile. He gently slaps both of his palms over her hand, nodding with a smile. “You’re so soft.”
“...like a snake...” she giggles with amusement.
He releases her hand and then frowns. “A snake does not possess soft skin.”
“Their skin is very soft and pliable. Haven’t you ever touched a snake?” Too bad, she can’t read his mental thoughts inside his closed mind, since she is a destroyer angel with limited abilities here on the Earth plane.
He rubs the nape of his neck with worry and stares with danger at a destroyer angel that destroys bad things. He ponders which unearthly realm a destroyer angel comes from and her purpose within the cosmic, recalling the dangerous answer to her personal dangerous question, clearing his tight throat and puffs musically. “No.”
“Well, we can fix that. There are a few snakes living inside flower beds throughout the patio garden. So, maybe later, today, we can go out and touch one. How’s that, Drake?” She smiles.
He smiles at her dangerous play and nods his bone skull, “I guess we can, but after I can the kitchen and your dance lessons and…”
She waves her hand near her smile. A yellow light swiftly invades coming from the patio glass window and illuminates each wall, the ceiling, the floor, and all the counter tops, sounding with a soft echo of tings, pings, and dings. The magical light swiftly fades. Each dirty cooking pan, eating dish, and utensil is gone from the messy counter top. Each cooking and eating item has been cleaned and then neatly stored back into the cabinet.
He turns and gasps in alarm at the clean counter tops in the kitchen setting, saying with a meek voice, “How did you do all of that?”
“I am a destroyer angel and I possess a ton of angel powers, Drake. I told you that at our first encounter. Is there something wrong with your human ears, again?” She giggles with delight.
He returns back and smiles at her. “Wow! I can’t wait to see you strut …” 
“Strut!”
“I wanna see you strut your new dance moves,” he lifts up both of his eyebrows with playful amusement.
She frowns. “What are dance moves?”
“Yeah, you new dance moves,” Drake reaches out and grabs her arm, dragging Mella from the kitchen, across the empty foyer setting, and into the grand living room floor. He stops and stands in the middle of the empty room on top of the wooden floor in front of her upright body, smiling into her face. He nods with a smile. “Okay! I’m going to teach you how to dance some of the common teen ritual moves. Do you perform any angel ritual dances at your home place for fun or for celebrate?”
She continues to stand in both shock and confusion, slowly shaking her long black curls, wearing a stern face at Drake. “No, we do no dance for fun or for celebration.”
“O! That’s sucks.” He swings around with a smile and moves ahead toward the long side wall and stops at the built-in book shelf which holds a disc player on the third level, pushes the button, cramming the selected CD into the mechanic horizontal tray. The musical notes arch at the electric guitar which is played by one of the musicians from the Eagles rock and roll musical group, who sing their 1970’s hit song, Life in the Fast Lane.
He spins around with a wink and shakes his body in place while staring at Mella. She continues to stand in place and watches Drake with intrigue, wearing the yellow tinted tee shirt burned with the fighting words: Burn U.
Burn U is representative of the Birmingham University Football team motto, where the university is located within the city limits of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama.
The tee shirt falls at her kneecaps. She displays a pair of bare feet.
Drake continues to stand in place and then bends both of his kneecaps, flexing his curved spine backwards, strumming an air guitar with a set of flying finger pads as the true musical song peaks at the guitar solo. He stops the strum and stands upright, slowly sliding his naked toe bones across the soft wood, jiggling both of his hip bones side to side, smiling at Mella. He claps and nods with excitement. “Come on and get down, Mella!”
She continues to stand in place and looks down at the floor with confusion. “I’m not standing on top of a wooden ladder, Drake. My feet are flat on top of the cold, smooth wooden polished floor. I can smell the polished wood inside my nostrils.” She returns back and stares at Drake with seriousness. "I do believe your eye vision needs to be checked for a case of sudden brain trauma hallucinations which could be caused by…”
“The two words, get down, means to come and dance only with me,” he continues to clap and then wiggles his two hip bones at her.
“O!” She frowns.
Drake dances closer to her and admires her two pupils that hold a ring of dark violet color around each pupil that dilates from the bright sunshine that bombards the cool wooden floor. Her skin tone radiates warmth and light like a glittering candle. Her two lips are smooth and red tinted and curved-shaped and her long natural straight waist length hair drapes her shoulders down to the corners of her pointy elbows with a blue-black silky shine. Mella is beautiful like a delicate Porcelain doll.
“You start to dance by wiggling both of your hip bones, like so,” he swings his hip bones to the left and then to the right, diving around in a circle for her visual demonstration, holding both of his arms and hands parallel to the floor while chuckling with enjoyment.
“Wiggle! What is a wiggle?” She frowns down at his shaking body with confusion.
He reaches out and touches her collar bone with each hand as she visually tenses from his stark motion. He leans over and performs a series of sweet breathes into her face. “Relax! I don’t bite.”
She looks up and winks at him with a smile. “I can sting.”
He chuckles, “Maybe, we can sting later. First, you need to wiggle like this.” He shifts both of his hip bones to the right and then to the left side, displaying the visual movement. “Better yet! I am going to place both of my hands around your waistline.” He lowers his hands around her tiny waist.
Drake stands at six feet and six inches for a growing teen and Mella stands at six feet without her designer high heels which makes her six feet and three inches, the perfect couple for dancing at football game homecoming dance next week. He nods with a smile for encouragement and swirls his bone hips around and around in perfect time with the song, rotating both of his hands around her tiny waistline. “Wiggle, now!”
She slightly shuffles with both of her kneecaps like a nervous twitch without further nice progress on her wiggle stage.
He puffs musically. “Naw You need more movement from your feet, ankles, knees, hips and legs all at the same time.” He slowly slides both of his open palms down on her two hip bones, rotating both his hands and her hips to the right side and then to the left side. Then he shoves his hands back and forth on her two hip bones with a smile and forces her hips to go around and around for her physical dance demonstration.
She looks down at his hands and feels the rough motions on her waistline. “O!”
“Do you feel that movement? It’s different from walking with your two feet backwards or forwards,” he continues to wiggle her hip bones with his two hands, chuckling at the tender touch of her body.
“Yes, I can sense your desire attainment for me. This is similar to walking side to side, but standing in one place, while executing the different forces of motion,” she slowly shifts both of her hips and her other body parts going around and around within the tight perimeter of his hands. She slightly bumps and then grinds her hip bones into his cupped fingers, giggling at the sensation.
He grunts with a wicked grin at her new discovery of dance and her sexy exotic body motions, encouraging Mella. “Right! You got it! Now, move with the beat of the musical song and then you are performing the teen ritual dance moves.”
She stops her dance moves and looks down at the floor while listening at the banging snarl drums, tapping her foot to the new musical rhythm of combined song notes and band instruments. She quickly shuffles her two hip bones to the right side and then to the left side, slightly bending down her body at her two kneecaps, slowly carefully lowering her entire body down towards the floor for three full seconds. Then Mella slowly lifts up her body upright into a full stance using three seconds. She pants with quick mint tinted breathes. “Fun sensations inside me which are thrilling and electrifying.”
Drake paces backwards from Mella and observes her coordinated body moves, grinning with a head nod.
Mella is a natural dancer for a tall girl and quickly develops a good body routine, swaying her hip bones from the left side to the right side, bending both at her kneecaps, lowering her body down towards the floor. Then she shifts motion and sways her two hip bones to the right and then to the left, slowly lifting her body upright towards the ceiling. She adds flipping her neck muscles side to side with her black hair swaying in rhythm with her fluid hip bone swing. She closes her two eyelashes, savoring each rock and roll note with her smooth seductively step, tossing both of her arms into the air at different intervals, creating a hot exotic dance routine. She hoots out loud with pleasure in-between the drums sets and then spins her body around in a half-circle during the drum solo within the musical song.
Drake continues to stand and watches her sexy dance performance, slowly shifting his bare feet side to side in front of her while adding his unique touch of a cool hip fling to her brilliant routine as they continue to dance to the steady beat of the rock and roll song as the tune whines down into the finale encore.
He stands upright and stops his dance movements, reaching out, touching her collar bone. She snaps open her two eyelashes and exposes her pair of violet tinted eyeballs, slowing her sexy hip swing, smiling at Drake. He nods with a wink. “Mella, you got the hang of rock and roll. Now, let’s try some swing dancing that some of the other teens like to do including me.”
She frowns with a nod. “But I am swinging with my dancing.” Mella shows-off the visual concept by swaying her two hip bones to the right left and then to the right, dropping her chin down into her chest, closing her two eyelashes while dancing without any music.
He spins around with a chuckle and returns back to the wall shelf, selecting a new disc with a new musical song for her next dance lesson, swinging around to view Mella.
She slowly swings her body side to side with the beat on the new slower musical song as he moves ahead and flicks both of his two eyelids all over her body, nodding with a smirk. “Yes, you do swing very well that I have observed. I meant to explain that you and I are going to touch hands and dance with both of our bodies with the different musical rhythm,” he stops and stands in front of her body with a grin.
She stops her dance and drops both of her arms down to each side, smiling at Drake. “Do you really wanna touch my hand, Drake?”
“I want to touch a lot of body parts but we will first start out with our hands. Is that okay with you?” He bends each one of his elbow and holds each open palm in the air and even with her collar bone.
“What other body parts, Drake?” She frowns.
“I am joshing or kidding or telling another bad joke.”
“O!”
He reaches out and tenderly grabs one of her collar bones, slowly sliding both of his open palms down her shirt and over her covered skin as Mella giggles. He stops and holds each one of her open palms, winking at her. “Now, we will engage with some slow teen dancing.”
She views the ceiling planks while listening to the new musical song, saying with a smile. “I recognize that classical song. It is Chopin’s Minute Waltz.”
He arranges her right palm to hug his left palm as both of their arms form a V-pattern in the air. He will lead the dance and her feet around the wooden floor. “Very good! Place your left hand on top of my collar bone or behind my shoulder blade for your dance position.”
She places her fee hand with a smile on top of his collar bone, slowly moving her index finger down to his bicep with a giggle, then further down to his elbow with a smile, going down to his wrist bone with a deep sigh of amusement. She lifts up her and lands her limb on top of his collar bone while giggling with a musically tone, nodding with a smile in his face. “I am ready.
He smiles. That's great. I am a great instructor. I can dance the Tango, Fox Trot, and a dance room style waltz, especially to Musician Chopin,” Drake shifts his bare feet around the wooden floor and shows her the dance waltz steps. “A slow dance is kinda like waltzing but not moving around the room but staying in ...”
“…one place. Your teen dance rituals requires much talent.”
He feels her body heat near his chest making his body heat faster than normal also. Drake leads her slowly in a loose circle around the floor as their pair of naked feet barely move and their hip bones barely swing. He nods. “There is a reason, a really excellent reason for not moving around.”
She frowns. “O! What would be that reason be or become? I can’t comprehend the circumstances.” They complete the first circle as their two bodies continue to stick together.
“I will demonstrate to you that at later time. Okay!” He winks at her and shuffles his tee shirt closer into her tee shirt as Mella giggles with a musically tone. Drake starts a new circle as they continue to slow dance to the same musical song.
“Okay.” she continues to shift her bare feet in-between his wide two legs on top of the floor for their close body contact.
He leans over and breathes in her sweet vanilla body odor, whispering into her eardrum. “I will lead all the dances. Is that okay with you?” She nods in silence and touches his face. Drake smiles. “You will face my face. So, tuck your right arm down closer into your body as we swing around with the current musical song and move your left hand down my back spine.”
She guides her free hand from his collar bone, slowly dropping the limb down his back spine and touches his fit waistline, giggling with a musically tone. He softly grunts with teenly hormones of pleasure.
Then each body slightly pulls apart and stands two inches from each other's tee shirt, touching cheek-to-cheek, exhaling with a series of sweet breathes.
She swiftly backpedals from Drake and frowns. “Should we not practice in the appropriate white tie attire where I should wear a long dance gown for me and a tail coat for you?”
He chuckles with her elegant idea, because Mella acts like a southern lady and Drake is a true Southern redneck. He puffs musically, “Naw. I will wear jeans.”
She frowns with disappointment. “Jean! Who is that girl? I’m confused. Or is that a man? That proper name for a male that lives in the country of France. So, will you be dancing with a male, instead of me, Drake?”
“Definitely not! It is you and me, babe,” he smiles.
“O! Are you going to dance with Josh then?” She frowns.
“No way! Joshua had a female to dance with at the dance.”
“Good!” She smiles.
He pulls her closer into his tee shirt and grunts while feeling her hot body, touching her soft cheekbone against his smooth cheekbone as they slowly spin in a circle on a pair of bare feet around the wooden floor while the classical music hums in the background inside the living room setting.
He whispers into her eardrum. “Good for Josh and very good for me.”
“Very good for me.” She touches his warm cheekbone that swiftly sends a set of warmer temperature sensations into her face and then straight down her spinal cord as Mella giggles with pleasure.
He whispers in her eardrum and slowly twirls her around the floor. “Here in America, you are standing on the ground in country of the United States of America.”
She pulls back and yells out loud. “USA!” She smiles and giggles with a musical tone.
He nods and pulls her back into his cheekbone and his tee shirt, whispering into her eardrum. “Right! The great state …”
“Great state, what is a great state? What is great about a state, Drake?” She whispers back into his eardrum.
He whispers with a smile into her eardrum, “That is another American expression that references my home, the great State of Alabama in the city of Birmingham. And finally answering your initial question, jean is a fabric which is really called denim that exhibits durable and strength and other stuff.” Drake closes his eyelashes and sniffs her sweet fragrance of roses.
“O!”
He softly chuckles with a whisper. “Extend your right arm outward like mine.” She obeys.
They move their arms together and hold each limb parallel even with the wooden floor in the air. He leans over and whispers into her eardrum. “I’ll place my left arm parallel to yours,” he entwines her finger tips with his finger tips gently pulling her body closer into his tee shirt while grinning with lust.
She giggles with her girly lust. “Like this.”
“Like that. Now, clasp your right hand around the nape of my neck along with the other hand.” She drapes her left hand and her fingers gently against his neck muscles while tickling his skin, before she cups both her finger pads around his body.
He sniggers with a grin. “Good! Then I put my right arm around your waist.” He snakes his arm around her tiny waistline cupping with his left arm slowly pulling her closer into his tee shirt as her two big breasts press into his tee shirt. Drake grunts as she giggles.
He leans over and whispers into her eardrum. “You got it! We both got it! Then, we hold each other close like this so our faces touch during each slow song for the rest of the night.”
She swiftly jerks her face from his warm cheekbone, whipping her palm upright, bending her elbow in a V-shaped pattern, holding her arm in the air against nothing, since Drake uses both of his arms while hugging her tiny waistline. “A waltz! We are dancing a waltz. We must continue to stand apart by two inches and hovering our open arms in the air …”
He nods, “Sorta right, Mella! We can pull both of our arms in a downward move creating a V- shape. Do you see our arms now?” Drake shoves his hand into her open palm, dropping their elbows down into the rib cage, cradling her closer into his chest. He whispers into her face. “Or you can move your left hand down to my waist or my neck during the musical song.”
She pouts. “But is that a true waltz, Drake?”
“Kinda is. You can leave your hand on my neck while listening to the music as we’ll sway our bodies side to side in one fluid motion.” He whispers into her face. “I like your hand on my neck.”
She obeys and drops her hand, cupping them around his neck. He leans down and snuggles her naked neck with his nose.
Mella giggles with a musically chime and then whispers into his eardrum. “Drake, I do not know how to dance. But I do read a lot. You must understand in this tight position a waltz couple can’t perform the left box turn, right box turn, side whisks, twinkle…
“Right,” he leans over and sniffs her rose scented skin with a smile.
“Drake, I do believe that I am right here. This a visual illustration of a folk dance or a commonly called peasant dance with each one of the peasants holding tight and close with a set of short steps with a gliding movement.”
“Close,” his nose shifts into her soft cheekbone.
“You’re breathing on the tip of my nose, Drake.”
“Do I possess a mouth of sour bad breathe?” He pulls back from her face and frowns at her forehead.
She frowns. “I didn’t say that. I can feel your warm soft breath on the tip of my nose. Is this normal?”
“That is way normal.” He grins and leans over placing his warm cheekbone against her soft cheekbone as they slowly circle the floor hearing the soft music playing in the background.
“So, this is a Latin dancing like a samba in which the couples don’t follow the line of dance, but perform their routines more or less in one spot.”
“Closer,” he hugs her tighter into his manly gripe and then sweet breathes on her earlobe.
“I’m going to wear a short-skirted Latin outfit to emphasize my leg action and body movements.”
He jerks back and smiles. “Does that Latin outfit cover your entire body?”
“No. A Latin outfit only covers about half or maybe a third on a dancer’s body.”
He nods. “That's great! We will definitely go mall shopping later this evening. Girls love going to the shopping mall.”
“A Latin outfit is a short skirt that shows almost all of your legs.”
“Amen!” He leans down and plows his nose back into her naked throat, shifting his two hands back behind her tiny waistline, pulling her body closer while swaying his two hip bones into her stationary hip bones as they stand in place with the musical song playing in background. She places both her of hands at the nape of his neck and leans into his cheekbone with a smile. They slowly sway side to side in place to the soft classical musical song.
She whispers into his eardrum. “Drake, when is the turn?”
“Turn!” He smells her rosy sweet fragrance and moves his nose into her earlobe.
She quickly jerks her chin from his neck and frowns. “In a proper slow dancing waltz, we’re supposed to slide step, glide, and then rotate in a spinning turn.”
He grins and pivots his foot backward, swinging his hip bone to the left against the right side on her body, quickly spinning them in a dizzy completed circle. He stands upright and leans against her big two soft breasts, exhaling with lust and a wicked grin. He shouts out loud. “Okay! We just executed a spin,” softly chuckling.
She views the living room over his folded body with a frown, “Well, that spin was not good spin. A free spin should ...”
He shifts his face and touches his nose bridge into the center of her two eyebrows. “Believe me.”
“Believe in what, Drake?”
He exhales with frustration from her questions and commands as her numerous questions are interfering with his daytime fantasy dream and her silky body movements against his heated body. He stands upright and smiles, “In the dance after the football homecoming game, each couple never break the embrace …”
“But spinning around in a waltz involves breaking the hold …”
“That’s why we are practicing right here and right now for the upcoming football homecoming dance. This is new for you but not me. A couple, you and me do not ever, never break the hugging hold. It is bad luck!” He grins.
“Is there really bad luck with dancing?” She frowns.
“Yeah, that is another Bama teen thing! So, we just kinda spin around really slowly and calmly and softly,” he slowly dances and completes another circle on top of the floor, pulling back with a laugh to her face, “Like so!”
“O!”
“Think of our dance moves characterized by a close embrace and a subtle swaying of our two hips and a set of tiny steps of walking in …”
“…one place...”
“Yeah, you got it! Do you feel it? Perfect!” He leans down and snuggles his nose bridge down into the crook of her swan neck while swaying her body and his smooth motions as one as he grins happily.
She whispers into his eardrum, “Is this called teen slow dancing?”
He slowly shifts his nose bridge and drops his nose, covering his lips with her lips. Mella quickly pulls back and stares at Drake, halting her dance moves, saying with puzzlement. “Your mouth’s wet.”
“My mouth!” He frowns.
“Your mouth is wet like a kitten’s nose.”
He chuckles. “I have never hear my mouth described with such cuteness.”
She nods with a smile. “A kitten possesses a wet, moist, soft, and cool little pink nose that tickles my skin and a tiny pink tongue is raw to feel when she licks my fingers.”
“Hmm! I didn’t know that.”
She smiles. “You licked me like a kitten’s tongue with your wet lips.”
He chuckles. “I didn’t lick you. I tried to kiss your lips.”
“Kiss!”
“Do you understand what a kiss is, Mella?”
“No.” She puffs musically in her sexy alto.
“Has anyone ever pressed their wet lips against your dry lips for say about two seconds or more?” He smiles.
“No.”
He looks up and smiles at the ceiling rafters, whispering to heaven. “Thank you!” He looks down and smiles into her pretty face at her white perfect teeth, red tinted lips, and her violet pupils against her pale colored skin, releasing her body, standing upright with a chuckle. He back steps and spins around, moving ahead towards the musical disc player on the wall shelf and stops. He shuts off the running classical music with a soft laugh and then swings around to face Mella, clapping his hands and nodding his head. Now, I’m going to teach you to kiss.”
“Kiss!” She frowns at the strange word.
He reaches out and grabs her free hand, leading Mella ahead towards a green and white striped long sofa that stands against a peach colored side wall, stopping beside the cushions with a chuckle. He points down in the middle of the sofa with a nod.
She stops and spins around, folding her body down into corner arm rest, tucking her pair of long naked legs underneath her tight fanny, smiling up at Drake.
He sits on the edge of the sofa with his flat bare toes on top of the cool floor, reaching out, taking her hand and gently massages her five fingers. Drake smirks. “This act is definitely a high requirement for the annual football game homecoming dance, since you’re my hot date to dance and to…”
“What is the other requirement?” She watches Drake. He continues to caress her five fingers then moves his fingers down into her open palm. She feels his warm hand traveling up her naked elbow as the warm sensation rapidly shift up into her brain cells and then back down into her heart. She giggles with a musical tone.
He lifts her hand up to his mouth, winking at her. She parts her lips in shock. He pursues his lips and leans down, kissing her index finger first. Mella giggles with a musical tone. His shifts his lips and kisses each knuckle tenderly, until he reaches her pinky finger, looking up with a smiles. “The word, cyssan, comes from the Old English language. Cyssan means to kiss creating the term coss for a kiss.”
She feels warmth sensations explode out from her hand and moves upwards to her hair roots coming back down towards her ten naked toe bones. He flips her cupped hand open and views her open palm, lifting her hand, presses his lips against her index finger pad again. He slowly moves his lips down to each finger tip. Mella flushes in hot tinkles that explode in different directions within her fleshy body.
He covers her wet hand with the warm touch on his left hand and slowly opens her palm, exposing her soft skin which sorta cools her heated fever. He eases his lips down to her open palm, roughly licking his tongue and then gently kisses the inside of her palm. Mella feels suddenly hot and heated exhaling and then inhaling heavy breathes in the air which sorta cools down her internal fireball.
He looks up and winks at her face. “How does that feel, Mella?”
“I…”
He continues to caress her limb and leans down, moving his lips down to her wrist bone, roughly licking his tongue and then tenderly kisses her skin. He breaks the sweet kiss and lifts up his warm lips on his face, smiling at her face. “Kissing is a physical expression of likeness between a boy and a girl with deep sensations of touch.” Drake massages the soft skin on her wrist bone with his heated fingers pads.
Mella draws her eyes down to her extended arm and watches Drake. He leans down and kisses her skin again which stimulates heat in her mind, her heart, and her soul very. She feels intense human girly emotions of joy and happiness.
He looks up and smiles at Mella. “A kiss also possess a taste and a smell that affect the human senses also.” He tilts his chin and winks. “How does this feel, Mella?”
She gasps in shock and swallows her drooling tongue, “I…”
He lifts his index finger to his soft lips, licking his own appendage with his pink tinted tongue then swiftly drops the single wet finger down from his parted lips, guiding the digit on her naked elbow for a dramatic kiss-touch with his finger skin. Her heart skips a beat and as her body temperature soars into hotness . She looks up and gasps in shock at Drake.
He smiles at her. “How does this feel, Mella?”
She gasps in shock and swallows her drooling tongue, “I…”
Mella watches Drake caress her arm with his strong finger pads starting a her wrist bone working up towards the tip on her collar bone. She experiences fire, flames, and fever in her mind, her heart, and her skin. He swiftly release her arm from his strong grip. Mella watches her arm lifelessly flaps down on top of the soft fabric on the sofa as her body experiences cold, coals, and concern.
He reaches out and steals her other free arm, pulling her body closer into his chest, caressing his warm fingers on her wrist bone and slowly shifts his up towards her collar bone.
She feels warmth, wonder, and wildness.
He leans down and rescues her fallen arm on top of the sofa cushion gathering the two limbs by her wrist bones, slowly lowers his skull down to her appendage and protectively kisses both of her wrist bones at the same time.
She heart rapidly flutters and as her skin flares into a fever fire that affects her mind and her body. Mella closes her two eyelashes and exhales with lust and love.
He lifts his face and holds a smirk, pulls her soft feminine body closer into his hard chest, slowly dipping his jaw line down and tenderly kisses her collar bone.
Her chemical and biological body do something highly pleasurable for first time as she giggles with a musical tone and smiles with lust.
He lifts up his smile and stares into her smile. “Did you like this touch, Mella?”
She gasps in shock and swallows her drooling tongue, “I…” Then Mella arches her neck backward away from Drake. He leans down and snuggles his nose bridge into her naked neck. She tilts her skull sideways and inhales his cologne of spices and leather, smiling at his manhood. He bites her skin with his teeth.
Mella swiftly jerks back her body and lowers her face, sneering at Drake. “You bit me.”
He looks up and smiles. “I told you that I bite.”
She gasps in shock and then smiles. “Well then, I’m going to sting you later.”
“Well, I am happily looking forward to that, baby,” he laughs and then dives his skull down into her neckline, gently kissing her skin. She tosses back her skull with delight. Drake pulls Mella closer to his chest and wraps his two arms around her female soft body around her waist, penning her against him.
Her waist pulse bangs against each one of her wrist bones and as her heart almost pops out from her chest. Her breathe stops.
He slowly drags his hot lips from her throat skin up towards her smooth jaw line going straight up to her cheekbone and on her forehead, pulling back his lips for one full second and then places back his hot lips on the center of her forehead. His lips slowly drags to the other side of her forehead and down towards her other cheekbone, then her jaw line and finally down into her naked neck. Drake jerks his face away from her neck and grins at her pose.
Mella sits with a limp, relaxed body. Her two arms rest by her side and as her two eyelashes are closed. She poses like a sleeping princess who is ready to be awakened from her deep slumber. Her nerve endings tingle with heat and as her tummy flutters with passion. Her skin glows and burns in hotness.
Mella does not feel his heat and then slowly opens her two eyelashes, staring at Drake.
He stares in her violet colored eyes and leans down, roughing kissing her softer lips.
She tenses and then relaxes. He sucks her bottom lips prying gently open her tight lip as their tongues connect and entertain in play and then fight for several seconds.
She tenses with the weird tongue play. Drake pulls out his tongue and playfully bites her soft lips, before he gently kisses them again. Then they slowly surface from the kissing lesson.
Mella leans against the sofa cushions and inhales with heavy breaths of exhaustion and pleasure. Drake leans back into the other sofa cushion and exhales swiftly while trying to control his raging male teenly hormones with lust and pleasure. He turns and stares, gasping in shock at Mella. Her pale skin tissue glows in bright illumination. “Mella, are you okay? You look really pale skinned right now.”
“Fine.” She breathlessly pants and sticks out her pink tinted tongue, inhaling gulps of oxygen molecules.
“Mella, your lips are softer than roses. Your mouth is sweeter than honey. And your kiss inflicts more pain than a bee’s sting.” He smiles with his lousy poem.
“Do you want me to sting you, now, Drake?”
He laughs. “No! I’m describing our moment together right now.”
“Our moment is like a bee sting!”
“Okay. How about an eternal electronic shock then?”
“Well, that is much better. But a sting is very good.”
He leans down into her face and softly whispers. “Kissing is the second most common form of intimacy among teens.”
“What’s the first?”
“What’s the first form of intimacy, Drake?”
He nods. “Touch. Touching is the first form.”
“Can we touch and kiss more and sting a little later?” Mella smiles.
“Amen!” Drake softly whispers and then leans over, kissing her pair of soft lips.







Four days later...


Wednesday, November 6th


English Literature academic classroom
5th period hour

02:02 pm
75ºF. Sunny sky and warm temperatures


The mobile telephone sounds with a jazz song. English Literature Mr. Heimburger answers his personal mobile telephone as each student taps or scripts on their computer tablet working on the in-class Renaissance essay. “This is the senior class English Literature classroom. Mr. Heimburger is speaking here.”
He pauses for the voice on the other end of his mobile telephone.
“Yes, I will.” He replies back to the one-sided verbal conversation and then drops down the phone on top of his bright green colored metal office desk, looking up to view the student. “Mr. Hatem, your presence is required inside the principal’s office, right now.”
On the second row of student chairs, in the second chair, Drake looks up in shock and views Heimburger. “Yes, sir! Do I take my backpack and tablet with me?”
He laughs. “Did you happen bring any illegal substances into your high school or shoot some  other teen inside the parking lot or generally harass an instructor inside the hallway?”
“No, sir.” Drake frowns.
He nods. “That is good to hear. Please, leave your tablet and personal items and walk down to the principal’s office. I deduct that I’ll be seeing you back here under thirty minutes.” He lifts up a horizontal object that represents the hallway pass for any high school student to walk inside an empty hall during school time towards the approval destination. “Take my calling card.” Each teen sniggers inside the quiet room immediately.
“Yes, sir.” Drake slowly scoots from the desk without his stack of books and moves ahead, and then stopping reaching out, grabbing a twelve-inched, wood-shaped old fashioned ass-burning paddle which is filled with six tiny one-half inched tiny holes that are burned into the wood plank. The carrying handle on the paddle looks like part of a broken canoe raft. In the ancient days of high school environment during the years of 1950’s, 1960’s, and 1970’s, the canoe paddle had represented a weapon that had been used to slap each ass on a mischievous high school student by the principal. However, today, that evil demonic butthole practice has become outlawed and is illegal in every state within the USA.
Drake hits the closed classroom door with his outstretched open palm and puffs musically with annoyance, marching ahead down an empty hallway towards the principal’s office, pondering his situation, his circumstance, and his dilemma. He has never been called into the principal’s office for any unknown or known reason. He exhales with worry.
He turns the wall corner and slams his free hand into the closed door that leads into the principal lobby setting, entering the lobby room, standing in place with a gasp of worry.
The door silently slams shut.
Mella stands in-between a tall, overweight black-hair principal male and a short, gray-haired female housekeeper.
Drake gasps in alarm, “Mella.”
Mella bounces up and down and claps with a smile wearing a pair of newly purchased destroyed blue jeans underneath a pink and purple two-layer tee shirt with a pair of purple sparklingly flop-flips. All items had been purchased by Drake on Saturday afternoon with the shortest and tightest dance dress for Mella and her dance début at the upcoming annual football homecoming dance this Friday night, after the football game.
“Hi, Drake!” She towers her tallness over a petite, angry-faced Myra, who is the parental guardian and housekeeper of Hatem house and her ward Drake while his father is away at each business meeting.
Drake stares at Mella and then darts his eyeballs with a worried brow to Myra. “Why are you here at the school, instead of…”
“…school. Mella is a minor teenager requiring academic supervision and educational studying, like you, Drake. You should’ve known better this time, Drayton. I have brought Mella into the school for her International Exchange Student Internship here at Homewood High, after Mella had elaborately explained to me, this morning.”
“O! Is this our exchange student Mella?” He nods with a stern face to Mella.
“Drayton, you’re might have created trouble for all of us by not following the State of Alabama Department of Education rules and regulations.” Myra crosses her arms and wears a worried brow at Drake.
“O! Are there rules and regulation for our exchange student Mella?” He exhales with annoyance and continues to stare at Mella. Myra nods in silence. Then Drake realizes that destroyer angel Mella had tapped into Myra’s mind and absorbed all of Myra’s knowledge using the sorbeo technique. Then Mella had created a fantasy story as an exchange student covering her presence at Hatem Manor.
The Homewood principal turns and scoots around his wooden office desk, sitting down in the wooden chair, leaning over the hard surface, filling out the paperwork. He says without viewing each person. “All minors, who are less than sixteen years of age, are required to attend an academic institution during the day. Where are you from, Miss…?”
He laughs, “Hell! It is spelled as h. a. l. e.” Drake shakes his skull at Mella as she softly giggles in her musical tone.
“Miss Hale, what country do you hail from?” He continues to fill out the form, without any eye contact.
Drake winks at Mella. “Alaska.” Mella giggles with a musical tone.
The principal looks up with confusion and stares at Drake, “The US State of Alaska is not a foreign country, Drake.”
“The US State of Alaska is closer to the foreign country of Canada rather than Alabama, sir.” He smiles as Mella giggles with a musical tone.
“Hmm! You are quiet correct, Drake,” the principal leans down and fills out the paperwork. “Well, I guess we can contact you last high school and request all of your current high school transcripts. What’s the name of your local high school, Miss Hale?”
Drake winks at Mella, “Miss Hale has been home schooled, sir.”
“Home schooled! ” He looks up and frowns at Drake, shrugging his collar bone. “Well, I will need some official academic documentation of her attainment level from…”
“Her grade level is a senior in the classroom.” Drake winks at Mella.
“O! So, your grade level is a senior also.”
“My father had made the future arrangements for Miss Hale, sir.” Drake nods to Myra. “I can ring and then contact my …”
The principal waves a free hand and shakes his balding mound with a fake smile. Mr. Hatem is a busy business man and a generous donor to the local high school that his son attends. “No. No. No. That is not necessary to contact your father, Drake! If Mr. Hatem has arranged schooling for Miss Hale, then we will patiently await for all the academic documents coming from the non-foreign country and the US State of Alaska,” the principal frowns at Drake. “Mr. Hatem, please escort Miss Hale to her last classroom for the day.”
“I’m going to school. Cool!” Mella continues to dance side to side, clapping her hands, smiling at Drake.
Drake gasps in alarm. “Like right now, today!”
“Yes, like right now and today, Mr. Hatem!” The principal waves his free hand and then looks down, finishing the report.
Drake turns and nods to Mella. “Yeah, you are coming to school, today.”
Mella starts to bounce up and down while clapping with excitement. “I’m so excited. Can I be in all your academic high school classes, too, Drake?”
He reaches out and captures one of her clapping hand, spinning around with a sour frown, dragging her through the lobby room and finally into an empty hallway. “Yeah, I guess so.”
At his office desk, the principal continues to fill out the paperwork, “Excellent, Mr. Hatem! Enjoy the rest of your academic day, Miss Hale.”
Inside the empty hallway, Mella swiftly pads on her new pair of purple tinted flip-flops beside Drake and slaps one hand against her blue jeans, turning to examine the beige colored walls, rows of blue colored lockers, and hearing the voices of each teacher within each classroom. She will be handing around Drake during the daylight hours and all the nighttime hours too.
He slowly pads down the same hallway and leans over, whispering into her cheekbone. “I am sorry about all of this. I forget to tell Myra that you were staying there at my house.”
She wiggles side to side with happiness and anticipates the new teen class. “Don’t sweat anthills, Drake! I can act and pretend to become a high school student.”
He stops and looks at her back spine, waving both of his hands in the air. “Look! Do not talk…”
She stops and spins around with a wink, “Now, don’t you like my new southern accent, ya’ll?” Mella talks in a slow, sweet draw imitating the school receptionist when she had greeted the human with a hand shake and used her sorbeo skills.
“Cut out the fake southern accent! Okay! You hail from …”
“Alaska. Where is the place of Alaska, Drake?”
He nods. “I’ll show you a world map later when we are safely placed back at my house and outta of school. Listen! Just try and act like a silly high school student! Okay? A silly teen does not say much but stays quiet, and looks straight ahead at the front of the room and stares at the blackboard.”
She frowns. “Why would I do that? Aren’t I supposed to talk about all my experiences as…?”
“... an angel.”
“I am a destroyer angel.” She smiles.
He shakes his bone skull. “Yeah, that wrong one. Look! Don’t call attention to yourself! You need to blend within the crowd of students, girls, the gang of females, not males.”
“Do you want me to find a friend of a girl? That’s not the right term. Do you want me to find a girl as a friend.” She nods.
He yells out loud, “No! Do not definitely, absolutely make friends with the females.” Drake reaches out and grabs her hand, spinning around with a sour frown, marching back down the hallway towards his classroom.
She pads beside him and frowns at the closed classroom door. “Why not, Drake?”
He exhales with fear and frustration, staring at the closed classroom door. “Mella, you are here as my hot date to the annual football game homecoming dance this Friday night. That is three days from now.” He looks down and softly curses at the dirty tile floor, returning back to see the closed door. “I wished that I had sent Myra away on a terrific vacation from Alabama, instead of lying about my father and his non-existence exchange student. I do not lie. I do not cheat. I should have thought forward and granted Myra two weeks off her job with pay. I should’ve known better realizing that Myra likes to keep secret tabs on me and she doesn’t have a cell either.”
She laughs. “That is a funny word. What is a cell? Is Myra’s red or white cells damaged inside her body? She is a nice lady, but I can fix …”
“Naw.” He chuckles and pulls out his mobile telephone from his back pocket, lifting it in the air for Mella. “The funny word, cell, is a shorten word for a teenager’s world of communication. This is a personal mobile telephone that allows me to talk to other teens when they are outdoors in the yard from right here inside the school hallway and stuff like that.”
She smiles at the mobile telephone. “O! Your cell is so pretty! May I have one, too?” Mella reaches out and touches his black tinted, shiny tool. “Myra is not chemically sick but does possess a set of healthy biological cells and you can communicate with a teenager on your metal cell….”
“Sorta!” He chuckles.
She turns and nods at his nose profile, “Myra told me that she guards your person. But you have a heavenly guardian angel, Drake. Why do you not call upon her services for help in this situation and then you do not need a metal cell to communicate with anyone either?”
He laughs. “That’s great to know. Yeah, I should’ve called on my guardian angel, but I didn’t know that. Humans are given lots of celestial info like that comes from the Maker.” Drake holds his phone and smiles at Mella.
“That is a very strange tradition here, Drake!” She frowns.
“Yeah, sometimes teen do strange things!” He grins. “Look! Students don’t like the academics of school, only the social part. So act like a social…”
“...misfit...”
He leans into her face and smiles. “No, you are not a misfit. You are different. So become social, but be cautious.”
“I…I don’t really know what that means, Drake.”
“Be cool! And don’t chat to anyone!” He nods.
“But you…”
“But me…”
“Am I your girlfriend, Drake?” She smiles.
“No.”
“No!” She gasps in shock.
“You are my hot date to the heated dance. That’s all. Okay!”
“Will you give me a kiss for good luck?”
“A kiss?” He frowns.
She reaches out and rubs his chest with a smile. “Will you give me a wet kill like when you did this morning? When you did last night and you did the day before …”
“A kiss!” He smiles.
“Before you drove away inside your big truck for this school building while leaving me alone, you gave me a kiss. When you did for the past two days a kiss every day and night.”
He chuckles and turns, scanning an empty hallway. He is not embarrassed about kissing on Mella but he doesn’t want a school teacher seeing his improper behavior which might get back to his father. Drake has lied to the principal and the housekeeper about his father arranging an exchange student from Alaska as an exchange student at his school.
Drake wonders if Mella possesses other types of angel powers like the ability to read his mind. He had forgotten to tell Myra. But he remembered his fun with Mella since Saturday morning while planning to contact his father a beautiful girl sleeping inside the manor in another room, of course. 
However, his father does not care, criticize, or contemplate the details from Drake’s teen life here in metro city Birmingham within the US State of Alabama. Their last father-son reunion on New Year’s Day was ten months ago that came and went, because his father was too busy with his friendly acquaintances to spent time with his flesh and blood biological son.
Inside the school hallway, Drake returns back and nods to Mella, pulling her into his chest, covering her lips with his lips for a few seconds. They surface and then split apart.
He smiles with a wink. “Are we good to go now?”
She smiles. “I…”
He hugs her body and caresses her long hair. Yeah, this action is good for both the teens.
He pulls back with a smile and holds his phone in one hand, pocketing his phone, reaching out and grabs her hand. They turn and face the closed door. Then the classroom door flies out and reveals a tall muscular teen with black hair and blue eyeballs.
Seventeen years old football player Harvey stands and blocks the entrance way on purpose and then gasps in shock, examining the new luscious babe.
Drake halts with a gasp and then sneers with teenly jealousy, releasing her hand, reaching out and snatches up a fistful of the red tinted tee shirt fabric on a laughing Harvey. He drags Harvey from the archway and then spins Harvey around, tossing the teen into the empty hallway. Harvey is advancing into the boy’s restroom for his hourly smoking time.
“Hey, gorgeous!” Harvey stumbles backwards from Drake and Mella then halts winking at her feminine parts.
Drake leans over and sneers into the smile on Harvey. “Shut it, man!” Harvey laughs and continues to examine Mella. Drake spins them around, facing the open archway, strolling inside first. Mella enters next into the classroom and scans the new environment with a smile and a soft giggle of excitement as a human high school student inside a human high school building.
Drake turns and scans the room for each loud whistle that blows from the rear wall of student chairs. He sits in-between his two friends Ash and Josh with the other athletic players on the same last row of student desks taking a set of mental brain notes. Each male stares with a head nod and a wink to Mella.
In front of the classroom and blackboard, Heimburger continues to sit at his metal teacher desk and taps his the computer tablet, acknowledging the transfer student into his class. He looks up and nods to Drake and then Mella, “Mr. Hatem, I give you the honor of introducing our new student.”
Drake halts and stands in front of the class beside Mella, clearing his throat, smiling at the students. “Mella, this is the class. The class, this is Mella.”
“Hi, class!” Mella waves her hand and scan each face sounding with a soft giggle of happiness.
“Tell us something about yourself, Mella.” Heimburger stares at the tall female with a smile.
“I’m from…”
“…Alaska,” Drake lies again. “Mella, she is an exchange student for the semester …”
Heimburger nods. “Miss Hale is from the US State of Alaska. Do you like polar bears, Miss Hale?”
She turns and frowns at Drake for the proper answer. Drake slowly drags his hand across his aching neck muscles and slightly nods an affirmative answer to her.
Mella turns and faces the teacher. “I love them.” She giggles and claps with happiness.
“Very well! You can take a seat anywhere in my class. Students, I want you to continue working on your in-class assignment which is due in-class before the bell rings. Or you will receive an in-class electronic F on your computer tablet. Mr. Hatem, please go and show Miss Hale the in-class homework for the day.” Heimburger hands off his personal school computer tablet to Mella until a new computer tablet can purchased for her use at school and at home.
Mella accepts the strange devise and stares down into the lighted screen with a smile.
“Yes, sir.” Drake spins around with a smile and grabs Mella, swinging them around, shuffling her ahead towards the first row and the third empty student desk.
Mella stops and slides down into the seat and continues to stare at the lighted screen on the borrowed computer tablet with a smile in silence.
Drake stands beside Mella and leans down, punching on the button of the borrowed computer tablet, showing her the in-class assignment, whispering softly into her eardrum. She giggles without words. He stands upright with a smile and then spins around, rushing down the empty aisle, sliding down into his assigned student desk on the last row in the rear of the classroom. He leans down into the tablet and quickly finishes his homework assignment, before the bell rings.
Josh sits besides Drake and leans over, whispering into the eardrum on Drake. “It worked.”
“Naw.” Drake rapidly types the last sentence on his electronic paper.
Josh nods with a grin. “It worked. Your angel is here seated right here in the front row. I’m not blind, Drake.”
“No, you are only dumb, Josh.” Ash leans over and whispers into the eardrum on Drake while continuing to smile and stare at the slumped body and the long black hair on the new student Mella.
“She’s here.” Josh jabs a finger at Mella in the first row, third seat.
“So, daddy came through. Huh, Drake?” Ash smiles at the back spine on Mella.
“Wrong, Josh!” Drake finishes the in-class assignment with a smile and sends the electronic file to the teacher, shutting down the computer tablet. “Ash is right. This is my father’s doings.” He doesn’t want to reveal that the weird Latin incantation worked very well which had landed a desirable but dangerous destroyer angel inside his bedroom floor on Saturday morning, a little after midnight.
The two teens will not believe his fairy tale, since Drake still does not believe his fairy tale.
Drake is here and sees Mella while still not believing his fairy tale. The tale, the girl, and the event will stay secret and buried deeply until Friday night, when she returns or vanishes or goes back into her celestial realm which is somewhere within the universe.
In front of the classroom, Heimburger shouts out loud, “I hear voices. I don’t like to hear voices. I find the voices irritating. Therefore, gentlemen, do you require additional homework for the evening for disturbing my texting?” Heimburger continues to listen and texts a new message on his personal mobile telephone at his teacher desk.
“No, sir.” Drake answers for the trio as Josh and Ash return back and finish the in-class assignment, before the school bell.
“Very good.” Heimburger continues to listen and text on his personal phone.
The school bell loudly rings as each student chairs nosily scoots sideways and then each body stands upright, exiting out the classroom door.
On the last row of student desks, Josh bolts out from the chair first and exits the room, stopping by his student locker on the side wall, spinning around with a smirk. He crosses both of his arms and watches the open archway. His friend Ash dashes next from the classroom and stops, standing beside Josh, spinning around. he watches the archway also.
Inside the classroom, Mella continues to sit in the student desk and plays with the borrowed computer table, giggling with amusement at the strange noises and sights. Drake slowly stands upright from his student desk and grabs his personal stuff, scooting around the last row, stopping beside her nose profile. He leans down and snatches up the borrowed computer tablet, taking it back to the teacher. “Thank you, Mr. Heimburger!”
Heimburger does not move or nod, accepting his computer tablet in silence.
This is the last academic class for the day before the last period that includes band practice or study hall time or football practice. Drake will drive Mella back home first and then arrive later to the football workout for the football game.
During the homecoming game, the opposing high school football team consists of a set of weakened wimps that ensures an easy victory game on a cool homecoming night for the Homewood Eagles football team. Last year, the Homewood football team had suffered an embarrassment lost to a tough and rough rival opponent in front of the old eyeballs and gray hairs from the Homewood alumni students.
Inside the classroom, Drake spins around and smiles at Mella, moving ahead, stopping again at her desk. He leans down and assists her to stand upright from the desk for fun. They cuddle with a smile and exit the classroom, moving ahead towards the wall of blue tinted lockers, viewing Ash and Josh. They stop and greet his two friends.
“Drake, darling, why didn’t you tell me about our lovely Mella?” Lissa appears and stands behind the butthole on Drake, examining the tallness on Mella.
“Lissa!” Drake gasps in alarm and spins around, staring at his former girlfriend. Mella spins around and nods to Lissa in silence.
Josh steps ahead and poses beside Mella, extending his hand with a wink to the new girl. “Hi there, girl! I am Josh. It is very nice to meet you, Mella.” 
Drake reaches over with a sneer and slaps the hand on Josh down towards the floor while growling at his friend, standing upright and faces Lissa again.
Mella turns and arches her black tinted eyebrow, studying the young teen. “So are you the one who is named Josh?”
Drake pulls Mella into his chest and nods with a fake smile. “Josh and Ash, I wanna you to meet Mella.”
“It worked. I told you that it would work!” Josh sways side to side and tosses his arm in the air.
Drake reaches out and grabs the arm on Josh, jerking the limb down towards the floor, frowning with annoyance. “No, it didn’t work, Josh.” He releases Josh and then shoves his friend from his face and Mella into his other friend Ash.
Ash chuckles at the silly commotion and captures a flying Josh as both teens smooth glide into the wall of metal lockers with a loud singular crash.
Lissa continues to stand in front of Drake and flips her manicured hand in the air, nodding with a smile. “Mella, she is our new exchange student from…”
“Alaska.” Drake smiles.
“Mella is the perfect replacement member for my majorette squad.” Lissa nods with a perfect smile to Drake.
The Homewood high school band majorette squad contains seven baton twirlers for the marching band literally and figuratively displays the seven most beautiful females within school assembly from the tenth through twelfth grades, since each majorette female has win every beauty pageant which has been held in the city, with the county and in the US State of Alabama.
“What squad?” Drake turns and frowns at the nose profile on Lissa.
“Lissa means the majorette beauty line-up.” Ash winks at Lissa.
The other six majorettes measure in height from five feet and eleven inches upwards six feet and one inch, displaying a pair of long model shaped legs, a tiny waistline, a flat abdomen, and a breast size range from big C to double D’s. Yeah, the majorette squad is a row of true Amazon princesses that bows down a bone skull with a glittering tiara to no one but Amazon queen Lissa, who is the head majorette and leader of the row of Earth goddesses.
Lissa stands in a pair of designer heels and parks both hands on her tiny waistline, appearing petite, cute, and adorable at five feet and two inches tall, displaying her pair of big boobs. She exhibits a head of long blonde curly hair on a face of suntanned skin.
The other six baton twirlers possess a tone of pale tinted skin and a head of long black colored hair. The combination of clashing colors and odd shapes makes the majorette squad formation appear like a sweet cookie with a white center surrounded by two dark ends in a horizontal fashion, of course.
“She can’t.” Drake frowns with understanding. 
Mella possesses all the right assets for the majorette jog within the Homewood marching band. She exhibits a tall body frame, a tone of glowing pale, skin, long dark hair, and a pair of big breasts, and a beautiful face.
His sub-conscious mind can envision Mella wearing that tight two-pieced fabric that appears like a skimpy bathing suit top and a pair of shorty-shorts in indigo blue.
Drake returns back into the reality and hears a set of faint grunts behind his butthole, turning to sneer at his friends Josh and Ash. Yeah, they had invaded his daydream as well.
“She can. I just asked her. Mella has accepted. So, the matter is settled, Drayton.” Lissa turns and winks at Mella.
He returns back and stares at Lissa, reaching up, rubbing his arching neck muscles and then views Mella. “Mella, can you twirl a baton?” Then he quickly re-thinks better of his implied question, since the destroyer angel can acquire any human talent by touching the human subject with her sorbeo talent. Like that, she can twirl a baton, maybe two or more with her destroyer angel powers. He exhales with worry and wipes both of his palms across his face and facial whiskers.
“Yes.” Mella smiles and reaches out, touching his bicep with a nod,  “Please, I wanna play …”
“… in the marching band majorette square at the upcoming homecoming football game on Friday night.” Lissa nods with a smile.
He turns and smiles at Lissa. “She doesn’t have a majorette costume to wear, Lissa.” Drake intellectually debates.
Lissa nods. “She can wear Trish’s majorette customer. They’re the same height and weight.”
“Vetoed, Drake!” Ash claps and nods with laughter, winking at Mella.
Drake turns and yells at his high school friend. “Shut up, Ash!” He returns back and frowns at Lissa. “Mella does not know any of the majorette routines for the marching band songs, Lissa. And the upcoming football half-time show is three from now, on Friday night.”
Lissa smiles. “There is no twirling baton routine requirement for the homecoming football game as the majorette squad just marches ahead and straight down the grassy field to a set of drum taps, posing in a military arch for the walk-through of each nominated homecoming prince and princesses.”
“Vetoed, again, Drake.” Ash claps and nods while winking at Mella.
Drake turns and yells at his friend. “Shut up, Ash!” He returns back and frowns at Lissa. “Mella ain’t going to finish the winter term here at our high school for the rest of the remaining football games.”
Lissa nods. “That’s purr! Because Trish will get her leg cast off in three weeks. Then she’ll want her majorette position and her outfit returning back to the squad.”
“Vetoed in triplet, Drake.” Ash claps with a nod and winks at Mella.
Drake turns and sneers at his friend. “Shut up, Ash!”
Lissa extends her open palm to Drake. “Wallet. Open. Money.”
“You get paid to …” Josh gasps in shock. “… to perform what nasty act or naughty acts, Lissa, Wissa.” He laughs and then elbows Ash. Ash laughs with amusement.
“What is it with you and money, now, Lissa?” Drake turns and frowns at Lissa.
“Why are you paying money to Lissa, Drake?” Ash frowns at Lissa.
Lissa nods. “The money donation will cover her band fees to join the club, to buy the baton, the majorette boots …”
“Boobs.” Josh sniggers.
“Shut it, Josh.” Drake pulls out his wallet and yells at his other friend.
“That’s a given.” Ash nods and claps with happiness.
“Shut it, Ash.” Drake shouts at his friend and looks down, opening the soft leather wallet.
Money, now, Drake!” Lissa wiggles her open palm at Drake.
“Wow! I see why you dumped her assets, Drake.” Josh smiles.
Lissa quickly adjusts her upright body into her warrior stance by parking both of her hands on each hip bones with her two sandals apart, readying for the fight, lifting her arched blonde tinted eyebrow, sneering at Josh. “Who had dumped whom?”
“Shut it, Josh!” Drake frowns and continues to fiddle with his wallet that does not hold any cash money, only his bank card.
“Let’s go and hustle, majorettes!” Lissa nods to each teen male and then swiftly spins around, slowly marching ahead on her designer sandals, shouting out loud with a fake smile. “I’ll pay her fees and collect the money from you later, Drayton.” Mella nods with a smile and steps away from Drake, following Lissa with excitement of becoming a marching majorette, whatever that means.
He reaches out and grabs her, frowning with worry, “Where are you going, Mella?”
The second majorette continues to stand in her spot in the row and smiles at Drake. “The school hour is the sixth period which is marching band practice for the squad of majorettes.”
Drake shakes his bone skull. “No! It is not today. That is not going to happen here to Mella.”
Ash reaches out and slaps the collar bone on Drake, winking at each cute majorette for fun. And it is sixth period for us too. We got an easy football practice today. I don’t wanna be late. Come on and get going, Drake.”
Drake steps ahead and cuddles Mella into his chest. He needs to talk with her about this dumb girly decision. He leans over and whispers into her soft cheekbone, “Mella, can I speak with you, privately?”
Lissa continues to march ahead from Drake and shouts out loud to Mella. “Mella is coming with me, Drake. She has to learn and pose her majorette body, properly.”
“I don’t see that as a problem for me.” Josh slightly wiggles more than dances side to side and nods with a smile, winking at the row of majorettes.
“Mella must learn to position her head, exactly.” The first majorette winks back at Josh.
The third majorette winks back at Josh, “Mella must learn to measure her body for…”
“I can do that for Mella, too.” Josh laughs and claps with excitement.
“Mella must learn to form the military arch, properly.” The seventh majorette smiles at Josh.
During the homecoming half-time show at the homecoming football game, the band members march ahead from the sideline with a set of drum taps and move across the grassy field, forming an upside down smile on top of the grass. the majorette squad forms at the apex. Then the twirlers create a pretend overhead the head sword military arch using their steel batons as the Homecoming Princes and Princesses carefully wander underneath the Human arch while camera bulbs brightly flash and majorettes widely smile then the Homecoming Queen is quickly crowned.
Lissa receives her infamous fifteen minutes of fame on each homecoming football game night, when each homecoming prince and princess couple poses for the digital camera. Lissa gets to pose for the camera too and smiles next to homecoming couple. Then her colorful picture appear with each homecoming couple in the local newspaper, the school yearbook, and all the numerous internet blogs for rest of the football game season, since her shortness body frame along with her smiling face, neck and big boobs appear in each photograph while the row of taller majorettes become head decapitated. Ouch!
Lissa spins around and marches back to Drake, nodding to Mella, “Say bye-bye now to Drake, Mella.”
“Bye, Lissa, Wissa.” Josh waves at Lissa with a sour frown.
“And Drake, Lissa shouts out loud. “Mella will be bunking at my house, with me, for the rest of the football game season.”
Lissa is a mother hen of the majorette squad and does not allow boy dating or boy frolicking or any boys around her girls. She keeps the squad squeaky clean with their innocent reputation, at least during the school time period between the calendar months from August to November, while the row of pretty majorettes leads the numerous semi-straight rows of marching band members on the grassy game field and outside the school campus. Lissa also exhibits a role model for each future baton twirler at Homewood High School.
In the school hallway, in front the wall of blue tinted student locker, Drake shakes his bone skull and worries about the destroyer angel and her destroyer powers and her destroyer words. “Don’t think so, Lissa.”
Lissa stops and stands, leaning into the chest on Drake, whispering for their eardrums only. “I know Myra is not there at your house during the evening hours,” she stands upright and nods with a smirk in silence.
“Myra!” The first majorette continues to stands beside Lissa and gasps in shock, after overhearing the words.
“Myra is Drake’s house maid.” Josh nods.
“Myra oversees the household now.” Drake nods.
“And you were all alone with Drake at his house during each night time.” The second majorette turns and sneers at the nose profile on Lissa.
Drake doesn’t want to embarrass Lissa, especially front of the row of majorettes. Not many individual know that his father is always away at business every day and night. high school student Lissa has a good reputation, since her father is the captain of the police department and also carries a big handgun.
Drake lifts both of his palms near his stern face. “Look! My housekeeper Myra stays at my house until ten pm at night, which is also Lissa’s curfew, ya’ll.”
“Do you live all alone at night, Drake?” The third majorette winks at Drake.
“Yes.” Drake stares at Lissa.
The fourth majorette gasps in shock and frowns at Drake. “But you are a teenager. The State of Alabama school law requires …”
“I have a set of older mature adult guards.”
“Drake possesses a set of true big and mean body guards that guards his body.” Josh smiles. “Drake is a teen billionaire.”
“Are you dating someone, now, Drake?” The sixth majorette winks at Drake.
“Did I hear right that you are all free and clear, right now, Drake?” The first majorette wiggles her hip bones and winks at Drake.
Lissa turns and gasps at the silly childish behavior from her squad. “Attention there, majorettes!”
Josh smiles. “Drake is with Mella now.”
“Are you really with her, right now, Drake? The fifth majorette jabs a finger at Mella and smiles at Drake.
Drake drops both of his hands and slaps his blue jeans, nodding with a smile. “Mella is my guest in my guest house.”
“Mella is no longer a guest at your house guest, Drake.” Lissa smiles.
“What, Lissa?” He gasps in shock.
Lissa rolls her eyeballs and returns back to see Drake, exhaling with annoyance, “Drake, we both know you’re a rotten host for any female guest.” The squad of majorette chuckles. Lissa nods. “You lack the amenities for any female personnel and …”
“Tampons.” Josh laughs.
“Please, Lissa!” Drake frowns.
“We, majorettes have female needs.” Lissa nods.
“Desires…” Josh sniggers.
“Perfume.” Lissa nods.
“Smells good.” Josh smiles.
“Makeup.”
“Fresh face.”
“Lipstick.”
“On my shirt…” Josh touches his tee shirt and winks at the first majorette.
“Knee boots.” Lissa nods.
“On for a while,” he smiles.
“Josh!” She turns and frown at Josh.
“What?” He laughs and elbows Ash, who laughs also.
“Hair products.” Lissa nods.
“I like apples best.” Josh nods.
“Josh!”
“What!” He chuckles with Ash and the row of majorettes, except for Drake.
“Fingernails.” Lissa nods.
“Long and sharp!” Josh nods with a smile.
“Josh!”
“Well, I like them long and sharp.”
“Tiara.”
“Remove it!”
“Josh!” Lissa frowns.
“Off.”
“Majorette uniform.” Lissa nods.
“I like the shiny sequins.”
“Josh.” Lissa frowns.
“I do like the shiny sequins.” Josh nods with a smile and elbows Ash as Ash nods and smiles at each pretty majorette.
“Settled.” Lissa nods to Drake. “Mella will stay with me at my house as my house guest, Drake.”
“Mella!” Drake turns and frowns at Mella.
Mella nods to Lissa and giggles with a musical tone. “Don’t worry, Drake! I’ll come back and still be your date at the homecoming football game dance. This is a new adventure for me and fun with you and all my new fun friends. Is that okay with you, too, Drake?”
Drake feels his neck muscles tense and drags his hand over the aching tissue. “I guess so.”
“Thank you, Drake.” She bounces up and down with excitement and moves ahead, following the row of majorettes for band practice.
“What’s your probe, man?” Drake turns and frown at Josh.
“I want to see her in these shiny sequins.” Josh watches the rear line of majorettes with a smile and reaches up, performing a fist bump with Ash.
Thursday,  November 7th 


08:02 am
63°F with sunny skies and parted clouds

Homewood High School location
Lunch room setting


In the morning, each growling teen stomach and a pair of smashing teen lips swallow a stack of fluffy buttermilk pancakes that drowns in sweet syrup on top of the breakfast plate at breakfast time.
Then a set of strong, tough guys and gals slowly lug a group of heavy bags which hare filled with hundreds of canned food items into several parked mobile vans for the Annual Food Drive to help a needy family within the county.
Then, each high school students finish up their creative work on their homeroom homecoming float, dressing in their fun or silly or stupid costume for the upcoming Homecoming Parade which is held on Friday afternoon. The football players finish up their football practice sessions while a few brave and tough high school students open up an arm vein literally for the Annual Blood Drive program that benefits the local medical hospitals within the country for each sick child and adult.
At 05:21 pm, Drake exits from the external auditorium door on the high school gymnasium wearing a face of sweat balls, grunting in food hunger, softly cursing at Lissa in anger, after his tough football practice for the upcoming homecoming football game tomorrow night. He struts into an empty band room and seeks Mella while kidnapping her from that crazy and insane head majorette Lissa. He does not see a single strand of long black colored hair on a tall pretty destroyer angel but views an upright Lissa, who crosses both of her naked and lean muscular arms and sneers at her formal boyfriend with annoyance.
Drake stomps towards Lissa as his two eyeballs search each wall, the floor, and the open doors for Mella, “Where is Mella at, Lissa?”
Josh pads beside Drake and winks at Lissa. “Chill, dog! Your doggie is fine. And I do mean fine.”
Drake stops and stares at Lissa while yells at his friend. “Shut it, Josh!” He returns back and frowns at Lissa, demanding. “Where’s Mella?”
“Do you really miss Mella that much, man?” Josh laughs.
He continues to stare at Lissa, “I don’t miss her. I’m…”
“Yes…”
“My father is responsible for her ….”
“Yes.”
He turns and frowns at Josh. “She’s an exchange student, durf.” He returns back and frowns at Lissa. “Where is she, Lissa?”
Lissa slaps her chest and nods with a stern face. “Drake, darling, I am responsible for my girls.”
“Where is she?” He sneers.
She drops her hand and slaps her dress. “I require all of my girls to participate in every activity at the school. These activities build character, integrity …”
“O! Wow! That does look great on a college application.” Ash nods with a grin to Lissa.
“Where is Mella, Lissa?” Drake growls and stomps closer to Lissa, who wears her majorette practice outfit.
“You are correct and articulate, as always, Ash.” Lissa smiles. “Mella has volunteered to provide the Gift of Life.”
“Wow! That was cute. Mella is having your baby.” Josh turns and laughs at Drake. “Wow! You are good. Or are you great? Or are you really the…”
Drake turns and sneers at Josh. “Shut it, Josh, before I assist you there.” He returns back and frowns at Lissa. “Gift of life! What is a Gift of Life? I do not understand that term, Lissa And what does that have to do with Mella?”
Josh laughs, “Well, I guess that’s better than the opposite of life, the gift of death or the dead pal or the gone foreverly process.”
He stares at Lissa and yells at his friend. “Shut up, Josh! Where is Mella located here within the school campus, Lissa?”
Ash stands on the other side of Drake and stares at Lissa, scratching his chest, “The Gift of Life is the motto coming for the Red Cross Organization. The Red Cross Organization collects a pint of red tinted blood from each person that volunteers to give up their blood for a sweet cookie and no monies, Drake.”
Drake gasps in horror and softly whispers, “Mella, is she donating her blood?”
“Mella is donating her blood for a good cause.” Lissa smiles.
Josh shakes his bone skull and frowns. “That is a painful adventure. I don’t…”
“Shut it, Josh!” Ash yells at his friend.
Drake back steps from Lissa with worry and spins around, quickly exiting the band room, racing through the parking lot in the bright sunlight and scans the campus grounds for a Red Cross bus which is painted in red tint. He spots the bus and enters through open doors, halting inside an empty aisle, hearing the moan from each volunteer teenager, scanning each lounge cot and every sitting chair. Then he finds her and whispers with worry. “Mella!” He dashes ahead to her rescue.
Mella sits in a lounge chair with both legs and her one arm outstretched over the smooth fabric on the furniture piece. A nurse stabs the vein on Mella for the fourth time and sneers with annoyance. Mella softly cries with a set wet heated tears rolling down each pale cheekbone along with a meek voice. “Ouch! That hurts.”
The nurse frowns down at the stubborn vein on the tall, pretty teen female. “The tiny pain is part of your loving sacrifice for each sick patient to heal and get healthy that lives here in the Homewood city limits, miss.”
“Stop that!” Drake stops and sneers at the nurse, examining Mella and  her arm. “Stop that with the needle, right now, lady.”
The nurse looks up and sneers at Drake. “Don’t touch me! I will …”
Drake kneels beside Mella and reaches out gently touching her colorful wounded arm, sneering at the professional nurse. “Are you blind, woman? She is crying and upset from each needle puncture. Don’t you care about her well-being as a caring and compassionate registered medical nurse and all, nasty lady?”
The nurse sneers at Drake. “She came here and then volunteered to...”
“... enjoy the life of pain. I do not think so, bitch.” He assists Mella to stand and then tenderly cuddles her body, sneering down at the brown tinted hair roots on the elderly nurse. “It is obviously to me, her veins are deeply embedded too far down into her arm for a bloodletting, ya evil witch.”
“She…”
“She is leaving right now,” He slowly spins around and carefully moves ahead with her towards the open doors.
Mella leans into his cheekbone and continues to sob with pain, whispering the words to Drake. “The Gift of Life.”
They exit the bus and then slowly pad towards his truck in the dull sunlight of cooler temperatures with parted clouds.
He gently hugs Mella and leans over, lightly pecking her left cheekbone for comfort, whispering softly. “Do you possess a set of internal veins?”
“I…”
“Do you possess veins of blood?”
“I…”
“Probably not, huh!” Drake laughs and slowly strolls with Mella through the parking lot, heading towards his parked truck. He is driving Mella home. She has had a bad day and will miss the football game tonight. Drake looks down and examines the numerous needle punctures on her arm that has caused a series of tiny blue colored marks, “Do you bruise?”
“Nicely.” She frowns and rubs her arching forearm and bruised skin.
“Now, I’ll take you home.”
“That is my job, Drayton.” Lissa appears and stands behind the back spine on Drake and Mella.
“Lissa!” Drake stops with a gasp and then slowly spins around with Mella, sneering at Lissa.
The other five majorettes form a huddle around their pretty but insane leader Lissa. Lissa nods with a stern face. “Thanks for the save, Drake! We will take it from here. Don’t worry! Mella is in a pair of good manicured and slightly kiwi-scented softer hands than my mother's.” She spins around and lifts up her arm, wiggling her manicured hand to Drake. “Tell Drake bye-bye for now, Mella!”
Mella moves ahead with a stern face and continues to sob with pain from the terrible needle punctures.
Drake continues to stand in shock and stares at the back spine on Mella in silence.
Friday, November 8th


Highway 31 location
02:22 pm
66ºF and sunshine without clouds


On top of a flat bed traveling trailer platform made of dull and non-polished wooden planks, the entire football team players do not stand around but horseplay with each other while shouting out loud a string of curses words for fun, laughing at the silly commotions.
Near the rear of the platform, Drake stands beside Ash and fights with his known assailant as his tee shirt stretches sideways and then rips at his naked throat running down towards his exposed belly button, presenting a naked chest of muscles and an eight pack of abs to the wildly cheering crowd of teenagers and adults.
Josh laughs at Drake. Ash points and chuckles at Drake.
The Homecoming Parade continues in motion down a blocked highway a few miles from the high school campus and features a musical marching band, several high school colorful floats with teens in costumes, the tumbling pack of limber high school cheerleaders and three flat bed trailers that displays the team players from the football, basketball and baseball teams while impressing and cheering for the local neighborhood.
On top of the flat trailer with the football team players, Josh stands upright and rotates both of his fists in the air, growling for fun. He smiles. “Come and join the line-up now, man!” He leans over and tries to slam his fist into the naked chest on Drake. Drake is too quick and junks to the side from the anticipated impact, standing upright, slapping his fist into the chest on Josh in return while laughing out loud.
Many of the buffed male team players have shucked off their tee shirt and present a hard body exposing a set of ripped and ripe muscular sinew in the heated air waves while each one playfully imitates a Mr. Universe position on top of the flat bed of trailer at each viewing citizens of Homewood.
The excited female teens toss an individual flower on top of the float and the small children throw individual pieces of wrapped candy pieces. While a row of depressed teen males pitch loud boos and mature adults wildly cheer for the football team during the parade route.
The hidden stereo speaker within the cab on the pickup truck that pulls the flat bed trailer plays a new song which is entitled Strike a Pose and is song on her 1980ss record album by superstar musician Madonna.
“Strike a pose. Strike a pose. Vogue, vogue, vogue, vogue, vogue. Look around everywhere…”
On the rear end of the platform, Josh dances side to side to the musical song and claps his hands with a smile, and then stops, holding both of his biceps in the air for the cheering crowd of students and parents. “Strike a pose!”
Ash poses with both of his naked biceps in the air like Josh, shouting out loud. “Do the Atlas dude next, ya'll.”
Each participating males twists a half-naked body sideways and faces the cheering crowd , beautifully arching their left bicep into a smooth bump on each curved arm and then kisses with his chin the arch for two seconds. Then, one at a time, each player prettily swings his body sideways to the other side and rolls his right arm upright forming a hard steel muscled left bicep imitating the Greek god Atlas pose as the crowd claps, hoots, yells, and whistles echoing up into the clouds.
“Now, do the Hulk man, dude!” Josh shouts out loud and leans down, flexing both of his arms in front of his chest, growling like the action superhero at the crowd.
The row of half-naked players sway a body in front of the crowd and then bends the kneecaps, lowering the chin down into the chest, bowing each bicep in a half-circle. Each one flexes their set of arm biceps and triceps showing off a flesh of eight pack abs, growling with humor as the crowd claps, hoots, yells, and whistles with delight.
In front of the flat trailer platform, Harvey stands upright from his Hulk man pose and shouts out loud to the other players, “Do the water boy, guys.”
Each football player raises a pair of scrupled arm muscles evenly with their broad shoulders, pumping up and down each bicep in the air while tooting like a bird as the crowd goes wild with louder claps, hoots, yells, and whistles. The parade heads back to the high school as the thick crowd is left behind. The citizens return back to their business office or their home settings.
On the school road, the high school principal stands at the closed front door on the high school administration building and waves both of his long arms in the air while ending the homecoming parade. The marching band continues to play the fight song and marched directly into the band room for a quick critique from the band direction, before heading home for the supper meal, dressing for the football half-time show.
Each individual including elementary, junior and high school student displays an imaginative or inventive homecoming costume such like, a cowgirl or a wizard or a pirates or a starlet or a scary monsters. Each individual continues to dance and cheer following the last trailer that contains the football team who continue to show-off their athletic stance on top of the flat bed platform, striking a goofy muscle pose as the females croon with love. Then the trailer halts and ends the parade.
Ash, Drake, and Josh continue to stand on top of the trailer and reaches down, grabbing a handful of dying flowers or wrapped candy pieces, bombarding each citizen for fun with their loud laughter.
From the high school building, Lissa rushes through the open doors and wears her majorette indigo tinted mid-drift top with a pair of matching shorty-shorts  swaying her baton back and forth in the air and stops, gulping bits of fresh air. “Drake!” She continues to race ahead towards the flat trailer, spotting Drake.
Drake continues to stand with his friends and hears his name, slowly scanning the parking of people, spotting Lissa. He jumps down from the trailer with joy and opens his arm, catching her for fun. “Lissa!”
Lissa pants for air between her words. “Come! Mella! She…”
“Mella!” He gasps in shock.
“…trouble...” she spins around and races ahead into the open doors on the high school building, running down an empty hallway towards side wall with each academic classroom. Drake, Ash, and Josh run behind her pair of indigo blue sneakers.
Inside an empty school hallway, in front of the wall of blue tinted metal lockers, Mella leans against the cold metal and smiles at the familiar teen male. 
The male leans over and invades her air space, positioning both his large hands between her skull bone while supplying a set of bad breathes into her nostrils. “I like you.” He reaches down and grabs one of her hair strands, twirling it around his thick finger pad.
“I like Drake.” She smiles.
He smiles. “Yeah, Drake is a lucky boy; but I am the luckier man.”
“Drake is my man. Please, move out of my way, right now,” she pushes her hands against his naked chest as her new shiny baton prettily lies on the opposite end of the hallway from his violent toss with the twirling weapon.
He chuckles and releases her hair, leaning down into her face. “I like you.”
“I can see that you had failed numerous vocabulary tests as an elementary child. Am I correct here, sir?” She giggles.
His finger shifts and then strokes her naked throat with a smile. She exhales with annoyance at the pitiful human teenager and ponders placing the human male inside one of the metal lockers for her nasty destroyer angel fun.
From the open doors, Lissa leads and then halts several feet from the danger, pointing in silence at Mella.
Drake leads his two friend and gasps in fury, racing faster to the danger, shouting out loud in jealousy. “Mella!”
In front of the wall of metal lockers, Mella shoves her hands again into his naked chest trying to bugle his bulk, since she can’t see anything but his black chest hair, returning the shout. “Drake.”
Ash dashes through the open archway and then slides into a halt, shouting out loud in fury, viewing the naked back spine on the male teen. “Harvey!”
Harvey is the mayor’s son, who is the worse football player on the team and never is allowed to play on the field but he gets to work out with the players and stands on the field sidelines, watching his team mates play.
Drake collides into the back spine on Harvey and slides the tall male from Mella, tripping over his own big feet, tumbling down on top of the hard wooden floor. He continues to punch and slap his hands on Harvey, rolling over the hard floor, producing a splitting cheekbone, a broken nose bridge and a busted top lip as the color of red decorates the side wall, the flat floor, and the naked chest, and the dirty pair of blue jeans on each player.
Both Ash and Josh rush ahead with worry and then separate, leaning down, grabbing up a fighting teen. Josh drags Harvey from Drake and off the floor, shoving his back spine into the wall of lockers, pinning Harvey into the cool metal. Josh examines each bloody body part on Harvey and sneers with a string of nasty words into the teen's face.
“Whoa, man! The star quarterback doesn’t need a suspension, right before the big game tonight.” Ash frowns with worry and leans his friend Drake against the wall paint in beige. Drake continues to pump both his two fists that is marred with Harvey’s blood into the air in-between Ash’s two armpits.
Mella dashes ahead towards Drake and views the bruised cheekbone and the split top lip on Drake, dragging Ash away, hugging Drake with love. She reaches out and caresses each one of his wounds with a smile and her warm finger pads, pulling back with a nod.
He gasps in shock and exhales with confusion, rising up, gently touches his non-painfully face with both of his healed knuckles while feeling an intact cheekbone and the dried blood on his top lips, whispering softly. “What did you just do, Mella?”
“I fixed you up good like the Southern people like to say.” She smiles. “Do you like my handy work?”
“Mella.” Drake leans over and hugs her body, pulling back with a smile.
Lissa appears and stands with a stern face behind the back spine on Mella, reaching out, pulling Mella from Drake. Mella stands besides Lissa. Lissa frowns. “Okay, Mella. The Hollywood side show is over in here.” She reaches out and grabs the forearm on Mella, spinning them around, slowly moving towards the open archway. “Let’s go home and get ready for the homecoming football game. We have hair, makeup, and placement of our tiara along with the band photographs that are due in two hours. Say bye-bye now to Drake!”
Mella swings around and waves her hand with a silly smile at Drake.
Ash scoots in front of Drake and nods with a stern face, “We need to go! It's time to eat our final supper meal and then suit up for homecoming football game, man.” He reaches out and grabs the collar bone on Drake, drugging him towards the opposite hallway door heading to the football locker room.
Josh reaches out and slams his fist into a weakened Harvey first without moving ahead towards the football field, sneering into Harvey's face. “What about It over here?”
Ash releases Drake and then spins around, winking at Harvey, nodding to Josh, “I do believe that we should bring him along with us for some reindeer football fun and games with the semi-grown men.” Ash laughs with a wicked smile. “Once the team of semi-grown men hear and learn about his girl-stealing process, that is.” Josh and Ash laugh out loud.
Josh shoves Harvey down through the hallway toward his final punishment.

Three hours later, at 09:46 pm, the football homecoming game continues among a skyline of twinkling bright stars and unknown white tinted planets in the cosmic with rays of bright moonlight bombarding the cooler air temperatures. The Homewood football fans and team players rule the night and continues to cheer their favorite team after the crowning of the homecoming king and queen during the lovely half-time festivities.
A row of decorative high school floats is parked at the end of the field behind the home goal post with a group of cheering students on top of the messy platform of torn and colored paper and a puddle of empty beer cans.
On the Homewood side in the bleacher stands, the band section displays rows of active band members who toot their instrument, a row of flag bearers, who wave the school flag in the air. Two sword bearers wiggle their truly dull-tinted silver colored  sword above their hair roots and a team of band dancers stand on the grassy side beside the bleachers and dance to the musical song.
On the top row, head majorette Lissa and her row of six baton twirlers continue to cheer and watch the last minutes of the Homewood homecoming football game.
Above the row of messy high school floats, a gigantic score board holds the time and the score. The time clock steadily counts down the last ten minutes and forty-three seconds, before the start of annual homecoming Dance which will be held inside a nicely decorated gym without the puddle of empty beer cans.
Each two-stepper will dance to a rock music and eat tons of food and secretly sip on stashes of cold beer cans that rest underneath a the theater stage, which is used for nothing but storage of sports equipment. Of course, all this will occur right after star quarterback Drake tosses the winning ball for the winning play with the winning touchdown to win the annual football homecoming game.
On top of the messy grassy field, inside the football huddle, star quarterback Drake claps and nods to each player for the winning touchdown, standing upright, watching the goal post.
Each Homewood football player scoots around and stops, leaning down in their football stance while growling at the opposing game player.
The center football plays looks with his two eyeballs to the left and then to the right, loudly calling out the audio signal. “Hike!”  The football flies from his finger pads on the sweaty leather and soars through the air towards Drake.
Drake catches the football and then dances his two feet backwards from the center football player, scouting the open grassy field for an unprotected running tailback that continues to run and then stops with a guarded man.
On the offensive line that guards the star quarterback, his last game and his first football play, Harvey purposefully slips down and lands his tall body down on top of the ripped grass, laughing with revenge.
The defensive guard player from the opposite team gasps in shock and leaps over a fallen Harvey, lowering his football helmet even with the grass, racing ahead with a sneer. He rams into the exposed rib cage on Drake.
Drake quickly stumbles backward and slowly releases the football, bowing down at the defensive guard, grabbing his set of aching ribs in pain.
The defensive guard backs up with a sneer and plows his lowered helmet at Drake’s bone skull.
Drake falls backwards with a sissy yell and then lands flat on his back spine with both arms and both of his legs form a spread-eagle formation on top of the grass. His lips spit blood from his tongue and flies into the air and as his continues to grunt in severe pain, snipping the air for oxygen, closing his two eyelids from his nausea dizziness.
In the bleacher stands, Mella continues to stand and then screams in horror, “Drake!” She leaps up from the top bleacher platform and then swiftly soars down through the heads in the crowd with her set of destroyer powers, landing down on top of the gravel ground. She narrowing her eyelashes and observes the pack of medical staff running onto the field to work on an injured Drake.
A mobile medical cot lifts up from the grass and carries a decorated Drake who wears a bandaged neck, a naked chest and a pair of white tinted socked feet and as the medical team quickly moves Drake towards the locker room. She follows with the mobile gurney and views the football team locker room, which is located on top of the hill, seeing the door open and then slam shut, locking Drake away from her. Mella rushes towards the fenced gate and slams into the metal, slamming her baton at the locked bolt.
Lissa appears and stands behind the back spine on Mella, slamming her baton down on the locked bolt too while sneering with fury at the new student, “Where are you planning to go, Mella?”
“I must check on Drake.” Mella looks up and stares at the closed door on the locker room without seeing the unconscious body of Drake.
“That is not humanly and girly possible. Drake is going to see the football physician who is located inside the football locker room. No girls are allowed up there, only the coaches and players. We will wait here for any good news about Drake at the bleachers.” Lissa stares at the closed door on the football locker room that holds an injured Drake.
“I must go straight and care for Drake, right now.” She frowns with fear and worry.
“No, Mella! You are now part of the Homewood marching band. You are required to obey me as the head majorette of the Homewood majorette squad with my blessings. You are to stay with the band members until the football game has ended in ten minutes and thirteen seconds. Then we all can leave and visit with Drake. He is fine and dandy.” Lissa watches with a smile the medical cot. The team of medical professional and an injured Drake enter the locker room.
She turns and scans the football field with worry, spinning around, nodding to Lissa with a fake smile. “I understand. I need to go to the bathroom facilities. Where is the female lavatory located at around here?”
Lissa points at the top of the same hill with a nod. “The girly bathroom facility is located over by the food concession building on the right side of the tall hill, not on the left side of the food concession building. The left side is the boy's bathroom”
She turns and swiftly paces down the long fence, moving towards the hilltop with numerous small white tinted concrete building but a pair of eyeballs  burns her back spine from Lissa. She climbs each hard concrete step with a single sneer at the human female teen and slams open the female lavatory door, arriving inside the football locker room, seeing an unconscious Drake in the medical cot on top of the hard floor.
She wiggles both of her hand and temporary freezes time, space and motion of each person inside the locker room, advancing to Drake, stopping beside his medical cot. She squats down with a smile and touches each one of his wounds, healing his busted nose bridge, his split lip, his broken collar bone, and his bruised spinal cord, completing her medical work.
She continues to smile down at Drake in silence and then leans down, kissing his repaired soft pink tinted lips, pulling back with a giggle.
On top of the medical cot, Drake blinks open both of his eyelids and views Mella. She giggles. “Hello, Prince Charming!” He chuckles with humor.
“Drake!” An invisible body voices in a tenor timber over the black colored hair roots on a lounging Drake. “O! I thought you alone. My mistake!” Then a visible tall overweight body appears behind the hair roots on Drake but smiles at Mella. “Now, it is time.” The man snaps his fingers and then the three individuals disappear totally from the Homewood football locker room.

At 10:25 pm, the skyline is filled with downpours of raindrops and presents an individual wild lightning bolt that flashes bright light into the darkness. At the Hatem Manor, inside the gymnasium room, destroyer angel Mella gently lands down from the air waves on her two booted heels beside the horizontal body of Drake on top of the cold floor and then kneels down with worry, reaching down, touching his naked forearm.
Drake continues to lie on the cold floor and scans the new room, gasping in shock, frowning with confusion. He sits upright on both of his elbows and continues to scan the familiar room. “This is the gym inside my house. We are back at my house. Why did you transport me here with your angel power, Mella? I need to get back to the school grounds and go back into the football game, before we lost the points and lost the game?”
Inside the Hatem Manor, the gymnasium room lies in-between the pool house and the kitchen doors. The gym floor displays a solid wall of reflection mirrors on the long sides and reflects a row of light and heavy free weights on each metal stand from the opposite wall. Six different types of cardio-exercise machines stand in the middle of the room.
“You are correct as usual, Drake.” A tall and overweight male stands alone on the short side wall and smiles at Drake, gently dropping down his dark blue business briefcase against the wall point.
Mella looks up and gasps in shock, pointing at the tall and overweight male, expressing her fear, “He! Is that your father, Drake?”
Drake continues to rest on top of the cold gym floor and ponders her strange method of transportation, looking up, nodding with a smile to his father. His father had come to see his son play in the homecoming football game tonight. “Hey, Dad! Yeah, that’s my dad. I know he isn’t similar looking to my person. I look like my mom. She had possessed a head of short black colored hair, not his head of blonde colored hair.”
She studies the father. “Drake, this is…”
He turns and smiles at Mella, “Who do you think this man is, Mella?”
She jabs a finger at the tall and overweight male, “This is. That is. Drake, he is one of Satan’s generals.”
He laughs. “Naw! This is my father, Mella. His name is Daniel Hatem. But he does possess an evil temper and tiny somewhat demonically rough and tough devilish attitude with certain folks, but he is definitely not Satan.”
“He is not Satan. He is a very good friend of Satan. He is one of Satan’s generals.”
The father of Drake, a tall, overweight, pale skinned male wears a gray business suit and a pair of black shoes, slowly curls a smile on his pale skin, which does not resemble his only biological child. “You should listen to a destroyer angel, Drake. They always provide great insight into trouble.”
Drake stares at his father and points at Mella. “Do you know what she is? How do you know what she is?”
“Mella,” Daniel smiles and shakes his blonde colored hair. Drake gasps in shock. Daniel frowns at Mella, “You are such a great disappointment, darling. But this is your first assignment as a destroyer angel. Satan will understand. But I’ll personally take the time to explain to him every detail. The most important being,” he chuckles, “Please excuse the pun! You are too young and too inexperienced for such a big job.”
Drake turns and gasps at Mella. “Satan, he is the leader of all the evil forces here on Planet Earth.” She turns and nods in silence to Drake.
Daniel slowly advances from the side wall with a smile towards the young couple and slaps his chest with a nod. “I am the bad guy as ya’ll like to say here down South.”
She reaches down and grabs the forearm on Drake, jerking his body upright from the floor, sliding him behind her back spine, sneering with fury at Daniel.
Drake slides sideways and then shoves Mella behind his back spine, staring at his father. “No! You get behind me, Mella! I will protect you from him. Whoever he really is?” He stands upright and rotates his two fists in the air, growling at his father.
Daniel continues to tap a pair of polished leather towards Drake. “You can’t protect her, Drake. You are only a human, which is a puny sub-creature down here on Planet Earth…”
“…that can beat your nasty butthole any day of the week, Daddy-O...” Drake continues to rotate his fists in the air as Mella hides behind his back spine for protection.
Daniel swiftly lifts both of his feet up from the gym floor, soars through the air waves, and then lands down a few feet from Drake, clapping with humor, laughing with amusement. “Bravos! Bravo for the little human. He has spunk and fight. Let’s see if you bleed, little creature…”
“Wait!” He spins around with a smile and views Mella. “Isn’t this the right moment when you tell me that I’m some great and powerful awesome angel of light and might that fights to save you and me from the evil being?” She shakes her curls in silence. He exhales with worry. “Why isn’t my statement correct, Mella?”
She whispers with worry. “You are a small human being, not an angel of light and might.”
He rubs both his dirty hands over his sweaty face, spinning around, holding both his palms near his worried brow. He stares at his father. “Okay! All right! Then I’m a great and awesome demon of dark and bark that fights to save you and me.” Mella continues to hide behind Drake and shakes her curls in silence, without Drake seeing. He smiles. “Am I right, Mella?”
“No. You are composed of soft flesh and liquid blood on a delicate human bio-shell, Drake,” she whispers for his eardrums.
“Great!” He exhales with worry and whispers underneath his breath. “We are both going to die.”
Daniel torments with more fun and cocks his skull, studying Drake. “My one hundred percent human son, which I had created from my own body. I produced a human boy. Talk about some lousy luck!”
“Lousy luck! I’m not lousy or lazy. I’m lucky,” Drake sneers.
She whispers, “Drake, your biological father Daniel is a fallen angel. He fell down from the famous battle in the Garden of Eden, when he had sided with Satan foreverly.”
“I should be some part angel or another part demon or part of something,” Drake frowns. His mind quickly reviews his limited knowledge of angels and demons, hell and heaven, and other super beings that live here on Planet Earth from his church lessons in the church and with his mother.
Daniel shakes his shoulder length curls with a sour frown. “I am so sorry, son. It seems our bad apple rotten luck befalls upon the both of us. I wanted and needed an heir for my vast evil purpose. You needed to become bad, before you could become my heir.”
Drake shakes his skull with confusion. “I don’t understand. I am …”
“…not bad, Drake. You are a good, kind, generous, thoughtful, and happy living heavenly soul inside a human teen male.” She smiles and stills hides behind Drake.
Drake nods. “And my biological mother was a good person too, who was a human female. My mom had cared for everyone, especially me …”
“Yes, your mother had cared too much.” Daniel frowns.
“Did you actually love my mother, my evil father?”
“Yes.” he softly whispers and bows his chin down into his chest feeling sorrow.
Drake gasps in shock and stomps ahead toward Daniel, shouting in angry, jabbing a point at his father. “You! You did it! You murdered my mother, because she was caring good person and too kind for your evil purpose.”
Mella gasps in shock and reaches out, grabbing the fit naked waistline on Drake, hugging his body. She shouted out loud with the truth, “No, Drake! Daniel didn’t do that vile act. Your mother was truly sick with numerous cancer cells. That was her chosen destined to die from her cancer illness and leave you here alone. This was her heavenly purpose here on the planet.”
He snorts and then slaps his naked chest. “So I am destined to become an evil teenager like you, Daddy dearest or I will die as a good soul like my good mother. So, which is it going to be, Daddy dearest Daniel?”
Daniel shakes his curls and smiles at Drake. “I am your real father, son.”
He turns and mouth spits his salvia down on the tile, looking up, growling at Daniel. “That’s right! You are different from me and I am different from you, Father damnest.”
“I had hoped you would turn out to be a bad and evil creature like me.” Daniel chuckles. “Maybe, a chip off the old block as the human race likes to spit out mouth saliva down on the clean floor. “Ain’t that right, Mella?”
Mella exhales with worry and steps sideways, standing beside Drake, turning with a nod to see his nose profile. “You must understand that a fallen angel can marry another fallen angel or a human, producing offspring.”
“Me!” Drake frowns at his father.
“A fallen angel can birth a little baby fallen angels. The mixed couple …”
“...my mother and my evil father…”
She nods. “The mixed couple has a fifty-fifty percent chance of birthing a supernatural infant baby fallen angel.”
“Tough luck, human! You lost the coin toss.” Daniel sniggers.
Drake slaps his naked chest with a smile, “Then I am filled with great luck that I ain’t born with no supernatural powers. Or I would become like my evil father.” He jabs a finger at Denel with a sneer. “I am proud to be a human and an American.” He nods at the dangerous male and his dangerous situation hoping that heaven is as pretty as proclaimed.
“Are these your last words, human.” Daniel laughs.
He shakes his black tinted hair,  “Naw! I am thinking of more …”
She smiles at Daniel. “A fallen angel also possess a set of great supernatural powers, Drake.”
“Like I mentioned before, you can’t save her or yourself from your fatal demise with a fallen angel, which is me.” Daniel nods with laughter.
“Bring it on, Dad! I’ll die trying to defend Mella as best as I can, since I’m made of good and you’re made of …”
“…evil. The boy can’t say the darn dirty word. He is so goody-goody with two correct pair of spit polished cowboy boots. Geez! I should’ve killed you in your baby crib when I had the opportunity.” Daniel sneers.
He frowns. “In my baby crib?” Drake turns and nods to Mella. “My evil father had known back that far that I was going to become a good person. How did he know that, Mella? Couldn’t he  had changed me with awesome set of his fallen angel powers into an evil person here on the planet?”
She turns and winks at Drake. “No! Not really! The essence of a human is the heavenly soul …”
“…which does not come from Satan or Mommy dearest or Daddy damnest or hell.” Daniel smiles.
Drake gasps in shock. “The soul comes from heaven.”
She smiles. “Daniel can see that you were born to become a good person. He can’t change you, Drake. He can’t stop your progress in the path of light….”
“… only with death …”
“You left something out, Mella.” Daniel looks down and smiles at his trimmed and clean fingernails.
“No.” She turns and frowns at the blonde hair roots on Daniel.
“Yes.” He looks up and smiles at her.
“I told the truth, Daniel.” She sneers.
Daniel turns and winks at Drake. “Do not ever trust a destroyer angel, Drake. She always lies. The lying talent is built into their innate nature to survive for any reason and from any cause…”
“Mella tells me the truth.” Drake turns and frowns at his evil father, scooting sideways, cuddling Mella.
He smiles. “Mella can’t protect you, either, Drake. You are my offspring. You are off-limits within her domain.”
“I will protect Drake. Just watch me, Daniel!” She growls.
Daniel laughs and points at Mella. “Look at her, Drake! Did you really examine her physical structure? Mella is a beautiful, alluring and seductive female. She is a seductress. Yes, that is the proper noun that comes into my mind. Wouldn’t you agree, son? You are composed of soft flesh and liquid blood in a teenly body with a set of raging male hormones.”
Drake nods with a smile to his father. “Every angel is beautiful.”
“Yes, every angel is beautiful. I would agree. However, you have not visited heaven, yet,” Daniel chuckles. “I can tell you with honest to goodness truth for darn certain that every angel is are not beautiful. As a matter of fact, the other angels are really ugly and rounded with bubbly fat similar to a little pale skinned baby piglet with a pink undertone on their fat pot belly. But you will see what I mean when you reach the front of the pearly gates and meet Saint Peter for the next round.”
Drake turns and frowns at Mella. “Is his correct, Mella?”
“Yes.” She whispers and stares at Daniel.
“A destroyer angel is very, very pretty and very, very…” Daniel snorts. “Do I dare say the word? Sexy, alluring, seductive, does that describes Mella?”
Drake flames with fury at his father Daniel. “Mella told me all that the necessary information about a destroyer angel, Father. I don’t appreciate your vile explanation or vulgar ideas floating inside my head.”
“Well then, lad, I’m glad you came out smart.” He laughs. “I guess I don’t have to mention that a destroyer angel is the exact opposite of a guardian angel in every purpose. A guardian angel is designed to guide and protect each good soul here on Planet Earth, where a destroyer angel is created to lead and seduce all the good soul down towards hell with her supernatural talents consisting of beauty, brains, breasts…”
“Enough, Daniel!” Drake spits out his mouth salvia in the air and stomps one bare feet on top of the clean tile.
“O! Come on, Drake! Stop protecting the little wretch!”
She frowns at Daniel. “Stop it, Daniel! I don’t like your tone or your words.”
“And if I tell you? This is the part that she has left out of her short and sweet narrative with the precious story of the heavenly soul.” He grins. “Mella works directly for me. Mella is my employee within my evil business from my evil empire.”
Drake quickly releases Mella with a gasp and then spins around with a sneer. “Mella!”
She lifts both of her open palms near her worried brow, “I can …”
“I can explain the tale better to you, son. I don’t want her giving you the half-way truths which are mixed in with the full lies.” Daniel nods with a grin. “I hired Mella to seduce you which had been her first assignment as a destroyer angel.”
Drake gasps in alarm. “What!” He swiftly back paces from Mella and studies her facial expression while pondering Daniel’s set of nasty words and understands this dire, dangerous, and deadly situation.
“A destroyer angel is raised differently from the flock of true bad rotten apple fallen angels. Each one is birthed from a pair of fallen angels, hence their angelic supernatural talents. As I stated before, not every angel of fallen or faithful roots is a beautiful creature while coming from a purely esthetic point of view. The cute little babes are jerked away from their evil fallen angel mother and then each one is trained similar to their counterparts kinda like a guardian angel with a naughty twist.” He chuckles. “The method possess an ingenious wickedly evil twist.” He waves a hand and then materializes a set of metal chairs, sitting down in the chair behind his butthole, staring at Mella.
Mella stomps ahead in pair of majorette boots around the metal chair and sits down on the edge of padded seat with both of her hands inside her lap like a southern lady, staring at Daniel in silence. Drake copies her maneuver and stares at his father in silence also.
Daniel leans back into padded cushion and lifts up one leg, bending his kneecap into his chest as his heel bangs on the padded fabric, tattling with a smile. “She is a beautiful babe. Don’t you think Mella as a beautiful female, Drake? Yes, I do also. I plucked her from the fallen angel nursery by himself. She is a pretty little thing with her big violet-colored doe eyes, a tone of glowing pale skin, and a pair of lush red tinted lips. Yes, the pretty little girl grows into a beautiful teenager. Mella is real, not fake like some of these other human high school females with their plastic body parts. Mella is only a teen at seventeen years old which is based on Earth time.” He sniggers, “Where am I going with my story? Yes, the pretty girls and guys, we don’t discriminate down there in hell fire. When I had finally accepted the fact that my boy…”
Drake snorts and slaps his chest.
Daniel ignores the nasty sound. “When I found out that he was a permanent good soul. I set upon a new course of deception using one of my newest destroyer angels.” He pauses for drama then smiles. “A destroyer angel is educated with the schooling of intelligence, manners of sophistication, and seduction of technique but whole of innocent.”
“Mella!” Drake whispers for his eardrums only and looks down at the dirty floor with a heavy heart of deception.
Daniel smiles and continues his vocal torment on his son. “That got your attention, did it not, boy? Each destroyer angel is a virgin like her heavenly counterpart. I bet you had figured that one out from the get-go, is that not right, boy? Yes, a virgin acts, looks, and even smells different from these nasty others. It is the whole innocent thing that attracts a good soul to our side of evil with seduced, sealed, and savored as their famous motto. However, I have never seen a destroyer angel fail ...”
“I failed.” Mella exhales with disappointment.
He exhales with frustration. “You did at that, Mella. But I had mentioned before that I will be discussing the final outcome of your first assignment with Satan.”
“I…” she frowns.
“Would you like to provide some additional information to me, Mella?”
“No.”
“I’m your immediate supervisor. Or have you forgotten your position?”
“No.”
Daniel rubs a single hand over his flaming red colored goatee and studies Mella. “You aren’t to be blamed for your failure, Mella. The little human Joshua is truly the cause of your missed opportunity of delicious evil seduction here.”
Drake looks up and gasps in fear, sneering at Daniel. “Joshua, what about my friend Josh?”
“The little human is clever but lousy in foreign languages. He translated the wrong Latin phrase of the light burning into the light-bearer,” Daniel smiles. “All in all, it was an innocent mistake by interfering with my overall evil plan which in turn impacted a lot of beings including a fallen, a destroyer, and one human.”
“Ex lucem ferre.” Drake repeats the Latin words from Josh’s ripped notepaper while performing that stupid chant.
“The string of Latin words translates into: from Lucifer.” She looks down at the floor and exhales with worry.
“I don’t understand. I chanted the string of Latin words to bring me an angel.” He turns and smiles down at her black tinted hair roots.
She looks up and nods back at Drake. “You had recanted the correct English version from Josh’s paper. But you had called forth a destroyer angel when you had spoke the Latin word of lucem ferre in the Ancient Latin chant. That’s how I appeared or fell from the sky and down into the puddle of water.”
“Then you were a mistake for me for the very beginning.” He gasps in shock and viewed Daniel.
Daniel winks with a smile. “Right you are, boy! She was a mistake that had observed by you. I had assigned Mella to meet you at 11:30 pm on Earth time.”
“Wait! I spoke out loud the Latin chant at 6:30 pm based on Earth time.”
“Since, Joshua gave you the correct string of Latin words to vocalize and conjure up a real destroyer angel at 6:30 pm of Earth time, Mella was sitting idle and in limbo until 11:29 pm for her new assignment, from me, in hell fire, of course. When she entered your space as the humans say. She immediately descended down upon the Earth plane as called brought forth by that silly Latin incantation, falling straight down to you, landing in our house. I couldn’t stop the process, Mella.” Daniel nods.
She growls at Daniel. “You knew about the incantation and my capture.”
He nods. “Of course, I know, girl. I’m your boss and your keeper. I have followed all your failing tasks on this simple teen male assignment.”
“Did your eyeballs really spy on us?” Drake growls.
“I spied with my spy while hoping she would seduce you to the dark side.” Daniel laughs. “As it unhappily ended, she didn’t do that. So, I get the boring task of ending your life, teen human, right now.”
Mella swiftly stands upright from her seat and violently kicks the chair from her body with her boot heel, screaming out loud at Daniel. “Drake wins this. You can’t change the rules, Daniel.”
“There are only my rules, beautiful babe. I make up the rules that you are required to follow, Mella. A new rule, I am adding this one. Two life forms of death including my one hundred human son Drake and that meddling human teen male Joshua. I can’t allow Josh to interfere again with any of my future evil plans. That boy is too smart for his own good.”
Drake slowly stands upright from his seat and smiles at Daniel, shaking his bone skull. “Josh, you can’t touch or harm him. He is another good soul. From what I have heard and learned here, you can’t touch him without some kind of bad reprimand coming from your evil supervisor, Daddy damnest.”
“You’re correct, Drake. But she can.” Daniel points at Mella and chuckles. “You can reprieve yourself, dear.” He continues to sit and crosses his arms.
“I refuse.” She shakes her curls.
He exhales with annoyance. “We will be discussing your little rebellion later, Mella.”
“I’ll protect Drake first.” She scoots closer to Drake for protection.
Daniel waves his hand and evaporates his personal metal chair, slowly standing upright in place, smirking at Mella. “You will not be trying that, Mella. You, more than I, realize your ultimate weaknesses. You are a human as you stand upright from that chair yelling at me in a very cute way. However, I will be remembering all of this nasty goody behavior foreverly.”
“I am not fully human girl yet. I still have some destroyer juice left in my angelic soul, my evil master.” She nods.
“Ah, yes! Your pull from the Ether Zone has left you with very little demon juice for the ride back home, Mella.” Daniel turns and smiles at Drake. “I have discovered a human flaw within each destroyer model …”
“I’m not flawed.” She sneers and stomps her majorette boot.
“A destroyer angel is trained or more appropriately treated as a human with a series of etiquette for proper table manners, excellent communication languages, and nice social skills. Since a human does not possess a set of supernatural powers, we do not allow a destroyer to zap and zing on a human for their fun prey like a fallen angel. Therefore, her powers buzz in a weaken state from the lack of utilization.” Daniel nods.
“So, the lack of destroyer juice keeps her heavenly innocence intact within her angelic soul that comes from God.” Drake turns and smiles at Mella.
“Good boy, Drake! Mella can’t conjure up a material possession or project image or give you the six winning lottery numbers for tonight’s gambling feat. No, she can only seduce with her long legs and big doe eyes. Do you like her big doe eyes, Drake?” Daniel smiles at Mella.
“I can heal too,” she slaps her chest with a smile.
Daniel wiggles his finger at her and shakes his curls. “You will not heal. Otherwise, you will not possess enough destroyer juice to go back home down in hell.”
“What!” She gasps in shock.
“You have a set of self-preservation survival skills, Mella. I didn’t have time to instruct you properly in Earth documentation, since you were encapsulated by Joshua. I couldn’t communicate with you at any level but human. Since you are somewhat a human girl now, you can’t see my fallen angel form during your active assignment.” He nods.
“That doesn’t matter here. I can take care of myself.”
He laughs. “You do not realize how dangerous your human life is here at the moment. You lost over ninety-six percent of your destroyer powers when you fell down from the sky. And you have been zapping off more of your destroyer juice all over the place. Yes, I can and do trace your destroyer powers, Mella. Mella, if you lose all your powers and can’t return home, then you will die right here. You are not a human female but an un-natural creature. You did not belong here on the Earth plane and cannot stay here on the Earth plane. You will dissolve your body and your soul and your mind into nothingness.”
She gasps in shock, “I will die here.”
“…very fast and swift, without pain, of course,” he nods.
“I understand.” Mella nods with sadness.
Daniel smiles. “Good! I am glad that we have cleared that matter up, Mella,” he turns and smiles at Drake, “Now it is back to business …”
“I’m not doing business with you, evil father.” Drake sneers.
“You don’t have a choice, human boy. I am your dad. Now, I’m going to kill you. Then, I’m going to get all of my riches back, re-marry a pretty earth woman, produce an heir, and live happily after ever right here on Planet Earth.” He smiles.
“I’ll going to stop your dreams, Dad.”
“Look at the bright side, son! You are about to go into a really nice place with the other goody-goody angels that I do not really care about.” He laughs.
“No! I am not going anywhere, today, Dad.” Drake sneers.
He exhales with annoyance. “You are smart and arrogant ...”
“Qualities that I had inherited from you! Thanks for the assist, Dad!” Drake laughs.
Daniel spins around and moves ahead back towards the side wall, staring at his briefcase inside the wall corner and stops. He kneels down and opens the lip, reaching inside with one hand, pulling out eighteen inches of a golden gleaming curved saber. He smiles down at the weapon and slowly stands upright from the floor, spinning around, holding it with a two-fisted grip. He admires his face in the clear reflective metal.
Mella swiftly charges at Daniel and sneers in angry.
He looks up and twists his body sideways, lifting his open palm near his sneer and aims it at Mella. “No, Mella! You are not to fight or get injured. You are too value to me.”
“I’m not your pawn.” She races ahead at Daniel.
“You will obey me!” Daniel waves his hand and shoves his air currents at her.
Mella halts in the air and then quickly tumbles backwards, hitting the chair, landing on her back spine. She gasps for air and puffs musically. “Pfft!”
Daniel turns and sneers at Drake, charging ahead in fury, lifting the saber over his hair roots.
Drake stand his ground and leans down, grabbing his metal chair, readying for ultimate short and swift battle. He isn’t giving up hope, until he is no longer breathing while feeling sorrow for destroyer angel Mella. His mind skates with an emotional pulse of fear, sorrow, sadness, and frustration and as his heart pumps blood with survival from his evil dad, his evil angel, and that evil Satan. Mella is an innocent victim here after listening to Daniel’s detailed explanation.
Drake blocks the forward swing from the flying saber with his folded chair while rattling every bone in his fingers from an intense collision concluding a defensive linemen can hit harder than this. He laughs with nervous energy and his victory excitement.
Daniel exhales with defeat and lifts up the blade, striking a sloppy parry into the homemade body shield in front of Drake. The chair and his weak muscles quiver from his poor thrust. Daniel back pedals from Drake and sneers at his son with fury.
Drake rights the chair upright and holds the object over his hair roots, slamming the flattened object down at the collar bone on Daniel. The saber quickly drop down to the floor and lands with a loud clank.
Daniel stands in shock and stumbles backwards, hitting the wall with a dull thump, sliding down the yellow tinted paint and lands down on the hard cold floor. He wears a busted lips, a bloody earlobe, and broken nose bridge.
Drake guards his own body with the folded chair like a body shield for the next surprise strike from his father, staring at Daniel. Daniel is not wearing the proper warrior armor for a swift warrior fight along with a set of talented warrior skill in the battle. The elderly man is too soft, old and fat. The old fallen angel has acquired material wealth over many centuries here on Planet Earth. But his father had always taught Drake to delegate the duties, the tasks, and the responsibilities to others, since his father had always been the commander and not the commanded. Since the one commander might get killed or captured without his proper body guards or his loyal guardians to protect their one and only leader.
Drakes snorts and studies his father.
Daniel measures in height at five feet and nine inches when he is compared to his son at six feet and six inches. His father weighs 230 pounds of bloated fat and soft tissues when he is compared 224 pounds of steel and taunt muscles on his son. Daniel wears a tailor-made designer dark blue business suit which is the social status of a billionaire when he is compared to a tee shirt and a pair of blue jeans which is the real status of a Bama redneck.
In the wall corner on the other side of the room, Daniel breathes hard from his busted lips, visually sweating out raindrops of wet perspiration from his forehead, coughing out loud from his injured pair of lungs like an ancient old man, not a fallen angel.
Drake turns and views Mella. Mella is the weak link for his father. She is a destroyer angel who had been sent down to convert Drake to the evil side. Drake chuckles. His friend  Josh had used a simple Latin incantation and then conjured up an evil angel before his dad. Daniel isn’t smart enough here while allowing his enemy to capture the prize using the young girl to do an old man’s job.
Daniel had tried to use his fallen angel supernatural powers on Drake but he was too old. Daniel tried to hire an assassin to murder Drake but both the men were too dumb. Then Daniel had tried to divide Drake in half with the heavy saber, but he was too weak.
“Yeah, dad!” Drake nods with a whisper.
Daniel is trying to protect Mella from his uncontrolled fallen angel magic and shielding her from Drake's harm. She must finish up all of his evil bidding.
Then Daniel reveals yet another key factor before Drake. A destroyer angel is trained to act like a human and then to destroy the human. So Mella is the one that needs to be destroyed, not his father Daniel, since Daniel is an ancient demon and reports to his boss Satan. If Drake becomes free, then Daniel will become punished as each evil being likes to punish their own.
Drake rushes to Mella and then stops, jerking up both the metal chair and her body from the floor, pulling her into his chest, holding the chair as a body shield for the both of them. He wraps one arm around her tiny waistline, so Mella can’t move her two arms or wiggle her toe bones or spit in his face. He hears her sad sobs but does not car, sneering to his father. “Now, it is the time to negotiate, Dad.”
Daniel jerks up his double chin and views Drake, seeing Mella, sneering with worry and still sits in the wall corner, “Release her right now, Drake!”
Drake laughs. “I will kill her first, Dad!”
“No!” He holds up his palm and shakes his curls.
“Are you a betting man, Dad? I am one right now. She is in a weakened and barely moves within my arm hug, Dad.”
“Her time is drawing near, son.” He nods.
Drake frowns. “Why is her time drawing near, Dad?” But he mentally prepares for Daniel’s next surprise attack holding the metal chair before her face and his body, scanning the ceiling, then the floor, and then returns his eyeballs back to see Daniel.
He nods. “She had arrived at midnight which was seven days ago. You were there, son. Mella must return back home by midnight or …”
“Call me a limousine and some body guards that I know, then I’ll leave you and her in peaceful bliss, Daddy damnest.”
Daniel exhales with pain and re-positions his body, crawling over the floor, slowly standing upright on both kneecaps. He slowly limps ahead to his briefcase in the wall corner, bending down at his fat waist, whipping out his personal mobile telephone, pushing the single button. He listens at first and then softly mumbles this command for two seconds into the speaker phone. He drops his phone back down into his briefcase and spins around with a nod, slowly standing upright, pointing at the closed doorway inside the gymnasium setting. “Outside, they wait.”
“The limousine is on the road and the body guards are located outside at the closed door, Drake.” Mella whispers and sobs with her wet tears of sadness, staring at Daniel, enjoying the heated body of Drake for the last time, before she has to leave Planet Earth for her new home.
However, Mella doesn’t want to leave Drake or Planet Earth. This place is nice and pretty and safe and warm compared to her other home in hell, since her first home is dark, cold, and ugly. She recalls the darkness, Daniel, and her many teachers, who taught her about Drake. Now, she must return with Daniel and visit Satan. She does not remember meeting Satan before.
Drake pushes Mella from his chest and spins her around to face him, memorizing her pair of violet eyeballs, her red tinted lips, and her long black hair, dipping his skull, kissing her lips that taunts his father into a visual blood lust.
“Release her now, Drake!” Daniel growls.
Drake pulls back and winks at Mella, looking up, laughing at his father.
Mella softly whisper while the words float into Drake’s right eardrum. “Walk out the door, Drake, you’ll be safe. I promise.” She studies his strong chin, sad brown eyes, and his happy smile for the last time.
He shoves Mella from his body. She lands down on the floor. He twists around and jogs to the closed door that leads outside into the manicured yard with the evening night sky. Mella has promised to save him even though he can’t save her. Drake is only a soft flesh and liquid blood human bio-shell, not a fallen angel gritting his teeth with regret.
A group of familiar faces barge through the open archway and then halt while cocking a skull in confusion at the weird scene. Each weapon jerks up at eye level with Drake. Drake slows his pace. Then each body guard and their weapon vanishes from the gym floor in silence.
“Mella!” Daniel yells in angry at her magic trick.
“Run, Drake! Leave right now, Drake!” Mella screams in worry.
Drake pivots around and views Daniel, who slowly limps towards a weak Mella. Drake doesn’t exactly know Daniel’s angel powers but his external face carries more than a small verbal reprimand towards Mella, who is getting weaker with each passing minute as the clock counts towards midnight of a new day.
Mella must return back to her hell home at seven days from her unexpected arrival period or she will become so weak that she can never go back to her hell home, which means Daniel can’t kill her but he can really damage her fragile human girly body, before they are both returned back down to hell.
Drake races to Mella and slides down on his kneecaps covering her body, sneering at Daniel. “Back off, Daniel! I’m staying and fighting you, until Mella can transport safely back home. Because I got a good feeling here that she is more valuable to Satan than you are, Father.”
Daniel sneers. “You are quick, boy! I’ll give you that.”
“Yeah, I got my quickness from my mom, not you, Daddy-O. So hurry up and do something nasty to me, while I watch and wait for some bloody response.” Drake laughs.
“Are you disrespecting your elder, again, son?” he laughs.
“Yeah, I do it to draw your undivided attention from my frontal attack, Pops.” Drake stands and charges at Daniel, swinging the folded chair like a baseball bat, connecting to Daniel’s face and three ribs in one fluid sweep.
Daniel tumbles backwards with a loud sissy scream and lands flat on his back spine, rolling to his side, spitting out tons of red tinted blood from his busted lips, feeling a string of wet blood drip down from each nose hole, both lips, and the other ear canal. He exhales with defeat, “Pfft!”
“Yeah, he bleeds too.” Drake laughs at his old man with revenge and vengeance.
Mella continues to rest on top of the cold gym floor for safety and shouts out loud to Drake, laughing with her own set of revenge and vengeance feelings, too, “Yes and more, go 
and whack him, again, Drake.”
“Yeah, I will.” Drake races ahead and closes the gap, lifting the folded metal chair over his hair, sneering at Daniel. He plans to knock the fallen angel into an unconsciousness state, then contact the local police, and get Daniel arrested for an attempted murder charge on his favorite son. Or Drake plans to hold Daniel, until another fallen angel shows up and take Daniel, if that works among the fallen angels and demons.
Daniel halts and stands in front of a folded and bloody and defeated father, exhaling with relief, dropping the chair to the side with a loud boom. He studies the flowing red blood, the loud wheezing sound coming from the old and ancient fallen angel that is still his biological father. “He’s unconscious and harmless now.”
She slowly stands upright from the floor with a giggle and swiftly dances ahead towards the grounded saber with a sneer, lifting it up from the floor, quickly moving ahead to Drake with a grin. “This weapon is called the Sword of Beelzebub.” She stops and bows down at the back spine on Drake, presenting the saber to his body with honor and the final kill death.
Drake spins around with a gasp and touches the saber, examining golden blade which is attached to a row of shiny gem stones of rubies, emeralds, and sapphires in the hand hilt. “Will this work?”
“Better than the folding chair,” she stands upright with a giggle and winks at him.
Daniel moans in pain inside the wall corner.
Drake takes the saber and spins around with a sneer, views Daniel, waving her body away from his weapon range. He lifts the saber with his double-fisted gripe over his hair roots and slowly struts ahead to Daniel, exhaling with angry and then halts in silence. He studies Daniel.
“Drake, go on and do it!” Mella yells with angry and fury and revenge.
“I… I…can’t do it.” He squats down and drops the saber from his hands which lands down on the floor with a loud clank, staring at his elderly father, shaking his bone skull. “Mella, I can’t do it. My father is still soft flesh and liquid blood and part of my blood like I am part of his blood.”
She dashes to Drake, stops with a gasp, and stares down at Daniel with a stern face. “You are a good soul, Drake. Daniel is not a good soul. There will be more battles with your father, if he is alive, Drake. I’m sorry to advise this. The cycle of good versus bad never ends. It only continues until…”
“No!”  He spins around and hugs Mella with love and worry regarding his evil father and the evil doings of a future that he does not know or feel. “We can move away from Birmingham and live on one of the lush Caribbean islands in the bright sunlight and waves of ocean water, just me and you.”
She slides down from his hug and then drops down to the tile, bending over, hugging her abdomen and coughs out loud.
He drops down with worry and hugs her folded body with fear. “What’s wrong? Are you hurt? Did Daniel hurt you? We can leave and go to the hospital. You never a physician…”
She sobs with sad tears and continues to face the floor with a meek voice. “I am fading. My angel energy is for me from the other side. It is waiting for me and calling me to come back down to hell, my real home.” She bends down and kisses the tile in pain, coughing out loud for oxygen molecules from her dying body.
He gasps in worry. “Why are you fading to the other side?”
“I mentioned before that I am here on Planet Earth for only seven days ago and I can’t stay. I’m not allowed to stay on Planet Earth. I must leave from Planet Earth. This is the destroyer angel procedure. I vanish into thin air but I go back down to my home, not your home, Drake.” She sobs with hot tears of sadness and continues to kiss the floor in pain and her slow death.
“What about us, Mella?” He gasps in shock.
“There is no us, Drake. I am a destroyer angel.”
“You are assigned to me based on Daniel’s explanation.”
“Daniel did assign me to you back then. Now, Daniel is…”
“… not dead. I saw his chest which inhales and exhales in shallow breathes of air.”
“You’re right. He’s not dead yet. He and Satan will not bow well, this evening.”
He smiles. “Well, they will have a good time with the reckoning party. I reckon,” laughing.
“What is a reckoning party, Drake?” She looks up and frowns at him, crying out in pain, dropping her face back down on the cool floor.
On the side wall, his two eyelids pop open and stares at the young couple in love. Daniel unfolds his body with a soft grunt and then swiftly leaps up from the cold hard gym floor and hovers in the air, extending an arm from his healed demon body, calling out with his demon telekinesis the Saber of Beelzebub. The saber quickly lifts up and soars through the air currents in silence, rapidly landing down toward the cold hard gym floor, slicing through the rear ankle bone at the soft flesh and hard bone on Drake.
Drake screams in pain and then tumbles to the side while swiftly blooding out in a death kill by his deceptive and evil father.
In the air waves, Daniel slowly drops down with a laugh and lands down on the hard cold floor while enjoying his eternal victory over his dying son.
Drake mumbles his last words as his ripped ankle bone stands in place. His amputated leg with the missing ankle bone pours out tons of sparkling red tinted blood proteins and then floods the cold hard gymnasium floor. The rest of his folded body lies in stillness as his mind shut down into darkness. But his soul wanders down a path of bright blinding light.
On top of the floor, Mella looks up with a gasp and does not move from her dying state as well, but screams out loud in fear and worry. “Petunia, get down here right now and help Drake.” She slowly stands upright from the floor with a heavy grunt of pain and slowly tosses back her skull  viewing the ceiling that represents the location of heaven.
On top of the floor, Daniel continues to stand and laughs at his employee a dying destroyer angel Mella. “You are fighting for the wrong side, darling.” He pops out a pair of twenty-one feet of dirty, dark, dull gray-colored fallen angel wings from the lack of usage and personal cleaning, since a pair of wings on an earth bird or a demon beast or a heavenly angel need tender love care and care, not abuse. He charges at Mella and waves his hand, communicating to the Sword of Beelzebub. The saber hears the telepathic words from the faithful demon servant and swiftly lifts up, flying ahead, landing in his open palm. He closes his hand and whips the blade through the air, growling at his new mischievous employee.
Mella stands upright in place and sneers at her old employer, waving both hands and materializes her own defense weapon, a silver tinted Sword of Mammon from heaven, not hell. She holds the new sword with her two-fisted gripe and sneers while protecting her person and a dying human Drake, racing ahead towards Daniel.
Daniel whips the blade low at her two legs as Mella leaps into the air and then turns upside down, facing the floor, slamming her blade high at his gold as both the colors prettily flash and the earth minerals beautifully sing in an low alto tone.
Mella twists her blade sideways and forces both their sharp tips downward almost touching the hard tile while sneering at Daniel. She spins her body upright with a giggle and releases his blade, flying upwards in the air, hovering in place. She inflates a pair of twenty feet, red tinted destroyer angel wings, smiling with a wicked grin.
His skull looks up and follow her magnificent angel-leap in the air and as his mouth drops open with alarm. Daniel swiftly back steps with a gasp from an array of falling particles coming from her stinky, smelly sulfur acidic filled angel wings which are composed of part oxygen and part hydrogen and then halts, shouting out loud in shock. “You…you have a pair of angel wings.”
She continues to hover and swishes on wing at a time staying air-borne, giggling with a wink down at her boss Daniel, “Yeah, a destroyer angel comes with a complete set, including a pair of wings and a set of fangs that really bite.” She opens her mouth which is fills with two sets of protruding small sharp two-inched white tinted canine teeth. “And my angel equipment really works too. I can fly around the air current with my true pair of wings. You should have read the manual, pal.” She giggles with a musically tone and swiftly lifts up both of her arms with the sword over her hair roots, swishing gracefully one wing, flying up towards the ceiling rafters and then hovers there in place like a heavenly angel. She giggles with a musical tone down at Daniel.
On the floor, he stares in shock at her angel moves. “I...I did not know. I did not read the instruction manual. He did not tell me about your awesome angel talents,” He laughs with a wicked grin. “But, now, I do know. Now, I do see. Now, I can rule everything, since my son is gone. I have all of my material possessions back in my small demon hands,” laughing.
On top of the ceiling rafters, Mella hears his nasty words and then stops her giggle, frowning down at Daniel. She hits the ceiling on purpose with the wing top and then laughs out loud for fun, bouncing back down towards the air waves, shouting out loud to Daniel. “I can hover or glide or soar like a bird, Daniel. Do you see me up here?” She halts in the center of the room and hovers in the cold air, shuffling both of her arms down her side, sucking her red tinted wings back down into her back spine in the format of a pinky finger on her hand, laughing out loud. “And I can kill.”
She rapidly plummets down from the air, towards the floor and stops six feet inches from the tile and four inches from his nose bridge, inflating both of her wings in the air, swiftly enfolds her wings around Daniel and his ugly dull gray tinted fallen angel feathers. She taps the arch of her wing down at the tip of his wing matching her feather with his feather, feeling the Saber of Beelzebub and the Sword of Mammon disappear from each cupped hand as she forms a warm cocoon.
Inside the trapped cocoon from her wings, he gasps in worry, “No, Mella.”
She smiles. “I do believe this is a magical magnetic moment. Didn’t you remember the term and the motion, boss?”
“A magnetic moment is supposed to be a loving touch from one angel to another.”
She sneers with ice, “In this case, I love you to death, master.” She possesses a talent equal to ancient fallen angel Daniel, who huddles with a nasty cuddle inside her pair of twenty feet high, blood red colored wings, wiggling her soft feathers around his fat tummy and expensive gray tinted business suit. She slowly is cocooning Daniel permanently within her sweet loving embrace.
“No, Mella!” Daniel really starts to sweat to death in fear and worry.
She continues to slowly curve each one of her vertical wings while gathering and then shifts the air currents within the room, surrounding Daniel, creating a tight enclosed concave formation blazing in the colors of bright red and darker gray. The common and known angel maneuver sucks up the breathing air in the room like a household vacuum cleaner which draws Daniel closer to her body and her curved wings as the swirling forced air continues to whip around his body like a mouse is trapped in the wall corner by the angry cat.
“No, Mella!” He gasps in fear.
The outer tissue is called skin on a human; the outer skin underneath the feathered wings on an angel comprises a different composite and purpose. A pair of angel wings protect their flesh and blood body against pathogens and water loss and it functions with insulation, temperature regulation, sensation, and ultimately as a deadly weapon. A pair of angel wings is composed of a series of multiple layers with ecto-dermal tissue and a set of strong muscles that does not break their fragile bones, leg and arm ligaments, and all the internal organs unlike that on a delicate and precious structure on a human.
The exterior display of fluffy, soft angel feathers serve in warmth, insulation, beauty, and as a magnet towards other soft, fluffy angel feathers. Her two vertical wings touch each one of his wings creating a dull burnt orange hue within the magnetic moment encompassing both space and time on top of the hard, cold gymnasium floor at the Hatem Manor.
In field of Earth science for a human, a magnet is a force that pulls all the ferromagnetic materials into an electron shell which attracts or repels other magnets. In an ordinary ferromagnetic material, the tiny magnets are scattered all over the place and their magnetic fields cancel each other out, thus no magnetism.
Within a pair of angel wings, the north arch on high wing is attracted down to the southern wingtip on the lower wing which creates an electrified balance that is called the magnetic flux. The in-between invisible space becomes an electron shell in organized atoms of tiny ferromagnetic particles. The tiny ferromagnetic particles are composed of lead, zinc, copper, brass, nickel, iron, aluminum, and other earth metals floating around the air waves and invisible to the pair of human eyeballs. the tiny ferromagnetic particles are scattered inside the transparent space in-between the space of each angel wing also. When the tiny ferromagnetic particles de-magnetizes and then loses their individual properties, the angel field violently or slowly collides into a stronger electromagnetic shell which is not commonly used as a deadly weapon, but a circular cocoon of sweet embrace.
Mella gathers an electron shell and surrounds his upright body forming a protective burnt orange colored magnet cocoon as she snarls and spits her wet saliva into his worried face. “There is no escape, now, from me, Daniel.”
“Mella.” Daniel softly whispers and gasps in breathes of fear.
The first tap of his wing tip on her opposite wing tip quickly produces streams of heated acid in yellow sulfur that ejects out and coats her pink tinted tongue, burning her internal mouth and teeth, but she does not release Daniel ever from her cocoon. Her internal body organs stings within and then releases, spraying out numerous strands of yellow tinted sulfur acid over his encased body parts, which is a common component coming from the internal organs on a demon.
Mella fights against his fat and natural manly muscle strength, increasing both his and her fleshy body in heat and high fever. Her destroyer angel form quickly absorbs all the deadly yellow acids and the stinky green fluids coming from his heated body, closing her two eyelashes, squashes her intense pain. She mentally embraces her sweet teenly love for Drake within her mind, her heart, and her soul, reaching down into the emotional depths of her body, pulling out her evil feelings, growing her angel strength.
“Die, Daniel, die!” She sneers in true hatred.
A set of yellow sulfur acids exists within her destroyer angel DNA atoms which stings her two eyeballs, blackening both of her wing tips, consuming all of red tinted soft fluffy feathers one-at-a-time in a series of free falling tiny red fiery ashes. The acid burns the pale skin off her pretty face and produces a high fever inside her body that smokes each one of her inner organs, but Daniel is experiencing the same visual, mental, physical, and emotional effect coming from her awesome magnetic flux.
Then, Daniel stops the struggle and breathes his last low moan inside her deadly cocoon allowing a blanket of maroon colored fever heat to cover his upright body like a bed of thorny stemmed roses.
“Bye, Daniel!” She laughs out loud with her final revenge and hatred for her employer.
Mella swiftly jerks away both of her red tinted and burnt wings apart and needs to seriously fumigate the foul Daniel stench from her black tinted dead angel feathers, then her burnt body, and finally her sharp mind. The toasted, roasted, and burnt black tinted upright body on Daniel quietly tumbles downward and lands on top of the dirty tile floor, splitting the flesh and the bones in a vertical and then a horizontal direction in disgust.
She sneers and then spits down on one of the burnt sections of crumbled flesh, exhaling with victory, spinning around with a gasp. She rushes to Drake and slides down over the bloody floor, stopping beside his folded body and reaches out, pulling his body into her lap. She smiles down at his handsome face and wipes the blood from his wet cheekbone, sobbing with sad tears. “Drake.” Drake appears like a peaceful sleeping child within her two arms.
She unsuccessfully wills him to awaken and desiring stupidly to hear one of his lousy teenly jokes, his precious laughter, feel his soft lips, and touch his steel bicep one more time. She sobs with sorrow and product a row of wet, heated tears that sting her raw burnt facial flesh as each tears drops down and lands on his bloody handsome face.
“He can’t hear or see you, Mella.” Petunia smiles and sings with her musical soprano, slowly strolling from the side wall in an ankle-length robe of white silk with a three foot dress train that covers her petite, queen-sized angel body. She passes the rows of hand weights on the long wall and scans the human gymnasium, admiring the new Earth stage, only temporarily this round.
Mella continues to hug Drake with love and worry. “Why didn’t you come, when I had called you before, Petunia?”
“You are not Drake.” She stops and stands over a ground human and a sitting Mella, staring down with a smile at a dying Drake.
“He needed you.”
“Drake didn’t ask me for my help. Alas! That is the flaw in a human. They do not know when to ask for help. Everything in their human life could be so simple and easy and love, if only a human would ask for help,” she exhales with annoyance and continues to stare down at a dying Drake.
Mella continues to sob and stares down at Drake, “But, I did …”
“And you did. But, you don’t need any kind or un-kind help, Mella. You have a set of supernatural creature powers which had been given by …”
“I know what I am, Petunia,” Mella looks up with her tears and sneers at the heavenly guardian angel. “I ask you, again. Why didn’t you come here and help Drake here on the Earth plane?”
“Rule one, a human must ask me for their help. Rule two, we do not interfere …”
“Drake was threatened with evil intent and an evil being, Petunia.” Mella sneers.
“Drake was threatened by his biological father …”
“Who is an evil powerful figure in which his weakling son do not know until …”
“Rule three, a human must learn from …”
“… their humanly mistakes. Demon poopy! You and I both know that rules.” Mella shifts an unconscious Drake gently down onto the smooth hard tile and then slowly stands upright from the floor, marching ahead and then stops a few inches from the nose bridge on Petunia. Mella growl with and then exhales with worry. “You and I also both know that rule can be bent almost into a complete, perfect circle, without ever breaking …”
“Quiet in here, Mella!” Petunia lifts a finger pad to her lips and then sneers at Mella. “I am the decision maker here, not you.”
“Yeah, what else is new?” Mella swings her body around to see Drake and moves ahead, sliding back down on the floor beside him, reaching out and gently touches his wet cheekbone. “He is dying, Petunia.”
“Yes.” She turns and scans the room again, spotting the scattered burnt body parts from a dead and destroyed fallen angel Daniel.
“You are so uncaring for a believable being.” Mella touches his wet lips.
“I care.”
Mella looks up from a dying Drake and scans the room, looking in the ceiling corner with puzzlement. “I don’t see a death angel up there.”
She looks up and smiles at the empty ceiling corners. “She is hanging around for the final breathe from the dying human. They don’t like a crowd of two or more.”
Mella looks down and sobs with tears, placing her finger on his cut bicep, healing a small patch of four pink tinted tiny cuts and then three blue tinted tiny bruises. She shifts her finger and then gasps in alarm, holding her limb over the deep wound. If she completely heals Drake back into a healthy human, then Mella will run out of her destroyer juice, since she possesses a low amount from her seven-day entrapment here on the Earth plane. If she uses up one hundred percent of her angel juice, then Mella can’t go back down home to hell and live with the other destroyer angels.
A destroyer angel is a special breed of angel that had been created by Satan and occupies the same outer space realm as a guardian angel but carries a different purpose, destroying a human soul that travels and ends their life force down in hell, instead of heaven.
She blinks off the wet tears and dries her wet face with fear. “I am so sorry, Drake.” She touches his healthy eyebrow instead. “You are going to die today, since your personalized assigned guardian angel did not …”
“Whoa the stage coach, sister! Do not diss my guardian turf here, destroyer angel.” Petunia sneers down at the black tinted hair roots on Mella.
Mella looks up and sneers at Petunia. “Petunia, you are his guardian angel. Why didn’t you guard him from his evil father Daniel and from me and from everything else that is evil on the Earth plane, yesterday and tonight, angel?”
“One, a human must ask for help. You read way too many teen novels, Mella. This is not how Angelology works, sister…”
“Stop calling me that term! I am not your sister or friend or BFF.”
Petunia stares down with a stern face at Drake. “Look! I’m not allowed to jump down and land inside the fiery frill and save the freaking day, like a Hollywood super heroine. The Hollywood movie films are fake and phony, not real and truth. I like that motto thou and might record it for future reference.” She laughs and wiggles her double chin with disgust.
“Petunia!”
“Look here! I am not allowed to interfere with a human and his or her Free Will.”
Mella nods in silence to Petunia. A guardian angel is always present near the human but is invisible within the set of human eyeballs. Mella frowns. “But you had personally eye witnessed Daniel sleeping in bed and then fighting in battle and then slicing off Drake’s human ankle.”
She smiles. “Yeah.”
“You had watched and then had done nothing to aid your ward Drake.”
She nods. “Yeah.”
“How can you call yourself a guardian angel?” Mella sneers and then looks down caressing his wet cheekbone, without using her limited amount of destroyer juice healing energy.
Petunia smiles down at the black tinted hair roots on Mella. “Yes, I had watched everything. Yes, I am his guardian angel. Yeah, I saw everything including you.”
“Me!” She looks up and gasps in shock at Petunia.
“Do I hear a mouse? Or do I hear a fat rat?” She laughs. “You are it, either way you say it or look at it, Mella. Whereas, I cannot interfere with the human Free Will of my heavenly ward, you are riding that ancient space shuttle towards the dark side of the moon, girlfriend.”
“What are you telling here, Petunia?” Mella frowns.
She slaps her chest and nods with a smile. “I am a guardian angel ...”
“… with the power to save a human, any human at anytime, Petunia.”
She jabs a plump finger at Mella and nods with a grin, “You are a destroyer angel.”
“Yes.”
“Hence, the name destroyer means destroyer of all bad things that you destroy.”
“I killed Daniel, after he had stabbed Drake. That’s what I do. Yes, I do that and more.”
“Let’s have a review lesson.” Petunia rustles ahead on her sandaled feet underneath the long silk white robe and nods with a stern face at Mella.
“What!”
Petunia stops and stands a few feet from a grounded Drake and a sitting Mella, touching her double chin, nodding with a smile. “Let us think backwards for a moment of the past seven days, Mella. You had taught Drake to lie.”
“What lie?”
Petunia smiles. “Mella Hale. Now, that was clever thought I must admit.”
“Thanks.” Mella smiles.
“That is not a compliment, doll. And then Mella Hale hails from the country of Alaska.”
“The land of Alaska is the 49th state in the USA.” Mella nods. “That is not a lie.”
“Drake told the lie, honey. So, I correct your false words. Mella had attained twelfth grade status at the local high school for the human teens. Come on, dearie!”
“I needed a slick cover to work as a high schooler.”
Petunia laughs with a nod. “Cover up! Yeah, you did it. And you got it, too! Now, Drake has landed down on the naughty list.”
Mella gently released Drake and sits upright on her kneecaps, sneering at Petunia, “I tire of your riddles, Petunia.”
“Seven days ago, Drake had a spotless record on his angel card.
Mella looks down at Drake and returns her eyeballs back to Petunia, growling with fury. “What in heaven's name does that mean for Drake, Petunia? What is going on down here?”
She exhales with boredom. “You know for a destroyer angel, you are really dense here, sister …”
“We ain’t a pair of sisters, babe. We exist on the opposite side of the ether plane. Do you get it now! We do not share this room space, but the plane which is like a celestial plane.”
“Yeah, I got it, non-sister. Well, I get this announcement also for the opposite nasty angel of my heavenly person. It means human Drake is going straight down and will exist there in hell, when he stops breathing out his last breathe in-between your two arms, inside this room setting, right here, today, in a few more minutes, like soonest.”
“No, way!” Mella gasps in horror.
“Yes, way!” Petunia laughs with delight and will become assigned to a newborn infant in a few more seconds like heaven has planned.
She sneers at the guardian angel, “You save Drake, right now. You are his personally assigned guardian angel that is what you are personal assigned by Almighty God to do, Petunia.”
Petunia exhales with annoyance and looks down at her manicured hand. “I am too late. You are too late, also. You have condemned Drake to hell as he had executed each one of your evil deeds as a big bad destroyer angel. So, you have fulfilled your destroyer angel purpose which was all set up by your employer fallen angel Daniel.”
Mella tosses both of her palms in the air, wiggling her hands and her curls, shouting out loud with worry. “No. No. No. I failed here, not Drake.”
She stomps her sandal and nods with a smile, “Stopping repeating that word! The new word is yes or yeah or yip or uh huh or right on...”
“Then I’ll take you with him.” Mella leaps up from the floor and hovers in the air, exploding out her pair of burnt and blackened angel wings that do not extend to twenty feet. Each one of the dead and burnt damaged black tinted feather swiftly drops off and then slowly descends down onto the hard cold gymnasium floor without dissolving. She continues to hover and swishes on wing, raising three inches in the air, wiggling her hand. She produces the Sword of Mammon that comes from heaven and sneers down at Petunia. “En guard, angel!”
On top of the hard cold floor, Petunia stands in place and in peace, still examining her set of nicely trimmed finger nails. “Your destroyer juice is almost gone from your body, Mella. You couldn’t smash a pair of butterfly wings into a powder of fine yellow dust.” She lifts up her double chin as they wiggle sideways, smiling at an air-born and angry Mella. “We both know your destroyer powers are already on the other side just waiting for your physical body to arrive for your healing and recovery.” She looks down and frowns at a dying Drake. “Alas! That is a supernatural healing that poor dying Drake can’t do to save his own fragile human body. That is a human flaw that our Maker should fix, some day.”
“You’re so evil, Petunia.” Mella continues to hover in the air and growls down at the red tinted hair roots on Petunia, slowly dropping down, landing beside Drake. She kneels and reaches out, gently touching his wet face as the Sword of Mammon disappears from her free hand.
Petunia continues to stand and sneers down at the black tinted hair roots on Mella. “I am the decision maker here. How many times do I remind you of my duty, not your duty?”
“One more time …”
She frowns. “You are so stubborn and stupid and selfish but those infantile characteristics come with your impetuous youth and inexperience as a so-called newbie angel.”
Mella shakes her curls and stares down with puzzlement at Drake. “What are you trying not to say to me, Petunia? I simply don’t understand your convoluted angelic statements.”
She jabs a finger at Petunia and laughs out loud. “You can save Drake, if you won’t so selfish, Mella.”
Mella looks up and gasps in alarm. “What! I can save Drake. How can I save Drake?”
She crosses her arms over her fat stomach and nods with a grin, “You have enough destroyer juice to save his human life, until that death thing rolls around again in about seventy years or so. The next time this is out of my holy hands.”
“I do.” Mella gasps in shock.
“You do.”
“If I …”
“…. use up your remaining destroyer juice on a dying human Drake, then you become…”
“I don’t understand.” Mella frowns.
“You are an angel, if I dare use that precious heavenly term,” she sneers and then smiles. “Your angel powers can be shared or given away to another creature, as set by a different rule.”
Mella frowns. “I can give away my angel powers to another like a human or another angel. This is not one of the numerous angel rules that I had learned during my destroyer classes in hell.”
She tosses her bone skull backwards and laughs out loud, viewing the ceiling, dropping down her face and winks at Mella. “Dare you say more of your origins! You can relinquish your destroyer juice, if you desire to help a human, like Drake. And, may I add, you are the dumbest destroyer angel here on Planet Earth.”
“He’s dying.” Mella burst into tears of sorrow and looks down at Drake.
She nods. “This is a true fact. But your last bit of destroyer juice will fix it up, like the local people say here, all the time. You can reconnect his missing ankle bone back onto his bloody and damaged body. Then, human Drake will become completely intact and a handsome healthy teenager again, while you become simply …”
“… nothingness ...”
“Well, the nothingness state does not require rest or recovery or re-assignment …”
“Nothingness!” Mella whispers down at Drake and looks up, turning to view a dead Daniel in scattered pieces of burnt black tinted colored limps of old human flesh. Then Mella starts to slowly phrase in and then out. Eventually, her body will fade out and return back down into the hell, where she will face her new boss Satan. The nothingness of Daniel is his failure for pissing off his destroyer angel that had purposefully floated down on the Earth plane for a simple destroyer job.
Petunia waves her plump hand and materializes a clock with a single blue tinted number displaying the number thirteen. “You have thirteen seconds, before your body returns back down to your place of hell, Mella.”
“Thirteen seconds for what?” Mella turns and views Petunia, seeing the working clock face that counts backwards, showing the number twelve.
“The clock reads the eleven seconds now.”
“I…”
“You have ten seconds now, Mella.”
“I…”
“You are the destroyer of everything, yeah,” Petunia nods with a smile. Mella would fail her job and her humanity, but Petunia's angel supervisor had insisted upon this silly drama down here on the Earth plane as the other heavenly angels above watch the horror.
“I…”
“You have three seconds left on the clock, Mella.”
Mella gasps in shock and spins around, reaching down, slapping both of her open palms over his damaged heart which is the organ of life, closing her two eyelashes. The last of her destroyer juice quickly flows from her body and down into his injured body while making Drake glows in a bright purple tint coming from his hair roots down towards his naked toe bones. Mella completely empties out her destroyer angel existence over Drake, on top of the floor, and in the air currents, screaming out in pain and suffering.
She collapses her torso over his naked chest, whispering with her last ounce of strength the last heart-felt emotion in three American words. “I love you, Drake.” She lifts up and lightly kisses his soft lips and her body vanishes from his chest and exists in nothingness.
One week and one day later…


Saturday, November 16th
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of dull sunshine

House property of seventeen year old Drake Hatem
Kitchen breakfast setting
08:08 am


Ash, Josh, and Drake, they sit around the wooden breakfast table and wear a pair of faded blue jeans and a colored short-sleeved tee shirt in a pair of naked feet while enjoying the hot breakfast meal.
“I want some bacon strips.” Ash points with a frown down at the tiny empty spot on his full plate of breakfast items, sitting in the side chair around the kitchen nook.
“You’re a garbage disposal, Ash! Eat the pan-fried hog sausage.” Josh reaches down and covers his food plate with the rest of the crispy hog bacon strips, which are the last ones that Drake had cooked.
“It gives me gas.” Ash reaches out and slaps the hand on Josh, where the rest of the bacon slices are hidden.
Josh slips both of his hands at the edge of his plate and slides his food toward the opposite side and away from the long fingers on Ash, sneering at his friend. “Then, go and eat the steak, man!”
“I want the bacon.”
Josh folds the three bacon strips and shoves the meat down his esophagus, chewing the food, quickly swallowing a massive lump down his throat. He coughs out loud. Drake laughs as Ash frowns. Josh continues to cough out loud and clutches his throat with his food suffocation.
Drake reaches over and cuddles the pitcher of orange juice into his chest. “Hmm! Do you need some smooth flowing running orange juice to wash down the last bacon strip, Josh, before your choke and then die?”
Ash swiftly stands and drops the cloth napkin down on the floor, leaning over, grabbing the heavy pitcher of juice from the chest on Drake. He stands upright and frowns down at his friend. “No lifting heavy objects.”
“It’s only a pitcher of orange juice, Ash.” Drake looks up and frowns at Ash.
“You heard the doctor’s medical orders. You must obey them, bro.” Ash holds the heavy glass pitch of juice in the air and leans down, pouring out a glass of juice for Josh, then a separate glass for Drake, placing the heavy pitch by his food plate, sitting back down. He dives down into his plate of food and chews the breakfast items with a slight smile of good manners.
Josh reaches out and snatches up the glass, pouring the juice down his open mouth, gurgling with the fresh liquid, clearing his throat and sometimes re-chews tiny particles of the three chewed bacon strips. He exhales with sour breath and smiles at Ash. “Thanks, righteous dude! You saved my life. I was almost dead there for a second.” He laughs and then coughs out loud, tasting more of loose bacon particles on his tongue and in his throat.
Ash lifts up his glass of orange juice and smiles. “A teen has gotta eat, sleep, and shit out your only rules, man.” He gently taps the glass with Drake's as Josh continues to cough and tastes more of the loose bacon parts.
“I only got anemia. I am not having a baby.” Drake bites into the scrambled eggs.
“What! Do you really wanna have a baby, Drake?” Josh laughs and then coughs out loud tasting more of the loose bacon particles on his tongue coming up from his tight esophagus.
“No, Josh.” He frowns.
“Okay. I am just making sure, since you caught that anemia.” Josh coughs out loud and continues to taste the loose strands of bacon pieces from his throat, drinking more juice, cleaning his tongue and throat.
Drake nods with a smile and lifts up a fork of food. “I’ll been a good boy. I have been eating, sleeping, and defecating on a regular basis. Are we clear and okay with my healthy medical condition now? Anemia is only a temporary clinical condition per my personal physician, who I saw yesterday morning.”
“Until, you get your mind back.” Josh gurgles out loud, instead of chuckles, coughing out loud, tasting more loose bacon pieces on his tongue, coming up from his tight throat. He drinks and finishes the large of glass of juice. Ash slides the heavy pitcher over to Josh with laughter.
“I’m only missing the few moments of the car accident and beyond.” Drake spoons up the oatmeal and eats the steamy food.
Ash shakes his brown colored skull with a stern face. “Unbelievable! You set out for the local hospital, after that sneaky quarterback hit by that defensive end last Friday night and rode inside a perfectly safe great big new bright red colored medical ambulance with a set of screaming loud bells and louder whistles and a rooftop of flashing blue lights, when that thing smacked literally into a bigger and newer red tinted fireman truck. You are the luckiest son of guy here on Planet Earth, Drake.” He continues to shake his bone skull. “Then you awaken inside your hospital bed in tons of bloody bandages from your skull down to your naked feet and do not remember that defensive end hit or that regular seasoned football game or that car wreck or that entire night but you had slept like a baby for the past seven days and nights.” He stops the head shake and crams a forkful of scrambled eggs into his mouth.
“We won the football homecoming game without you and your quarterback skill, man. I guess you’re no longer the star quarterback.” Josh laughs and then eats, coughing up the loose bacon partials over his plate, reaching out for the pitcher of juice again.
“Drake is the star. Hank is still backup quarterback for next few playoff football games. He hiked the ball from the center football player and passed the ball to the running back, who ran over the grass and the lousy line of defensive players right into the goal post for an easy touchdown. He didn’t pass or throw or even call out the game plays. I did that for Hank.” Ash laughs and then swallows the juice, opening his lips, burping out loud for fun.
“Then I vote that Ash should be star quarterback on the Homewood football team.” Drake winks to Josh. Josh slightly laughs and then violently coughs up more loose bacon parts on his tongue coming from his tight throat. He drinks more of the juice. 
“And we all missed the homecoming dance. But all of your devoted friends were there sleeping inside hospital lobby floor while waiting to see you healthy and awake, Drake.” Ash reaches over and nods with a smile to Drake.
“The emergency room physician told me that the deadly wreck involving me, that fire truck, and the sports car were smashed up like a train set off the train tracks. But I do not remember any of these event. I cannot retrieve a single colorful blimp of my memory out from my brain cells. The physician said that my memory held too much dramatic and painful memories. My short-term memories are lost and gone forever on that Friday night before the end of the football game.” Drake exhales with frustration and taps the glass of juice.
“I’m happy for you. I am glad you don’t remember that nasty car wreck, Drake. I saw it and I still remember it, man,” Ash scoops more eggs.
“Myra tells me the same thing.” Drake sips the juice.
“Look buddy! No bad memories should exist for any reason including this one.” Ash nods.
“Yeah.” Drake nods.
Josh nod. “In that private room and inside that luxurious hospital bed for the past seven days and nights, you were sleeping like a baby boy and shitting down inside that tiny tube. What did it feel like going to shit a turd down inside a little tiny tube, Drake?” He laughs and coughs out loud, reaching the glass, drinking the juice.
“No defecating talk at the breakfast table, Josh!” Ash frowns.
“Okay.” Josh reaches out and pours more juice into his empty glass.
Ash looks down and scans the breakfast table with a frown. “Something is missing here. What is missing here?”
“Lissa.” Josh chews the food.
Drake exhales with disappointment. “Lissa and I are …”
“... done ...” Ash nods.
“You are done with Lissa, Wissa, for good and foreverly.” Josh nods and chuckles, coughing out loud, reaching for more juice.
Drake nods. “I like rough but a face slap does not count.” He recalled a mental picture where Lissa reached back with her manicured hand of long red tinted nails and then pitched her hand forward, slapping his naked face, because he had assisted a fallen girl inside the school hallway. Then both of their nose bridges had accidentally touched and as they both laughed off the silly incident.
Ash smiles. “Good for you, man! Stand up for your rights as …”
“Rights as a what, Ash?” Josh frowns.
“Rights as a teen male, Josh.” Ash nods. “An almost extinct and especially guarded species here on Planet Earth,” he chuckles with Drake.
“Whatever.” Josh eats the toast and chews with his lips parted as usual.
Ash swallows the lump of food and scans the table. “I ask again. There is something else missing. What is missing here?”
Josh points at his temple with laughter. “Drake’s memory is missing. It ran away from him. Don’t you remember, Drake? Shush, Ash! Don’t remind him!” He coughs out loud and then sips the juice.
“Drake, I had met your father briefly inside the football locker room that Friday football night and shook his hand. I am kinda happy and sad that he had came to our regular football game. How is the other part of your short memory doing, Drake?” Ash stares with worry at Drake.
“So-so.” Drake shrugs his shoulder and eats the food.
“I cannot believe you and you alone had survived that terrible ambulance and fire truck wreck, last Friday, right before midnight at 11:30 pm. I am sorry about your dad, who had died inside his sports car.” Josh drops his eyeballs and stares down at the bowl of oatmeal.
“Thanks, Josh.” Drake exhales with sorrow.
“Do you miss your dad, Drake?” Ash nods.
Drake looks up and stares through the patio door, exhaling with sadness. “My dad and I were. He was my dad. My dad wasn’t around much during my childhood days and throughout my teenage years either. So I do not miss him, like I am supposed to miss a father. But I miss my mom tons more.”
“So, you own everything around here.” Josh nods.
“Yeah, I am a teen billionaire and more,” Drake nods.
“You’re only a teen. Who is your adult guardian now?” Ash inquires.
Josh smiles. “Get real! Drake has a heavenly guardian angel like it is stated in the Good Book, who watches, waits, and hovers over his black tinted hair roots, especially after that massive three-car wreck, in which, he alone was the only surviving soul among the ambulance and fire trunk personnel. Woo! God blessed you good, Drake.” He dives down and eats the food.
Drake smiles. “Myra has offered to adopt me as her son for the next few more months, until I’m official of legal age at eighteen years old. Then I can quit the school, the books, and the teachers.”
“Quit our school! Why would you wanna do that?” Ash frowns.
Drake taunts. “I recited a poor teenly joke, Ash.”
“Well, Myra is a good person and will protect your person from the boogie man, who hides inside your big, sissy walk-in closet.” Ash chuckles.
“Naw, dude! Drake has a guardian angel that protects him at all times.” Josh smiles.
“Stop with the angel stuff. I’m tired of your silly Latin incantations, Josh.” Ash reprimands.
Josh grins. “Hey! That silly Latin incantation had awakened Drake out of his coma. Eat that, Ash!”
“For two point four seconds, then he vomited up his green colored puke over his naked arm, his clean hospital gown, and his ugly medical nurse while growling like a hunger bear and then he went back to sleep for four hours. It was only luck that Josh were standing on the other side of the hospital bed, man. Get it right!” Ash chuckles.
“Naw!” Josh shakes his buzz cut with a sour frown.
Drake frowns. “What silly Latin incantation did Josh quote over my unconscious body and my clean hospital gown?” He laughs with Ash.
Ash smiles. “Josh had read some hokey, pokey string of vocal Latin words over your unconscious and not dying body at bedside on last Friday night, after the three-car wrecks. He, now, claims your soul or some stupid nonsense like that.”
Josh shakes his buzz cut sideways. “No! That ain't right, Ash. Man, you get everything wrong. I don’t claim your soul, Drake. A vampires does; I’m not a vampire, Ash.”
“You’re definitely something, already, Josh.” Drake laughs.
“Hey! I asked your personal guardian angel to fix you right up. And it all worked out. Drake is here and alive, happy, and healthy.” Josh nods.
“It worked.” Ash smirks.
“Josh is right. It all worked.” Drake lifts up his glass of juice with a toasts and gently tings each tumbler with Ash and Josh.
Josh smiles. “Here! Here!” He drinks the juice and then burps out loud for fun. Drake sips the juice and places the tumbler back down on the surface, stirring his eggs with the cheese.
Ash sips the rest of the juice and holds an empty glass, looking down with confusion at the table surface, “What’s missing here?”
“Eggs. Toast. Strawberry jam. I like the strawberry jam on my biscuits and toast. Drake. Me. You. Nothing is missing here, man.” Josh grins.
Ash snaps his fingers and nods. “I know. I know what is missing here on the table.”
“Tell us! Then shut your lips with the missing name-game.” Josh chews the eggs.
“You are missing a tiny vase of yellow and pink flower carnations, Drake.” Ash nods to Drake.
Drake swallows the food and then gasps in shock, looking down, scanning the table surface. He see each plate of food, each utensil, and his two best friends since they attended the pre-kindergarten class together. He looks up and nods back to Ash. “O! I guess Myra forget to order the flowers from the grocery store for our traditional Saturday morning breakfast. You are correct, Ash. The tiny vase of yellow and pink flower carnations are missing from the breakfast meal today.”
“Do you feel un-lucky about the missing item and its silly superstition?” Ash inquires.
Josh answers for Drake with a smile. “Naw! Drake is the luckiest billionaire teen on Planet Earth.”
The front door sounds with a series of loud knocks that echo into the kitchen setting.
“Door bell!” Josh spits out his chewed egg particles over his plate and part of the table surface, laughing out loud.
“Are you expecting some additional company, this morning, Drake?” Ash looks up and stares at the open kitchen archway with curiosity.
“Naw.” Drake turns and stares at the same open archway with confusion.
Josh stops eating and turns to see the same open archway, gasping in shock. “O no! It’s Lissa, Wissa there at your front door. Go, run, and hide from the nasty devilette, Drake. We’ll go and hold her off until you can crank up the cold engine on your truck, escaping her nasty wrath, Drake.” He stands and kicks the chair from his butthole with his cowboy heel. The light colored breakfast chair slides a few feet across the tile floor and then stops without hitting anything. He turns with laughter and races ahead, exiting through the kitchen archway, laughing out loud towards the foyer entrance.
At the breakfast table, Drake swiftly stands upright from the chair with a gasp and spins around, not seeing Josh, yelling out loud with annoyance, “No! I don’t think so, Josh. Stop, Josh!” He quickly races out the kitchen and after Josh, before the teen male accidentally creates a police scene here at the house starting a catfight with the unknown visitor to the Hatem Manor.
Inside the foyer entrance, Josh slams into the front door wood with a chuckle and then back steps with a smile, opening the wooden door, staring at a female. He hears the musical song bombarding his two eardrums. Inside the living room setting, the radio is powered on and plays a new song as the words echo throughout the air waves.
“Raven hair and ruby lips. Sparks fly from her finger tips. Echoed voices in the night. She’s a restless spirit on an endless flight. Who. Ho. Witchy woman. See how high …”
The musical song Witchy Woman had been played by the rock and roll musical group Eagles from their 1970’s musical record album.
“Hi there!” The female stands outside the curved archway and displays a tone of  glowing pale skin, a pair of violet tinted eyeballs, a head of long black colored hair, a set of red tinted lips on her heart-shaped face. She stands on a pair of long naked legs underneath a short blue tinted skirt and possesses a chest of big breasts that hides underneath a tight white colored tee shirt. She smiles at Josh.
“Hey there!” Josh smiles and winks at the cute female.
“Move over or away from my visitor, Joshua!” Drake shouts out loud first and then shoves Josh away from the front door next, standing in place, staring at the unfamiliar female. He nods with a smile, “Hi! I’m Drake.” He examines the pretty stranger first and then with his raging male hormones second, winking at her face.
The female looks inside each internal wall of the house and nods with a grin, “This place is grand.” She returns back and smiles at Drake.
“Thanks.” Drake moves into the archway and leans into her face as Ash and Josh flank Drake, staring at the beautiful girl.
She lifts up the item and says with a stern face to Drake. “I’m supposed to tell you sorry, Mr. Hatem. Your delivery guy forgot to leave your order of fresh flowers. Here you go!” She extends a bouquet of red tinted roses which are tied with a purple tinted ribbon.
“Roses!” He reaches out and touches the bouquet with confusion.
“I am supposed to tell you sorry again. The store was out of carnations flowers, Mr. Hatem. But I think the flower manager likes you.” She giggles with a musical tone.
Josh gasps in shock and points down at the flowers. “The flowers are colored in red. The flowers are red roses, which means …”
“We all know what the color of red means, Josh.” Ash smiles and reaches around Drake, slapping Josh to be quiet,, so Drake can flirt with the pretty girl.
“Wow! Thanks for bringing over the roses.” Drake accepts the bouquet and extends his free hand, slapping the face of Josh, pointing into the living room. “Sorry, man! Hey, honey! We’re having some breakfast. Would you like a plate of food or a glass of juice?”
“No, thank you.” She smiles.
“How about one small glass of milk. Milk is good for your body and your bones.”
“No, thank you.”
“O! You must go back to your working job.”
“No, I have finished my working job for the day.”
“Well then, please come and join us for the rest of the breakfast meal.”
She shakes her black curls. “No thank you. I must run along.”
“Okay.” Drake frowns.
“Are you new here to the tiny city of Homewood?” Ash leans over and smiles at the unfamiliar teen female. “You don’t carry a southern twang.”
She turns and smiles at Ash. “Yes, I am new here. I have just moved here from Alaska.”
Josh smiles. “Alaska, is that a country?”
“Alaska is the forty-ninth state in the USA.” She turns and giggles at Josh.
“Forgive, Josh! He’s a true county hick redneck that only burns his school textbooks for fire wood.” Ash grins.
Josh slaps his chest with a smile, “Hey! Part of that is true. I am a redneck ...” 
“… and an idiot around a pretty girl.” Ash laughs. Josh reaches around Drake and slams his folded fist into Ash. Ash chuckles again.
“Are you going to attend Homewood High School with your school academic classes?” Drake smiles.
She turns and nods to each teen male. “Yes, I am. I start my high school classes on Monday morning.”
Drake claps with a nod. “Wow! That's excellent! Then we’ll see you around the high school campus.”
She winks at Drake, “Yeah! You will. I’ll be hanging around here for a long time within the great State of Alabama.”
“Hey! What’s your name, girl?” Drake grins.
“Mella.” She spins around with a smile and slowly strolls back to the borrowed car from the grocery store, humming with the musical song with happiness.
CHAPTER FOUR




Cast of Characters:


Human college students:
Arcturus, college football player
Cecil, college football player
Doray, college majorette & Cecil’s girl
Gizmo, college football running back player
Jake Gunter, college football quarterback
Moppe, Praelle’s brother
Praelle Bramlett, college majorette & Jake’s girl
Rashab, college football player
Sharonette, college majorette & Arcturus’ girl
Yusi, nerd college science student

Teen angel:
Xambree, death angel





Story plot:

Heavenly angel Xambree is a young entity, but her age and her duty does not stop her from taking on a new celestial assignment that challenges her mind, her body, and her heavenly soul.  





Heaven, a place of infinity space and time


Four heavenly angels beautifully lounged upon an individual soft, cushy tan colored long sofa as each pair of wings had been neatly tucked down and secured down inside a back spine in two  pinky finger-sized digits. A pair of naked straight legs were comfortably outstretched and warmed by the beams from the nearby solar sunrays coming from each heated red and yellow solar flare inside the current galaxy.
Each angel displayed a white tinted robe over their angel body enjoying the downtime from Angeldom classes.
The lovely living room setting was one of the numerous extended and formed celestial balcony formations on the edge of the High Command, the unknown and secret heavenly plane which was comprised of an extremely long row of white tinted fluffy clouds that slowly drifted in-between the bright rays of solar sunlight and the cold dark edge on outer space. The High Command structure slowly orbited the Earth plane going completely around the planet to view each hemisphere which was cleverly hidden by the Source from every pair of human eyeballs within the double view from the bright sunlight and the dark night.
The balcony rectangular shaped format displayed a ceiling of dark outer space twinkling stars, a floor base of solid white tinted clouds, three invisible walls of bright sunlight rays. The last balcony wall of swirling clouds exhibited an arched double archway without a closing cloud door leading into a busy hallway that was attached to the rest of the cloud building that housed eighteen floor levels with numerous rooms for sleeping rooms, entertainment rooms, garden pods, musical rooms, sanitation rooms, and the famous heavenly nursery.
An angel did not need to breath air or eat food or utilize the toilet bowl while allowing the supernatural body to enjoy the numerous celestial bodies within the Milky Way Galaxy and all the other surrounding universes.
The hot tropical chat only included numerous cute and available boy angels for the upcoming Angel Swing Cotillion.
Angee, a messenger angel wore a head of long bangs attached to shoulder length blonde tinted curls, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of brown tinted eyes measuring six feet and one inches in body height and continued to stroke the skull on the red-haired cat as female purred and slept in her white tinted robbed lap. “Ishi is bringing Bezant to the Angel Swing Cotillion next week.”
“Her husband…” Lystra, a warrior angel smiled and displayed dark colored braided head of hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, measuring six feet and ten inches in height, sliding off her couch, starting to twirl her silver tinted straight-edged angel sword in a figure eight-pattern as each precious gem on the hilt twinkles from the rays of solar sun flames. She worked to sharpen her new warrior fight skills.
A warrior angel slept with their weapon as part of their body. Her sword appeared as half of her tall height of six feet and five inches, measuring 38.5 inches or 3.2 feet of angel glistering steel.
Lystra stared ahead across the small room space at her best female angel friend Ithanna. Ithanna was a guardian angel and stared back, winking at Lystra with silliness.
“Bezant  is only her boyfriend, Lystra.” Angee frowned at the upright warrior angel Lystra and annoyed each young angel with her conflict and chaos theories.
Lystra continued to whack her personally assigned angel sword across the empty air waves with a two-fisted gripe, exercising all of her biceps and triceps, all at the same time, making a set of annoyingly swishing sounds. “The human race calls it a tease, Angee. Hold your ponytail, angel-swan!” She softly chuckled at the silly messenger angel.
Blonde-haired and pale-skinned Angee slapped her chest and nodded with a grin. “You are like me and we are not supposed to read any of that illegal, anti-propaganda celestial materials. It’s against the heavenly rules and...”
“What illegal, anti-propaganda celestial materials, Angee?” Long auburn tinted hair and pale skinned, six feet and two inches in height, Ithanna, a guardian angel turned and stared at Angee with puzzlement. “Angee doesn’t wear a ponytail, Lystra. Her hair style was cut into a cute bob of red curls. I like your new hairstyle, Angee,” she smiled at the messenger angel.
Lystra continuously whacked her sword in the air and smiled for annoyance. “Each one of these anti-propaganda celestial materials is nothing but a pretend fake story to read and entertain your brain cells, right before your bedtime ritual, Ithanna. And how do you know about all of those anti-propaganda celestial bed-reading materials, Angee? Hum! Or ah! Or wow!”
Ithanna smiled in silence at Angee.
“There is a big difference between reading and acting like an Earth goddess diva.” Angee growled.
“What is Angee talking about, Lystra?” Ithanna frowned with puzzlement.
“Angee is referencing a human teen novel that is called Gods & Tales which tells a pretend story about a group of mythological teen god and goddesses. The novel is a piece of fun reading material and fun entertainment for your bored brain cells, Angee.” Lystra smiled and pitched her angel sword in the air that invaded the outer space waves, flying ahead towards an advancing meteorite coming from the northern regions within outer space.
The sword slammed into a speeding outer space asteroid rock surface of ice and minerals creating a set of brilliant colorful fireworks that exploded into hues of yellow, blue, red, and green. The fireworks colors faded down into a silver tone. A plume of fiery silver tinted remnants soared down through the outer space and landed on top of different world planets inside the nearby universe.
Lystra laughed out loud at the heavenly display. Her sword curled the outer space waves and swiftly traveled back to the cloud formation towards its mistress.
Ithanna watched the fireworks display and softly chuckled with her friend. “So, what about the teen human novels, Angee? These human cartoon characters didn’t exist on our metaphysical plane up here in heaven or over there on that planet or that star or that solar flare.”
Angee watched the fireworks and frowned at a descending pile of fiery remnants that fall and then bounce off each twinkling star which creates a massive explosion in an array of pretty rainbow colors, sneering at the mischievous angel,  “You’re not supposed to destroy one of the natural phenomenon inside this galaxy, without permission from your angel supervisor, Lystra. It really excites the entire human race that continue to survive and live on trashy Planet Earth. You got in major trouble last time for performing that exact same exercise with your angel sword. Do you not remember, angel-swan?” She sipped her hot beverage and patted the skull on her cat.
Ithanna purposefully switched the subject of the hot topic inside the small lounge room, before Angee ran off and then tattle-tailed to the archangel-on-call for an emergency, which happened to be Saint Michael and his handsome son Argus, who was recently back home in heaven, after his long angel assignment on Planet Earth. She smiled. “Is cute and handsome Bezant the angel son of Saint Patrick?”
Lystra lifted her arm and captured her flying angel sword, ignoring the heated blade, striking the tip down into the cloud formation that acts like a landscape for heaven. She back stepped and then flopped down on top of her lounge chair, saying to Ithanna. “Naw! Bezant is the angel son of archangel Metatron.”
“No! Lystra is not correct,” Angee grinned at Lystra. Lystra stopped twirling her fingers on the sword and stared with a sour frown at Angee.
Angee enjoyed her set of excellent and sneaky spying skills too much as she continued to learn new bits and bytes of secret angel information sharing with her girl angels. Angee nodded. “Bezant is not a bad angel boy. All the bad angel boys and girls is called a demon, Lystra.  I see clearly without my angel clairvoyance that you had skipped to many sessions from Angeldom 101 class?” She laughed.
“O! I hear going into my two wax-free eardrums another pretend surly taunt for play fun humor, Angee. Who sliced your funny bone off?” Lystra sat down and twirled her sword in a vertical motion between her two open palms with a stern face.
“Are you going to bring Charran to the Angel Cotillion next week, Lystra?” Ithanna smiled at Lystra.
Lystra grinned back, “Of course, I am.”
Ithanna exhaled with jealous and looked up, counting the twinkling stars. “Cool angel boy Charran possess a hot bod at six feet and seven inches with a set of ripped bronze colored arm and chest muscles and he adores you, Lystra. I’m so envious and jealous and ....”
Angee shook her bobbed red tinted curls. “That’s not a set of nice angel traits, Ithanna.”
Lystra stopped the twirl and pointed the tip of her sword, sneering at Angee. “Lighten it up, Angee! Or light it up, Angee! Before I must challenge thee to a duel in our next sword class.”
Angee leaned down and covered the cat skull with both of two cupped hands, protecting the cat hearing, smiling at Lystra. “You can try your best and then lose. I don’t just delivery a verbal note down on Planet Earth to each human. I delivery a note and face each demon confrontation and win from my angel assignment,” she removed both of her hands, patting the hairy skull on the cat with a giggle. Lystra gasped in shock and continued to stare at Angee.
Ithanna sat upright and stared at Angee. “What angel assignment? Did you really fight with a demon within the pale blue sky above the Earth soil on your last angel assignment? When did you get back? Where had you been, Angee? Is that why we didn’t see you for the past two days, Angee? Is it? Wow! You encountered a real true demon in living and breathing life form. Did you really won? Did you get hurt or injured or bleed out your angel blood?”
Lystra smiled with a nod. “This is part of our angel job!” She resumed the twirling motion.
Ithanna frowned. “I still go on each single angel assignment with one of the arch-angels. When do I get to go solo? Each one of the arch-angels is so bossy. Don’t do that, Ithanna! Don’t do this, Ithanna! “Don’t be …”
“Ithanna, you’re born a guardian angel that guards the human ward and is a target on your front and your back as a guardian angel for each single demon. If you are left properly un-trained, then you’ll meet dozens of flying demons immediately on your first solo assignment down to Planet Earth. Your arch-angel advisor, protects, not just guides…”
“Quicksilver!” Dark colored braided and dark skinned Lystra shouted out loud at Ithanna and twirled the sword faster in a vertical motion.
Xambree was a death angel and entered the small lounge room, rolling her eyeballs, returning back to see an empty tan colored chaise lounge. She turned and strolled ahead toward the furniture piece, carrying a beeping device in both of her dark skinned hands. Ithanna and Angee turned and smiled at the back spine on Xambree while waving a single hand.
Xambree spun around and sat down staring at her beeping devise, without a greeting to the other girl angels, like usual.
Lystra sneered down at the silver tinted hair roots on Xambree. “No silver wings are allowed in here near us, Xambree!”
The coloration on a pair of angel wings was a piece of important datum in distinguishing the major roles of each celestial assignment.
Black tint represented a warrior angel. The more experienced warrior angel was decorated with a thick single or streaks of multi-rings of colors blending the color like a rank of awesomeness power as the weaker angels quickly learned to respect that rank.
Silver hue resided on a death angel as a deather is off limits to a humans and angel, and some aliens living within the Milky Way Galaxy.
A messenger angel possessed a multi-colored and multi-patterned pair of angel wings. Metatron was the arch-angel of all the messenger angels and likes to see lots of creativity within his flock.
Blue or pink hue coated the angel wings on a life angel, but the overall effect was more like a angel shield for the being.
A guardian angel worn a pair of white tinted angel wings while returning back to the planet from an assignment or a newly assigned wings.
Inside the lounge room, Ithanna frowned at Lystra. “Why not, Lystra?”
“Change them, Xambree!” Lystra shouted out loud with annoyance and started to swirls the sword in a horizontal motion around her waist.
Xambree exhaled with annoyance, “Fine!” She stood upright from the cushion as each one of her twenty-five foot wings slowly fluttered side to side in silver glittering feathers above her narrow collar bones. Her wings twitched slightly and then rapidly changed into a beautiful rainbow hue of pink, blues, yellows, and mint green vertical stripes. She materialized a white flowing angel robes over her wings and her entire body that executed a puddling down onto her solid black colored cowgirl boot toes.
“Where have you been hiding out from us, Xambree?” Angee smiled.
“Assignment!” Xambree sat back down and continued to study the screen on her devise, always ignoring eyeball contact with the other girl and boy angels, flipping to the next page on her beeping device.
“Death becomes her.” Lystra laughed and twirled the sword over her hair roots.
Ithanna frowned. “I don’t understand, Lystra. Why can’t Xambree wear and show her pair of silver tinted angel wings inside the lounge room with us? Her angel wing are really pretty and twinkle like a star in outer space and then you can barely see her wings within the bright sunlight, Lystra.”
“Because they stink to high heaven.” Lystra sneered with the boring human expression and then laughed, “Can’t you smell the nausea staunch of decayed flesh and lingering buttocks turds in the air waves inside our small lounge room?”
Ithanna sniffed the air waves with her inflamed nostrils and shook her dark red curls. “I don’t sense those disgusting smells here with us inside the lounge room, Lystra. Do you, Angee?”
Angee sneers. “The pair of angel wings stink passed the heavenly ream on a deather more than one of the pretend fake humorous illegal, anti-propaganda, celestial, entertainment stories coming from the parted lips on Lystra. A warrior angel is birthed like a bloodhound dog, so to speak with a set of highly sensitive acute visual, audio, and olfactory receptacles that track and find their nature foe, a demon,” she laughed with Ithanna as Lystra frowned.
Angee continued. “Unlike you, Ithanna, who is an angel of the guard and guardian purpose that is always paired with a single living soul that resides down inside the flesh, bone, and bloody human. You also protect your earthling human ward with an assigned single or in some circumstances an advanced and talented team of warrior angels, who in turn also protect you angel butthole and your human ward against our only enemy, bad body and bay body Satan. I, on the other hand am a messenger angel of numerous shared heavenly, universal, and celestial information and I am required to fight through the non-asteroid field of vicious, snarling, nasty demons delivering my heavenly datum to both the assigned guardian angel and their human ward in safety and security. However, a warrior angel does hover a few millions miles within the outer space waves just in case something bad comes at me.” Lystra and Ithanna nodded in silence acknowledgement, except for Xambree, who continued to study the lighted screen on her machine devise.
Angee inhaled a deep breath and continued with a smile. “A death angel does not possess …”
“…emotions...” Lystra laughed with her guardian angel friend Ithanna.
Angee shook her curls. “Yes, that is a true statement, Lystra. A death angel is purposefully constructed to be impenetrable to each annoying ear sight, eardrum sound, mouth and nostril smell, and each body part taste that surrounds their angel body as a deather swiftly descends down like a good friend or a nasty foe and then collects nobly each one of our soul brothers and sisters up from the Earth rim.”
Lystra smiled. “She still smells.”
Angee jabbed her finger with a laugh at Lystra. “It’s your breathe, Lystra! A living soul contains no odor, only their biological shell of fresh water, numerous earth minerals, and components of dirt soil which is all conveniently left down on Planet Earth during the death state.”
Ithanna smiled. “Can your hot date Charran dance, Lystra?”
Lystra started to twirl the sword over her two arms with a smile, “Of course, he can dance, only with me.”
Angee smiled. “Is tall, handsome, and witty angel boy Hoshuma going to be your dance partner at the Angel Swing Cotillion, Ithanna?”
Ithanna nodded with a sigh. “Yes, he is. And yes, Hoshuma likes the height dance motion over 450,000 feet from the row of twinkling stars within Orion’s Belt. But, I get really dizzy after being swirled around about five hundred times during the musical songs. Who are you bringing to the Angel Swing Cotillion, Angee?”
“No date! I'm coming alone.” Angee grinned.
“How about asking out tall and cute angel boy Ouzel?” Ithanna nodded.
“Ouzel is accompanying angel girl Meshobab.” Angee nodded.
“O! What about cute and handsome angel boy Jattir? I do know that he is single guy without a permanent angel girl?”
“Gazzam is his date for the yearly event.”
“Bummer! How about asking out cute angel boy Zabdi or tall angel boy Pochereth or handsome angel boy Ramath?”
“So far, each and every available, cute boy angel has been taken. Zabdi is accompanying sweet Beeliada and tall Pochereth is dancing with tall angel girl Ephphatha.” Angee frowned.
Lystra winked with a smirk at Angee. “I know of one cute, handsome, and definitely available angel boy, Angee. You can ask out super hunk and super cutie, older male angel Dallas. I personally know he is available for any and all fun angel dances for another hundred years or so.”
“Dallas is off limits.” Xambree continued to sit on top of the cushion and growled down at the lighted screen on her machine devise, without eye burning the other girl angels.
“Who says?” Lystra stopped the twirl of her sword and frowned down at the silver tinted hair roots on death angel Xambree.
Xambree looked up with a smile and presented a pair of eerily silver swirling eyeballs meeting the pair of hazel pupils on Lystra, sneering with annoyance. “I do, angel-swan!” She also enjoyed reading all of those illegal, anti-propaganda, entertainment human teenage Planet Earth novels.
Angee exhaled with frustration and quickly tried to think of something clever to quote back to Xambree while decreasing the girly tension within the room, before the death angel attacked her annoying prey or the pretty angel sister on purpose, not fear.
A death angel or a deather possessed a set of secret and extraordinary supernatural heavenly powers which guarded the rest of the faithful flock and was utilized exclusively for and against each one of Satan’s demons that stalked every heavenly soul, who tried to ascend up towards the glittering Pearly Gates in heaven.
However, time to time, some arrogant and daring young warrior angels liked to mindlessly question their own angel life form existence and enjoyed stupidly toying with a docile deather.  Then the celestial outcome for one angel party was not good, but gooey.
Inside the small lounge room, on top of the tan colored chaise lounge cushion, Angee smiled at Lystra. “Dallas is a former fallen angel. No angel, male or female, is allowed to befriend him until his probation is cleared by the Source.”
Lystra sat down on the edge of the couch and pondered the new information, staring at Xambree. Xambree returned back and studied the lighted screen on her device in silence. Lystra turned and winked at Angee. “Bo hangs with his friend Dallas on an hourly and daily basis. Dallas is not a fallen, but a faithful angel like each one of us. Bo possesses a nice and friendly angel personality with everyone and everything here in heaven, since he has come back from Planet Earth. You can go and ask Bo about super cute and hunky angel boy Dallas going to the dance with your person, Angee.”
Ithanna shook her long hair of dark red hue with a worried brow. “Do not do that, Angee!”
Angee touched her temple with a smile and then dropped her hand down into her lap. “I’m smart; Lystra is not. Dallas had lived down on Planet Earth for the past one hundred years as a true human male, not an angel. And he still exhibits some of those nasty human attitudes. This is the reason he has been quarantined from the rest of us, good angels.” She shook her blonde bangs with a sour frown. “You do not want to catch any of these nasty bad human habits, Ithanna.”
Lystra laughed at Angee. “Ah! Informational Wing-ding sitting prettily over there on top of the cushy cushion has pressed the wrong cyber keystroke on her brain cells. You, me, and her can’t catch any of these nasty human habits or attitudes. Everyone knows a fallen angel struggles on an hourly basis to survive down there on that hostile and vicious Earth planet for both shelter and food. That creates and develops their greedy selfish attitude within their bad soul towards all the other greedy and nice humans and alien life forms.”
Ithanna nodded to Lystra. “How do you know so much, Lystra?”
“It's part of my gossip, girl angel.” Lystra laughed with her secret. An angel was not a perfect creature that had been created by the Heavenly Father either, especially the flock of messenger angels that delivered one to numerous vocal notes, as well as, collected all types of vocal and visual information from each human and sometimes each living alien and every nasty demon for communication fun. Each one also possessed a big mouth with open lips and a flickering non-forked tongue that delivered all the unexpected and shocking vocal and visual news to each arch-angel and any other angel behind a closed door.
Angee sneered. “Be very careful where you stand in the future, Lystra.”
Warrior angel Lystra pointed the sword tip at Angee and slapped her chest with a nod. “I am a warrior angel. Do not ever forget my angelic role in here and over there and within the universe, Angee!”
“Hey, Lystra! Doesn't your angel mom know Bo? She talked about Bo all the time when I was there last at your dinner time.” Ithanna smiled.
Death angel Xambree looked up and gasped in shock, staring at Lystra. “How does your angel mom know faithful angel Bo?”
Angee flipped her hand in the air and nodded with a smile. “Ithanna, you must have misunderstood my mom. Faithful angel Bo has recently returned back home here into heaven from his one hundred year old Earth assignment, making him way older than Lystra’s angel mom. Bo doesn’t socialize with any of the flock of guardian angels. And Lystra's mom is a warrior angel like her moody daughter Lystra.”
“Bo is a warrior angel.” Lystra nodded.
“No way right!” Ithanna gasped in shock.
Lystra smiled. “Yes way right!”
Xambree continued to stare and frowned at Lystra. “How does your angel mom know faithful angel Bo, Lystra?” Lystra ignored Xambree.
Angee smiled. “Don’t listen to her, Ithanna! It’s impossible for an angel to switch their assigned angel role, Lystra. We’re born from a pair of the same angel parents. I am a messenger angel, because my parents. You are a guardian angel coming from your pair of loving guardian angel mom and dad. And Lystra’s parents are both a warrior angel which makes their angel daughter Lystra a warrior angel, to boot. The same concept applies to Xambree and Bo.”
Lystra twirled the sharp blade horizontally through each finger digit as an invisible whirlwind of flowing air currents hit and then flirted with the long blonde tinted forehead bangs on Angee. “Yeah! And thank both heaven and stars right here! I don’t have a tone of icky, sickly yellow tinted skin underneath that that bushy flaring blonde frizzy hair like a messenger angel.” Lystra released the jeweled hilt on her sword as it hung in the air with her angel magic. She reached up with both of her cupped hands, pulling back her long dark braided hair into a ponytail, modeling her glossy hair and her pair of high cheekbones coming from warrior pod of related heavenly angel. “I possess dark brown colored hair and an olive tinted skin tone which represents both strength and might, when my kin had fought against the race of vile and vicious half-breed alien reptilians humans there at the Tower of Babylonia.”
“I’m really going to enjoy that lovely pink hue emitting from your dark brown hair as set by my flaming sword at our next weapons training class, Lystra.” Angee waved her hand in the air and the mentally called out to her personal angel weapon, then a fiery amber colored flaming sword appeared in one of her cupped hands. She lifted her hand with her flaming sword over her blonde colored hair roots and laughed out loud with amusement.
“Bo possesses a tone of peachy colored skin, like me. I am a guardian angel. So, Bo obviously is a guardian angel, like me.” Ithanna touched her two peachy-tinted cheekbones and nodded with a smile at Lystra.
“Bo obviously possesses a head of black colored hair, like me.” Lystra released the ponytail and touched the end of her long black colored ponytail. “He and I are both a warrior angel.”
Ithanna eye burned Angee. “How is that angelically possible, Angee? I recall now that Bo displays a funny mixture of my light skin and Lystra’s dark hair color. That is not possible, Angee. Is that possible, Ithanna?”
Xambree eye burned Lystra. “How does your angel mom know faithful angel Bo, Lystra?”
“I don’t know. Do you know, Xambree?” Ithanna smiled.
Lystra turned and smiled at Xambree. “My angel mom had been engaged to marry faithful angel Bo, before he had left outta of here on his new angel assignment over one hundred years ago.”
Xambree swiftly stood upright from the soft cushion with a pair of tight lips as her long angel robe slowly twirled around her two black colored boot toes. Ithanna and Angee turned and stared at Xambree in silence.
Lystra smiled with a nod. “Well, I do believe that it is your angel turn to share some angelica news with us, Xambree.”
Ithanna raised one of her auburn tinted eyebrows with a stern face. “What do you know about the newest arrival of faithful angels leaving from Planet Earth and settling up here in heaven, specifically the angels who are named Bo, Tina and Dallas, deather Xambree?”
Xambree pursed her lips in silence and then turned to face the curved archway, sneering with annoyance. “Too much!” She exited the lounge room and entered an empty hallway, stomping towards one of the other occupied room down the long corridor in silence but ponderous of her mental thoughts.
Inside the private lounge room setting, a tiny human-made plasma television screen blasted out a set of strange words as a group of tiny upright figures ran around on screen.
“Foul! That's a personal foul!” A sexy baritone timber shouted out loud in fury and as his hand slapped down on top of his outstretched leg. Dallas waved both of his expanded arms and cursed with a string of nasty human words at the human-made television screen. “Did you see that freaking game play, Bo? Foul! That's a personal foul on our talented lineman,” he fingered the screen with fighting fury. “Bro, the referee’s blind.”
Bo slowly emerged from his tender kiss with Tina and wiped off the wet lip spittle with the back of his hand, sitting with his permanently angel girlfriend Tina. Their four legs were entangled like a growing flowering vine on top of the long lounging sofa in dark blue hue.
Bo displayed a body frame of six feet and six inches with a pair of white tinted jeans and a long-sleeved tee shirt over a set of ripped bulging biceps and triceps. His blackish blue wavy hair parted on the left side of his bone skull with a set of dusted black tinted whiskers on the peachy-pale jaw line with a set of dreamy baby blue eyes.
Tina cuddled inside Bo’s lap as each bare foot hung over a shared matching foot stool and each naked toe was tickled by a cool breeze from the open archway inside an empty and breezy hallway. She and Bo both wore a similar white tinted heavenly uniform, consisting of a long-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of white tinted jeans, a matching battle vest, and a pair of bare feet. Her pair of pink tinted cowgirl boots rested at the edge of the sofa near the entrance door. His pair of orange tinted cowboy boots rested next to hers.
Tina was a heavenly angel of one hundred years old in angel years but physical appeared like a seventeen year old girl with a round face, a pair of apple cheeks, a set of pink lips, a head of wavy waist-length strawberry-blonde hair, and a pair of mint green eyes on a peachy-pale complexion, standing at five feet and eleven and a half inches in height on a thin body frame.
With the aid of Bo, her current boyfriend back on Planet Earth, Tina had recovered her lost pair of angel wings from a smelly evil pair of humans which were now tenderly stored resting down below the fleshy skin which was attached to the underlying bone and muscle of the shoulder blades. Now, her old pair of angel wings were solid white hue again without damage or human spoil.
Bo smiled at Tina first and then turned to see the nose profile on his lifetime friend and angel brother Dallas.
Dallas was a former fallen angel, but a current faithful angel, who devotionally watched his favored college football team, the Birmingham University Steel Bolt. Burn U football team players were currently waging a battle war with some fighting struggles against their current opposing football team on the human-made television screen.
Dallas measured six feet and five inches tall on a mesomorph body type with a pair of board shoulders, a head of straight blonde hair, a set of bangs under a heart-shaped face with a precious pair of baby blue eyeballs on a tone of olive tinted skin.
He continued to sit in a comfortably, oversized lavender colored leather arm chair with a matching foot stool, slurped down the cold beverage, and then cursed with a string of nasty human words against the football game referees that each held an evil intention against his Birmingham University or Burn U Steel Bolt football team.
Bo continued to play the angel policeman over the numerous non-angelic behaviors from his friend Dallas while not allowing a touch of angel magic to descend down into the earthly plane, which ironically actually showed on the human-made television screen in the active humanly created football game.
Bo did not release Tina but sneered at the nose profile on his friend Dallas, “That betta not be a cold beer in your drinking hand, Dallas!”
Dallas turned and winked at Bo, slowly lifting up his tall sweaty glass tumbler of yellow tinted liquid resembling a toilet bowl of human pee near his cheekbone. Bo studied the colorful beverage in silence. Dallas laughed. “Naw! No beer. This is a soda which tastes on my tongue a chemical combination of tart and sweet, sorta like a piece of hard candy.”
He frowned. “You don’t like pieces of hard candy or chocolate bars or sweet desserts, only a case of cold bottles of beer, Dallas.”
“I have changed, Bo.” Dallas laughed again. Bo did not know or suspect about that single cold bottle of beer, after their delicious lunch meal and right before the start of the competitive human football game.
Tina turned and smiled at the nose profile on Dallas. “When does the probation end for Dallas, Bo?”
Dallas had just arrived up from Planet Earth after spending one hundred years down there as a rude and stinky human with an angel soul. Surprisingly, Central would not normally allow a fallen angel back into the celestial flock up here in heaven, but fallen angel Dallas had proven to be that single one exception.



Three months ago, Bo had been sent down there to Planet Earth as a guardian angel and purposefully hid his newly acquired warrior skills to convert and then retrieve a fallen angel Dallas back into the loving light of goodness, if possible.
While he had accidentally stumbled across an unknown and shy tainted angel, named Tina.
Tina had been an unwillingly part of the fallen angel plan coming from an evil and known fallen angle Dallas, after she had landed down on the Earthly plane, executing her first guardian angel assignment, innocently.



Heavenly day, time, place, and space, Dallas slurped the sweet drink and then dropped an empty glass down on the side table, smiling at Tina. “I have ten more heavenly fun-filled days and sleepy nights on my probation schedule, before I am paroled as a free flying angel boy again.”
She nodded with a smile to Dallas. “Eyes here, Bo!” Tina turned and smiled at the nose profile on Bo, reaching out, touching his chin and twirls his skull to see her pair of violet pupils. “Let Dallas watch his human game, while I watch over your angel body.” She giggled and then leaned over, tenderly kissing his soft lips with her softer lips. Bo leaned over and hugged her body enjoying the love moment with his girl Tina.
“Bo!” A loud female voices shouted out loud inside an empty hallway that displayed numerous small and large lounge rooms which was occupied with various angels in rest and fun activities. A super tall female angel with a pair of silver tinted wings, a head of matching hair, and a pair of matching eyeballs appeared and stood inside the open archway scanning each interior wall and every furniture piece for Bo.
On top of the long sofa, Bo un-wrapped both of his arms from Tina and shuffled sideways away from Tina, swiftly standing upright with a stern face from the cushion and his girl Tina, staring without a single angel thought or emotion at his new guest. Tina swiftly stood beside Bo with a stern face and stared in silence of wonderment at her new guest too.
Dallas ignored the new and obnoxious angel stranger inside the open archway and continued to watch the active football game, still cursing at the group of stupid human referees and his team's lousy football team skills today. Since his homecoming arrival back home in heaven, Central or High Command or the angel headquarters had not announced but somehow or some naughty angel had leaked out the stunning new item: a faithful angel is on heavenly probation and under the care of another faithful angel. So, numerous loud or quiet or shy or curious angel strangers had been dropping by unexpectedly at all hours during each solar flares or every passing comet tail while conversing in a hushed tone with numerous juicy details with faithful angel Bo about all of the secret angel stuff.
In front of the long sofa, Bo smiled at the deather. “Hi, Xambree!” 
A death angel always received his full and undivided attention, even a graceling like Xambree, who was a little older than one hundred angel years of age, when she was compared to his many centuries of angel age.
“Bo, I wanted to…” Xambree started her conversation and as her eyeballs viewed guardian angel Tina in silence, turning to view the back rest on the lavender colored arm chair with a head of blonde colored hair roots on Dallas. A returned fallen angel sat inside a sitting chair and slapped the wooden side table surface with his hand while loudly cursing with a string of nasty human words at the lighted screen on the human-made device.
“You wanted to do what, Xambree. What do you need from me, Xambree? I am here to assist you with any needs or wants or desires, Xambree.” Bo nodded with a smile and leaned over hugging Tina with his protection and love and assurance. Tina reached down and crashed his hand with worry and fear and uncertainty while staring at the deather.
Xambree returned back and nodded to Bo. “I’m so sorry, Bo. I didn’t mean to intrude on your..." Her eyeballs darted back to the small lighted screen and stared at the human-made television device. She slowly padded into the small lounge room and then stopped, fingering the screen, where a group of tiny running humans appeared which occurred live down on the Earth plane. She frowned with confusion and puzzlement, “What is that program playing on the human-made devise? I have never seen a program where each human fights with another human. I was a little angel kid during the string of terrible world wars down there on Planet Earth. Why do you allow each one of the humans to fight and bleed another human, Bo? Are you in here to monitor and desist their bloody progress? I don’t see any blood or broken bones on their clothes. Is a flock of warrior angels in white battle gear down there on top of the green tinted grass helping each one of the attacking assailant? This is so confusing to my brain cells, Bo,” Xambree returned back and frowned at Bo.
“I am sitting here and I am hearing and seeing and feeling the losing football game, Bo!” Dallas sneered at the television screen without viewing the new and obnoxious stranger angel.
Bo pointed to Xambree and then down at the recliner seat at the end of the sofa beside his upright body. The recliner was empty and kissed the side wall of soft white fluffy clouds.
Xambree swiftly moved ahead and sat down on the edge of the recliner, watching the lighted screen with the group of fighting humans in confusion.
Bo and Tina sat back down in silence. Bo leaned into the air space on the deather with a smile and whispered, without perturbing Dallas. “To answer your many inquiring questions in a quiet state for Dallas, the active and colorful and loud digital program is called football. The football game is a fun but brutal weekly ritual which is performed by a group of selected humans, a tall and mean and nasty group of teen males, who are all located down on the Earth plane. I ain’t watching the football game, but Dallas is enjoying the violence and blood and broken limbs.”
Xambree stared at the lighted screen absorbing the new information in silent acknowledgement. Bo smiled at the death angel. “Normally, the football game involves very little amounts of blood but lots of many broken bones which do heal on a male human, eventually, with the appropriate medical rest and proper clinical nutrition. I’m not a warrior angel, anymore, Xambree. I’m a guardian one.”
“But…” Xambree turned and stared at Tina. Tina stared back in silence at Xambree and then viewed the nose profile on Bo with her worries.
Bo reached down and patted the leg on Tina while smiling at Xambree. “I am not a warrior angel, Xambree.”
Xambree nodded to Bo and returned back, staring at the nose profile on Dallas. “Is Dallas a guardian angel now? I understand he had been a warrior angel, before his great fall down into becoming a fallen angel, who had lived down there on Planet Earth. Will Dallas resume that warrior angel position within the heavenly flock?” She was exposed to all kinds of datum which was needed for her deather job but apparently some important data had been left out or left off, purposefully. That data, Bo had spent one hundred years as a guardian angel on Planet Earth and then he had returned back home to heaven with a fallen angel for some mysterious reason.
“That angelic decision hasn’t been determined, yet, Xambree. Why is Dallas and his angel role so important for your research?” Bo turned and stared at the nose profile on Dallas while not viewing at Xambree.
Each death angel possessed a pair of eerily, silver tinted, swirling two ovals, which were labeled as their angel eyeballs. If a human had ever viewed a pair of their eerily, silver tinted, swirling circles, then the human would go insane and kill his bio-shell. An angel or a demon could stare into the same pair of deather eyeballs and not go mentally insane, but their supernatural emotions would become rattled and as their brain cells confused with mental thoughts and body movements. This was a great advantage for a death angel, who had accidentally ran across a nasty demon. The angel always won their vicious death bloody battle match below the heavens and above the Earth plane.
Bo worried protectively over Dallas as his ward and his angel responsible with a death angel sharing the same room space. An angel was unique creature that had been created by the Source and possessed human-like traits, such like, an upright body with two arms, two legs, two hands, ten finger, ten toes, a beating heart, a working liver, a thinking brain but not a stinky butthole. An angel did not need to eat or sleep or puke or pee or poop, only serve the Source and protect the human ward.
However, a death angel could terminate the life form on any angel or human or demon or alien or animal or plant or insect or anything or anybody, at any time, with a touch from a single cold finger pad. Then the dead life form turned into nothingness as their dead body of flesh, bones, blood, leaves, petals, limbs, fur, scales, fat, proteins, hair and any other soft and hard body parts disappeared from the universe and never existed within the blinking light of the Maker.
If the death angel was here to execute a permanent punishment on Dallas, then Bo could not interfere or stop or halt or plea with word for Dallas's existing and breathing angel life form.
Bo and Tina were silently worried as Dallas was not.
Each death angel possessed a head of long silver tinted curly hair, a pair of silver swirling eyeballs that cut into their golden tinted skin tissue and a pair of gigantic silver tinted glittering angel wings that presented a permanent halo effect over their hair roots which protected each one from a nasty flying demon. Their descending angel form appeared as a swiftly horizontal streak of whitish-yellow like a falling star across the dark blackness in the night sky or the bright whiteness of the warm sunlight over Planet Earth while performing their only duty collecting a living soul from a dead human bio-shell. Both the silver tinted hair and the pair of ghostly eyeballs chemically drained out all of their pure emotions and feelings from an active mind while protecting each death angel from any invasion of demons with their nasty tricks and treats as each deather traveled down to Earth and back up into heaven.
Inside the lounge room, on the edge of the recliner, Xambree shook her silver tinted curls and whispered back to Bo. “Sorry, Bo! I am full of curious questions which do not seem to provide an answer coming from an arch-angel or another smarter angel,” she smirked. “Do you care to share!”
“Victory is sweet!” Dallas leaped up from the chair with a grin and raised both arms into the air, showing off his two covered armpits, hollering out loud, dancing side to side. His index finger flickered in the air, when a musical tune which is entitled Sweet Home Alabama that was recorded by the musical group Lynard Skynard in the year 1967 loudly bombarded the air molecules and each pair of eardrums inside the tiny room. Dallas danced to the right and then to the left, stopping and shaking his two hip bones and his two arms over his blonde tinted hair roots.
“I presume your favorite college football team has won the battle.” Bo returned back and laughed at the slick dance moves on Dallas and then his angel senses pinged with a hot warning.
The male announcer on the lighted screen of the television shouted out loud his words over the musical words and notes inside the heavenly lounge room, “Birmingham University or Burn U has the possession, fans. There are six full seconds left on the field clock, folks. There is time for one more play in the final game a field goal to win ...”
Dallas stopped the dance moves and stood in place, crossing his arms, watching the screen with a sour frown.
On the sofa, Bo looked down and viewed the television screen with worry, “Dallas, I sense …”
“Dog and horse and cow and bull crap!” Dallas shouted out loud and tumbled down on both of his kneecaps, waving his arms in the air, cutting off the blaring musical song. He stared with a worried face at the screen like a little kid, witnessing the defeat of his football team on the human-made television devise. Tina, Xambree, and Bo swiftly stood upright from their seat and then surrounded Dallas, studying the lighted screen with fascination.
The same male announcer on the lighted screen of the television shouted out loud his words over the musical words and notes inside the heavenly lounge room, “Sanderson is down. I do believe it appears that the Burn U long fielder for Birmingham University is down on top of the messy grassy field that has been made with human blood, sweat, and tears, this afternoon, folks. Ray Sanderson is the long fielder for Burn U is ...”
Tina gasped in alarm and pointed at the screen with a gasp of worry. “That injured human male has a broken tibia bone which is a very painful harm for a human life form.”
Xambree leaned down without emotions and reached out with her glowing index finger tip towards the lighted screen on the television devise. “I can fix that.”
Bo reached out and slapped the hand on the deather down towards the floor while gasping in alarm. “Xambree, you can’t…” He released her hand and stood upright, staring at the screen, shaking his black tinted curls. He crossed his arms and reprimanded the younger angel, “Xambree, you are not supposed to aid the human male, who is injured down on the football field within the earth plane. Each human must learn to ask for help from each other first. This is part of their human kindness or humanity, their final living soul lesson on Planet Earth.”
Xambree dropped her hand down by her rib cage without attacking the older angel and frowned with puzzlement at the lighted screen, studying the injured human on the field. “Bo, I possess great powers and I can help that poor injured human down the grass.”
“Who are you, doll?” Dallas leaned back and sat down on the floor, looking up, turning to view the new and strange angel.
Bo extended his finger with a smile and pointed to her first and then Dallas second, “Xambree meet Dallas. Dallas meet Xambree. She is a death angel, Dallas.”
Dallas lifted up both palms near his smile, “Don’t get offended here, doll, if I do not wanna shake your ice cold handshake,” he laughed with humor at the cute, young deather.
Xambree looked down at Dallas in silence acknowledgment. A deather was treated with great care and higher respect by all life forms including angels, demons, and humans, and some aliens within the Milky Way Galaxy. A death angel was usually a little or a lot revengeful for any minor or major or tiny reason from a rude or nasty life form throughout the universe. Xambree had heard the juicy angel tales regarding the Avenging Angels, a group of former deathers, who has gone rouge and were hunted down by a few talented and skillful arch-angels.
“Stop embarrassing me in here and in front of Xambree, Dallas! Put your hands down, man!” Bo frowned and leaned down, slamming at one palm on Dallas, standing upright. He leaned over and hugged Tina with a smile.
“Well, I can say in my angel body defense that I am just clearing the dirty air between me and her, Bo.” Dallas dropped his other palm down by his rib cage and winked at Xambree as she nodded with a stern face to the fallen angel. Dallas performed a half-stand from the floor and crawled back into his sissy lavender colored sitting chair, pointing an index finger at the lighted screen, using his angel magic to flip to each new channel on the human-made television devise.
Bo leaned over with a smile and slapped the collar bone on Dallas, nodding with a smile. “The football game’s over, man! Let’s go sword playing. I feel like kicking some steel bootie, which is yours at the moment,” he stood upright and leaned over, kissing the cheekbone on Tina in front of the young and unsuspecting deather, releasing her. He scooted around Tina, stopped and stood over the side table at the end of the sofa on the other side wall of fluffy clouds, wiggling an index finger at each dirty plate and empty glass tumbler. He sent all the dirty items back down to the earth plane inside the kitchen setting of a human house for washing and then cleaning by a group of angel-in-waiting which were trying to pass their Opus Angelorum.
“You shouldn’t insult your girl angel, Bo. I happen to know she’s wickedly talented with a small sharp pointy dagger when furiously riled.” Dallas turned and winked at Tina as Tina giggled with a smile.
“The group of humans didn’t seem to have killed off each other, like before, on another violence and vicious battle fields, where I had witnessed a couple of days ago. This is a very strange war battle for the human race, Bo.” Xambree pointed at the tiny figures on the screen and continued to stand.
Dallas turned and smiled at the screen. “Naw, doll! The event was called a football game. A group of vicious humans attack a leather-coated tear-shaped ball rather than each human body part. In a sense, it is like a war battle  of good to win it all. Yeehaw! Amen! Hallelujah!”
“Kill the television screen, Dallas! Your football team lost for the week. Let’s go and do something else to kill your emotional slur!” Bo finished the angel chore and spun around, staring at the hair root on Dallas. Tina scooted sideways and hugged Bo, staring at the same hair roots on Dallas too in silence.
Dallas  continued to sit and smiled at the screen. “I’m checking out the other football team competition for next week. I gotta help my team with football analysis! You and Tina go and start without me.” He flipped the channel to one of the many rival teams against the Birmingham University Steel Bolt football team and stared with a serious matter at the screen.
“A group of maroon colored demons play and kill the human at the football, this is very strange event there down on Planet Earth. Do you not think so, too, Dallas?” Xambree continued to stand and observed the screen of active football players also with puzzlement.
The Birmingham State University or Bam U football team was shown on the television screen playing down on the grassy field Earth plane. Each player wore a maroon or a darkish-red football uniform covering most of their body parts from a naked throat down to each toe bone, except the front showed a white tinted number and the back rear displayed a set of letters for their human name 
Xambree understood. A nasty demon displayed a dark red tinted battle gear from their naked dark green tinted throat down to their covered dark red colored boots which might or might not possess a set of matching dark green tinted toes bones. Each demon displayed a pair of matching blood red wings on a back spine and flew through the air waves there on Planet Earth and sometimes at the end of outer space waves above the Earth plane, when each one encountered their rival foe, a heavenly angel.
In the sitting chair, Dallas chuckled at youngling angel. “Naw, doll!” He pointed at the screen. “The human players can figuratively be called a pod of demons. I give you that devilish credit there but each human male definitely is an individual flesh, bones, and blood-filled bio-shell that contains a living soul that came down from heaven by a life angel. A human bio-shell exists and breathes underneath the clothing color of maroon which is part blue hue which is mixed with a deep red with a touch of violet pigment.”
“Your description seems to visually show the physical accuracy, Dallas. I can see the reddish-purple tint now. So, that color is called maroon.”
“Dallas, Central is calling me to leave you and this room.” Bo spun them around and faced the archway shouting out loud with a stern face to Dallas. “And no beer bottle is allowed in here, either, man!”
“Bye, Bo and Tina!” Dallas snorted with his evil upcoming surprise, without his angel landlord Bo.
Xambree pointed at the screen with puzzlement. “Does this human battle entail killing their human opponent like our on-going, non-ever ending Good versus Evil celestial war? I know this. I have brought up several living souls from their associated dead human bio-shell coming from that particular messy, green tinted grassy field which was a couple of years ago, because that physical location looks very familiar to my senses.”
Dallas ignored the deather and smiled at the screen, wiggling his index finger, materializing a sweaty metal bucket of ice cubes that surrounded four wet bottles of cold beer that have been cooling underneath the kitchen wash sink inside his tiny four-walled sleeping compartment which he shares with his angel buddy Bo. He reached over and grabbed one of the bottles, extending his arm towards Xambree. “Maybe so, doll! Your ice cold folks are everywhere in the galaxy.”
Xambree felt the cold item on her naked arm and turned without emotion, scanning the bottle with her pair of silver swirling eyeballs, accepting the gift from Dallas. Her cold hand felt the sweaty, wet, ice sensation, flinging the excess water down on the floor. She says, “Thank you very much, Dallas. What is it?”
“Dessert!” He stared at the screen and reached down, grabbing a bottle, screwing off the cap. He nosily gulped down the cold brew and swallowed with a sweet awe sound and a smile. “This dessert is very good for the angel and human brain cells.”
A human football player in a maroon uniform ran off the field as a new set of maroon shirts trotted to the center of the same field.
She turned and pointed at the screen. “Is that group of human players injured with bloody and broken bones? They’re leaving the game field excitedly.” She lifted the bottle to her lips and sipped a small swallow of the cool beer, swiftly removing the lip on the bottle, looking down with a curled lip at disgusting beverage.
“The offensive team is changing their individual football positions on the field. Now, the defense teams of players are moving onto the field for the next action play,” he leaned over and placed the partially empty beer bottle on top of the table surface, leaning down, placing both of his elbows on each his kneecap and studied the active football game.
She preciously copied his body movement and placed the beer bottle on top of the sofa cushion, leaning down, resting each elbow on top of her kneecap, staring at rows of tiny figures on the screen.
A gang of maroon tinted football shirts rushed swiftly across the top, bottom, and middle on the screen. An upright human male in a black and white uniform ate and then blew a loud whistle in the air, rolling both of his arms in front of his chest. A huddle of maroon tinted football shirts moved ahead and then huddled into a small circle as the television camera panned onto the messy green tinted grassy field, where the referee in the black and white uniform moved ahead and stopped at white tinted sideline with the Bam U coaches and players while talking about the game.
Inside the tiny lounge room, on top of the recliner seat, Xambree sat upright at her tiny waistline and frowned at the screen. “They wear a mask to cover a face.”
“Naw, doll! The maroon hat is called a helmet like a warrior angel dons during the heated war battle.” He sat upright and wiggled his butthole back into the back rest cushion, grabbing out and then sipped his beer. 
“I see that clearly but the mask hides their specific colorful interesting facial features which is similar to us.”
“Protects from a nose blood, doll.”
“O! I can’t recognize any of their faces.” She frowned.
“Why would you need to recognize their face, doll? You need see the living soul inside the dead and deceased, non-breathing human bio-shell. Who cares about the ugly or pretty flesh face on a dead human? You shouldn't practice the art of vanity like a nasty human male or female. It is a major heavenly sin that gets your soul down there, not up here,” he laughed.
She pointed with puzzlement at the screen, “Will he, that particular human male, on the screen die without the masked helmet?”
“No! He will not die immediately unlike you touching his body,” he chuckles. One finger tip from a death angel is instant death as in the human heart stops. Dallas nodded. “But yeah! If the football player receives a seriously head injury, without the helmet, then he could die in a death kill.”
“That makes sense.” She nodded.
“Makes dead sense!” He chuckled.
“Would you teach me this game of football on this human-made devise, Dallas?” Xambree turned and smiled at the nose profile on Dallas.
“Sure, doll!” He fingered at the center football player in the center of the line that was folded down at his bent waistline. The upright football player in the maroon colored shirt yelled out loud as each word echoed from the television. Dallas nodded. “That male in the middle of the field is called the quarterback, he tosses the football and then scores numerous mathematical points to win the football game.”
“Why is he important? Is he important?”
He turned and winked at her, “Yeah, the quarterback is very, very important like you, doll.” Xambree turned and smiled at Dallas. He returned back and pointed at the television screen, “The very important quarterback scores all the mathematical points by giving that one football which is shared by both teams and holds within his hands to one of the many running backs. There are other guys that run away from him and race down the grassy field which is another method of scoring the needed mathematical points. When the quarterback tosses the football high in air waves to another dude to catch, the action adds more mathematical numbers on the scoreboard to win the game and become the state champs like my Burn U football team.”
"Your favorite football team just lost the football game today," she smiled.
He frowned with annoyance. "Naw!" Dallas wiggled his finger and flipped the television channel back to his team action, where the media human reporters talked to coaches and players about losing the football game.
She turned and pointed at the screen with a grin, "Do you see that, Dallas? Your favorite football team ..."
"My team is the Birmingham University Steel Bolt, because their single bolt can travel speeds of 140,000 miles per hour …”
“Dallas, a lightning bolt zaps the Earth plane at 140,000 miles per hour and reaches an outward temperature of 54,000 degrees Fahrenheit which is hot enough to fuse silica sand into glass channels which are known as fulgurites…”
He sipped and then swallowed the beer with a stern face. “You study your Earth lessons a lot and too much, Xambree.”
“I like to know my surroundings over here and over there and up there and down there,” she laughed with amusement.
He exhaled with annoyance. “Fair enough! My football team is nicknamed as a Steel Bolt, because a row of growling football players violently discharge a beam of deadly bright light that blind the face of every opponent, knocking the enemy body face down into the dirt ground. Did you heard it? Did you feel it? Did you get it? Burn you and you and you,” Dallas laughed.
The screen turned into black hue and then brightly displayed a row of Birmingham University or Burn U football players wearing a white colored football jersey from an ancient film in last year’s football competition with their rival football team in maroon colors, the Birmingham State University Cougars.
“Crimson Tail! O! I completely understand now. The rival football team against your losing football team uses and employ a illegal, nasty gang of Crimson Tails.” She pointed with a smile at the screen. A Crimson Tail was a disgraced heavenly angel who worked directly for Satan and acquired blood red hue on each one of their white tinted angel wings, when the Crimson Tail won their angel victory against a defeated heavenly angel similar to the group of humans, who were dressed in a dark red tinted shirt on their human chest inside the television screen.
He sniggered and shook his skull at the youngling. “No, doll! Don't you kill all of those bad rouge angels, right?”
She shook her silver curls with frustration, “No. I’m too young, so I’m told.”
He turned with a grin and examined her tall, sexy body with a wink, “Really! You look very mature as an older female to my eyeballs, death angel girl.”
“Thanks, Dallas!” She giggled with a shy smile and bounced on top of the edge of the recliner.
He returned back and pointed back at the screen with a nod. “Each college team kinda like an angel picks a distinct colorful hue that identify their bodies to their enemies, sorta like a demon. My great football team wears a solid white uniform with a touch of royal purple hue on their chest and back spine muscles. My evil and opposing football team has picked out the color of crimson which is a hue cross between a blood red and a deep blue that is coupled with the white outlines on the mathematical number on each chest. The Birmingham State University or Bam U Cougars campus ground houses a real live cougar as their university's mascot. A cougar is a true native lion down there within the US State of Alabama that resides inside the tiny town of Oppton. To educate you on the Earth geography map, the tiny town of Oppton houses 5,000 people which are mostly students and teachers and support personnel at the Birmingham State University and is located about two hours south of the largest town of Birmingham."
Xambree frowned at the nose profile on Dallas. “I do believe that it is wrong to capture and hold a wildlife animal hostage for entertaining purpose without the animal living and roaming around their natural home which had been provided by the Source. The entire race of humans are mean and unkind. I see that terrible trait every second on a new day and the departing moonlight rays at nighttime. And I will fault all of the 5,000 souls that live down there on the Earth plane inside the tiny town of Oppton."
Dallas laughed at the screen. "Look! I agree with your wildlife cause down there on Planet Earth. But the Source gave man-kind and woman-kind rule over His planet, in which, I will kindly remind here that you and I cannot challenge or fix or mend or interfere with. However, that live cougar is well-cared for and receives it daily nourishment of freshly dead baby animal meats by the human staff. I promise, death angel. Do you feel believe now, babe?" He shook his blonde curls at the concept of a death angel really wanting to attack and then terminate some of the bad and terrible humans within the human race. Well, that final nasty act will be performed by the Source on Judgment Day, where ever that might occur within the heavenly realm.
She smiled with a nod. "Yes, Dallas, thank you for sharing that comforting information about the captured and held wildlife animal. A cougar exhibits a tawny brown hide with a long tail similar to sweet forest deer skin hinds which are known as a false deer and referenced by the Tupi Indian word, susarana. A cougar is devoted and dedicated mother raising their independent cubs to hunt, fight, and survive as a baby carnivore, who primarily eats the meats of porcupine, deer, skunk, badger, and rabbits.”
“The human race acts sometimes like a real mountain cat. Did you see that play on the screen? Did you see that quarterback toss the ball for the …?” he cursed with the string of nasty human words at the good quarterback.
She returned back and pointed at the screen. “He possesses a set of very good skills tossing that football through the air and into the hands of that second human male. Isn't that human male called the quarterback? Are there many more of him on the single football team?”
He shook his bone skull. “Naw, doll! One good quarterback can win the football game, each and every time.” He reached over and nosily slurped on his second cold bottle of beer.
“He is very good that human male, which is called the quarterback. He’s doing a good job of pitching the football to the running back, is that correct, Dallas?” She learned and tested her new football skills against her football teacher Dallas.
“Too good of a job!” He frowned and secretly wished that he could use some his angel magic directed down at the Earth plane on top of that quarterback’s spot.
“They run around a lot...”
“... as a team of defensive demon guys. Do you see each maroon colored shirt lineman tackle all of the row of offensive guys or angel guys, who wear a white shirt trying to get that football to win the game?”
She smiled. “O! So, this is all for that little brown tinted, perfectly oval-shaped leather-coated ball. Am I right, Dallas?”
He smiled. “Do you see that, doll? The football ain’t the star. The star is the struggle, fight, and victory for all of the players on the football team, which is kinda like a huddle of heavenly angels acquiring a living soul, not a leather football bal.” She softly chuckled. Dallas nodded with a smile and then slurped on the second beer, staring at the television screen.
“I do see everything very clearly now. Thanks for the field report, sir!” She smiled.
“That's why I’m exist, doll?”
“Why are you here, Dallas?” Xambree turned and smiled at the nose profile on Dallas.
You did not play with a death angel while sitting or standing around chatting about heavenly or earthly social issues like your life force.
He turned and frowned at his friend, “Bo!”
Xambree giggled and smiled. “I’m so sorry, Dallas. My true intent isn’t to make you feel uncomfortable conversing with death acts, Dallas.” She winked at him. “Let me preface my statement with this: I am the one who scooped your soul up from the dirt floor inside an underground root cell in Birmingham, Alabama, that day. However, I am more than curious about your social relationship with faithful angel Bo, that’s all. And the odd fact that a fallen angel is never back retrieved up from Planet Earth and back here in heaven.”
He returned back and frowned at the screen with the new information, “Did Bo call you, Xambree?”
“Actually, Bo had contacted another party for that secret angel job, but that party wasn’t available, so I stepped in to help with your rescue down on the planet plane.”
He turned and gasped in shock, nodding with a smile at her. “Thanks, Xambree! I’m very grateful for the lift up from the ground, literally.”
“Well, I was only following my angel orders, if you know what I mean,” she winked with a grin.
“Actually, I suspect that I’m following some of those same angel orders, myself,” one of his eyeballs turned and stared into an empty hallway wondering if some other angel from High Command was spying on his back spine and his angel behaviors. Dallas returned back and nodded to Xambree. “But, to address your inquiry, I don’t know why the Maker has allowed my fanny back here in heaven. I’m still in the dark as these humans like to say, way too often.”
“I can relate, totally, as these Valley Girls sing off key,” she giggled.
He chuckled and viewed the game, shouting out loud, “Pow!” Dallas slapped his folded fist down into his open palm with a nod and lifted up his beer into the air using his angel telekinesis, reaching up, grabbing the wet bottle with a smile. “Now, that’s my kind of pain analysis.” He laughed at the wicked quarterback sack from the sneaky defensive lineman.
“He’s dead. Is he dead? Am I needed down there in the football game?” Xambree whipped her machine device from the hidden pocket on her angel robe into her cupped hands and looked down, reading studiously the tiny screen, shaking her curls without a dead job on Planet Earth with a deceased human bio-shell that contained a living soul.
He leaned down and stared at the screen. “Naw, doll! He got sacked by a row of mean defensive de-mans for the first time, this year,” he sniggered with his evil satisfaction and then nosily slurped, swallowing the cold beer.
She looked up and nodded with a smile at the fragile human bio-shell, “Wow! Look there! He is getting up from the ground and leaving the grassy field. Is he still hurt?”
“Naw, doll. He’ll be back as earthling Arnold paraphrases with a nasty snarl,” he laughed.
“How do you know all of that human body information is truthful fact, Dallas? The body collision had looked really nasty. Is that spilled human blood on his busted lips?” She stared at the human male football player on the screen.
“Yeah! That's the way it goes. Each maroon colored demon or defensive man wears a set of protective gear like your angel battle armor.” Dallas slapped his light blue tee shirt with his fist, since his white tinted battle vest was unzipped.
“I do see clearly now. Their maroon colored protective gear protects the human such like a warrior angel wears during a demon fight with the living soul from the dead human bio-shell.”
“Right, doll!”
Xambree turned and frowned at the nose profile on Dallas. “Should he not wear more of his protective gear to protect his fragile human bio-shell that is composed of flesh, bones, blood to avoid a death kill? Doesn’t that make more of a logical sense for a healthy human, Dallas?”
“This ain’t no blood and guts battle, Xambree. It’s a fun competitive human game of wits and strength kinda like a chess game by whacking the pieces over your opponent’s head rather than the floor,” he sniggered.
She frowned. “I don’t play a game of chess like you have described, Dallas.”
“You should play a fun game of chess with Bo, sometimes. He’s quite entertaining when Loser,” he chuckled.
She returned back and stared at the screen, “Is that quarterback resting from his bloody body collision with all of these mean demans? Will he miss the rest of the football game?”
He exhaled with annoyance, “I wish so hard and hope my wet dream comes true, right now, today, and for the rest of my eternal life. Jake is a healthy human athletic, as well as, a great football quarterback.”
“Do you know this particular human, who is named Jake? Are you friends with that talented quarterback, Dallas?”
Dallas turned and winked at Xambree while chuckling at her girly reactions. “Don’t get excited there, doll! His name is repeated over and over in the football game. When the football player does a great football job on the field like tossing the football for numerous touchdowns, every human and some angel knows your name.”
“O! I am sorry, Dallas. I’m still learning about the football game rule.” She stared with a stern face at the screen. “What is happening in the game now? There are more maroon colored demans coming onto the grass. Why is that?”
He chuckled with his newly invented creative nickname of "deman" that represented each evil Birmingham State University football player and returned back, viewing the screen. “They’re going to kick the football in the air which hopefully will go through the two yellow tall poles for more math points on the scoreboard.”
“O! Kick the football to where, up towards Earth's moon? That is the only outer space object in the atmosphere for measuring any great galactic distance from the Earth plane.”
He smiled at her cute, childish explanation of a field goal. “Naw, doll! The football kicker will kick the football in the air and through the two yellow tinted tall goal posts. Do you see the two yellow tinted and vertical poles in the background?”
“Yes.”
He pointed at the screen with a stern face. “Each yellow tinted and vertical pole is called a goal post. The football kicker is going to launch the football between the two tall yellow tinted posts for more numeric mathematical numbers adding to the grand score and then winning the football game. Shoot for the wrong team!”
The announcer shouted out loud from the hidden speaker on the television screen. “Kick is good. The kick is good. The Birmingham State University or Bam U Cougars win their football game today ...”
Xambree nodded with a smile at the screen, “I completely understand now. That football team is very good. The football team  has won their competitive football game with the most numbers on the lighted board of pretty lights and now the team is the champs of …”
“... football …” He shook his bone skull with a sour frown. “No! No! No! Not by a long shot, Xambree. This particular football college team has to play my awesome college team for the annual National College Championship in Football. My football team is the bestest, the greatest…”
“However, on your football team, your kicker is bloody and injured.” She nodded.
“Naw, doll!”
She pointed with a nod at the screen. “You are incorrect, Dallas! I saw the field goal play with my pair of accurate vision on this electronic television screen, when your favored football team’s kicker had received that seriously body injury from that nasty defensive tackle and then missed kicking the football through the twin T-shaped yellow tinted goal posts when he had been vicious sacked by that strong defensive evil deman on the defensive line.”
Dallas turned and frowned at Xambree. “Yeah, you got it, kid! You completely understand the bloody and competitive game of football, Xambree. Congrats!”
“I was taught by the best angel here in heaven,.” Xambree turned and winked at Dallas.
“I won’t argue with that true statement, doll.” He returned back with a smile and watched the screen, sipping the beer.
She returned back and pointed at the screen with a smile. “Wow! Look there, Dallas. He’s alive!”
He frowned. “Are you referencing human male Jake? Yeah, he only got the wind knocked out of his two healthy lungs, unfortunately.”
She turned and frowned at the nose profile on Dallas. “Do you want human male Jake, the talented quarterback dead, Dallas?”
He turned and winked at her. “Are you going rouge now, doll?”
She shook her silver tinted curls. “No! There is no chance of that every happening, Dallas. I would be labeled as a Crimson Tail or worse. I am curious about your evil sentence.”
He returned back and laughed at the screen. “Jake and his red tinted demans and my great football team of pure white tinted angels are going onto the grassy battle field next week for the greatest college football championship. I want my team to win, but like you observantly pointed out my kicker is injured giving the team of nasty demans a much better advantage to win the final endgame. Now, if young human Jake, who is a great and talented quarterback and no doubt there at tossing the ball, was kinda, sorta hurt on his person and not get killed, mind you, but becomes hurt and could not play football, then my bestest and greatest football team would most assuredly win the National College Football Championship of the world,” he laughed with a nod.
She frowned. “That’s unfair and seems unethical, to me, Dallas. I wish no harm to come to another player on any competing sports team just to win by cheating with un-worthiness.” Xambree enjoyed lecturing with her heavenly values to a returned home fallen angel with only greedy and selfish earthly traits.
“Yeah, me and he hold a human trait!” Dallas smiled.
She nodded. “Ah! You had lived one hundred years of age as a human and with the human race. All of the nasty human habits, behaviors, and exhibitions have been burned deeply down into your living soul and angel flesh of bones and blood.”
He laughed. "Those set of nasty human traits are flowing through all of my 'deman' veins.” Dallas sipped and then swallowed the cold beer.
She turned and frowned at him, “I beg your pardon, Dallas!”
“Xambree, you’re correct. My statement was a cheating unworthiness reaction,” he turned and lifted up four fingers like an Nature Boy. “I promise that I do not wish human male Jake to become bodily hurt. I’ll accept defeat with worthy, if my human football team can’t win the National University Football Championship. How’s that sound to your angel eardrums and your deather emotions, Xambree?”
“Your are worthy, now, Dallas,” she nodded with a smile.
“Thanks, doll!” He nodded with a smile and returned back, wiggling his index finger at the screen.
The announcer shouted out loud from the hidden speaker on the screen “Folks, I feel it is too hard to pick a winner on next week for the Championship Game with the Birmingham University’s long kicker out for the season and Quarterback Jake Gunter plowing his Bam U Cougars to another solid game victory. I predict both teams are evenly matched. This National University Championship Football Game is going to be won by a single field goal.” Dallas cursed with a string of nasty human words at the innocent human-made television screen with the terrible football news.
“What’s wrong, now, Dallas?” She frowned at the screen.
He exhaled with disappointment, “Sanderson is out of commission for the playoff championship game. Burn U needs another long kicker to win the playoff championship game, if the final game of the year must be won by a single field goal like the announcer just predicted.”
“Can’t another human player go and kick the football?”
“Naw, doll! A football game kicker is special. Each kicker has a pair of great legs used to hit that football in a far mathematical distance. The kicker is almost like an angel,” he turned and examined her long legs with an evil laugh. Each death angel possessed a tall body frame with strong bones and limbs and a pair of long legs and other beautiful heavenly body parts, so the deather did not scare a frightened or stunned living soul with their physical presence at the human death act.
“We have a gang of angels within the battle field playing and protecting each human down on Planet Earth, Dallas?” Xambree studied the football field and tried to identify some of the heavenly angels down there on top of the grass or in the bleacher stands or next to a human bio-shell or underneath the bleacher stands.
He sniggered. “No, Xambree! I meant a human football kicker. A human football kicker has to practice for a long time starting out as a little human kid around the age of four years of age while kicking the football through the two tall goal posts. No one can just kick a football that high and win the championship game, except for …”
She gasped in alarm and turned to view Dallas, “Except for who?”
“Me!" Dallas laughed and nodded with a smile. "If I was there living within the US State of Alabama, then I could become my team’s kicker just for this one football game while guaranteeing the championship victory,” he chuckled with amusement.
She frowned. “Can you really perform that human feat?”
He slapped his chest with a nod. “Well, yeah, of course! If I was living back down there as a human male, but I am living back up here in heaven as an angel-on-probation and I can’t waltz my body back down onto the Earth plane, without my angel landlord Bo attacking my …” His eyeball turned and viewed an empty hallway and as he exhaled with frustration. Dallas returned back and frowned at the screen with disappointment. “Yeah, I can’t. I guess my awesome great favorite football team has gotta find a human replacement kicker which is not me.”
“You just explained that no other human kicker is available for the football position and the job of winning the championship game.” She frowned.
“Well, the coach, the older human male that leads the football team to loss or victory will be testing out a set of new human football kickers and find a proper human replacement for the injured Sanderson. Someone that can kick a football that far or further through the two tall yellow tinted goal posts.”
She turned and stared the screen, studying the football field parameters. “How far in mathematical distance does it require to kick that football through the two upright yellow tinted goal posts?”
“The football field is 120 yards long and includes ten yards with two separate end zones making the total length of 360 feet by 53.3 yards wide or 160 feet across the manicured green tinted grass. Each tall yellow tinted goal post stands upright at 18 feet high and 60 inches wide. The field goal range for a kicker is 17 yards in mathematical distance from the line of scrimmage to the goal line which includes one of the ten yards on the end zone. The holder on the football stands seven yards from the line of scrimmage and away from that nasty line of growling defenders from the opposite team that wants to cream the kicker and steal away the football. So, an average field goal is 47 yards away from the twin upright yellow tinted goal posts. Does that answer your question, Xambree?”
“Is that easy to do, kick the ball from 47 yards away from the twin goal posts, Dallas?”
He nodded. “For me, yeah, it's a hot summer breeze...”
“…with your angel magic...”
"Okay, doll!" He smiled at her brilliant deduction, after Xambree had been watching the football game for the first time in her young angel life.
You cannot fool a death angel, even in life.
He nodded at the screen. "You win the debate with your angelic magic, sweetheart,” he sipped the beer.
She continued to stare at active football game on the screen. “Dallas, that quarterback, the one on the screen, the one who is named Jake, will he and his team of red demans play in the championship football game against your favored football team of angel guys?”
“Most definitely, my team and his deman team will do it again,” he laughed and then slurped the beer.
“Can he, is he nice to each one of your football team’s players without hitting and fighting like a gang of real nasty red tinted demons?”
He nods. “Yes, Xambree! When not hitting a growling human body, purposefully, during the active football game, each college human player is a social creature, such like, a doggie or a kitty cat, doll. Each football player performs a civilized handshake, right after the end of the game for good sportsmanship. Now, if I had lost the championship game, then I would plow my fist right through Jake’s …”
“Dallas!”
He laughed. “I am sorry again; I am utilizing my vivid human imagination, Xambree,” he slurped the beer and burped out loud with a smile, wiggling a free finger at the empty bottle. The beer bottle disappeared from his cupped hand and then landed back down in the same kitchen setting with the busy group of angels-in-waiting at the human house, cleaning the trash from the counters. He wasn't worried about a tattle tale angel as one did not exist within the heavenly realm.
He smiled and continued to view the television screen with the active football game. Then Xambree swiftly stood upright from the seat and looked down reading her beeping machine inside her cupped hands in silence. He turned and frowned at her sudden movement, “What’s wrong, doll?”
“My job!”
“In the democracy of the dead, all men and women at last are equal.” Dallas proclaimed and then chuckled returning back to see the screen.
“Brilliant, Dallas!” Xambree spun around with a stern face and faced the open archway, starting her work, strolling from the tiny lounge room into a busy hallway.
“That’s me!” He slapped his chest with laughter.
A loud voice invaded the tiny lounge room and ordered to the angel-on-probation. “Harp lessons, Dallas!”
Dallas slowly stood upright from the soft cushion and softly cursed out with a string of nasty human words, spinning around, slowly exiting the room for his eternal punishment, until the Source had decided otherwise with his butthole. He muttered with a sneer, "Until kingdom come..."
On Planet Earth, seven days later...


Sunday, November 24th


City of Mountain Brook within the US State Alabama
Full moon beams with parted clouds and cold temperatures
06:06 pm

Gunter Manor location
33 Vine Street
Banquet and dance hall setting


The city of Mountain Brook had been established in the year 1942 and created a Council-Manager city government in the year 1942. The mayor served as the head of the city. The Mountain Brook city council served a legislative body that represented the community with a present half of the council members attending a social function on Saturday night.
Each council member gulped down the free flowing champagne from a crystal fluted glass while standing or sitting inside an elegant banquet and dance hall that easily served one hundred-fifty individual inside the grand Gunter Manor. Each guest had heard the grand announcement regarding the upcoming marriage engagement of twenty-two years old Jake Gunter to twenty-one years old Praelle Bramlett, which will occur next upcoming year in the month of June. Now, the young engaged couple slowly scooted from the center of the room, after hearing the subtle cheers and a few loud curse words coming from Jake's college friends and then stopped, standing in front of the long tables of empty chairs and empty dishes.
The banquet and dance hall was a squared-shaped setting with four walls consisting of hall golden tinted glittering paint on the bottom and wallpaper of tan hue with individual vertical lines of wiggling golden vine with an array of tiny white tinted flower buds. the ceiling was comprised of golden tinted wooden planks with an array of tiny lighted lamps in crystal teardrop shapes. The dance floor displayed blonde wooden planks. The room setting was enclosed without a single glass window showing off the nightly bright stars or the daily bright sunrays.
On each side but the entrance wall, a long table stood with rows of dining room chairs and an individual china plate setting in ivory hue with golden trim. A row with a posed yellow tinted fake cougar stood in the middle of the table five feet apart as one of numerous centerpieces. The tables were covered in a white tinted lace tablecloth.
Each formal gown wildly danced and as and each pair of leathers quickly waltzed over the blonde tinted wooden dance floor to the loud rock and roll musical song coming from the live band members inside the entrance wall corner and out of the way.
In front of the yellow tinted long lace-covered table with a row of empty chairs and empty dishes, the paid catering employees slowly delivered a salad plate on top of each platter for the invited guests.
Jake reached up and jerked his index finger at the violet tinted bowtie suffocating his esophagus during his father's marriage engagement speech, wiping his wet hand from a sweating champagne glass onto the tulip-shaped bowtie and smiled at his fiancé pretty Praelle Bramlett. He measured six feet and six inches in height with a pair of brown eyeballs, brown colored cropped hair, and a tone of peachy-pale skin. 
Praelle displayed a head of artificially colored shoulder lengthy blonde colored hair as her true hair roots were turning into black hue like her cold heart. She measured five feet and eight inches in height with a pair of aqua eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin. She wore a similar ball gown like the other pre-teen, teenagers, young, mature, and elder females while attending her engagement social gala. Her ball gown was designed with a white tinted tulle skirt of three tiers in stiff ruffles, where an array of scattered tiny violet-colored tulip-shaded individual beaded accent had been slapped on by a forest of stupid jungle monkeys. Her upper body displayed a shoulder-less lavender tinted satin top that matched his jacket and a wide lavender colored sash around her tiny waist. A gigantic borrowed string of diamonds occupied her pale colored naked throat along with a pair of matching teardrop-shaped diamond earrings. Her shoulder-length blonde colored hair was pinned up in a tight bun like a shiny tiara over her bone skull with a bunch of tiny live violet flowers smashed down into her fake honey blonde hair roots. Her pair of natural lips and ten fingernails were painted in a Seaside Coral tone.
The other invited female guests wore one of numerous styles dresses, a rainbow tinted tulle fabric on a long plantation skirt or a gathered pick-up satin and lace skirt or a sexy silk mermaid silhouette with beads, making the young teens appear sweet, sophisticated, or sexy.
In front of the long table, the mayor of Mountain Brook appeared with a smile and a bottle of beer in one hand, slapping the back spine on Jake with the other hand.
The glass of champagne violently reacted to the friendly attack and overflowed down on the naked hand on Jake, then drowned some of the lavender fabric on his sissy jacket, and then finally splattered silently down on top of the blonde tinted dance floor. “Bam Me, boy!” He shouted out loud the famous war cry for the Birmingham State University Cougars. "We're looking good, son. We got this championship game all wrapped up, if you can bury that slow-moving single line Steel Bolt back down into the red clay, like you did yesterday with these catty Florida Panthers football team, Jake.”
“Yes, sir.” Jake stared at the dancing couples and nodded with a fake smile, wiping the spilled wet champagne droplets from his naked hand and his jacket down onto the floor.
Praelle stood beside her fiancé and turned with a sour frown, viewing the nose profile on Jake, stomping one of her lavender tinted summer heels. The ankle-length skirt rotated side to side with the foot collision. “Pooh! There will be no whisper or talk of football games or plays or strategies here at my engagement party.”
The mayor with gray tinted cropped hair, a tone of suntanned skin, and a pair of hazel colored eyeballs was overweight and turned to wink with a smile at the young college student. “That’s the only true news around the town, young lady. Bam U Cougars is the number one college football team in the world.”
“This is my…” she swiftly glided behind Jake from the sniffing predator.
“Jim, get down!” Jake leaned down with a smile and patted, snatching the warm skin on his long-time best friend, a Blue tick Coonhound canine breed, which was known passionately to all canine fanciers as a coon dog. 
“Ah! Woo!” Jim howls out loud approvingly at Praelle.
“Thanks, Jim!” Jake smiled and provided more hand strokes on the glossy, coarse black tinted doggie forehead.
The body frame measures 27 inches in height and 75 pounds in weight and the body skin hue appears like a mischievous toddler had splattered streaks of black paint over a white background while giving the illusion of a dark blue coat on the dog’s fur. The black color dominates its bone skull and both of its floppy ears with a set of tan colored dots over both of its eyelids while making for one ugly, purebred mongrel. 
Each paw displays a cat-like shape with a set of well-arched toenails. Each rear leg bends at its hocks for both high jumping and speed-chasing rabbit or treeing an opossum for fun or sporting a fowl game inside the lush Alabama green tinted woodlands.
The coon hound breed is very gentle with children and serves as a loyal loving pet to its master or mistress. Each dog possesses a highly intelligent brain with an uncanny knack for problem-solving. Each canine is an excellent companion with the family unit and greets each friendly dog or unknown stranger with a signature loud howl and a wet sniff, until its two nose holes are fully satisfied with the help or the harm.
And a coon hound dog breed also drool, occasionally.
In front of the long table, the mayor leaned down with a smile and stroked the soft fur on the dog. “A coonie is sensitive to smells, young lady.”
“I beg your pardon!” Praelle sneered at the dog and struck the empty air waves with her hand of manicured lavender tinted fingernails down at the dog that continued to sniff at one of the her hand-sewn beaded patches on her princess ball gown. She had doused her body and her princess gown with her favorite perfume of lavender senses that matched the theme of her engagement party.
Jake handed the mayor his used drink and plowed both of his hands down, tugging on the dog collar, slowly shuffling the dog away from Praelle, before someone became hurt and it was not going to become his dog Jimbo. He continued to smile down at his dog, “Your perfume! Jim likes the smell of your floral perfume, Praelle.” One of the waiters appeared and offered a second pair of hands with Jim, slowly dragging the family pet from the engagement party into the kitchen space for a doggie treat.
Praelle stood in place and smoothed down her princess dress with a pair of nervous hands, pulling beside Jake, sneering at his nose profile. “Why is that thing here and what is that thing doing at my …”
“Praelle," Jake stood upright and wiped his dirty hands on the sissy jacket, nodding with a smile. "Could you go and please ask my dad to request a slow dance musical song, only for us, only for our only engagement party, honey?”
She smiled and lifted up standing on her tippy toes, lightly pecking one of his smooth  cheekbones with her pair of coral tinted painted lips, pulling back with a wink. “I will do anything for you, sweet cakes.” She gracefully strolled ahead toward Mr. and Mrs. Gunter who were chatting in far wall corner within a huddle of other guests on the opposite side of the room.
The mayor turned with a smile and watched the back spine on a waddling Praelle. “I see that you have mastered the technique of a southern belle, Jake.”
Jake reached down and whipped out the cloth from the jacket pocket, slowly wiping off the bright coral lipstick mark from his smeared cheekbone, watching Praelle also. He smiled. “Not hard, just frequent!”
He laughed. “And how hard will it be to defeat the Burn U Steel Bolt?”
“Easy, just once.” He dropped the cloth and wiped both of his dirty hands, replacing the used item back into the jacket pocket, scanning the crowded room.
One of the paid waiter appeared in front of the mayor and Jake offering a glass of champagne or a bottle of cold beer. The mayor dropped both used beverages on top of the hand-held tray, grabbing a new cold beer with a nod to the waiter. Jake did not retrieve a beverage and watched Praelle, who waddled with his mother over to the live band musicians for a new slow dancing musical song for the engaged couple.
The elderly Gunter with a head of grayish-brown hair, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of brown appeared and joined the huddle with Jake and the mayor. The mayor smiled at his long-time friend of Mountain Brook community. “Hugh, this is a very nice engagement party. Thanks for the invitation! What do you think about your boy?”
Hugh held a cold bottle of beer and smiled at the mayor. “I'm very glad to hear that you’re enjoying yourself at our engagement social, Mayor. I don’t want to brag here, but Jake will receive the Outstanding College Football Player trophy on Saturday night and he will become the first professional football player pick in the draft next spring as a professional football quarterback. I’m hoping for …”
“Dad!” Jake exhaled with annoyance and shook his bone skull with the embarrassment.
Hugh held up his palm and smiled at his son. “I know. I know. I know we must first beat the snot outta of the number two ranked Burn U football team and then we will become crowned the National University Football Champs as Jake’s professional future explodes towards the Professional Football League.”
The mayor laughed with a nod. “That was a terrible break for the Burn U Steel Bolt losing their long field kicker. But it's a very good football game advantage for us. You didn’t have anything to do with that bizarre broken leg accident on that young boy, did ya, Hugh?” He sipped and then swallowed the beer.
Harold slapped his chest with a nod. “I confess here. Yeah, I did it. I was really targeting their star quarterback. I should’ve paid those dirty assailants more money.”
Jake rolled his eyeballs and returned back, scanning the room for any spies. “Dad, please don’t start any football rumors here and now.”
The mayor reached over and slapped the back spine on Jake again, laughing out loud with a smile. “Our conversation is protected by the First Amendment to the US Constitution of America which is freedom of any speech but a plotted murder, my boy. You can say anything out loud and with laughter as long as you are innocent. I’m surprised Jake got off for the night, Harold. Doesn’t the Bam U coach lock up all of his active football players inside that massive football dormitory that dominates the pale blue skyline here in Birmingham keeping them away from any and all vamping vile and vicious college females that roam the campus and the streets?”
“Quiet correct, Mayor! But I had worked out an agreement with the coach providing Jake and some of his senior football players a very special accommodation for this weekend, after that spectacular football game win yesterday. The superstar quarterback needs lots of rest and relaxation before the big game on Saturday afternoon. He returns later in the week for the final practice.” Hugh reached over and slapped the bicep on Jake.
Praelle appeared and busted her upright body in-between Hugh and Jake, reaching out, tugging on Jake’s jacket with a smile. “The band is playing a slow-moving dance. So, it is time for our dance, sweet cakes.” She spun around and slid her hand down into Jake's, heading into the dance floor with a smile.
“She’s a spitfire, Hugh,” the mayor nodded with a smile at Praelle watching the young couple start a slow dance motion on top of the floor.
Hugh spun around with a smile and watched his son and his fiancé dance. “We love Praelle, greatly. She is a pretty girl and will be a strong supportive professional football player wife during Jake’s sports career as a professional football quarterback.”
“So, who’s going to run your business company then?”
Hugh stared at his son and slapped his chest with a smile. “Well, I’m still the boss for another eight or nine years. Then I’ll hand the reins over to Jake, since football is his first love.”
The mayor laughed and nodded to the dancing couple. “He’s a lucky kid.”
“Jake is a talented kid. And he will prove it next week against the Birmingham University Steel Bolt and then single-handedly win the National University Football Championship football title for us, once again.”
"Amen!" The mayor leaned over and gently clinked his bottle of beer against the other bottle of beer with Hugh while they both laughed out loud with the upcoming victory.
On top of the dance floor, Jake stood in front of Praelle and held her hands for the slow dancing waltz, staring into her eyeballs with a stern face, “Praelle.”
“Hold me closer, Jake! Or does my breathe stink into your face?” Praelle scoots closer to into his heated body with a smirk.
He shuffled both of his hands down and placed them around her tiny waistline. She reached up and posed her finger tickling the nape of his neck. He slowly swayed side to side with the beat of the musical song still staring into her face. “I wanna ask …”
She smiled. “What do you wanna ask me, darling?”
“I’m graduating in the month of May with my college degree in Finance while finishing up five, long, boring years of college. I think. I thought, maybe, we could settle down here in Birmingham and …”
“I’m not.”
He frowned. “Do you not wanna come back and settle down here in our birth place, Praelle?”
“I’m not graduating in the month of May.”
“Yeah!” He nodded. “We both will graduate in the month of May with an individual college degree while finishing Birmingham State University.”
“O! I guess that I forgot to mention this. I haven’t quite finished all my academic college courses for my fashion design college degree.”
He frowned. “What do you mean? You are not finished. We have both been in school for five…”
She pouted with a pair of coral tinted lips and then frowned. “Jake, all of those academic college classes are hard for me. I’m not a brain like you and I didn't make good grades like you.”
“I still don’t understand, Praelle.”
“I can’t finish all my classes by the month of May, but I'll standing in front of the stage platform while you are getting your college diploma. I’ll be waiting and clapping but not graduating with you, honey.”
“You can wrap up all of your missing courses here in Birmingham during the summer months and then graduate with your college degree.”
She shook her blonde bun. “We’ll be married. You’ll be training as a professional football quarterback in some other city here in the USA.”
He nodded with a smile. “I agree that’s the plan. But I wanted to talk to you about the topic of football.”
She smiled and bounced up and down on her sandaled feet. “I’m so excited, honey. You will become the famous quarterback for the Professional Football League and I will become your famous beautiful wife. We’ll have so much fun, after you marry and start our new married life together, sweetheart. My face will appear on the television screen all the time while waving at you on the football, Jake. I’m so excited, sweet cakes.”
He cleared a tight throat and stared at her without bouncing up and down. “Praelle, I might not wanna play for the Professional Football League, after five long, hard boring years of college football.”
She gasped in shock, “Why, not? This your lifetime dream, your professional goal, your only purpose in life.”
He exhaled with frustration, “I might be a wanting to do something a little different.”
She reached up and pawned the diamond necklace, which a bad habit, when she heard a set of bad news. “Like what? What else can you do for a living while we are married and needing a house and two new cars and rooms of furniture, Jake?”
He smiled at her sour frown, “Well, I will graduate college and work for my father at his company as a young administrator and then learn all about the pharmaceutical industry starting from the bottom and then work my way up, before I finally become president …”
Praelle stopped her dance steps and burst into tears of frustration, whispering with worry. “Why, Jake? Why are spoiling my life too? We both have dreamed about you being a famous professional football quarterback and I would be your famous wife of a famous professional quarterback by your rib cage throughout your famous career …”
“Praelle, these had been some of my other thoughts, a set of wild and crazy thoughts.”
She wiped some of the tears from her two wet cheekbones and frowned at his evil actions. “You dare to think your wild and crazy thoughts here at our only engagement party. You dare to think of all these silly things like this, now, as we dance and in front of our friends and family relatives…”
“I’m sorry. You’re right! I’m wrong. This is our engagement party.” He hugged her body and frowned with his disappointment, staring at the far wall, slowly spinning them around in a tiny circle. He whispered into her eardrum. “Please, forgive me!”
She swiftly pulled back from his hug and wiped the rest of her wet tears, smiling at Jake, “You’re forgiven, sweet cakes.” Praelle leaned down and kissed his lips while Jakes moaned helplessly.
One week and one work day later...


Monday, December 2th


City of Birmingham
Sunny with parted clouds and 58ºF

Birmingham University campus
Burn U practice football field
11:11 am


Within the great State of Alabama, there exists two great universities, each with a super powerful football team. One of the public post-graduation institutions is the Birmingham University campus or nicknamed as the Burn U Steel Bolt.
Birmingham University campus is located on the edge of the city in-between busy roadways and active private businesses. Burn U is a public school, where any eighteen year old high school graduate can attend and it is the oldest public university in the state. Burn U had been established in the year 1820, which was one year, after the birth of the US State of Alabama within the newbie United States of America.
College bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees include art, computers, finance, education, mathematics, anthropology, communication, engineering, music theory, Romance languages, social work, paranormal studies, alien theory, and other courses.
The campus hosts the School of Law for any future legal lawyers out there.
Over 50,000 students attend Burn U strolling over grassy hilltops and hard walkways that encompass 2,000 acres of grass, steel, and concrete, wearing the college colors of maroon and white, greeting the college mascot, Steel Bolt, during the social hour, which begin at 01:01:01 am and lasts until 12:59:59 pm every day and night for continuous college fun.
Historically, each campus building was burnt down during the Civil War Between the States in the month of April, in the year 1864 and then re-built into the great Birmingham University, where the slightly ugly, reddish-brown tinted brick is patented exclusively for Burn U.

Currently, the team of football players wore either a solid white or maroon colored jersey with their individual football number in rich black hue and slowly jogged around a manicured grass field while numerous flying footballs were being swiftly passed back and forth in the air with a set of loud obnoxious voices shouting at each other. The team of players stopped and exhaled with heavy breathes of sour air, removing the football helmet, staring at the assistant coach for the next set of instructions.
“Shave it off, Sly!” The assistant coach with a head of cropped blonde hair, a tone of dark skin, and a pair of dark eyeballs pointed at a brown tinted goatee that covered half of the football player’s face, displaying a pair of dark walking shorts, a Bam U tee shirt, and a pair of black tinted athletic shoes.
“Part of my ‘sly like a fox’ personality, coach.” The football player was named Sylvester and smiled at the coach wearing a tone of pale skin, a head of sweaty light tinted brown hair, and a pair of light eyeballs..
A taller football player with shoulder length blonde hair, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of hazel eyeballs reached over and slapped Sly on the cheekbone while laughing out loud, “He needs it to mop up all his mouth drool, Coach.” He laughed with the other players.
“Shave it off, Sly.” The head coach wore a head of gray tinted hair, a tone of dark skin, and a pair of gray colored eyeballs nodded and parked both fists down on his fit waistline, displaying a pair of dark walking shorts, a Bam U tee shirt, and a pair of black tinted athletic shoes.
“Yes, sir, Coach.” Sly nodded with a sad face.
In front of one of the numerous entrance gates that lead into the game stadium at the Birmingham University campus, death angel Xambree appeared actually coming down from heaven and wore a black colored tee shirt, a matching pair of black tinted shorts, and a pair of matching black colored athletic sneakers. Her long curly silver tinted hair was folded into a loose ponytail. She slowly strolled and scanned the human-made building and players, stepping onto the grassy field with both her of hands behind the small of her back spine and then stopped with a smile and stood beside one of the other assistance coaches. She yelled out loud over the set of loud whistles and shouts from the other assistant coaches. “Hello! My name is Xambree. I’m a long field kicker.”
The blonde haired assistance coach heard the loud yell and spun around, gasping at the female on top of the practice game field with confusion and mystery.
Xambree measured six feet and five inches in height which was average height for a deather as each deather required both great height and mighty strength to carry a living soul from the dead human bio-shell and then ascend up into heaven. She possessed a set of slender limbs, long elegant fingers and toe bones. Her skin complexion was a golden hue complimenting her silver tinted long curly hair with a pair matching silver eyes, without the eerie swirling effect which had been the newest compliments from her dad Azrael for her new angel assignment.
A death angel was not a scary stereotypes that had been depicted by a group of silly earthlings from one of the human art classes at the church Sunday school. A deather was not a multi-colored ragged haggard with a wide brim hat carrying a dull knife or clothed in a set of bloody dark garments with a single sharp scythe. And each death angel did not ride on top of a unicorn or a winged horse while whipping around a loose cords of ropes or dragging a death wagon on  a set of creaking axles.
A death angel utilized the newest human-made electronic devise which was called a mobile telephone that displayed each human name that was highlighted in red hue for a dead bio-shell, instead a stack of stone tablets that had been used by her dad from centuries ago.
A single living soul weighs 21 grams inside a slinky blue tinted blue format without the human long limbs or a pair of eyeballs or the veins of wet blood, or the miles of soft flesh or the tons of hard bones which fit nicely down inside a soft black tinted briefcase that was used by a deather for depositing the living soul down into the one of the Sanitation stations which was located inside heaven and near the waterfall.
A death angel also possessed the ability to transform the slinky blue blob into an outline of human shape while escorting an upright blue tinted soul up into heaven. However, this was an extremely dangerously option and not particularly used on any occasion, unless the outline of the human soul was accompanied by numerous death angel that provided blocking and attacking soul and angel protection.
A deather did not find any difficulty toting the small amount of weight inside their death angel briefcase, instead their mighty strength and special death angel abilities were utilized to defend against their natural foe, a pesky Crimson Tail.
A Crimson Tail had been created by the Source but turned from the good light and obeyed the darkness, becoming one of Satan’s demons by fighting against a heavenly guardian angel or a life angel that carried the living soul down from the heavenly nursery.
When a guardian angel failed their angel assignment guarding a life angel and the living soul, their soul died and then disintegrated into nothingness become part of the cosmic.
On the successful Crimson Tail, the bottom tip on their pure white feathers drunk up the spilled blood on the dead life angel and guardian angel and then turned into a blood red crimson color hue that beautifully clashed against the rest of their pure white feather.
The lean strong arm biceps and a pair of tall muscular legs provided a death angel with total advantage in a sword duel against the Crimson Tail during the ascension flight or the bloody fight.
The group of other assistance coaches in similar black tinted pair of walking shorts, a Bam U tee shirt, and a pair of black tinted athletic shoes stopped the practice activity and then spun around with curiosity, staring at a tall pretty female on top of the field, dashing ahead and stopped, standing around the blonde-haired assistance coach.
The blonde-haired assistance coach continued to stand and stared at the tall female with a confused brow, reaching up, scratched his sweaty hairy skull underneath the football cap. Then he reached up and scratched the wedge inside his walking shorts, lifting his arm, pointing the same finger at Xambree. “Are you really a long kicker for another football team?”
The rest of the football players stopped their practice activity and stood upright, spinning around with a smile, racing ahead to see the pretty female on top of the grassy field. Each one surrounded Xambree and the huddle of assistance coaches.
The head coach looked up from the computer tablet and gasped in shock at the empty football field, spinning around, staring at a tall female on top of the manicured grass. He strutted ahead with fighting fury. One of the senior and star football players had allowed his college girlfriend access to the locked gate and had entered the field messing up the football  practice.
The head coach burst through the huddle of players and coaches, standing beside the first assistant coach, snarling at Xambree.
“Yes, sir! I had heard that your football team needed a long field kicker for the upcoming playoff championship game on Saturday afternoon. And I am enrolled here at Bam U as a student. And I can kick a football in the air and through the target, sir.” Xambree rocked back and forth exhibiting the stimulated nervous energy like a college girl, where she was not nervous but completing her angel assignment down here on Planet Earth within the State of Alabama.
One of the tall and large football players smiled and pointed at Xambree. “She’s a girl.”
A second assistance coach with black hair and red skin smiled at Xambree. “She’s a tall girl with good muscle tone.”
Sly pointed with a wink at Xambree. “O! I see that and I know that, because good muscle tone contains two individual soft, fleshy things of muscle that I like to touch and feel and taste.” 
"Shut it, Sly! And shave off that facial hair tonight!" The blonde haired assistance coach yelled again at the young football player.
A death angel was not ugly, stupid, or lean as their set of muscles bulged lovely on each arm, leg, and chest with a pair of ample breasts on a female and a row of ripped biceps on a male.
The head coach turned and nodded to the blonde haired assistance coach, “Is there a college field regulation against a female football player playing in Division I college football game?”
“No, sir!” The second assistance coach with black hair and red skin shook his cap and continued to smile at Xambree.
A second football player shorter than Sly with red hair and pink skin laughed. “O Let me guess here! You used to be a soccer queen on an amateur but competitive soccer club team, when a disaster happened to your body. You broke your ankle and now you can never play the sports of soccer again.”
“I received a complete tear of my right quadriceps muscle.” Xambree winked at the smart football. She had reviewed and read for the perfect sports excuse by using the human-made interact system, researching all type of football body injuries while attempting to become the newest long kicker for the Birmingham University Steel Bolt football team.
A tall and slender football player with brown hair and hazel eyeballs sneered and pointed towards the grand bleachers, shouting out loud with laughter at Xambree. “Cheerleaders are beyond the bleachers practicing right now and that way, honey bell!” Some of the other players laughed with their friend.
The head coach stared with curiosity at Xambree. “What do you know about Division I college football games and plays, kiddo?” 
"Coach! Sir, do you really mean to evaluate a female for the Burn U football team today, right now?" The blonde-haired assistant coach sneered at Xambree.
"I mean to find out about her knowledge of Division I college football." He nodded to the disguised death angel. 
Sylvester tilted his goatee and winked at Xambree. “She’s a pretty one like all of these marching band majorettes. Can she twirl a baton? She can join and become part of the Burn U marching band. I like the row of majorettes. They’re pretty and friendly and pretty and...”
Xambree nodded with a smile and jabbed a finger at the field. “The field distance is 100 yards long with ten yards for each end zone which is a total of 120 yards or 360 feet wide and 160 feet or 53.3 yards across the field. The twin goal posts at the back of each end zone measures 18 feet high and 60 inches wide with six foot line borders marking the back of each end zone. The game field numbers on top of the manicured grass is six inches high and four inches wide. The college restraining line is six feet from each sideline. The set of football team benches is placed along the college restraining line in-between 30 yard marker. The dimensions of leather football contains a short circumference of 20 and ¾ inches by 21 and ¼ inches with a long circumference of 27 and ¾ inches by 28 and ½ inches and weighs 15 ounces,” she turned and winked at Sylvester.
“She’s smart.” A third football player with black hair and pale skin nodded with a smile at Xambree.
“But, can she kick a football?” A fourth football player with blonde hair and dark skin sneered at the death angel.
A third assistant coach with red hair and pale skin turned and frowned at the fourth football player. “Can you quote those field and football stats, player?”
“Uh!” The player turned and gasped at the football coach.
A fourth assistant coach with blackish-gray hair and dark skin nodded with a smile to Xambree. “Give the kid a chance, Coach!”
The head coach exhaled with frustration after losing his long kicker and did not have a replacement kicker for the upcoming championship playoff game on Saturday afternoon within five more days. He was open to any new ideas, even with a female long kicker, nodding with a stern face to Xambree. “Center, get out there on the thirty yard line and take a football stance to toss back a field goal score to the new long field kicker.”
"Yes sir!" The Center football player with red hair and blue eyes back stepped from the rows of football players and spun around with a sneer of annoyance, dashing ahead into the middle of the field, stopping and then slid down into his center stance while carrying the football. He waited for the coach, the quarterback, and the new girl, staring down at the ground.
The head coach back stepped and spun around strolling ahead towards the stationary center football player and then stopped, standing a several feet from the tryout kicker position. The huddle of assistance coaches and the rest of the football players spun round and shuffled ahead, standing behind the head coach, staring at the commotion.
The backup quarterback with black hair and olive skin dashed ahead and stopped, squatting down on the grass to catch and then hold the upright football on top of the ground for the kicker to kick through the twin goal posts.
The head coach jabbed a finger at the center on the ground. “Okay, kiddo! Come over here and stand a few feet behind the football and show me what you got.” On the sideline, Xambree strolled ahead with a smile and stopped seven yards from the center football player. The head coach nodded. “The holder is squatting down a few feet from the Center football player. The Center will hike the ball from the line of scrimmage into the hands of the quarterback. Then the quarterback will catch and place the  ball down on the ground. Then you plow your foot into that upright football and we watch the ball sail up into the heavens.”
Xambree stopped and stood seven feet from the center football player bending down at her fit waistline, staring at the football. “No! The football will sail upright and go through the twin goal posts.”
One of the assistant coaches shouted out loud with confusion. "What, kid!"
She rolled her eyeballs and looked back down at the football. “That was a joke, coach! I like to make jokes for my amusement.”
“Kick the ball, kiddo!” The head coach fingered the ball with a serious face.
“Sure thing!” Xambree nodded to Quarterback that she was ready for the football.
The backup quarterback nodded to her in silence and then turned to see the Center football player, holding both arms in the air, shouting out loud the football word. “Hike!” The Center hiked the football through his pair of parted legs into the air. The Quarterback caught the toss from the Center and dropped it down to the ground, holding an upright football with his index finger for her foot sweep.
Xambree lined up behind the upright football and then took two steps sideways for more mathematical distance targeting the empty space in-between the two yellow tinted goal posts. She slumped her collar bone forward like she had witnessed on the television screen. Then she slowly moved forward in three steps and then lifted her foot up in the air, slamming the side of her foot into the upright football, creating a loud thump sound. She carried her movement ahead and then stopped, looking up with a smile, viewing the football. 
The football beautifully sailed in the air and soared in the middle empty space in-between the two yellow tinted goal posts with a slight whistling sound. Then the football fell down and landed inside the third row on the bleacher seats.
The row of Burn U football players bounced up and down while clapping with loud cheers, hoots, and hollers for Xambree and her awesome field goal football performance.
The second assistance coach followed the football and smiled at the twin field goal posts.“Holy smokes!”
The head coach grabbed and pitched a second football to the Center football player with a nod to Xambree. “Each Professional Football League long kicker uses the professional field goal limit from the thirty-five yard line. So, let’s go and try kicking the football a little further out from the twin goal posts, kid.” He scooted sideways and slammed into some of the players, shoving each player over to the forty-five year line and then he stopped, studying Xambree with hope and a bright smile. “Give it another shot, kiddo!”
Xambree, the Center football player, and the football player Quarterback scooted around and then reposed for the Professional Football League measured field goal distance.
The blonde-haired assistance coach stood beside the head coach and shook his football cap, crossing both of his arms, frowning at Xambree. “That's too far for her, Coach.”
The backup football quarterback looked at the Center football player and shouted out loud, “Hike!” The Center football player tossed the football in-between his open legs soaring the ball through the air. The quarterback caught the football again and then placed an upright football down on top of the manicured grass for the kick from the kicker.
Xambree repeated her footsteps and scored a second field goal performance as an undercover angel-on-assignment, of course. The team of football players again clapped and cheered for her. She was utilizing energy coming from her angel survival pack to perform each easy football kick through the twin goal posts. Else, she was only a lousy female. 
“That kick is fifty yarder, kid!” The blonde haired assistance coach nodded with a smile at the field goal posts, turning to see the nose profile on the head coach. “The kiddo is very good, sir.”
The head coach moved ahead and extended a hand to Xambree, nodding with a smile. “The kiddo is great. Go and get her a Burn U uniform and her own helmet. What’s your name, kiddo?”
“Xambree.” The death angel stood upright and turned, reaching out with a smile, shaking the hand on the coach with her secret plan.
Four days later...


Friday, December 6th


Bright moonlight and parted clouds
    with cold temperatures
02:16 am

Birmingham State University campus location
Football Tower setting
11th floor level suite of Cecil Milhorn and Gizmo


The second powerful football team is housed at the Birmingham State University or its infamous nicknamed as the Bam U Cougars.
Birmingham State University resides 90 miles in a southeasterly direction from its only equal and rival Birmingham University. The campus location covers 5,000 acres of flat, fertile, lush forestland with a tiny waterfall coming off a steep cliff overlooking the rear of the campus buildings and houses over 50,000 students, who wear the colors of red and white, slapping a high-five or a fist-bump into the fake Cougar paw on the red and white colored school official mascot and then yells out loud: Go, wild cats! Rrruu!
The college system offers the same types of degrees, including a bachelor's, a master's, and a doctoral degree include art, computers, education, mathematics, anthropology, communication, engineering, music theory, Romance languages, social work and alien theory, and aeronautical outer space studies. The university houses the School of Medicine and School of Animal Medicine plus the School of Pharmacy for any and all future physician for man or beast.
Historically, Bam U started out as a military school, where a boy became a man and provided home-grown Alabama military soldiers during the Civil War Between the States, World War I, World War II, and the other major military campaigns involving the great United States of America.
Currently, the campus offers military programs and studies for numerous branches of the USA Armed Forces, including the Air Force, Navy, Army, Marine Corps. Over the decades, the university's graduating classes include Army general, Navy admirals, one Commandant from the US Marine Corps, two Joint Chief of Staff officers, six outer space astronauts, and one deputy director of NASA.
The university owns and services their own airport facility delivering an injured wild animal to the vetererian school or flying down any and all important persons to the campus site for any and all sporting events.


Presently, a single bent and crashed used aluminum shiny beer can flew swiftly towards a low pile of trash that consisted of numerous used and abused crashed beer cans which was leaking its content over the clean tile floor.
The apartment room was a rectangular shape with one long entrance wall in dull burnt orange hue that housed a matching metal-coated entrance door in-between a matching row which displayed a short chest of drawers in dark wood for clothes, a tall chest of drawers in dark wood for clothes, a tall reflection mirror for vanity purposes, without the vanity bureau, and a student desk in dark green metal with a matching metal rolling chair for studying academic courses.
The desk surface presented a silver tinted laptop and an independent computer monitor that held an electronic game of monster truck races for fun. There were not a stack of textbooks or stacks of notebook papers or a pile of ink pens, because the computer laptop was the academic classroom for each football player at Birmingham State University.
On the opposite side from the entrance wall, a long wall contained a long row of glass windows that displayed a pretty view of the campus woodlands during the daylight hours and the vast twinkling stars from outer space setting during the nighttime hours. Below the window frames, a row of built-in wooden shelves with some cabinet door exposed an assortment of electronic equipment including a stereo system, a radio devise, a movie player,  and a gigantic big screen plasma television inside the wall corner for each occupant of the shared room space.
The television screen displayed a Hollywood movie film with the volume cut off.
The ceiling and floor planks displayed dark wood which were clean often by the hired staff at the Football Tower building.
The bedroom curtain drapes in bright yellow hue touched the dark wooden floor and were always opened for pondering the view or participating in another activity.
One of the two side walls held a single king-sized mattress in dark wood covered in a maroon and white tinted Bam U bed comforter and a set of matching bed linens, compliments of the university. In-between the bed frame, a matching pair of nightstands in dark wood and two long and tall chest of drawers that dented the wall paint with overflowing clean and dirty clothes. At the wall intersection with the student desk, an open archway led into the private lavatory, which needed to be cleaned or maybe burned. The side wall belonged to college student Cecil Milhorn.
On the opposite side wall, the image had been duplicated without effort from the second occupant inside the shared apartment room. The opposite side wall belonged to college student Gizmo.
In the middle of the room space, the individual living room pieces curved around the open space and faced the wall of glass windows. The center of the curved furniture pieces displayed two long sofa in maroon hue in front of an individual low wooden table, four individual sitting chairs in matching maroon hue beside an individual side table, and at each point of the curve a maroon tinted recliner with a matching foot stool faced one of the television screens.
On the side of the recliner, a side table of fake dark wood contained a built-in refrigerator that was filled daily with snacks and beverages by the university staff for the occupant's enjoyment.
Cecil had sent out the bent beer can from his unfolded red tinted lounge chair with both of naked feet on top of the attached foot stool, staring at the opposite wall of white colored paint and a row of glass windows that displayed the clear nighttime sky of bright moonbeams and twinkling stars above the grove of forest shadows. A folded fist silently hit nothing in the air and as his voice softly sneered at the same opposite wall in a deep baritone timber to any person in particular. “A female Division I college football kicker, I've never heard of a female …fee …fee …female field goal long kicker.” Cecil spat out mouth salvia in the air and grabbed a new beer can from the side table surface that was filled with overflowing food snacks, popping open the tab, inhaling half of the cold beer. He removed the can from his drooling lips of spilled beer and then tossed the empty item across the room, landing it almost near the low pile of trash on the opposite wall inside his private dormitory room. The yellow tinted spilled beer nicely decorated the white tinted wall paint. He gurgled out loud and then inhaled a series of deep breathes of air molecules while laughing out loud at his proper name which had come from his mother.
Cecil Milhorn measured six feet and five inches in height and weighed 376 pounds exhibiting a buzz cut of bright red colored hair follicles, a tone of pink tinted skin, and a pair of light green eyeballs. He wore a black tinted tee shirt with the words: Bam U on the front, a set of tan colored walking short, and a pair of naked feet. He currently was the superstar offensive end lineman on the Birmingham State University football team, home of the growling Cougars. He was one of the tallest football players on the line that protected the blind side on the superstar quarterback during each active game play.
“Girls kick at a rounded ball all the time in soccer. That’s her sports background, a former soccer queen of the year. Didn’t you hear the news cast on the television screen, Cecil?” Rashab Sims stood on the shorter side wall and frowned down at the mess on the tile floor, wearing a pair of dark blue jeans, a bright blue tinted short-sleeved shirt, and a pair of red tinted athletic sneakers. He measured a lean six feet and four inches and weighed 229 pounds displaying a long braids of light brown hair color, a pair of dark brown eyeballs, and a tone of light brown skin tone. He was currently one of the four Bam U football player wide receivers. He was tall, smart, fast and caught every flying football that flowed out from the quarterback's hand while jumping almost into the clouds coverage for the ball using his set of abnormal superhuman strength and height.
He moved ahead and then squatted with a dirty trash can, cleaning up the messy floor, so the cleaning crew at the Football Tower did not complain again to the head coach about Cecil’s dirty apartment room.
Last year, Cecil had become temporarily suspended from the football team, practices, and football two games as a piggy slob. Rashab and Cecil had been friends since grade school coming from the same hometown and the same high school attending the same university with plans of entering the Professional Football League.
Gizmo turned and jabbed a finger at Cecil with a stern face. “Creamed! Cream soup! Burn U babe! Secret weapon! Fourth quarter! Un-believe me! Burn U babe! She will kick our …”
Gizmo was a chosen and used cute nickname for his person as and he did not like or want or desire another person to know or speak his proper name. He measured at six feet and seven inches in height and weighed 401 pounds displaying a head of shoulder length honey brown tinted hair, a pair of hazel eyeballs, and a tone of peach tinted skin, wearing a yellow tinted short-sleeved tee shirt with the words in red tint: Birmingham State, a pair of orange tinted walking shorts, and a pair of orange and blue tinted athletic sneaker. He was the current football player Center on the Birmingham State University and the biggest, tallest, strongest, and baddest player on the Bam U offensive line.
Gizmo continued to sit inside his maroon tinted recliner with a sneer and tossed his empty beer can into flight, hitting the forward wall on his side of the shared apartment room, missing the growing pile of litter. He burped out loud with various disgustingly sounds for fun and then laughed out loud with amusement. 
Cecil turned and fingered the funny sounds coming from the parted lips on his friend and fellow player Gizmo as Rashab continued to clean the mess and exhaled with annoyance at his two friends and two fellow football players. 
“Crème soup! Yummy! I am hungry, man! Hungry man! Hungry man!” Cecil reached down and pounded on the arm rest, chanting out loud with laughter. “Hungry man …”
In-between the wall corner and the tall chest of drawers in front of the empty wall paint, Rashab slowly stood upright with a deep sigh after cleaning up the smelly beer stains on top of the tile floor and then spun around, frowning at the two drunken college students and current football players. He cut his eyeballs at the alarm clock on top of the nightstand reading the red bright digits: 02:38 am. He had decided for all the players inside the room. It was time for sleep, before he was required to attend the head coach meeting, this morning, if he wanted to participate in the championship playoff football game on Saturday afternoon.
Rashab spun around and tied up the plastic garbage bag with a sour frown, slowly strutting ahead with a stern face while avoiding the numerous tall piles of dirty items on top of Cecil’s wooden floor. He dropped the stinky bag of garage near the entrance door and then swung around, yelling at his two friends with a serious tone. “Hey, guys! Hey over there! I am gone from here. I'm going back into my apartment room for some beauty sleep. So, both of you get into your individual bed mattress or into one bed mattress as I do not care but you must go to sleep too. We have a football meeting and hours of football practice later, this morning. Bye!”
Cecil continued to sit and laughed at the wall of glass window.
Gizmo continued to sit and reached over, grabbing the item and opened a new can of beer and gulped down the contents, removing the item, burping out loud.
Rashab spun back around with a deep sigh and opened the closed entrance door of burnt orange metal, whispering for his eardrums only. “Fine!” He exited the room and moved ahead to his personal apartment room in silence, slamming the door shut.
Inside the shared apartment room, Cecil continued to sit in the lounge chair and laughed out loud, staring at the wall with the glass windows, viewing the stars and moon beams, “Rashab! O Rashab! O..”
“He left, Cecil.” Gizmo tossed an empty pack of snacks in the air which did not make it to the growing pile of trash on the opposite wall. The lightweight snack pack slowly landed down and settled on top of the Gizmo's tall pile of dirty laundry items. He consumed the open beer and stared through the row of glass windows at the moonlight and twinkling stars while ignoring the new Hollywood movie film on his gigantic television screen.
“Hmm! I do believe that you stink at the game of basketball, boy.” Cecil laughed out loud and bounced up and down in the seat with silliness.
“Football is my game and my name.” Gizmo slapped his chest that wore a yellow colored tee shirt with the maroon tinted words: Bam U.
“Football! Football! Number One! Number One!” Cecil chanted out loud.
“Number One! Number One!.” Gizmo repeated loudly with laughter.
“Number One!”
“Cecil!” Gizmo frowned.
“Cecil!” He laughed.
“No win!” Gizmo shook his bone skull.
“No win!” He repeated for fun.
“Yeah, Cecil! No win!” Gizmo frowned again.
“Why did you say that, Gizmo?” Cecil turned and frowned at the nose profile on his friend.
Gizmo turned with a worried brow and nodded to Cecil. “I say it because of that Burn U babe. She can kick our ...”
“Ask the coach! That Burn U babe is goody. Goody. Goody.” He yelled out loud with laughter.
“She needs to go, go, go!” Gizmo pounded the arm rest and shouted out loud.
“Go! Go! Go!”
“Go, babe! Go and get outta of here.” Gizmo flipped his hand in the air with a sneer and turned to view the Hollywood movie film. “Cecil, I got a new plan,” he turned and nodded at the nose profile on Cecil.
“I got a new plan, Gizmo.” He reached over and grabbed the food snack, consumed a bag of potato chips, staring at the Hollywood movie film in silence.
“Cecil, think it like this! We go and get that Burn U.”
“Babe to go and get outta of town!” Cecil consumed the food.
“Then we win the championship game and become the number one team in the world! Yeah! Woo! Amen!” Gizmo nodded with a smile and clapped to his brilliant idea.
“Number One! Number One! Number One!” He crammed more potato chips in-between his words.
“We go and scare her, bro! We go and scare her bad, bro!” Gizmo smiled.
“Go and scare her bad, yeah!” He crammed more potato chips in-between his teeth and chewed with an open mouth.
“Go to the Burn U campus and scare her bad, yeah!”
“Go to the Burn U campus and scare her bad, yeah!” He continued to eat the snack.
Gizmo whipped out his personal mobile telephone from the pocket on his walking short and looked down, pressing the buttons, reading the lighted tiny screen with a smile. He slowly stood upright from the second recliner and scooted sideways across the long room towards Cecil and then stopped, placing his phone screen in front of Cecil's two eyeballs. Gizmo pointed down at the tiny screen with a smile. “Do you see my little electronic map on my personal mobile telephone? Look out! We drive my pickup truck for two hours from here within the tiny town of Oppton and arrive up there at Burn U in metro city Birmingham. We take thirty minutes of our time and my gas to reach the metro city of Montgomery first. Then we travel another ninety minutes and invade the Burn U campus in stealth of night at five in the morning, before the sunrise is present. We park my truck in the student parking lot and get out, finding that girl, scaring the little Burn U babe away from her dormitory room and away from our playoff championship football game on Saturday afternoon. Then we drive us back here and arrive back home at seven am for our breakfast meal with the our football pals and attend the eleven o’clock coach's meeting which we can’t miss or we don’t get to play in the championship football game on Saturday afternoon. I am a genius and I know it,” he chuckled and then leaned down, whispering into Cecil's eardrum. “And no one or no person or no pet or no plant will know about our final mission, ain't right, Cecil?”
Cecil continued to sit and shouted out loud, pounding his fist on the arm rest, spilling the bag of potato chips over his lap, on the chair, in the floor. “Bam U! Bam me! Bam them! Birmingham State University Cougars. Number one! Number One! Number One!”
Gizmo spun around with a grin and moved ahead, reaching his personal nightstand on the other side of the room, snatching up his truck keys, planting his wallet down into the rear pocket on his walking shorts. He spun around and dashed ahead with a soft chuckle, stopping beside Cecil, jerking the football player from the seat.
They both shuffled towards the closed door and then exited their shared room in silence but sniggering with their evil plan on the Burn U babe.



Two hours and nine minutes later...
05:09 am

Birmingham University campus location
First level side building structure
Private apartment resident for Xambree


An array of black tinted crickets communicated in a series of loud croaks to each other hiding along the thick grove of woodland trees and rows of fruit plants on the roadside as the black tinted pickup truck slowly maneuvered around each Burn U campus road without a campus police car tail or a campus police car escort, parking on the row with numerous automobiles while blending into the student scene.
The tall and wide red bricked Football Tower building which was very similar in height and width on the tan colored bricked Bam U football Tower. On a few floors, an individual ceiling lights burned brightly in the night sky from several of the paid football instructors.
Each student football player was located in their bedroom and sound asleep for the football practice later in the morning training for the championship football game on Saturday afternoon.
From the parked truck, Gizmo slid out from the driver's seat and stood on top of the gray tinted pavement without locking the truck for safety, scanning a tall football tower. He shook his long curls with confusion and worry.
Cecil scooted out from the passenger side and slammed the door shut with a loud boom, slowly shuffling around the front bumper on the parked truck, colliding into Gizmo for fun. He slowly back stepped and smiled. "What's the plan?"
Gizmo continued to scan the campus and shook his curls. "Well, we are located here in front of the Burn U Football Tower? The tower building looks and feels like our tower building but it is colored in tan brick, not red brick."
"The same building company had built both buildings."
"How do you know that information?"
"My dad told me."
"Where would the Burn U babe reside inside that tall tower building? I don't know."
Cecil smiled. "Burn U babe ain't inside their tall and big Football Tower."
"Why not?"
Cecil shook his buzz cut of honey brown hue. "It's against all college rules and regulations to mix and match up the opposite sex. So, she ain't sleeping inside the Football Tower with a floor of male football players. She is located nearby, thou," he spun around and pointed at the side structure, nodding with a smile. "Do you see that small and windowless building on the side of the structure?"
He looked up and frowned at the same building that was attached to the tall tower, "Yeah!"
"She is sleeping in there. The same sports college rules and regulations house each type of athletic student in the same building or the same location. Burn U babe is inside that small building. That building was a storage room that contained ancient furniture and stuff."
"How do you know that?"
"My uncle lives around here in Birmingham and works in the construction field for his paying job. He personally helped build the Burn U Tower a few decades ago. He is a Burn U fan and spits it in my face every chance he gets..."
"How did you know about the inners of that small building beside the gigantic Burn U Football Tower?"
Cecil turned and mouth spat down on the pavement, looking up with a sneer at Gizmo. "My blood uncle, during each and every family social gathering, likes to brag about his Burn U football team. He told my dad and then my dad told me. So, I knew that the new female long kicker is staying inside that tiny building without a single window. So, we can scare her really good and watch her race out the front door and ran away from her room, her university and her football team," he laughed.
Gizmo laughed and reached out, slapping the chest on Cecil. They both spun around and slowly strutted ahead towards the single building in the bright moonlight, without suspicion.
Inside the tiny building, within her tiny room, the newly assigned Burn U long field kicker Xambree was outstretched from her silver tinted hair roots down to her pair of naked toe bones quietly resting on top of the pink tinted long sofa.
Burn U football team was comprised of males, not a single female. So, the athletic crew had quickly cleaned out the attached storage room on the Football Tower and then swiftly located a set of pink tinted girly furniture for the new female football player.
The room air smelled like rose petals and each bare cold concrete wall was covered in an assortment of paper posters that represented a scene of tender woodland baby animals or long landscapes of pasture fields of green hue and grazing farm animals or a free standing flower vase of colorful floral that tried to exude a girly room for a female football player.
Xambree was not displeased but delighted with the clever interior decoration inside her new temporary residence as she was enjoying the act and the reactions as a young adult college student for her assigned angel assignment.
Each furniture was bright hot pink in hue and very comfortable on her back spine. She had fallen asleep on top of the pink tinted long sofa and softly breathed through her two nostrils, landing on top of the tiny computer laptop that housed all of her college textbooks, class assignments, and numerous football plays as a studious college student and a newly christened kicker on the Birmingham University Steel Bolt football team.
Her new angel assignment required Xambree to participate on the Earth plane as a pretend college student regarding a unique request by her dad Azrael. He had also tied up her set of awesome angel power using the ancient Ligo method. Ligo was a Latin term meaning to bundle or tie or bind any and all angel magic on a heavenly angel by a celestial process which must be administrated by a higher entity binder other than the targeted bindee for a number of reasons, including overall human protection and safety.
Normally, Xambree quietly descended down from the heavenly realm and landed down on the Earth plane collecting the living soul out from the deceased human bio-shell, guarding the traumatized living soul while swiftly transporting both of them back into heaven. The sudden appearance of a death angel in front of a pair of human eyeballs will stun the human bio-shell into panic affecting their mental capability. If a death angel was a naughty creature and reached out to touch the human bio-shell, then the human would die.
Inside the quiet apartment room, a loud boom echoed from the outside on the closed entrance that bombarded her tiny single room space. However, Xambree did not awakened but continued to mouth drool onto her soft pillow case remaining in a deep restful sleep. Her parents had visited and offered their worldly and humanly knowledge about the planet and the human race while assisting their daughter with an assortment of college course coupled with an assortment of physical fighting tips that would ensure their daughter could defend her human self, not her angel soul. The afternoon of event had left Xambree physically, mentally, and emotionally exhausted during the calm nighttime peaceful hours.
Her dad had worried about his final angel decision coupled with his awesome talent that had bundled his daughter’s angel defensive powers and left her useless against a single rough and touch human male or female on the Earth plane, when her parents had left the city of Birmingham and her tiny apartment room about two Earth hours ago.
In front of the tiny building. her entrance door softly clicked like a set of mice were eating away at the black tinted metal. Then the door burst open and revealed two tall figures inside the open archway that tossed two individual long creepy dark shadows on the concrete floor and the tender woodlands baby animal poster.
Cecil and Gizmo smiled down at the female football player and loudly entered her private building room, surrounding each long side on the pink tinted sofa, staring down at the sleeping female. Cecil stood at her hair roots of sparkling silver tint. Gizmo stood at the end of her naked feet and flipped on a hand-held flashlight, tipping the bright light onto the ceiling.
A pair of rough large hands reached down and shook a sleeping Xambree. She burst open her two eyelashes and viewed a blurry bright light coming from a human-made flashlight at her feet. She blinked her two eyelashes into focus and allowed her natural angel vision to view one ugly male human that hovered over her hair roots. Xambree quickly reacted and kicked up one of her legs at the target and hit the human face.
The human grunted in pain and grabbed his two bloody nostrils which were not broken, but battered from her swift naked foot action while stumbling backwards from the sofa, sliding sideways and tripped over the low white tinted wooden table which was positioned two feet away from the sofa.
She purposefully twirled down off the long sofa with her new defensive move, landing down on her face, slamming down into the plastic football pad and bruised one of her cheekbones. With all of her angel powers bundled, her natural angel protection was downgraded as a standard female human who was composed of soft flesh, hard bones, and wet blood, in which, Xambree would bleed out all or some of her human proteins, if she ever became cut from a sharp human-made instrument or an object against her delicate golden tinted human skin.
Her angel senses swiftly pinged the body danger coming from her angel survival pack that was always present within her angel body as a fake human here on the Earth plane, but she could not react fast enough. The human foot swiftly plunged downward towards her exposed back spine. She bend both of her kneecaps and launched her long body a few inches through the air current with a terrible human hop and avoided the human booted heel, landing back down on her two breasts against the hard, cold concrete floor, sounding with a loud grunt of pain.
A new set of large hands grabbed and then jerked Xambree into an upright pose from the hard, cold concrete floor, facing the long wall and viewed her large white tinted wooden four-poster bedroom frame.
She quickly pondered her human mistake not sleeping inside the bed frame and then sipping out, hiding inside deep wardrobe closet which was filled with girly Earth clothes that each female teen required for an image conscious body appearance. Then she could call out for her dad on her new personal mobile telephone for some supernatural angel help.
Xambree turned and sneered like a frightened girl at a second face on an ugly human which displayed a buzz cut in honey brown hue, a clean shaven face, and a ting of sour beer bad breath. She was almost even with his tall height. He continued to hug her body squeezing at her set of sore ribs, elevating her entire body up from the floor by four inches with his human brute strength like a Greek god.
Xambree continued to snort and frown at the taller human male while guessing here. The two human males were intoxicated on alcoholic beverages coming from one of the brotherly Fraternity Houses down the long city street, where the two little boys were out for a spin on the town but accidentally landed here inside her private building, mysteriously.
Mystery or not, Xambree had prepared for this human girly emergency. She would access her angel survival pack and then release her upright body, spinning around in a circle, kicking each one of their butthole through the closed metal door. Then she would dump each unconscious male down into one of the stinky garbage receptacles that stood in a row on the edge of the side road. 
A few inches up from the floor, her body was wrapped in the bulky and strong arms on the ugly and stinky human male, she dropped down her bottom lip and prepared to scream out loud like a scared human girl, when a dirty male palm clamped tightly on her open mouth while silencing her rebel yell.
“Boo!” The human male with a terrible breath leaned over and smiled into her cheekbone, spitting on her skin.
“Shut up, Cecil!” A second human male sneered and stared at her other cheekbone.
Cecil turned and frowned at Gizmo. “Don’t shout out my name, Gizmo!”
Gizmo looked up and smiled at Cecil. “Dude, we are a couple of famous as Bam U football players. She and everyone else knows our names and our faces and our ...”
Xambree struggles sideways in the air against the two of hand male hands and kicked both of her naked feet at one leg on each male.
Cecil gasped in alarm and frowned at his friend, “What we do now, Gizmo?”
Gizmo reached up and clonked the flat end on his bright flashlight against her hair roots. Xambree dropped down into unconsciousness and fell forward into Cecil’s open arms. Gizmo laughed out loud with humor from the bright light of the flashlight. “Now, our plan is successful, Cecil. We take her with us and then we hide her from everyone and everything and everywhere. Then we win the championship football game of the world. Number one! Number One!”
Gizmo back stepped from the girl and Cecil, turning to lead them into the outside night air, heading towards his pickup truck.
Cecil lifted and cradled the tall skinny girl like a baby, spinning around, following behind Gizmo with a smile of victory. He slammed the metal door shut with a loud boom without a care in the world.
The other students and football players were sound asleep while dreaming of a victory in the playoff championship football game which would not come as their valuable long field kicker would be missing from the football practice and the game. Every student, teacher, fan, and parent would guess that Xambree had gotten a case of cold feet from the cold air here in Alabama.
They arrived and re-entered the cab on the pickup truck as Cecil placed Xambree in the rear bench seat. Gizmo drove back home to Birmingham State University at the proper speed limit without getting a police ticket or police escort or jail time for a kidnapping.



Three hours, eight minutes, and 45 seconds later...
08:08 am

Birmingham State University
13th floor level suite of Jake Gunter
Sunny with cold temperatures

The entrance door into the private suite of Jake Gunter displayed a yellow tinted room of paint on each solid wall or a row of glass windows and slammed opened, revealing a tall male, shouting out loud, entering the familiar football apartment suite with laughter. “Jake, are you back from your home visit?” Rashab stopped and stood in front of the side wall containing numerous pieces of electronic equipment including a stereo system, a radio unit, a DVD movie player, a gigantic plasma television system, examining each one of the newest musical discs and Hollywood movie film discs and video tracks that Jake had brought back from his residential house in Birmingham.
A second tall male appeared and stood inside the archway, turning to see Rashab, shaking his bald mound. He strutted inside and moved into the single bedroom setting, stopping beside the bed frame, shouting out loud with a smile. “Hey, Jake! Get up! Let’s go and get food first. I'm starving. Then we can to go and do some weight training, before the coach’s meeting at eleven o'clock today for our last football ball practice ever.” Arcturus reached down and shook the body of a sleeping Jake that lounged inside his sissy four-poster bed framed laughing out loud with amusement.
On top of the comfortable bed mattress and underneath the maroon and white Bam U bed comforter, Jake flipped off the comforter from a smile and reached over, slapping his palm on the top of the warm skin on the warm body a few inches away from his vertical body. He offered tenderly warmth and love stroking the course skin.
“Ah-woo!” Jimbo continued to lie on top of the clean Bam U bed linens beside his master and lifted up a dog skull, loudly baying with good morning also.
Jake laughed out and stared at the ceiling planks which indicated the morning time. “Good boy, Jimbo!”
Jake rolled sideways and planted both of his naked feet on top of the hard, cold wooden floor, stretching his back muscles in a vertical pose, staring through the glass window at the bright sunshine. He blinked both of his eyelids and then focused both of his two pupils into normal sight, slowly moving ahead to the entrance wall, standing in front of the short chest of drawers with a long reflection mirror, searching for some clean clothes. He dressed in a long-sleeved maroon tinted tee shirt with the words on the back spine in black letters: Bam U first and then slid down into a pair of dirty blue jeans from the clean floor. He looked up and examined his face with dusted black tinted whiskers in the mirror contemplating a clean shave before the breakfast meal, rubbing the sleepy crumbs from each eye socket, whipping down the hair cowlick on top of his skull with the other hand. He reached down and scratched the crack in his buttocks with the same hand. 
“Did I hear food?” He yawned and looked down, poking a bare feet around the floor for a shoe.
“How was the social dance, Jake?” Arcturus scooted backwards and leaned over one of the thick bed post crossing his arms over a red tinted short-sleeved tee shirt with the silver tinted words: Burn U, smiling at Jake.
“Jake does not attend a fun social dance. He attended his wake." Rashab entered the bedroom and continued to stare down at the first item in one hand, studying the new country musical disc that he desired to hear before the breakfast meal and stopped at the other bed post across from Arcturus.
Jake stood in place and continued to wipe a dirty face with both of his hands. "I had attended my engagement party.”
Arcturus frowned. “Are you really getting married to Praelle, Jake?”
“He is really engaged with that fancy wedding, right after graduation in the month of May.” Rashab turned and smiled down at the second item in the other hand, a new violent military electronic game that he really desired to play right after eating the breakfast meal, instead of weight training with his friends.
“What about Professional Football League, Jake?” Arcturus nodded.
“Praelle is going to become the future PFL pretty wife of future PFL quarterback Jack.” Rashab stared down at a third item in the other hand, a new horror Hollywood movie film that he really desired to watch after the lunchtime meal, instead of jogging around the track with his friends.
“Look here! You should join the PFL and go stag or alone or a bachelor for a couple of years, get your fill of available beautiful babes, then get married and have a couple of babies and then grow old together until each one of you die.” Arcturus exhaled with annoyance as he did not like Praelle anyways.
“I didn’t hear Praelle's name on that babe list, Arcturus.” Rashab laughed and continued to stare down at each item while deciding which one to view first, before the breakfast meal.
“Didn’t I mention Praelle's man , Jimbo?” Arcturus turned and winked at the dog that continued to lie on top of the clean bed linens.
“Ah-woo!” Jimbo looked up and stared at the familiar human that had called out his name and then howled out loud.
Rashab smiled down at the horror Hollywood movie film disc. “O no! Not you, too, Jimbo. Jimbo doesn't like..."
Arcturus leaped sideways and pounced on Rashab, applying a choke hold on his pal with laugher. Rashab dropped down all of the collected items from both hands onto the soft bed comforter and lifted up one hand, punching at rib cage on Arcturus as they both chuckled with e fun game.
Xambree heard the weird sounds and swiftly opened up her two eyelashes, staring at the dark fabric feeling the soft cover over her vertical body on top of the soft material. She jerked the fabric from her hidden face and sat upright, bending at her fitted waistline. Her long silver tinted curly hair invaded her facial features and as her two eyeballs scanned her new surroundings, including a new wall, a new furniture and two new bed mates.
In-between the two folded biceps on Arcturus, Rashab viewed the new body with a smile. “Did you get another dog, Jake?” Arcturus viewed the same new dog body and released the skull bone on Rashab, standing upright, staring at Xambree with a smile. “Geez! Jimbo got himself a girlfriend canine.” He pointed at the pretty animal with a nod. “She’s really pretty dog, Jimbo. You got lucky, Coonie.”
Rashab smiled and stared at Xambree with a nod. “Is that a poodle dog girl covered in all that curly silver tinted fur? Is that right, Jake?”
Xambree quickly brushed away her silver tinted waves of curls from her human face, wiggling both of her hands and fingers in the air, slapping the rest of the comforter from her upper torso. She stared at the two unfamiliar human males. Each human male wore a set of muscles and a Bam U tee shirt, standing at the foot of the bed frame. She turned and stared at the back spine on the third human that displayed a tee shirt with the words: Bam U.
Jake stared at the reflection mirror and viewed half of a female while blinking his eyelids a couple of times for clarity, spinning around with a gasp of shock at the girl on top of his personal bed mattress. “Ah, shit!”
“Jake!” A soprano female voice coming from his finance Praelle bellowed out loud from the open entrance door and as her upright tall girly body appeared inside the open archway, holding her personal mobile telephone at her eardrum. She had tried to contact Jake three times before barging through the open entrance doorway, where his four football pals were always hanging out all the time. Her eyeballs stared at Jake and then darted sideways, focusing on the upper torso on a strange female that sat on top of his bed mattress.
Normally, the set of college dormitory room regulations did not allow a visitor wandering up and down each common hallway on purpose. This particular apartment building was owned by Jake’s dad to specifically house, entertain and service the entire Birmingham State University football team players and was located slightly off the boundaries of the university campus proper for legal and compliance and financial reasons. So, each player could party down, up, over, and underneath the university sports rules while avoiding a monetary penalty and permanent jail time.
Praelle had been invited as a social guest into Jake’s private apartment room at the end of the thirteen floor level since the first hour of their college days which was five years ago.
She stood inside the archway measuring five feet and eight inches, wearing a red tinted designer sweater, skirt, and knee-high boots and a sour frown.
Inside his bedroom setting, Jake spun around and gasped in shock, staring at Praelle, whispering for his eardrums only. “Ah, double shit!”
Praelle bounced up and down inside the archway with a series of lady sneers and pointed at the girl, screaming out loud in fury. “Jake! Jake! Jake, what is that ugly thing doing on top of your bed mattress? Who is this ugly thing? Why are you here, ugly thing? Get outta of his room and off his bed and outta of this building, ugly thing!”
“Ugh! My head hurts.” A loud baritone male voice softly moaned out loud and as the skull on Cecil slowly appeared from behind a sitting chair on the long side wall. He slowly stood upright from the floor and held both of hands over his face, sliding sideways, sitting down in the maroon tinted sitting chair. He slowly rotated his neck muscles and evaluated his dizziness, his aches, and his pains from too much beer consumption last night. He wore a food-stained, beer-smelly, and wrinkled Bam U tee shirt, a pair of faked and shredded blue jeans, and a pair of naked feet.
On top of the bed mattress, Jimbo continued to rest beside an upright Xambree and sniffed the contaminated air waves, smelling the stinky beer odor from Cecil, howling in response, “Ah-woo!”
Rashab spun around with a gasp and shouted out loud, "Cecil!" He advanced to the long wall and stopped, standing behind the sitting chair, looking down at the floor. He shouted out loud in shock and squatted down to check his other friend, "Gizmo is over here and sound asleep on top of your floor, Jake. Get up, man!” He reached down and slowly pulled on his arm without lifting up the heavy male.  Gizmo slowly stirred from his rest and opened his two eyelids, staring at the ceiling, grunting in pain.
Arcturus spun around with a gasp and advanced to his three friends, stopping beside Cecil, examining the medical condition of his friend.
Rashab slowly assisted Gizmo to stand and then sit down in the other sitting chair eardrum. “Gizmo, wake up, dude!”
Sharonette and Doray appeared with a set of giggles and soft words shoving an upright Praelle into the private bedroom.
Doray smiled. “We’re all here for breakfast meal. Move inside the room, Praelle! I want to show Cecil’s my new fashion outfit. He’s not inside his room. I know he’s here with Jake talking football.” Praelle turned sideways and allowed her two friends through the double archway as Sharonette and Doray invaded the occupied suite and stopped a few feet from Praelle, scanning the new environment in silence.
Doray measured five feet and six inches in height and displayed a head of long brown curly hair, a pair of brown eyes, and a tone of brown skin, wearing her new designer outfit in hot pink consisting of a long dress with a pair of thigh-high fashion boots.
Sharonette measured five feet and seven inches in height and presented a head of long black tinted hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of pale skin, wearing a light green shirt and matching vest, a pair of faded blue jeans, and a pair of green tinted cowgirl boots.
The bedroom suite for Jake Gunter was the luxury college suite with an enclosed single private bedroom compartment with two walls of glass windows to view the skyline of sunlight and the landscape on the ground which was accessible by a bedroom door from the living room setting.
One long walls held a row of glass windows, a large bed frame, and an assortment of drawers for Jake's clothes. The short wall displayed the patio garden and the private swimming pool below a row of undivided glass windows.
Across from the large bed frame, a student desk for studying, a loveseat for cuddling with Praelle, and a two sitting chairs for nothing stood on the other long wall. In the corner, there was a closed door that led into the private lavatory and a second closed door for the walk-in closet.
On the long wall, on top of the wooden floor, Rashab kneel down and examined the medical condition with worry on Gizmo in silence concluding his friend was healthy with a dizzy headache from his hangover by consuming too many cans of cold beer.
Arcturus continued to examine Cecil for a broken bone or a set of new body bruises, concluding his friend was healthy also but obtained a dizzy headache from his hangover with too much beer.
Praelle, Sharonette, and Doray stood on top of the floor and observed the commotion in silence and confusion. Jake leaned into the tall chest of drawers and stared at the unfamiliar girl with worry, confusion, frustration. Then each Bam U college student turned and stared at Xambree. She stared back in silence at the new students.
Jimbo turned and sniffed the naked forearm on Xambree, gently licking her soft skin and then presented a drooling tongue while howling with approval of the new female, “Ah-woo!”
Xambree turned and smiled down at the canine while whispering to Jim. “Do you like me?”
The dog howled with another affirmative answer again. “Ah-woo!”
Praelle flipped her hand in the air with a lady sneer and advanced to the footboard on the bed frame, growling at the canine, “Shut that mongrel up before ...”
"I..." Gizmo continued to sit and blinked both of his eyelids open, focusing his dizzy brain cells on the new female, pointing at Xambree with a sour frown. “You!”
Praelle jabbed a finger at Xambree and screamed at Jake. “What is this ugly thing doing in your private and personal bed mattress, Jake?”
Xambree turned and smiled at the vile and smelly Gizmo. “And I do recall you, as well, sir.”
“Gizmo, do you know her?” Rashab slowly stood upright and frowned at the new girl.
“What’s going on in here, Gizmo?” Jake stared at Gizmo with a sour frown and then the strange female inside his bed mattress.
Inside the sitting chair, Gizmo turned and stared at the nose profile on Cecil in silence while parting his lips and then closed his lips. He returned back and stared back at Xambree while thinking his brain had been affected by too much beer, pointing at Xambree. “I…we... she...”
“Spit it, Gizmo!” Jake stared at Gizmo and fingered the female. “Who is she? Why is she here in my bedroom? Why are both of you here inside my bedroom as well?”
“I know you.” Arcturus slowly stood upright with a gasp and pointed at Xambree, nodding with a worried brow.
“I’m sorry. You do not, new college human male, sir.” Xambree continued to sit in the bed mattress and turned with a smile to see Arcturus while acting like a human girl with good manners.
Arcturus continued to jab his finger at Xambree and nodded with worry. “I know her. We all know her, Jake. She is. Wow! Whoa! Woe! This ain’t good, my man Jake.” He shook his bald head and gasped in fear, dropping his hand down, slapping his leg, “That girl is the new Burn U football kicker.”
Jake turned and gasped at the nose profile on Xambree, studying her features in silence.
“What is Burn U kicker? Is that a new song? Is she a new musical singer?” Sharonette turned and stared at Xambree.
“Shut up, Sharonette!” Praelle continued to stand at the edge of the bed frame and sneered at Xambree, holding her phone, crossing her arms.
Gizmo looked down and viewed his open palms, returning back, viewing Xambree in shock and worry. “Geez! Man o’ man, we ...”
“....took her...” Cecil continued to sit and smiled at the pretty girl, scratching his chest and then yawned ugly while acquiring more fresh air into his lungs and brain cells.
Rashab gasped in shock and stared at Xambree. “As in you took her from her room without her permission.”
“Did you really kidnap the Burn U new long kicker for the Steel Bolt campus? Are you freaking wired, Gizmo and Cecil?” Arcturus reached down and slapped the collar bone on Cecil while nodding to Xambree with a smile.
Cecil continued to sit and smiled at each one of his friends.
Gizmo placed his face down into his open palms with the defined trouble.
Xambree pulled back some of her sweaty curls and revealed a dark blue bruise on her cheekbone.
Doray gasped in alarm and spun around, dashing in a pair of three-inched heels towards her boyfriend Cecil and then stopped, slapping his arm, yelling out loud in panic. “Did you hit her face, too, Cecil?”
On top of the bed mattress, Xambree reached up and touched the bruise on her cheekbone with a stern face, staring at Cecil and his girlfriend Doray. “No! He did not. I fall down from the sofa and landed down on the hard floor bruising my face. That’s all! He did not harm me.”
Jake turned and examined the exotic girl on top of his bed mattress in silence. She possessed lean muscles on her two exposed arms and maybe weighed 130 pounds. Jake sliced his eyeballs back at Cecil, who stood six feet and six inches tall and weighed over 350 pounds of fat and muscle. However, the girl had fallen off the sofa by herself.
Jake shook his bone skull and whispered for his eardrums only. “Ah, triple shit!”
“Cecil, he didn’t hit her. Did you do hit her, Gizmo? Clearly, she has a bruise on her face, unless she had kicked her own face with her own feet during her last Burn U football practice.” Rashab pointed with angry to Xambree while interrogating Gizmo.
Cecil chuckled at Xambree. “That’s funny, Rashab.”
“Shut up, Cecil!” Doray reached down and slapped his massive bicep, staring at Xambree, exhaling with annoyance at her current boyfriend and future husband. They had talked about marriage right after the championship game on next Saturday afternoon, once the football season had finished.
Cecil was expected to be offered a prime position within the Professional Football League like Jake. Cecil's plans included marrying Doray as she and Praelle would giggle with happiness about becoming a future famous Professional Football League married wife.
In the sitting chair, Gizmo shook his skull and his hands while moaning with worry. “I... I can’t remember any of this.” He had driven his pickup truck on the interstate coming from Oppton and arrived in metro city Birmingham and then stopped, parking his vehicle at the Burn U campus grounds. After that event, his final activities had become fuzzy from all the beer drinking.
“He can’t remember. This ain’t great, Jake!” Arcturus shook his bald head and stared at Xambree with worry for his friends and his college and his football game.
“This is called a kidnapping, ya’ll.” Rashab frowned at Jake.
Jake continued to stare and frowned at the girl.
On top of the bed mattress, Xambree cleared her throat with a smile as each pair of eyeballs turned and stared in her direction. She nodded.  “Gentlemen and ladies, I can solve this problem quickly. Let me go and I will go back home. You can drop me at nearest gasoline service station. Then I can call someone for help. The end!”
“She’s going to call the cops on you, Gizmo.” Praelle sneered with worry.
“Naw! The local Federal Bureau of Investigation special agents have legal jurisdiction in all and any kidnapping cases throughout the USA.” Rashab smiled.
Arcturus growled at Xambree. “She’ll leave and go call the FBI, getting both Cecil and Gizmo arrested for their kidnapping plot.”
“How many years for a kidnapping arrest, Rashab?” Doray stared at Xambree.
Xambree smiled. “The information for a kidnapping is found in 103-322 paragraph 60003(a)(6) which is effective on September 13, 1994 of NRS: Crimes Against the Person for kidnapping in first degree is fifty years of each convicted kidnapper's full life days down here on Planet Earth.”
“Fifty years, that’s a long time.” Gizmo gasped in worry.
“How do you know that information, girl?” Arcturus nodded.
“I am pre-law college student there at Burn U,” Xambree smiled and enjoyed upsetting the silly humans. She had been tutored by her parents the evening before with addressing a set of silly human questions about her new college days. 
“Is your dad a criminal lawyer too?”  Arcturus frowned.
“No.” She smiled. The set of silly young adult humans were clueless of her dad and her origins also.
Gizmo slapped his chest and started to cry with worry. “Now, I am twenty-two years of age. I’m young. Then I will become fifty-two years of age, before I leave a prison cell. I will become an old man. My youth will be gone. My life will be gone.”
“Shut up, Gizmo!” Praelle sneered and stared at the pretty girl.
Rashab turned and nodded to Jake. “Can your dad come and help Gizmo and Cecil, Jake?”
“Is our dad a lawyer, Jake?” Arcturus nodded with a smile at Jake.
Jake shook his bone skull with a stern face. “Naw! But my dad has a team of lawyers, good lawyers! Don’t worry Cecil and Gizmo! I will go and get both of you some good legal help here.”
“Right now, Jake! You are to send that ugly thing back to her dad immediately!” Praelle pointed at Xambree with a series of lady growls.
Doray continued to pat the bicep on Cecil and nodded with a stern face to Jake. “Look here! All of this was an accident, isn't that right, Cecil, sweetheart? We can fix it good.”
Rashab shook his bone skull with worry. “I don’t know about this or that, Doray. This or that is not looking good for Cecil and Gizmo.”
“Geez! She is nothing but a piece of Burn U trash that belongs down in the row of Bam U trash cans on the city street of front of this apartment building.” Praelle whipped out her mobile telephone and tapped the screen. “I am calling the campus police force and report her trespassing on our private property here inside the Football Tower. Let’s get her fanny arrested. Problem is solved. I’m the one with the brains here.”
“Praelle, sit down and shut up!” Jake lifted up both of his palms near his sour frown, shouting out loud at each Bam U student. “Listen to me here! We are not covering this incident up. Cecil, Gizmo, go and get cleaned up. We are all going to the campus police. Both of you have gotta go and talk to campus police before something really terrible is discovered or uncovered here inside my bedroom suite with this girl.”
“What about her?” Rashab pointed at Xambree.
Jake dropped his hands and slapped each one of his legs, turning with a smile to see Xambree. “She comes with us. Are you hurt, Miss...?”
Inside the sitting chair, Gizmo bounced up and down, whining to Jake with his tears of mercy and sadness. “Look! I don’t wanna go into a jail cell for right now, Jake. I’ll miss playing in the football game, the championship football game. This football game is my life.”
Jake turned and shook his bone skull at Gizmo. “I can’t help that, Gizmo. Is Cecil able to walk upright like a guilty man, Arcturus?”
“Yeah!” Cecil continued to sit and smiled at Xambree without standing.
Rashab frowned. “Jake, I think we all will get into major trouble here.”
Praelle shook her blonde curls and stomped her pair of high heeled shoes, sneering at Xambree. “No, I am not in trouble. I did not kidnap the ugly thing on top of the bed mattress. Cecil and Gizmo both did. They are the pair of two criminals here. I am an innocent just like a newborn babe in the woods.”
Gizmo exhaled with worry. “Please, Jake! I wanna go and play in the championship football game on Saturday afternoon. Then me and Cecil will go and confess to the kidnapping plot to the campus police.”
“Gizmo, Jake ain’t a federal judge.” Rashab frowned.
Doray frowned. “Do you know a federal judge, Jake?”
“No!” Jake stared at Gizmo.
“Does your dad know of a federal judge, Jake?” Doray nodded.
Jake frowned. “No, I’m sorry, Doray.”
“Stuff it, Doray!” Praelle sneered at Xambree.
“I’m asking for some protection of my guy, Praelle.” Doray stared at the back spine on Praelle.
Praelle spun around and snarled at Doray. “Your dense-minded guy got all of us in this messy trouble, Doray.”
“Good point, Praelle!” Rashab pointed with a nod at Xambree. “US! We are all involved in this...”
“... accidentally ...” Doray nodded with a smile to Xambree.
“This an incident of vile kidnapping.” He frowned with worry at Xambree.
Praelle turned and sneered at Rashab, jabbing a finger at Gizmo and Cecil. “You're full of hairspray, Rashab! I was asleep inside my private dormitory room, when those two dumbo idiots went there and grabbed this girl off the Burn U campus.”
“My point, I have stated three times already is that we are all involved in this matter. And we all will be questioned and then suspended from classes and escorted off the campus grounds along with full criminal charges from the local, State, and Federal authorities for this accidentally kidnapping plot. No school. No graduation. No game. No draft. No PFL. No marry.” Rashab nodded with a worried brow and stared at Praelle.
“No way!” Arcturus shook his bald mound and slapped his chest.
“Yes, way!” Rashab turned and nodded to Arcturus.
“I agree then. Rashab is right. We all will get kicked out the university and we all will not play in the playoff championship football game tomorrow afternoon.” Arcturus nodded to Jake.
“So, what do we do?” Doray frowned at each student.
Gizmo stood upright with a smile and pointed at Xambree, "We keep her!"
“No!” Jake shook his bone skull and his arms in the air with a worried brow.
“Yeah, we go and hide her, until the playoff football game is concluded on Saturday afternoon.” Cecil slowly stood upright and slid over, hugging his girl Doray, staring at Xambree.
“No!” Jake continued to shake all of his body parts with a stern face of worry.
“I’m hearing all of ya’ll.” Xambree continued to sit on top of the soft bed mattress and stared at each silly young adult human.
“Shut up, Ugly Thing!” Praelle continued to stare and snarl at Xambree.
“Ah-woo!” Jimbo continued to watch Praelle and protect Xambree.
Xambree tenderly patted the coarse furry skull on the dog with a smile and nodded with a smile to each student. “I have the most logical solution. I can go and leave from this room and this building right now. I promise not to tell a living soul. No jail time! No troubled problem! No nothing!”
Praelle spun around with laughter and pointed through the open archway at the closed entrance door, yelling at Xambree, swinging around beside the doorway. “Go and get outta of here, Ugly Thing!”
Cecil turned and frowned at Gizmo. “We just wanted to scare her, so she didn’t play in Saturday’s playoff football game. Without her, we will win the playoff, without a doubt. What does everyone think?” He turned and observed each student as each hairy bone skull nodded in silence. He smiled. “Each football team is evenly matched. One single play will determine the winner. One single kick from a long kicker in-between the twin goals posts will win the playoff championship game.” Each pair of eyeballs turned and stared at Xambree and as each part of lips remained silence.
“No!” Jake wiggled his entire body side to side with fighting fury at his group of college friends. “The kidnapping of an innocent person is all wrong, not right.”
“It is right, because you’re not involved with the kidnapping case. You got a rich dad and a rich career back home. I did not, Jake. I need to play in the football game for my future.” Gizmo nodded with a stern face at Jake.
Jake nodded with a stern face back at Gizmo. “I told you before, Gizmo. My dad has a team of awesome criminal lawyers. We can go and get all this cleared up ...”
“... before the big playoff championship football game, tomorrow afternoon, Jake.”
Jake exhaled with worry and wore a stern face of justice. “Probably not! Okay! That is a definitely not. But isn’t your character reputation more important than a silly football game, Gizmo?”
“This is an accident. Cecil is innocent like me and you, Jake.” Doray nodded with a smile and patted the chest on her boyfriend Cecil.
Arcturus exhaled with worry and nodded to Jake. “Jake, listen to Cecil! He’s right. We will lose the football game, if she is there and kicks the football. She kicked the snot of that ball. Don’t you remember seeing her spy film during our training session the other day? Burn U will win the game with her kicking talents. Then each one of our football talents will become overshadowed by our enemy's win. I wanna career in the PFL too.”
“Thank you!” Xambree smiled.
“Shut up, Ugly Thing!” Praelle sneered at Xambree.
Arcturus nodded with a smile to Jake. “Jake, our college and football good buddies, Cecil and Gizmo have accomplished their task by giving us the advantage over Burn U football team. The Bama U coaches can’t produce another long range kicker by tomorrow afternoon on Saturday. So we win. We win the entire thing, the playoff game and then the National University Championship Football game. That’s all that matters to everyone in this room …”
“...in the State of Alabama …” Rashab nodded.
“...in the entire United States of America …” Gizmo nodded.
“...in the entire world. This is our Bam U world. Please, pretty please, with yellow sprinkles on top of my black frosted yummy cupcake, Jake.” Cecil smiled with a nod.
“Jake, we attack with our super duper advantage point here and win it all.” Gizmo nodded with a smile.
“Jake, she is the advantage point for our complete victory win!” Rashab nodded with a grin.
Jake continued to stand in place and shook both his bone skull and his hands in silence fury at his three friends which were thinking the wrong and illegal way.
Priscilla snorted and spun around, pointing to each tough football player with a sour frown, slapping her chest. “Unbelievable! I’m required to solve the puzzle. Bound, tie, and stuff Ugly Thing inside one of your dirty and stinky wardrobe closets, until Sunday morning. Then, we win the playoff championship and finally the national football title. Cecil and Gizmo can confess to the dirty deed right after the game. Jake will become drafted into the Professional Football League and we will marry, loving happily ever after, for us.”
Doray burst into tears and hugged her boyfriend Cecil with worry and fear.
Sharonette spun around with a gasp and advanced to Doray, sneering at Praelle. "You're mean, Praelle!"
She slapped her chest again with a nod to Jake. "I'm honest, Sharonette. I am the only honest person in this room. So, we do what I say as I am the only honest person standing here."
“Hey, guys!” A tenor voice yelled out loud coming from the living room setting, when Yusi appeared and stood inside the open archway, scanning the crowded bedroom suite. He was not shocked really with the group of students inside the bedroom setting. Jake always had his three football friends and their two girls plus Praelle. Yusi smiled. “What’s happening, ya'll?”
“Yoshit!” Arcturus turned and laughed at the petite male college student while pronouncing the formal name incorrectly with part meanness and part of a southern sound. He pointed at the science nerd and then finger Xambree with a nod. “Come over here and take Burn U Babe with me and hike it into the game room setting right now!”
“Jake!” Yusi turned and nodded to Jake. Jake nodded in silence with the good suggestion until a permanent solution could be arranged with his friends and his uninvited guest.
Yusi nodded with a smile and slowly advanced toward the bed frame, seeing the unfamiliar pretty female, turning to eyeball Praelle with a soft chuckle.
Jake had an affair with the pretty female against a tall, skinny, rude, selfish, mean, greedy, and other nasty adjectives that could only describe college student female Praelle Bramlett.
On top of the bed mattress, Xambree leaned down and hugged the dog skull for love, sitting upright with a smile, rolling off the mattress. She stood upright and exposed more of her glowing naked skin wearing a skimpy red tinted exercise outfit that barely covered her ample set of breasts or her firm fanny as each pair of male eyeballs invaded her body with a soft grunt of lust.
“She’s tall.” Yusi stopped and stood at the footboard, looking up with a smile to see the new girl. He measured five feet and two inches in shortness when he was compared to her six feet and five inches in tallness.
“She’s fit.” Arcturus grunted and then mouth drooled with lust.
“Cover up that ugly thing, before I punk up my breakfast muffin, someone!” Praelle jabbed a finger at the tall beautiful girl and sneered, folding back her arms.
Jake ripped off his Bam U tee shirt from his taunt body and then tossed the item at her face with a nodding smile.
Xambree spun around and caught the shirt with one hand, winking at cute Jake. “Thanks, slick!” She quickly dressed and stood upright for the new silly human suggestion.
Jimbo slowly stood upright and sniffed the air waves smelling Praelle's floral perfume and Xambree's angel sweet vanilla odor. He moved ahead and then leaped off the bed mattress, landing down on the floor with a loud thump, right beside Xambree, leading the direction from the bedroom suite like he understood the command from Arcturus.
Xambree looked down and followed the doggie tail on Jimbo with a smile, scooting around the bed frame, exiting the bedroom suite.
Yusi nodded to Jake one more time and wiggled his eyebrows for fun, spinning around with a soft giggle, following behind Xambree.
Jimbo trotted through the living room setting that was located at the top level at the Bam U Football Tower staring down thirteen floors at the manicured lawn and pods of gardens that contained small trees, colorful flowers, and rows of short bushes. The top floor inside the building housed several other empty and vacant apartment rooms for the visiting parents of Jake Gunter and his dad's adult friends, during each football game. At the end of the long hallway, a duplicate apartment room contained an assistance coach who was really a privately paid body guard for the billionaire's son that wanted to live on the Birmingham State University campus grounds with his pals.
The long entrance wall displayed a set of double doors that were locked each night and double-checked by the "assistant coach" every early morning and late evening. No females were allowed after seven pm as the football players finished homework assignments, ate the evening meals, and rested for evening with the next day's football practice or game.
The long entrance wall was painted on bottom in a maroon hue and white tinted paint on the upper portion. Two of the solid walls displayed a picture of Jake from an elementary child to high school.
Hugh Gunter, Jake's dad had donated both the land and the money. Then he had contracted a business deal to build the tall Football Tower, while he had been paid by with Birmingham State University monies that actually had been collected from every single working Alabamian as a state income taxes. 
You go and scratch your head and figure that one out!
And Mrs. Gunter, Jake's mom owned and operated an interior design shop. Then she had contracted a business deal to decorate all the floor levels and each room inside the Football Tower while she had been paid by the Birmingham State University funds, where the university had received all of its monies from the State of Alabama government through all the collected state income taxes that had come from every single working Alabamian.
Ditto!
In-between each painted portrait or the glossy photograph of Jake Gunter, a glass armoire book shelf had been built to house all of his academic and sports awards, since three years old by his mom, of course.
On the opposite wall, a row of glass windows gleamed in cleanliness and displayed the bright sun rays, the tallest tree tops, and the far away rolling hills of Oppton.
One of the two short side walls exhibited a gigantic plasma television screen on the painted wall that was surrounded with numerous ceiling to floor built-in shelves which contained pieces of numerous electronic equipment, such like, movie player, a musical disc player, a radio, remote control devises for an electronic game, computer equipment to contact his parents on the monitor. The television screen was colored in black and powered down without activity.
On the other side wall, the center of the space contained a set of double doors that were closed off and surrounded by more individual pictures of Jake and his family in-between a glass book shelf with his sports and academic awards.
In the middle of the room, two long sofa, several sitting chairs, and four recliners with associated side tables formed a comfortable living room setting that curved around the large space and faced the plasma television screen, of course, for the social hour with his friends or the solitude evening for Jake.
Jimbo reached the other side wall first and then stopped, leaning his muzzle into the tiny door crack, opening one side of the wooden door. He entered and waddled into the new dark room. The lighted lamps on the ceiling automatically powered on when a heated body entered the room. However, the lighting was subtle and non-blinking for each gamer to enjoy the game machines.
The interior walls inside the game room were decorated in wooden panels. The short entrance wall held an individual electronic booth on each side of the door frame that housed numerous computer electronic games, where a single brave gamer could fight off a roaring fake lion or command a fleet of star ships. Or the gamer could plug into the other two electronic game systems which were located inside the living room setting or on the same wall inside the game room.
On the opposite wall from the short entrance wall, there were built-in book shelves that held more pieces of computer and electronic gear and equipment that operated the electronic game system and a wall of life-sized game machines. And there was a center door which was closed that led into the parallel apartment room.
On the long wall, a row of machines stood ready and attention but silence without a gamer.
The opposite long wall did not exhibit a glass window but a long counter with numerous high stools that provided food and refreshments for the hunger gamers that worked up a healthy appetite in one wall corner. The opposite wall corner displayed a wooden poker table with cards and fake chips for some gambling fun. In the middle of the room, a billiards table stood at attention and silence also.
Jimbo turned and padded ahead towards the poker table that provided a set of padded chairs, stopping underneath the dark surface, spinning around to view his two guests. The two humans entered the room in silence. Jimbo dropped down on the cool wooden floor and rested his chin on top of his crossed legs, staring at the feet on each human.
Xambree followed Jimbo through the open door and used her angel senses, and then stopped, sliding down into one of the empty poker chairs, slapping her hands onto the curved wood, looking down at the funny design with curiosity. When she returned back home to heaven, Xambree would need to ask Dallas about the human table with the funny designs. Dallas would know as he knew all about the human word.
Yusi entered the game room and then spun around, gently closing the door while viewing the bedroom suite situation.
Jake led his group of Bam U friends out from the bedroom setting and parked his butthole in the middle of one of the two long sofas tapping his hand on the leather fabric, waiting on set of his friends for a serious discussion about the topics of kidnappings and championships.
Inside the game room, on the opposite wall of the living room, where Jake and his college friends were talking, Yusi spun around with a worried brow from the closed door and slowly strolled ahead to the same poker table, scooting down into an empty chair, staring at Xambree. His smart brain cells was clicking with one thousand and one questions about her and Jake, but his heavy heart overruled his mind with both caution and worry and as his eyeballs stared into the unique landscape in the small town of Oppton.
The small town of Oppton is marked with rolling groves of tall trees, low valleys of flat grassy pastures with cows and horses, and then coastal plains of sandy soil and shady pine trees.
Within the rolling hills, rugged topography shows thick forests with exposed rock boulders from the Appalachian Mountain Range with small running creek waters.  
Inside the game room, at the poker table without an active fun game of cards, Yusi nodded with a stern face at Xambree, “May I inquire from you, miss, what exactly is happening here inside Jake's room?”
“My name is Xambree. It is my pleasure to meet your person,” Xambree smiled and reached down, stroking the furry bone skull on Jimbo, since all animals were sensitive to nice or evil supernatural life forms, such like, an angel from heaven.
He bowed his chin in respect to the lady. “I’m Yusi. I must say that I am used to, too, many of Jake’s pals occupying his suite; but you come as a complete stunning mystery.”
Xambree nodded with a stern face. “I am afraid that these are quiet some unusual circumstances occurring inside Jake's apartment room, Yusi. Why does football player and college student and human male Arcturus insult your person?”
“O that! Why do I allow Arcturus to insult my person?” He flipped around and leaned down at the side wall, opening the built-in tiny refrigerator door, selecting two bottles of spring water, tossing one to Xambree.
She caught with one hand as her free hand was still patting on the bone skull on Jimbo, lifting her, screwing off the cap. “That mental thought had crossed my active mind.” Xambree sipped the cold water and stared at Yusi.
“My stars!” He gasped in shock and then removed his pair of eyeballs, cleaning the glass lenses, placing them back onto his face. He pointed at her with a smile. “Are you really Xambree, the hot new Burn U long kicker? Of course, you are. Well, slap me silly! Arcturus referenced you as a Burn U Babe. I am sorry, I am slow sometimes.”
“I’m receiving the distinct impression that you’re very swift, instead, Yusi.”
He smiled and sipped the bottle of water. “Thank you, Xambree! I must say that it is refreshing to be able to converse with one or two civilized life forms inside Jake's apartment room, from time to time. But, I’m still confused with your presence here. However, I adapt quickly at noting any and all physical changes. Did Arcturus harm you with one of his vicious, violent punches? I can't help to view the dark blue bruise on your left cheekbone.” He drunk the water.
“What do you think?”
He nodded. “Oh, dear. It was Cecil without a doubt. That big ugly boy-man is poco loco and crazy, when seriously intoxicated on numerous slurps of alcoholic beers. He was intoxicated, wasn’t he? But you didn’t go on a date with big strong Cecil. He exclusively belongs to Doray. So, my final conclusion, you are here not of your own doing.”
She winked. “You’re very swift, Yusi.” Xambree sipped on the open bottle.
“Is Jake involved in this serious matter too? I can answer that inquiry myself. No, he’s too smart. So, the obvious answer belonged to both Gizmo and Cecil, the dumbo duo who does not know," he giggled with a nod. "Cecil only sits upright inside a recliner chair and shoves handfuls of food while playing a set of wickedly electronic computer games or he is cuddling his girlfriend Doray. Gizmo likes to imitate Cecil, but I take it as in-breeding fourteen redneck cousin trait thing," he gasped in alarm and covered his lips, shaking his bone skull with a meek voice. "Please don’t mention that to either of those gigantic young and healthy college men.”
She shook her curls with a stern face, “Never! I promise.”
“Poor, chaps! Jake’s family has tons of money to help them escape the four-walled prison cell. But, are you going to press criminal charges against those two stupid fellows?”
“No.”
He frowned, “Then, young miss, why are still here inside Jake's apartment room? I simply don’t understand you or the delicate situation.” Yusi sipped the water.
“I...” can't tell you my secret angel assignment, Yusi.
He nodded. “I can act on your behalf as a lawyer but actually the jury doesn’t acknowledge me, either. I see the quiet reserve of puzzlement. You should not frown, darling. You’ll get these ugly wrinkles on your cute face. I am not a friend to Jake; I’m his tutor.”
“Tutor!” She frowned. “Jake appears to possess a smart cell inside his brain.”
“As well as you, Bama Babe along with these great...legs.” He giggles then tattles. “Jake’s IQ is well above average, good in science and math. He thoroughly enjoys investigating Ancient 
World History books, as well as, world geography which is not a  good major for acquiring a paying job within this fast moving technology economy. But, you pretty much know this as I. His dad is very wealthy human. Jake has an entire business company waiting for him, after his college graduation. I adjust properly waiting for him, after his PNFL graduation,” giggling.
“What is the PFL?” She frowned.
He nodded. “As a female, you might not know this manly sport. The initials of PFL represent the Professional Football League that employs numerous young adult athletics straight out of college for some extra-ordinary football accomplishments. Jake ranks right up there with his exceptional height and an outstanding throwing arm, making him the first pick prospect for the PFL draft. His dad is very proud; but poor Jake ain’t. He doesn’t wanna go and play with the other professional football players. Jake wants to go and live life. He wants to help other people in his hometown and beyond.”
She smiled. “Jake had exhibited all those heavenly and angelic traits during my short tenure here while visiting the Bam U campus, early and late this morning.”
He pointed at Xambree with a smile. “Case in point is his fiancé Praelle! Now, if there was ever a lost cause in the world, that girl has found, finds, and flaunts it good. I do not enjoy her company. So, it works wonderfully that my companionship is limited with only her boyfriend Jake. I can see you’re a woman of many thoughts. Yes, I flaunt my talents, as well. I’m swift and use it to finance my own academic schooling here at Bam U. Jake, like I mentioned before, is smart but not near the genius level like me. As the top rated quarterback here at the university, he is required to practice and play, practice and play. I repeated that to be funny; but you are not laughing.”
Xambree showed her teeth and then grunted for her amusement.
Yusi gasped in shock and then nodded with a smile. “Thanks for that rough vocal compliment! I think. So, Jake spends his time practicing, training, weight lifting, eating, sleeping, studying and the rest of nights with his girlfriend Praelle. So, you can conclude there is not much time for intense book learning here at a book-learning institution of higher education. Therefore, Jake is working on a college degree in marketing. This degree is one of the easiest to obtain and receive without pressure. However, I am not impressed either. So, I come into the luxury pic. I provide that extra education that daddy pays for in academic subjects of English literature, world history, world geography, calculus, chemistry, biology, and the academic list goes on and on. I’ve been his personal tutor for five years. My services will end in the month of May, when Jake graduates college and then attacks the PFL locker room. Any questions, I’m accepting for the next ten minutes,” smiling with amusement.
She smiled. “My question isn’t about Jake, but about you. What is your college degree here at Birmingham State University, the home of the growling Cougars, Yuri?”
He gasped in shock and then grinned, slapping his chest. “I’m majoring in physics which is the natural study of matter and the execution of purposeful directed motion through space or time...”
"…along with accumulating a bank account of cash money.”
“You’re so cruel, babe! Yes, I work too. I hope to perform these vital services in medical physics. A solid-state physics are the ancient transistors in radios and computer chips in 1980’s. New medical physicists are employed as engineers or applied mathematicians or computer scientists that invented the X-rays, nuclear magnetic resonance, ultrasound, particle accelerators, and radioisotope tagging machines.”
“MRI, CT, PET.”
He clapped with a nod. “Very good, love! That set of medical techno-wonders for radiology imaging on all and any human body part and treating any and all diseases have saved countless life forms from tiny toddlers to tall teens to wonderful moms by delivering a set of selected beams of energetic electrons attacking and destroying any and all malignant tumors thus stopping the cancer growth inside the brain, head, neck, and other fleshy spots.”
“So, you are labeled as a physics gear-head.”
“I’m going to become a sim ..."
“Simulation engineer.”
“Good, babe! I’m impressed with your brain matter and your body, Xambree.” He sipped his water and then continued. “I currently perform all the advanced 3D techno stuff in the new holographic images and pics for one of the local hospitals while working in the medical field with sicker patients …”
She nodded. “I am so sorry. Your biological mom had died from breast cancer.”
He gasped in shock, “How!” Yusi looked down at the floor and whispered softly. “She had died in pain. I miss her and love her so much …”
“You are a very brave human male, Yusi. I wish you the greatest luck in finding a medical cure for all cancer cells inside all females that battle against breast cancer, especially every and each mother.”
He looked up and wiped the sad tears, nodding with a slight smile to Xambree, “That’s my mission. Now, let’s discuss and talk your dilemma.”
She smiled. “Will you graduate with Jake in the month of May?”
“That is a great question which will be countered with a perfect answer. Yes, I’ll finish my doctoral degree in the field of physics. Good field, but lousy jobs! I plan to look and accept anything that wants me like the other 100,000 plus new grads throughout the USA. And yes, I can see the question in your mind. Jake has offered to employ me for a paying job. However, the issue here, his company does not belong to Jake. The company is owned and operated by his dad. Once Jake appeases his dad and drowns both his soul and body down into the Professional Football League and impressed his dad, Jake will call-in his marker while hopefully landing me a ton of working opportunities that pays salary, benefits, and membership inside Plato’s Gym.”
She nodded. “I’m very impressed with your brain cells, Yusi.”
He nodded. “Thank you! Now, this talk is enough about me and Jake. So, how are we going to sneak you out of Jake's apartment room, without the entire offensive line tossing down a yellow flag alert?”
She shook her curls with a sour frown. “I shouldn’t leave, just yet. That action might get someone hurt.”
“You fight and kick, too. I’m impressed, baby. Do you have a boyfriend? I’m available.” He winked with a soft giggle.
She smiled. “You like boys, not girls, Yusi.”
He gasped in shock and nodded with a wink. “Bless my soul! Are you the clever preceptor here? What gave me away? I know. My hairstyle. My sweet personality. No, my word perfect vocabulary, well, maybe not. Any life form that can articulate the noun and verb combo with a single creative adjective maybe adding a proper adverb that can impress any backwoods redneck here in Alabama.” She chuckled. He smiled. “Good! I entertain rather than scare your face. Please, please, don’t tell that to Cecil, either. I’m really scared of Cecil.”
She nodded with a stern face in silence.
He nodded with a stern face. “Good! Thank you! You are honest, trust worthy, and beauty. Back to my original question, why can’t you leave here from Jake's apartment room? I do not understand. A glass window is very expensive and opens very easily without the squeaky sound like the cheap stuff. Then you can descend down onto the ground lawn and then clearly dash into the lush woodlands with an assortment of wild forest animals. You can get lost for days and days within those coyote-infected-forests. Cecil is a bit of coward when he steps outside alone from his shared dorm room in the dark, but that’s my blackmailing secret.” She giggled with a nod. He smiled. “Are you hiding a hand gun, babe?” She shook her curls. Yusi frowned. “O! I had a good idea going there, if you had been packing, mama. Let’s see! No gun. No tire iron. No hammer. I know. Let’s use our brains and talk to Jake!” He laughed.
Xambree nodded with a smile. “I like that plan, Yusi.”
Both of the double doors burst open and then slammed into each wall door stop in silence, slamming the two doors back into the angry face on  Cecil. He growled and cursed out loud, slapping one of the door open, standing inside the open archway, thumbing back over his collar bone into the living room and sneered at Yusi. “Yoshit, come out and bring the Burn U babe back into the living room. We have a final solution,” he back stepped and spun around, moving back into the living room, taking his same recliner chair at the end of the curved wave of individual furniture pieces.
Xambree started to stand and shifted her bare feet and then stopped, sitting back down with a sour frown in silence. As a new human female without her angel strength that came with her tallness and strong bones, she greatly desired to dash ahead and yank both of Cecil’s earlobes off his ugly bone skull. She exhaled with angry and slowly drew deep breathes of calmness, leaning down with a smile, stroking the glossy bluish coarse hair on Jimbo. She whispered into his face. “Cecil is a lucky human male, isn’t he, Jimbo?”
“Ah-woo!” Jimbo bayed out loud and sensed her angel mind while echoing her unkind angel thoughts.
Xambree, Jimbo, and Yusi, in that order, slowly exited the game room and then re-entered back into the living room setting, waiting for the next command from one of the Bam U students.
Inside the living room, Cecil sat the end of the semi-half circle beside his girlfriend Doray in the sitting chair,  holding his hand, staring with a stern face at the three life forms.
Rashab sat alone in a sitting chair with an empty chair in-between his body and Doray and the empty sofa furniture piece.
On top of the second sofa, Jake cuddled with his fiancé Praelle. She was not holding his hand but bounced up and down with worry, staring at the three life forms.
At the end point of the semi-half circle, Gizmo occupied the recliner chair and stared with a stern face at the three life forms, sitting beside his friend Arcturus.
Arcturus sat in the chair beside his girlfriend Sharonette. She sat in the chair and wore a worried brow regarding the Burn U female, staring at the three life forms.
Yusi stopped and stood in front of the gigantic television screen, staring at each student within the semi-half circle wave in silence.
Jimbo stopped and stood beside Yusi, staring at the Bam U students without baying.
Xambree slid beside Jimbo and smiled at the circle of students.
Cecil laughed. “Court’s in session, ya'll.”
Arcturus sneered and waved his hand at the Bam U. "Yusi, get away from the Burn U babe! Come and sit down beside me in the sitting chair."
Yusi turned and nodded with a sour frown at Xambree. She looked at Yusi and nodded in silence for him to obey the semi-circle of silly humans also. Yusi returned back with a stern face and padded ahead, sitting down alone in the middle of the second long sofa, staring at Xambree in silence again.
Jake leaned down from the cushion and clapped his hands with a smile, staring at his dog. "Jimbo, come here and sit in front of me!" Jimbo turned and stared at his master, growling with worry for the angel. An animal was much smarter and more sensitive to a supernatural creature rather than a simple-minded human. Jake jerked upright and gasped in shock, continuing to stare at Jimbo with fear and confusion, viewing the dog's fangs in white hue.
On top of the sofa with Jake, Praelle reached over with a smirk and slapped the naked forearm skin on Jake, sneering down at Jimbo. "That dog has to go, right after we boot that girl from your lovely apartment room, Jake, honey. That dog is madly crazy over that new girl. So, time to take out two trash cans," laughing.
Cecil nodded with a stern face to Xambree and ordered with a stern tone to Jake. “Tell her, Jake!”
Jake scooted on the edge of the cushion while feeling uncomfortably worry, scratching his hairy bone skull with a free hand, nodding with a slight smile to Xambree. “Miss...”
Rashab growled with nervousness. “Go on and get this thing over with, right now, Jake!”
“Miss...”
“Xambree.” She winked at Jake.
Praelle gasped in shock and then pointed with a sneer at Xambree. “Ugly Thing is a much brighter and a better name, Jake, honey.”
Jake turned and growled at the nose profile on his girl. “Praelle, behave!” He returned back and nodded with a smile to Xambree. “Miss Xambree, we have made a final decision. And I have been elected to inform you of the final decision. You are going to stay here at the Bam U campus and temporarily stay with my girlfriend Praelle, her roommate friend Doray, and her other roommate friend Sharonette inside their dormitory shared room space, until we complete ...”
“Jake means in a set of shorter sentences here," Gizmo laughed and slapped his chest. "When Bam U finally wins the National University Championship Football Game without your interfering female presence, Burn U babe, you and your foot are too dangerous ...”
“I must object here!" Xambree stomped her naked foot and waved both of her arms in the air while lifting one hand up towards the ceiling like it represented heaven. "You are bringing the wrath of ...”
Her archangel dad was watching his blood daughter and the curved row of mischievous humans down here on the Earth plane from his sitting chair within the heaven realm as his angel daughter's super natural protective powers were bundled for her special angel duty, on purpose. The row of silly young adult human males and females were interfering with her personal angel assignment but more importantly here, if one of these silly humans tried to harm her person with a terrible broken bone or a personal spilling of her blood splatters, then her dad would come down to Planet Earth and protect Xambree using his awesome angel powers plus his violence vengeance as a death angel.
Xambree continued to stand and dropped both of her arms, slapping her side, exhaling with worry for the row of clueless but misbehaving humans. She nodded with a fake smile. “I do believe that equal justice against all of you will be serviced. Please, go back and think like a higher intelligent creation and do re-concern for your own recourse in this delicate situation and please release me.”
“What she say, Gizmo?” Cecil turned and frowned at his friend.
Rashab nodded with a smile. "She is good! I like her style and complex vocabulary. However, the answer is no, a negative, a non-positive, a zero, a nada, a...
Doray nodded with a stern face at Xambree. "Does she have any personal items here?”
Rashab pointed at the item with a wink. “Only Jake’s tee shirt that looks good on her body.”
“Toss her the bag of clothes.” Gizmo pointed at Xambree.
Praelle leaned down and then stood upright, pitching a small pink tinted bag of her clothes to Xambree, sneering at the girl. “Go and get dressed for your upcoming and temporary, girly imprisonment, Ugly Thing!” She continued to stand and stared with a sour frown at Xambree.
Jake turned and sneered at the nose profile on Praelle. “We are nice and passionate humans. So, become nicer, Praelle!”
Xambree leaned down and reached out, grabbing the pink bag with the borrowed clothing, standing upright, scooting down the wall and then vanished into Jake's bedroom. She slammed the door with a huff of annoyance and squatted down, opening the bag, dragging out the pink tinted sundress. She tried to dress with the girly item and then removed the dress from her face, shouting out loud through the closed door, “I am afraid this is not going to work here, Jake!”
Inside the living room, Praelle trotted to the closed door and spun around, slapping the wood, laughing out loud, “Do you hear that? She's too fat.”
Through the solid wood, Xambree yelled back. “Your sundress is not big enough to cover my chest, doll!” Each male laughed out loud and pointed at the wooden door with lust.



Thirty minutes later...
11:04 am

Female Dormitory Tower
2nd floor level location

Living room setting
Apartment for Praelle, Doray and Sharonette
Sunny skies and 58ºF

The combination living room consisted of a cherry wooden dining room table with eight straight-back chairs. On the side wall, a row of kitchen steel appliances with a shiny steel sink in-between the purple granite counters with a eating bar and five padded bar stools. The row of kitchen cabinets nicely hid the eating plates, cooking pans, and hand utensils, except for Cecil, he still used his finger pads and thumbs for eating his food at his girlfriend's apartment suite.
Each wall was painted in a shiny and clean oyster pale beige with the life-sized monogram letter B symbol of bright hot pink on the center long wall without any other letters.
Nailed on each side of the life-sized monogram letter between the other shiny and clean oyster pale beige were a set of gigantic life-size pictures on Praelle consisting of Praelle and her majorette suit with the reddish-purple top and matching hot shorty shorts, white knee high boots, and silver baton wrapped in maroon ribbons; Praelle and her yellow sundress and yellow ankle-stripped high heels next to her parents: Praelle and her orange short and orange sneakers hugging her boyfriend Jake; Praelle and her dotted-Swiss red evening gown, silver tiara and Miss Bama State University sash across her shoulder; Praelle and her majorette suit with the other majorettes on the football field during a football game.
Below the rows of pictures of Praelle and the life-sized monogrammed letter B, the lower center wall contained a large plasma television in-between a lovely carved red tinted cherry wooden built-in doors and shelves hiding the nice set of electronic toys, including two DVD players, one game box, not used, and three “carrying around in your hands” big pink-colored boom boxes for practicing their majorette routines inside the dorm or outside upon the grass lawn with the band musical songs.
On the opposite long wall the blonde tinted wooden floor gleamed in bright sunlight from the overhead vaulted sky lights, beaming heat from three sets of glass doors on the patio wall. The glass windows and the glass doors were shut permanently with eight 4x4 wooden boards covering the top, the middle, and the bottom of delicate glass panes.
From the white tinted square shaped archway, twenty-two years old college student Doray entered her shared apartment room and then stopped, standing a few feet in front of a wall of brown tinted ugly wooden boards that had blocked the patio glass door and windows, pointing at each damaged object with confusion. “Someone has nailed those things across our patio door! Go and call maintenance right now, immediately! We’re all trapped here and can't get out in case of a fiery fire. Then we will …”
The entrance door opened.
"Shut up, Doray!" Praelle entered her shared apartment room and yelled at her friend shoving Xambree into the large common room, slapping the door shut. She stopped a few feet from the shut door and stared with sour frown at her uninvited guest Xambree. “Now, Ugly Thing can’t escape from us and ran away and contact the local federal bureau office and arrest Cecil and Gizmo! Cecil damaged the patio doors and the windows. He called and got someone to bang the ugly wooden boards over our patio doors and the windows."
Xambree stopped and stood in the middle of the room, scanning each wall with a smile, saying out loud. “The letter B represents Bramlett or Birmingham or Bi …”
"Shut it down and shut up, Ugly Thing.” Praelle pointed at the long wall at the single sofa in pink tint. Xambree spun around and stared at the long wall with the single aqua tinted sofa, giggling with amusement, moving ahead with a smile. She stopped and spun around, sitting down, scanning the room again in silence.
Doray spun around and tapped on the screen of her personal mobile telephone, reading the latest text messages from her boyfriend Cecil. “Where is our new guest Xambree going to sleep for the night? There are only three separate bedrooms and they are all occupied. And she can’t fit with her tall body on top of the short sofa, being so tall for a cute teen.” She looked up and winked at Xambree. Xambree looked up and nodded with a smile to Doray.
Praelle whipped out her mobile telephone phone and looked down, tapping on the screen, snarling out loud. “Our new guest will sleep inside your lavender scented bedroom, Doray!” She looked up and sneered at Doray. “You will move and bunk with Sharonette inside one of her twin beds, until Ugly Thing over there is gone with the wind as the southern people like to quote.” Doray gasped in shock and shook her red tinted curls in silence. Praelle nodded with a sour frown, “That is the least you can do, since your boy Cecil had caused this major problem for my guy Jake.”
Sharonette opened the entrance door and held a handful of delivered mail consisting of sealed envelopes and glossy magazines, moving into the common room, stopping in front of the dining room table. She had retrieved the delivered mail from the mail box located down inside the common entrance lobby setting. She was sorting each piece in a tiny pile for Praelle, Doray, and herself.
Sharonette stopped the sort and stared down at the sealed white tinted envelope with her full name typed on the outside with curiosity. She ripped open the lid on the envelope and lifted up the folded letter, silently reading the words and then lifted, waving the letter near her frown. “What does this letter mean, Praelle? Does it affect me? This letter has my name on it, not my dad’s. I never receive a sealed letter here from the university. Why did I got a letter from the school, Praelle?”
Praelle advanced to the dining room and stopped beside Sharonette, extending her hand, snatching the letter. She read in silence and then exhaled with annoyance. “Woman up, Doray! And for Pete’s sake, do not start crying either for the lost of your room or your Cecil. Jake will see his butthole in jail for this stupid stunt, if this stupid stunt costs Bam U the football championship.” She looked up and frowned at Sharonette. “Did your complete your American History project on time for class, Sharonette?”
Sharonette smiled. “O! That one! Is it important? I plan to start my project right after the ending of the championship game.”
Doray moved ahead on her pair of three-inched heeled shoes and huddled with the other two majorettes, nodding to Sharonette. “Your World History project was due last Friday, before the weekend, Sharonette. I finished mine and received the letter grade of C for cool project. My Cecil is so proud of me, Praelle.”
Praelle turned and laughed at Doray and returned back to Sharonette. “Good for you, Doray! Bad for you, Sharonette! You will receive the letter grade of F for fruitcake.” She laughed out loud as Sharonette burst into tears of worry.
The mobile telephone rung with a soft pop girly love musical song. Praelle looked down and viewed her ringing phone, studying the familiar telephone number then answers sweetly. “Princess P is here!” She tossed the letter back to Sharonette with a sneer.
Sharonette caught the letter and looked down, re-reading the words with worry in silence.
Praelle listened to the other voice on the end of her phone and then smiled. “Excellent suggestion!” She looked down and checked the time on her designer wrist watch, saying into the speaker. “I’m leaving right now. Pick you up in ten minutes or less! I know exactly what to do. So, stay cool!” She spun around with a smile and pocketed her phone into her purse, advancing to the closed door.
Sharonette handed the letter to Doray. Doray read the information and looked up with a smile, pointing down at the letter. “Your letter states that you still can turn in your World History project to Dr. J anytime today during any one of his many academic classes. The last one class wraps up at five pm. Sharonette, we can do this together. Then you can present the project at five…”
Praelle reached the side wall and touched the door knob, shouting out loud at her friends. “Do not miss the standard marching band photo session for the media newspaper that starts at four pm, today. Do you remember, majorettes? This is our last photo gag, right before the big playoff championship football game, tomorrow afternoon. You will be there or be here watching the row of majorettes twirl our baton on the gigantic plasma television screen.”
Doray spun around and frowned at the back spine on Praelle. “Praelle, the majorette photo session ends at six pm. We got plenty of time for our friend Sharonette to complete her history project. Then she can turn it into …”
Praelle sneered at the wood. “The majorette photo session is at four pm, sharp! I gotta go out and get my nails done,” she lifted up her hand in the air and displayed a set of perfectly manicured coral colored finger polished nails, giggling with amusement. “And both of you carefully watch, Ugly Thing! She cannot leave. Or you get to feel my naughty side, majorettes.” she opened the door and exited the shared apartment room, slamming the door with a loud bang.
Within the apartment room, in front of the table, Sharonette burst into wet tears and covered her face with worry. Doray leaned over and hugged the two shoulder on Sharonette, nodding with a worried brow. “This is going to be okay, Sharonette. Don’t bother with Praelle. She’s mean and jealous of us.” She released Sharonette and spun around, sticking her tongue at the closed door, returning back to see Xambree, nodding with a grin, “Xambree, she can help us, isn't that right, Xambree?”
Xambree nodded in silence and stood upright from the sofa cushion while welcoming the new invitation with a set of new human friends, since she had only met a new set of human enemies.
She smiled. “Are you a nice girl and not like those other mean people?”
Xambree huddled with the two majorettes and extended her hand, smiling at a crying Sharonette, pitching. “May I see the paper letter please?”
Doray handed the letter to Xambree. “You have a set of very nice southern belle manners, Xambree.” Xambree nodded with a grin and looked down, silently reading the contents. Doray frowned at the cheekbone on Xambree. “You don't have an accent.”
Xambree looked up and frowned at Doray. “What is a 'no accent'? I do not understand.”
“Why don’t you talk using your words with a southern accent, like me and Sharonette?” She frowned with confusion.
“I’m not original from the South here; but I do enjoy the land and the laughs.” Xambree laughed. Doray frowned. Xambree cleared her throat and pointed down at the letter, “The World History class assignment project is due this afternoon. So, what are we constructing, Sharonette?”
Sharonette continued to stand in front of the table and shook her curls, wiping her tears with the lady handkerchief, looking up to see Xambree. “I don’t know. I honestly planned to start my project right after Saturday’s football game. I didn’t realize it was due last week. I haven’t any ideas or topics or …”
Xambree smiled at her new friend and reached out, patting the forearm on Xambree. “You’re an honest girl, Sharonette. I believe you and I’ll help you with your college project. Are there any restrictions like a specific event you can’t duplicate for your class assignment, Sharonette?” Sharonette shook her curls in silence. Xambree nodded. “Excellent! I have an idea. Since this is history about the world, I suggest a diorama of some famous human girls that had lived here on Planet Earth.” She softly giggled with her secret using her angel magic.
Sharonette will receive the letter grade of A and pass her history class and then graduate college  moving ahead with a long and lovely life with her boyfriend Arcturus.
“Diorama! What is that? Do you mean to construct a circle like the planet we live on which is called Earth?” Doray frowned.
Xambree shook her silver tinted curls, “We seek and find four famous human girls within world history and then build a history stage object and present in a circle, a diorama.” Doray and Sharonette nodded with laughter.
Xambree nodded. “We will request some working materials, such like, a discarded cardboard box for the flat bottom on the stationary base holding our new diorama college project. Four girly play dolls to represent the project’s four famous human girls…”
“The human girls, what human girls?” Sharonette frowned.
She nodded. “I believe one of the four human girls should be Queen Cleopatra. She was an interesting human female within the ancient world history here on Planet Earth.” Xambree had not known the human female but had picked up one of her reincarnated souls just recently, learning all of her human past down on Planet Earth.
Doray bounced up and down on her high heeled fashion shoes. “Yeah! Queen Cleopatra ruled the country of Egypt which is still located within the eastern hemisphere in the world. So, let’s add another royal human girl too! Queen Elizabeth, the first represented her birth country of England which is still located within the northern hemisphere of the world globe map.”
Sharonette nodded. “Good thinking, Doray! I will pick a human girl from the western hemisphere, which is us, the good old USA. How about human girl Betsy Ross? Betsy Ross was kinda like our first royal queen here of the USA. She had sewed the first American flag for our American freedom from a torn, sorta clean red tinted jacket coat coming from each dead and not buried British soldier during the famous Revolutionary War in the year 1776. We can paint a symbol of the red, white, and blue colored American flag on the background cardboard. How does that sound to ya'll?”
Doray nodded. “Yeah, good idea, Sharonette! There is an old discarded cardboard box outside in the hallway on our floor. Praelle had ordered something and then dumped her big ugly boxes outside the doorway for the cleaning crew working the daily trash pickup. I’ll be right back,” she exited the room and then quickly returning, toting a gigantic cardboard with both hands that blocked her face and stopped a few feet from the table. She dropped the box down on the floor and squatted down, examining the condition of the bottom panel for the project in silent. She reached down into her designer purse and pulled out her pen knife.  Every true southern bell carried around a personal pen knife that came from their southern daddy with love and protection. And Doray's daddy happened to favor a switchblade knife over the smaller version blade. She pressed the button with a chuckle and reached down, slowly cutting off the bottom panel from the square-shaped formation that prepared the flat piece for the college diorama project.
Xambree and Sharonette started shuffling away each dining room chair, creating a work station on top of the table surface and halted, standing beside each other.
Sharonette turned with a smile and reached out, gently touching the naked arm on Xambree, nodding with a soft voice. “Thanks for helping me, Xambree! I’m really sorry about all of this mess and a messy Praelle. She usually is a really nice person. She is tense about the upcoming playoff championship football game and the star quarterback, her fiancé Jake. She goes insanely crazy nuts, if anything involves Jake, the love of her life and the groom to her bride.” She rolls her eyeballs and returned back, leaning over, whispering into the eardrum on Xambree. “I will leave the entrance door un-locked for tonight, so you can escape and go back home to the Bam U campus grounds,” she nodded in silence. Xambree nodded back with a smile in silence. Sharonette continued. “I heard you say that you will not go and tattle to the local police department about the silly thing Gizmo and Cecil did. I do believe you, girlfriend …”
“Cecil!” Doray yelled out and stood upright from the floor, holding the shiny switchblade beside her fake smile, staring at the two bumped rear skulls on Xambree and Sharonette while guessing their whispered plot of a simple escape route for the Burn U babe. Sharonette was a softly wussie, unlike a hard-nosed Praelle. Sharonette and Xambree swiftly broke apart and spun around with a gasp, staring at the pointy blade on the knife.
Doray flipped the blade down into the metal slot, slowly moved ahead with a smirk, and then stopped, standing in-between each girl, turning to smile at the face on Xambree. “What about Cecil, Sharonette? Did he call for me? Did I miss his vocal or text message?” She reached down and replaced the switchblade for her personal mobile telephone, lifting the item near her lips and continued to smirk to Xambree. “Did you say something about my guy Cecil, Sharonette?”
Sharonette gasped in guilt and spun around, dashing ahead toward the long wall, shouting out loud in panic like a pretty wussie. “I have some play dolls. I mean, they were my play dolls when I was a little kid. My mom wanted me to take them and remember her and our home when I  had been a little kid. My mom is my only parent, so she misses me not being around the house. I'll go and got my collection of play dolls that hide inside my wardrobe closet for the college diorama project. Excuse me!” She quickly exited the living room and dashed ahead into her private bedroom.
Doray placed the flat cardboard item on top of the table along with her phone and leaned over, whispering into the face on Xambree. “Do not think about crossing Praelle, Xambree. She has ordered you here. Period! She is boss of all of us in here. Period! I like you, Xambree. You are a sweet cinnamon roll at my breakfast table and a very proper and nice southern belle like me, even if you don’t carry a sweet southern twang. But I am sorry that you got caught in our fishing net.”
Xambree nodded with a stern face in silence while listening to warning.
Doray exhaled with worry and continued. “Cecil, he is my guy. I love him with all my heart and my soul. And I do not want anything to happen to him whether it is his or not his fault. Do you get my drift, babe?”
Xambree nodded with a stern face in silence.
Doray spun around with a smile and watched the long wall. Sharonette re-appeared and toted a basket of play dolls, moving ahead back to the table surface. Doray shouted out loud with a fake smile. “What have you got there, darling?”
Sharonette stopped and placed a basket on top of the table, looking down with a smile, lifting up four play dolls and a box of permanent colored markers in each cupped hand.“Well, I didn't find my personally play doll collection here. I guessed that I had taken it back home one day when I had visited my mom. But I found this stuff. When we all had started college together on the first afternoon, after we had all unpacked and then tried on each other designer clothes in this apartment room, Praelle gave each one of us her doll statue. Each play doll was a sweet gift from Jake for his girl Praelle becoming a twirling majorette in the Bam U marching band,” she dropped three of the dolls and the box of markers, holding one doll near her smile. “This play doll looks just like Praelle with a tone of pale skin, a head of long blonde hair, and a plastic attitude …”
“Sharonette! you must be very careful here. Praelle wears a pair of supernatural eardrums that can hear ugly words of her person within one hundred miles,” she reached down and snatched up one of the dolls, playing with a head of blonde hair. “Praelle gave us each a doll as a treasure keepsake in our old age like when we’re thirty years old. This play doll will become a collector item, someday.”
“Someday is here and my play doll is collecting dust on top of my vanity bureau,” Sharonette dropped the doll and reached down into the basket, pulling a piece of fabric. She measured the gold fabric with a set of fake gems on the first play doll, who was going to represent Queen Cleopatra. “I need to finish my project, today. I need to pass my world history class, today. And Praelle is not going to help, whether she’s nude or not,” she laughed with the others.
Xambree reached out and patted the flat board with a smile. “Here is the flat base on the diorama. Let’s start by dividing the square into four equal parts with a cardboard backdrop. One backdrop should be painted an American flag with stars and stripes on one-fourth of the square for the Queen of the USA, Mrs. Betsy Ross.”
The door chime sung in a loud rock and roll musical notes.
Doray spun around and smiled at the door, reaching ahead, flipping her hand in the air, shouting announcing. “O! That's Praelle again. She has forgotten her door key, three times this month. The door automatic locks when it closes shut to keep out Praelle,” she stopped and opened the door with a grin.


Oppton Honky Tonky Bar
    (one mile, south, from Bam U campus)
Bar setting at the row of billiards table
02:10 pm


The bar established housed five individual billiards tables in-between each long wall of dark wood paneling that housed a long column of dark wooden eating booths for each paying patron.
The middle of the room housed a dark wooden dance floor during the evening for any and all dancing couples. Now, the floor was clean and empty. A slow moving country musical song was playing over the quiet air waves as the bar manager employed a live band after sundown.
On the entrance wall, the entrance door was closed and surrounded by a single lighted sign for the bathroom door, one for the males; the other for the females.
When a paying patron exited the bathroom and appeared to intoxicated, the bar bouncer escorted the drunken fool and their drunken or somber friends from the establishment, tossing them inside a van for the free ride service that told the partying fools back to the Bam U campus for sleep or sickness of the stomach guts.
The main employment in Oppton was the university school system, so an average family unit with kids did not attend this entertainment bar, only every college student for fun and excitement.
The entrance door opened and admitted in heated light and cold air. College student, head majorette, and twenty-two years old Praelle slowly strolled down the long dark wall with a stern face and scanned the rest of the room for any spies, wearing at a pink tinted cap over her hair roots that fell down over both of her dirty blonde eyebrows and her nose bridge, moving ahead to the rear wall with a row of five billiards table. The first table was occupied with a tall, slender male. The other tables were empty. The interior room displayed several couples eating inside a booth and engaging in private conversation.
Praelle stopped with a few inches from the occupied billiards table, softly naming with worry. “Mopee!”
“Parfait, what’s shaking here?” Mopee was her biologically brother, who was tall, skinny, natural blonde-tinted hair, and a pair of green eyes. He knocked a solid red tinted ball into the side pocket on the billiards table. His sister only visited her brother when she needed something requiring his personal advice or his talented skills, so Jake or his parents or their parents did not find out from another social or vocal or visual means.
Mopee did not have any trouble pronouncing his sister's proper name of Praelle during his childhood. One day, he had been slurping down a cold parfait dessert with tons of sweet chocolate syrup, one afternoon, during their shared high school days while calling his sister that cute name, after she had completed a silly incident. Thus, the name stuck and the parfait tasted good.
Praelle slowly spun around without her baton and thoroughly scanned the room for a group of rough characters, seeing several people in the booth. She completed her turn and stared down at the green tinted fabric and the scattered billiards balls on top of the table, “I have some trouble that I need …”
"...eliminated again..." He smashed a blue tinted ball into the corner pocket and chuckled with amusement. “Did you got another failure or incomplete or probation in your academic course, this time, Parfait?”
Praelle was not a good college student; she was a terrible one while trying to attend a fashion degree. The set of fashion academic courses were harder in real class time rather than reading each cute description inside the electronic school catalog. Sometimes, she could not finish her class project and then received a bad academic grade which would disqualify her from twirling in the marching band and graduating to the subject.
Her brother Mopee was a college graduation from two years ago but had selected an easier life of business, aiding each and every college student for cash money. He had numerous connections throughout the Bam U campus including a group of smart and poor nerd students and a set of desperate lusty college professors that enjoyed cash money only. Mopee worked out from the bar statement during the daylight hours and the nighttime hours conducting all of his secret business transactions mostly with a borrowed laptop computer and a skilled leased employee.
“No, smart-hole!” Praelle sneered and stood upright with her serious problem, crossing her arms while wishing the dirty deed was already done.
He missed the red tinted ball in the same corner pocket with a smile. “Okay! Then it must be Gunter. He finally met another gay or guy...”
“… not another gal either. Jake isn’t gay, Mopee. Can we leave this smelly place? This is very important for me.” She scooted closer and stood underneath the dull lamp of light without hitting the balls with her kneecaps.
He grinned and smashed the yellow tinted ball into a center pocket. “He hangs with Yusi. That dude is a big time gay for your 411.Or is this a 911 today or tomorrow? I can't remember the newest college terms” He chuckled.
“Yoshit only tutors, not touches my fiancé Jake during each after school academic courses. I know that and you know that, Mopee,” she sneered without touching his arm, messing up his solo billiards game.
Mopee ignored her voice, her body, and her private invitation to somewhere, since her personal business could be conducted here. He smiled. “You should respect all peoples like we had been taught in Sunday school class, Praelle.” He punched the orange tinted ball and missed the side pocket.
She viewed his baseball cap with a serious tone. “Dummy Gizmo has kidnapped a girl …”
Mopee froze the pool stick without striking another ball and then turned his baseball cap seeing her waistline, slowly standing upright with a stern face. He gently dropped the cue stick down onto the green tinted velveteen fabric. He reached over and grabbed his cold beer mug, nodding to the long side wall for a meeting. “Parfait, let’s go and move into my private office for a private meeting with your new troubling emergency.”
His private office was tucked into the wall corner of darkness behind the row of billiards tables. Mopee conducted his private business with his set of business associates as long as he provided the bar manager with fifteen percent of his earned cash money. He slowly led Praelle to the booth and scooted down on one side. Praelle slid down on the opposite side and sliced her eyeballs to the side with worry. He waved his hand in the air and smiled. “This place is cool here, Parfait. So, tell me your troubles, Sis!”
Praelle quickly explained. Football players Cecil and Gizmo had beaten up and then brought back Xambree, who happened to be the newest football player on the Birmingham University football team. She was also the gifted long field goal kicker that lived inside her own building beside the Burn U Football Tower.
“Whoa!” Mopee gasped in shock.
“What do I do, now, Mopee?” She dumped the baseball cap and fluffed her flat hair with her old set of manicured coral tinted fingernails.
“Whoa!”
“Besides, a whoa from you, Mopee!” She dropped both of her hands and slapped the semi-dirty table surface while frowning at her brother.
He exhaled with worry. “Well, I would high tail it to nearest sheriff's office, Praelle. This is thirty years for an accessory criminal charge on your girly butthole for not exactly participating, but like sorta keeping it quiet and hush-hush from the local law authorities. Where is the Burn U female kicker located right now?”
“Inside my personal apartment room ...”
“Whoa!” He gasped in alarm.
“I think you know some guys ...”
“Bad to the bone guys! Yeah, I kinda know some bad to bone guys, Praelle.” His eyeballs catch the bright sunlight coming from the open archway on the entrance wall, staring at the two unfamiliar males. “Did Jake assign for your body a pair of big and bulky bodyguards, now, Parfait?” She leaned over and viewed the entrance wall, gasping in shock, seeing Gizmo and Cecil. Mopee stood upright over the booth rest and motioned with a hand at the two football players.
They slowly strutted towards the tall male and viewed a sour face on Praelle inside the last eating booth and then stopped, staring at Mopee. Mopee extended a hand and shook each extended hand on the two football players, pointing at the leather cushion beside Praelle. Praelle scooted over with a grunt and continued to stare at her two friends, who were sitting inside their automobile and waiting on her signal.
Mopee slid down back into the same cushion seat and smiled at the three students, “Are these your new guys, Parfait?” He noted their individual young face was too serious for a fun-loving carefree college student.
“What about your old guys, Mopee?” Praelle frowned at her brother.
He shook his cap that contained a head of blonde hair over a tone of pale colored skin similar to his biological sister, nodding to the three college students. “The old guys are not my set of big bad boys that don’t like to play with a set of good boys and girls,” he leaned over the dirty table surface and sneered at each face with a deep tone. “Let me made this very clear! I am not involved...”
“Call your bad boys and get that girl away from me, right now, Mopee!” She leaned over the other side of the dirty table and lady sneered back.
Gizmo sneered at Mopee. “When don’t want Burn U babe hurt, only occupied, until the end of the …”
“... the cougar kidnapping…” Mopee chuckled. “When a person of importance is taken for some type of demand besides money, suck like, winning the playoff championship football game on a Saturday afternoon, I know who not to bet on tomorrow morning. Thanks for the business tip, college student,” he nodded with a grin.
“Smart-hole! Go and make some phone calls for me and this major trouble for me!” Praelle flipped her hand in the air and slapped the forearm on Cecil while growling at her brother.
Mopee sat back and nodded with a smile. “I don’t own a mobile telephone for some personal reasons like spying on my calls and tracking my heated body. So I can’t make a phone call, but the gang of bad boys do work right here. Do you have the money, honey for the quickie wet job as the robbers do say?” Mopee laughed with humor. He didn't believe the stupid college students were serious about a killing or a kidnapping either. If they were, then they could be caught and then jailed for the rest of their young lives without daylight and bubble baths.
Gizmo slammed a small black colored gym bag on top of the table surface with a soft thump in front of his chest. Mopee gasped in shock and stared down at the lump soft material on the gym bag understanding the contents without unzipping the item. “Whoa! Is quarterback Jake involved in this trouble too? His dad is going …”
“Jake does not know about this secret arrangement. I do not want my friend Jake to know about this secret arrangement either. Do you feel me, bro?”Gizmo leaned over the bag and growled at Mopee.  Mopee nodded in silence. Gizmo continued. “The stash of cash is coming from my personal bank account, man. When I got drafted into the Professional Football League, I can pay myself back,” he softly chuckled while pondering his predictable draft into the PFL, after his awesome football performance in the playoff championship football game between the two greatest rival teams in the world, Burn U and Bam U.
Mopee leaned over and blew a gust of sour beer into Gizmo's face with a slight sneer, “I got your butthole covered, big guy! Let me go and get you a contact or two, man. Then I will disappear into the twinkling stars, without you and you and you. Do all three of you feel my breath and my body, here, bro?” He turned and sneered at Praelle. She nodded back in silence along with the head nod from Gizmo and Cecil with the silence acknowledgement of an upcoming crime.
Mopee scooted from the occupied booth and slowly strolled ahead while mumbling curse words for his eardrums only while worrying about the company his sister engages. His two contacts had finished up a recent job for the bar manager. A bar establishment was a danger place to own, sometimes, one or two illegal incidents occurred which affected the profits or the property, so the bar owner kept around a couple of nasty tough guys that took care of that trouble using their own set of work ethics or not.
Inside the last eating booth without a plate of food, the three students were stuffed tightly into the single cushion, breathing each other's sour odor. Cecil stared down at the bag of cash money and possessed a set of invisible fluttering butterflies within his guts. This was Praelle’s plan, not his. He turned and mouth spat into the cheekbone on Gizmo first, “Look, man! I believe Burn U babe," he turned back and mouth spat into the smooth cheekbone on Praelle. "She said that she won’t tattle to the police or the FBI agents or the government spies or anyone else, if we let her go back home to the Bam U.”
Gizmo slammed his palm down on top of the dirty table surface with a loud boom, sneering at each friend. “Shut it, Cecil! We’re here. We can’t trust the Burn U babe. You heard her words. Her dad is a criminal lawyer. We all will be in put an individual jail cell in less than twenty-four hours, instead within twenty-four hours playing the game of our life. Then we will be receiving numerous recruiting telephone calls from the NFL on Sunday afternoon after church services, Cecil.”
“I guess so.” Cecil turned and bowed his chin down into his chest, staring at the dirty table surface with worry and fear and defeat.
Gizmo growled at Cecil. “You guess here! I don’t guess here! I know here! Burn U babe can kick a winning field goal like all the pollsters are predicting tomorrow afternoon, since Bam U and Burn U football teams are even in both offense and defense talents and skills. One field goal will win the playoff championship football game. Do you wanna win the game, Cecil? I do. If she is present at that playoff game, then she will do it. She will kick that football through the twin goal posts, winning the playoff football game for Burn U, not us. Instead, we got her al tied up and she can’t kick that football. So, we win the playoff game, Cecil. We win everything, the glory, the fame, and the money.” He looked down and patted the bag with the cash money while daydreaming of fame and fortune.
Praelle whipped out her mobile telephone from her designer purse and tapped on the tiny screen in silence, checking for a text message from her guy Jake or her majorette friends. She did not local a single text message which was really strange.
Cecil continued to stare down at the table and exhaled with worry. “Okay. I understand. Now, only if Jake is up to doing his part in playing his game and getting us the win for Bam U.”
She dropped the phone down on top of the table surface and looked up, sneering into the cheekbone on Cecil. “Jake is up and doing his part. My Jake is perfect. And he is the person who will win the playoff and then the National Championship Football title for Bam U, Cecil. What’s your probe?”
Gizmo turned and sneered at Cecil without seeing Praelle. “Nice response, not Jake! I hope you can promise that perfect Jake, Praelle. Jake has been acting really weird all morning, after that Burn U babe left his room. I’m not so sure about a perfect Jake, anymore, Praelle. So, you better go and check on him, while we deal with the two tough guys coming from a pair of rough guys,” he elbowed Cecil and chuckled. Cecil did not chuckle but exhaled with worry.
“What!” Praelle sneered at Cecil's nose profile as she could not see Gizmo.
Gizmo frowned at the cheekbone on Cecil, without seeing Praelle, “Jake, he skipped out on the head coach’s special football play session this morning and …”
She slapped her chest and signed with relief, “O! Is that all? Your statement sounded like an emergency. Jake is the superstar of the Bam U football team. He can skip anything that he pleases. Geez! I’ll be glad to graduate from both of ya’ll redneck Bama hicks. I can’t wait to lounge around pros at the PFL and their pretty wives," she reached down and tapped her old manicured coral fingernails on the dirty table, checking her wrist watch. “Where are these bad boys? I’m running late for the majorette photo session in the band room which started at four o'clock.” She whispered with fury for her eardrum only. “And Doray and Sharonette betta be there at the band room, before I get there too. Or there will be hell to pay foreverly.”
Gizmo nervously patted the bag of cash money and leaned down, scanning an empty bar room, saying to Praelle. “Call Mopee to come back here to the table, Praelle!”
She looked up and stared at the empty side of the booth with a sour frown, “Mopee has scatted and then scattered to the wind. He does not stick around when he has called in the action.” She  scooted over and slammed her tall slender girly body frame into a massive lump of fat and muscle on Cecil, reaching up, pushing on Cecil's bicep. She nodded with a stern face. “Look! You, two boys should scat away from here, as well. These two tough guys might recognize your famous face from the home Bam U football games and that’s not good for our permanent plan, if we want to succeed and win the playoff championship game, without her."
Gizmo returned back with a gasp and looked down with a grunt, patting the lump black bag of cash money coming from his personal bank account. He wanted to stay and ensure the instructions and the money were executed by the two rough characters, but Praelle had a good point. Gizmo was a famous defensive lineman and all the citizens around the tiny town of Oppton know his name and his fane and his body fame. He did not want to be recognized as a famous criminal face but a infamous football player. He scooted out from the booth in silence without any additional instructions while leaving the lumpy bag of money under Praelle's guard. He spun around with a stern face and slowly strutted down the long columns of eating booths without ordering a plate of food. He was not hungry, but nervous about the upcoming illegal criminal action and hoped everything worked as they had planned.
Cecil scooted from the booth in silence and followed behind the back spine on Gizmo, looking down at the dark clean wooden floor planks, holding his guts with worry and nervousness. He hoped the plan worked also.
The entrance door opened and revealed numerous rays of bright sunlight and volumes of cold air temperatures. Two individuals left the bar and walked in cold weather toward the parked car in silence. The door slowly shut closed.
Inside the bar room, two individual scooted off a bar stool and spun ahead to face the dance floor, the row of billiards table, and the rear wall focusing on the last eating booth, after speaking with Mopee, the local business man.
One male measured six feet and five inches in height with a muscular body frame, displaying a head of curly cropped black tinted hair, a pair of amber tinted eyeballs, and a tone of bronze skin, wearing a pair of faded blue jeans, a brown tinted sweatshirt without a logo or favorite sports team, and a pair of non-polished brown tinted cowboy boots.
The second male was a little shorter and leaner at six feet and two inches, exhibiting a head of cropped dark brown hair, a pair of dark brown eyeballs, and a tone of olive skin, wearing a pair of dull and faded blue jeans, a black tinted sweatshirt without decoration, and a pair of non-polished black tinted cowboy boots.
The two males stopped and stood beside the eating booth, staring down at the blonde hair roots on Praelle while scanning the pretty college student.
Praelle looked up and smiled, pointing at the opposite cushion inside her eating booth, saying with a sweet tone. “Hello there! Welcome, honey! Come and have a seat, sweet cakes! Thanks for using my match-making services.” She giggled with girly silliness.
The two males scooted one-a-time over the leather cushion and nodded in silence to the female college student while hearing her business proposal.
She giggled with nervousness and nodded her bone skull several times while staring at each rough but kinda handsome face. “The female, that I have selected personally for you tonight, I want you to take her out for a secret dinner date and a cup of hot chocolate with marshmallows in a very nice private setting.”
The taller male spoke with a deep baritone timber and stared at Praelle, twisting his fingers over the hard surface. “The dinner meal depends, if your match-making fees can cover all my costs.” She giggled with silliness and a little fear while staring at the adult men, patting the lumpy bag of cash money, holding up five fingers for five thousand dollars for the dirty deed. “I can provide you with nice compensation.” The taller male nodded with a smile in silence. She nodded with a grin. “The female, your dinner date will occur tonight until tomorrow evening, after your suppertime meal. Then your dating services will end. The female, she will be returned back …”
“Return her back to where, darling?” The second adult male spoke with a tenor timber and frowned at Praelle.
“Return the girl back to her apartment room in metro city Birmingham, which is two hours north of here in Oppton. I have some additional instructions for her return.”
The second male turned and smiled at his partner returning back to see Praelle. “So, we are going on a day trip. Yeah, we can do that for the money, honey," he chuckled with amusement.
She gulped down the bitter bile coming up her tight throat, staring at the two dangerous males while pretending to stay cool and in control as an adult woman. “Okay!”
If something bad happened to college student Xambree other than this planned temporary dinner meal arrangement, then the entire Oppton and State of Alabama police force will become involved, which would involve her person and her guy Jake and some jail time.
Praelle nodded with a smile and tried to stay calm as an adult woman. “This dinner meal is on me. So, go on and enjoy the evening with her. Let me caution you here. The female, she doesn’t really like too much partying …”
“Then maybe, she hasn’t met the right party dude, honey.” The first male winked at Praelle with an evil laugh, elbowing his buddy, nodding with a wicked smile.
She bit her lip with worry and nodded with a fake smile. “The female, she doesn’t want or need to meet the party or the dude. Do you understand me, sirs!” Her mobile telephone sounded with the same pop musical song. She reached down and grabbed her phone from the table surface, cramming the glass screen into her eardrum, speaking in a low tone. “Yes.”
Pause.
“Yoshit, I’m a little busy right …”
Pause.
She shouted out loud, “What! Xambree is missing from my apartment room. That’s impossible. Go and check Doray’s bedroom. She…”
Pause.
“O! You have checked already. Why is a there a wall of ugly wooden boards on the patio door and glass windows? To prevent her from escaping her pen. I wanna speak to Doray right now!”
Pause.
“They are all gone.” Praelle looked down and checked her designer wrist watch. “They have left and went to the photo session, which started at four pm. I didn’t understand. They’re all gone and Xambree isn’t there, either. Was the door locked?”
Pause.
She shouted out loud again, “No! Xambree has escaped her pen! Go and call …”
Pause.
“What paper note? Read the paper note, Yoshit!”
Pause.
She screamed out loud in both panic and worry. “Jake! Jake! Jake Gunter took her. He took her to his bedroom.” Praelle slammed the phone down into her purse with a growl and stood upright from the cushion, sneering in fury, grabbing the lumpy bag of money, without seeing the face on each male. “The deal is cancelled, sweet cakes.” She spun around and grabbed her phone with one hand , typing out an emergency text to Jake.
The shorter male slid out from the booth and gasped in shock, watching the back spine on Praelle in silence. The taller male slid out from the cushion and padded ahead, stopping behind Praelle, without touching her. He leaned down over and performed a bad breathe gust over her blonde colored hair roots, whispering softly. “Do you know Birmingham billionaire Hugh Gunter, who happened to birthed a son, who is named Jake Gunter?”
Praelle spun around with a gasp and sneered into the chest on the tall unknown male. "That is..." she swung back around with a grunt and slammed the lumpy bag of cash money over her collar bone, slowly tapping a pathway towards the entrance door, looking down at her phone with worry.
On top of the floor, behind the row of billiards tables, the second male pulled up beside his partner in silence.
The taller male continued to stare at Praelle and ordered softly. "Go and grab a couple of sleeping bags, four hand guns, and some heavy rope. We got a new luscious and ludicrous job for the afternoon.” He softly chuckled with his friend and strutted towards the entrance door, following the college student that know Jake Gunter, the son of billionaire Hugh Gunter.


Ten minutes later...
03:03 pm

Birmingham State University campus
Football Tower building

13th floor level
Apartment room of Jake Gunter


“Halt, Jake!” Xambree yelled out with shallow breathes from his last fist punch which had knocked her mental focus off balance.
Jake swung back and pitched forward, connecting his fist into her padded headgear for a second punch, laughing out loud.
She slid down to the left and led with her collar bone, slamming her face into the soft foam side wall and then dropped down onto her padded kneecaps while breathing with short puffs of air. She shouted in-between each word. “Enough, Jake! I give up and surrender and both. You win! You win this round!”
Xambree wore an electric blue outfit of soft padding around her bone skull going down to both of her earlobes and around her neck muscles for support of her curved back spine, a pair of padded elbow cups, and a pair of kneecap cups while enjoying the kickboxing sport for fun, with Jake.
She slowly lifted her body up from the floor and used her boxing glove that covered her hand standing upright from the mattress floor and then leaned down, straightening up each one of her kneecap back in place around her two legs. She stood upright again and kicked one of her legs high in air, holding with the boxing hand, stretching her cramming muscles.
Jake bounced up and down on a pair of bare feet on top of the foamed floor mattress. The soft yellow tinted foam mattress housed the floor, the ceiling, and each curved wall inside an enclosed kickboxing ring that resided inside the game room which protected each fighter and provided extra fun for a boring afternoon at the campus.
He wore a neon punk green colored padded outfit which mirrored her protective body gear while silently striking his pair of matching boxing gloves together in the air, smiling at Xambree. “Come on, angel. You have got to be the toughest babe that I have ever beaten upon here in Oppton. This is way too much fun, for me. I could never do this battle fight with Praelle. She might break a polished nail or worse get a set of split endings in her hair strands," He laughed and popped the two gloves together. "Let's do one more round of vigorous and rough kickboxing, angel. Then we can go and eat. I got a hardy and heavy appetite for some deep fried pond catfish and hush puppies down at My Mama’s Fish House which is around the city block from this building.” He kicked his leg in the air and then bent it down at the kneecap, kicking the other leg in the air with a bent kneecap, standing on the other leg while keeping his muscles warm, loose, and active.
She slowly stood upright with a stern face and spun around to face Jake, “Nice compliment, cowboy! But I will take the invitation of free food, since my stomach growls and my ears are ringing, so I don’t have to endure another one of your southern hillbilly country music tunes playing from the hidden speakers inside this game room.” Xambree enjoyed the play fighting with the earthling college student. The human was a strong, funny, intelligent, cute, and sexy man within her eyeballs and inside her wandering human girly emotions.
“Wrong football team, angel! I’m a cougar, not a cowboy. And I’m going to kick your cute Burn U fanny for insulting my hillbilly theme song, babe! I have noticed that your left hook is a little weak, Xambree. Gizmo saw that too. That’s how he was able to tackle your body down onto the floor as he tattled or lied or bragged about his fight victory, depending on your personal perception of Gizmo’s storytelling. So, I’ll target your left cheekbone with my right foot as you defend your pretty person. Do you hear me? I just gave away my offensive strategy for the …”
“Weak female!” She reared back and pitched her left fist with a heavy grunt at his stationary body.
He hopped to the right and then the left, twisting his right leg and a bare feet behind his back spine, extending his right leg forward at her body. He kicked out his right foot straight into her exposed stomach muscles and then missed. She giggled and bounced side to side while readying for the next battle fight. Jake carried the flow to the left in a half-circle and then stopped, quick switching his leg, twisting his left leg and the bare foot backward, kicking high towards her exposed cheekbone.
Xambree arched her back spine away from his flying bare foot and watched his foot travel near her cheekbone, standing upright and reached out, grabbing his ankle bone with both her boxing gloves. She swung her body and his leg with Jake attached into a half-circle around the mattress floor. Jake yelled out loud in panic. Xambree released his leg and then slammed her fist into his chest, flinging Jake against the soft wall.
He slammed down into the foam with a heavy grunt of surprise, not pain, dropping down on his face inside the soft mattress floor, extending both of the gloves and bounced on top of the soft foam mattress floor. He reversed the torque from his forward motion and swiftly stood upright with a smile, spinning around in the air and winked at Xambree.
She gasped in shock and stared at Jake, bouncing her body up and down on the soft floor, readying for the next battle fight.
He dropped down and rolled over the lumpy foam floor. She leaped up from the floor and missed his grounded moving hard body. He bounced against the side wall of foam with laughter and then quickly rolled backwards, right in her pathway.
She landed down on the naked mattress and laughed out loud, missing his body, bouncing upright against with more girly giggles at the fun sport. He rolled forward faster away from her stomping naked foot prints. She bounced down and then leaped into the air trying to caught up with Jake. He hit the opposite foam wall and then leaped into the air, spinning around with a gasp, colliding into her body.
They hugged each other and screamed in shock, dropping down on top of the mattress, laughing out loud with the fun maneuver.
Jake chuckled. Xambree laughed. He smirked into her face. She parted her lips. He whispered with mint breath, “Xambree.”
She whispered softly. “Jake.”
He closed his two eyelids and then leaned down, lightly brushing his pink lips over her soft red tinted lips.
She closed her two eyelashes, enjoying his warm human touch. He kissed her lips and as she accepted his human kiss while feeling her girly human passion.
The entrance door into the kicking ring slammed open, without a sound, and revealed a tall, slender female. She screamed out loud and stared down at the twisted couple on top of the soft mattress floor in fury, “Jake!”
Jake quickly surfaced from his sweet kiss on Xambree and turned with a gasp, seeing Praelle, frowning at the tall dark shadow at her back spine. A long arm wore a dull brown tinted sweatshirt and wrapped the limb around the waistline on an upright Praelle, jerking her in the air, tossing her backwards into the hands of a second male.
The taller male wore a sneer and a pair of brown tinted cowboy boots, ripping the soft foam into shreds, leaping up from the floor, jumping up and down in the air and advanced towards the kissing couple of Jake and Xambree.
Jake gasped in shock and bounced in-between the waistline on Xambree, smashing both of his squeaky boxing gloves on top of the mattress, flying up in the air and then stood upright in the air. He landed down on top of the soft foam and punched both gloves into each other, sneering at the unknown male, who was shorter in height but proportioned muscled as a mature adult. “Hey, smart-hole! Release Praelle right now. Then get out of my eye sight before I beat your butthole and arrest your butt for trespassing on my private property.”
The unknown male laughed and then smiled, lifting up one folded fist in the air. “Little man, Do you wanna come over here and prove the truth?”
Jake bounced over the soft mattress and veered towards the second unfamiliar adult male with a sneer. “Yeah! You come first into my fist, jack-hole.”
Xambree continued to rest on top of the floor and turned with a gasp, seeing Praelle and an unknown male. The male had tied a rope around the upright body on Praelle and covered her mouth with his hand as they both watched the true battle fight.
Jake was upright and bounced up and down over the soft foam mattress, readying to fight with a second unknown adult male.
Both of the males were older in age around thirty something years old and wore a set of thick muscles when compared to the young age and leaner muscle on college student Jake. The taller male dropped down and broke the foam floor, leaping into the air, slamming his pair of hard cowboy heels on top of the mattress floor again while advancing towards Jake.
Jake halted with a gasp and viewed the exposed hard wooden floor. If his face  hit the hard wood, then he could broke his nose bridge. He bounced up and down on top of the soft and safe foam floor, reaching the male with his leg span. The male stood on top of the floor in shock and looked down examining the foam floor and then the hard floor with confusion.
Jake faked to the right and then extended his leg, kicking at the sour face on the tall unknown male, stopping mid-air and then lunged his other leg at the face, connecting to the jaw line on the unknown male.
The male flung down to the left and plowed his face into the side wall of soft foam while his two step bust open more of the soft floor and exposed the hard wooden floor. Then his face bounced off the soft wall and stumbled forward, heading straight towards Jake out of control, waving both of his arms in the air and yelled out loud in fear.
Jake jerked backwards to the right from the out of control traveling object.
On top of the foam floor, on the opposite side wall within the kickboxing ring, Xambree bounced her body against the soft foam and then leaped in the air, standing upright in the air for one full second with a loud growl at the two unknown mature human males, whose evil intention was to harm both human college students, Praelle and Jake. Well, she was a deather by birth and could fight with all of her human body parts and her permanent angel job was to aid any and all helpless humans in the face of evil while visiting here down the Earth plane.
She bounced up and down moving forward with a sneer to rescue human Jake while striking one glove at a time in the air to balance her wild air movements. Then she leaped in the air and soared across the open floor, targeting the out of control unknown male.
The unknown male continued to sail forward and stomped one hard boot heel at a time, braking the soft protective mattress while yelling out loud.
Xambree extended her fighting arm, the left one. She aimed at his nose bridge and sneered with angry for harming Jake.
Jake watched the unknown male and then heard a growling sound, bouncing around with a gasp at Xambree, leaping up from the floor. He caught her flying body in the air waves. They both collided and then rolled in the air waves, landing back down on top of the soft mattress as one creature. Jake was on top and hugged Xambree, screaming in shock. Her legs first, then her fanny, then her back spine, and finally her hard skill slammed down onto the exposed hard wooden floor, knocking her unconscious.
The unknown male swiftly stomped his body towards the side wall on the opposite side of the kickboxing ring and slammed into the soft mattress, falling down into the floor mattress and stopped his movement.
On top of the hard floor, Jake looked down and gasped in shock at an unconscious Xambree, when motion caught his peripheral eyesight as a folded fist plowed into his smooth cheekbone with an intense pain. Jake dropped down on top of an unconscious Xambree, closing his two eyelids in unconsciousness also.
The second unknown male stomped ahead and broke the soft foam floor, standing over an unconscious Jake, laughing out loud, “I call it now! Jack-hole wins the battle match, kid!” He leaned down and grabbed the naked forearm on Jake, dragging the kid from the damaged kickboxing ring, laughing out loud.
His partner slowly stood upright on top of the hard wooden floor and spun around, slowly stumbling through the foam pieces, following his friend.
Saturday, December 7th


Alabama woodlands location
Wooden tiny shack interior setting

Sunny skies and cool temperatures
03:33 pm


The sloping plateau displayed a rolling hill of short yellow tinted weeds behind a small grove of tall pine trees next to a pile of exposed rock boulders with a small waterfall. Tucked into the rolling hill, a wooden square shaped shack sat on top of the short yellow grass and dead weeds with a set of unrelated and serious individuals. On the slope of the plateau, an older model parked on top of the dead grass waiting for its owner.
A pair of rough hands reached down and shook the sleeping male body on top of the ratty, torn, green tinted long sofa, shouting out loud. “Wake up, billionaire boy!”
The taller, curly black haired mature adult male still wore the brown tinted sweatshirt and leaned into the ratty and torn red tinted recliner on the short rear wall, enjoying the set of loud cheers on a small television screen, watching the active playoff championship football game between Birmingham University Steel Bolt and the Birmingham State University Cougars. “Your dad should have noted that his son is missing from the playoff football game, now, boy,” he chuckled. “I do believe it is time for our simple, yet elegant, once-in-a-life time vocal money demand for the kid.”
On top of the sofa, Jake slowly stirred his body slightly rolling back and forth on top of the rough, smelly fabric, flinging his set of sore muscles of biceps and leg shins side to side. He felt a dizzy headache and a stinging eye socket that represented his total defeat inside the kickboxing ring from a second, unknown male kidnapper. He hissed in pain and slowly sat upright, folding at his fit waistline, holding both of hands around his arching skull. His two eyeballs viewed three individuals inside a tiny enclosed room that smelled from strong musk male cologne, stinky body sweat, sweet pine tree sap, and vanilla fragrance.
The short male and the tall male occupied the rear wall and rested inside an individual colorful ratty recliner which was surrounded by an individual side table made in different wood bark shade. Each rough table held an assortment of snacks and a short pail of ice cubes with numerous cold bottles of beer.
His new friend Xambree had been kidnapped also and was leaning upright against the entrance wall corner, sitting on her fanny and tied with numerous rope pieces, all over her body.
Jake turned and continued to survey his new environment.
The room was a tiny square shaped space with four solid walls of layered chopped tree trunks that exposed the inners guts of the tree. The entrance wall held a large and wide single door made from pine trees without a window to view the forest with a tall room heater in one wall corner heating the tiny room and Xambree in the other wall corner. This tiny shack was used as a hunting lodge for a group of hunters during the season to stash their gear and then venture out into the wilderness for their prey.
At the moment, hunting season had ended and the football season was wrapping up with the last two games of the playoff and the final game for the National Football Championship Game.
In the US State of Alabama, every Alabamian was at home in the recliner or at the football stadium in a padded seat watching the final points on the scoreboard, cheering out loud with happiness or cursing out loud with annoyance.
The shack had to be located close to the Birmingham State University campus, where Jake and Xambree had been taken and brought inside from the cold weather.
Jake quickly noted that his fiancé Praelle was missing within the tight space and then worried for her personal safety while a set of invisible butterflies flipped inside his guts. “Praelle!” He croaked out loud with worry while trying to look like a tough and rough southern redneck, displaying a swollen black tinted eye socket and a splitting headache, turning to stare at the leader of the two men.
The shorter second male kidnapper continued to sit in the ratty blue tinted recliner chair with a bowl of snacks in his lap, a bottle of beer on the arm rest, smiling at the football game. “The blonde decided to stay behind inside your living room while delivering our verbal ransom note to your folks.” He lifted a cheap non-traceable mobile telephone near his chewing mouth and turned to Jake. “Call Daddy, boy! I bet he is worried about your missing person. If we finish up our business transaction, before the playoff football game ends, then you can go and pull out the Birmingham State Cougars through the championship ring, yet.” He chuckled and pitched the phone to Jake.
Jake caught the phone and sneered at the evil male. “No!”
The shorter kidnapper loudly cursed with a string of nasty words and swiftly leaped up from the chair, spilling his snacks over the rough wooden floor, advancing toward Xambree. He stopped and leaned down, jerking one of her curly stands of hair with his cupped hand. She grunted and grinded her teeth with the pain at the annoying human male. He turned and winked to Jake. “She ain't here as our new wall corner decoration, boy.” He reached down and jerked Xambree by the arm, standing her upright, dropping down his free hand. He pulled out his hand pistol from the front of his waistline and lifted up the weapon, aiming the cold barrel at her temple, shouting at Jake. “Call your daddy and drop the money at the behind the row of rusty oil barrels at the corner gasoline station on Cougar Lane and Cougar Drive. We got our money and both of ya'll can go back to school, safe and happy, like a pair of good little teens,” he laughed.
Jake continued to sit on top of the sofa and gasped in horror, staring at the hand gun, and then Xambree in worry.
Xambree jerked her head to the side and loosed the rope pieces, after slightly tapping into her angel reserve pack, nodding with a stern face to Jake. “Stay cool, Jake! We’ll get out of here in a few more seconds. I promise.” She turned and sneered at the evil human, who had reached out and dared to touch her silver tinted curls, sneering into his cheekbone. Xambree planned to use the rest of her angel reserve powers and save Jake’s life and then return him back to the college apartment room, before something terrible really happened to the human male.
The taller male turned and gasped at Xambree, leaping up from the recliner chair, spilling all of his snacks and scooted over, grabbing Jake upright from the ratty sofa fabric. Jake yelped in pain and stood upright in worry. The taller male sneered. “Listen here, boy! This ain’t no game show in here. Show him that we mean business with a small token of our thank you!”
The second male swung his shooting arm and pointed the pistol barrel at the bicep on Jake, firing the gun.
Xambree unfurled all the rope pieces from her tied body and faster than an blinking eyelash, performing an angel flash, standing in front of human Jake, protecting him from a death kill with the flying ammo.
A single bullet discharged from the smoking barrel and sped in slow motion as a hand in coffee tinted skin appeared. An index finger and a thumb pad swiftly captured the fast moving object, easily crushing the human-made item with all finger digits into a pile of light brown dust that floated down on top of the rough floor.
Then, the two unknown males prettily exploded into numerous human fragments consisting of broken bones, shattered tooth bits, bloody veins, and segmented other pieces from their flabby exterior skin tissue while leaving nothing of the original format of a human kidnapper on the floor, on each wall, and on top of the ceiling inside the tiny shack.
The hand with the two digits was attached to a ghostly figure that visually materialized within the eyeballs on Xambree and Jake as a mystery male stood seven feet and six inches in height and wore a glittering golden bronze complexion, a pair of fiery amber golden pupils, a head of glistening light brown shoulder length hair, a pair of rippling sculptured biceps, and a hard chest of muscles underneath his stark white tinted tank top that was tucked down into a pair of faded and destroyed light blue jeans. The male winked at Xambree.
Xambree continued to stand and protect Jake and then parted her lips, smiling at the unknown super tall and super handsome male, “Unk!”
“Hey, Xam!” The super tall and super muscular male smiled.
Jake reached out and shuffled Xambree behind his back spine creating more dizziness inside his head, shouting at the third kidnapper that he had missed during his visual inspection inside the tiny shack. He shouted out loud in panic, “Stay back! Xambree, get behind me.”
Xambree giggled and stepped beside Jake, staring at the male, “This is my Uncle, Jake.” She moved ahead with a smile and hugged his body, reaching high her toppy toes, tenderly pecking a kiss on his cheekbone. She spun around and hugged the male, smiling at Jake. “He’s cool to some humans, anyways!”
Her uncle nodded to Jake in silence and studied the curious human-boy with intrigue.
Jake continued to stand and frowned with confusion at the unknown male. “Is this really your uncle? Where did he come from? Why is your blood relative living here inside this shack with the two other kidnappers? How did he get here? Wait! Why is he here, Xambree?” He scanned the room with puzzlement. "Where are the two kidnappers? My dizzy headache must be missing with my dizzy vision."
She frowned and then turned to see her uncle, returning back with a nod to view Jake. “He came here to rescue us from the two deadly killers. You should be saying thank you; but he is a forgetting being for some humans." She turned and winked at her uncle. "Thanks for the save, Unk!”
"You are welcome, Xam!" Her uncle hugged her body tighter with his family love and then returned back staring at Jake with interest.
On the opposite side of the room, Jake continued to stand and surveyed the empty room, the mysterious kidnapping, and the new girl which presented too many convenience factors here. “So, you blood uncle, who is your live relative, and not one of the missing two kidnappers,” he looked down and viewed the nasty floor, returning back to see Xambree and her unnamed uncle, nodding with a sneer. He jabbed a finger at Xambree. “You and your uncle set all of this up including my kidnapping plot from the get-go. The ploy was good. I admit here. You were the newest football team kicker on the Bama U special team, a female of all choices. What I don’t get here! How you got Gizmo and Cecil to grab your person from the Burn U campus? They were pretty drunk but harmless, even to a stray dog, when intoxicated with tons of beer. O! I see now. Your uncle must’ve driven my two friends away from the Bam U campus to your place on the Burn U campus, where you had conveniently hitched a truck ride with Gizmo and Cecil back to my apartment room. I had pondered why you were in my bed..."
"Xam!" Her uncle gasped in alarm.
She patted his arm with a smile and stared at Jake. "I can explain in greater details, later, Unk!"
Jake continued to sneer and jabbed a finger at Xambree and then her uncle. "That’s good! That’s a brilliant plan. But your gig is up, now, cowgirl. My dad ain’t paying you or you any of his billions for this stupid play game. As a matter of fact, you need to release me right now and I’ll forget this whole mess and then return back into the playoff game, before Bam U loses the championship ring …”
She released her uncle and shook her curls and her hands near her frown. “That is not true, Jake. I’m not part of this silly kidnapping plot against you and your family. The pieces...the two males were really a pair of human kidnappers with some bad intentions towards you and your family.”
Her uncle leaned over and whispered into her eardrum. “Xambree, how many times must I remind you not to play with the humans. They serve best as the servers.” He stood upright with a soft chuckle and stared at little annoying boy-human.
“I’m here on assignment, Unk.” She elbowed his rib cage and smiled at Jake.
Jake paced side to side with a set of mixed emotions in fury and embarrassment and fear.
Her uncle cleared his throat for her attention. “You will learn this later, Xam. I am the cause of your new angel assignment. I'm sorry. I was only trying to help, my way.” He turned and frowned down at her silver tinted hair roots.
She gasped in shock and looked up, shaking her curls and her index finger at him, “Unk, can’t you be good for three short seconds?”
“That's not my human nature, kid! But you’re my blood niece, the only good thing my baby brother did right from my point of view.”
She reached up on her toppy toes again and lightly pecked a kiss on his smooth cheekbone, pulling back with a smile, sitting back down on top of the floor. “Thanks for the assist here, Unk! But I’m safe now, so you can leave.”
Her uncle returned back and stared at Jake while feeling deep concern for his niece, whispering her eardrum. “I think that boy-human has other intentions, evil ones towards you, Xambree. And I find that I don’t like it. And I plan to do something about it.”
She returned back and smiled at Jake. “No! No, Unk! Jake is only overprotective as a human male can be. That’s how a southern cowboy acts and shows loving passion towards his little cowgirl.” Xambree had observed that human ritual inside the Bam U campus with some of the paired college students.
Her uncle growled. “If you …?”
Jake scooted sideways, limped into the corner wall inside the tiny shack, and then stopped, reaching down with his two painful biceps and a dizzy headache for the grounded hand pistol that covered in the dead men’s blood and guts. He grabbed the weapon and shook off the wet liquid and fresh human skin from the cold metal, slowly standing upright, pointing the warm barrel on the hand gun at Xambree. He shouted out loud with a sneer. “I salute both of you…”
She gasped in shock at Jake. Her uncle slid Xambree slightly behind his bicep and growled at the human young adult male. She lifted her hand and nodded with a soft voice to Jake. “Jake, please! The dangerous situation is clear. You are …”
“… the billionaire’s son. I heard it all before. I’m not stupid, Xambree, who is the newest kicker for the Birmingham University football team. No other college team has a girl as a football player. I had believed you and your story and your football skills." He looked down at the dirty floor and exhaled with his deep emotional feelings of disappointment, returning back to see her without dropping the gun. “I liked you, too. You are different, Xambree. You are different from all the other girls that I’ve met. You’re fun and funny and tough and real like one of the guys.” He turned scanned the room for a secret hidden door. “Where is Praelle located? Is she hurt? Have you harmed her too?”
“No!” She closed her two eyelashes and accessed her limited angel reserve pack and then used her angel magic to locate the human girl. “Praelle is all right. She is …”
“You lie!” Jake snarled and shifted the aim on barrel gun on her uncle. “Release me!”
She opened her eyelashes and nodded with a stern face and a softy timber to Jake, “I always tell the truth. I cannot lie, Jake,” she smiled.
Her uncle loudly growled at the insult to his blood niece, “Let me handle this…”
“I got the hand gun and a new plan here. Me and you and your uncle are going to leave the tiny shack and visit the police station down in the valley, once I have figure out where we’re located which is off some dirt road woodlands. Come over me, Xambree! You are my hostage, so your uncle can’t attack me.” Jake wiggled the cold barrel of the hand pistol up and down indicating for her to move ahead towards him.
“Boy-human needs a lesson in social manners as the southern people say, Xam,” her uncle sneered at Jake.
She continued to stand and pointed at her uncle, tattling to Jake. “Geez! I always tell the truth. This is my blood uncle. His name is Lucifer.”
"Move!” Jake yelled out loud and released the safety latch, deciding a little flesh wound on the bigger and stronger male would not hurt too much but allow enough time for Jake to leave the single room building and dashed through the woodlands, seeking help from someone else.
Lucifer leaned over and rumbled in deep baritone growl into her eardrum. “Little boy-human doesn’t believe me, Xam.” Then he stood upright and laughed out loud as his deep laughter rattled each wood planks on the ceiling, each wall, and the floor underneath Jake’s bare feet.
The loud sound scared Jake. Then he fired the gun as the single bullet ricocheted around the air current and then halted in front of her uncle.
The man glittered in golden skin and then his skin slowly morphed into numerous ugly, gooey brightly red tinted skin blisters all over his body. A pair of black tinted knobs swiftly grew upward in-between the rows of red blisters and stood thirteen inches in height appearing as two curved horns. He continued to stand in place and lifted his palm, materializing a golden tinted upright pitch fork, cupping his hand with more laughter.
Xambree shuffled sideways with a smile from her silly relative and stood in front of the blue tinted ratty recliner, shaking her index finger at Lucifer from his audacious display. “Unk, do not show off in front of my human friend! You are only given exclusive permission from the Source to scare the big and little humans during that one day and night time event which is called Halloween. Do you not, remember, Unk?”
Lucifer laughed out loud as his laughter continued to echo off each wooden plank and flowed around Jake.
“That man! You are. The devil man is here too.” Jake stuttered with nonsense and lowered the hand gun near his kneecap, staring in shock at the true devil. He was not dreaming or sound asleep within his nightmare in his comfortable bed mattress at his Bam U apartment room.
“I prefer the name, Unk.” She moved ahead with a smile and stood beside her uncle Lucifer, reaching out, stroking his red blistered forearm, nodding to Jake. Then she released his arm and slowly moved ahead and then stopped, standing a few inches from Jake, gently grabbing the human hand gun, before the human was harmed. She smiled at his stunned face. “Angels are all related to each other, Jake. I guess you didn’t know that celestial factual information from your Sunday school class,” she guided Jake back down to the long sofa and sat beside him, placing the human gun on the floor while staring at her uncle along with a stunned Jake. She nodded with a smile to Lucifer and held Jake's hand for comfort. “Well, I guess you have met my Uncle Lucifer in flesh and blisters," she giggled. "And I guess that you have figured out that I am not a human like you. I’m an angel too.” She slid off the sofa and kneel down on the floor in front of Jake, looking up at his stunned facial expression reaching up. She twisted his face down to her face, smiling. “Jake, can you hear me?”
Jake blinked his eyeballs and his mind back into this nightmare reality and stared down at her pretty face, returning back up to see Lucifer, looking back down at her face. Then he closed both of his eyelids and wished for his normal college life again, “Yes, I can hear you. Yes, I can believe you. You are a demon like your uncle, who continues to stand over there and stare at me. Has he gone from the tiny room, yet?”
“No, I am a heavenly angel, Jake.” Xambree looked back over her collar bone and viewed her uncle, returning back to see Jake. “We are all kin in our angel-ship family, but I am an angel who was birthed and came straight down from heaven. Heaven is that far away place with the puffy clouds and harp playing.” She smiled and quickly thought of one heavenly angel that detested harp playing. “I…”
Jake stood upright and opened his eyelids, staring at Lucifer with fear, slowly scooting away from her and against the sofa edge, without touching his demon niece Xambree. He slowly moved backwards into the far corner wall and away from the two supernatural creatures, lifting both of his palms near his scared face, stuttering his string of human words. “Look! I believe in both the devil and the demons. So, you and you can leave from here and go back down into hell. I promise that I will not tell a soul, sir. I swear to my Heavenly Father above me. Okay! It has been an unpleasant experience in meeting the both of you. And I hope never, ever, again. Bye, folks!”
“Jake!” Xambree slowly stood upright from the dirty floor and stared with a worried brow at the human male, leaning ahead, extending her two arms in comfort.
Jake jerked his body deeper into wall corner and hollered out loud. “No! No! No! You did not come up here for me. I might not be a great human here on Earth, but I ain’t a bad person like some of the other humans, that I didn’t know. And I know you didn’t come for me, because I ain’t dead now.” He looked down and slapped on the silly green tinted body padding from the kickboxing ring, without seeing a bullet hole or a knife slash on his human healthy but slightly sore flesh and bone body, wiggling his pair of naked toes. He returned back with a smile and pointed down at his body. "Do you see my human healthy flesh and bone and blood body? I am not dead. I hear my heart pumping and feel my pulse racing and ...”
“Jake!” Xambree smiled.
Lucifer realized too late and then spoke out loud with a soft timber. “Xambree, I am so sorry. I was only focused on you, sweetheart.” He studied the human boy with an evil smile. “So, I’ll come clean and correct my mistake.”
She spun around and advanced back to Lucifer, hugging his body, pulling back with a stern face. She turned and frowned at his nose profile, “Look here! You have had your fun, Unk. Change your body back to nice, right now!” Lucifer quickly morphed back into his usual handsome human form that pleased all the human females and some of the human males while chuckling at Jake.
Xambree frowned at Lucifer. “And you aren’t allowed to interference with me, either, Unk. I’m not a silly little cherub. I know you enjoy collecting a free living soul using your dishonest deception for your empty treasure chest. Shame on you!” She spun around and exhaled with annoyance, frowning at Jake. “But, on the other hand, I have quite a mess to clean up and have probably blown my angel assignment and I am living on a limited angel reserve. Do you have suggestions, Unk?”
Lucifer smiled. “I offered you a flaming finale that would impress even the Source.” He laughed out loud and then silenced with his somber thoughts on Xambree. “Do I need to call your dad? He can be here within seconds of my text," he lifted up the golden colored mobile telephone near his smile, winking at Xambree, "I love this human devise. But I can see that your angel powers are Ligo. I didn’t like this delicate predication for you, Xambree, without your angel fighting skills.” He dropped the phone by his side and looked over with a sneer at the human-boy, who continued to crouch down in the dark wall corner without pissing on the floor.
She rolled her eyeballs and shook her silver tinted curls with her mental thoughts. Lucifer really enjoyed his bitter banter with all of the heavenly angels way too much. She frowned at Jake and talked to Lucifer. “Please do not call for my dad right now, maybe later! And I would like a nicer alternative finale, without the array of flying flaming columns of yellow, red, and blue tinted fire balls coming down from the outer space, please, Unk.” Lucifer chuckled at her true statement. She exhaled with worry and pointed at the human. “Unk, I should greet with a proper introduction here inside this cozy and warm room. This is Jake and he is a football player for the Birmingham State University Cougars football team, which is playing in a playoff game for the championship ring …”
"What! One of these sets of playoff championship football games is occurring right now, right here, at this moment. I clean up with some great bad souls, when their greed, their money and their mur …”
“Unk!” She spun around and frowned at Lucifer.
He smiled. “O! I am so sorry, again, Xam. I am just telling the way it goes for the human race, that is.” He laughed with an evil tone that rattled the four log walls.
Jake continued to crouch in the wall corner and felt the echoing loud laughter penetrate his body going through his human bones, looking at each wall, wondering if the shack was going to collapse down on top of his human bone skull and then experience death.
“Jake isn’t one of these bad living souls. And I can read your open mind, since we’re family, Unk,” she nodded.
He frowned. “Since you are my only blood family member, only you can do that, Xam. So, let’s keep that secret, secret between us! Okay, sweetheart?”
She nodded with a smirk and spun around, staring at Jake, pondering her next human move as she was not an angel, only a human female on the Earth plane.
He jabbed a finger and gasped in shock at Jake. “Beelzebub! That’s Gunter, Jake Gunter, the star quarterback for the Bam U Cougars, did you know that, Xam?” He looked down and viewed Xambree.
She nodded with a smile at Jake. "I just told you all that shared human information, Unk. This is Jake Gunter, a senior college student and the quarterback for the Birmingham State University football team which is called Bam U."
He dropped his hand and then frowned at Jake. “Geez! I'm sorry, boy. I didn’t recognize your sour mug with all of the black and blue sissy marks across your face. Those split and splattered individual human body parts do that. Don’t worry, Jake! All of the body parts sum together really quickly, when a baddy living soul ends downstairs within my hometown of hell fire and brimstone columns. I do enjoy punishing all of these wicked cowboys and cowgirls for centuries and centuries to come for each one of their stupid asinine deed here on the Earth plane,” laughing.
In the wall corner, Jake felt the wicked laughter through his bones and gasped in sheer terrible, staring at Lucifer, the devil of hell.
Lucifer shook his long light brown curls and continued to stare at Jake and talked to Xambree. “Well, I can see. You do have a delicate dilemma, here, Xam. Super star Bam U quarterback Jake needs to get back onto the football field immediately. I got a bundle of human greenbacks riding on this kid to …”
“Unk, you will never learn how heaven works and humans fail, will you?” She exhaled with aspiration.
Lucifer smiled. “That's my human nature, kid! The fastest method would be to utilize one of our gifted angel teleportation trick and then zap the human molecules on Jake from this shack and then back inside the Bam U Cougar football locker room. I don’t want a heavenly miracle showing up on the game field. Then every living soul will really start to believe in the goody-goody Source. So, I can't do that for you or Jake, Xam. I would look like a good guy, instead of a bad demon,” he laughed out loud as the wall rattled again.
She nodded with a stern face. “I understand and I agree with your illogic here, Unk. Can you magically please zap Jake back inside the Bam U locker room? Do it right now! Just angel or demon flash him back …”
“You are correct, Xam." Lucifer studied Jake with a stern face. "Yes, I can zap Jake back into the Bam U football team locker room. But Jake doesn’t want me near him, much less touching his arm with an obvious reason. You do understand that for me to zap his physical human body that I must touch his physical human skin tissue under this abnormally odd situation. I don’t have a problem touching the soft or rough human skin tissue, but …”
“Do it, right now, Unk! I don’t have enough angel juice to angel flash human Jake onto the front porch of this tiny shack behind my back spine. Jake doesn’t belong here with me and you. Jake belongs in the football game which his destiny. I guess that I had sorta interfered with Jake’s destiny, when I had shown up here on the Earth plane as a female field gold kicker on the opposing Burn U football team. I don’t understand what went wrong with my angel assignment. It was so clear inside my brains.”
“Xam, I can’t pop Jake back into the Bam U locker room, because he doesn’t want to leave from here inside this tiny shack.” She turned and frowned at the nose profile on Lucifer in silence. He turned and nodded to Xambree. “Jake is really eager to go and play in the championship playoff football game on a physical level, but …”
She nodded with a smile. “O! I get it now, too late, as a human girl! Jake is really humanly and emotionally upset within his human nervous system, after seeing you and me. Well, when you morphed into your scary Halloween costume. I love your Halloween costume. And I had loved going down to the Earth plane and playing that game of treat or trick with you and all the human kids. That was a fun time when I was a little child in my life. O!” Xambree turned and frowned at Jake. "I remember. Once Jake has physically left this room and landed back down into that familiar and smelly old Bam U football locker room, he will become his old human male selfish. Is that correct, Unk? Isn’t how the angel travel on a human works out and then ends? Jake becomes that familiar star Bam U quarterback Jake while forgetting about this part of his terrible kidnapping incident and you and me using your awesome mind-sweeping demon powers.”
Lucifer nodded and watched Jake with one eyeball. “Yes, Xam, you know all of the correct steps and possess the correct understanding with the demon or angel mind clearing. However, Jake doesn’t want to leave this room from a mental level, regardless of his physical stability with my demon travel pack. Jake wants to stay here with you, Xam.”
“Me!” She gasped in shock and stared at Jake.
Lucifer smiled. “Hmm! Have you not noted or noticed the change mentally in human Jake, Xam?”
She frowned. "What change in Jake on a mental level, Unk?"
He smirked. "How do you feel right now, Xam?”
She shook her curls and smiled at Jake. “What! Wow! Whoa! The Ligo concept really works on an angel. I do not feel like a death angel without emotions. I feel like a human with human girly emotions. Yeah, I feel like a girl. Yes, I feel like a real female teenager. Yes, I feel the opposite of my normal death statue. Wow!"
He gasped in shock. "And I thought all this time Ligo concept was really a bully procedure which had been made up from the Source. Maybe, I should use this new maneuver on some of my sucky emotional demon female and one or two demon males. Then I could get thrice the work from each …”
“Unk!” She turned and frowned at Lucifer.
He turned and winked at Xambree, “I was just thinking out loud. I am sorry. Let us get back with the discussion of you and human Jake.” Lucifer turned and stared at Jake. “Xam, I can’t teleport human Jake back to the college campus, because he doesn’t wanna be moved from the wall corner here inside the tiny, stinky shack. He does not wanna leave you behind here with me or anyone else. He loves you at his silly human mental level…”
“Jake loves me.” Xambree looked down at the floor and smiled at the dirty wooden planks, returning back with a stern face and nodded to Lucifer. “Really! Are you absolutely, positively certain with one hundred percent of sureness attached to your vocal statement, Unk?”
He shook his curls with a smile. “Xam, you are hanging too long and way too much with the human teens here on the Earth plane. Jake Gunter loves you within his mind, his heart, and his soul, sweetheart.” He turned and frowned at Jake.
Jake could not hear the low whispers coming from the two supernatural creatures but he had build up his courage and decided to run for the doorway, which was not guarded by the two supernatural creatures. Once he was outside in the real world, the two supernatural creatures could not use their evil supernatural power and kill the grove trees or the nest of wildlife or his body as the good light and loving Source would not allow one of his human children to become harmed or killed or dead. He shifted both of his legs underneath his butthole readying to leap up from the floor for his planned escape with his human life.
Lucifer continued to huddle with Xambree and softly whispered into her face. “Xam, only you can perform an angel teleportation on human Jake back into the Bam U football locker room …”
“I’m on limited angel reserve, Unk! I can’t angel zap Jake back into the game field or the Bam U football team locker room. That means, he is stuck here with me, until I can go and arrange for some type of human traveling transportation from the shack and down to the road and onto the Bam U campus. So, Jake is going to miss his star quarterback football performance, because of me. Geez! I have interfered in his destiny. Is that bad, Unk? Will I get into trouble, Unk? I'll really scared now, Unk,” she looked down and frowned at the wooden floor. Xambree did not completely understand the human mind thoughts or the human behaviors while feeling defeat and failure within her girly guts, exhaling with disappointment.
Lucifer whispered with a smirk into her eardrum. “Jake doesn’t mind missing the playoff championship game, Xam. Go ahead and use your human girly feelings and probe inside his human mental mind and his human heart organ for your answers and your wishes, if you dare, human girl Xam!”
She looked up and exhaled with determination, closing her two eyelashes, opening up her human inner feelings. She slowly felt and then found extending her five human senses towards the wall corner at Jake with her Ligo in tow.
The Ligo concept had been placed around her angel body to prevent Xambree from harming a human rather than protecting her angel or human emotions. She dropped her girly human emotional wall that covered her human girly feelings, where she had used to focus on one single logic emotion, her angel assignment, the massive college assignments and the football play assignments.
She mentally touched Jake. He felt the mental invasion immediately hit his mind and tilted his chin at Xambree receiving some type of mental thoughts that was happy and playful inside his mind as his heart was bombarded with hot flashes of passion, lust, and love.
She slowly probed his mind and shared his thoughts of happiness and playfulness too, extending her mental touch throughout his nervous system, experiencing passion, lust, and love emotions as a human girl also.
Lucifer stood upright and smiled at Jake in silence. He enjoyed tapping into the human mind for entertainment but not a demon or an angel mind, so he could feel Jake's mental thoughts and human manly emotions also. And Lucifer enjoyed the role of a match-maker in which his blood brother and the Source hated.
Lucifer leaned down and whispered into her eardrum. “There is one reserve emotion each human and every angel and even some sucky demons carry within their fleshy and bony and bloody body, at all time, Xam. And that same reserve emotion cannot be changed by another nasty human or bad angel or every demon including me, unfortunately.”
“What’s that, Unk?” She smiled at Jake.
Lucifer reached over and gently pushed Xambree towards Jake with a soft chuckle.
Jake relaxed with joy and slowly stood upright from the floor, stepping from the dark wall corner  in a dazzled happy state of love at Xambree. Lucifer chuckled. “Go ahead and show Jake your beautiful angel self, Xam! Then you will figure the answer out for yourself.”
Xambree stumbled ahead on her bare feet and then quickly recovered, slowly advanced toward Jake, smiling at his blue eyes and sexy smile, while not understanding her human emotions. She felt happy, carefree, caring, passionate, and this new girly human emotion of love.
He stopped and smiled at Xambree and as all his manly human emotions drowned out his mind, his heart, and his soul with love.
She stopped and smiled at Jake and as her girly emotions bombarded her heart, her mind, and her soul with love.
Lucifer continued to stand in place and shouted out loud with a smile, “Explode!”
Xambree released her pair of angel wings from her back spine in a glittering silver hue that towered above her silver tinted curly hair roots and as small pockets of dust bunnies danced in the air and then slowly dropped down onto the floor.
Jake smiled with a whisper. “You are a real angel.” His eyeballs darted to the rows of silver tinted feathers as each one glittered like an earth diamonds and had been glued on her angel wings. His two eyeballs slowly traced each high arch on her individual wing that silhouetted in-between her bone skull and above both of her collar bones, plunging straight down towards each wing tip that comprised a tiny set of fuzzy silver tinted feathers that almost touched the rough wooden planks on the floor.
Xambree continued to stand and smiled with pure joy at human Jake, who was not afraid of her true person.
On the entrance wall, Lucifer continued to stand with a stern face and then whispered out loud his string of words through the air currents which invaded both of her eardrums. “Send him back, Xam!”
She parted her lips and then whispered out loud in the air current back to her uncle, “I…” do not want Jake to leave my space, instead to stay with me here, foreverly.
“Send Jake back home, right now, Xam!”
“I…” do not want him to leave me ever.
He smirked and stared at the two young kids, "Send Jake back home by kissing his face, right here, right now, Xam!”
Xambree swallowed the thick mucus down her tight throat with great human disappointment and slowly padded ahead into his open arms hugging his heated body. He leaned over and smashed his lips into her lips.
An array of vivid colors blinked her two eyeballs and as an assortment of joyous sounds from a country musical song invaded her mind. Then human Jake disappeared from her curved arms and as the cold winter air molecules hit her human body. She blinked open her two eyelashes and dropped down her two arms, slapping her legs with great human regret and girly disappointment spinning around to see Lucifer. She smiled with a nod. "O Unk! You have performed, for the very first time, a sweet heavenly act for a nice human creature.”
He rolled his eyeballs and returned back with a snarl to see Xambree, "Geez! Let us keep that secret, secret between us! Okay, sweetheart!” He nodded with a smile and waved his hand at her body. “Back you go to your Earth home, right now, Xam!”
Xambree deflated her pair of glittering silver tinted angel wings back down into a pair of pinky finger-sized points, returning them back inside her back spine lifting both of her palms near her stern face. “Wait! What did I do to Jake?”
“Jake has been fully restored back into his normal Bam U super star quarterback selfie," he looked down and checked the human designer wrist watch, returning back with a smile to see Xambree. "And he is back there on the active game field just in the time to win the playoff championship game for Bam U Cougars. That boy betta do his job or he gets to deal with …”
“Unk! Do not threaten, my human guy Jake. I will not like it and neither will my dad or archangel Michael or archangel Gabriel.” She crossed her arms and lifted one eyebrow and a sour frown at the super bad entity in the universe.
He chuckled at her angel-girl attitude while loving Xambree who actually possessing his tough-as-any-demon-finger nails personality. “Chill, Xambree! Jake is fulfilling his true human destiny. I promise you. You haven’t interfered with that, as a matter of fact, I think your angel assignment is almost finished too. When you get home, tell my baby bro that he is to bring the raw angus steaks next Saturday night for the bonfire.”
“That’s good to hear! So what did I do to Jake? I barely possess a charge or two from my almost empty angel reserve pack which means that angel magic didn’t come directly from my powers…”
"O that! Your magic came from your heart, Xam. We are a supernatural creature and possess a set of un-limited quantities with one angel reserve which is freely shared and viciously fought over. Did you not figure it out?" She frowned. Lucifer smiled with a nod and touched his heart, "The one angel reserve is love. Your love had sent human Jake back to the Bam U college campus playing in the championship football game and losing ...”
“… his mental memory of me. Is that right, Unk?” She looked down at the floor and exhaled with sad girly human emotions.
He nodded. “Yeah, you are correct. I am so sorry, Xam. But that’s the way it is and it gotta be here on the Earth plane. A human must feel that that you and I exist within their dreams, not in front of their eyeballs.”
She looked up and nodded to Lucifer, “A human calls that heavenly faith, Unk!”
He grinded his teeth and snarled with demon hatred, “Yes, that cursed word ...”
“So, I really did perform a wipe out inside Jake’s mental mind and physical brain cells. What is the Latin term for that angel trick, Unk?”
“Wipe-o!” he laughed as the walls rattled from his evil sound.
She shook her curls and huffed with her new human word, “Naw.”
He repeated the musical word and frowned with confusion. “Naw! What specific barbaric Earth animal specimen uttered that disgusting sound, Xam? I hoped you killed that thing, before it could re-produce.”
She bounced up and down with her girly feelings of delight. “Jake had taught me that useful southern word and to imitate a burping noise by using my single hand, once I place it underneath my armpit.” Xambree lifted her arm in the air and jerked other hand underneath her armpit with a smile. “Do you want me to illustrate the slick maneuver to your eardrums, Unk?”
The mobile telephone sounded with a rock and roll musical song. Lucifer whipped out the phone and smiled down at the new text message from one of his nasty demons regarding a new nasty living soul down in hell fire. “Ah! I have a new visitor down into my world," He looked up and winked at Xambree. "I am afraid there is no more time for me and you, kid. But you need to go and finish up your angel assignment and report back to you know that higher place, not for me.”
Xambree hugged her uncle and pulled back, lifting up both of her arms, looking up into the wooden planks on the ceiling with a smile of delight, “Can you give me a demon boost, Unk?”
“Sure thing, sweetheart! Good luck, Xam!” Lucifer waved his hand in the air and shouted out loud with a smile. "Bye, Xam. I love you."
"I love you, too, Unk!" A cloud of bright red mist appeared and encompassed her upright body, covering the floor space up towards the ceiling. Then Xambree disappeared from the tiny shack floor space leaving only a red mist of angel dust.
Lucifer stepped into twirling red tinted mist and smelled her vanilla fragrance as an heavenly death angel, smiling with his love for his only blood relative, disappearing down below the wooden floor with his eternal nasty job by the Source.


A few seconds later...
04:02 am

City of Birmingham
    (96 miles, north, from woodland area)

Birmingham University (Burn U) campus
Football field setting
Cold temperatures and bright sunrays without clouds


On the Burn U sidelines of the field, on top of a single gray tinted metal long bench, Xambree blinked open her two eyelashes and stared at the dark colored fabric covering her face and body. She jerked off the blanket and sat upright, bending at her waistline, planting a pair of white tinted football cleats on top of the messy grass. She heard the range of loud cheers and as her nostrils smelled cooked hot dogs and bags of fresh popcorn, scanned her new environment with a gasp of school.
She had been dropped down onto the football field at the Birmingham University campus, where one of the two playoff games was held this sunny afternoon. She looked down and smiled, sitting on top of a metal bench, wearing a full football player gear without the football helmet in solid white hue. Her football jersey displayed the number 18 in the dark purple colors. The mathematical number 18 was a holy sign from the Source and her uncle, who loved his family members.
She scanned the bleachers adsorbing a sea of two colors maroon or white tee shirt in the designated college school.
“Deleo.” She whispered and recalled the proper Latin term for a wipe-out method. Lucifer had not wiped out her angel memory with her angel assignment booting her back into the metro city Birmingham within the US State of Alabama to finish her job, before she would return back into heaven and report to the High Command.
She slowly stood upright from the metal bench and leaned down straightening each white tinted knee pad, protecting each one of her human kneecaps, jerking each white tinted sock over her knee pad and retied her cleats for her football finale here at the ball field.
She slowly stood upright and smiled appearing as a true college field goal football kicker and strolled ahead towards the end of a semi-crooked horizontal line of wiggling and upright, non-playing football players, stepping last next beside a shorter male as she measured six feet and five inches in height compared to his shorter six feet and one inch.
“Sleeping beauty is here!” The football player turned and smiled at the movement on the end of the non-players line, elbowing Xambree and then laughed out loud. “How are you feeling, field goal kicker?” She nodded with a smile and absorbed the commotion on the playing field. He pointed up at the scoreboard with a sour frown. “Ya ain’t missed nothing, princess. Do you see the score? Burn U: 00 Bam U: 00. And nothing but all mathematical zeros appear on the scoreboard too. We can’t get close enough down the field and in front of their twin goal posts without all of them red devils shutting us down on offense.” He bumped into her bicep and laughed out loud. “But get ready, princess! Coach says he’s got a whopper of a sucker punch play getting us passed that tough defensive line and straight towards the thirty-yard line or at least the thirty-five yard line, so your pretty foot can kick the winning field goal for the winning play and then win the playoff championship game.
She gasped in alarm first and continued to watch the running players on the field, nodding several times, smiling with a whisper for her eardrum only. "Dallas was right. He said that this human playoff championship football game will come down to a single field goal from a single field goal long kicker," she slapped her chest with a giggle and bounced up and down feeling her interior nervousness mixed with her excitement. "I am that single field goal long kicker. This is my angel assignment, but I do not understand."
On the football field, the grassy was torn into pieces that covered some of the spilled human blood and some ripped off human skin tissue. The Burn U star quarterback caught the pitched football inside both of his hands and quickly back pedals five yards from the line of scrimmage, searching the open field for one of the running backs. He found one and watched.
The running back leaped from the ground and soared through the open air currents with two upright arms and a pair of open palms, quickly landing back down and tumbled over his big feet, slamming his face down into the fresh plot of cool grass, cursing with defeat.
The crowd of Burn U fans stood upright from the bleacher seats and hollered in defeat."Aw!"
The Bam U fans cheered in victory.
The Burn U quarterback quickly re-assessed the fast-paced movement of upright running backs on his team and viewed an opening, rearing back his throwing arm and pumped the football in the air and then released the ball. The football flew faster than the light speed, tumbling down into the white tinted gloves on Rashab, hugging the football for his team. He landed down on the ground and laughed with victory.
“Aw!” The Burn U crowd chanted lout loud in unison.
On the sidelines, the same Burn U player tossed down his helmet and shouted out loud with defeat, “Dang it!”
The football broadcaster announcer with a smile and yelled with excitement into his microphone as his words blasted out from the hidden speakers through the air waves at the game, "Interception! Did you see that intercepted ball by Bam U wide receiver Rashab Sims. Rashab measures six feet and five inches in height and weighs 229 pounds. He is the superstar running back for the Birmingham State University Cougars. He is tall, smart, fast, and possesses a sure-handed to catch each football toss, jumping in the air with his super-human height. He cradled the ball like a baby and landed down on the grass protecting his kid. Now, the Bam U football team possesses the ball on the twenty yard line. And I do believe that I can predict without any doubt that is an automatic win of six points from a touchdown on the score, which will place the Bam U State Cougars into the final National Championship football game, which will be played in seven days from today. And all of Bam U team mates are happy with that catch performing an ugly series of dance steps over the torn grass and naked dirt football field. This has been some game, folks! The time clock had stopped with eighteen seconds which is plenty of time to score the first and only touchdown for six points from the Bam U quarterback."
The two teams switched up players with the Burn U defensive player trotting onto the field and standing in their defense pose. The Bam U football players slowly jogged onto the field and stopped, huddling with a set of lowered helmets for the last few seconds left within one of the two playoff championship football game for the win of the day.
On the Burn U sidelines, the same Burn U football player beside Xambree turned and frowned at the nose profile on Xambree. “Man, I can’t believe our bad luck here at the playoff game. We have avoided every offensive play, even with Gunter missing almost the entire game, too.
“Jake!” She gasped in shock and scanned the football field for the star quarterback on the Bam U team, darting her two eyeballs with a heavy heart, scanning the opposing sidelines, not finding Jake for some reason.
"Jake Gunter is hustling out from the Birmingham State University locker room in full football gear without the football, folks. I have big news, fans. Jake is finally joining the playoff championship game. Now, we might get some points on that pointless scoreboard, folks,” the paid football broadcaster chuckled into the microphone that blasted over each hidden speakers as the Bam U crowd cheered and clapped for their football hero.
On the Burn U sidelines, a Burn U football player turned with a gasp and stared at the entrance gate that led into the football locker room for the opposing team, seeing Jake. “Gunter has returned.”
From the exit gate, super star quarterback Jake trotted over the vanilla covered concrete and tossed both of his arms in the air with a smile as the Bam U crowd wildly clapped and cheered for their football hero. He stepped into the field and jogged down the sidelines slamming into a huddle of players. The head coach jogged over and hugged Jake with happiness, pulling back, ordering his football instructions.
The same Burn U player turned and grinned at the nose profile on Xambree. “I’m glad you and Gunter had survived that kidnapping thing, Xambree. But I really hoped that Jake won’t return and play in this game.”
She gasped in shock and continued to stare at Jake on the opposite side of the field. “What kidnapping thing?”
He gasped in alarm. “Uh! O! I am sorry! The team physician told us you might not remember that terrible kidnapping incident. You and Gunter had gotten dumped down into that stolen pickup truck, together, after seeing these two men injury that coonie dog..."
"Whose coonie dog was it? What person did the coonie dog belong too?"
He nodded. "Then you and Gunter had been kidnapped and taken in that stolen pickup truck up in the hills overlooking that duck pond near the Henderson’s farm land and stored inside of one of these old tiny shacks.” She turned and nodded to the player. He cleared his throat. “Well, you probably don’t know or remember like the team medical physician said. Gunter’s girlfriend, that pretty thing named Praelle, she and Gunter’s football buddy named Cecil had tried to stop the kidnapping ...”
“Was Praelle harmed during that terrible event?”
“Naw! Gunter’s girl and his one buddy had tried but failed stopping the two kidnapping dudes. Bam U football player Cecil got body-slammed against the side wall with some big ugly black and blue bruises and a broken arm, so he ain’t out there playing in the championship game as the superstar Center on the football field today. But he is still watching the game inside one of the luxury skyboxes with Gunter’s dad. I heard that Gunter's dad was so impressed with Cecil guts, gravel, and grits that he has offered Cecil a cushy vice president position at his business company, right after Cecil's college graduation in two weeks from now. His dad is a billionaire with billions of dollars. Man, that Cecil character is a lucky dang dog. He has got it made in the shade, starting out as a vice president of a large company making one million cool dollars all at the tender age of twenty two years old. I wished that I had been there to save sissy Jake instead.”
She nodded with understanding. The cast of Bam U students had changed probably due to her uncle's wipe out on Jake’s mind along with his Bam U friends Praelle and Cecil.
“And Praelle, was she hurt?” Xambree frowned.
He flipped his hand in the air and scratched his nose bright, laughing out loud, dropping down his limb and slapped his leg, “Naw! She had appeared right after the kidnapping event without a scratch or bruise or broken limb on the television screen acting all scared, crying, and wailing like a piglet on my granddaddy’s farm. That dude Cecil with his broken arm had called the campus police on Jake's landline telephone. I didn't know anyone possessed that ancient device anymore but some old great-grandmother that barely breathed. Well, good man Cecil informed the campus police and local police force that his pal Gunter had been kidnapped from his fancy penthouse private bedroom by two unknown males. The police force gathered and went out, finding and tracking down your dirt trail and found that isolated shack. Well, it didn't help the two stupid kidnappers had left a portal heater inside that tiny wooden shack. When you, Gunter, the two kidnappers all arrived at the hideout, that tiny shack was light up like a fire cracker and burning down like a church bonfire in the middle of the forest grass that sent up a huge black colored smoke signal which alerted everyone, the police cars, the fire trucks, the forest rangers, the farmers, and even a few gray-haired grandmas showed up on a horse with a pail of cold water to douse out the forest fire flames. So, you and he laughed. Then you and Gunter were both found tied and unconscious and unharmed on top of the wet grass. The end!"
She laughed at the revised event with funny compliments from her devil uncle and smiled. "Wow! I do not remember any of these events. Thank you for that far out demon tale." Xambree winked. "O! You didn't say. What happened to that coon dog?"
"That coonie dog raced after his master ..."
"What about Gizmo? What happened to Gizmo?”
"Who? Who is Gizmo? O! Do you mean that superstar Bam U defensive lineman?" He turned and pointed at the field. "Gizmo is playing the football position of Center that stands in the middle spot on the line of scrimmage today as his pal Cecil is enjoying his new riches. He is number 60, which is Cecil's old jersey number also."
Xambree turned and gasped in shock, staring at a huddle of Bam U football players, watching the game.
On the field, within the Bam U huddle, Jake sucked his helmet over his sweaty skull and leaned down with a smile, staring at each exhausted offensive player. Some of the players had worked during the game as both a defensive and an offensive position covering an absent Cecil and an unconscious Jake.
Gizmo leaned over and slapped his face mask into Jake’s helmet, pulling back with a sneer at the unharmed and rich billionaire heir. “I hope that you can do this thing, Jake. We need to score some points on the board to win the game. Or we will go into overtime status and lose the playoff game. Can you even see the twin goal posts in bright yellow hue?” He laughed with some of the tired and angry players, who were mentally thinking the same worried thoughts.
If Burn U captured the football back, then their talented field goal long kicker will win the playoff game instead.
Jake smiled with a wink at his friend. “I’m cool now! I can see everything, even the space in-between the two yellow tinted goal posts too. Thanks for asking, Gizmo!” He clapped for attention as his brain cells clicked backwards in time for a split second.
Jake had not remember the sequence of events from yesterday. The kidnapping event had happened inside his own apartment room. He had gotten hit over his bone skull with a flashlight butt end and then had passed out for the entire duration from being taken to becoming rescued.
A few minutes ago, Jake had awakened on top of a padded bench inside the Bam U football team locker room and had been completely dressed in his football gear.
His biological dad sat beside the unconscious body of his son inside a chair with worry and watched over his son, smiling with happiness when Jake opened his eyelids. His dad reached down and jerked Jake upright from the bench, hugging his son, explaining the football game situation.
Jake dashed away from his dad, the sofa, and out the locker room, jogging down the dark tunnel to save the day and win the playoff game keeping the Birmingham State University Cougars in the National Championship Football title.
On the field, Jake blinked back into reality and as his alert mind flashed present at current football game. “Coach had ordered a Hail Mary pass blowing us straight into the end zone for only score and winning this championship game.”
Each football player sounded with a varied assortment of loud animal grunts with the new command and then clapped with excitement for the final play, of the final seconds, in the final playoff game of the late afternoon, shuffling in different directions, assuming their individual football stance for last game play of the afternoon.
Jake stood in place and then strutted forward with a smile of confidence, leaning down, placing both of his palms underneath the rear end on the Center football player, who would hand Jake the football that would make the winning touchdown in a few seconds.
Gizmo slammed his five finger pads down into the dirt and watched the parallel man from the Bam U defensive line, so the defensive lineman did not run through big Gizmo and then sack the superstar Bam U quarterback Jake Gunter.
His mind popped backwards in time to yesterday morning. Gizmo had paid in cash money using his personal bank account to a couple of unknown males to kidnap the new field goal long kicker from the Birmingham University Steel Bolt football team and then keep her hostage for one lonely cold afternoon, until the end of playoff championship game that would guarantee the solo win for the Birmingham State University Cougars football team.
However, Gizmo's best friend, college roommate, and fellow football player Cecil had gotten wind of the dirty deed through his sweet girlfriend Doray, who had heard the nasty girl gossip rumor from the shared information by her friend Praelle, since Praelle had contacted her biological brother Moppe, who had introduced Gizmo to the two dudes there at the local Honky Tonky Bar for a secret meeting with the money and the instructions.
Then, the entire sorted illegal affair had blown up faster than a nuclear bomb test in the desert sands of Nevada, when the two unknown dudes had learned of Praelle’s connection to her boyfriend Jake, who was a billionaire’s son. The two unknown duded had decided to implement a quicker-rich-scheme that would make each one an instant millionaire, without the blood, sweat and tears of hard work, within minutes.
Jake did not know the ugly truth about the entire dirty deed, since his girlfriend Praelle was not present at the playoff championship game and was right now tattling a lie or something to the local police captain at the local Oppton city police station. The smart police detective had followed a weak trail and then taken college student and head majorette twenty-two years old Praelle into police custody for questioning about her shared information coming from her biological brother Mopee and his shared knowledge of the two unknown kidnapper dudes.
However, she would probably got off without a criminal charge and still desired to become one of the prettiest Professional Football League wives with her new husband, the new professional quarterback Jake Gunter, once she had been released from police custody later or never.
But Cecil was the hero on yesterday and had been promised a vice president work position, until his death, at Gunter Industries by Jake’s dad for saving Jake’s life with that simple telephone to the campus police. Cecil's broken arm was healing inside a warm and lush skybox sitting in-between Mr. and Mrs. Gunter while his friend Gizmo showed off his football skills playing both a defensive and an offensive position during the entire game today on the field.
Gizmo had great odds of becoming drafted into the Professional Football League as a center offensive player or a defensive lineman, especially since quarterback Jake had missed almost all the playtime while sleeping on top of the padded sofa inside the Bam U locker room.
Now, superstar quarterback Jake had returned and refreshed readying to toss the last football pass that will win the playoff championship football game for the Birmingham State University. Then all the citizens throughout the USA including the professional team coaches, recruiters, and owners will remember Jake and his infamous Hail Mary pass to the superstar running back Rashab for the winning touchdown that will place points on the pointless scoreboard, before the end of the final seconds, winning the game of the day.
Gizmo snarled and then sneered at the defensive lineman in fighting fury.
If Jake could not complete that Hail Mary pass to the running back for the winning touchdown, then the clock time would expire into zero minutes and zero seconds. Then the two football teams would execute an overtime match trying to win the playoff champion game here today in Birmingham, Alabama. Then, each pair of eyeballs from each Professional Football League team members would see and then remember that one solo Bam U football player that had played both a defensive lineman an a center offensive while performing his awesome best on the line of scrimmage on the wining Birmingham State University Cougars.
Gizmo chuckled with his brilliant idea.
“Hike!” Jake yelled out loud as the football was passed into both of his cupped hands, quickly back stepping from the scrimmage line, seeking his teammate Rashab for the famous Hail Mary pass into the end zone for the winning score of the game.
Gizmo kicked out his foot backwards in the air as his large heavy-set athletic body tilted slightly to the left and opened a tiny empty space in the line of scrimmage, when the Burn U lineman gasped inside his mouth protector taking advantage of Gizmo’s football mistake.
The Burn U lineman plowed both of his fists and two feet through an off-balance Gizmo knocking Gizmo down into the dirt, stomping over the back spine on Gizmo and broke three ribs on the Bam U football player. Gizmo screamed in pain and continued to rest on top of the dirt, crying out in agony, shouting for help that did not come.
The Burn U lowered his helmet and raced ahead towards an exposed and unprotected rib cage on Jake, executing a quarterback sack. Jake cringed in pain from the violent Bam U helmet impact on his upright body and tossed the football from his throwing hand in the air, bowing down at his fitted waistline with a set of heavy grunts over the folded body on the Burn U lineman.
The oval shaped leather football dropped down free with gravity and bounced up from the grass, lifting in the air as each football player gasped in alarm and viewed a free ball rushing over each other, chasing down an oval-shaped leather ball from the skin of a dead farm pig.
The crowd of fans stood upright from the bleacher seats and roared with cheers at the silly football activity.
In front of Jake, a second Burn U lineman followed the butthole on his teammate through the large hole within the scrimmage line, lowering his helmet, slamming into the lowered football helmet on Jake’s bone skull. Jake flew backward through the air and waved both of his arms tumbling upside down in the air, exposing upright his two legs with his face sideways and landed down on top of his damaged helmet off the field and inside the Bam U sideline clearing. His body collided down in the torn grass on his face mask that didn't protect his naked face. His broken nose bridge and busted lip spilled out his red tinted blood proteins over the sideline grass and as he grunted in extreme pain. He closed his eyelids without thought and body movement.
One of the lucky Burn U defensive linemen leaped up from the grass with a growl and soared through the air with a sneer, catching the out of control football with one cupped hand, landing back down with gravity on the twenty-five yard line of Bam U and cuddled the ball like a baby, laughing out loud with his successful haul.
The Burn U fans cheered, clapped, and hooted with the upcoming victory game play that will win the playoff championship game with three simple mathematical points.
A series of loud whistles blew from each football referee racing towards the twenty-five yard line to mark the new spot for the new owner of the football, Birmingham University Steel Bolt. A medical team in yellow tinted uniforms raced ahead and carried an orange tinted medical cot towards a grounded and injured Jake Gunter on the sideline as each football player cursed and struck a folded fist against each their teammate with the final possession of the football, slowly shuffling off the field and back onto the sidelines. A new team of football players entered the ratty football field for the new action play.
On the Burn U sidelines, Xambree continued to stand in place and gasped in horror at the tragic game play against the human college student Jake Gunter, sneering in angry, stopping her football cleat onto the clean grass to damage Gizmo permanently into a pile of lumpy flesh and bones and then to aid Jake, when a large hand reached out and grabbed her naked arm, swiftly spinning Xambree to face his smile.
The head coach pointed into the football field and nodded with a grin. “Xambree, get out there onto the playing field! We got that fumbled football back in our possession and inside the Bam U territory. Now, this is the time to win the playoff championship game for the Steel Bolt. The football will be marked on the twenty-five yard line which is a cool breeze for your talent kicking leg, girl. Your ten seconds of fame has come, kiddo! That is the time which is left on the scoreboard clock. Now, get out there and make me proud, Xambree!” He released her arm and gently shoved her chest into the playing field.
Xambree flowed with the gently movement without sneering at the head coach and nodded in silence to the human male, spinning around with worry, watching the Bam U sidelines. The grounded body of Jake was hidden from her two human eyeballs and was covered with an array of yellow tinted folded down human bodies from the medical personnel team.
Xambree studied the huddle of folded humans, but she could not feel Jake's medical condition, since her angel reserve pack was ninety-nine percent depleted. She possessed one percent of angel magic to kick the football up from the ground, in the air, soaring it through the twin field goal posts for the three points to win the playoff game for the Birmingham University Steel Bolt, which was her true angel assignment.
Her eyeballs darted and stared at the row of football referees who had placed the lonely football in the middle of the twenty-five yard line. The placement of the ball was an easy kick for a talented human football kicker or an angel with one ounce of celestial magic.
The yellow tinted medical cot slowly lifted up from the circle of folded humans and rose in the air like magic. A second team of blue-tinted uniformed medical technicians carted an unconscious and injured Jake up from the grass, inside an upright cloth tarp in bright red hue behind the row of benches for his quickly medical evaluation, and then for an upcoming swift road transportation to the Oppton Hospital emergency room for immediately medical treatment of his bodily injuries.
On the torn and ratty football field that was stained with red blood and varied exterior human skin pieces and some human teeth, Xambree slowly paced towards the lonely football on top of the twenty-five yard line. The football game could not commence without her talented foot. She looked down with a sad face without using her angel senses but tapped into her five human senses. Human male Jake had been seriously hurt from that terrible collide with two of the large and heavy Burn U linemen and would not return back to finish or win the playoff game for the Birmingham State University Cougars. And his deceptive friend Gizmo was the blaming human.
After the football game had ended, Xambree would go and chat with Gizmo, teaching that southern boy some of her new southern belle social manners for an injured quarterback Jake.
She continued ahead with a sad face and then slammed into a tall wall of hard muscle and then halted.
“Xambree.” A deep baritone timber whispered over her silver curls and as his body reached around and wrapped both of his biceps around her upright body, wearing a solid white colored football jersey with the math number 13 representing a quarterback status on the Birmingham University Steel Bolt football team that handled the football during a field goal play.
Xambree looked up with a frown and then gasped in shock. “Dallas! Why? What are you doing here on the football field and dressed like a…”
“… football player. You got guts, doll, stealing my brilliant idea and pretending to be a long field goal kicker for my awesome football team.” Tall, blonde-haired, blue-eyed Dallas laughed out loud with a smile and spun them around to face the twin goal posts, slowly strolling with her over the ratty field towards the Burn U huddle of male players.
“This is a cheating trick with the human football game, Dallas!” She continued to stroll and stared at the Burn U huddle pondering if a real angel with real angel powers should help the real human football team win the real football game, because some heavenly entity was really going to become real angry at both of the heavenly angels down here on the Earth plane.
He laughed again and stared at the Burn U huddle of players, without seeing Xambree and acting like a true human football player. “Naw, doll. You have used up about ninety-nine point ninety-nine percent of your limited angel reserve pack,” he stopped and leaned into the middle of the team huddle beside Xambree, looking at each bloody face through the protective football face mask, explaining the football orders. “Xambree kicks the football off the ground, in the air and finally flies through the twin goal posts for the winning score to win the playoff championship football game for Burn U. Everyone, find a man and block him or else! That's a nasty promise coming from me,” he turned and winked at Xambree.
Each player grunted with the final football orders and clapped with the final victory play, spinning around, shuffling around the field into their offensive assigned position along the invisible scrimmage line.
Dallas spun around and led human Xambree seven yards from the Center football player, where the Center football player will hick the football from the line of scrimmage to Dallas, who was a pretend football player today. 
She stared at the open field and whispered back to angel Dallas. “I’m nervous.”
He smiled. "You’re talented, doll.” They both stopped and spun around to face the bright blue skyline, the cool winter breeze, the line of scrimmage with numerous football players, who growled and cussed at each other. They viewed the patch of fresh green tinted grass and then twin yellow tinted goal posts inside the end zone.
Dallas dropped one knee down on the ground and lifted up both of his cupped hands to the side while readying to catch a flying football coming from the empty space in-between the two legs on the Center football player.
She measured out with her pair of football cleats the required two steps backwards from Dallas and then three steps sideways, lining her upright body in the center empty space in-between the twin goal posts.
The whistle blew loudly from the head football referee to start the final play in the final playoff game as the scoreboard clock started to count backwards from ten seconds. Then a faithful angel appeared coming down from heaven and wore his white tinted battle gear, standing a few feet in front of a crouched Dallas, parking both of his fists on his fit waistline. He sneered down at the white tinted helmet on Dallas, without a string of nasty words.
On the grass, Dallas did not move and continued to watch the two hands on the Center football player, instead of seeing the nasty scowl on his angel buddy Bo. He smiled at the rear end on the Center. “Form up, Bo!”
Tall, black-haired Bo did not move and shouted out loud with fury, wildly waving both of his arms in the air without a pair of human eyeballs seeing his silly motion. He frowned down at the solid white tinted helmet on Dallas and jabbed a finger at his mischievous angel friend. “Dallas, may I remind you …”
He continued to watch the still hands on the Center football player and still continued to pose both of his cupped hands in front of his jersey, chuckling at his silly angel friend. “You're such a mama dog, Bo.”
Bo sneered. “You, and only you, are in big major heavenly trouble, boy!”
“I got permission to descend down to Earth, this time, bro.”
Bo gasped in shock and then shouted out loud with fury, continuing to wave both of his arms in the air with annoyance, worry, and frustration, staring down at the football helmet, without seeing Dallas. “What! Who give your heavenly permission to leave the heavenly plane and then angel jump down here to the Earth plane? Who would even do that for you, Dallas?”
"Look behind your left collar bone, Bo!"
Bo spun around with a grunt of annoyance and gasped in shock, viewing a third angel that had came down from heaven also. The tall, silver-haired, swirling-eyed angel stood on the Burn U sidelines alone and away from the line of human football players, presenting a pair of silver tinted wings, wearing a set of black tinted battle gear, without his angel sword, and stared at his angel daughter with a stern face. Bo said with puzzlement and surprise in a whisper only to Dallas. “What! I see Xambree’s dad. He is here alone and standing on the Burn U sidelines.”
Azrael, the archangel of all the death angels, the blood father of Xambree, and blood-brother of  Lucifer nodded in silence to Bo. Bo nodded back in silence to the higher ranking arch-angel.
On top of the grass, Dallas did not move from his football stance and ordered. “Suit up, Bo!”
Bo smiled. “Right!” He spun around with a smile and faced Dallas, snapping his fingers, quickly displaying a matching Burn U football uniform with a purple tinted jersey number 90. He shuffled around and halted his folded body standing behind the line of scrimmage as a Free Safety football player which was slightly beside the Center and away from the true flying football that would sail towards Dallas.
“Don’t let any of those defensive ends get to Xambree.” Dallas warned Bo.
A real angel was present on the football field with heavenly permission from a real archangel to protect the pretend human girl Xambree as her angel reserve pack could not do a proper job of protecting her human form, in which, Xambree could become hurt or injured or bloody or something more deadly.
“Covered, man!” Bo looked up and growled at the opposing line of Bam U football player, who could not hear his words.
Dallas yelled out loud. “Hike!” The Center pitched the football in the air. Dallas caught the ball with both of cupped hands and then swiftly placed an upright ball on top of the grass, holding the end tip with his index finger, turning to nod at Xambree. “Kick it, angel!”
The football players stood upright and collided into each other as Bo hopped side to side protecting both Dallas and Xambree from a true hit and a true injury during the active play.
Xambree slumped her skull down towards the ground then stepped her right foot, and then her left foot, hitting the upright football from Dallas' hand with her right foot. The free football jumped up from the grass and lifted up into the air beautifully gliding in-between the center space on the twin goal posts for the field goal points as the scoreboard clock counted down the last three seconds to end the playoff championship game.
The paid football announcer stood upright with a smile and shouted out loud down into the microphone that blasted the air waves in the football stadium. "Burn U wins the playoff championship game. The final football score is three to zero over the Bam U as the Burn U fans go wild and crazy with cheers, claps, whistles, and playing musical instruments..."
On top of the football field, Xambree had halted and watched the football fly in-between the two goal goals.
She jumped up from the grass and hovered in the air with happiness, striking her fist into the air, turning with a smile to view her dad. She landed back down on the grass and smiled at her dad.
Azrael did not move but nodded with a smile to his daughter while ensuring her healthy angel soul and then quickly disappeared from the Earth plane, returning back into the heavenly plane.
On top of the field, Xambree spun around with a smile and stared at Dallas. He slowly stood upright from the grass and stared at Xambree, clapping with her outstanding football performance with a nod. Bo spun around from the players and pulled up beside Bo, clapping with a happy smile for Xambree also.
She jogged to Dallas and collided into his tallness with a giggle, hugging his body with a smile, whispering with a frown of worry into his, only. “We have changed the human Earth history, Dallas.”
He pulled back with a smile and shook his curls. “Naw, doll! Burn U had been fated to win, always.”
“How do you know that?” She back stepped and nodded to Dallas.
“I know everything, doll!” Dallas laughed out loud and stood in place, facing the twin goal posts while hearing the loud commotion from each happy human. The rest of the true football players were dancing around the field in the stands celebrating the win for the Birmingham University side.
The opposing team, the Birmingham State University football players slowly walked ahead and joined the football staff members on the Bam U sideline wearing a sad face and a bowed chin in football defeat.
Xambree nodded with a smile to Dallas and then scooted around the two angels, dashing into the crowd of fans, leaving Dallas and Bo alone.
Dallas pulled out a single white tinted cigarette and placed it in-between his parted lips, striking a small wooden match, displaying a tiny plume of fiery red tinted flame in the air while re-engaging in his nasty human habit. He had lived one hundred year on the Earth plane as a young adult human, before he had rescued by his heavenly bro Bo.
Dallas viewed Bo with puzzlement. “Are you not stopping me from my nasty human habit while visiting down here on the Earth plane, Bo?”
Bo shook his bone skull with a grin and flipped his hand in the air, returning his clothes back into the battle gear with a smile. “Go ahead, man!”
“I’m ready.” Xambree returned back and stood behind the back spine on Bo and Dallas, shouting out loud with a smile and held a flimsy electric blue colored blob in-between her two arms. She looked down and winked at the gooey monster. Before her dad had vanished from the Earth plane, Azrael had un-bundled her angel powers, releasing the Ligo magic. She had reverted back into a death angel to complete her angel assignment.
Dallas placed the lit cigarette between his lips without fanfare and deeply inhaled the nasty smoke, violently coughing out loud, spitting out the cigarette and his mouth saliva down on top of the grassy field. He stared down in shock at the burning cigarette and looked up, turning with a sneer to see Bo, jabbing a finger at his friend, “You …”
“...are an angel, now, man. No foreign toxins can invade your precious angel DNA ever or never or foreverly, anymore,” Bo laughed with amusement and reached over, slapping the bicep on Dallas. Dallas gasped in shock and looked down with a growl at ground at the sizzling cigarette. Bo nodded with a grin. “Say bye-bye to another nasty human bad habit, Dallas!”
They slowly spun around and viewed Xambree. She knead both of her hands and all ten fingers and then morphed the blue tinted gooey blob into an upright human shape. The new Shape appeared as a blue tinted duplication of college student and Bam U quarterback human Jake Gunter.
Bo gasped in shock and turned to view the Bam U sidelines seeing a set of kneeling human people including the coaches, the football players, the medical staff, and the family members that stood around a dead biological human bio-shell on college student Jake Gunter. Bo returned back and frowned at the Shape, jabbing a finger at the Bam U sidelines with puzzlement. “Jake!”
“Yeah.” The Shape of Jake looked up and smiled at Bo slowly rotating a blue tinted neck around the old Earth environment, seeing the blue sky, the green grass and then death angel Xambree. He smiled with a set of blue tinted teeth and looked down at his new clothes, pressing his blue tinted hand with five matching finger on his white tinted vest over a white colored, a long sleeved tee shirt, a pair of white jeans, and a set of white tinted cowboy boots. He smiled down at the shoes. “Am I really wearing a pair of cowboy boots in white hue?” Jake looked up and nodded to Xambree.
“The boots are more durable and cute on your body, to boot.” Xambree bumped into Jake and winked at his cheekbone, grabbing down and held his hand while giggling like a human girl.
“Are your cowboy boots made in rattler's or gator's skin?” Dallas laughed.
Bo sneered, “Shut up, Dallas!”
“I am just making light conversation with the new blue tinted heavenly Shape or Spirit or Something eerie.” Dallas turned and smiled at Bo.
Bo growled at the young and inexperienced death angel, “Xambree, you are to put…”
She reached up and placed both of her hands upon the blue face on Jake, leaning over, tenderly kisses his set of gooey lips while feeling his single emotion of love. The sensation was the same experience for her inside the woodlands shack during their kidnapping event by a pair of evil humans that Lucifer had destroyed for his revenge on his blood niece. Now, the two naughty living souls were residing down in hell fiery and having some non-fun times with Lucifer.
She pulled back and smiled at Jake in silence love. He smiled with his set of blue teeth with his silence love also.
Dallas grinned at the two young love birds and leaned over, smiling into the cheekbone on Bo. “Now is not a good time for reprimanding Xambree. Bo.”
Bo jabbed a finger at the death angel with fury, “Xambree, go and put …”
“You really are an angel.” Jake nodded with a grin and felt her range of angel emotions.
“You and I are a pair of angels.” Xambree nodded with a grin and heard the loud voices, spinning around, viewing each one of the sad humans that moaned and wailed over a dead and empty human bio-shell of former Jake Gunter.
Jake turned to see the Bam U sidelines and watched the stream of tears coming from his biological Earth parents, returning back and smiled at Xambree. “I am really …”
“… an angel.” She smiled and entwined her arm around his blue tinted arm.
Bo continued to stand in fury as he was the senior angel over the true graceling while they both were down here on the Earth plane. “Xambree, this isn’t a good idea. As a matter of fact, it’s a very bad idea.” He looked up and scanned the blue sky and rows of white tinted clouds for a single or row of red tinted flying demons that wanted to fight over the blue tinted Shape of Jake, where he and Dallas would have to fight and protect the Shape of Jake. Bo returned back and yelled out Xambree, “Xambree, you are to morph Jake back to…”
She turned and sneered at Bo, “This is my angel assignment, Bo. I’m the leader, so I decide what to do. I strongly suggest that you go and protect your angel ward while visiting down here on the Earth plane from any and all red demons, Bo.”
“Ward! I ain’t his ward, doll.” Dallas turned and sneered at Bo. “I ain’t no ward, bro.”
Bo turned and winked at Dallas. “You are my Robin Hood, man.”
“Dallas means that he is the Robin boy to your Batman, Bo.” Xambree giggled with Shape Jake at her lame joke.
Bo slapped his chest and laughed at Dallas, “I’m the senior …”
“No! I ain’t nobody’s red robin, bro.” Dallas frowned at Bo.
Bo exhaled with annoyance at Dallas and returned back, frowning at Xambree, “Xambree, change the soul back into a …”
“Woof! Woof!” A loud bark from a running dog echoed from the entrance gate coming from the Bam U football locker. Each angel spun around and stared with puzzlement at the entrance gate, where the origin sound echoed from each dog bark. Then a blue colored canine dog exited the entrance gate and raced directly to the blue tinted Shape of Jake.
The Shape of Jake dropped down on one knee as the dog raced into his open arms, smelling the familiar odor. The Shape of Jake smiled down at the familiar dog, “Jimbo, what are you doing here at the game field in Birmingham, Alabama? You live in Oppton, not here,” he scratched both of the floppy ears on the dog with a smile. “Jimbo, he came here to say good-bye to me. I can't believe this.” He leaned down and wrapped both of blue tinted arms about the dog. “I will miss…” Jake choked up with love emotion for his best friend, since a kid.
Xambree kneel down in the grass and reached out, patting one of the ears on the dog, whispering to the Shape of Jake. “Jake, what do you remember on the night of your human kidnapping from inside your apartment room at the Birmingham State University campus?”
He sat upright from the dog and continued to pat the bone skull while shaking a blue tinted bone skull with a head of matching blue tinted hair on his new body. “Not much! I had gotten hit in the head with a hard object from that unknown male and then I had passed out until I had awakened up here at the Burn U football stadium, inside the locker room. My dad was there and told me to get out into the field and win the football game. So I did not do that.” He turned and nodded to Xambree. “That is all I remember. So, what else happened to me? I don’t know the full story.”
Bo frowned and stared down at the dog and then the Shape of Jake. “Well, the Shape of Jake, you will find out all and everything at your new home, once we all quickly return back into the heavenly plane, before a red demon descents upon our spot as each one of us is a flying angel. So...”
“Two unknown males rushed into your apartment room searching for you, Jake.” She nodded.
Jake gasped in shock. “Naw! That is not possible. Jimbo, he is my guard dog and guards my property and my person,” Xambree shook her curls in silence. Jake frowned.“I am kinda confused here. Jimbo guards …”
“Jimbo is a very good guard dog, Jake. Jimbo not only guarded your body, but he took a knife cut for you, when one of the mean human males fought with Jimbo near your bed frame and then they both made their way into the kickboxing ring, where we had fought against the two unknown kidnappers and lost also.”
He displayed a pair of two rolling blue tinted tears coming down an outline of each blue eye socket, looking down at his dog, “Jimbo is dead here on Earth plane, but he is here and is colored like a real blue tinted coon dog hue in front of my blue body and my blue eyeballs. I can feel his hair and his heart and his ears and his bone skull and...”
“Xambree, listen to me!” Bo frowned.
She looked up and sneered at Bo. “Hush, Bo!”
Dallas roared with laughter at the frustrated senior warrior angel, who could not control a graceling and started to dance side to side over the grass in non-angel manner in his silly celebration of joy and delight.
Xambree reached over and touched the jaw line on Jake, swinging his face to her face, nodding with a stern face. “Jimbo has been waiting for you to return back to the Football Tower, Jake. His doggie soul is very close to expiring as a canine using the last ounce of his energy to come back here to you for one last time.”
Jimbo back pedaled from Jake's hands and turned, resting on his side, barely breathing air down into his two lungs, where the knife wound bleed out from his torn neck onto the grass. Jake returned back with a gasp and reached down with worry, tenderly patting the dog hairy skull with love.
She turned and smiled down at the dog. “Jimbo is about to die and pass into heaven, Jake. But Jimbo can come with us, if you will accept and care for his heavenly doggie soul there in heaven, like you had done here on the Earth plane.”
He returned back and smiled at Xambree. “Jimbo, can he become a dog angel and live with us in heaven, Xambree?”
She reached down and patted the dog bone skull with a smile. “Yes, Jimbo can live in heaven with us and become our newest angel-dog, Jake.”
Jake smiled down at his dying dog, “Yes, please may it so, Xambree. Can you do that? Are you allowed to do that?” He looked up and nodded to Xambree with love and worry.
“Naw, she ain’t.” Bo stood in place and crossed his arms, staring down at the silver tinted curls on Xambree. There was a death angel for each expired animal here on the Earth plane, which was a different breed from a set of death angels that collected each living soul from an expired human bio-shell.
“Yes, I can do that. I just needed your vocal permission as his master here on Planet Earth, since you had cared for Jimbo like a pet. Now, Jimbo will become our angel pet in heaven.” she looked up and smiled at Bo. “Isn't that right, Bo?”
Bo stared at her pair of swirling silver tinted pupils without a physical consequence or a vicious word. The death angel had the final say on the living soul.
She looked down and stared at the dog. His doggie breathing ceased as a small blue tinted blob quickly popped up and stood beside his blue tinted coon dog bio-shell. Xambree reached out and snatched up the tiny blob while molding her hands into a dog shape.
The Shape of Jimbo leaped down from her twisted hands and stood on its four paws with a set of sharp blue tinted tiny toenails. The dog wiggled a blue tinted tail and barked at Xambree and then Jake running around the sitting couple with happiness of his new spirit as they both laughed at Jimbo’s spirited performance.
Xambree and Jake slowly stood upright from the grass and faced the western sunset. Jimbo barked out loud and turned racing into the bright light towards his new home in heaven, leading his new angel mistress and master, Xambree and Jake.
On top of the grass, Bo continued to stand next to Dallas and sneered at the back spine on the misbehaving angel, shouting out loud with fury, “Xambree, you have broken about 118 heavenly rules that I can count with my two eyeballs which doesn’t include the ones that I gotta look up inside the celestial rule book. Once I’m back at Central, I am going …”
Xambree danced around the blind side on Jake and then spun around in a backward motion, facing Bo, shoving her hand with a particular finger pad upward in the air. She laughed out loud and swung around, hugging the Shape of Jake with love. Dallas roared with laughter.
Bo gasped in shock and fingered Xambree “Did she…”
“…flip you with the universal majestic bird? I do believe our little girl is all grown up, Bo.” Dallas chuckled and strolled with Bo ahead toward the bright pathway of good light, nodding with a grin. “I like Xambree. She’s a rebel like me.”
Bo muttered underneath his breath, “No one is like you, man.”
“And you finally got that one right, bro!” Dallas patted his own ego and continued to smile while strutting towards the heavenly light for his permanent home.
CHAPTER FIVE





Cast of Characters:


Angee, messenger angel
Argus, warrior angel, son of archangel Michael
Azrael, archangel of all death angels
Michael, archangel of all warrior angels
Bo, warrior angel, guy of Tina
Chase, guardian angel
Dallas, warrior angel
Drake, human male, guy of Mella
Gabriel, archangel
Gavreel, messenger angel
Metatron, archangel of all messenger angels
Ithanna, guardian angel
Raphael, archangel of all guardian angels
Jake, death angel, guy of Xambree
Lystra, warrior angel
Mella, human female; gal of Drake
Tina, guardian angel, gal of Bo
Xambree, death angel; gal of Jake
Uriel, archangel of life angels


Story plot:

Evil Satan has invited the heavenly angels to participate in a treasure hunt on Planet Earth for a set of missing and misplaced human souls and has provided a set of evil riddles and some encrypted creepy clues. The evil arrangement must be fulfilled by an angel, not an arch-angel.
Any type of angel can play within the celestial treasure box, including both the mighty warrior angel and the powerful death angel. 
The second part of his evil catch, some of the searching angels must represent the biological teen angel from one or more of the heavenly arch-angels.
Home of Angels
Heaven, an infinity of space and time


Nine angels beautifully lounged on top of six tan colored chaise lounge of solid cloud materials with their pair of individual colorful angel wings in a spread-eagle form that fluttered in the air currents with a pair of crossed legs comfortably outstretched warming by array of solar sunrays from the intensively heated red and yellow flames of a nearby galaxy as an individual voices whispered softly into an eardrum with a string of sweet words in love and happiness while one single tiny human-made plasma television device blared out loud.
The lovely living room setting was one of the numerous extended and formed celestial balcony formations on the edge of the High Command, the unknown and secret heavenly plane which was comprised of an extremely long row of white tinted fluffy clouds that slowly drifted in-between the bright rays of solar sunlight and the cold dark edge on outer space. The High Command structure slowly orbited the Earth plane going completely around the planet to view each hemisphere which was cleverly hidden by the Source from every pair of human eyeballs within the double view from the bright sunlight and the dark night.
The balcony rectangular shaped format displayed a ceiling of dark outer space twinkling stars, a floor base of solid white tinted clouds, three invisible walls of bright sunlight rays. The last balcony wall of swirling clouds exhibited an arched double archway, without a closing cloud door, leading into a busy hallway that was attached to the rest of the cloud building that housed eighteen floor levels with numerous rooms for sleeping rooms, entertainment rooms, garden pods, musical rooms, sanitation rooms, and the famous heavenly nursery.
An angel did not need to breath air or eat food or utilize the toilet bowl while allowing the supernatural body to enjoy the numerous celestial bodies within the Milky Way Galaxy and all the other surrounding universes.
A tall male angel wore all white including a long-sleeved tee shirt, a matching battle vest, a pair of matching jeans, and a pair of solid black cowboy boots. He measured at six feet and six inches in height with a head of whitish-blonde hair that parted underneath a pair of pale blue eyes on a chiseled square face which was made of tawny gold. The angel entered into heavenly balcony room with a smile and padded ahead towards an occupied chaise lounge chair, passing the first chaise lounge on the entrance wall, wiggling his index finger at the blaring television screen and then magically powered the equipment down. Dallas sat in the first chaise lounge chair and growled at the black tinted screen without the sports game. “Argus!”
Argus shifted to the newest angel and then stopped, leaning down, extending his hand in the air. He introduced with a set of proper social angel manners where he had been taught by his angel dad. “Welcome to the flock here in heaven, Jake. I’m …”
“... the first born of Saint Michael.” Dallas slammed his palm down on top of the arm chair with a loud thump and stared at the back spine on Argus while beating the first born angel to the sucker punch.
Dallas was a fallen angel of six feet and five inches in height on a mesomorph body type with a pair of board shoulders, a head of straight blonde hair, a set of bangs under a heart-shaped face with a precious pair of baby blues eyeballs, and a tone of olive tinted skin.
Argus continued to smile at Jake while talking to Dallas. “A married pair of angels only produce one child, Dallas.” He shook Jake's new death hand that glowed in a golden hue like each death angel and then released the handshake, nodding with respect, back stepping from Jake and Xambree, spinning around. He quickly surveyed the balcony room of present angels and slowly advanced towards an empty lounge chair pondering his next angel assignment.
“That I know very well, Argus.” Dallas sipped and then swallowed the cold bottle of beer, wiggling his index finger at the dark television screen, powering up the devise at the lowest volume level setting while watching the two football teams pound each player and the single basketball. He wore in disrespect, like always, his battle vest un-zipped from his chest and his pair of angel wings were stored down inside his back spine accumulating wet sweat and stinky perspiration.
“Dallas!” Bo sat and entwined his limbs into his girl Tina on top of a single lounge chair, looking up and frowned at his friend. “I told you …”
“Hey, Argus!” Ithanna was a guardian angel with a head of long auburn tinted hair and pale skinned, six feet and two inches in height. Her pair angel wings bounced side to side in rows of warm lavender, sunshine yellow, and bright hot pink, cool dark blue going down into her twin wing tips.
On the next lounge chair, Lystra, a warrior angel displayed dark colored braided head of hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, measuring six feet and ten inches in height, standing upright beside the furniture piece and twirled her silver tinted angel sword in a figure-eight pattern at the precious jeweled encrusted hilt inside her cupped hand in front of her chest, sharpening her new warrior fight skills.
A warrior angel slept with their angel weapon as part of their angel body. Her personal angel sword was half of her body height of six feet and five inches where her weapon measured 38.50 inches or 03.20 feet on a long, slick, silver tinted angel steel.
Lystra turned and smiled at her best angel friend Ithanna, a guardian angel.
Ithanna continued to lounge comfortably against the back rest and turned to nod at her best Lystra, slowly returning back, surveying each present angel with curiosity. 
“Stow the saber, Lystra!” Argus commanded with authority and then stopped, sitting down on the edge of the sideways lounge chair, scanning each young and ambitious graceling (younger angel) in silence. His pair of angel wings were inflated fully and had already morphed into a solid black hue with a tiny ring of silver tinted that gleamed in the bright sunlight, designating his warrior angel status and leadership.
Argus turned and stopped, staring at graceling Lystra. She was birthed as a warrior angel and enjoyed too much conflict and chaos with her set of un-friendly, ugly and verbal words towards the other young girl angels and boy angels. He was continue to monitor this graceling with tough love and bitter authority.
In front of her lounge chair, Lystra flipped her weapon one more time in defiantly at the teen leader of all the younger teen angels and flopped down on the edge of her lounge chair in silence, slapping the tip of her sword down into the cloud floor without sound. She flipped her long braids side to side and modeled her pair of high cheekbones, complimenting all her sister and brother warrior angels coming from her celestial flock. Her dark brown colored hair and dark tinted skin represented the strength and might, when her ancient kin had fought and defeated the vile and vicious human hybrids at the Tower of Babylonia on Planet Earth.
Ithanna leaned over the soft tan colored cloud material and smiled into the face on Lystra whispering her words only to her friend. “Do you believe that Charran is coming to join this impromptu angel meeting from High Command, Lystra?”
Inside the largest lounge room, a variety of angels was present, where each pair of wings glittered among the reddish-yellow sun beams.
The coloration on a pair of angel wings was a piece of important datum in distinguishing the major roles with each serious celestial assignment.
Black tint represented a warrior angel. The more experienced warrior angel was decorated with a thick single or streaks of multi-rings of colors blending the color like a rank of awesomeness power as the weaker angels quickly learned to respect that rank.
Silver hue resided on a death angel as a deather is off limits to a humans and angel, and some aliens living within the Milky Way Galaxy.
A messenger possessed a multi-colored and multi-patterned pair of angel wings. Metatron was the arch-angel of all the messenger angels and likes to see lots of creativity within his flock.
Blue or pink hue coated the angel wings on a life angel, but the overall effect was more like a angel shield for the being.
A guardian angel worn a pair of white tinted angel wings, once they had returned back home into the heavenly plane.
Inside the lounge room, Lystra smiled with a nod while hearing her boyfriend's name. “Of course, Charran will be here, with me.” She turned and surveyed the balcony space.
Death angel Xambree sat beside her new boyfriend Jake. Jake was a new death angel and possessed a head of curly silver tinted hair, a pair of eerie swirling silver tinted eyeballs, a height of six feet and six inches on a muscular body frame, and a tone of glowing golden skin. Their lounge chair sat on the corner edge as both of the death angles ignored each present angel and in-coming angel while smiling and softly chuckling. Their inflated matching pair of angel wings with rows of twinkling silver feathers glittered like rows of earth diamonds in the bright sunlight as their wings twitched slightly back and forth as the love posture exhibited a sweet kiss on the lips, occasionally. Each angel wore a familiar black battle gear consisting of a long sleeved tee shirt, a battle vest, a pair of jeans, and a set of polished cowboy boots.
Angee, a messenger angel wore a head of long bangs attached to shoulder length blonde tinted curls, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of brown tinted eyes measuring six feet and one inches in body height. She shared a cozy chaise lounge chair with her boyfriend Gavreel.
Gavreel, also, a messenger angel measured six feet and two inches in body height, displaying a head of shoulder length black colored hair, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of green eyes, wearing the white tinted heavenly uniform consisting of a long-sleeved tee shirt, a battle vest, a pair of jeans, and a pair of brown tinted cowboy boots.
On the entrance wall with the double archway, a row of empty lounge chairs stood in-between the wide opening. “Greenie, meanie, approacheth!” In the first lounge chair beside the doorway, Dallas shouted out loud with laughter without hearing the angel footpads but using his angel senses that extended into the busy hallway. Dallas had also grown in height, since returning back home to heaven. He now measured seven feet even on a mesomorph body type with a set of squared board shoulders, a head of straight blonde hair with a forehead bangs underneath a heart shaped face with a pair of light blue eyeballs, and a tone of olive tinted skin.
“Deflate your wings, kids!” A blonde-haired, green-eyed, and peachy-tone skin tissue on a seven feet high body frame, Archangel Michael voiced in his baritone timbre and sucked down his set of solid black tinted angel wings etched in a wide band of silver hue back into his back spine, strolling ahead in his black tinted battle gear consisting of a battle vest over a long-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of jeans, and a pair of creative black tinted cowboy boots with numerous horizontal stripes in green hue, waving his hand in the air. He stood in place and then materialized five oversized yellow tinted sitting chairs and then stopped, pivoting around to face each young angle, sitting on the edge of the padded chair, holding an electronic device between his fingers while watching the gathering.
Michael was the head of all the warrior angels as he continuously battled against evil and continuously defeated Satan while acting as the protector of the human race, delivering gifts of patience, courage, ambition, and motivation to strong and weak living souls inside each human bio-shell. He was crowned by the Source with the heavenly title the Prince of Angels also.
On top of the lounge chair, Argus wore a white battle gear like the other younger angels and tapped one heel at a time on top of the soft floor base and rolled his green tinted eyeballs, looking back at Dallas.
Argus measured six feet and six inches in height and possessed a chiseled triangular face in peachy skin tone, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a head of shoulder length blonde hair. “My dad’s angel wings are green tinted in hue only when viewed by a living soul inside a human bio-shell, Dallas.”
“Blob! Blob! Blob!” His deep baritone voice echoed throughout the room and as his seven feet and three inches tall body frame displayed a pair of solid black tinted angel wings that swished to the left and then to the right which was etched in a wide ring of silver hue. He wiggled both collar bones and sucked down both wings back down into the back spine, strutting ahead toward the row of yellow tinted sitting chair and stopped. Black-haired and blue-eyed archway Gabriel spun around with a smile and sat beside Michael, exhaling with puffs of annoyance.
Gabriel was the next highest ranked archangel within the heavenly realm representing both mercy and hope to the race of humans and he was known as the Saint of Communications.
An ancient Babylonian legend had tattled that archangel Gabriel had fallen down from the Source's grace for not obeying one single command and then he had remained outside the heavenly curtain for a long period of time.
His primary angel assignment was to select a living soul from the heavenly nursery to become birthed down onto Planet Earth inside the human world, where the living soul spent the next nine months in the form of a growing human fetus inside the mother-to-be womb. He whispered information into the developing fetus what he or she will need to know about Planet Earth and the human race.
Right before the birth of each fully developed baby inside the mother-to-be womb, his arm reached inside the womb and pressed his index finger pad onto the child's lips, producing the cleft symbol right below the baby's nose.
“Master of mercy and muscles!” Bo stared at a tall Gabriel and whispered into Tina's eardrum.
Bo displayed a head of black tinted cropped wavy hair on left side with a peachy skinned face of lightly dusted black tinted whiskers and a pair of light blue eyeballs.
Tina stared at a tall, large, and heavily muscled Gabriel too and whispered back to Bo. “I see a touch of baby blue colors on his cowboy boots.”
“Each angel possesses a symbol, such like, a flower or a color or a rock. Archangel Gabriel has the symbol of the lily flower, the trumpet as his musical instrument, a moonstone rock, and the color scheme of light blue. And I am warning you here do not ask him about the pale blue tint on his cowboy boots ever or never or foreverly.” Tina smiled and then displayed a stern face.
Archangel Raphael rushed into the large lounge room deflating down both of his solid black tinted angel wings that were trimmed in a wide band of silver hue back down into his back spine, moving towards the chair next to Gabriel with a stern face. Raphael possessed a long ponytail at the nape of his neck muscles in dark brown hue, a tone of dark brown tinted skin, and a pair of dark brown colored eyeballs measuring six feet and ten inches in height, wearing the black tinted battle gear also.
On the shared chaise lounge chair, Bo continued to smile and surveyed the row of sitting archangels, whispering into her eardrum, “Keeping watch, Tina! Each archangel possesses a pair of solid black wings and a distinguishing ring of silver hue that designates their angel rank of awesomeness. Did you see how the silver band on the outer edge on Michael’s wings is slightly wider than Gabriel’s?” Tina nodded in silence and studied each archway ruling in High Command. Bo continues. “And archangel Raphael wears a pair of black boots with a rounded toe patch of purple hue. The color purple is his theme as he is the Angel of Healing. Where does the color purple comes from? I will answer that question. Archangel Raphael is head of all the guardian angels and was known as Saint of Travelers and Medicine. He is the healer of all diseases that a human bio-shell can acquire and has been presented to him by Christ Jesus, who is the Great Healer.
“Yes.” She smiled at Raphael. Tina had missed one hundred years of Angeldom when she had been captured and then trapped down on soil ground of the Planet Earth by former fallen angel and current faithful angel Dallas.
Bo smiled. “And archangel Raphael had taught King Solomon how to bind all the nasty demons into rows of slave labor during the building construction of Solomon’s Temple down on the Earth plane.”
Archangel Metatron entered through the open archway and padded towards the row of chairs, sitting beside Raphael. He was the head of all the messenger angels and was the heavenly scribe by recording every cosmic event, since the beginning of time, and held all the divine mysteries of Angeldom. He possessed 1,500 keys that were written in a secret and arcane language of angels inside a metatronic cube that stored the divine blueprint of the creation.
On top of the shared chaise lounge chair in tan hue, Bo continued to smile and whispered into the eardrum on Tina, “Metatron had been the visiting angel down on Earth plane that had prevented Abraham from sacrificing his son Isaac to the Source during the ancient days. I wonder if he wore his red and black tinted cowboy boots to that heavenly affair,” he softly chucked in her face. Tina giggled in his face.
Archangel Uriel was the Angel of Salvation, the fiery flame of the Source, and the Patron of Arts. He had stood at the entrance gate into the ancient place Garden of Eden and presented his red fiery angel sword displaying thunder and terror to each enemy of the humans and the angels at the beginning of time.
Uriel was head of all life angels and wore a dramatic pair of angel wings that are covered in front of tan colored wings from the arch going down two-thirds of each wing. At the upper one-third edge on his tan colored angel wings, the vertical features was painted in bright red hue that trailed down the two wing tips. He wore a set of black battle gear like the other archangels with a pair of black tinted cowboy boots with an upper inlay in bright red hue, sliding down into the last sitting chair in yellow hue. He possessed a head of flaming red hair that bounced around his collar bone, a pair of amber tinted eyeballs, a tone of glowing pale colored skin and measured six feet and ten inches in height.
Still on top of the shared lounge chair, Bo continued. “Archangel Uriel had rescued John, the Baptist, who was the cousin of Christ Jesus, and saved John from the evil King Herod on Planet Earth, a long time ago, using his famous flaming angel sword. That’s why he has got an upper inlay red patch on his cowboy boots.”
Tina nodded in silence and stared at the next archangel. Bo gasped in shock and whispered into her eardrum, “Azrael!”
Archangel Azrael strutted across the open cloud floor base in the traditional black tinted heavenly battle gear with a pair of solid black tinted cowboy boots and possessed a cropped curly hair in silver tone, a pair of swirling silver tinted eyeballs, and a tone of golden colored skin, measuring seven feet even in height. He inflated angel wings sparkled in silver tinted as  he did not suck them down into his back spine.
Note: no entity tells a death angel what to do or how to say or when to leave ever or never or foreverly.
Azrael stopped and spun around without sitting down in the available chair, scanning the balcony occupants with a stern face.
On the sunny side on the open balcony space, inside the shared chaise lounge chair, Tina and Bo were still entwined as one figure. She whispered back to Bo. “I know the head angel of death, Bo. Every human, animal, angel, demon, and a few aliens on Planet Earth know the familiar death angel.”
Each death angel possessed a head of long silver tinted curly hair, a pair of silver swirling eyeballs that cut into their golden tinted skin tissue and a pair of gigantic silver tinted glittering angel wings that presented a permanent halo effect over their hair roots which protected each one from a nasty flying demon. Their descending angel form appeared as a swiftly horizontal streak of whitish-yellow like a falling star across the dark blackness in the night sky or the bright whiteness of the warm sunlight over Planet Earth while performing their only duty collecting a living soul from a dead human bio-shell. Both the silver tinted hair and the pair of ghostly eyeballs chemically drained out all of their pure emotions and feelings from an active mind while protecting each death angel from any invasion of demons with their nasty tricks and treats as each deather traveled down to Earth and back up into heaven.
A death angel or a deather possessed a set of secret and extraordinary supernatural heavenly powers which guarded the rest of the faithful flock and was utilized exclusively for and against each one of Satan’s demons that stalked every heavenly soul, who tried to ascend up towards the glittering Pearly Gates in heaven.
However, time to time, some arrogant and daring young warrior angels liked to mindlessly question their own angel life form existence and enjoyed stupidly toying with a docile deather. Then the celestial outcome for one angel party was not good, but gooey.
On the duller side on the open balcony space, in the shared tan colored chaise lounge chair, Xambree and Jake sat together, holding the hands. She leaned over and whispered into the eardrum on Jake, staring at the row of chairs with an archangel. “Think it here! Michael is the leader. Gabriel is the general. Raphael is the healer. Metatron is the brains. Uriel is the rescuer. And Azrael is the end of everything.”
Jake slightly nodded and whispered back to his girl Xambree. "I see it. I feel it. I touch it. I taste it. So, I got it!"
On the middle spot on the open balcony space, where the row of sitting chairs in yellow hue stood. Michael slowly stood upright from the sat and scanned the room, viewing each young angel face with worry.
Azrael continued to stand and crossed his arms, surveying the young angels also, wearing a stern face without sitting down and maintained a menacing public image at all times.
Michael turned and nodded to each nose profile on his brotherly archangel. “Thank you for coming, archangels and angels." Each teen face looked up and stared at Michael in silence. Michael returned back and viewed each young face. “Teens, each one of you have been selected and are present here to participate in a Holy Treasure Hunt, sorta. Each one of you must hunt and find the lost tiny creation babies coming from our heavenly nursery which had been transported by a dead life angel inside their precious baby spheres that are composed of cloud puffs of condensed air and dry moisture. Each glowing aura around the baby sphere presented as a pink hue for a female or a blue tint for a male …”
"Hold up!" An open palm with a set of dirty finger pads whipped up as a pair of twenty-nine feet light blue tinted angel wings swiftly inflated at the straight back spine on Dallas, since he liked disobeying each celestial command on purpose and with his fun. He frowned with disrespect at Michael. “Me ain’t no live or dead life angel, unless you require a pair of human eyeglasses and I can see that you don’t. An angle possess perfect 100% vision, Michael. I tested and passed my Opus Sanctorum Angelorum. Do you my wings? Even if, they’re a baby embarrassing blue hue.”
At the brightest sunny side on the open balcony, sitting on the edge of the lounge chair, Argus turned and stared at the misbehaving angel, “Stand down, Dallas! Let my dad finish his practiced and prepared speech,” he did not sneer or frown but stared at Dallas.
Dallas swiftly stood upright from the chair in defiance of that angel teenage leader with a sour frown and crossed both of his arms over his un-zipped battle, staring at the bossy, first born baby son of archangel Michael in silence.
Michael turned and nodded to Dallas. “This isn’t another angel wing test, Dallas. Used too, during a death ritual of a human, if the living soul had been lost and confused, an guardian angel could claim the living soul for good, while a nasty demon could claim the same soul for his evil purpose. Then the living soul was battled over like a prized Earth trophy. If the warrior angel arrived and help fight and then won the battle, then the living soul went to up the heavenly plane along the assigned guardian angel. If the nasty demon won, then the living soul became the property of hell fire along with the assigned guardian angel as failure and then an eternal slave inside that same hell fire spot, because the defeated warrior angel was dead and then turned into a puff of colorful angel dust.”
Dallas slightly nodded his chin to Michael in silence.
Michael continued. “I have here to update all of you like I did High Command a couple of months ago. Things have changed, totally.” He turned and stared at his son Argus. Argus slightly nodded and knew the new information back to his father archangel Michael. Michael turned and viewed each face on every young angel, “So, now, the heavenly angel are required to search, seek, hunt, and take back the lost but found heavenly babies that had been won by any and all nasty demons from Satan, one of Lucifer's generals.”
Dallas whipped his palm near his stern face. “Hold up! The only rooting, tooting way that can happen is if the Adiabel …”
“The Adiabel has been self-sacrificed.” Michael turned and stared with a stern face at Dallas.
Dallas did not react but cut his two eyeballs to Argus while grinding his teeth in silence. Argus continued to sit on the edge of the chaise lounge chair alone and looked down at the shimmery cloud floor, exhaling with sorrow. Dallas returned back and frowned at Michael. “That act has to occur …”
“… on the eighteen of the day, either daylight or nighttime.” Michael exhaled with sadness.
Each angel gasped in shock and presented a sad face in silence.
Bo released Tina with a gasp and leaned over, extending his arm, touching the back spine on Argus. Argus continued to stare down at the cloud floor and exhaled with sorrow. Bo whispered a set of secret word into the eardrum on Argus. Argus exhaled with more sorrow.
On the entrance wall, beside his lounge chair, Dallas gasped in shock and spun around, moving ahead towards the solid cloud wall, kicking out a boot toe and opened up an opening. He exited through that new exit with a low sneer and a sour frown without screaming or words, reaching up, slamming his first into the upper cloud wall and left a new vertical mark. He strolled into the busy hallway and mixed with the other angels blending into the happy atmosphere.
Inside the balcony room, on the middle curved section of the cloud floor which was parallel to the bright solar sun and Planet Earth that hung below the heavenly structure. Michael stared at the back spine on Dallas, who disappeared into the dark busy hallway, speaking to the rest of the seated angels. “He’ll be back! A most unique and unusual heavenly miracle has occurred, my big and little heavenly brothers and sisters. Now, each life angel is safe to transport a living soul down to Planet Earth without a harm or a fight or a death.”
Xambree gasped in shock. “So, are you telling each one of us that the gang of nasty Crimson Tails are extinct?” She exhaled with relief like some of the other gracelings.
When a Crimson Tail had defeated a guardian angel, the left arch of white tinted soft feathers would drink up the spilled blood proteins from the defeated life angel as the life angel was slowly disintegrates into nothingness. The newly absorbed angel blood in rich red hue would clash beautifully against each row of pure white feathers on the new or mature Crimson Tail or a fallen and evil angel that lived down the Earth plane.
“I didn’t say that.” Michael shook his bone from his vague explanation.
“You didn’t explain it, either, to us, Michael.” Bo frowned with confusion and worry, holding the hand of his girl Tina, who had been birthed as a guardian angel. In a few more days, her vacare would end. Then Tina must report back to High Command for her new human ward assignment down on Planet Earth until the human ward's death.
“A Crimson Tail will no longer be created from a fallen angel coming from our end. Satan has his army of nasty red tinted demons and always will.” Michael said. “In the meantime, it has been arranged way too conveniently that one or an army of heavenly angels are allowed to find and then take the nest of heavenly living souls from their temporary holding bondage, which is not located in fire hell. However, there’s a catch here."
"There is always a catch. A human man or a human woman or a nasty demon cannot execute a nice deed without an evil plan." Gavreel nodded with a stern face.
Michael turned and nodded to Gavreel, returning back to see each angel face, lifting up his personal mobile telephone near his smile. "Gavreel is correct. So, Lucifer's general Satan has provided a set of lousy directions, like always,” he laughed with the row of archangel and some of the angels. “Thus, Satan has provided a sorted set of evil riddles and some encrypted creepy clues. Honestly, I have punched, poked, and probed this cell phone and I can’t for the eternal life of me figure out the location of the hostages." He dropped his phone and held up his palm near his stern face."And there is some more baddie news here. The evil arrangement must be fulfilled by an angel. There is a no go with our row of big hitting and smashing archangels. Yes, I do possess and hear each telepathic word coming out from your open mind. Any type of angels can play within the celestial treasure box, including both the mighty warrior angel and the powerful death angel. Anyways, the warrior and deather clans are the most commonly used angel forces during any and all un-civil naughty, not nice heavenly-hellish battles,” he chuckled with the others and allowed the loud sound too cease. Michael nodded, “The second part of the evil catch is that some of the searching angels must be the only child coming from one or all of the big, baddie archangels.” Each angel gasped in shock and turned to stare at each other.
Archangel Gabriel nodded with a stern face and loudly slapped both of his kneecaps for attention, swiftly standing upright from the padded chair, entertaining. “Yeah, it sucks! But, that’s why we have been created here from the heavenly plane and then sent down onto the Earth plane to rescue the humans, who are His children,” he laughed with the others and then presented a sober face. “Michael, as usually on baby’s breath and eagle’s wings. takes way too long to reach the final revelation bonus round simple answer for all of you, little sweet tarts. The other heavenly living soul do continue to grow down there fire hell to become a demon or one of the demon's slaves, which pray for salutation and then is terminated and the soul floats back into heaven for sanitation process. Then the living soul is reincarnated eventually and goes back down to the Earth plane. Or the demon slave likes it down here in hell fire and stays put for fun. However, Satan did not tattle to us any of this new information, but as usual, our heavenly angel spies have found out ..."
"Who is slowly strolling around that same rose bush and avoiding all the thorns, now, Saint of Communications?" Raphael laughed with the archangels and younger angels at Gabriel, who was taking his sweet tea time providing that simple answer too.
He turned and frowned at Raphael. "There is a still one single alive and breathing heavenly baby soul which is located inside Eve’s Tomb.”
Michael nodded. “And you cannot use any of your awesome angel powers. I will repeat that for each pair of waxed-filled eardrums. You cannot use your super, duper awesome angel powers to find and then uncover the secret location of Eve’s Tomb. Some of you are gifted with multiple talents which is granted by the Source. Once I place my gifted hand upon your wing, all of you will possess a set of equal angel talents, more or less, for this very special angel assignment. This concept is …”
“... Ligo ...” Dallas shouted out loud and re-entered the balcony room, standing inside his new opening with a pair of folded biceps, staring at Gabriel.
Michael nodded to the smart angel, “You are correct, as always, Dallas. The Latin term means to bundle or tie or bind up your set of angel magic tightly by a celestial process, which is administrated by a higher entity than you for a number of reasons. One important reason is for any and all human avoidance and protection from a fighting angel while completing this vitally angel assignment down there on Planet Earth.”
Gabriel nodded with a serious tone. “The Ligo concept also translates into you getting to keep your angel fighting skills, only. Your angel telepathy is gone. Your angel projection is gone. Your angel invisibility is gone. And your angel powers of healing are bye-bye too.”
“So much for the great Saint of Communication with the US Postal Workers!” Dallas laughed with some of the angels while facing a new dangerous angel assignment. His eyeballs darted to each young angel and as his angel emotions experienced worry.
Michael nodded. “You see ...”
“I see very clearly, Michael.” Dallas turned and smiled at the archangel.
“What do you see very clearly, Dallas?” He turned and frowned at the angel.
“Gabriel and Michael are the two pigeon carriers of one message regarding one matter, that is important to each heavenly soul.” Dallas nodded with a stern face.
“I don’t understand, Dallas.” Gabriel turned and shook his black tinted curls at the younger angel, crossing his arms.
Dallas fingered Michael with laughter, “Pigeon …” Then he fingered Gabriel with more laugher. “...poopy ...” Michael smirked in amusement.
Gabriel turned and laughed at the nose profile on Michael, “The boy’s smart.”
“Well, we can’t fight a war with a set of cowards or …” Michael empties.
“... crows...” Gabriel nodded with a chuckle.
Dallas nodded. “Saint Michael is part of the council of juries, who get to judge each living soul from a deceased human bio-shell on that famous and infamous upcoming Judgment Day, when the prophecy for each human is finally fulfilled. Do you, two gentlemen care to share the end of time for us and the entire race of humans? Or is that about to end right now, in a few more moments?” He chuckled with the other angels.
On top of the shared lounge chair, Xambree had separated from her boyfriend Jake, sitting on the edge of the cushion, hearing the information. She turned and frowned at her dad. “Daddy, without our healing power, we cannot…”
Azrael turned and nodded to his daughter with a stern face. “You are a death angel, Xambree. Death is a natural component of the cosmic for each living soul, each grazing beast, each flying insect, each squawking fowl, each swimming fish, each breathing angel, each nasty demon, and every visiting alien here within the Milky Way Galaxy.”
“Do you feel special, now, doll?” Dallas turned and chuckled at Xambree. Each younger angel slightly shuffled on top of the lounge chair cushion and sweated inside their clean white tinted underwear also.
Michael nodded to each angel, “There are three conditions …”
“...that translates into three restrictions.” Xambree nodded.
Dallas laughed with a nod. “Everything comes in three’s, doll. Hope, love, faith. Man, woman, child. Peanut butter and jelly.”
“Your last edict contains four words, Dallas.” Bo turned and smiled at Dallas.
“You never count or capitalize a proposition, bro.” Dallas moved ahead with a smile and slid back down into his chaise lounge chair, re-positioning the small human-made plasma television device on top of his kneecaps. He wiggled a finger and powered up the devise without volume, seeing the last few minutes of the human basketball game.
Michael nodded. “No super angels. No super powers. No super allies. The riddle begins with …” he turned and nodded to Gabriel.
Gabriel turned and exhaled with annoyance at Michael. “I know. I am only here with my muscles,” he sat down and nodded to Michael.
“No! You are here to voice your archangel opinion.”
Gabriel smiled and slapped both of his kneecaps again, turning to view each young angel face, nodding with a stern tone. “Listen up! You must use all the physical resources on Planet Earth to find the tomb and then locate the babe …”
“I rather remove all five of my toenails by a torturous manual method with a pair steel pliers.” Dallas smiled down the television screen.
“Since, you only possess a limited angel reserve pack for your angel survival and cannot accumulate material values, such like, gold, silver, or frankincense.” Each angel chuckled with amusement. Gabriel said. “Michael, please, come and illustrate the first clue.”
Michael exhaled with worry. “The physical rock structure home of Noah had existed harmoniously, before the Great Flood. The early day before rounding up and corralling all of these stinky animals by a set of manual maneuvers, and then the collection by hand and by wing of each big and small rock particles shifting that bloody mess through, around, and into that overcrowded weird-looking boat. which was called an Ark, someone finally noticed, after 100,000 years later, that one of these blessed granites had gotten missed in the intergalactic move.”
“It is the black stone of the Holy Kaaba.” Dallas shook his blonde curls and continued to watch the sports game while pondering the mysterious location of the stone.
“I told you, that the boy is really smart.” Gabriel grinned at Dallas. “Finish it for us, Dallas!”
“As the flood waters rose, the angel builders restructured Noah’s house determining swiftly that one small fragment was missing. Well, the angel supervisor-on-duty made an executive decision and did not inform the golden chair in High Command, who all than beat his butthole back down to live on Planet Earth,” he laughed out loud.
Raphael frowned and shook his ponytail. "No, Dallas! That did not happen, angels! Dallas like to add some creative text to his storytelling."
Dallas looked up and turned to view each angel face. “So, centuries later, a single lucky son-of-a-gun human stumbled upon the show piece, which is stained black, not white. Throughout the years, decades, and centuries, the heavenly remnant left alone inside Mother Nature’s cookie jar down there on Planet Earth had been blackened by the sins from the entire human race.”
Bo did understand and frowned with confusion at Dallas. “Whoa the stagecoach here! Your action verb is passive. Had been means, that it is not collecting the sins from the entire human race, anymore.”
“I like a smart-hole.” Gabriel turned and grinned at the nose profile on Bo.
Michael nodded. “The stone had blackened in color coming from every sin on each man, woman, and rotten teenager down there on Planet Earth. Once the fragment had been spotted on our heavenly radar, I had swooped down readying for fight and opened the cookie jar. But, the stone was gone, like Santa Claus at the midnight hour. Because, Satan had stolen it, right before me.”
Argus turned and nodded to his father Michael. “Where do we start the search for the lost heavenly soul, Dad?”
“The Adiabel initialed the sequencing pattern first. The stone is located within the southeastern part, on the North America continent, which is named as the United States of America. Within the USA, the specific location is within the US State of Alabama inside the city which is called Birmingham,” Michael said.
Bo swiftly stood upright from the cushion with his girl Tina and turned to nod at the row of archangels, smiling. “Tina and I just left from the city of Birmingham, a few months ago, based on earthling time.”
“Excellent information!" Michael moved ahead with a smile and visited some of the each younger angels, placing a cupped hand on top of the angel wing, executing the Ligo procedure which had bundled the angel magic. He instructed. "Bo and Tina will become your two human-like guides down there on the Earth plane in finding the black stone, which we believe will lead you directly into uncovering the secret location of Eve’s Tomb, in which single babe is secretly housed,” he circled the room, touched each angel, and then stopped, standing in front of his sitting chair, viewing each young angel face. “I have greeted some of the angels and bundled your angel powers, not the deathers. I cannot touch a deather angel either. Only a deather can touch a deather. Right now, you are technically as fragile as a human that lives down the Earth plane. So, be very careful with your delicate angel body. If you get cut and bleed, then you will become hurt and cannot walk around the soil on the Earth plane. Then you must stay behind and fin for yourself until the angel mission is completed. Do you understand! That is not a question for a response! That is a command! Now, you have received all of your useless instructions and advice from this row of archangels. Godspeed and good luck, teens!” He slowly moved ahead first towards his son with a worried brow in silence.
The rest of the archangels stood upright from their chair and scattered around the room, moving to their only biological angel child as that angel child was required to participate in the location of the single living soul on the Earth plane by Satan.
Argus swiftly stood upright and nodded to his father. “Dad.”
Michael stopped and hugged his only child, exhaling with worry, pulling back with a fake smile. He nodded. “Argus, I hand over the devise to you. Good luck, son!” Michael placed his personal mobile telephone down into the cupped hand on Argus and leaned over whispering with a set of secret words. Argus nodded and then hugged his father, pulling back with a head nod and a stern face in silence. They quickly parted. Argus looked down and pressed the button, activating the phone, studying the lighted screen with the riddles and codes from Satan.
On the bright sunny side on the room, Tina leaned over and hugged Bo while feeling love, fear, and curiosity, staring at Dallas. “Bo, I have never seen Dallas chat so much in one meeting session among a set of unfamiliar angels. He is usually quietly silent or rudely occupied with his the human-made television programs. However, to me, he seems for some strange reason sorta different today.”
Bo leaned down and pecked a light kiss on her smooth cheekbone, pulling back with a smile, without staring at Dallas. “Nerves! Dallas is nervous around the room of great angel warriors, such like, Saint Michael. Then there are some of the angel kids from each great warrior parked on the sofa here within the same room.”
She shook her curls and continued to stare at Dallas, pondering his strange behavior, “No! Dallas isn’t afraid of a room full of great warriors or the kids from each great warrior. He is different for some reason today. Why is he acting funny, Bo? And I don’t mean humorous funny either.”
“I don’t know, Tina. But I can say that I’m a little afraid about this new angel assignment as I do not possess my mighty angel powers. And I am to face Satan and his silly arrangement for collecting one single lost living baby soul, that is hidden from hell fire.”
“Why is the single living soul not down there in hell fire?” she turned and frowned at Bo.
“Why is the single living soul not up here in heaven?” He frowned at Tina.
On the bright sunny side in the room, Jake stood beside Xambree. “Normally, if I am understanding my swiftly learned Angeldom lessons correctly from the past few days, a death angel descends quietly down onto the Earth plane and then collects the living soul from the deceased human bio-shell. Then the death angel guards the living soul and protects their angel selfie while swiftly transporting the living soul safely back into heaven using their death angel powers, since a living soul from a deceased human bio-shell can accidentally touch a death angel and then die violently.”
Azrael stopped and stood in front of his daughter and Jake, turning to nod at Jake. “You’re a swift learner as a new deather, Jake. But, this is not a normal or a nature angel assignment for any of you, teens. Xambree, you can go first. Stand in front of me, honey.”
Xambree shuffled ahead and posed in front of her dad. Azrael placed his cupped hand on top of her collar bone and closed his eyelids. She could feel her set of angel-power drift down and tie into a tight bundle of knots inside her toe bones. He opened his two eyelids and removed his hand with a worried brow. “How do you feel, Xambree?” He leaned over and hugged his daughter, pulling back with a smile, releasing her body with worry and confidence.
“I feel okay, Dad.” Xambree smiled and then scooted sideways for Jake's turn.
“Good! Jake, you’re next.” Azrael nodded. Jake copied Xambree's moves. Azrael repeated the same hand procedure and then opened his eyelids, removing his hand, nodding at Jake. “Done!” He exhaled with worry. “Kids, this is hard for me. I’m your dad and love you more than my eternal life, Xambree. Jake, I am so pleased that you’re going to become my future son-in-law in a few days and wished that I could offer a better wedding gift, at the moment.” He nodded with a stern face. “I’m forbidden to help the two of you. And, at the next family function, I’m going to find and kick Lucifer’s butthole off Planet Earth and all the way to the Pluto Ice Belt for hiring that stupid general Satan."
“Dad, Unk will just slowly drift back towards Planet Earth, which is his home planet, too.” Xambree laughed.
“A long and lonely time to think about his stupid poopy evil idea that has put my baby girl in angel danger.” Azrael looked down at the cloud floor and exhaled with more worry, returning back with a stern face to see the young angels. “Good luck, kids! I’ll be watching and waiting from right here inside this exterior balcony room, which is posed directly below the rotating Planet Earth as I am instructed by the Source.” He leaned over and hugged both of the angels, peaking a tiny kiss on his daughter and then leaning over, whispering a set of secret words in Jake's face and pulled back, releasing the two young angels with a stern face in silence.
“Thank you, sir.” Jake nodded with a stern face.
Azrael nodded in silence and scooted around Jake, heading towards the proper open archway with Michael.
On the dull sunny side in the balcony room, Angee, a messenger angel and the daughter of a messenger parent flashed her fiery amber colored flaming angel sword, which was the most popular weapon that was carried by all of the experienced messenger angels. She lifted the sword over her red tinted hair roots and smiled at Metatron, “I'm ready to began the battle, sir.”
Metatron stood in front of two younger angels, Gavreel and Angee. The two young angels will announce their upcoming betrothed in a few more weeks based on Earth time.
He waved his hand in the air and puffed out her flaming sword, nodding to each young angel face with a worried brow, “I have already talked with both of your parents. They understand the importance of your new angel mission and they love you. Be careful down there on Planet Earth, angels! Neither one of your biological parents or I are not allowed to assist you in my human form or my angel persona; but I can aid both of you by another means," he winked at each face. "Do you understand me? That is not a command, but a true statement.”
She winked back with a whisper. “Yes, I completely understand your order, sir.”
He chuckled and reached out, touching the collar bone on each angel executing the Ligo procedure that bundled their separate messenger angel powers. He pulled back with a nod and released the collar bone on Angee, spinning around with a stern face, moving ahead in silence towards Michael and the open archway.
Michael continued to stand inside the open archway and studied each young angel, shouting out loud with a stern face. “The time has ended. Let the teens go to work, archangels!” He spun around and exited the balcony room. The rest of the archangels expressed their good-byes and followed the back spine on Michael, leaving the room.
On the bright sunny side in the balcony room, Xambree and Jake moved together and advanced to a stationary Argus and stopped in front of the leader while waiting on the next set of angel instructions. His dad Michael was the leader of all the archangels which made Argus the leader of the younger angels on this important angel mission. 
“Xambree, what do you make of this image here on the screen of the mobile telephone?” Argus handed the active mobile telephone to her.
Xambree accepted the phone and then the screen went black giggling at the blank screen. “Nothing!”
Argus frowned at Xambree. “No! I wanna know what kind of design is on …” He looked down with a gasp and snatched the phone from her hands. The phone reactivated and showed the image again, extending the phone to Xambree, pointing down at the screen. “The design shows a set of rotating lines in the shape of …”
Xambree reached out and touched the outer shell on the mobile telephone. The phone went dead again. She gasped in shock and lifted the screen near her frown. “Did you see that, Argus? When I touch your phone, the rotating lines stop moving like …”
“…something more is here...” Argus reached out and snatched the phone again. The rotating lines appeared back on the lighted screen. He gasped in alarm, “What in the heck?”
“Touch it, again, Xambree!” Jake nodded down at the phone. Xambree took the phone from Argus again and watched the lighted screen go blank again. Jake frowned. “Okay! That is really weird and strange and significant regarding something. Looks like Argus is the only angel or human that can hold the phone and then un-lock its hidden secrets. So, that makes you the lucky dog within the wolf pack, Argus.”
“Good! I get to stay up here in my cozy lounge chair and enjoy the bright sunny day here on the cloud plane, watching television, eating snacks, and drinking my favorite beverage.” Dallas laughed and saluted his sweaty beer bottle, sitting comfortably inside the cozy lounge chair with a pair of naked toe bones crossed at over his two ankle bones, dropping the bottle. He sipped and then swallowed the beer.
“Dallas!” Bo turned with a stern face and yelled out loud, seeing the beer bottle. “Get rid of your be…beverage, right here and right now!”
“Naw!” Dallas watched the screen and hissed at the good play from the opposing team against his basketball team.
On the bright sunny side in the balcony room, Argus continued to stand in place and scratched his hair roots with a hand of clean and trimmed fingernails, accepting the new mobile telephone back from Xambree. The phone reactivated and displayed the rotating set of red lines again. He frowned down at the lighted screen, “I do not understand. My dad handed me this phone. Then I powered it up and viewed a set of red tinted rotating lines. Then handed the phone to Xambree and the phone goes dead. So, she can’t see the red tinted rotating lines. That doesn’t make any sense. So, I’m the only one that can touch the mobile telephone without it losing the power. What does it all mean?”
Dallas shouted out loud with laughter. “Satan is an evil person, Argus. I thought you know that heavenly fact, boy wonder.”
Argus exhaled with annoyance and scooted sideways, strolling towards the entrance wall, whispering for his eardrums only. “I greatly dislike it, when Dallas is right.”
“Babies! Our human fight team is comprised of baby angels, Argus.” Dallas continued to watch the sports game but knew within his mind. He was joining a new angel mission with a set of new and inexperienced gracelings. He exhaled with worry and shouted at the angel leader. “We shouldn’t involve a set of angel babies in real teen angel work, Argus.”
Argus stopped and stood in front of the cloud wall, placing the phone on top of the soft surface. The cloud morphed into two separate sections and then lighted up with two individual images that was reflected from the human-made devise.
One side showed a large digital map from the bird’s eye view of Birmingham; the other side exhibited a stationary image of short red tinted rotating semi-vertical lines.


  \
\   /
/   \


“That is not my executive decision, Dallas!” Argus scooted to the side and allowed the dark image to shiny on the white tinted cloud wall, showing each pair of angel eyeballs.
“O! It was Satan's executive decision. I forgot already! I don't think I'm mentally prepared for this angel mission, boss,” Dallas laughed and watched the sports game, slowly sipping the beer bottle, pondering the illogical, dangerous, and deadly angel assignment without a set of angel powers coming from Saint Michael, the Prince of Angels.
“Thanks, Dallas!” Argus continued to stand and watched the team of angels. Each one moved ahead and stopped a few feet from the entrance wall, studying the cloud screen in silence.
“No sympathy for the weak babies.” Dallas smiled.
“All right, Dallas!”
“No fear for the brave babies!” Dallas laughed.
“I got it, Dallas.”
"I am just coloring the empty digital picture here.” Dallas nodded.
Argus frowned. “Why must you always behave as the only snot-hole angel within the group, Dallas?”
“I will behave and assume the snot-hole angel role, always and foreverly,” Dallas laughed.
“I'm just double-checking …”
“Twice!” Dallas sipped the beer.
Argus said. “All eyeballs look here. This is a digital map of metro city Birmingham which is the largest city within the US State of Alabama. The city is ten miles in width going geographical from the east towards west and twenty-five miles in height consisting of trees, trucks, and troops going geographical from the north towards the south. Eve's Tomb can be located anywhere within this geographical area.”
Ithanna stood beside her friend Lystra and studied the image. “Well, that symbol is clearly a dead or twinkling constellation here within this solar system.”
“No, I do believe so. The one hint is that Eve's Tomb is located down on Planet Earth and not another world. And the formation of this image does not match any star constellation near the moon or Earth or any of the other worlds here within the Milky Way Galaxy.” Argus shook his curls.
“That is a human or an angel or a demon hand with a human or an angel or a demon thumb print on the side of the human or angel or demon limb.” Gavreel nodded with a smile and stood beside his girlfriend Angee.
“No." Argus frowned with mystery.
“Maybe, the five symbols represent some kind of specific interpretation, such like, the number five is a prime number within the cosmic.” Xambree stood beside Jake while studying the image.
“Five digits look like my hand or my foot.” Jake wiggled his hand in the air with a smile.
“It appears to resemble a human. A human possesses five toes or five fingers.” Lystra nodded.
Tina nodded. “I do not think so. A human displays a total of ten toes and ten fingers,” she turned and whispered to Bo. “Lystra is not a guardian angel, is she?”
“She is a warrior angel. They only got guts and gory.” He whispered back with a smile.
“Bo!” Dallas shook his blonde curls and continued to sit in the lounge chair, staring at the gracelings with worry.
“Chill, Dallas!” Bo looked up and studied the strange image on the cloud wall.
“This a human skull clearly with one left arm in the air and one right arm in the air and a left leg to the side and the right leg to the side. The human body is complete and waving both of his arms, clearly. The human is clearly happy about something.” Angee nodded at the image.
“No!” Argus shook his curls.
Xambree said. “If this is not a human image of something kind, then we need to concentrate on the next image, the mathematical number five. The number five is a prime number and represents …fill in the blank, angel,” she giggled.
Angee nodded at the image on the cloud screen. “Five is the atomic number of boron mineral.”
Ithanna touched her nose. “There are five senses on a human. The five human senses include feeling, hearing, seeing, smelling, and tasting.”
“Five fingers are known to fishermen as a star fish.” Gavreel nodded. “The number of appendages on a star fish is called pentamerism.”
Ithanna nodded with smile. “I told you. This is a star.”
“Almost all amphibians, reptiles, and mammals have fingers or toes with five of them one each extremity.” Angee smiled.
“These are very good answers and we have covered both the topics of biology and science facts, but I don’t think we have a solid solution, yet. What else, angels?” Argus said.
“There are five wounds which had been administered on Jesus Christ. The Jewish culture uses the Khamsa which is an ancient symbol that is shaped like a hand with five fingers for protection from envy and evil.” Ithanna nodded.
“Good job, teens! But no chocolate candy bar!”Argus said. “We just covered the topic of the humans and religion. Do you have any more ideas?”
Dallas laughed. “I don't like chocolate candy bars, Argus.”
“Hush, Dallas!” Bo frowned at the image.
“Aristotle had claimed that the universe is made up of the five classical elements, consisting of water, earth, air, fire, and ether.” Gavreel added.
“Can you confirm that, Gavreel?” Jake said. Gavreel shook his auburn tinted buzz cut in silence.
“The Ancient Greek Olympic Games which were a series of competitive sporting events among the race of muscular and athletic humans had used and it is still used today as a series of five interlocking rings as a symbol of peace and sportsmanship.” Ithanna smiled.
“That’s very good idea, Ithanna! Maybe, we should focus on the human related association, such like, one or numerous places or things that affect a single human, which would not impact the planet. Is the symbol a five-star restaurant symbol, where a human or his family eats food?” Jake smiled.
In front of the entrance wall, Dallas continued to sit and watched the football game, shouting out loud for his. “Now, I’m hungry for a hot plate of food.”
“Hush, Dallas!” Bo frowned at the image.
“No.” Argus continued to stand on the side cloud wall and hold the phone near the twirling mist, shaking his bone skull with a stern face at each young angel face.
“Is it a symbol for a five-star novel?” Ithanna smiled.
“Is it a symbol for a five-star Hollywood movie?” Gavreel chuckled with the younger angels.
“There is no such thing as a five-star movie.” Lystra frowned at the symbol.
“Harry Potter,” Gavreel tossed both arms in the air and laughed out loud, nodding his bond skull at the image.
“Gone with the Wind.” Ithanna smiled at the symbol.
“What is your favorite five-star Hollywood human movie film, Dallas?” Jake turned and winked at Dallas while recently learning that the fallen angel had spent many years down on Planet Earth. Xambree continued to stare at the symbol and elbowed Jake, wearing a sour frown. Jake laughed harder and returned back, smiling at her nose profile.
“Bo!” Dallas shook his curls and continued to watch the small human-made television plasma screen without concentrating on the sports game but worrying about the set of gracelings that was in his mature angel care along with the two mature angels Argus and Bo.
“Calm, bro!” Bo smiled at the symbol.
“Ghostbusters.” Tina smiled.
“Star Trek.” Jake tossed both of his arms in the air and laughed out loud. Xambree again elbowed her silly fiancé with annoyance.
“Star Wars.” Angee giggles at the symbol.
“Is it a symbol on a five-star hotel?” Gavreel nodded. “The hidden stone is buried underneath one of the human buildings of a five-star hotel which is represented by the five solid red colored lines or lights. Or maybe, it is used as a city street sign on a human building with two intersected city streets. The thing is the color of black and called a stone, right?”
“Wrong-o!” Bo shook his bone skull and smiled with amusement at the team of gracelings.
Angee nodded. “The symbol represents the five human and angel wits which include common sense, imagination, fantasy, estimation, and memory.”
“You possess very good memory recall, Angee! But that doesn’t help us much here.” Argus smiled.
Bo pointed with a gasp at the cloud wall. “What! Where! When did that word in bright red letters, wizard, appear above the five-pointed symbol?”
Argus nodded with a smile to Gavreel. “Metatron is head of all the messenger angels and holder of all the Angeldom mysteries. So, Gavreel has some mysteries to unfold. You’re up, Gavreel.”
Gavreel stood beside his girlfriend Angee and whipped out his personal mobile telephone, looking down with a smile at the screen. “I prefer to called my nickname of Cruiser.”
“Your given angel name Gavreel means crusher.” Dallas looked up and frowned at the young angel.
He lifted up and wiggled his personal mobile telephone near his smile, turning with a wink to see Dallas. “I prefer the nickname of Cruiser as I cruise the free air waves for information that is reported back to Central.”
“Bo!” Dallas frowned with worry and frustration at the graceling.
“Hush, Dallas!” Bo turned and watcher Gavreel.
Dallas jabbed a finger at each graceling and then his chest, then Bo, and finally Argus with a worried brow. “The angel team is comprised of angel babies, Bo. Me, you, and him should go and do this thing all alone, not risk any of the angel babies, Bo. What’s your take on my new command, Argus?”
Argus turned and sneered at Dallas. “My dad knows what he is doing.”
“… along with the Patron of US Postal Workers. Yeah, right, of course!” He fingered Gavreel with his free hand and wiggled the bottle of beer with his other hand in the air. “My beer’s older than all these angel babies, Bo.”
Bo turned and frowned at Dallas. “Be…beverage! Un-zap that bottle, right now, Dallas!”
Cruiser looked over with confusion and stared at the cold, sweaty bottle inside the cupped hand on Dallas. “What item are you holding, Dallas? Is that one of those human beverages which called a soda from Planet Earth?”
“Nutrition! Hold up your hand, boy! Here it comes!” Dallas lifted up his free hand with laughter and then wiggled his index finger, producing a cold, wet, un-opened bottle of light colored beer from the human kitchen down on the planet inside the cupped hand on Gavreel.
Bo was quick and wiggled his index finger replacing the nasty beer with a tall cold, wet bottle of dark colored sugary soda at Gavreel, swinging the same finger, jabbing it at Dallas with stern face.
Dallas chuckled and returned his two eyeballs back to the football game on the screen.
Lystra turned and nodded at the symbol. “This is clearly the Mark of the Beast that comes from Satan.”
“This is clearly a six-pointed star, which is called a hexagram, Lystra. Anyways, a five-pointed star is called a pentagram with the top point facing downward and is used as a symbol for Satan. This is clearly shown with the top point facing up towards heaven, not hell or Satan's permanent home.” Xambree returned back with a stern face and stared at the symbol.
“Amen!” Angee nodded with a smile.
“Yeah, a death angel would know that right information, isn't that right, Xambree?” Lystra laughed and back stepped from the semi-crooked line of angels, whipping out her angel sword, twirling her weapon away from the other angels. The motion calmed her nerves and allowed her to think about the new problem.
Angee stared at the symbol. “Could the five lines and the city of Birmingham have a common denominator that we are missing here? I have never been …”
Tina clapped with a smile. “Yes! Yes! Yes! Five points is the common factor here, Angee. You're brilliant, angel! Five Points Station is a geographical hot spot which displays five separate city streets within the center of Birmingham down on the Earth plane, where all the humans live and work and play. Am I right, Dallas?”
Dallas looked up with a gasp of shock from the television screen and wiggled his finger. The sweaty beer bottle and the human-made television screen disappeared from his body and returned back down into the human kitchen setting inside the human house on the Earth plane. He slowly stood upright from the cushion and nodded to Tina strutting ahead to the semi-crooked line of angels to begin the angel mission of finding and then saving a single living baby soul. He smiled. "Tina has connected the dots as the humans like to say and also has started the first leg of the angel mission like the angels say."
“The five point image represents the first human geographical location of Five Points Station, where we begin the angel mission on the Earth plane. Good going, my sweet angel!” Bo leaned over and hugged his girl, lightly pecking her smooth cheekbone, pulling back with a smile. She nodded with a grin at Bo in silence.
“Here, we come! Lead us to the first clue, Tina and Bo!” Argus released his hand from the cloud wall and cuddled the mobile telephone into his chest, nodding with a smile to Bo.
Bo and Tina slowly scooted from the line of angels and stopped, standing in the middle of the cloud floor. Bo shuffled Tina in front of his chest, entwining his arms around her, holding both of her hands. Bo nodded to each face."The first step, Tina and I are going to drop down from this cloudy floor and then travel through outer space, landing down in the middle of the sidewalk of Five Points Station. Once you have landed down on top of the hard concrete, you need to slowly stand upright and appear like a visiting human within the town. Then Tina and I will lead the group of disguised angels off the city sidewalk and into a dark alleyway, where we all can decide the second step within the angel mission. Now, the rest of the angels come and surround around the both of us and holds each other hand."
Dallas stopped and stood at the end of the angel line, frowning at Bo. "Really?"
"Really!" Bo smiled.
The rest of the angels slowly scattered around with a smile of excitement of the hunt and surrounded Bo and Tina who stood in the center. Xambree stood in front of Jake wrapping both of his arms around her upright body, holding both of her hands, whispering a string of sweet words into her eardrum.
Gavreel shuffled his girl Angee over the floor, then stopped, and stood a few feet from Jake and Xambree. Angee stood in front of her angel guy holding both of his hands also.
Dallas stopped and stood a few feet from Gavreel. Ithanna stood beside Dallas. Argus was next and Lystra closed up the loose circle formation in silence.
Bo continued to hug Tina and nodded to each angel. "Now everyone hold each other hand or this is not going to work. We need to drop down the same rabbit hole one after another. Else, some angel or a pair of angels will get lost and will not complete their angel mission."
Gavreel extended his arm and wiggled his fingers at Dallas. Dallas turned and growled down at the male hand. "I don't touch a male species of any breed, only a female one. Angee, extend your hand to me, please." He extended his arm and opened his palm. Angee laughed out loud with the other angels and extended her hand to Dallas.
The rest of the angels obeyed the command.
In the middle of the room, Bo closed his eyelids and spoke out loud. "Everyone, close you eyelids. This astral angel trip down to hard soil on Planet Earth is going to be a little rough without our angel wings..."
Gavreel gasped in alarm. "No wings! I don't have my wings. Is this going to harm or hurt my non-angelic body? Now, I'm a human male, not an angel."
"Yeah!" Dallas laughed with an evil tone.
Argus exhaled with worry and nodded with a fake smile to each young angel. "Look! This is nothing but a simple flight without your angels like you had performed during your angel flight class, a long time ago. But we will travel a little further down the outer space waves from High Command. Is every angel ready to begin our angel mission?" Each angel face within the loose circle slowly nodded a bone skull in silence. Argus turned and nodded to Bo.
"Go!" Bo and Tina jumped up into the air and then smashed down through the cloud floor, flying downward through the outer space waves, sailing down to the green and blue colored sphere. They laughed out loud and then tumbled through the trip.
The rest of the angels followed their body movements and broke through the cloud floor, tumbling through the outer space waves, screaming in terror.
A few seconds later...

Planet Earth within the Milky Way Galaxy


Monday, December 9th

City of Birmingham, within the US State of Alabama
56° Fahrenheit air temperatures; 100% sunlight
    0 wind speed; 0 cloud cover; 1% humidity

Pasture field location 
07:07 am


Each heavenly angel landed down on top of the soft grass and the hard soil posing on various appendages. Some of the angels settled on a flat back spine; the others landed on a set of open palms and kneecaps.
Dallas tumbled through the air waves out of control and gasped in horror, dropping down, landing upright on the bottom of his two boot heels. He exhaled with worry and reached up, touching the spot on his heart, nodding with a smile. "It is still here and ticking," he dropped his hand with a smile and scanned the new environment with puzzlement, hearing the loud moans of the other angels.
Gavreel had separated from his girl Angee and rolled to the side over the grass, sitting upright on both of his kneecaps, shaking his bone skull and upper body, moaning in pan. "Ugh!"
Angee slowly stood upright from a doggie pose on top of the grass and picked off each wildflower petals from her hair roots without seeing the new landscape.
Lystra stood upright and then leaned down, brushing the red clay from her pair of white jeans.
Argus swiftly stumbled through the air waves and gasped in shock, landing down flat on his back spine in the soft grass, moaning in pain.
Bo settled down from the quick angel flight on both of his kneecaps and grunted in pain, slowly standing upright, scanning the new landscape with puzzlement also.
Tina landed down on her back spine with a sour frown and slowly stood upright, brushing off the dirt and grass, moving ahead with a smile towards the familiar sight of the hidden root cellar. She stopped and stood in the tall yellow tinted weeds and the stumpy green tinted grass, scanning the open pasture field on the rural country farm. “Why are we here? I thought we were supposed to land on top of the concrete sidewalk at Five Points Station. This is not Five Points Station. This is a farm with miles and miles of farm land. This is a cow pasture without the cows, calves, and horses. Where are the farm animals?"
Ithanna landed in a doggie pose and continued to calm her breathing from the out of control non-angel flight without experiencing a heart attack and dying into nothingness.
"Not here!" Lystra stood upright and frowned at the open pasture with puzzlement.
"Thank goodness!" Bo slowly stood upright and leaned back, cracking his curved spine back into normal formation, standing upright with confusion. He exhaled with annoyance and scanned the unfamiliar open pasture with confusion. "This pasture field looks awfully familiar within my two eyeballs, Dallas."
Tina shook her curls with a frown. "But the field pasture is sorta different also." The landscape was a flat level of grass and pods of new wildflowers without a single farm animal. The outer edge of the pastured displayed a grove of forest that contained numerous wildlife animals which did not want to visit any of the non-angels. She frowned. “What do you feel, Bo? Do you feel emptiness here too?”
Bo nodded with a stern face. "Yes, I do."
Dallas moved ahead with confusion. “This is the same farm land, like when I had arrived down here on Planet Earth, and then when I had left from Planet Earth. Let’s finish this thing and get back home to heaven, Bo!”
“Give us a topographic map of our landing spot, Cruiser.” Argus slowly stood upright and leaned back, cracking his curved spine back into formation, exhaling with annoyance.
Gavreel continued to kneel on the grass and reached down into the pocket, slapping the fabric for his mobile telephone, gasping in terror.
"What's wrong, honey?" Angee turned and frowned down at hair roots on Gavreel.
He continued to slap his clothes and slowly stood upright wi6th worry. "I...I can't find my mobile telephone. The devise is not attached to my body."
Dallas continued to strut ahead and looked down at each blade of grass, but the soil was not familiar. "Each one of us is not a heavenly angel down here on the Earth plane. Michael said that we must use the Earth resources to find and save the single living baby Soul. Your mobile telephone is an angel devise, which is attached to your angel body. You are a human creature down here, without a human mobile telephone. We need to move out and get onto the highway hiking it back to the city limits of Birmingham," he stopped with a frown and looked up studying the sky, extending both of  his arms even with the pasture grass. "Hmm! The daylight hours are pretty warm for the month of December here in Alabama. Usually, the average air temperature in Birmingham, Alabama, in the month of cold, chilly December is about 42 degrees Fahrenheit. However, my body is not an angel in heaven, but my skin and bones are still angel matter. I am feeling a very warm 58 degrees Fahrenheit, which is 16 degrees hotter in Fahrenheit measurement and 38.09 percent higher in heated air. That is very strange!"
Bo laughed. "You are very strange, man!" He cuddled with Tina and scanned the new landscape while pondering the new angel mission as a disguised human Earth teen along with other heavenly angels.
He did not drop his arms but looked down, scanning the new landscape also. "Based on the current air temperature, the rise of the sunlight in the sky, and my intact heavenly knowledge that is still stored inside my head, the air temperature will become a cool 69 degrees Fahrenheit by one o'clock in the afternoon. We should have brought our swimming trunks for the unseasonal heated day in the cold month of December," he chuckled with the younger gracelings. The mature angels frowned at a silly Dallas with annoyance. Dallas chuckled and dropped both of his arms, slowly padding in an easterly direction. "Hmm! I do believe that nasty old Satan has manipulated the weather elements for us to ensure an interesting treasure hunt on Planet Earth. And the warm air temperatures and the beams of bright sunlight are going to affect our temporary human bodies. However, my angel skin as a human teen male senses that the evening air temperatures will drop down to 37 degrees Fahrenheit, which is normal weather for the month of December. In the current solar sun year, here in Bama, the hottest day had been on July 23rd at 101 degrees Fahrenheit. I bet Satan lounged here for all day long, all day long. The coldest day had been January 17th at 33 degrees Fahrenheit. That's cool! For today, the coolest time of the day had been from last night at eleven pm at night until right now at the current time of a few minutes after seven o'clock in the morning.
"Is he going to mumble all long all, like this?" Lystra turned and frowned at Dallas.
"Yes!" Bo laughed with amusement at both the graceling Lystra and annoyant Dallas.
Dallas smiled. "The coldest time was at 6:15 am with 56 degrees Fahrenheit. For today, the warmest time of the day is going to be from 11:15 am to 4:30 pm. The hottest time will be at 2:15 pm at 69 degrees Fahrenheit. The pretty day will absorb half of the heat by 9:30 am and lost the heated beams by 6:15 pm. The city of Tepehan within the country of Turkey which is 6,388 miles away from the city of Birmingham has the same air temperatures readings. And the city of Balyun within the country of China which is 7,998 miles away from Birmingham exhibits the same weather today. The sky is not covered in clouds. There is not one single cloud in the pale blue sky. During the current solar sun year, the cloudiest day had been January, the fifth at 54 percent cloudy overcast conditions. The clearest day had been on October 12th with 67 percent of clear pale blue sky. There is zero percent of rain precipitation; zero percent of snowflakes and zero percent of a mixture of snow and rain. Its looks like a beautiful day, teens! In the current solar sun calendar, here in Birmingham, the rainiest day had been July 9th. The sun rose at 6:39 am. We missed it. The sun will set ten hours and zero minutes later at 4:39 pm. So, we betta be gone and eating our supper meal."
"Angels don't need to eat, drink, or pee Dallas!" Gavreel laughed.
Dallas smiled. "The solar noon is 11:39 am. In the current solar sun calendar, June 21st had been the longest day here with the sun rising at 5:37 am standing for 14 hours and 23 minutes of sunshine. At 8:00 pm, the sun sunk down into the horizon ending a long day, man," he chuckled with the younger gracelings and received a frown from each mature angel. Dallas continued. "The shortest day of the year will happen on December 22nd. the sun will rise at 6:47 am and stand for nine hours and 56 minutes and then fall down into the horizon at 4:43 pm, in the evening.  Humidity is a weather measurement comfort level for a wet human body," he chuckled with the others.
"Humans are so silly. If wet perspiration evaporates from the human skin that cools the body and dries the skin organ, then the human humidity is low. If the opposite is true, then the human humidity is high. Right now, each human humidity dew point is one percent or very low and very dry and very nothing. The wind vector measures both speed and direction of the air breeze at eight feet above the ground soil. The currently wind speed here in Birmingham is zero miles-per-hour. I can win that foot race," he laughed with the younger gracelings.
"Today, the windiest time of the day will be at 2:45 pm with the wind speed of 5.3 miles-per-hour. The calmest time of the day will be at 6:15 am with the wind speed measurement of 3.3 miles-per-hour. In the current solar sun calendar year, the windiest day had been on February 26th with the wind speed of 5.2 miles-per-hour. The calmest day had been on July 28th with a wind speed of 3.1 miles-per-hour. The shortwave ..."
"Enough, Dallas!" Bo frowned at his angel friend.
Dallas lifted his palm and nodded with a smile. "Wait! This human body indicator is really, really important as each one of us is a human teen, right here and right now," he dropped his hand and slapped his leg. "The shortwave radiation solar power measurement, for a human  body, includes visible sunlight and ultraviolet radiation waves that comes from the solar sun, sails through the torn ozone layer, through the clouds, and then hits the ground soils near all the animals, plants, and humans. The peak radiation wave will 0.45 kilowatts at 11:45 am. So, we need to find safe shelter, human teens," he laughed with  younger gracelings. The mature angels frowned at Dallas. Dallas smiled. "In the current shortwave radiation year for humans, the brightest day of short radiation wave had been on June, the fifth with 0.81 kilowatts pop at 11:30 am. The darkest day for a short radiation wave will happen on December 24th at 10:45 am with 0.43 kilowatts. All of this current information has been provided by me. The humans are just going to copy my information," he laughed with a nod along with the other angels.
On top of the grass, Argus slapped his battle vest and pulled out the mobile telephone, holding the item away from his chest. "Come over here and read this map, Cruiser!" Cruiser looked up and moved ahead, standing beside Argus, studying the screen. Bo moved ahead and stood on the opposite side of Argus, studying the tiny screen on the mobile telephone also.
Dallas strutted ahead and then back stepped, spinning around, joining the tight huddle. He stared down backwards at the map and twirled the information around inside his mind.
Gavreel pointed down at the screen with the colorful electronic terrain of the local field pasture on the outskirts of Birmingham. “This topographic map looks like a deformed five-pointed tree leaf with the bush-like tentacles of green hue extending down into the deep blue. These green areas are thick woodlands of ancient trees. The brown scattered semi-squared patches are farmlands. And blue tint blue is…”
“Water! There is lots and lots of water here on this electronic map of the pasture field.” Argus frowned down at the tiny screen.
“Where are we located at, Dallas?” Bo looked up and scanned the flat grass.
"Two miles within the city of Birmingham, the landmass stands at 610 feet elevation above sea level. Within ten miles from Birmingham, the elevation hits 883 feet above sea level. Within 50 miles of Birmingham, the land elevation is 1,781 feet above sea level. No one will drown up there on these mountain peaks. Within two miles of Birmingham, the land surface is covered in one hundred percent of artificial things, including residential homes and businesses. Within ten miles from Birmingham, the land surface is covered in 65 percent artificial items and thirty percent of forest trees. Within 50 miles from Birmingham, the land surface is covered in seventy percent of trees and fifteen percent of cropland." Dallas stopped beside Gavreel frowned down at the tiny screen on the mobile telephone."
 Xambree smiled. "Dallas know his stuff!"
Dallas said. “Based on this electronic map, the upper end of the water is the main stem coming from the Tallapoosa River. A white colored straight and semi-straight line is an automobile highway street. Highway 83 stands over my left collar bone traveling back and forth north towards south, which means we are located on the outskirts of fresh water in Lake Martin. I would say that we are standing precisely one mile in distance from Kowalga Bay…”
“Kowalga Bay! Are you certain that we are located here at Kowalga Bay, Dallas?” Argus looked up and scanned the field, staring in the eastern direction.
“I am absolutootly, positively, one hundred percent certain, Argus. Does this body of water mean something inside your brain cells, bro?” Dallas looked up and stared at Argus.
Bo nodded with a smile. “Lake Martin is a constructed waterway by the humans and used primarily for flood control and to supply hydroelectric power to all the human houses and provide ample recreational activities for the human boaters and fishermen.”
“Fishermen, that figures.” Dallas smirked.
Bo nodded. “However, many human anglers find it difficult to fish within the fresh waters in Lake Martin due to the clarity of the water and the abundance of steep, rocky bluffs that lie towards the east.”
Tina stopped and stood in the tall weeds, spinning around to see Bo. “There is no root cellar or no roots of ancient trees, and no cellar of concrete here like before.”
Bo nodded. “No cows. No crops. No farm homestead. What do you make of this place, Dallas? I always heard that the Five Points Station was haunted by a set of male and female spooky ghosts.”
Dallas laughed with a nod. “The Alabama Ghostbusters Company was called and then came and finally collected all the ghosts, Bo. The only things running around here are a set of free based spirits," he closed his two eyelids and tilted his chin. "I feel one or two nasty spirits …”
"Follow me!" Argus back stepped from the huddle and scooted sideways, leading the team of angels through the short and tall weeds, heading to the roadway. “Stay close! We’re on Planet Earth here for a single angel purpose. No more and no less! We walk and head into the city limits of Birmingham. How far is the hike, Bo?”
“We march or hike or walk five miles.” Bo looked up and moved ahead towards Tina and the road. The rest of the angels formed a semi-crooked line of paired angels or single angels shuffling behind the back spine on Argus.
“The common factor, again, is the math number five.” Xambree strolled with Jake in confusion.
Tina cuddled with Bo and continued to view the gray tinted and empty roadway without an automobile or a farm tractor. “Hopefully, this will be over in five minutes.”
“I do not believe so, sweetie pie!” Bo leaned over and lightly kissed Tina, moving them ahead towards the main roadway.
Argus led toward the main roadway. “Hit the gray tinted pavement, angels! We got five miles of walking.”
Dallas spun around and rushed ahead, pulling up beside Argus with worry, looking back over his collar bone at the team of young gracelings. The team of angels were slowly padding behind the leader in a semi-crooked line. Dallas returned back and stared at the nose profile on Argus. “Argus, I strong suggest that we pair an experienced angel with a couple of babies for their baby protection and keeping their eternal baby life form into current living.” Argus nodded in silence. Dallas continued. “Bo and Tina are cool. I’ll pair them with graceling Ithanna. Xambree has Jake, who is a newbie angel. No one touches a deather never or ever or dead. So, I’ll take Cruiser, since he is a brand new angel also. That means we got two angels left. You got a choice of Lystra or Angee or both, which one do you want?”
“I’ll take smart Angee. You can have …” Argus stopped with a gasp while hearing the musical song that bombarded the air waves and his pair of eardrums.
Dallas stopped with the row of angels and scanned the landscape also while hearing the same musical tune in the air waves too.
The musical song was entitled Ride like the Wind with the lyrics by musical artist Christopher Cross in 1970. 
“It is the night, my body’s weak. I’m on the run, no time for sleep. I’ve got to ride, ride like the wind. To be free again …”
A heavy gust of breeze appeared and ruffled the hair roots on each angel.
Argus looked up and scanned the flat pasture, viewing the mammal with a smile, “I see a horse. No! That's a spirit horse.”
The horse was a Pinto breed and painted in dark brown hue with individual line of jagged white tinted markings on the belly of the stead spreading upward into the neck, down onto the long tail, over each leg, and down the back spine. The dark brown color also displayed individual tiny-shaped to medium-sized round-shaped white tinted spots. The face on the horse was solid white hue with the image in dark brown colors of a bear paw in the middle of the animal’s belly.
Argus smiled and pointed at the horse. “This is an overo Pinto.”
“Is that like a riding horse that someone released from the farm pasture?” Dallas frowned at the prancing horse with puzzlement.
“No, Dallas! There are two types of Pinto horse breeds which appears in tobiano or overo. This is an overo Pinto.”
“So, what of the overly horse, Argus? Let’s finish this angel thing and get back home to heaven.” Dallas nodded.
“This is our first clue. The horse is described by the Native American Indians as a Skewbald and stands about fifteen hands high. Each hand is four inches making the animal about sixty inches in height.” Argus smiled at the prancing horse.
“So, what of the overly horse, again, Argus.” Dallas strutted ahead with a sour frown and moved ahead towards the gray tinted human roadway without a single human automobile or human farm tractor which was really weird.
Argus continued to stand and smile at the prancing horse, “In the American West, within the United States, a Pinto horse breed is regarded as the favored riding stead of the American Native Indian brave for any and all war battles, since the horse colors provided a natural camouflage among the groves of trees and plains of grass. That is a war horse.”
“O! It is a war horse. Okay! Fine! Move ahead, Argus! There is one horse and ten of us. You go and ride or rid of the thing, since I don’t ride a horse, of course. Go and lead us, leader!” Dallas continued to strut ahead with a sour frown, staring at the highway.
Cruiser moved ahead with a smile and stood a few feet away from the back spine on Argus, fingering the prancing horse. “Argus is correct, Dallas. The numerous Native American tribes held certain types of horses in high regards as a spirit or a medicine horse which was designated by their un-natural and unusual body markings. Do you the imprint of the bear claw shape on its belly, Argus?”
Argus nodded with a whisper. “Yes. I do.” The horse continued to prance side to side slowly moving directly towards Argus and then stopped in front of the angel. He reached up with a smile and gently stroked on the silky, dark brown horse forehead. “A true spirit horse possessed a set blue eyes which is called heaven eyes. Did you know that, Dallas?”
Dallas exhaled with annoyance and stopped, spinning around, frowning at Bo in silence. Bo smiled and pointed at Argus who was the leader of the angels. Tina smiled at the horse and giggled at Dallas.
Behind the back spine on Argus, Cruiser dropped his hand smiled at the horse. “The horse breed is rich in both lore and mythology being associated with both burial rites and newborn births, riding in and out of the world as an individual rides on the strong back of the steed. A horse in many cultures throughout the globe represents wisdom, power, stamina, endurance, faithfulness, and freedom. The Norse god Odin rode upon an eight-legged steed. In the Hindu tradition, the chariot of Surya, the sun god, is pulled by eight stallions like the Greek god Apollo of Ancient Greek lore. In spiritual sojourns, Mohammed rode a horse from Mecca to Jerusalem and then sat upon the stead while rising into heaven. Do you see how the horse was prancing side to side? That represents ambition.”
Dallas laughed. “A boy horse is called a stallion and that means sexuality.”
Argus nodded and patted the horse on the forelocks, “This breed is a female horse which represents both compassion and strength for the horse and her rider.”
“Whatever!” Dallas tossed both of his palms in the air with a sour frown and looked back over his collar bone staring at the empty highway with annoyance. At this pace, the team of angels will finally arrive inside the city limits of Birmingham at sunset. He returned back and exhaled with annoyance at the lousy team leader.
“A spirit horse would bring good fortune to the American Native Indian tribe as long as they kept the animal in their possession.” Gavreel nodded and stared at the horse but did not attempt to touch the animal. “Horse stealing among the warrior clan was considered an honored and highly practiced profession, since the Pinto horse breed was highly prized by each American Native Indian. If the warrior got away with the valued horse, then he earned the respect of both his tribe members and the enemy tribe members from whom the horse had been stolen. Of course, then the former owner of the horse would try to steal and regain back his stolen property,” he laughed with the other angels.
“That's great news, Cruiser. Now, everyone, but Argus, march straight ahead and move ahead towards the empty highway.” Dallas thumbed back over his collar bone and nodded in silence to each angel smile that stared at the horse.
“If you find a used and grounded horse shoe, then the horse shoe become a universal emblem of good luck.” Ithanna smiled at the horse.
“In the country of ancient and old Germany, a black tinted horse is the harbinger of death.” Dallas laughed.
“The horse Pinto is painted with dark brown colors. There ain't no black mark on the animal. Why are you so pessimistic all the time, Dallas?” Bo frowned at the back spine on his friend.
“If a horse shows up in your life, then you will experience travel and freedom infusing your physical body with energy and endurance. This animal guide also has the ability to transport you to even higher levels of awareness.” Argus continued to smile and pat the horse.
“Geez! Cool it with the human or spirit or animal premonitions, Argus!” Dallas chuckled.
The Pinto horse jerked back from Argus and then reared upright on its two back legs in the air and pawed both of her front hoofs while striking the air waves, braying loudly. She shook her dark brown mane back and forth in the air current and stared down at Argus like she was sending the telepathic message to the angel.
Argus gasped in shock and back stepped from the rearing stead, looking up, staring into her one dancing blue tined eyeball. “She is communicating with me. She is trying to alert us to danger…”
“Then the female horse should use a human-made mobile telephone, so the group of dumb angels can understand her horsey words, since we are all on a limited angel reserve power and can’t communicate with any Earth beasties.” Dallas laughed.
The Pinto continued to stand upright on its two rear legs and pawed the air currents and then completely vanished within the air waves without leaving a trace of dust. Each angel gasped in shock.
A sound of loud flapping wings bombarded the air waves from the north. Each angel stood still and as each pair of eyeballs looked up and viewed a flock flying and squawking black tinted birds that was steering towards the semi-crooked line of angels.
Tina stood beside Bo and nodded with a smile at the flock of birds. “Well, we know now. The Pinto is safe as she had been trying to the alerting danger.”
Dallas smiled. “Do you hear something, bro?”
Bo looked down and frowned at Dallas. “Stop behaving like a jack-hole, Dallas!”
Dallas winked at Bo. “A jack ass is a baby from two adult donkeys. Do you not know your Earth animal history books, Bo?”
“Only when properly referenced in zoology, jack-hole.” Lystra sneered at Dallas.
“Come again at me, doll!” Dallas turned and sneered at Lystra.
Lystra stood in the rear of the semi-crooked line of angels and whipped out her angel sword, lifting it near her sneer, staring at Dallas, “I am Lystra and a warrior princess with a great big knife, fallen one.” She dropped the weapon and twirled the sword in her fighting hand as the silver metal gleamed in the sunshine.
Dallas wiggled both of his hands and then materialized using his limited angel reserve pack a pick axe with numerous sharp pointy pikes in his free hand, swirling the weapon around the air waves. He laughed at the graceling. “Do you really call that a weapon? Now, this is a weapon, darling!”
“Hush, Dallas!” Bo frowned.
“She starts it. I ends it.” Dallas chuckled with humor. The line angels continued to stand in place. Some viewed the flying flock birds and the other smiled at Dallas.
“I have heard of you, Fallen One.” Lystra continued to twirl her sword in the bright sunrays.
Dallas ignored the baby angel and stopped twirling the weapon, sending the item back into the human house on the Earth plane, nodding to Bo. “I’m being quite stern and staunch, right here, right now. But I do hear something, Bo.”
Tina pointed into the skyline with a smile. “I heard it too, Dallas. The sound is a flock of flying and squawking black birds looking for their morning breakfast of grass seedlings.”
Bo looked up and frowned at the flock of birds that flew over his hair roots. “There are lots of flying birds.”
The flock of black birds slowly steered over the line of angels down inside the field pasture, when a single bird detached from the flock and encircles over the line of angels, diving down towards the grass, flying upright in the air. Then the bird landed down on a pair of webbed feet and quickly morphed into a four-year-old Earth child. The child wore a black tinted short dress, a head of long black tinted hair, a tone of black tinted skin, and a pair of midnight black eyeballs staring at each angel.
The child performed a nice girly curtsey and then stood upright, staring at Argus, speaking with a smoky demonic voice. “Greeting! I am a messenger, who has been sent here by Satan.”
Dallas laughed at the child. “You need to lay off on the cigarettes, doll! They're bad for your voice box.”
“I am here to say: be ye warned of thy impending deluge,” the stationary black tinted crow/black colored small child burst into an array of colorful yellow, red, and blue fiery flames and then burned into a pile of gray tinted ashes as the floating remnants drifted away in wind breeze.
“Like I needed to be warned of something dangerous! Who is this princess, Argus?” Dallas turned and frowned at Argus.
From the mobile telephone speaker, a new musical song blasted into the air waves.
“Like the devil and the deep blue sea. Take me to the other side. Forget about your foolish pride. Take me to the other side. Oh, take me to the other side …”
The musical song was entitled Take Me to the Other Side which was recorded by the musical group Aerosmith in the 1980.
Argus reached over and pulled the phone from his battle vest, staring down at the screen, hearing the musical, when a big rain drop landed down on his hair roots. He looked up and gasped at the changing skyline hearing the loud thunder roars, seeing multiple yellow tinted bolts of bright light dance across the black and purple tinted sky which hovered directly over the line of angels.
“Is it hurricane season here in Alabama?” Angee looked up and scanned the changing skyline. The bright happy warm sun rays were slowly being covered up with rolls of nasty black and purple rain clouds that created colder air and colder temperatures. Then the clouds collided and opened releasing sheets of rain drops, drowning the land and the angels.
“Take me to the other side!” Argus looked down with a stern face and held the singing telephone, studying the eastern direction instead of the northern main highway. He knew that the geographical spot of Kowalga Bay was located at Nicholas Cove which across the fresh water river, but this field pasture did not exhibit a pond of fresh water or a dock of sailing boats. He looked down and stared at the lighted screen on the singing telephone, “I do believe that this mobile telephone is telling us which direction to path. We go to the eastern horizon, team,” he turned and jogged in a faster pace through the rain towards more open pasture lands.
Dallas continued to stand and frowned at Argus. "I do believe I wanna know. Where did you dad get that singing mobile telephone, Argus?"
Bo continued to stand and looked up at the nasty storm clouds, getting his face wet from the gathering raindrops. “This lovely field spot is located within land-locked US State of Alabama, not the watery peninsular of US State Florida.”
“Is this the flood season here in Alabama, Bo?” Lystra looked down and stepped around each mud puddle.
The line of individual angels swiftly tromped through each water puddles and then slid inside each mud, moving away from the open highway.
“Someone, please, heard my plea and screaming words upstairs and stop this terrible weather down here below heaven!” Gavreel laughed out and looked up, getting his face wet from the sheets of rain drops, stomping through another water puddle. He did not cuddle or hold the hand of his girl Angee as they would both collide or fall down from the sliding mud.
Jake stomped through another water puddle a few feet from Xambree and sung in harmony with a smile. “Rain, rain, go away. Come again, another day.” The weather continued to plummet down from the cloudy atmosphere and landed down on each wet bone skull. “Sorry, guy and gals angels! I did try.”
“Thanks, Jake!” Bo stomped through the rain puddles.
Jake smiled. “That song was a childhood favorite of mine during a thunderstorm inside my warm bed mattress, which I miss so much right now.”
Ithanna slid to the side and then caught her balance, slowly moving through the rain storm, “A flood is one of the most common hazards here within the USA for the entire human race. However, not all floods are alike. Some floods develop slowly while others move rapidly through a certain area of the country.”
Xambree scooted around each mud puddle. “This is labeled as a flash flood which is caused by heavy sheets of constant raindrops falling down and drowning my hair in a short amount of time.”
Angee moved ahead alone and chuckled. "April showers bring May flowers!"
Tina stopped and stood in place, slowly twirling around in a completed circle, staring at the changing landscape. “We are moving closer to a river. Does everyone see that?" 
"Yes, you are correct, Tina!" Argus pointed ahead with a smile in the rain. "I am listening and following the directions from the mobile telephone."
Dallas frowned. "Who give Michael that mobile telephone, Argus?"
Tina continued to stand and pointed at the river. "Do you see how the rain showers are pushing the lake water over the river banks and flooding the dry earth dirt? This ain’t good for us, angels.”
Dallas continued to strut in the rain and viewed the same image with a smile. “Do something, Argus?”
“Do something, Argus!” Argus smiled and viewed the same picture.
The blinding sheets of heavy rain drops continued to pound down on each side of the concrete transport bridge that connected the main roadway creating a downward waterfall from the bridge platform. Below the waterfall, thick pockets of water formed into numerous separate small ground puddles which broke through the solid clay dirt and tall green tinted weeds creating a small stream of water drowning the landscape. The constant flowing water gathered and then drove a thick stream of powerful water towards the small creek in-between the farmland and roadside as the teens continued to move away from the expressway.
Dallas stopped with a gasp and viewed the wet land, spinning around to face the western horizon, seeing rays of sunlight. He pointed in the opposite direction and shouted out loud. “Hey! Let’s go west, young angels! The landscape is dry and pretty and without all the nasty rain, loud thunder booms, and the strikes of bright lightning bolts that make my eyeballs dizzy.”
Bo continued to stomp ahead with a sour frown. “The highway runs north to south. The western side of the land does not possess a single dirt or a paved automobile highway or a farm tractor road, Dallas. We’re supposed to use all the material earthly possessions, like an automobile for traveling into the city of Birmingham.”
“O! You're a really smart-hole angel, Bo.” Dallas spun around with sour frown and moved ahead through the rain.
“The ground is really saturated with rain water. I’m sailing over the water and mud puddles more than walking.” Lystra frowned.
As the strong steam of water coming from the twin waterfalls fell off the high concrete bridge and then collided down into the small creek, the smooth surface rippled with up and down and then back and forth wave patterns following an orbital path directly towards Kowalga Bay in a northeastern direction.
Gavreel stomped his boot toe down into the rippling creek water crossing the water to get to the other side of more wet and flat pasture land. His weight wobbled and then shifted forward. He lost his balance and then dropped down on his face into the creek stream generating more ripples over the water surface. His grounded body steered ahead like a ship further down the creek stream and as he yelled for help and rolled side to side inside the massive waves.
“Cruiser!” Angee shouted out loud with worry and raced into the creek steam, falling down also, bobbing up and down with the rolling creek stream waves. Her body was steering ahead in the same direction as her guy Gavreel.
The other panicked angels rushed ahead and entered the same creek steam, drowning their individual body down into the deep water, slowly steering ahead with the force of the waves.
As more circular wave patterns produced more rippling effects echoing on the surface of the water surface, it propagated each angel towards Kowalga Bay.
“Daddy!” Xambree bobbed her face up and down among the rough fresh water waves and shouted out loud for help to her angel dad, who was watching from heaven. But he did not appear on the Earth plane.
In the science of fluid dynamics, a wind-generated wave is a surface wave that occurs on the free surface of oceans, seas, lakes, rivers, and even on a tiny water puddles and small fresh water fishing ponds resulting from the wind blowing over a vast enough stretch of fluid surface. The wind waves from the small ripples grow to four feet in height as more raindrops fall down from the clouds and cover the paved roadway and collect down into the creek water.
If the wave ripple appears on top of the smooth creek stream when the wind blows, the wave ripple will die quickly, if the wind stops.
However, the wave rippled on the tiny creek steam with the fierce storm winds continued to grow exponentially in both strength and speed with more restored force that allowed each water wave to propagate due to Earth’s gravity and move the water down the course of the creek away from the highway. Then the rough wave ripples created a set of larger waves forming into an individual rouge wave.
As the newly formed gigantic rough wave traveled through the shallow creek with the rows of drowning angels and then swiftly flowed in a northeastern direction, the excess fresh water ended up dumping down into the blue colored fresh water bay. But the shape of the rough wave quickly altered from a small two feet in high into a monster wave of thirteen feet in high speeding forward at four miles per hour, covering the length of each creek bank. The wave crest realigned and then landed down on top of each skull of wet hair roots on every angel.
Each angel continued to dip and then dunk up, down, sideways, and around the rough waves as each face gasped for breathes of fresh air molecules and then screamed in fear while swiftly steering down the course within the overflowing creek stream. The breaking wave could no longer support the top, causing the wave to collapse over each angel. The exceed fresh water ran towards each creek bank and then drowned each angel underneath the water, twirling each body down towards the bottom.
Ithanna hit the muddy bottom inside the creek and pushed upward off her booted feet from the wet mud, breaking the water surface. Another rough wave hit her face and knocked her body backwards, dragging Ithanna back down into deeper water.
Argus paddled over the water surface and saw the water collision with Ithanna, diving down into the deep, extending his arm and grabbed Ithanna. They surfaced and breathed in air molecules, riding the new rough wave down the creek, viewing the new danger, an intersection of jagged gray tinted limestone boulders.
Each angel broke the water surface and viewed the new threat, leaping up from the water, sailing through the rain drops using a touch of their angel reserve pack and then splashed down into the colder fresh water in Kowalga Bay. Then another monster wave traveled ahead then hit and propelled the team of angels towards the sandy coastline, dumping each angel on top of the wet dirt. Then the wave retrieved back into the bay waters as the storm clouds vanished and the rays of bright sunlight bombarded the landscape.
Each angel slowly stood upright with a wet body and as each pair of eyeballs viewed a three-story building in light blue concrete on white tinted columns.
Lake Martin location
Nicholas Cove setting
08:08 am

73° Fahrenheit air temperatures; 100% sunlight
    0 wind speed; 0 cloud cover; 1% humidity


On top of a beach comprised of part red clay, part white sand, and part black silt, a wooden pole stood down in the loamy beach grains which read in bright red colored letter: Welcome to Nicholas Cove!
“Nicholas Cove!” Argus slowly stood upright in the shallow river water and strolled ahead, climbing over the beach grains, shaking all the water drops from his wet blonde hair colored hair roots down to his two booted feet, staring at the sign in shock.
Each angel slowly strolled from the river water and moved over the beach, flinging off their individual water droplets also, surrounding their new environment with puzzlement.
Tina moved ahead and stood beside Bo, flinging more water off her clothes and body. “At least, we’re clean and white, instead of red and muddy.”
Dallas stood in place dripping in river water and quickly surrounded the new landscape in silence, veering to the side beach, staring at the beautiful female and then stopped. He greeted with a smile. “Hello there, doll!” The female in the tiny red tinted bikini sat upright on her two elbows on top of a yellow tinted patio lounge chair near the enclosed concrete swimming pool with a smile, posing further upright, bending at her tiny waistline. She removed her pair of black-framed sunglasses and smiled back at Dallas.
“Dallas!” Bo continued to cuddle Tina and gasped in shock, shouting out loud at his friend while staring at the pretty human girl.
On top of the rear elevated white tinted concrete balcony at the three-story pale blue concrete-coated river house, the solid glass door opened and revealed a tall dark haired male with a full beard of reddish-black hue wearing a black tinted tee shirt, a pair of dark blue swimming trunks, and a pair of naked feet. Drake surveyed the group of swimmers and then gasped in shock, stepping over the balcony floor, waving at his old friend. “Argus!” He stomped down the wooden steps and stopped on top of the swimming pool patio floor close to Dallas and the female, staring at Argus.
Drake measured six feet and six inches in height, a tone of tawny tinted skin, a head of shoulder length curly black colored hair with a full beard over his heart-shaped jaw line with an aristocratic nose and a set of high chiseled cheekbones, and a pair of almond-shaped brown eye sockets.
Argus moved ahead with a smile and continued to fling off each annoying water droplet from his wet tallness, extending his hand to his friend, slapping the bicep on Drake with happiness.
"Hey there, Mella!” Argus turned and grinned at the female.
Mella turned away from Dallas and smiled with a hand wave to Argus. Dallas gasped in shock and turned to stare at Argus with puzzlement, observing the human-angel exchange. He crossed his biceps and watched with intrigue.
Argus released the handshake and nodded. “Drake, how are you doing, buddy?”
Drake nodded with laughter and stared at the group of wet swimmers. “Well, I will say that I am better than you, man. Did you bring a set of friends or enemies to my social party today?" He laughed with Argus.
Argus looked back over his collar bone and smiled at the group of wet stationary angels, returning back with a nod to Drake. "I think all of them might be a set of friendlies to humans, anyways," he chuckled with Drake.
Drake thumbed back over his collar bone and motioned to the group of angels, "Are all of you hunger? I got warm food and cool beverages. Please, everyone, come on in and make yourself at home with me and Mella.” He spun around and led Argus and the group into the house.
The interior four walls on the first floor was painted in warm peach hue with a cozy tan and peach colored living room pieces consisting of two solid tan colored sofas, seven solid colored sitting chairs, and three dolphin-patterned loveseats, and two solid tan colored recliners.
Each angel entered the new environment and exhibited their nice angel manners, standing around the furniture pieces dripping off water droplets without getting the furniture wet.
Drake and Mella left their guests and attacked each wardrobe closet and every bedroom chest of drawers, finding a pile of warm and dry clothing for each male and female angel, returning back with the gifts. Each male angel changed their wet clothes inside the game room with a billiards table. Each female angel changed out of their wet garment inside the library room with walls of books.
The both of the groups emerged back into the living room setting with sounds of chuckles and giggles wearing their new human clothing, feeling better. Each one selected a furniture seat and lightly chatted about the massive thunderstorm and the rough wave to each other.
Mella was a gracious hostess and continued to wear her bikini, serving a tray of cold and hot beverages with light refreshment to each angel, smiling at her new company.
Drake and Argus entered a black and red colored kitchen space and prepared a tray of cold sandwiches and potato chips for the hungry angels. Usually, an angel did not need a plate of food or a beverage of liquid or a bed of sleep. But, the newly formed team of heavenly angels was not in their angel form, but a human in disguise and thus each one required food for energy like a human to complete their angel mission down here on the Earth plane.
Inside the kitchen setting, at the flat kitchen counter, looking out over the front lawn of sandy brown colored dirt, tan colored rock boulders, and a line of tall shade trees, Argus used the kitchen knife and cut up the meat, staring down at his work without cutting off one of his finger pads. “How are feeling, Drake?”
Drake stood a few feet from Argus and slowly sorted the different types of bread on top of the tray, exhaling with disappointment even with his group of new visitors. “I...I am hanging in there.”
“You seem …”
“... depressed, unhappy to the point of miserable. Yeah! Your angel powers work very well, Argus.” Drake finally lined all the bread in a pile for the hungry band of angels that were sitting inside his living room for some strange reason. He slid the tray over to Argus.
Argus accepted the bread tray and used his human skills, flopping any type of meat inside each sliced bread parts for his team of hunger angels. The group of angels were not picky about food, only getting food into their mouth and down their growling stomach, in order, to complete the assigned angel mission. He continued his work and stared down at each sandwich without viewing his friend. “It’s just an observation, Drake.”
He reached for the damp cloth and slowly cleaned off the kitchen counter without looking at Argus, exhaling with depression. “Yeah, I am the lucky guy here on the world as a teen billionaire having Mella at my side and a set of friends on my side, if I need them.”
“You don’t seem to be spent much time with your two high school friends Josh and Ash anymore.” Argus continued to fold the meat in-between the sliced bread pieces.
“Yeah, well, that happens when you quit going to high school classes,” he laughed and then frowned, still using the damp cloth to clean the already clean and shiny parts of top of the kitchen counter.
Argus exhaled with worry and hated to hear the sad words coming from the soul of his human friend. "Do you socialize with Josh and Ash?"
"At first, I did. But I split my vast wealth into three parts giving to my devoted housekeeper Myra and my two devoted childhood buddies almost all of the money. And then I split the business in half, so Josh and Ash could run the business for the rest of their human lives. I don't care about material possessions ..."
"... including a good working facial shaver ..."
Drake laughed and touched his new beard, frowning down at the clean counter, instead of viewing his angel friend Argus. “And do not lecture me, Argus! I’m eighteen years old and of legal age here in the US State of Alabama. I can become my own man or parent or person. The high school football season ended last year and I did not bother with applying to the Professional Football League. Do you remember? I defiantly and definitely remember. I'm that rich kid that needs no work nor needs any type of formal or informal post-high school college education. I inherited everything else from…" he exhaled with sadness for both of his parents. "It is all mine now. But…”
“...you feel lost...” Argus finished creating the sandwiches and arranged a tall pile of food on four separate trays for the army of hunger angels.
Drake continued to shuffle the damp cloth over the counter, “I feel obligated and committed and trapped and tied …”
“...to Mella...” He finished the sandwich arrangement on top of the four trays and reached over, grabbing a bag of potato chips, spreading the food item over the sandwiches. His team of angels would eat every single salty potato chip with the thick sandwich. “Do you love her?”
Drake exhaled with confusion, “I care for her.”
“That answer clearly is no, Drake.” He opened a second bag of potato chips and spread over the cheesy items over each sandwich. “Then go and toss her body onto an airplane going to anyway city and give her that separate life from you. Then, maybe, your body and your mind will heal faster.”
Drake stopped cleaning the counter and frowned down at the damp cloth, shaking his bone skull. “I can’t do that. Mella, she is like a tall and sexy baby female, without her biological mother. She doesn’t understand how this evil and vile and greed material world functions, even a highly paid human adult babysitter will take advantage of her body, her mind, and her soul. I can’t let that happen to Mella. I…I’m the responsible party or male or man for bringing her back into this evil, vile and cruel world and then re-bringing her back into the same evil, vile and cruel world. you know all of this too. Mella did everything for me but …”
“...you still feel loss ...” Argus grabbed the last bag of onion-favored potato chips and slowly spread over the last tray with a tall pile of sandwiches while experiencing more human emotions than normal in his new human format, instead of a heavenly angel.
Drake continued to stare down at the clean counter and exhaled with depression. “I feel unhappy. I can’t stop my mental thoughts from dwelling on the fact that my biological dad had been one of Satan’s generals, where my mind still cannot comprehend the evil and good thing. Then my dad came home and tried to kill me, his only son. My true human biological mother is living in heaven and can’t be reached ever. Then Mella came here and came back here. Now, Mella is back in my life which honestly only reminds me of my missing, hateful demon dad and my lovely sweet human biological mother. So I am trapped and enclosed and sealed within my own mind with my own silence thoughts that mentally control my human actions or reactions.”
Argus finished the food preparations for the small army of hunger angels and lifted up two of the heavy trays of sandwiches and potato chips in both of hand palms, turning to see the nose profile on his sad human friend, exhaling with worry.
However, Argus needed assistance here on the Earth plane first to complete his angel mission. Then Argus would return back to the Earth plane and work with his friend Drake and his human emotions like he had done over the past few months. “Drake, I’m here too on the Earth plane, because I need some human help. I need some human assistant to help fight against evil and vile Satan.”
Drake gasped in alarm and turned to face Argus, slamming a fist on top of the counter, nodding with a wicked smile. “If Satan is involved in any and all dirty deeds here on the planet that affects any or all humans, then I'm your human guy or guide or gopher, Argus. Yeah, I can assist you and your band of heavenly angels with any and all human needs, man. This is heavenly fate that you have washed up onto my private river bank here at Nicholas Cove,” he reached over and grabbed the two other food trays, laughing with an evil tone, slowly spinning around with a new devilish attitude. He led Argus back into the living room setting holding the two food trays, continuing to laugh with an evil tone.
Argus hung back at the kitchen counter and continued to hold a heavy food tray in each one of his open palms, staring with worry at the back spine on Drake, whispering for his eardrums only. “Is this a true heavenly fate that we all landed here at Nicolas Cove from the rough wave? Is it a true destiny that Drake is here and wants to assist the band of angels to complete their angel mission? I am grateful for Drake; but I am worried also for the entire team of angels that is under my command. Someone is guiding us around this planet. I do not who it is, but I will figure it out. When I find out, secret person, I will cut your bone skull from your neck muscles with my angel sword. That is a promise.” He slowly moved ahead with a fake smile and shouted out loud to the team of angels. "I have two more food trays here. Everyone, hurry up and eat and get merry! We need to plan our next step and leave out from here and finish our job," Argus entered the living setting and then stopped, squatting down in front of one of three low tables, placing the foot trays over the hard surface. The other angels without food attacked the trays and ate in silence, including Argus.
On the side wall, inside one of the three loveseats alone, Dallas continued to sit and shifted his eyeballs downward. Mella leaned over his lap and extended the tray with the single beverage. His nose tip leaned into the middle of her big breasts and as Dallas stood upright with a grunt and collided into a folded Mella, snatching the food tray and her at the same time, standing both of them upright in the air. He cuddled her with a chuckle and then sat back down with her at his side, “Come and have a seat beside with me, doll! I’ll take the empty tray from your delicate hands,” The empty beverage tray magically disappears from his fingers and as he chuckled with delight. Mella gasped in alarm and viewed his empty palm.
On the long wall behind a row of glass windows, on top of the long sofa, Bo and Tina cuddled together, feeding each other with fun. Bo felt the air waves ripple and turned with a gasp, seeing Dallas and Mella. He shouted out loud with worry at Dallas. “Do you remember that we are existing down here on the Earth plane only on our limited set of angel reserve pack, Dallas?”
Dallas ignored a bossy Bo and continued to cuddle Mella into his chest with a loud grunt, feeling her soft girly human skin and generous girly human assets on his human body. Her boyfriend Drake ignored his girlfriend and sat in a chair alone on the opposite side wall while eating one of the prepared sandwiches and a handful of potato chips. And the rest of the angels continued to consume every bit of food item in silence.
At the low table, Argus had finished consuming the good food while feeling his human energy return. He stood upright and stretched his new human muscles, sliding backwards over the smooth tile floor in tan hue with a smile and then stopped, sitting on the floor beside Drake, whispering the newly assigned angel mission and the sequence of previous Earth events that led the angel team to Nicolas Cove.
Drake continued to eat and nodded down at the floor, listening to the set of prior events, swallowing the last lump of food and wiped his dirty mouth with the back of his hand. He shook his bone skull. “The five points image sounds like a piece of simple art work that resemble an outer space constellation to me, but this image does not have a direct or indirect human meaning to me either. But you and your team of angels had determined the symbol was related to the Earth location of Five Points Station there in the city of Birmingham. After you jumped from the heavenly plane, you landed in an empty field without cows or horses near Elmo Fleming’s farm. Then a nasty thunderstorm came along and washed your buttholes with a rough wave down the creek stream into the river water and deposited you here at my river bank. Well, you are here for a reason and a purpose. But it beats me blindfolded the reason or purpose here. I’m clueless too, Argus. But I am highly skeptical of your rare and usual coincidence of meeting you and your team of angels here at my lake home.” He looked up and stared at Mella, shouting out loud to her across the room. “Mella, do you want to volunteer any ideas for our new group of friends and their visiting day with us?”
Argus looked up and viewed Mella and Dallas, who shared a loveseat. He softly chuckled and did not reprimand the angel for flirting with Drake's girlfriend.
On top of the shared loveseat, Dallas continued to hold her hand and touched her delicate pale skin with confusion. “I saw you outstretched on the lounge chair in the bright sun rays. However, you are not suntanned into a warm golden or dark skin tone. You don’t seem able to tan your pale skin.”
Mella looked down at her hand in the palm on Dallas, itching her arm with the free hand. She still wore the tiny string bikini around her tall sexy body with her pair of lush breasts leaking out over each tiny bikini pads and her pair of long pale legs diving down into the soft fabric beside Dallas. She shook her long black tinted hair, “No. I keep trying, but I don’t seem to suntan or sunburn. I stay this same pasty white, even if I try to suntan inside with one of the newer innovations which is called a tanning salon, which is located around the shopping center.”
“Hmm! I find that curious.” He slowly moved his tender finger pads over her naked forearm feeling the softness of her human skin and the hotness of his pleasure.
On the opposite side of the room, Argus turned and surveyed his angel team, assessing their human condition.
The happy angel pair, Angee and Gavreel shared one of the loveseats and finished their individual lunch meal, whispering a string of sweet words to each other. They ignored their leader Argus and the other angels.
Ithanna sat alone inside one of the chairs and continued to eat, examining the human food, tasting each item and nodded with a smile in happiness.
Lystra had finished her food also and stood in front of the entrance wall beside a row of sitting chair, finding a long and sharp butcher knife from the human kitchen, twirling it around her fingers without an approval from her leader Argus.
Argus growled at the disobedient and misbehaving graceling. He would assign Dallas to ride her butthole for the rest of the angel mission, keeping the young angel out of trouble.
Once a fallen angel and now a faithful angel, Dallas was a snot-hole all the time, since the beginning of his and Argus' introduction. But since his heavenly return back into the heaven, Dallas had become a model warrior angel with his set of nasty warrior skills that was needed to keep all the young and careless and inexperienced gracelings in line. That was the reason for Dallas to accommodate the angel team with the permission of the higher level archways to complete this vitally important angel mission without failure.
Argus turned and smiled at his childhood heavenly friend.
On the long wall, in front of the row of glass windows that displayed the ugly front lawn of dark brown tinted dirt and bright rays of sunlight, the happy angel pair of Bo and Tina shared one of the loveseats finishing the lunch meal while whispering a set of sweet words to each other, ignoring the soft commotion inside the living room setting also.
Xambree and Jake was relaxed and entwined their two long bodies inside one of the large tan colored recliners with the matching foot stool upright, lightly chatting and whispering with a string of sweet words to each other. They were ignoring the soft commotion in the room also.
Argus chuckled at the happy angel pair and returned back, staring at Mella and Dallas, who shared the loveseat. He tilted his skull to the left and then to the right, slowly standing upright, advancing to Mella and then stopped in front of the loveseat, extending a hand to her.
Dallas looked up with a sneer and stared at Argus with surprise.
Mella looked up and stared at Argus with confusion, and then turned to see her boyfriend Drake. Drake continued to sit in the chair and nodded in silence with a smile back to his girlfriend. She returned back with a smile and looked up, placing her hand inside his open palm. She slowly stood upright in front of Argus and then released her hand.
Argus did not touch her physical body but lifted both of his hands, cupping his ten fingers like an imaginary angel halo over her black tinted hair roots, parting both of his hands. He slowly slid each palm parallel against her two earlobes, two cheekbones, her outer jaw line, her naked throat, and finally halted both of his hand right above each one of her collar bones.
Mella smiled with a giggle at the silly motion with Argus and then gasped in alarm, swallowing down a gulp of her bitter bile down her tight esophagus, folding down at her tiny waistline. She grabbed her stomach muscles in pain.
Drake stood upright from the cushion with concern. Argus spun around and lifted his palm with caution to his human friend for silence. Drake continued to stand and watched Mella in silence.
Mella violently coughed out loud and then wheezed with flying nose snot and parted lips of wet mouth spit down on the tile floor, repeating the nasty medical condition. She dropped down and landed hard on both of her naked kneecaps on the tile floor and as her folded body continued to shiver with coldness. Then her body brightly shined in yellow hue light and then exploded a pair of red colored wings that measured 18 feet in height from her back spine. Mella fell down on her face and exhaled with relief softly wheezing without coughing, slowly standing upright from the tile floor and drooling a string of wet mouth salvia from her parted red tinted lips. She giggled with strength and happiness, wiping off the drool, smiling at Drake.
Drake continued to stand without surprise and winked back at Mella in silence.
Dallas quickly stumbled off the loveseat cushion in awe and almost hit the hard tile with his butthole while using a little angelic magic from his angel reserve pack, quickly standing upright with confusion. He slowly back stepped from Mella and Argus and turned with a sneer, staring at the nose profile on Argus. “You knew the entire time and didn't bother to tell me, Argus!”
“I know lots of things, Dallas.” Argus turned and winked at Dallas returning back to nod at Mella, spinning around to nod at Drake.
On the entrance wall, beside the sitting chair, junior angel Lystra gasped in alarm and rushed ahead, raising her borrowed butcher kitchen cooking knife above her hair roots, screaming out loud at Mella. “Destroyer, destroy her …”
“Lystra, power down, right now, angel!” Argus scooted sideways with a sneer and then captured the rushing young angel with both of his cupped hands on each one of her wrist bones, growling down into her sour face. He jerked the butcher knife from her cupped hand and then shoved the teen angel with his free hand while snarling into her face at the stupid young angel warrior attack. The other angels from the team swiftly stood upright and stopped their current activity, staring at Mella, then Argus, and then Lystra with silence fear, worry, and confusion.
Bo continued to cuddle his girl Tina protecting his love and his future bride, clearing a tight throat, softly speaking to the angel leader in a delicate manner. “Argus, I too agree with Lystra on this one. Mella has morphed her human body into a dangerous destroyer angel. Look, I can see and feel also as a human without my angel powers! We should leave her here and alone and also leave this house, since we have a angel job to finish.”
Argus turned and nodded to the other angel. “Dallas, what’s your input here?”
Dallas smiled at a sexy Mella. “She’s a girl.”
Lystra slowly back stepped and pointed with a sneer at Mella, moving back into the entrance wall at her original spot, “She’s a destroyer angel which is different from a heavenly angel. She is commanded only by Satan, not the Source. She is one of Satan’s things. This is an angel trap with us and on you, Argus. You’re stupid not to notice or heed her destructive innate destroyer powers. She will and can destroy…”
“Lystra and her nasty statements are all correct," Argus returned back and smiled at Mella.
Dallas continued to back step from Mella and rammed his back spine into the side wall, disappearing into the kitchen with a set of soft chuckles.
Mella continued to stand in front of the loveseat and smiled at Argus. Then her pair of red tinted destroyer angel wings slowly dissolved as each red tinted feather disintegrated and vanished in thin air leaving her appearance like a human female teenager again with mystery.
Argus slowly back stepped and then stood beside Drake, viewing each angel face, "However, the female teenager girl Mella was once upon a time a demonic destroyer angel, who was commanded by Satan. Mella came up from fire hell flying around the cosmic without purpose and then fell down onto the Earth plane and saved the human life of seventeen years old high schooler Drake. Isn't that right, Drake?” Drake nodded in silence and stared at Mella without moving from his sitting chair. Argus continued to nod to Mella without viewing any of the heavenly angels. “Mella is a human teenager Earth girl now but remembers her past angel life again. That is all going on here, folks!” He chuckled with Drake and as the other angels did not smile or chuckle but stared at the former destroyer angel with fear and worry in silence, including Bo.
“Thank you, Argus!” Mella softly coughed out loud and then spat some of her mouth salvia over her smile, quickly wiping her wet mouth with both of her hands, slamming both hand down over her long legs. Drake slowly strolled ahead and stopped, hugging Mella, staring at Argus.
On the side wall, in front of the loveseat, junior angel Angee hugged her junior angel boy Gavreel and continued to stare at Mella, who appeared like a harmless Earth female teenager, “Okay! Fine! All right! Is this the reason that we have been planted right here in Nicolas Cove on the river bank to come here and restore her destroyer angel memory banks on Mella, Argus?”
Argus shook his bone skull and exhaled with confusion, staring at Drake and Mella, “I really doubt it. This is a side benefit only for Mella, not us. We have been guided here for another reason.”
Mella tilted her chin and winked at Argus. "Show Drake the mobile telephone from Satan, Argus!" Each angel stood upright from the seat again and stared at Mella with puzzlement and some fearful worries coming from the former destroyer angel.
Argus gasped in shock and whipped out the mobile telephone, staring down at the image, sliding the screen on the telephone in front of Drake. “What do you think of that red tinted image, Drake?”
Drake studied the image and then shook his bone skull with puzzlement. “The five points image appears like a piece of simple art work that resemble an outer space constellation to me, but this image does not have a direct or indirect human meaning to me either. But, maybe, ..."
A new musical song played out loud from the mobile telephone, “I'm a soul man. I'm a soul man. I'm a soul man (come on!) I'm a soul man. And that ain't all. Got what I got the hard way. And I make it better, each and every day. So, honey said, don't you fret. 'Cause you ain't see nothing yet. I'm a soul man. I'm a soul man. I'm a soul man …”
The musical tune Soul Man had been written in 1967 by musical artists Isaac Hayes and David Porter. The song had been performed by the musical duo Sam & Dave, who was Samuel "Sam" Moore and David "Dave" Prater in the year 1970 from the album Everybody Needs Blues Brothers.
"What!" Dallas re-entered and then stopped a few feet into the living room space holding an open cold, sweaty bottle of beer, without touching his lips, staring at Mella and then sneered at the nose profile on Argus.
Xambree continued to stand and cuddled her boyfriend Jake, nodding with a stern face at Mella and then Argus. "Well, that definitely explains our impossible rough wave and our presence right now, at the right time, in the right place. Now, what's the next step, Argus?"
“Well, the subject matter in the new musical song speaks of a soul man. Does any angel or human care to take a stab at that new convoluted and convoked translation from that musical song?” Argus continued to stand and whipped out the mobile telephone from the pocket on his battle vest that had not drowned in the rough wave, staring down at the light screen.
Ithanna sat down and smiled at the nose profile on Argus. “The first man is the first living soul that came down from heavenly by the Source.”
“That’s a good translation, Ithanna!” Angee sat down and hugged her guy Gavreel, nodding with a smile to Argus. “In Book of Corinthians, Chapter 15 and verse 34, it states that information from The Holy Scriptures.”
“Excellent job, Ithanna and Angee!” Argus continued to stand and stared down at the screen on the singing phone with puzzlement. “Look at this. The five vertical lines are now a solid color of red, not blinking, but stationary like this is a new clue. Before, the five broken semi-vertical lines had rotated around in a complete circle, much like a signal.”
Lystra stood back at the entrance wall and refused to sit in the human chair, frowning with miff-ness at the team leader. “Each one of us is a heavenly angel and each one of us knows that familiar passage from the Holy Scriptures. So, what else does the musical words represent? It is an individual person or a place or a thing or an alien or a heavenly angel or a nasty demon?”
“The first man had been named Adam, who was the first living soul that came down from heaven, when the Source wiggled his two hands. Do we know another Earth human who is named Adam?” Xambree nodded.
Gavreel smiled with a nod to Argus. “Yes, I had lunched with Adam yesterday." Angee reached over and elbowed his rib cage in silence. He frowned at Argus. "O! I'm sorry. I do not know of another male or man or person, who is named Adam, up there in heaven or down here on the planet.”
“We are walking and talking with a room of angel babies, Bo.” Dallas returned back into the living room and held a cold bottle of beer, staring at the nose profile on Bo.
“Hush, Dallas!” Bo sat down and cuddled Tina, turning with a frown and then a gasp to see Dallas and the bottle of cold beer without a reprimand.
Gavreel laughed. "And Adam likes to dance, but doesn’t like fruit.” Some of the younger angels softly chuckled and nodded a bone skull.
Argus exhaled with a nod of disappointment. “Well, I’ll venture an educated guess here first that the musical Earth song doesn’t reference the first born soul inside first born son Adam. But I do concur that a soul man would be the first soul and that was Adam. So, does anyone else offer another reference name or nickname for Adam?” He looked down and studied the screen. “Look at this! The five semi-vertical lines now appear as a solid color of red hue without blinking but stationary. Before the sequence of vertical lines had rotated around in a completed circle much like a demonic signal from Satan to us.”
Xambree turned and surveyed each face with a smile. “Do we know another person who is named or nicknamed Adam?”
“No.” Ithanna shook her curls.
“Naw.” Jake smiled.
Lystra frowned. “Nope!”
Jake turned and nodded to Argus. “This might be significant here or it could be just minor. But I know of a property place, not a proper person that is named Adam. The local shopping mall is called Adam, which is located in downtown Birmingham.”
“Insignificant!” Lystra shook her curls and frowned at Jake.
Dallas slurped the beer and then held up his palm near his stern face. “Hold up here! We had been swept up and down into an overflowing tiny creek of fresh water which had sailed all of us like a pond fish down into the local cold bay water, where I had almost drowned by a freaking mini-tidal wave inside the bay. Then we all had arrived alive and landed on top of some of the nasty looking sand grain right in front of human teenager and teen billionaire's Drake and his private lake house. Why was that so?”
Xambree nodded. “Clearly, we have been sent here to save destroyer angel Mella. Therefore, we have accomplished that simple heavenly task. So, now, we should exit from the lake house and go back into the outdoors. I expect another natural occurrence will rush, rush away ...”
“...destroyer angel…” Lystra sneered at Mella.
Angee turned and frowned at her friend, “Hush it, Lystra!”
“Rush, rush away war angel.” Lystra turned and snarled at her angel friend with fury.
“I hope not. I don’t like getting my angel wings wet, Xambree.” Ithanna nodded.
Dallas shook his bone skull. “No! That is not the right conclusion here, Xambree. Mella did not need saving. She was a human girl before we came here. There is something right here for us to try and figure out. But I can't pinpoint either,” he sipped and then swallowed the beer, scanning the new environment.
Ithanna exhaled with frustration. “I greatly dislike puzzles.”
Bo cuddled Tina and stared at Drake, nodding with a smile. “Well, we are standing here on Planet Earth, the home of the humans. And a human is standing inside his house with a team of angels. So, let's ask the human. What do you know about the human shopping center which is called Adam Mall, Drake?”
Drake turned and smiled at Bo, shrugging his collar bone. “Well, I own it.”
Each angel gasped in shock.
Tina smiled at Drake. “Wait! Are you telling us that you own an entire mall with all the fashion and furniture and toy stores inside?”
“I own the land property and the entire building of brick that houses each fashion store, furniture store, and toy store. The store is called a business vendor. Each business vendor pay money rent to use the floor space. My dad had purchased the land property and then he had built the tall and wide structure. Now, I own it all. My dad is not alive. So, this might be your connection to another different Adam that lives here on the planet which is continuous singing in your mobile telephone, Argus. I do believe that we all should leave from my house and go visit Adam Mall. This might be the human clue you are looking for,” Drake nodded with a smile to Argus.
“I do not believe so, teen human.” Lystra crossed her legs and shook her curls with a sour frown at Drake.
Dallas nodded. “Archangel Michael said we must use any and all resources here on Planet Earth to solve the heavenly riddle. We are a team of angels. Does everyone remember that? We do not possess one single earthly treasure. Does everyone recall that? Therefore, we all need the humans here on the planet to provide for us their material treasures. And we can’t use our angel powers to materialize stuff here, since each one of us is currently bundled by some a few of the older, wiser, and experienced heavenly archangels.” He sipped and then swallowed the beer, nodding with a smile to each angel face.
Bo frowned at the nose profile on Dallas. “Dallas, how in the heavens did you materialize that be…beverage, without your angel powers. We are all existing on very limited angel reserve pack. Do not use …”
“Chill, Bo!" Dallas laughed. "My be...beverage is an Earth mineral coming from the human refrigerator.” he chuckled with the rest of the angels.
Argus turned and winked at Bo, “Don’t argue with a snot-hole, Bo!”
“Look here! We need all the Earth resources and Earth monies and Earth transports that can get to complete our angel mission on foot …”
“…or on horse. I greatly dislike it, when Dallas is right. And we need our new Earth friends to assist us in our heavenly quest to find and save the single living soul baby that had been captured by the Crimson Tail under Satan’s command. So, we leave out from here and go, scouting out this new place which is called Adam Mall here within Birmingham.” Argus turned and nodded with a stern face to each angel.
Drake leaned over and hugged Mella, nodding with a smile to Argus. “Mella and I wanna help all of you too. We will come along also. If you need money, I get tons of George Washington's for your important heavenly cause. After all, the money belongs to the Source, not me!”
“We don’t need human president George Washington now. Do we need to contact USA president George Washington, Argus?” Ithanna frowned.
Argus smiled. “Yes, we do. We need George Washington and Henry Ford. Can we borrow your car and travel towards the Adam Mall, Drake?”
Drake scooted with Mella around the furniture leaving the living room and led the team of angels into the six-car garage. “Yes, of course, I have a row of transport vehicles. Let’s go and select the one you like, Argus.”

City of Hoover, within the State of Alabama
   (35 miles, south, from Lake Martin)

Adam Mall location
Limousine setting
09:09 am

66° Fahrenheit air temperatures; 100% sunlight
    0 wind speed; 0 cloud cover; 1% humidity


The city of Hoover is located south of downtown Birmingham and is one of the largest suburbs with 85,002 suburbians living within the one of the twenty-six geographical locations that surrounds metro city Birmingham. The city possesses the usual entities, several schools, a city hall, several public recreational facilities, a local library, grocery stores, drug stores, restaurants, and private companies, and the largest shopping mall building in the State of Alabama. Other fine portions of the city include golf courses, walking parks for dogs and humans, walking flower gardens, and two major roadways that lead towards the city of Tuscaloosa in the west direction or metro city Atlanta in the eastern horizon.

Currently, the enclosed shopping mall building appeared, within an island of vanilla tinted concrete, consisting of an assortment of short and tall three red bricked structures, an array of bright and blinking neon business signs, and second level row of glass windows with numerous items for sale, such like clothes, food, candy, and electronic toys. The operation hours for each customer was ten o'clock in the morning until ten o'clock in the evening. However, Drake owned the mall and possessed a key into any one of the mall doors.
A silver tinted limousine pulled up and then stopped beside the flat vanilla colored walkway directly in front of the entrance wall with four sets of glass doors at Adam Mall. The driver's door slowly opened wide and revealed a sitting Drake behind the steering wheel. He had acquired a chauffeur's license a few months ago, so he could drive around the city without waiting on a member of his paid staff.
Drake scooted from the front seat and stood upright on top of the gray tinted pavement, slamming the front door shut, shuffling ahead. He leaned down and opened the rear door for his set of heavenly guests, pounding the metal frame with laughter, shouting out loud with a smile. "We've arrived here at Adam Mall. Come on out for a look see! I do not see anything abnormal here," he continued to survey the mall, the surrounding grove of trees, and manicured lawn with puzzlement.
The other rear door on the parked limousine slowly opened wide and revealed a sitting Dallas in the rear compartment. Dallas stood upright with a stern face and then shuffled sideways, clicking open the front passenger door with a smile, revealing a sitting Mella.
Mella looked up and smiled at Dallas, extending her hand. Dallas quickly assisted her from the front passenger seat and released her hand, slowly shuffling a few feet from a standing Mella and the parked transport, carefully surveying the entire mall structure, the surrounding grove of trees, hearing the wild life with his set of angel eardrums, looking up at the clear skyline with puzzlement.
Dallas had lived as a human on Planet Earth and had known the purpose of a human mall structure. However, the team of angels had arrived here at Adam Mall and the scene appeared pleasant and peacefully. He continued to stand and monitor the new dangerous situation while protecting each one of the gracelings from trouble.
From each open rear compartment door, each angel slowly slid out from the leather bench seat and stood upright with a smile, scooting around and then stopped, forming a row beside Dallas in front of the parked limousine while surveying the new environment with a set of soft chuckles and giggles.
Argus shuffled out from the limousine door last and stood upright on top of the pavement in-between the metal door and in front of Drake, when the musical song Soul Man ceased the words and the musical notes. Argus looked down with a gasp and shook the mobile telephone with puzzlement.
Each angel and human Mella spun around with a gasp and stared at Argus in silence.
From each hidden musical speaker on each corner on the mall structure, a new musical song entitled Sweet Home Alabama loudly blasted out both the musical notes and words in the air waves.
“Sweet home Alabama, where the skies are so blue. Sweet home Alabama. Lord, I’m coming home to you. Big wheels keep on turning. Carry me home to see my kin. Singing songs about the Southland. I miss Alabamy once again. And I think it's a sin, yes. Well, I heard Mister Young sing about her. Well, I hear old Neil put her down. Well, I hope Neil Young will remember. A Southern man don't need him around, anyhow. Sweet home Alabama, where the skies are so blue. Sweet home Alabama. Lord, I'm coming home to you...”
The musical song Sweet Home Alabama had been written and played in the year 1974 by the musical band Lynyrd Skynard. 
Each angel and Mella swung back around with a gasp and searched for each hidden speaker with the blaring musical song on the Adam Mall in confusion.
In the stationary row of angels, Bo continued to stand and cuddled with Tina. He had recognized the musical song from his guardian angel job here on the planet. He frowned at the building and shouting to Drake. “That musical song entitled Sweet Home Alabama is playing over each speaker outside your building, did you arrange the music for our visit, Drake?”
"No!" Drake slammed the rear door on the limousine with puzzlement and slowly moved with Argus around the rear bumper on parked limousine, standing at the end of the angel line and stared at his property building.
Dallas snapped his fingers and smiled with a nod at the building, singing with the musical song. “Sweet home Alabama, well, this must be the right place.”
“The human musical words within the human musical song of Sweet Home Alabama does seem to be coincidental to our angel mission as well as the previous human musical tunes.” Gavreel cuddled his girl Angee and nodded to the human building with a smile. “I do believe this is method that evil Satan had provide through human communication with us to find the living soul baby within Eve’s Tomb.”
“Yes.” Argus nodded with a smile at the building hearing the new musical song, leading the team of angels plus the two teen humans Drake and Mella towards the first set of glass doors.
Each angel slowly padded behind Argus and continued to view the building and the row of glass doors.
“No.” Bo slowly moved ahead with Tina and frowned at the building with worry.

At 09:13 am, inside the mall lobby, Argus stopped and surveyed the new environment with curiosity and puzzlement, smelling the cooking food, hearing the voices from the workers. Each angel stopped and formed a loose huddle around Argus.
Dallas moved ahead with laughter and passed the huddle of angels, spinning around with a smile, pointing at each angel. "You look like an alternative rock and roll band. Or maybe, I am seeing a set of undercover police officers chasing after the teen thief..."
Angee frowned at Dallas. "I do not understand your statement, Dallas. What are you referencing?" 
He slapped his chest and then pointed at each angel with laughter, "You and me!  We sorta exhibit in appearance a unit of something.”
Gavreel tossed one arm in the air and shouted out loud, "A unit of angels..."
Dallas shook his bone skull. "We're running with babies, Bo!"
Bo frowned. "Peace out, Dallas!”
Mella drug Drake ahead and stopped beside Dallas, smiling at the huddle of angels, slapping her chest. “Okay! I’m new at all of this stuff. But each one of you are beaming like a bright flashlight in the darkness from your angel aura. I do believe that we all need a shopping trip to the Hilliard.”
Lystra frowned at Mella, “What is a Hilliard?”
Mella smiled. “Hilliard is an up-beat teen clothing store. Each one of you need to blend into your human surroundings, if you are really going to defeat Satan and finish your angel mission.” She spun around and cuddled Drake, leading the angels down the wide corridor into the clothing stores. She parted from Drake and waved her arm in the air, “Girls, come and follow me to the female section.”
Drake turned and veered into the male section with a smile. “Come this way, gents!”

At 09:21 am inside the Junior Girl clothing department, human teenager Mella stepped onto the wild and crazy red, yellow, and green whirly carpet and stopped, spinning around, extending both of her arms parallel to the floor, nodding with a smile to each angel. “I got this part down pat, girls. This section displays the current rage for an elegant southern belle her in Alabama.”
“A heavenly angel does not carry the necessary human money, Mella.” Tina stopped and stood  few feet from the numerous rack of new clothes, eyeing the pretty items.
Mella whipped out the black tinted credit card from her walking shorts and waved it at the line of angels. “Drake had made a human promise to Argus. Drake will pay in human money for every piece of clothing item that each one of you needs. He gave me his black credit card for the purchase. “This is our treat for ya’ll. So, let's go shopping, girlfriends,” she scooted sideways with a slight giggle and moved ahead toward a new display of clothes.
Ithanna moved ahead with a smile and reached out, touching a pair of jeans in yellow hue. “I like this clothing item, a lot. Tina, may I buy this pair of jeans?” She turned and viewed the nose profile on Tina. Tina nodded with a smile and shoved each hanger looking for a pair of jeans for her body.
Mella stopped and stood beside a row of three mannequins on top of a raised platform who were dressed in a trendy top and a pair of jeans, shouting out loud with a smile at the row of angels. “Skinny jeans in newest, outrageous trend for a teen girl and comes in an array of wilder colors. Yellow, aqua, red, black, hot pink, or white, choose a weapon to cover your bootie, ya'll!” She laughed with the other girls.
Ithanna grabbed the pair of desired in yellow hue jeans, scooted sideways, and then stopped, touching a silk blouse on the rack. “This is so cute.”
Xambree quickly selected a pair of black tinted skinny jeans and a silver long-sleeved tee shirt padding into a side door towards one of the changing rooms with any verbal or facial expression as a death angel with very limited angel and human emotions.
Angee stood at the clothes rack and touched each pair of jeans with a smile. “Each one of these girly items are too cute” She adventured down the clothing rack while feeling the texture and deciding her color.
Ithanna holds three pairs of skinny jeans in various colors. “I don’t know which one to choose.”
Lystra selected a pair of jeans and held the hanger in the air, nodding with a smile. “I like this one.” She dropped the hanger and strolled ahead towards a rake of blouses.
Tina pulled a pair of jeans curving them around her arm, advancing towards the rack of blouses. “My favorite color.”
Each angel carried their new girl gear into one of the numerous changing rooms.
Xambree emerged full dressed in her new clothes from the changing room and veered ahead to the human shoe department alone.
From the changing room, Tina exited her stall and moved ahead, standing in front of three walls of shiny reflection mirrors. She displayed a pair of aqua colored skinny jeans, a long-sleeved pink tinted turtleneck shirt and a pair of wiggling naked toe bones.
Xambree returned back quickly from the shoe department and stood inside the archway, admiring Tina in silence.
Tina gasped in shock and viewed Xambree. Xambree displayed a silver tinted, long-sleeved tee shirt with a scoop neck and an array of patterned flowers in the center that outlined her big chest, a pair of black tinted skinny jeans, and a new pair of cowgirl boots covering all her naked toes.
Tina admired the look on the death angel which displayed a no-nonsense demeanor and calm personality along with good common sense and gasped down at the new pair of cowgirl boots which displayed two hot pink inlays on the leg panel with solid black rounded toes on the sole.
“Xambree, where did you steal those pair of cowgirl boots?” Tina smiled down at the shiny pink animal skin.
Angee exited her stall and viewed the reflection mirror, wearing a pair of yellow tinted skinny jeans, a short-sleeved light green shirt, and a pair of bare feet, staring at Xambree. “Xambree has a pair of new cowgirls boots. Wow! The store houses pairs of cowgirl boots, to boot. Are your boots really made of snake-skin, Xambree?”
“Crocodile.” Xambree smirked without spoiling her deather image.
Lystra exited her stall and stood a few feet from the wall of mirrors, admiring her new appearance, seeing Xambree too. “Why did you get the boots, deather?”
Xambree continued to lean against the door frame without emotion and viewed each one of her friends. “The thickness of the animal leather will advance each one of our warrior skills against our common evil foe Satan while we are searching here inside the human shopping mall and disguised as a Bama teen during the butthole kicking session.” The other angels laughed including Mella.
Ithanna emerged from her stall and strolled to the mirror, ignoring her image and viewed Xambree. “Wow! Xambree is wearing a pair of cowgirl boots. I wanna a pair too, Mella.”
Mella back stepped from the huddle of angels and spun around, waving her arm, leading to the shoe department. “We venture into the shoe department now, girlfriends!” The angels turned and followed behind Mella, bumping with a set of giggles into each other like a group of silly teenagers.

At 09:52 am within Men’s Shoe Department, Bo sat in the chair and leaned down, tying the two loose strings on his new pair of white, shiny athletic sneakers, standing upright with a smile. He looked down and stomped his feet around the floor while pretending to kill ants.
Dallas appeared and slapped his foot sole on top of the padded stool in front of Bo while shopping inside the Men’s Shoe Department, laughing out loud. “Look at this, Bo!”
Bo stood upright and frowned at the nasty word on the black tinted short-sleeved tee shirt. “Horse beep!” He substituted the nasty word for a nice word and then rolled his eyeballs, looking back at his friend Dallas, shaking his curls.
“Horse shit!” Drake looked up with a smile from the sitting chair a few seats from Bo and read out loud the nasty word on the black tinted tee shirt, chuckling with Jake.
Dallas slapped his chest and then pointed down at his boot. “Not the curse word on my tee shirt, snot-hole! Look further down at my new pair of boots.” His feet displayed a pair of cowboy boots in brown and white colored swirls of snake skin with two solid black inlays against each shin bone.
“What’s that, Dallas?” Jake sat beside Drake and stood upright, strolling to Dallas, smiling down at the cowboy boots.
“Python.” Dallas smiled.
Gavreel appeared and stood beside Jake, smiling down at the cowboy boots also. “Wow! Dallas is wearing a pair of exotic cowboys. Where did you find the boots, man?”
Dallas thumbed back over his collar bone to the side wall. “I find a wall of colorful cowboy boots for the taking,” laughing.
Gavreel looked up and followed the thumb direction, venturing to the wall, searching for a pair of exotic cowboy boots for his feet also.
Argus appeared and stood beside Jake, admiring the boots on Dallas. “Are these cowboy boots real?
“Real snake of python.” Dallas laughed.
Bo rubbed his neck muscles with understanding but disagreeing with the concept. “I don’t know, Dallas. A pair of human cowboy boots are very heavy here with Earth's gravity. My new pair of athletic sneakers feel light-weight for a quick-draw life-saving angel action …”
Dallas jerked his boot up from the padded stool and then back stepped gracefully towards the shoe shelf, swinging his leg backwards with the boot heel into a posed clothing dummy on the raised platform from the floor. The first dummy toppled to the side into the other dummies.
Jake and Drake laughed. Bo snarled.
Argus wiggled his finger and accessed his limited angel reserve pack, fixing the human display, frowning at Dallas, “Yeah, we get it, Dallas. Don’t damage any more human furniture. We carry around a very small amount of angel reserve, in which, we all will need to save our selfie from Satan. Right, Dallas?”
“Right! Satan!” Dallas nodded with a smile and folded his biceps across the word: Horseshit!
“Let’s finish this up and get back home to heaven! I have a wedding to plan and a new death assignment to learn,” Jake moved ahead with a stern face towards the wall of cowboy boots.

At 10:31 am, inside the mall corridor, in front of the department store, the huddle of males exited the store and then scooted away from the flow of human people, standing inside a pretend living room setting while waiting for the females. The living room setting was comprised of two individual torn, beaten up dark brown sofas, three matching ratty loveseats, and four worn oversized matching cloth chairs but each male was standing and admiring each other pair of cowboy boots.
Argus displayed a pair of shredded maroon colored jeans, a black, maroon, and white colored plaid long-sleeved un-buttoned shirt with a set of rolled wrist sleeves over a long-sleeved white tinted tee shirt, and a pair of red and gray colored cowboy boots.
Jake stood in a pair of shredded, light blue colored, faded blue jeans, a white tee shirt underneath a dark blue colored hooded shirt, and a pair of blue and brown cowboy boots.
Drake displayed a red tinted knit shirt, a pair of dark blue jeans, and a pair of white and tan cowboy boots.
Bo was nicely dressed in a bright blue sleeveless vest over a white colored, long-sleeved, button-down dress shirt with a red tinted bowtie, a pair of medium colored blue jeans, and a pair of golden tan cowboy boots.
Gavreel had selected a solid tan colored turtleneck shirt, a pair of light blue faded, and a pair of bright green and dull brown colored cowboys.
Each female pranced from the store with smile and strolled towards the huddle of males.
Tina stopped and cuddled with her angel boy Bo, exhibiting a pink tinted turtleneck, a pair of aqua colored skinny jeans, and a pair if golden tan colored cowgirl boots.
Xambree still wore a silver tinted, long-sleeved tee shirt with the flower pattern, a pair of black tinted skinny jeans, and a pair of black tinted cowgirl boots.
Ithanna strolled ahead and stopped in the huddle, wearing a pair of shredded and faded blue jeans, a triplet set of long-sleeved tees in the colors of green, red, and orange, and a pair of purple and white colored cowgirl boots.
Angee moved ahead and cuddled with her angel boy, exhibiting a pair of yellow tinted skinny jeans, an orange knit shirt, and a pair of pink and cherry colored cowgirl boots.
Lystra strolled ahead with a smile and displayed a pair of hot pink tinted skinny jeans, a pair of black tinted cowgirl boots, and a long-sleeved velveteen shirt.
Mella moved ahead and waved at Drake, wearing a pair of white tinted skinny jeans, a rose colored turtleneck underneath a paisley sleeveless vest in black, pink, and white and a pair of brown and white cowgirl boots.
Bo cuddled Tina and examined her human outfit with a smile. “I like you in pink, little girl.” He leaned over and kissed her lips. They surfaced and smiled at each other.
Tina looked down and smiled at his foot. “And I like your boots, sir. So, human cowboy, you and I seem to match perfectly based on a matching pair of golden tan boots. I guess that means we’re compatible.”
He smiled. “The real test of compatibility will be the night of our honeymoon, after our heavenly marriage ceremony, of course.”
She giggled. “You’re such a bad boy.”
He winked. “Not yet! But I will be,” he leaned over and kissed her lips.
“I want. I want my MTV. I want my MTV.” A new musical song entitled Money for Nothing blasted from each hidden speaker inside the interior walls of the mall. The musical song had been written by the musical group Brothers in Arms in the 1980 and played by the British rock band Dire Straits.
Argus whipped out the mobile telephone from Satan and shook the human devise, without hearing the same musical words. He sneered down at the screen. “We’re being paged.” Argus looked up and scanned the wall corners searching for the hidden speakers or a new clue.
“We’re being played.” Xambree looked up and scanned the new environment.
“We’re being set-up.” Tina turned and scanned each roaming human and some of the entrance doors into an individual business store.
“We’re being spied upon by Satan," Dallas turned and sneered at Bo. Bo nodded.
Angee stood beside her angel boy Gavreel while honoring her new angel mission, scanning the new environment with a stern face. “Listen to the new song! The words are: I want my MTV. I do not understand the human message. What does each letter of M and T and V mean? Is that a new clothing store also?”
Drake looked up and surveyed the hallway, shaking his bone skull. “No! The sentence is not referencing another clothing store, Angee. I’m very familiar with that musical song. The words grab my attention. I want my MTV. This is the next human clue for us. MTV was an old fashion television program during the decade of the 1980s which exhibited individual colorful videos of every musical musicians playing a musical song.”
Bo continued to cuddle Tina and scanned the hallway for any sign of trouble too, explaining to the other angels. “Yeah, I remembered that too. Each solo musician or group of musician had played all types of popular teen and adult music from rock and rock to country hillbilly to jazz soul to pop musical songs. But I don’t see the connection, either, Angee.”
“I want my MTV.” Jake nodded with a stern face. “During the decades of the 1980s, communications had shifted from the voice of a high school teenager to a telephone landline to each teenager watching a music video. Everyone watched and talked about each music video, purchased music records, and enjoyed the new songs. Now days, each teen only communicates with a mobile telephone. The mobile telephone is a combination of a talking telephone, a musical radio, a music player, a Hollywood movie player, and a computer that is all rolled into one devise. An a mobile telephone is carried around by every elementary school kid, teenager, young, mature, and elderly adult throughout the world, including people here inside this mal.”
Mella held her personal mobile telephone near her smile. “That's it! The true weapon of a teen is the mobile telephone. The mobile telephone has the world, or in your case, the communication of the universe at your finger tips.”
Tina turned and smiled at Mella. “I do believe that Mella is correct. The musical theme, I want my MTV, is simple, clever and sweet. So each one of us must go and each purchase a new shiny mobile telephone and then receive a new clue from our evil foe Satan," she turned and pointed at the new store. "Let’s go shopping at the Bama Cell Center store which is conveniently and diagonally across from our war stance, ya'll.”

At 10:46 am, both Mella and Drake moved ahead and lead the team of angels into the Bama Cell Center, stopping and stood in front of the cash register. He nodded to the sales clerk while shouting out loud to the angels. “Go and pick any one of the new mobile telephones here inside the store. I am paying for all it, sir.” He pulled out his credit card and nodded to the sales clerk. The clerk looked up and smiled at the group of young teens that was purchasing a mobile telephone.
On top of the light blue carpet with swirls of tan colored waves, in front of the solid wall of row of mounted pink or blue or gold or silver or black tinted mobile telephones, Ithanna stopped and studied each one of the phones with a smile. “I see lots of pretty colors from each mobile telephone. Which one is the hottest?”
“This one!” Gavreel stood in front of the wall with rows of colorful mounted mobile telephones beside Angee and held the dark screen into his eardrum, spinning around with a nod to Argus. “I think this particular black tinted mobile telephone is signaling to me to touch and to take. I can feel some slight warmth but not hot heat between my fingers.”
“Really!” Argus stopped in the middle of the carpet and turned with puzzlement, nodding to Gavreel.
He nodded back with affirmative and moved away from wall allowing his girl Angee to select the proper mobile telephone, completing the angel mission. He stopped and stood in the middle of the carpet while waiting on the other angels, listening to his new human communication devise.
Argus scooted towards the forward wall and stopped, reaching up to the top row, touching each mounted telephone. He shouted out loud with puzzlement, “So far, I feel nothing over here.” He shifted his hand to each mounted phone and felt cold metal. “So far, I feel nothing down here. I would guess here. The designated mobile telephone must contains a short burst of an evil energy from our un-friend,” he laughed with some of the braver angels.
Jake strolled with Xambree and shook his curls wearing a worried brow. "I do not like this. Satan has rigged a mobile telephone to track each one of us."
At the cash register desk, the sales clerk scanned each teenager and then frowned at the commotion. "Each one of three walls contains numerous row of mounted telephones but each mobile telephone is only for visual display, not to purchase for use. Each teenager needs to select the phone they want. Then I can provide a new and unused mobile telephone from the current inventory."
Drake gasped in shock at the sales clerk and spun around with worry, seeing the busy commotion. Each angel was standing in front of one of the three walls touching each mounted mobile telephone while searching for the energy surge. He surveyed the store and then scooted sideways, standing in front of the bank machine that was conveniently located inside the mobile telephone company for purchasing a new mobile telephone. Drake whipped out his bank card and inserted the plastic, punching the button, withdrawing the maximum dollars on his bank card to pay the curious sales clerk. Else, the team of angels and Drake would not be able to leave the store with the designated mobile telephone.
Drake scooted sideways with a smile and stopped in front of the sales clerk, nodding with a smile. "Look! My teen friends are foreigners visiting our country. They do not understand all the procedures..."
"But ..."
Drake lifted up and placed a stack of money bills on top of the counter, nodding with a smile to the confused sales clerk. "Look! I do understand as a teenager American. I have ten friends here. They wanna purchase the mobile telephone in their hand. A new mobile telephone cost one thousand dollars. So, I will pay in cash ten thousand dollars for each used mobile telephone from the wall, not a new one. So, you can replace each used mobile telephone with a new. No problem, right?"
"But ..."
"And I will pay in advance the phone service for each used mobile telephone for two years at 200 dollars per month. The month amount is 48,000 dollars..."
"But ..."
"And I wanna pay you for your wonderful phone service for my friends. This tall stack of green tinted American bills contains 100,000 dollars which covers the 10,000 for the ten used mobile telephones and two years of telephone service for ten mobile telephones which total 48,000. So, the total of the mobile telephone expense is 58,000 dollars. Thus, your commission for aiding my friends is 32,000 dollars from the stack of 100,000 dollars."
The sales clerk looked down and frowned at the tall stack of money. "Is that stack of American bills real, man? Else, I'm calling the cops on your butthole, dude!"
Drake pointed at the machine. "I have retrieved all the money from your available bank machine here in the store and on the wall corner. Does that bank machine contains stacks of real American bills, sir?"
The sales clerk gasped in shock and turned to view the machine, nodding with a grin, returning back to see Drake. "Yeah! Yes, the bank machine is real, man. The stack of money is real, dude. So, this stack of money came from the bank machine."
"My stack of money came from the bank machine. Here is my bank machine receipt," he showed the clerk the paper receipt from withdrawing the money.
The sales clerk leaned down and gasped in shock, standing upright, laughing out loud at Drake. "Do you really have 100,000 dollars in your bank account? Well, I guess not now."
Drake laughed with a smirk. "I possess billions of dollars inside my numerous bank accounts, sir."
The sales clerk gasped in shock and looked down at the stack of American dollars, returning back to see each teen, who slowly wandered around the floor, touching each mounted mobile telephone.
On the floor, Dallas slowly moved ahead and lifted both of his palms near his smile, strolling ahead towards one of the walls of phones. “So, if no one touches one of the mobile telephones, then all of this will end, right here and right now. Right?”
"Wrong, Dallas!" Xambree stopped with Jake and studied the wall of phones with a sour frown of worry, reaching out, tapping the metal for a slight degree of warmth with her human finger pad.
“Put your hands down, man!” Bo frowned and shoved Dallas closer to the wall of phones. “Get moving! Go and find an energy burst inside one of the phones, Dallas!”
Xambree continued to reach out and tapped each metal. “No! This event will go on and on and on, foreverly.”
Tina turned and frowned at the nose profile on Bo. “No! This event cannot go on and on and on, foreverly. I have a wedding ceremony to plan next. This event cannot go on, foreverly. I found my heated phone,” she turned and viewed the back spine on Dallas, “Best man Dallas, pick out a phone. Let’s go and finish this event and then get back to home.”
At the cash register table, the sales clerk looked down at the stack of bills and swept the stack into his cupped hands, laughing out loud. "Billionaire boy, you can have all the phones for your friends. I'm taking the cash and quitting my job..."
"But ..."
"Don't worry, billionaire boy!" The male sales clerk cuddled the money and winked at Drake. "I'm closing the store, after all ya'll leave. No one will report any thievery here. My co-worker will open the store later this evening and replace all of the phones that are missing. She will think that the company requested them back. No one will know..."
"I will know." Drake sneered at the evil young adult.
On the side wall, Dallas used his pair of angel eyeballs and stared at each mounted mobile telephone, seeing a slight lighted flame on the outside metal of a golden phone, snatching the phone with a sneer. “Found it!”
Argus snatched up one of the heated mobile telephones and spun around, seeing each angel, shouting out loud. "Does everyone have a phone?" He surveyed a phone in each hand."Good! We are ready to leave and find the new clue. Follow me!" He headed towards the entrance wall and nodded to Drake. "Are we good to go, Drake?"
Drake reached over and grabbed the hand on Mella, spinning them away from the greedy human, shouting out loud to leader Argus. "Yes, we are good. Let's get outta of here!"
Each angel slowly exited from the store with Drake and Mella following behind the huddle.
The greedy sales clerk followed the gang of teens from the store and locked the door, dashing away from his employer with the stack of cash money for all of his greedy purposes.

At 11:28 am, within the huddle of angels, Xambree slowly padded ahead and then swiftly spun around, walking backwards, staring at the rushing sales clerk. "If I did not know any better as a human teen, then I would say that particular human is more bad than good."
Drake continued to shuffle behind the huddle of angels and nodded back to Xambree, "Your human instincts are good, Xambree!"
She nodded to Drake and then spun around, looking down at her  new human mobile telephone in silence.
A few feet from the store, a new musical song entitled We Will Rock You blasted out loud from one of the purchased mobile telephones.
"Buddy, you're a boy make big noise. Playing in the street gonna be a big man some day. You got mud on your face, you big disgrace, kicking your can over all the place singing. We will. We will rock you. We will. We will rock you. Buddy, you're a young man, hard man, shouting in the street gonna take on the world some day. You got blood on your face, you big disgrace, kicking your can over the place, singing. We will. We will rock you. We will. We will rock you ..."
The musical song We Will Rock You had been written by Brian May and recorded by the musical band Queen in the year 1977.
Gavreel looked down and gasped in shock, lifting the phone in the air. “Argus, my new human mobile telephone is playing a new musical song.” Argus and the other teens scooted around Gavreel while listening to the new string of musical words.
Drake nodded with a stern face. “The noun, rock, is the new subject matter within the new musical song. But where are we supposed to find a mineral rock here inside a circle of short and tall buildings in glass and steel? I own this mall. I don't know if there is a single mineral rock inside any of these stores. This event is crazy, guys. Adam Mall houses human items, such like, clothes, purses, shoes, jewelry, bed linens, kitchen appliances …”
“… and a rock climbing wall inside the mall on level four,” Jake stood in front of the glass display with a listing of all the stores and slapped the glass with a smile, back stepping from the glass display, spinning around and shouted out loud. "Take the stairs! It’s a quicker trip,” he reached out and grabbed the hand on Xambree, racing ahead towards the staircase, leading the other teens.
Each angel swiftly climbed each step and continued to follow the back spine on Jake. Jake and Xambree entered into a yellow tinted building that was painted like the entrance of a tan colored mountain and then stopped in the middle of the hard tile floor. The rest of the angels stopped and stood in a circle, examining the new environment in silence.
The room was a long rectangular design. The entrance wall contained a double door with numerous small sitting tables on each side of the door frame and a long counter of fresh food items for watching family members and friends enjoy the climbing feat.
The opposite wall displayed a massive lumpy piece of hard material with individual colored tiny holes on the tan colored material that led up from the hard tiles and towards a fifty-feet high ceiling, without a set of steps or ladders or poles or ropes.
One side wall contained a playing area for smaller children with a small pond of water and a squat climbing wall in bright red hue.
On the opposite side wall, half of the wall was painted in dark gray hue with a row of fake smooth stones in dull colors; the other half of the wall displayed a pale blue fake skyline. On the bottom side, a large round dark hole housed the entrance point into the fake cave for some family fun.

At 12:02 am, inside the Bama Fun Center, Dallas veered from the group and stood in front of the cash register desk, slamming his palm on top of the counter, getting the attention on the tall, slender, brown-headed, light-colored eyeballs on the young facility instructor/climber. “Hello there, kid! I wanna rent the entire …” he turned and smiled at the room, returning back to the facility instructor. “… room of walls for the rest of the day and the rest of the night until you close up the business, pal.” The facility instructor nodded with a smile and looked down, typing on the keyboard at the store computer. Dallas back stepped from the counter with a smile and spun around, winking at Drake. “Drake, I do believe that you're the Earth man, yet again, here.”
Drake nodded to Dallas in silence and shuffled ahead with Mella, standing at the registration desk, placing a new stack of American bills on top of the counter. He had found a new money bank machine and withdrew more of his American cash for aiding the angels with their angel mission.
Drake explained the new plan to the facility manager and paid for the facility first and then closed the facility floor down to the public for the rest of the mall operational hours. The facility manager accepted the money payment without a cash bribe. With winks and flirts from Mella, he decided to take an early lunch meal, so the team of angels could finish their celestial job, finding the living soul baby.
From the registration desk, Dallas moved back to the stationary huddle and stopped beside Argus, searching for the new clue that might hold the hidden living soul.
Bo continued to stand in-between Argus and Tina, frowning at the unique environment, shaking his curls, “That message from the human musical song is vague…”
“The message is here.” Dallas continued to stand and surveyed the new environment, a fake cave entrance and a fake mountain. “And we must explore every nook and cranny inside this place, ain't that right, Argus?”
“I greatly dislike it, when Dallas is right.” Argus continued to stand and examine the high wall that led into the ceiling planks as he was a human male, not a heavenly angel with wings inside the human rock climbing facility.
Dallas exhaled with annoyance and pointed at each wall. “This entire area is 250 feet in length by 210 feet in wide by 100 feet in …”
“Do not continued to use your limited angel reserve pack, Dallas.” Bo sneered at each wall.
Jake stood slightly behind and away from Dallas, thumbing back over his collar bone at the entrance wall with laughter. He had enjoyed the fun activity inside a rock climbing wall with his pals at high school and college, before he had died from a terrible broken neck on the football field. Then he had met Xambree and became a death angel, running around heaven and now the Earth planet with her. “Dallas, he read the mathematical information on the wall plague behind your butthole, Bo. Which one of the fake objects do we attack first, the fake mountain or the fake cave?”
"Wall!" Dallas surveyed the high wall.
“Cave.” Argus turned and stared at the side wall.
“Whoa the stagecoach! Who is the team leader here?” Bo back stepped with worry from Tina and scooted in-between the two strong, brave, and arrogant warrior angels, sneering at Dallas.
"Argus,” Dallas looked at the rock wall and frowned with frustration.
“Argus!” Bo turned and stared at the nose profile on Argus.
Argus stood in place and surveyed the enclosed room, jabbing a finger at the cave entrance that contained numerous dark shadows. “We go and explore the fake cave first, because I am not feeling nothing as a useless human teen male, unless I can tap into my small reserve of angel skills, in which, none of us can do. Ain't that right, Dallas?”
Dallas did not answer, only fume in silence misery, turning to face the fake cave wall.
The huddle of angels softly chuckled and slowly shifted around the floor, forming a line, facing the shorter side wall in silence.
The fake cave measured 15 feet in height and 150 feet in length against the side wall displaying the dark mouth on the cave. On each side of the entrance hole, a set of scattered stones covered the fake brown tinted floor and glittered in silver tinted colors ten feet from away from the main opening. Each smooth stones possessed a unique cartoon-type, thick stick-drawing in the colors of bold red, black, brown, green, and orange crayons that represented cave-man art forms and symbols.
Tina moved ahead first towards the entrance hole, when a red tinted beam of light appeared on the ceiling planks and slapped down on the tile floor flinging off the heated pieces of hard stone a few inches from the floor. She halted with a gasp and slowly back stepped, pointing down at the red beam. “I don’t think we’re meant to enter that fake cave." The beam disappeared as each stone glowed in light. She squatted down and surveyed the rows of fake stones, "Do you see that? Do you the row of stones? Each stone contains a funny symbol. My angel sight can see the drawings but my angel brain cells do not recognize the symbols."
Lystra squatted and frowned at one of the stones. "Which angel knows how to read ancient angel code? And it is not me!”
“Hmm! That is not any type of angel code that I am familiar with. They symbols appears demonic shapes.” Xambree squatted down beside Angee and Jake studying each fake stone and the odd art work.
Dallas gasped in shock and then sneered, spinning around, jabbing a finger at the graceling. “This is a gift from archangel Metatron. One of you call him and find out what this angel code means, Gavreel or Angee?”
Gavreel nodded in silence and whipped out the newly purchased mobile telephone, fiddling with the buttons.
Argus stood in-between Bo and Dallas while studying the weird art work. “Snap each picture on every stone in order and then send it to Metatron, Cruiser. Get us some answers right now.”
Gavreel lifted the screen on the phone in front of his face and slowly snapped each piece of art work on every stone, moving down the wall without touching the stone or the wall.
Bo continued to stand in the angel line and tossed both of his arms in the air, nodding with a smile at the fake cave wall. “This is great! The hidden black stone from the house of Noah that holds the entire race of human sin is located right here inside a fake adult playground of plastic brown rocks and tan stones. We are done here angels and we will be back home in time for supper male.”
“This is more bull frog crap, Bo.” Dallas continued to stand and crossed both of his biceps over his shirt, looking back over his collar bone, spying on Mella and Drake. The young two teen humans sat behind the registration counter and chatted while watching the entrance door for the facility manager.
In front of the fake call on the side wall, Bo dropped down both of his arms and slapped his jeans with several head nods of happiness. “The answer is right now and right here, Dallas. Open your mind! Feel the victory! After we storm the cave, dug up the tomb, and save the living soul. Then we all go back home to heaven.”
“I wish.” Dallas returned back and frowned at the fake cave.
Gavreel reached the end of the wall and transmitted the demonic information back into heaven and inside the personal mobile telephone to archangel Metatron.
Ithanna continued to stand in the angel line and watched Gavreel, gasping in shock, whipping out her newly purchased mobile telephone. “Does this human communication devise really call up to heaven?” She looked down and back stepped from the angels, dialing on the screen, calling her mom in heaven. She lifted the phone into her eardrum and smiled at her mother's voice, softly telling her mother the Earth adventure, so far.
Gavreel continued to stand at the of the wall and then received back a text message, slowing spinning around, shouting out loud to each angel. “Thank you, sir! Okay! I got an answer. Based on all these childish draws and the angelic translated by archangel Metatron, this is a gift from Satan which is a golden key. We are to follow the trail that leads to a golden key which leads to Eve’s Tomb which reveals the secret location of the single living soul which had been captured by Crimson Tail and etc and etc ….”
Ithanna disconnected the personal telephone call on her new mobile telephone and then dashed ahead with a smile, slamming into the rear body on Jake, back stepping with a stern face. She stood beside him and listened to the angel conversation.
“Why would is the message be presented in a mystical demonic writing?” Xambree continued to study each art work.
Gavreel stopped and stood beside Argus while reading out loud each text message on the screen of his newly purchased mobile telephone, “This writing is a warning to the demons: do not touch the golden key.”
“Why can't a demon touch the key?” Angee continued to squat and studied each stone.
Tina, Lystra, Jake, and Xambree, shuffled around and stood behind Dallas, Bo, and Argus.
“It’s a celestial key. It’s a heavenly key. It’s a holy key.” Gavreel continued to read out loud each text message.
Ithanna bounced up and down with a smile. “I got it. That’s cool!”
“This new angel assignment is easy.” Lystra nodded with a smile and stood between Ithanna and Angee watching the older heavenly angels converse in secret.
Gavreel spun around and moved ahead, stopping at the first glowing stone, squatting down. He used the secret demon code from heaven and then encrypted secret message, reading the words out loud. “Easy, peasy. Pudding and pie, see the demonic demons…d…dive.”
“See the demonic demon die. You’re supposed to say the word die, because the word rhythms with the other word pie.” Lystra turned and stared at the row of stones with each cartoon-type human-stick drawing.
He continued to view the same words and nodded with a smile. “Easy peasy! Pudding and pie, see the demonic demons die,” he laughed with the younger angels.
“Hey there, honey pie! Ya’ll one by one are gonna die, after I have killed you dead,” a deep baritone timber shouted out loud coming from the top of the ceiling planks. Each angel spun around and gasped in shock. A red tinted demon lounged a few inches below the yellow tinted planks without a head of hair but two arms and two legs, wiggling his demon tail throughout the air waves, smiling down at each angel face.
Dallas looked up and smiled at the demon. “A southern demon, I be darned.”
Gavreel slowly stood upright and scooted to the next stone, slowly translating the words with a smile. “No! That doesn’t rhyme, Dallas. You’re reading the wrong…” He spun around and gasped at the descending demon coming down from the ceiling wooden planks, “… stone.”
Angee continued to stand and stared up at the descending demon with a sour frown. The demon slowly stood upright in the air and swished each one of its red tinted demon wings back and forth while whipping his golden tinted saber through the air wave, causing fear. She thumbed back over her collar bone at the row of stones. “Now, I know why Satan had used his mystical demon writing.”
“Why, Angee?” Xambree snarled at the drifting demon.
“He was warning us to stay away from here,” she gasped in fear.
The single demon quietly landed down on top of the hard tile and hissed at the semi-crooked row of heavenly angels. Then a row of red tinted demons appeared on top of the ceiling and swiftly landed beside their co-worker while hissing at the row of heavenly angels.
Dallas continued to stand and whipped out his angel steel, holding the weapon in front of his sneer. “Form up, angels! Warriors, go surround the perimeter. Messengers, skip ahead and translate that writing while we still busy here with our new school recess. Bo, go with them!”
Lystra turned and snarled at the nose profile on Dallas. “Don’t give me an order, Fallen-down- one.”
Argus growled at the demon but yelled at Lystra. “Do it, Lystra! O you will answering to me, later.”
Bo stepped ahead towards the demon and extended his arm protecting some of the gracelings behind his back spine, shouting out loud. “I’ll stay and fight the demon.”
“No, Bo!" Dallas frowned. " The babies can’t read any of the ancient Latin or Sumer language symbols, but you can. Go and find the next clue inside the interior walls of the fake cave, while the rest of us tidy up here with the line of stinky garbage. Tina, Ithanna, Angee, Gavreel, go and follow Bo!
Bo nodded with agreement and then back stepped from the row of snarling demons, spinning around, grabbing the arm on Tina. The named angels spun around and followed Bo to the fake cave entrance.
“Drake!” A loud tenor timber echoed from the ceiling planks and as an upright older male demon slowly descended down, showing his face, turning to wink at Drake and Mella. They hid behind the registration counter.
“Daniel.” Mella sneered in fury and pulled Drake behind her back spine, staring at the biological demon father of Drake.
Daniel halted in the air waves with a soft chuckle and turned to survey the semi-crooked row of heavenly angels in front of the fake cave wall. “Where are your southern manners, Drake? I do believe that a nice greeting is ordered here before each death act.”
Drake leaned over and jabbed a finger at Daniel, shouting out loud to each angel. “Ya’ll, do not come and meet my dead demon dad …”
“Dang! Say that really fast three times, bro!” Dallas laughed at the row of demons.
Argus, Xambree, Jake, and Lystra shifted ahead and formed a tight line beside Dallas for the angelic fight.
“Hush, Dallas!” Argus sneered the order and talked to the human girl. “Mella, this is not your fight. You and Drake stay put over there!”
Lystra turned and sneered at Mella. “She is a destroyer …”
“Not right now, Lystra.” Argus sneered at the row of demons while talking to the graceling.
Mella hugged Drake and sneered at Daniel. “Yeah, I had killed Daniel the first time, before he could harm Drake with his Beelzebub’s sword. Then I had given Drake my loving heart. So, Daniel, I, now, get to repeat my victory play and dance my boot heels on top of your dying flesh, darling.”
Argus sneered at the row of demons. “Mella, I really need to remind you here. You are not a destroyer angel anymore. You cannot perform an angel or a destroyer trick again. You are to stay there and protect Drake, since he is a human too.”
Daniel continued to sneer with laughter and finally landed down on top of the hard tile in front of the semi-crooked line of angels. “How wondrous for my selfish cause, Drake? I have been granted another whack at you, son.”
Mella shook her long black hair and hugged Drake. They slowly moved backwards into the wall corner within the shelter of the office space that resided behind the cashier’s counter.
“No fear!” Dallas bent both of his kneecaps and then launched up from the floor, hovering in the air for one millisecond as a true human male, not an angel. He landed down in front of Daniel and then tossed his angel weapon down onto the hard tile as it rattled side to side with a set of musical pings.
Daniel tilted his skull and pondered the young foolish angel. “Hmm! How positively quaint! An angel code of valor.” He bend down at his fitted waistline and bowed to Dallas, standing upright with a smile. “I will honor your angel code, son. Then I kill you and take my grand prize.” He tossed his saber down onto the hard tile floor but his weapon vanished in the air waves, lifting up both of his hands in the air and wiggled them sideways. Dallas frowned at the funny movement.
On top of the tile floor, behind the registration counter, Drake had absorbed all of the evil demon magic from his biological demon father. He gasped in pain and grabbed his chest, falling down on the floor. His body shook violently and as his skin started to turn pale white.
Dallas turned and gasped at the disappearance of Mella and Drake, hearing the gasping noises for breathes from dying human Drake.
In front of the pretend cave, Xambree stood in-between Jake and Argus and gasped in shock, stomping a boot toe towards the fight. “No! We can’t stand around while Dallas battles for us.”
Another set of demons appeared beside Daniel and created a long line of evil creatures. Lystra gasped in fear and pointed at the new row of demons. “Now, there is a small army of Daniel’s soldiers.”
“Now, it is time to dance with the devil, angels.” Xambree yelled out loud and lifted her angel sword over her silver tinted hair roots, racing ahead at the line of demons with Jake, Lystra, and Argus.
In front of the cave entrance, Bo shoved Gavreel first into the cave to find the clue and for protection from the experienced demons.

At 12:14 am, inside the cave walls, Gavreel bent down and slowly studied each wall, laughing out loud, “I sniff a whiff of freshly scented pine odor.”
A folded Bo shoved a folded Gavreel forward ahead and moved down deeper into the cave, shouting out loud in fury. “Stow it, Cruiser! Find that key, grab that key, so we can go and help out the other angels.” The group of angels followed behind Gavreel. Bo slowly spun around and whipped up his sword while guarding the rear end on the parade line.
Gavreel halted with a smile and leaned into the side wall, studying the yellow tinted symbols. “I have found more demonic writings. This particular one read: Lost Eden. The term Lost Eden describes forgetting to love each other while living in selfishness and un-pure desires here on the planet.”
Ithanna squatted down and scanned the walls with fear. “As a new human girl, I do believe that I am experiencing some un-pure desire of terror, fright, and downright fear.”
Bo swung around, moved ahead, and stopped, leaning down into the wall with confusion. “Hmm! This set of smooth stoned possess different markings.”
Ithanna leaned over and laughed with nervousness the side wall without understanding the line of colorful symbols. “Who among the gracelings have studied geology?”
“Not me!” Angee smiled and stared at each side wall with mystery.
Gavreel continued to scoot across the smooth floor and touched the wall studying each vertical black bar that was etched into the true gray tinted limestone rock. “I have found something. The slender bars are called a trigram that comes from Chinese divinatory. There exist 64 hexagrams with patterns of six broken and unbroken lines representing time.”
Bo slowly stood upright in a crouched form and moved ahead to the end of the line. “That's great, Cruiser. Just read them out loud or silently quickly, before something bad happens to us and them.”
Gavreel tilted his chin and studied the symbol. “Hmm! This is the math number of eighteen on the first bar broken which cut evenly in half.”
“What is the literally meaning of the first bar, man?”
“The translation reads inner turmoil and disharmony.” He scooted to the next bar. “The next stone bar translates into the math number of twenty that represents a series of passive verbs for contemplation, looking, observing, and confronting based on the first three solid bars and then the next three broken bars. The series of three is a lucky number …”
“...for rabbits ...” Bo growled. “Find another stone, Cruiser, preferably with all the solid bars intact while showing us the location of the holy key, so we can go back and save Drake and Dallas.” He spun around and sneered at the opening but was unable to see the fight.
Gavreel continued to crawl over the smooth floor and studied each stone, slowly translating the information. “I found it! The math number 55 represents the power of greatness. This translates into each human is surrounded by good fortune.”
Bo swung back around and smiled at the back spine on Gavreel. “And the stone surrenders the gift of …”

At 12:39 am, outside the fake cave, on top of the hard tile, Dallas continued to fight using both of his hands and some of his other body parts against demon Daniel as flowing blood proteins drained down from the set of broken nostrils on demon Daniel and the left ear hole on Dallas.
Dallas danced in the air and kicked out the heel on his cowboy boot up into Daniel's chest with a heavy grunt. Daniel flew from Dallas and smashed into the side wall breaking the red tinted plaster on the side and the baby climbing wall.
From the cave entrance, Bo appeared first and scooted to the side. Tina appeared next and scooted sideways, standing beside Bo. The other young angels quickly exited the fake cave and stood upright, slowly moving ahead, standing in the line with Argus, Lystra, Xambree, and Jake, who did not participate, but watched the fight.
Bo looked down and frowned at the hard tile that was covered in red dust, rubbing his boot toe over the surface with confusion. “Why is there red tinted dust out here all over the floor?”
“We dusted all the weakling demons. That is what remains from a destroyed demon tails. Daniel, their leader is about to puff next,” Argus smiled at Dallas. Dallas gracefully somersault his body backwards at the knee kick from Daniel. Daniel dropped his knee and chased after Dallas towards the rock wall, without tiring.
“Puff! Is that the best demonic descriptive adjective you can mustard out of your brain cells, Argus?” Xambree smiled at Dallas. Dallas stopped before reaching the line of angels and launched his fist and then the next one into the cheekbone on Daniel while bruising the cheekbone on the demon's pale tinted skin.
“What’s up?” Bo frowned at Dallas. “Why is, only, Dallas getting the beating of his body in here?”
“Because he is the fallen one.” Lystra smirked with laughter.
“Lystra!” Argus growled and watched Dallas.
“Dallas called out the angel code first, before any of us can spit out our mouth saliva.” Xambree nodded with a stern face and continued to watch Dallas.
Bo shook his curls and stared with worry at his friend. “He did. I know he was a snot-hole in theory, but not in application.”
“An honor makes one respectable, Bo.” Xambree smiled at Dallas.
“Thanks for reminding me, Xambree!” Bo whispered with worry. “Dallas.”
The next fist from Dallas hit the healthy earlobe on Daniel while drawing a plume of red blood that dripped down on Daniel's yellow tinted dress shirt.
Bo silently cheered for his friend. Angee and Gavreel emerged last from the fake cave and dashed ahead, stopping beside Bo. Angee slapped the back spine on Bo for attention.
“What did you find, Angee?” Bo turned with a whisper and squatted down on the floor, viewing an orange tinted cloth pouch which was uncovered inside the Chinese trigram number 55.
Angee whispered with a smile to Bo and Gavreel. “Right now, demon daddy Daniel radiates in selfishness and un-pure desires as his evil soul is attacking his biological human son Drake, since they are of the same body and blood. However, help has finally arrived. Magus had given me a pouch of his fairy gold dust for a very good cause.”
Lystra turned and snarled down at object. “You efforts in saving a fallen angel is not good enough cause for me.”
Argus growled at Dallas but talked to the graceling. “Lystra, let me explain something to you, later, once we are a team of angels again! But, for now, shut up!”
Angee nodded. “The fairy golden dust had been brought down from heaven to Planet Earth by Magus for the human race. But the human race had proved to be too immature. So, Magus had hid the key of purity. Pixie dust is colored in golden dust and represents the true heart, honest devotion, and pure love. All this information comes from my boss, archangel Metatron. Thanks, Boss!”
“Pure hate negates pure love. That is a brilliant finding, Angee.” Ithanna squatted down and smiled at her young friend.
Bo leaned over and rushed his command. "All right! Rush ahead! Hurry up and zap that nasty demon. Dallas ain’t winning this fighting round.”
Angee exhaled with worry, when a angel sword of silver steel appeared in front of her boot toes compliments of archangel Metatron. “This is the personal sword from angel Jophiel who had guarded the Tree of Life down here on Planet Earth. His flaming sword had prevented the return of all mankind, all beasts, and all fallen angels from touching the Tree of Life. Jophiel can’t come down here and fight this evil person, but his fiery sword can do it.”
“The fiery sword ain’t burning with a flaming fire, Angee.” Lystra squatted down and stared at the cold steel.
Argus spun around after hearing the information and stared down at the cold steel on the heavenly sword, “So you will douse all the un-pure desires with the devotion of pure love.”
Angee nodded with a smile and sprinkled a handful of golden dust from the red tinted pouch that twinkled underneath the rows of artificial overhead lights, gently blowing the gold over the steel. The sword quickly engulfed the entire blade emitting hot heat and tiny burning of sparks of red, blue, and yellow eruptions that flamed the silver metal.
"Wow! That's an awesome angel trick!" Tina smiled.
On top of the floor, demon Daniel stopped fighting on Dallas and slowly back stepped, feeling the heated flames from the heavenly sword, scanning the room.
Bo reached over and grabbed the sword from the floor, standing upright, facing Dallas. “I’ll toss the sword to Dallas.” He arched the flaming sword backwards and then pitched the weapon through the air, shouting out loud. “Dallas!”
From the ceiling, a row of demons appeared and dropped down to assist their master Daniel as the flying sword sliced through each naked throat. Each demon exploded into a plume of pretty red dust bunnies falling down, decorating the hard tiles.
Dallas could feel the heat on his back spine and leaped up from the floor, grabbing the hilt on the descending heavenly sword.
Daniel stopped and wiggled one of his hand, producing Beelzebub’s golden saber blade, pitching up the weapon in the air. He caught the weapon by the jeweled hilt and then swiftly attacked Dallas. The two weapons nosily clash like a set of musical cymbals producing a musical ring tone throughout the air. Daniel sneered. “No more angle code, Dallas.”
“But more demon dust down on the floor, Danny boy.” Dallas sliced the sword at the naked throat on Daniel.
Daniel jerked back from the glowing metal and slammed his golden saber through the air waves as the two weapons crossed and held in place. Dallas shoved hard and pushed back the saber blade into the naked throat on Daniel while sneering at the evil creature.
Within the semi-crooked angel line that continued to watch the fight, graceling Gavreel slowly stood upright from the floor and watched the pile of tiny bits of golden dust linger in the air. The pile of golden dust slowly floated on top of an invisible pathway exposing a thick thread of rope moving in a straight line towards the rock wall. He screamed out loud and pointed at the rock wall. “It's over here! The real holy key is over there.”
Ithanna slowly stood upright and turned with a gasp to see the rock wall. “Is the holy key inside the rock wall, Cruiser?”
“Look over here! Don't you see it? I see it as plain as a sunny day! The dusty trail of gold is blazing each mineral towards the holy key that resides on top of the rock wall. This is the gift of archangel Metatron, who is my angel boss. I must climb up the tall rock wall and then reach the holy key which will solve the location of the stolen living soul baby. I can do that. I am born to do this. I am a message angel. The floating gold dust is drifting straight towards a spot on the tall rock wall. That's....that is the location of the holy key. I know it. I can feel it. I can see a tiny glow from the golden tinted hidden holy key!” He turned and dashed ahead with laughter waving both of his arms in the air, racing towards the rock wall and then halted. He lifted up and placed each cupped hand and each boot toe into one of the embedded holes, slowly moving each limb up to the next set of holes, carefully scaling the hard plastic rock wall towards the heavenly key.
On top of the floor within the row of angels, angel leader Argus turned and gasped in worry viewing the back spine on Gavreel. "No, Cruiser! Stop your climb! Come back to the group! We will get the heavenly key after vanquishing the demons. Cruiser, come back right now!” He stood in place and stared at the rock wall, looking over at Dallas, looking back over his collar bone to at the registration counter without seeing the two human teens Mella and Drake. Drake was dying on top of the floor from Daniel's evil poison. Mella was beside Drake and helpless to stop the evil magic that consumed her human boyfriend.
“I’m stuck. I can't move. What is happening to me?” On top of the floor, within the semi-crooked row of angels, graceling Lystra screamed out loud and could not move her legs, looking down at the floor, standing like a concrete statue.
“What is this new angel trick?” Tina stood frozen on the top of the hard tile also and waved both of her arms in the air, shouting out loud in fear.
“This is some type of angel magic. But where is the angel magic coming from?” Ithanna bounced her kneecaps up and down but could not shift her two boot heels in the air while standing frozen on top of the dirty hard tile floor.
“We are inside a Crimson Tail flight wake.” Argus was frozen in place and looked up with a gasp, jabbing a finger at a former guardian angel with a set of painted blood-red tail tips in crimson color. She was walking upside on top of the ceiling. Argus nodded. “Do you see here on top of the ceiling? She possesses a set of unique angel powers down here on the Earth plane than us.”
“We need to go and help Dallas.” Bo was frozen on the tile floor and sneered at Daniel as Dallas and Daniel continued to fight to the death.
The mobile telephone on Lystra started to blast out a new musical song which was entitled We Are Family. The musical song had been recorded by the musical group Sister Sledge in year 1977.
“We are family. I got all my sisters with me. We are family. Get up everybody and sing …”
“... and stop her …” Xambree was frozen in place and jabbed a finger at the Crimson Tail on the ceiling as Jam continued to hang upside down and smiled down at each frozen angel pondering a massive death killing.
“We are family. I got all my sisters with me. We are family. Get up everybody and sing. Everyone can see we're together as we walk by. Hey! And we fl just like birds of a feather. I won't tell no lie. All! All the people around us they say. Can they be that close. Just let me state for the record. We're giving love in a family dose...”
Jake was frozen in place and bend down, staring at the heavenly creature. “Who is she?”
“Jam.” A new tenor voice echoed from the open archway down on the floor. Each angel turned and gasped at the new heavenly angel.
Jam displayed a pair of dull, scratched white tinted hiking boots, a torn, dirty white tinted, long-sleeved tee shirt over her bruised and cut pink tinted skin tissue, and a pair of torn, dirty white tinted jeans which was her official fighting gear of a Crimson Tail. She stored her angel sword inside a white tinted leather long pouch on her back spine and halted on top of the ceiling in an upside pose while impatiently waiting for the new angel.
Chase entered the new facility and leaped up from the floor, hovering in the air, slowly spinning upright down and settled both of his foot on top of the ceiling while smiling at Jam. He did not strike but admired the delicate finger painting job of pink wild roses with short four-leaves and green stems that was etched from tip to shoulder of her white battle vest using her magical finger nails.
On top of the floor, within the row of angels, death angel Jake was still frozen over the floor and studied the Crimson Tail on top of the ceiling planks. “Jam! Her nickname is jam like in strawberry jelly.
Argus was still frozen over the floor too and studied the Crimson Tail on top of the ceiling planks. "Each one of us is stuck in her Crimson Tail angel wing wake like a set of sea waves as she starts and then end her angel battle with her selected angel opponent. One of the many advantages that a Crimson Tail had inherited as a new set of demon talents from their leader Satan, who still resides here on Planet Earth, not up in heaven.”
“My sister.” Chase nodded to his biological sister and as his two eyeballs stared with sadness down at the bottom layer of her tail feathers which were painted in bright red which meant that Jam had killed a few heavenly guardian angels and captured a living soul baby from each dead life angel also. He had been assigned to kill his evil biological angel sister, but his pressure had been too great. Each time they had encounter each other, her Crimson Tail angel magic had overpowered his innate heavenly angel powers while creating a stalemate or a draw or a checkmate from their battle engagement.
Thus, Jam was still allowed to roam free and harm another living form, but a human one. The Source would send down an army of tough archangels and quickly destroy the solo pesky Crimson Tail into nothingness.
Inside the Bama Fun Center, on top of the hard floor, Xambree was still frozen in place and gasped in horror, pointing at the Crimson Tail. “The Crimson Tail is his biological angel sister. She had lost her human ward, which was one of the living souls coming down from heaven that had been escorted by a life angel also.”
Argus turned his attention and watched the back spine on Gavreel. Gavreel was free from the Crimson Tail wake and slowly climbing the rock wall, moving upwards towards the heavenly key that glittered in gold hue from the overhead artificial bright lamps. He smiled. “Cruiser is the only angel among us that is still free. We only need the heavenly key. Then we can fulfill our angel mission and finally go back home. The Crimson Tail is not our concern. Another heavenly angel has been assigned to kill the thing.”
Ithanna turned and frowned at the Crimson Tail and then the heavenly angel, who both hung down from the ceiling like a pair of white tinted bats. "But I thought archangel Michael told us that Crimson Tail cannot take a living soul baby anymore. There is a cease or a truce or a nothingness, so no other angel can become harmed or hurt by a Crimson Tail now."
"Yes, you are correct, Ithanna. However, each Crimson Tail is still loose, fancy free with a set of strange and unique angel powers that continue to roam the Earth planet along with the humans. Yet, a Crimson Tail cannot harm a human, but one can still hurt a heavenly angel or a nasty demon or an attacking alien life form."
“There’s no try here, only die, Argus.” Bo shouted out loud. “Dallas?”
“Yo!” Dallas continued to battle with Daniel on top of the floor.
Bo nodded. “Hurry up with your death kill, over there, buddy. All the other angels need some help over here.”
“I'm coming!” Dallas retreated backwards from Daniel and sliced his blade at the kneecap on the demon and missed the body part, cussing out loud. Then the two weapons smashed and sparked in flames.
On top of the rock wall, Gavreel continued to scale the fake tan colored hard plastic rock wall using both of his cupped hands and both of his boot toes, slowly heading to the top of the wall, seeing the glow from the hidden heavenly key, smiling at his victory.
Jam slowly roamed over the ceiling in her upside down pose and then shifted away from the heavenly angel, slowly padding towards the graceling with a smile of curiosity.
On top of the floor, Tina was still frozen to the floor and turned to spy on Gavreel. “Why is Cruiser fancy free from the sticky floor and flying up the rock wall, Argus?”
“I do not know.” Argus returned back and watched Gavreel with worry.
On top of the floor, Daniel squatted down and lifted his blade over his knee first, then to his thigh up to his armpit and then even with his collar bone while sneering at Dallas. Dallas followed the intersected blades and then tumbled backwards, falling down on top of the hard floor surface in a spread-eagle pose with a loud grunt of pain. His flaming sword dropped from his hand and hit the hard tile.
On top of the rock wall, Gavreel reached the top with a smile and then clung to the rock material with one cupped hand, whipping out his angel sword with a sneer, slicing through the air waves at Jam.
Jam continued to stand upside down on top of the ceiling with a smile and slowly advanced towards Gavreel while ignoring her brother and swung her blade sideways at the entrapped graceling.
Gavreel slowly back stepped over the rock wall and continued to whip his blade up and down, when the tip on her stained angel steel cut into his arm bicep. He released his sword in pain and screamed out loud in fear. Then the falling tip of his sword stabbed down into his boot toe.
Jam laughed out loud and reached out, stabbing the tip on her sword into the rib cage between the third and fourth bones while piercing his healthy lung. Gavreel released his hold from the edge of the rock wall and then slid down at his kneecaps. Jam pitched her sword into the air as it hung from her angel powers. She reached over and captured the head on Gavreel twisting his naked neck muscles sideways as Gavreel hung helplessly in the air waves without aid.
From the mobile telephone inside the battle vest on Bo, the new musical tune and words entitled Renegade blasted loudly from the tiny speaker and echoed throughout the facility room.
“Hangman is coming down from the gallows and I don’t have very long. O Mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law. Law man has put an end to my running and I'm so far from my home. The jig is up, the new is out. They finally found me. The renegade who had it made, retrieved for a bounty. Never more to go astray. This'll be the end today of the wanted man …” 
The musical song entitled Renegade had been recorded by the musical rock and roll band Styx in the year 1979.
On top of the floor, Dallas slowly back pedaled over the dirty floor on top of his back spine and thrust out his fighting arm, finding nothing on top of the tile. The sword was gone. Daniel rushed ahead with a sneer and held his saber over his black tinted hair roots. Dallas dropped his hand down into the interior of his cowboy boot retrieving his hidden dagger, jerking the weapon near his face. He reached out and stabbed into the tender heart organ on Daniel with a loud sneer, jerking the beating organ back into the air waves. He laughed out loud with his fatal victory.
Daniel rushed backwards over the tile and released his saber. Then Daniel and his saber disappeared from the air waves inside the Bama Fun Center.
Dallas swiftly stood upright and spun around, gasping at the rock wall, standing in place as his boot soles were frozen down on the floor. Gavreel hung by the air waves in death.
“Cruiser!” Tina was still frozen down on the floor and yelled out loud in fear.
“Is he okay?” Ithanna was still frozen down on the floor also and shouted out loud in worry.
“I don’t think so.” Lystra shook her long darks braids with worry.
“Another angel, go and save Cruiser! I can't move my feet. Save him, right now!” Angee twisted her upper body side to side and screamed with her sad tears, yelling out loud for help.
Xambree continued to stand on top of tile and hollered out loud, extending her hand to the side. The flaming sword lifted up from the floor and flew into the open palm on Xambree. Her feet shifted forward and were released from the Crimson Tail wake. Xambree raced ahead and lifted the flaming sword over her hair roots, sneering in fury. “Kill her!” She leaped up from the tile floor, soared five feet through the air waves and then slammed into her body into hard rock wall with a heavy grunt. She tossed back her bone skull and shook the dizziness from her brain cells, slowly climbing up the rock wall with a sneer, viewing the Crimson Tail.
Jam released the broken bone skull on Gavreel and back stepped with laughter, sniffing the air waves, scanning each wall. She looked down and gasped in shock at the moving death angel, snatching her floating sword, back stepping over the ceiling with a smile.
“Get her! Xambree, get her!” Jake was still frozen on top of the floor and wiggled his upper body, shouting out loud with encouragement towards his girlfriend.
“Keep going, Xambree! Keep going and get Cruiser.” Tina wiggled her upper body in fear and shouted out loud in worry.
Bo gasped at shock and stared at the back spine on Xambree, turning to see the nose profile on Argus. "Is the Crimson Tail really going to take on a death angel?"
Argus continued to stare at the Crimson Tail. “Jam has been a Crimson Tail renegade for a few months now. She once had been a very young ..”
“... and stupid angel …” he frowned. “No angel or human or alien or demon or beast can handle a deather. No smart life form would dare to miff off a death angel either.”
Xambree stopped and stood at the half-way mark on the tall rock wall and gasped in shock, shouting out loud with fear, wiggling her upper body only. “I am glued down again onto the wall. My legs and my feet are stick on the wall. I…I can’t help Cruiser. I…I’m stuck.”
Jam laughed out loud and then slowly walked over the smooth wooden planks towards her next angel victim, slicing her sword sideways at the hair roots on the deather.
On top of the ceiling, her angel brother Chase slowly walked ahead on top of the ceiling and whispered out loud for each pair of angel eardrums to hear. “Jam is learning.”
On top of the floor, Argus was still frozen and gasped in alarm. “Xambree is stuck in the Crimson Tail wake again. Xambree, toss the sword to another angel. The sword will free the angel for the fight.”
Xambree quickly calmed her panic as the air waves whisked with the slice from the Jam's sword and pulled both of her arms into the center of her chest, holding the flaming sword in front of her chest while feeling the heated flames without burning her angel body. She tossed the sword upward in the air for the next angel.
“Come to me, sword of Jophiel!” Jake was still frozen down on the floor and extended his arm, wiggling his fingers, calling out to the sword. The sword dropped down and twirled around, landing down in the cupped hand on Jake. He wiggled both of his boot soles from the invisible glue and raced ahead with a sneer at the dangerous Crimson Tail, leaping up from the floor, soaring ten feet through the air waves. He slammed his face into the hard rock wall with a loud grunt and then used both one hand and two boot toes, leaping up into three holes, and then jumped up into the next set of holes. He slowly climbed ahead and then reached Xambree, hugging her body, whipping the flaming sword in the air.
Jam continued to walk across the ceiling and dance her sword through the air waves, aiming the sharp tip of her blade at the blonde tinted and then sliver tinted hair roots on each deather. But she was too high in the air while standing upside down on top of the ceiling and was missing her two victims.
On top of the ceiling, far away from his sister, Chase continued to slowly walk across the ceiling towards the Crimson Tail, whispering to all eardrums. “Okay. Maybe, she is a little too slow.” He stared at the one-sided angel action.
“Jake, climb up further and finally kill that Crimson Tail  into nothingness. Xambree is safe right there on the side of the rock wall. Go and get that girl, boy!” Argus wiggled his upper body parts in the air and shouted out his command orders.
On the rock wall, death angel Jake leaned over and kissed her cheekbone with love, pulling back, climbing over the glued body of Xambree, moving a few feet on the rock wall with a sneer at the roaming Crimson Tail.
Jam halted with a gasp and studied the second death angel with curiosity.
“Jam.” Chase whispered and stared at his sister.
On the rock wall, Jake leaped up the wall, soared five feet through the air waves, and landed hard with a loud thump on a new part of the hard plastic, grunting in pain, lifting up his boot toe. He yelled out loud in fury. “Hey! I’m stuck. I can’t move my two feet. I now am trapped here on the rock wall too.” He dropped the flaming sword from his cupped hand.
"Come to me!" Lystra wiggled her upper body and lifted up both of her arms in the air as the sword hit her open palm. She wrapped her fingers around the smooth jewel hilt and shuffled her feet loose from the floor, laughing out loud with a joy. "I’m freed.” She danced ahead with a smile.
Argus was still frozen down onto the floor and spun around as far as his tight waistline could stretch without seeing the graceling, yelling out his angel commands. “Go and kill the evil angel, Lystra.”
Lystra stopped her dance steps with a gasp and spun around, sneering at the registration counter with a grin. “Yeah, that's a very good point, Argus. I will help and destroy her …”
“Go and fight against the demon first, Lystra, before I get freed and then whip your butthole.” Argus wiggled his upper body sideways and shouted out loud with angry at the graceling.
She turned and sneered at the back spine on Dallas. “O really! You command me to help a fallen angel and then save a destroyer angel. You are nuts, Argus. Let the demon do his job!” Lystra laughed out loud with approval.
Ithanna was still frozen down on top of the floor and wiggled her upper body, shouting and pointing at her friend in angry and fury. “You are useless as a warrior angel, Lystra. Get up there and whack that Crimson Tail into death, before I get freed from my spot by the flaming sword and then I will bleed you all by myself first.”
Lystra spun around and sneered at her friend, returning back, looking up with a grin at the dancing Crimson Tail, who still hung upside down on top of the ceiling. She leaped up from the floor using some of her limited angel reserve pack, soared through the air waves, landing sideways a few inches from the top of the 100 feet high ceiling.
Jam gasped in shock at the true angel skills and sliced her blade sideways while missing the bone skull on Lystra.
Lystra slowly walked upwards and padded across the rock wall, stomping her boot toe onto the ceiling, posing upside down also. She stared with a grin at the evil Crimson Tail and lifted up her sword with her fighting hand beside her sneer, flipping her free hand at Jam for the angel challenge.
Jam charged with sneers of angry and rotated her blade in a circle in the air at the arrogant graceling angel.
Lystra calmly leaned down and rolled to the side, standing upright, charging ahead at the angel, slicing her blade sideways in the air. She barely missing Jam and then stopped a few inches from the hard rock wall without busting her nose bridge, sneering in defeat.
Jam jumped sideways from the warrior's flying blade and then slammed backwards into the wall that was covered in tan colored hard plastic, slowly sliding down the rock wall, shaking her brain cells back into reality. She slowly stood upright and attached her feet sideways on the rock wall while sneered at the talented graceling. Lystra laughed out loud with victory and bowed down to the dizzy Crimson Tail in humor, standing upright and attacked sideways onto the rock wall.
Jam jumped from the rock wall with a sneer and sliced her blade sideways at the face on the young warrior angel. Lystra leaped from the rock wall with a growl and sliced her angel blade also, flying directly into the face on the Crimson Tail. The two weapons collided first producing a harmonious loud tone of musical notes and then a small plume of fiery colorful sparks that turned into an drifting array of black tinted smoke signals.
The two weapons did not part but continued to spark and as the two fighting angels did not bend but sneered at each other, slowly spinning down in a complete circle while trying to kill each other.
On top of the dirty red tinted hard tile floor, each angel was still glued down to the face and as each worried face watched the fighting action.
On top of the ceiling in an upside down pose, her brother Chase continued to slowly walk over the smooth wooden planks while feeling his continuous pain and suffering, jabbing his finger and softly yelled at his biological sister in fury. “Jam!”
Jam slowly spun with her sizzling blade and holding Lystra at bay while slowly completing a half circle. Then she darted her eyeballs and winked at her biological brother.
Chase frowned at her face. “You are an evil creature, Jam. You continued to harm all baby souls and angel souls. Your turn is…”
"... now ..." Lystra gasped at the fight mistake and quickly pulled back her sword with her body, hovering in the air without a pair of wings using more of her limited angel reserve pack. Jam gasped in shock and returned back to see Lystra, stumbling in a forward motion.
Lystra lifted up her flaming sword above her dark tinted hair roots with a sneer and then swiftly dropped down the blade, slicing the forearm on Jam through the bone. Jam's arm fell off from the limb and as her blood proteins spilled out and dripped from the cut limb quickly morphing into a drifting pile of yellow tinted dust angel dust.
Lystra quickly pulled back with laughter at the dying Crimson Tail and then swiftly dropped down with Earth's gravity, landing back down on top of the hard floor on her back spine with a loud grunt. She collapsed into exhaustion and closed her eyelashes while feeling the girly human pain. The flaming sword had done its job of fighting evil once again and hit the hard floor, vanishing into the thin air, returning back to angel Jophiel.
Below the ceiling planks, on the side of the rock wall, the dying Crimson Tail body on the former guardian angel Jam slowly rotated in a circle within the smooth air currents and as her body slowly morphed into a flood of pretty yellow tinted angel dust particles that floated in the air waves and then burned into nothingness. The morph process had started at her arm and moved across her chest consuming one side of her rib cage, then her waistline while rushing down her lower body. In a few more seconds, former guardian angel and current Crimson Tail would become no more.
Her bone skull and brain matter were still intact and as her two eyeballs looked down and stared at the semi-crooked row of heavenly angels. Each angel was still frozen down on the tile floor by her Crimson Tail wake, until her entire body had been morphed into a pile of pretty yellow tinted angel dust and become part of the universe foreverly.
Her parted lips opened and laughed out loud, “Argus!” Her fighting hand still held her angel weapon. She released her blood-stained steel that was coated with precious angel blood from her cupped hand and as she laughed out loud with venous revenge for each heavenly angel. The blood-stained tip on her sword dropped down with Earth gravity and targeted the black tinted hair roots on Gavreel first and as each angel face looked up and stared at the flying weapon with anticipated horror.
The tip slammed down into the exposed throat on Gavreel first. Then his entire body exploded into an array of yellow tinted angel dust as his heavenly soul had died from the broken neck. Now, this human bio shell would burn and become part of the universe.
Angee screamed in tears of sadness and sorrow staring at the array of yellow tined angel dust that had been her current boyfriend and future angel husband.
The tip of the blade continued to fall with the help of Earth gravity and targeted the blonde tinted hair roots on Argus and as each angel face watched in helpless horror.
“No!” Dallas screamed in panic and leaped up from the floor, hovering in the air waves, exploding out his pair of baby blue angel wings in the air current using his small amount of angel reserve pack. He swiftly accelerated towards the flying weapon with worry.
On top of the floor, Ithanna was still frozen down the floor and gasped in shock, reaching out, stealing the red pouch from her friend Angee, who was upset and crying about her dead angel boyfriend. Ithanna bent down and tossed the pouch of fairy dust in the air towards the flying sword. The pouch hit its height trajectory and then dropped down with gravity too, opening the lip, spilling out all the golden dust in the air waves. The dust gently collided with the air waves, the blade on the sword, and the body of Dallas.
Dallas reached out and cuddled the sword, missing the hilt. The tip slammed down into his leg. he screamed in pain and dropped down with Earth gravity towards the floor.
The Crimson Tail completed morphed into a pile of yellow tinted angel dust. Then the particles of dust swiftly burned into nothingness.
From the air, Dallas hit the floor with a soft thump and a loud grunt, cuddling the weapon, shouting out loud in pain. “It hurts.”
“Dallas!” Bo yelled out loud in fear and was freed from the Crimson Tail wake, rushing ahead, sliding own over the dirty floor into Dallas.
Dallas grunted out loud from the body collision and wiggled side to side, lifting up his two eyelids, gasping with a smile. “I’m dead. I see heaven. Fudge it! I see Bo’s fugly, ugly face. O! I'm not dead. Why am I not be dead, Bo?”
Ithanna appeared and slid into Dallas also, leaning over with her smile, wiping off some of the golden dust from his sour face. “O! I just happened to possess a magic bag of Magus’ pixie dust, Dallas. I tossed the entire bag in the air and then the golden pixie dust hit the air waves, the sword, and  your body. I saved your life, Dallas."
"Bo!" Dallas grunted with a sour frown.
"You're welcome, Dallas!" Ithanna stood upright with a smile and spun around with giggles, moving back to her group of graceling friends and to comfort her friend Angee.
Bo laughed with a nod. “Well, I guess the group of baby angels are not a group of baby angels anymore.
"Fudge that! Help me up, man!"
Bo frowned, "You're out of angel shape, man.”
“Then you get to fight the next redneck hick demon for the defeat. How's that plan, bro?” Dallas smiled up at Bo. Bo stood upright and extended his hand, assisting Dallas to stand upright.
A new musical tune and words entitled You Give Love a Bad Name blasted out loud coming from the mobile telephone on Lystra. The song had been recorded by the musical group Bon Jovi in the year 1986.
“Shot through the heart and you’re too blame, darling, you give love a bad name. An angel's smile is what you sell. You promise me heaven, then put me through hell. Chains of love, got a hold on me, when passion's a prison, you can't break free. Whoa! You're a loaded gun. Yeah, whoa! There's nowhere to run. No one can save, the damage is done …”
Ithanna joined her graceling friends and wrapped both of her arms around an upset and crying Angee, looking up and scanned each mobile telephone on each battle vest. “Whose mobile telephone is playing that song?”
“Drake!” Mella screamed out loud from behind the counter and standing upright, pointing at the wall.
Ithanna released her friend Angee and spun around, dashing ahead towards the entrance wall to help.
The first group of angels including Dallas, Bo, and Argus raced across the room and arrived in front of the counter, seeing a floating demon Daniel, who hovered in the air twenty feet above the floor with an open hole in his chest cavity, where his pumping heart used to stay. He carried a curved wooden bow arch minus the arrow. Dallas, Bo and Argus stopped and stood in a row in silence.
Dallas stood in shock and pointed at Daniel. "Wait! Whoa! I got him. I killed him. He vanished from my eyeballs.”
On the rock wall, Jake and Xambree wiggled each body part from the rock wall, after the Crimson Tail had morphed into angel dust. Both of them spun around and gasped at the floating demon Daniel behind the registration counter. Jake returned back and scanned the rock wall, finding a tiny glow, the heavenly key. He slowly climbed the wall towards the key.
Xambree exploded out her silver tinted angel wings using more of her angel reserve pack and then gently floated off the rock wall, leaving Jake, flying through the air waves. She gently landed down beside Dallas and frowned at the demon. “Yeah, you got him, Dallas. Yeah, you jerked his beating heart right out from of his chest, isn't that right, Dallas?”
He nodded and stared at Daniel. “Yeah.”
“A demon does not possess a heart, Dallas.” Bo leaned over and whispered into the eardrum on Dallas, standing upright, staring down at a dead Drake in sadness also.
Dallas gasped in shock and then started a soft string of human curse words as he had been gone too long as a heavenly angel from heaven and lived too long down here as a fallen angel on Planet Earth.
Argus exhaled with sorrow and silently prayed over the human bio-shell, nodding with a sad face. “Shot through the heart with a hateful demon arrow. Human teenager Drake is now dead.”
On top of the floor, Mella leaned over with her tears and shook the still body. Drake continued to lie on the floor with an upright arrow pointing up from his heart organ within his chest cavity without breathing and turning dark blue in hue. She continued to scream in fear and worry. “Drake, stay with me! Please, stay with me here on the planet! Please don’t go! Please don’t leave me! Please come back and stay with me,” she leaned over and sobbed with pain and sorrow.
Ithanna appeared and slammed into Argus, scooting behind him, staring down at a dead Drake.
Argus reached over and extended his open palm, “Ithanna, please, give Mella some of the golden pixie dust to pour over her husband.”
“Mella and Drake are married.” Lystra appeared and stood beside Ithanna whispering for her eardrums only.
Jake retrieved the heavenly key that appeared like a regular door key in glittering gold and released his hand and both of his boot toes from the rock wall using some of his angel reserve pack lie the other angels, flying down, landing beside Lystra. He whipped out his newly purchased mobile telephone and tapped on the screen with confusion. “I do not hear a new musical song.”
“Amen to that concept!” Xambree back stepped with a sour frown from the line and spun around, scooting to Jake, cuddling with him. They moved away from the other angels. Jake presented the heavenly key and whispered to each other.
On top of the floor beside Argus, Ithanna gasped in shock. "I...I used the entire pouch of pixie powder to save Dallas, Argus. I am sorry. Will the pixie dust bring Drake back to life? I did not know the pixie dust could do that."
Argus shook his curls. "No. The pixie dust cannot bring a living soul back down into a dead human bio-shell, only the act of reincarnation, once it has been approved by the Source. The dust is ..."
"... on me ..." Dallas exhaled with sorrow and shuffled ahead, moving around the counter edge, squatting down beside dead human Drake, shaking all of the golden pixie dust from tee shirt over the dead human male.
Mella sat back and continued to sob with confusion, staring down at the blue colored body. "Where will Drake go? Where is Drake now?”
He wiped more of the golden dust from his tee shirt and body parts over a dead Drake, “Drake has gone to some place where is it nice and peaceful, Mella.”
She sobbed down at dead Drake. “Will I ever see Drake, again, in this nice place, Dallas?”
“No, doll!” He finished depositing off the pixie dust from his human body and stood upright, leaning down, assisting Mella to stand. He cuddled her and slowly back stepped from the dead body.
Drake quickly morphed into a thick pile of yellow tinted angel dust. Each dust particle burned in the air and then disappeared from the room leaving nothingness on top of the floor.
The mobile telephone in the rear pocket on Mella started blasting out a new musical song which was entitled Up, Up Away. The musical song had been recorded by the musical group Fifth Dimension in the year 1967.
"Would you like to ride in my beautiful balloon. Would you like to ride in my beautiful balloon. We could float among the stars together, you and I, for we can fly. We can fly up, up and away my beautiful, my beautiful balloon. The world's a nicer place in my beautiful balloon. It wears a nicer face in my beautiful balloon. We can sing a song and sail along the silver sky for we can fly, we can fly up, up and away...
On top of the floor inside the rock wall facility, in front of the registration counter, Ithanna whipped out her mobile telephone and sneered down at the dark screen. “I don’t understand why we need to bother to carry around a mobile telephone from Satan. Each musical song starts to blast out over each one of the wall speakers and out from the selected mobile telephone speaker.”
Dallas cuddled with Mella, slowly moving pass the semi-crooked row of angels, sneering with fury at Satan. “Let’s finish our angel assignment down here on Earth and get back home to heaven,” he led the other angels toward the glass doors.
The other angels slowly shuffle around and form up in pairs or along.
Tina and Bo cuddled together and spun around following behind the back spine on Dallas and Mella. Xambree and Jake scooted around and followed behind Tina and Bo. Lystra leaned over and hugged her friend Angee, who continued to cry and sob with the loss of her angel guy.
Chase moved beside Ithanna following behind the back spine on Lystra and Angee in silence.
Argus stood in place with a sour frown and stared down at the clean tiles, where his human friend Drake had been a dead body and then had morphed into a pile of yellow tinted angel dust, looking up at the ceiling, which was clean and clear of demons and Crimson Tails. He sneered at wooden planks. "Why! Why did the living soul of human Drake need to die out of existence along with the living angel soul of Gavreel? I do not understand any of this, Dad. And you cannot communication back to me either. I do understand that. But, after I have finished my angel assignment, I have lots of questions for you, Dad." He spun around with a sour frown and exited the facility, slowly pacing behind the rows of angels for protection and annoyance of the failed angel assignment, so far.
His mobile telephone blasted out a new musical tune and words which was entitled Crumblin' Down.
"Some people ain't no damn good. You can't trust them, you can't love them. No good deed goes unpunished. And I don't mind being their whipping boy. I've had that pleasure for years and years. No. No. I never was a sinner. Tell what else can I do. Second best is what you get until you learn to bend the rules. And time respects no person. What you lift up must fall. They're waiting outside to claim my tumblin' walls. Saw my picture in the paper. Read the news around my face. And now some people don't want to treat me the same. When the walls come tumblin' down. When the walls come crumblin' crumblin'. When the walls come tumblin' tumblin' down....
The musical song Crumblin' Down had been recorded by the solo musical artist John Cougar Mellencamp in the year 1983.
At 01:01 pm, inside the mall setting, on top of the long and wide corridor, among the crowd of humans, Argus continued to slowly pace away from the Bama Fun Center and followed the rows of angels while listening to the new musical song, when a light breeze hit his face and gently tickled his curls. Then a loud boom sound echoed from within the Bama Fun Center. He slid to a halt with a gasp and spun around, gasping in fear.
The rest of the angels slid to a halt also and then spun around, gasping at the destruction, watching the damage. Some of the humans swung around and screamed out loud, running away from the exterior tumbling wall.
On the exterior wall of the Bama Fun Center made of three rows of shiny glass windows and an entrance of double glass doors. Three glass windows and the set of doors had been blown off the wooden hinges as the smashed particles had fallen down into the interior hard tiles. Then a series of loud booms and bangs sounded from within the rock wall facility. The exterior wall row of painted letters crumbled one at a time and then tumbled back one at a time down into the four interior walls of the facility first.
On top of the floor, Argus started to run backwards and slammed into the back spine on Chase, dragging the angel with him, shouting out loud to the other angels. "Get outta of the way! Get outta of here! Get away from the building. Go! Run ahead!" He spun around and cuddled Ithanna, running her with his quick pace. The rest of the angels quickly spun around and raced away from the building, running toward the end of the long fourth floor hallway with the other humans while hearing each human scream in fear and panic.
Inside the Bama Fun Center, the rest of the four interior walls echoed with loud sounds of crashes, tings, pings, booms, bangs, bongs, and dings as the three walls crumbled down, tumbling down on the floor level. Then the entire room dropped down and settled in the basement floor.
Dallas led the running angels and some scared rushing humans racing around each upright frightened human body and every upright metal vendor kart, heading towards the end of the hallway with a gigantic poster of orange and blue tiger. He slammed into the wall and bent down, exhaling and then inhaled with fresh air molecules, looking up with a smile. He did not hear the musical song anymore and strutted into the Men's Bathroom to refresh his temporary unclean human body.
Normally, an angel did not feel the need to eat or drink or pee or poop or wash their body. However, Dallas, like the other angels, were a set of human teen boys and girls that required all of the human functions.
Each angel pair or single angel slowed their pace and then stopped, standing in front of the rear wall with the colorful tiger face that held an open mouth of white painted fangs which was silently growling at the group of stationary heavenly angels.
Argus released Ithanna during his run and rushed ahead, calling out loud, "Mella!” He stopped and huddled with Mella, whispering into her face. Mella panted in deep breathes as a human girl, without talking back to Argus.
Bo and Tina stopped, without cuddling, exhaling in a series of sour breaths of human air feeling sweat fear, frustration, and fright.
Ithanna, Chase, Angee, and Lystra stopped and formed a loose circle, exhaling in a set of sour breathes also without talking, scanning the new environment.
Jake and Xambree slowly paced and stopped a few feet from each graceling. Both of them exhaled with a series of human breathes also.
Dallas reappeared with a smile from the bathroom facility and slowly scooted around each angel, pointing at the bathroom facility. "You are either a human boy or a human girl. I know that you know that you need to go!" He chuckled. "The girls are on the right, in the right, and always right, even as an angel," he winked at Ithanna. She giggled. "The boys are on the left, in the left, and always left out, but not as an angel," he stopped with laughter and slapped the bicep on Jake. Jake turned and nodded with laughter back to Dallas.
Xambree gasped in shock and reached over, slamming the other bicep on Jake in fury. Jake continued to chuckle with Dallas.
Dallas spun around to face the group of angels and chucked, pointing at each side wall. "So, everyone, go and do your human business while we wait for another clue from that nasty evil son of a gun Satan." Each angel split apart and entered into the proper bathroom facility, performing the human requirement.
Dallas stood alone in front of the silent growling tiger and looked up, growling back at the painted image, whipping out his newly purchased mobile telephone. He looked down with a sour frown and tapped on the dark screen, without seeing the bright light, lifting the screen up and in front of his sneer, softly speaking into the dead screen. "Listen to me, ya son of a bitch! I know you can hear me through this dead human device, Satan. Because, you and I are both super powerful and supernatural creatures of the day and the night. And I do not know your personal evil agenda; but I do know your personal evil plan. You plan to kill each one of the heavenly angels. Well, I must break your cold, hard, black heart and pop your girly soft pink bubble, because I am here on the angel mission, too, with all of my heavenly friends. You know me as I know you. So, lay off all of my heavenly friends and grow a pair of hairy balls and come after me. Then, you and I can dance the last bloody tango as one creature of the night," he laughed out loud and then dropped the mobile telephone down on the tile, smashing the human device with his boot heel while sneering in angry and fury at the two innocent deaths.
At 01:26 pm, from the girl's bathroom facility, graceling Ithanna dashed ahead and cuddled her mobile telephone, hearing the new musical song, stopping beside Dallas.
Dallas looked down and stared at the light screen hearing the words also.
The new musical tune and words entitled Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap was blasting out from the speaker on her phone.
"Dirty deeds, done dirt cheap. Dirty deeds, done dirt cheap. Dirt deeds, done dirt cheap. Dirty deeds and they're done dirt cheap. Dirty deeds and they're done dirt cheap. If you're having trouble with the high school head, he's giving you the blues. You want to graduate but not in his bed. Here's what you gotta do. Pick up the home. I'm always home. Call me any time. Just ring 36 24 36, hey, I lead a life of crime..."
The rest of the angels exited out from the appropriate bathroom facilities and then gathered around Dallas and Ithanna listening to the words from the new musical song that highlighted the new clue from Satan.
"Dirty deeds, done dirt cheap. Dirty deeds, done dirt cheap. Dirt deeds, done dirt cheap. Dirty deeds and they're done dirt cheap. Dirty deeds and they're done dirt cheap. You got problems in your life of love. You got a broken heart. He's double dealing with your best friend that's when the teardrops start, fella. I'm here alone. Or make a social call. Come right in. Forget about him. We'll have ourselves a ball. Dirty deeds, done dirt cheap. Dirty deeds, done dirt cheap. Dirt deeds, done dirt cheap. Dirty deeds and they're done dirt cheap. Dirty deeds and they're done dirt cheap...
The new musical tune and words entitled Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap had been recorded by the Australian rock band entitled AC/DC in the year 1976.
Bo nodded. “There is it! We have a new clue from Satan. The new musical song contains a code word which is dirt.”
Dallas shook his bone skull. “We just left a pile of dirt in front of the fake cave inside the missing Bama Fun Center with fake rock wall setting. So, we are to go back and find a pile of dirt..."
Ithanna stood beside Lystra and frowned down at the light screen on the singing telephone. "No. We do not go backward. We are to go forward. And there was not a pile of fake or real dirt inside or outside that fake cave. This is a trick clue coming from Satan.”
Argus stood beside Ithanna and nodded with a stern face. "I agree with Ithanna. Good advice, Ithanna! We go forward, not backwards."
Tina nodded with a stern face. "So, the clue is to find another pile of dirt. So, where is there a pile of dirt located here inside a human mall which is filled with all of human-made objects? Where is..?" She gasped in shock and softly said. "I am so sorry."
Jake stood beside Xambree and held her hand, back stepping from the huddle, nodding to the angels. "Me and Xam will go and find another vendor directory here inside the mall. There could be a dirt playground for the kids or something like that. We'll be back. Don't go forward without us!" He spun around and raced ahead with Xambree, moving back down the fourth floor hallway, searching for the item.
Inside the huddle, Dallas continued to stand and looked up, scanning each wall, talking out loud. “Dirt! Where is there a small pile of earth dirt here inside the mall? Maybe, there is a tiny pile of dirt on the floor. There is a tiny pile of dirt inside the automobile parking lot. There are some clay pots with dirt over by the wall that holds some fake flowers. Or there is a tiny pile of dirt on each bricked step…”
“Let the brains of the angel team think for a second, fallen angel.” Lystra stood beside Dallas and looked up sneering up at super tall and super muscular angel without fear.
Dallas looked down at the short, young graceling and laughed out loud. "Bo!"
Bo smiled. "Be quiet, Dallas!"
Xambree and Jake had been quick with their investigation. They bounced back into the huddle. Jake continued to hold Xambree's hand and shook his bone skull to Argus. “No! The mall directory does not reference the word or the subject of dirt or clay or soil. So, the mystery is still a mystery.”
Ithanna nodded. “In the human musical song, the noun rock did not represent a real mineral earth rock. The rock was only a figurative object. So, maybe, the word dirt is also figurative of a figurative place which is located here inside the mall of humans.”
Angee continued to whip off each sad tears for her dead boyfriend on her red-tinted face and croaked out her suggestion, “If the word dirt is not a plot of real earth dirt, then the word dirt is something brown in color or course in texture or related to the flat plane like on the ground or grass.”
Tina nodded with a smile. “Yeah, Angee has a great idea. We need to find another definition for the word dirt. So, we all should split up...”
“No!” Dallas and Argus both shouted out loud at the same and turned to see each other.
Argus returned back with a stern face and nodded to each face. “No! We are too stick together come hell or heaven or high water. We don’t know exactly what is going to happen next and we want it to happen to all of us. So, we need to watch out for each other. Ain't that right, Lystra?” He turned and growled down at the shorter, younger warrior angel.
Dallas laughed and elbowed Lystra. “Yup! That's right, Argus!"
Argus back stepped from the huddle and dashed ahead, slamming into the rear wall, pulling back. This wall is real. We are at the end of the hallway with the destroyed store. But this mall space contains three levels of floor space with hundreds of other business stores. I am going to leave the group and scout off the third floor level..."
"...not without a death angel, Argus. You are the team leader and we are a team. You need some angel protection as Satan has released his demon army on us." Xambree back stepped with Jake and scooted around the huddle, moving ahead towards Argus.
Argus nodded and commanded the other angels. "All right! Jake, Xambree, and I are going to race down the third floor and see if we happen to stumble upon some dirt, real or fake. Each one of you go hang down at the ground floor. Nothing happens on the ground floor," he laughed and spun around, gasping in shock. Jake and Xambree had already left the fourth floor racing down the next level while searching for a pile of dirt, without Argus.
Argus rushed down each concrete step and shouted out loud at the back spine on Jake and then Xambree. "Hey, kids! I lead. I'm leader," he disappeared down the staircase still shouting at the two gracelings.
Dallas chuckled and moved ahead, passing each angel, pointing at the same set of concrete steps, nodding with a stern face. “We can protect this exit end point from something or something watching or waiting for us while they search for the pile of dirt on the other two floors. Get marching, angels!"
Chase and Ithanna took the lead and slowly moved down each step.
Bo and Tina moved ahead and passed Dallas, climbing down the steps. “Cruiser is dead. Drake is dead.” She softly moaned while feeling sadness in her heart during her new angel assignment, cuddling into the chest on Bo.
Angee and Lystra slowly strolled together and whispered to each other.
Dallas took the rear end and spun around, walking backwards while scanning the upper level for an unnatural enemy. He spun around and slowly climbed down each step feeling the depth of sad emotions coming from each young graceling. The team of young and mature angels had been thrust together with a single purpose by archangel Michael. Dallas hit the level floor and sneered at the older angels in heaven, slowly moving ahead, scanning each wall.
This part of the third level floor had been abandoned by all of the business vendor stores. The area was covered with individual gigantic paper posters. Large sections on the long concrete wall contained dull multi-colored paint with groups of human people and domestic animal images.
The other angels stopped and sat down on the floor softly talking about the rough morning while expressing their individual human emotions to each other.
Dallas continued to scout ahead and acted an angel protector for the small group of gracelings, listening out for any troublemakers, seeing an empty hallway as far as his pair of human eyeballs could view. He spun around and spied on the group of gracelings with a slight smile. Each angel appeared more relaxed and confident, except for Angee. Angee continued to wipe off each tear of sadness from the dead of her boyfriend angel Gavreel.

At 01:51 pm, a loud sound echoed from the other end in the long hallway and then permeated towards the end of the rear wall. Dallas gasped in shock and spun around with a worried brow, narrowing his two eyelashes at an empty hallway, whipping out his angel sword. He slowly padded ahead with concern. Each angel looked up and gasped at the back spine on Dallas, darting a pair of eyeballs down into the long hallway, slowly standing upright. Each one whipped out their angel sword and readied for a new angel fight with a new enemy.
In the far distance, a loud sound of running footsteps bombarded the air waves and then a pair of upright figures rushed ahead towards Dallas and the group of stationary angels.
Dallas scooted into the middle of the empty hallway and lifted the sword in front of his chest, readying for the anticipated attack from the unknown enemies, when a pair of upright figures dashed in-between his upright body. He spun around with a gasp and stared at the back spine on Jake first and then Xambree, sneering at the stupid game, dropping down his blade.
On the rear wall, Jake had been racing with his girlfriend Xambree in a foot race, not a wing race, reaching the end of the hallway first, slamming into the gigantic fifty-foot high rear wall for fun, without injury to his human body. He pulled back and laughed out loud with the fun event while examining the wall.
Xambree stopped and stood a few feet from the rear wall, laughing at her silly boyfriend.
Dallas moved ahead with a growl and pointed at each angel, stopping inside a line of angels. "What in the hell were ya'll doing?"
Xambree spun around and winked at Dallas with a smile. "Racing."
"Where in the hell have you been?"
"Scouting."
"What in the hell did you find?"
"Nothing!"
"Where in the hell is Argus?"
"Yo!" Argus performed at angel speed from the end of the business store and then appeared, standing a few feet behind Dallas, reaching out and slapped his cupped hand on top of the collar bone on Dallas.
Dallas jumped a few inches in surprise up from the hard concrete floor and spun around in the air, landing back down, sneering at Argus. Argus and the other angels laughed out loud at silly Dallas.
Argus parked both of his cupped hands on top of his belt and nodded with a stern face to each angel face. "Well, we have returned and we have find nothing in the form or format of dirt or clay or soil on the upper floor levels of first, second, and third. So, we are back to the beginning and clueless with the new clue from Satan."
Lystra nodded with a smile. "Is the mobile telephone devise going to change the musical song next?" The phone inside Ithanna's cupped hand continued to play the musical tune and words to Dirty Deeds Done Dirty Cheap over and over again.
He frowned. "I do not know, Lystra. If the current musical tune and words stops, then we might receive a new one from Satan with a better clue."
On the rear wall, Jake pointed at a series of colorful paper posters behind a long glass display with a smile. "This is a traveling science showcase for any and all upcoming young high school scientists. The traveling science showcase features a science exhibition of runes.” He spun around with a smile and thumbed back over his collar bone at the poster. “An ancient rune contains a tiny pile of real dirt, Argus.”
Dallas rolled his two eyeballs and returned back, staring at Argus. "A rune is letter or a symbol on a small or large rock stone that comprises a Germanic alphabet for an ancient confusing written language that no earthling can understand, before the sweet creation of the Latin language and letters."
Jake spun back around with a grin and pointed at each poster lecturing to Dallas and the other angels. “The origin of the word rune means a whisper or secret. Divination within a rune is attributed by the two Paleolithic tribes, who had crossed into the continent of Europe, before the Ice Age event. And they had come together and produced a combination of symbols and signs which here in the modern times had been located and displayed within a variety of cave paintings. Yeah, there is a secret in here and hidden inside one of the runes, Argus. We need to find the traveling exhibition and invade the place, searching for the new clue from Satan.”
“Is that really fiction or fact, deather?” Lystra shuffled ahead and stopped, parking both of her fists on her belt, studying the first poster behind the glass display.
“That is a fact, warrior angel.” Jake smiled at the poster.
The other angels spun around and stopped, standing a few feet from Jake and the rear wall.
Dallas did not move from his spot but continued to stand, smiling at the colorful poster on the rear wall while debating with smart-hole newbie death angel Jake. “An ancient rune was a rock structure tall or short with letters. Then the idea caught fire within the simple mind of man and woman-kind an Anglo-Saxon fighting warriors creating a Runic alphabet, so the ancient human warrior had learned to grunt in 43 different sounds,” he laughed out loud at his lousy joke.
Jake frowned at the poster. "You're wrong, Dallas."
"All right! The ancient human learned to grunt in twenty-six sounds. Thus, the creation of the American alphabet." He laughed again and slapped his kneecap, bending down at his fit waistline, chuckling out loud with humor.
Jake spun around and nodded to Argus, the true leader of the angel. "Dallas is right. The creation of the ancient rune stones aided in the development of vocal human language throughout the world. Present day, right now and right here, a field of rune stones is found mostly in northern foreign countries throughout the continent of Europe. With the permission of each foreign government, some of the well-preserved ancient rune stones have been extracted from their home land and are traveling around the world to education the human race. One of the traveling exhibition science showcases is located right here in Birmingham inside the mall. Back then centuries ago, each new piece of rock had to chiseled out by human hand and simple metal tool with the new rune alphabet and then planted down in the earth. Now, for the traveling tour, each displayed rune stone had to be dug up from the ground and displayed on top of a table which will contain a tiny pile of earth dirt.”
“Dirt!” Argus gasped in shock.
"Dirt." Dallas looked up and frowned at Jake.
Jake nodded with a smile. "There is a traveling rune stone exhibition which is located somewhere here within the mall campus. This is the new clue to the new musical song."
Each angel spun around with a smile and stared down at the long hallway while hearing some of the tiny voices from the individual humans on the opposite end.
Lystra narrowed her two eyelashes and studied the wall. "Where? Where is the traveling exhibition located at, Jake?"
Jake spun around and studied the poster. "It does not say the exact location of the traveling exhibition show with the rune stone."
"Wait!" Ithanna turned and frowned at the nose profile on Xambree. "You and Jake and Argus just came from that direction with the humans and the other human stores. Did you see a window of stones? Or did you see a line of humans going into an exhibition?"
Xambree continued to stare into the long hallway without seeing a human but hearing their voices. "No. I didn't see a window of stones. That weird exhibition would be hard to miss, even as a human female."
Argus frowned down at the long hallway. "We are missing something here."
"The rune stones," Dallas laughed.
Jake slapped both hands onto the solid concrete wall in frustration and shifted forward, gasping in shock. He stood upright and watched the wall. A tall and wide section of the rear wall slowly creaked and shifted sideways, revealing a long dark tunnel. He shouted out loud with a stern face of worry. "Guys! I found something over here." Each angel spun around and gasped in shock.
The rear wall section stopped with a loud boom and revealed a dark tunnel.
Argus plowed through the huddle of angels first and stopped at the edge of the dark tunnel, whipping out his angel sword in the air for any new attack, narrowing his two eyelashes. His eyeballs could not see beyond the darkness. He exhaled with worry and shouted out loud to each angel, "All right! I will go inside first ..."
"Thank you, Lord!" Dallas looked up and talked to the ceiling planks, folding his two hands into a prayer triangle formation with a smile. "I get to go last, after every angel is cut into shreds."
Bo reached over and slapped the bicep on Dallas. "Shut up, Dallas!" He released Tina's hand and whipped out his sword, slowly moving ahead, shoving each graceling behind Argus into the dark tunnel.
Argus entered first into the dark tunnel with a stern face and slowly moved ahead a few feet from the opening, when an array of overhead artificial lamps illuminated the tunnel. He stopped and turned to see a side wall with a glass partition and then smiled, shouting out the new information to the line of angels. "The dark tunnel is part of the admission tunnel for each human. I am standing beside an admission booth without the clerk. This is okay, ya'll. I am venturing further into the tunnel and can see a very large exhibition room, which is brightly lit for our footsteps also." He slowly moved ahead with caution always as the team of angels was his personal responsibly as the angel leader, entering into the large exhibition room first again.
Each graceling slowly moved ahead through the lighted tunnel and continued to hold their weapon in case of a surprise attack, entering the large exhibition room in silence.
In front of the rear wall, Dallas entered next and then stopped, turning to see the glass partition, smiling at his reflection in the glass. "How much is the entrance fee, Argus?"
Mella moved behind Dallas without worry but with human curiosity as she continued to travel with the angel group in case of any human assistance like her dead husband Drake had done for his friend Argus.
Bo entered last and guarded the rear end on each angel, leaning around Mella, slamming his free fist into the back spine on Dallas. He pulled back from Mella and sneered at the rear skull on Dallas. "The admission is free as no money, this time, angel. Move inside the room, Dallas!"
"O!" Dallas turned with a chuckle and swiftly moved down the rest of the hallway, entering the room, slowly padding around the large space.
Argus stood in the corner wall and greeted each angel with a silence nod, reaching out, grabbing Mella by the arm. He gently spun her around and assisted Mella to sit down in a long sitting bench which was used for a proud parent or elderly grandparent to sit and watch their child play inside the large room.
Inside the exhibition room, each wall displayed a painted picture with a field of short green tinted grass, a pale blue sky without a single cloud, a tall grove of forest trees in the background and a single flat-top red tinted earth mound in the center of the portrait without a single glass window that showed the bright sunshine or row of white fluffy clouds or the groves of tall trees.
A few feet from each painted wall, a six feet long by six feet wide by four feet high square-shaped block in true red tinted earth dirt sat on top of a low piece of black painted wooden platform, without a sign.
Each angel slowly scooted around the room and viewed each wall, the tiny block of dirt, and then spun around, shuffling into each other in silence.
Jake moved with Xambree and held her hand, slowly padding around the large room, frowning at the small exhibition with confusion. "This is not the rune stone exhibition inside the room."
"This is a set of three mini-duplications from one of the flat-top earth mounds that reside in the countryside town of Moundville here in the great State of Alabama. The ancient Indian site is 800 years old and occupied 325 acres of landscape. Each one of the true earth mounds had been used to store ancient dead Native American Indians as their personal lawn graveyards containing ancestral spirits too. This block of dirt has been hauled out from the town of Moundville for current traveling science showcase. The informational is posted on a printed sign at the entrance way. And this traveling exhibition is not open to the humans yet. The rune stone traveling exhibition showcase must have left town last week or last month or last year. The mall management has not updated the posters inside the glass display as this new Native American Indian mound exhibition is not yet open to angels, either," he chuckled.
Ithanna continued to scoot around the space and study each wall and mound. "So, why are the angel standing right here, right now?"
Dallas frowned. "And I hate to repeat myself here. But there is something hidden inside here.”
Argus stood beside Mella at the wall intersection and watched over each angel. “We are here and present based on the educated guess by Jake. Good job, Jake! There are four mini-mounds. Break into four teams and stood in front of a mini-mound, dropping down on your kneecaps and dig with your two naked hands down into the soft earth dirt, searching for the black stone and finally the location of Eve's Tomb with the hidden living baby soul. Then we can all go back home to heaven,” he watched the group of angels.
Chase, Lystra, Ithanna, and Angee gathered within a loose huddle in the middle of the room and decided to work together, spinning around to face one of the three tiny mini-mounds. They shuffled ahead towards the opposite long wall from the entrance wall and then split apart, standing in front of each square-shaped side as a new angel team.
Bo and Tina strolled ahead hand-in-hand towards the side wall with a second mini-mound. Jake and Xambree joined Bo and Tina forming a second angel team.
In the wall corner of the entrance wall and the other side wall, Argus turned and nodded to Mella. She continued to sit on top of the long bench and looked up, nodding back to Argus that she was okay sitting here while the team of angels continued their angel mission. Argus looked up and scooted ahead frowning at the back spine on Dallas. “I don’t sense any danger here, Dallas. Do you sense any danger here, Bo?”
“Naw!” Bo stopped with Tina and then squatted down in front of the mini-mound, staring at the object.
Dallas slowly padded across the wooden floor, scanning each wall, the ceiling, the floor, and each mound with his delicate angel senses, informing each angel. “I do feel something in here, bro.”
Bo continued to squat beside Tina and spoke with a sour frown to Dallas. “Don’t start your belly aching, again, Dallas!”
Argus stopped in front of the entrance wall with the last mini-mound, shouting out loud to Dallas. "Dallas, get over here with me. You and I are forming the last angel team. We need to search through this block of dirt. Time to get your hands dirty, buddy," he laughed and squatted down. Dallas frowned in annoyance and slowly spun around, moving ahead toward Argus to finish this long and crumbly angel assignment.
On the side wall with the second mini-mound that was shared with Bo and Tina, Xambree stood on the opposite side of Jake and slowly squatted down, staring at the block of dirt. Jake leaned over and wiggled both of his hands in the air with laughter, slowly dropping down both of his hands down into the neat block of dirt, when his kneecaps shook side to side. He tumbled to the side and yelled out loud first. "This is an unbelievable historical event, ya'll. Metro city of Birmingham is experiencing a series of very low impact vibrations from an earthquake. If I remember my Bama history correctly, an earthquake had been felt in the Earth years in 1978 and 2004 and 2010.”
From the mobile telephone inside Jake's rear pocket, a new musical song entitled Shake Your Booty which had been recorded by the musical band KC and the Sunshine Band in the year 1976.
“Shake, shake, shake. Shake, shake, shake. Shake your booty. Shake your booty…”
“Shake your butthole, yeah, shake your butthole!” Dallas wiggled his butthole and then wobbled side to side from the shaking wooden floor falling down on his kneecaps, laughing out loud. He watched each angel tumble sideways and hit the floor and each mini-mound wiggled the dirt from the platform onto each angle and the floor also.
“Why is there an earthquake here right now?” Tina gasped in alert and continued to wobble over the floor out of control.
“The mounds!” Bo sat upright on his palms and kneecaps, slowly crawling to the mound of dirt, shouting out loud. "Get on top of the mound of dirt for safety!"
Dallas slowly stood half-way upright and wobbled side to side, waving both of his arms side to side, shouting out the warning, “No! No! No, Bo. This damn earth dirt is really holy ground for the Native American Indians only. We are not a group of Native American Indians, who have been granted powers from Mother Nature here on Planet Earth. We are only angels and powerful in heaven, not here on Earth. Lie down on the floor for safety! This should pass, too," he laughed out loud and dropped down, resting on top of the dirty floor.
Each angel dropped down beside a mini-mound and rested on top of the floor, exhaling with fear. The floor stopped shaking side to side. Each one slowly stood upright and shared a hug with their significant other or their heavenly friend, pulling back, smiling at the calm environment. Then each pair of eyeballs noted that one of the mini-mound on the side wall was still wiggling side to side, spilling the dirt on top of the floor.
Each angel continued to stare and slowly approached the mini-mound and then stopped, forming a loose circle of curiosity in silence.
A smooth white tinted smoke signal slowly floated up from a different mini-mound of red tinted dirt on the entrance wall in the air and formed into a vertically, airy shape. The airy shaped drifted ahead and stopped, standing behind the rear skull on graceling angel Ithanna.
Lystra stood beside her friend and felt the cold air, turning with a gasp, grabbing the arm on Ithanna, “Look out, Ithanna!”
“Look up, Ithanna!” Angee turned and gasped in alert, pointing with a shaky finger at the swirling shape which was quickly developing into a humanoid form in front of her eyeballs.
Ithanna quickly danced with Lystra and spun around, facing the humanoid form in the air. The rest of the angels quickly shuffled around and gathered behind Lystra and Ithanna, staring at the new phenomena.
The newly purchased pink tinted mobile telephone in the rear pocket of the jeans on Tina blasted out a new musical tune and words which was entitled Bad Medicine. The musical tune and words had been recorded by the musical group Bon Jovi in the year 1988.
“Your love is like bad medicine. Bad medicine is what is need. Shake it you, just like bad medicine. There ain't no doctor that can cure my disease. I ain't got a fever got a permanent disease. It'll take more than a doctor to prescribe a remedy. I got lots of money but it isn't what I need. Gonna take more than a shot to get this poison out of me. I got all the symptoms count them 1,2,3. First you need. That's what you get for falling in love. Then you bleed. You get a little but it's never enough on your knees. That's what you get for falling in love. And, now, this boy's addicted cause your kiss is the drug..."
A upright figure molded into a tall, thin male displaying a head of brown colored hair, a tone of pale colored skin, and a pair of brown colored eyeballs standing about six feet and three inches in height. The male exhibited a pair of torn and ratty brown tinted robes that covered all of his limbs in pale hue and looked down with a wink at Ithanna. “Ah! I see the answer. You are the daughter of the Patron of Healing, little angel girl; but you do not appear with facial features like your biological angel dad Raphael.”
Ithanna back stepped from the cursed and bound spirit. “Well, I favor my mother. And how are you acquainted with my dad archangel Raphael?”
Azazel frowned down at Ithanna. “Your angel dad Raphael had bind my living soul by burying my physical body underneath a huge boulder rock in a dry, arid desert place here on Planet Earth leaving me here, all alone and without any fun and pretty company.” He gasped in air. “Now, you are here with me, pretty child.”
“Meet Azazel, angles! Azazel current resides underneath numerous layers of hard rocks in the arid desert sands, Ithanna. But I am at a loss of how or why Azazel is here.” Argus shuffled ahead and stood beside Lystra, pointing with a stern face at the cursed spirit.
Azazel slapped his chest as and his hand went through his ghostly body through the other side, giggling out loud with the tickling sensation, pulling out his hand. He wiggled both of them near his smile. "Well, that is my doing, angels! I cannot leave my rock home, but I can move my rock literally by jumping the mineral up in the air and then down on top of the ground. Then my rock home will literally jump up in the air and move ahead down over the ground until I find a new spot for my rock home."
Jake frowned. "That is simply an incredible feat by a living rock and a living spirit to accomplish, dude! How did you happen to land right here and right now in metro city Birmingham inside a traveling exhibition showcase?"
He smiled. "I was told to move my rock and end my long trip from the dry desert sands within the US State of sunny Arizona to the smooth and cool countryside in Moundville within the US State of Alabama, a quiet and quaint plot of red dirt resting my soul and my rock home. Then, one day, a big beautiful white tinted machine came and scooped up my section of dirt with my little tiny rock home and dumped me down here. However, the humans have been very kind and very sweet and gently, shaping the dirt into a block square with style and air-conditioning vents. I admit I am so comfortable here..."
Dallas frowned at Asasel, "Who told you to move your a ..."
"Dallas!" Bo frowned.
Dallas sneered. "Who ordered you to move your asset, the rock home here in Alabama, Asasel?"
Azazel pointed with a wink at Dallas. "You know!"
He growled. "No, I do not know."
"Yes, you know, too."
"No, I do not know, too."
Azazel smiled and jabbed a ghostly finger at Dallas and then each angel, "Of course, you know too and two and three and four..."
"Enough!" Argus sneered and dropped his hand down inside the sheath, whipping out his angel sword and growled at Azazel. “Do not interfere or intervene with him, angels!”
Ithanna grinned and reached down, whipping out her angel sword in front of her smile. “Then I shall finish the celestial job by blinding thy back down into the earth soil and underneath a newer and bigger rock boulder, spirit.”
Dallas slowly moved ahead and stopped, standing beside Argus within the same row with Ithanna and Lystra, shaking both of his hands, staring at Azazel. “Do not touch him, Ithanna. The curse is reverse by the presence of the child.” He turned and smiled at Argus. “More of my vast Angeldom knowledge, snot-hole.”
Azazel slowly floated ahead in the air wave and danced towards Ithanna. She back stepped away from the messy block of dirt and away from the spirit. “My dad archangel Raphael is also the Patron of the Blind ..."
"... and he is that particular archangel of happy joyful social meetings, healing medical nurses, healing medical physicians, and protector all human travelers here on Planet Earth. His personal Feast Day is celebrated by the human race on the date of twenty-ninth in the month of September along with any parlor tricks that can come from his only angel child. However, I do believe this day is Thursday and the date is the eighteen in the month of August, sweet tart.”
“He’s right, Ithanna. You, as the only child of archangel Raphael, do possess some of his awesome archangel powers; but you cannot wand that particular archangel magic only on the date of the feast ceremony on the twenty-nine of September,” Argus sneered at the spirit.
Angee slowly strolled ahead with a smile and stood beside Ithanna, lifting both of her hands, smirking at Azazel. “Well, I can help you out right here and right now, Ithanna. I am the only child of archangel Uriel. He is the Patron of Windmills. I can access his awesome archangel powers at any time of day or night or rain or snow and I can carry all of us backward within any past Earth time to the date of twenty-ninth in the month of September. Then you can do your thing with the nasty demon, Ithanna.”
"What!" Ithanna, Azazel and some of the gracelings shouted out loud with the same word, all at the same time. Ithanna turned and stared at her friend. The other angels gasped in shock and stared at the rear skull on Angee, who stood on the front row beside Ithanna, Lystra, Argus, and Dallas.
Angee slowly spun around and nodded to each angel face. "My mother is a messenger angel. She wanted me to become one, not a life angel. Okay!" She completed the circle and smiled at the spirit.
Dallas turned and winked to Argus. "I knew that."
Argus turned and smiled back at Dallas. "And I knew that also."
“So, I have in my eye sight the daughter of the Patron of Salvation and Peace. How unlucky can a cursed spirit become?” Asasel sneered at the young graceling.
“You, sir, are one silly and cursed demon. All angels, stand in place. Do not move but you can breathe. I am going to show you the power of archangel Uriel,” Angee dropped both of her hands and slapped her jeans, slowly starting to twirl in a slow circle on her two boot heels, completing the first rotation. She slowly lifted up both of her arms within the personal dance and continued to swirl into a faster circle, gathering up all the air currents, chanting the angel spell. "I am the angel over magic, devotion, and sudden changes. I call upon the Winds of Change to return only the creatures here inside this Earth room back to the date of September, the twenty-nine." She continued to swirl in a series of completed circles and rotated at the speed of light appearing like a mini-tornado in bright yellow hue. Each wall inside the human exhibition room slowly peeled off the bright paint from the landscape portrait and then became a bare solid concrete wall without an image.
Each angel stood in place and slightly titled from the sudden wind shifts inside the enclosed room without a single glass window. The entrance door rattled and then slammed shut. The spilled dirt on the floor wiggled sideways and then floated in the air, returning back into its mound home appearing like a nice block of dirt. The overhead lamps blinked on and off several times during her wind dance.
Mella stood upright inside the wall corner and watched the strange heavenly event with a smile.
On top of the floor, Angee continued to whirl and chanted to the heavens. "I am the angel over magic, devotion, and sudden changes. I call upon the Winds of Change to return only the creatures here inside this Earth room back to the date of September, the twenty-nine." She stopped and winked at Asasel, reaching over without a dizzy headache and slammed the arm on Ithanna with a set of giggles. "Now, the date and the time stands in the month of September on the date of twenty-ninth, the Feast Day of Raphael, Ithanna. Do your thing, girlfriend!”
On top of the clean wooden floor, in the front row with Angee, Lystra, Argus, and Dallas, Ithanna looked up at the ceiling with a smile and yelled out loud into the heavenly plane. “Daddy, hit me!” A large oversized golden tinted ring magical appeared and stood in the air below the ceiling tiles.
On the second row of angels, Tina stood beside Bo, Jake, Xambree, and Chase and stared at the magical ring on the ceiling with a smile while sniffing the air waves. Her human and angel senses detected aromas from the fresh dirt soil, human body sweat, and the strong flora perfume coming from human girl Mella, who sat in the wall corner out of the way and watched the team of angels. Then her nostrils encountered a tart, sour burnt smell within the enclosed room. She studied Azazel and concluded that a spirit did not possess an odor and then scanned her two eyeballs around the room for the new find, slowly spinning around with a gasp.
On the rear wall, in front of the messy block of dirt, on top of the clear wooden floor a larger enclosed circle in bright red, yellow, and blue fire was burning each one of the wooden planks as each burnt plank dropped down into the basement setting inside the mall campus. An upright figure leaped up from the open hole and hovered a few feet in the air waves.
“Morgan!” Tina yelled out loud with alert and pointed at the familiar girl.
Morgan was a dead human girl and the current demon princess that lived down in fire hell. She displayed  a head of long brown tinted hair with natural gold highlights, an oval face of tawny tanned skin, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs within a set of doe-shaped eye sockets. She exhibited a petite height of five feet and three inches on a pair of short legs, a tiny waistline, wearing red tinted sleeveless blouse with a matching mini-skirt and a pair of matching knee boots, holding her personal red tinted mobile telephone in her eardrum. She winked at Tina. "O! Did you call me, Tina? Well, I'm here in flesh and blood and bone now."
From the second angel line, Tina growled in fury and whipped out her angel sword, leaping up from the floor. “She’s mine!”
The rest of the row of angels spun around and gasped in shock, whipping out an angel sword for the fight with the demon princess.
"No!" The air-born spirit Asasel floated upright in the air, in front of the entrance wall, on top of the messy mound of red dirt, and then looked up with a gasp of fear, yelling out loud. Then he dropped down his arms and looked down, flinging his two arms with a sneer at Ithanna.
She did not move but continued the angel chant. The magical ring drew closer down through the empty air waves towards the hair roots on Asasel.
“No!” Dallas spun around and sneered at demon princess Morgan, exploding out his pair of angel wings using more of his limited angel reserve pack, sliding sideways and halted at the back spine on Angee whipping out his angel sword and protecting the graceling from any demon harm.
On the rear wall, the dead human teenage female and the current demon princess Morgan raced ahead over the smooth floor with her evil laughter and wiggled both of her red tinted palms with numerous pusses of white tinted blisters in the air while readying to touch graceling angel Ithanna and interrupting the binding ritual which would released Asasel from his curse. Then nasty demon Asasel could create and cause harm to the entire human race.
On the front wall, “Come here to me, my precious!” Ithanna stood in place without breaking the angel spell and posed behind a protective Dallas, tossing both of her arms in the air, wiggling her fingers with a smile. She called for the gigantic ring on the ceiling like an old friend. The ring slowly floated down from the ceiling tiles and targeted the messy block of dirt mound with the air-born spirit. She continued to chant the angel spell. “A magical ring brought forth by archangel Raphael to bind the nasty demon. Come here to me, my precious!” She watched and waited for the gigantic glittering golden tinted ring to travel down through the empty air waves and continued to chant the angel spell. “A magical ring brought forth by archangel Raphael to bind the nasty demon. Come here to me, my precious! Come down from the heavens and light the bright flame of fire that may bind the nasty demon forever in the rock layers.”
On the rear wall, Tina descended and flew down from the air waves targeting demon Morgan, whipping her angel blade side to side while trying to cut off the head of the demon princess.
Demon princess Morgan did not possess a pair of red tinted demon wings, yet, and continued to dash across the wooden planks leaving a burnt trail of gray tiny ashes, without falling down into the series of tiny holes. She looked up with laughter and removed her phone from her eardrum tossing the heated human devise through the air waves. The demonic phone hit the upper inlay of golden leather on Tina's cowgirl boot searing the exterior skin on the boot in heat, producing a tiny ball of blue and red tinted fire.
Tina landed hard down on the floor and rolled over the wooden planks, ripping off the fiery boot, exposing her skin with the melting human flesh from the burn. She cuddled her leg and hissed in pain.
Bo turned and gasped in shock at his girlfriend Tina, returning back with a snarl, marching ahead with fury. He whipped his blade side to side at Morgan. Morgan wiggled her hand and produced an axe pick, lifting up the weapon, colliding in a pitch of musical tones with smooth angel steel. They released the gripe with a set of loud growls and then smashed the steel with heavy sneers, fighting to the death.
On the front wall, Ithanna continued to control the gigantic floating ring with both of her hands and grinding her teeth.
Above the mound of dirt, Azazel continued to hang in the air and laughed out loud, wiggling both of his hands for fun. 
Mella watched the angel and demon action pondering the reason, stepping ahead from the wall corner with worry. She waved both of her arms in the air and shouted out loud, pointing at Azazel. "Wait! Stop, Angee! How did Azazel become released from his rock home? No one has asked that particular question here?"
Lystra turned and sneered at Mella, "The question does not matter, destroyer angel."
She dropped her hands and slapped her legs, nodding with a stern face. "Yes, the question does not matter a great deal here. How is it that Azazel is visible and presence in his ghost form in front of our eyes, if he had been cursed and bind inside a rock of earth minerals and metals?"
Dallas gasped in shock at the question from Mella and spun around holding his sword, staring at Mella and then Azazel. He nodded with a worried brow. "Stop the ring, Ithanna! Something is wrong here."
The other non-fighting angels consisting of Chase, Jake, Argus, and Xambree spun around and faced Azazel in puzzlement.
Ithanna gasped in alert and held both of her arms in the air while magically holding the ring in the air waves, exhaling with worry, grunting in human pain from the weight of the solid object.
Dallas nodded. "Yeah, it does matter a great deal in here. How did you escape out from your enclose rock home, Azazel? Why I am seeing your ugly mug?"
On the rear wall, Morgan tossed the heavy axe pick from her cupped hand flying it through the air towards the cheekbone on Bo. Bo turned and gasped in alert at the flying weapon, dropping down, sliding over the smooth floor and collided into Tina. Tina screamed in pain.
From the row of standing angels, Jake leaped up from the floor and hovered in the air, sneering down at Morgan. "Now, come and attack a death angel, demon princess!"
Morgan looked up and laughed, winking at Jake. "I do not know you, but I do like you. Have about I kill your soul and then you can descend down and live with me, cutie pie?" She wiggled her button nose and produced a curved saber in glittering gold, racing ahead.
Jake dropped down and dashed ahead. The two sabers collided with a musical tone.
On the front wall, Azazel continued to hang in the air waves and twirled both of his hands in nervousness. "I can come out of my rock home at any time of day or night, angel boy."
Dallas continued to stand and protect Ithanna, shaking his curls at Azazel, "No, you cannot perform that demon trick. I am absolutely, positively certain of that heavenly fact."
Mella bounced up and down with excitement and pointed at Azazel. "He...he..." She stopped bouncing and smiled at Dallas.
Lystra sneered at Mella. "What! What are you not trying to say, destroyer angel?"
She smiled at Dallas. "He did not come out from his rock home. His rock home is a rock. His rock home has been a rock for centuries and centuries. His rock home is..."
"...busted into tiny rock pieces from centuries and centuries of wind, rain, sleet, snow, and all type of weather elements here on Planet Earth," Dallas nodded with a stern face. "Azazel had truly confessed his sinful act to all of us that he literally jumped his rock home in the air and then pounded the rock home back down on the ground leaving Arizona and arriving here in Alabama. Thus, he beat up all the rock minerals from the original gigantic rock boulder. So, his rock home is smaller than an ant body."
Azazel crossed is arms that went through each limb and sneered at Dallas. "Well, not exactly, the size of an Earth ant, which is really, really tiny."
Mella extended her hand and opened her palm, nodding with a smile to Dallas, "His rock home must be the size of a creek pebble that fits in the palm of your hand."
Azazel turned and sneered at Mella, "Who are you, girly human? You are not an angel."
"I am a smarter creature than you, sir." She laughed.
Angee frowned at Azazel, "So, that is a new problem here. His true rock home is a tiny pebble but holds enough rock matter that still entraps his ghostly body, but not for long. When that tiny rock finally busts into a set of tiny particles of dust, he will be free and destructive again."
Dallas nodded with worry. "Yes."
Mella bounced up and down waving her arms in the air. "I know.."
"You know nothing here, destroyer girl!" Lystra turned and sneered at Mella.
Angee turned and sneered at Lystra. "Shut it, Lystra."
Mella smiled at Dallas. "Can Azazel be sentenced down into any rock formation?"
Lystra frowned. "A rock is a rock is a rock, destroyer girl."
Dallas sneered. "Shut up, Lystra!"
Mella back stepped with a smile and collided into the wall corner, reaching out, patting the bench."Okay! That answers my question. This entire long bench is made of light colored granite, a natural earth stone from the Source that is almost indestructible and cannot leave this room without destroying the entire ground floor hallway and the entire mall building to reach the outdoors sky, sun, and clouds."
Dallas nodded with laughter. "You are a genius girl. Hey! Listen to me! All the other angels that are not fighting with demon princess Morgan or not helping Ithanna then you get over here to the side wall with the extremely long granite bench! We need to pool our limited angel reserve pack and move a great big rock giving our new non-friend Azazel a new home."
Azazel turned and stared at the human-made but natural earth mineral granite bench, ringing his of his hands with nervousness, shouting out loud in fear. "No. No. No..."
On the rear wall, Jake stumbled over one of the burnt holes and looked down, spreading out both of his arms with his sword, balancing his body. His body tilted sideways and then slammed hard down on top of the floor, landing flat down on his back spine and grunted in human pain and exhaustion from the angel-demon fight.
Morgan continued to stand and screamed with laughter, racing ahead to Jake, lifting up her saber and then halted in front of Jake. Bo jerked Tina off his body and slowly struggled to stand upright aiding Jake from Morgan. The row of angels quickly spun around from Azazel and gasped in fear, staring down at a grounded Jake. Morgan swiftly dropped down the tip on her blade with laughter and smashed the tip down into the heart organ on Jake, releasing the saber handle, screaming in evil tones. Morgan slowly tumbled backwards and hissed at Jake.
Xambree screamed in fear and stomped ahead with tears as Argus leaned over and held the tall, strong death angel at her own death funeral from demon princess Morgan.
Jake collapsed down onto the floor and softly moaned in defeat for two seconds and then he wiggled his body side to side over the floor, laughing out loud. The row of angels gasped in alarm and continued to stare down at a laughing Jake. Jake sat upright with laugher and reached down, touching the ripped pocket on his tee shirt, pulling out the golden key. He turned and smiled wiggling the glittering key at his row of angel friends. "This is the heavenly key. Do you remember it? I pulled it out from that rock wall there at the Bama Fun Center, before all the other mess. I placed it down in my shirt pocket. My shirt pocket resides on the left side of my chest, over my heart organ. The tip of her blade hit the magical key, not my healthy heart. Wow! Now, I understand why a clothes seamstress places a pocket over your heart to save your life," he laughed with the other angels.
Argus laughed out loud with a nod to Jake and lifted his palm near his smile. Jake tossed the heavenly key through the air to the leader. Argus caught the key and slipped the item down into the rear pocket of his jeans for safekeeping until the heavenly item was needed for some secret angel purpose.
Xambree sobbed with set of girly human tears plus her new girly human emotions of love, jerking away from Argus, racing ahead, and slid into Jake. She kissed his face and hugged his body with love and fear and worry.
Argus turned and smiled at Morgan, who did not understand the secret of the heavenly key either. Morgan slowly back pedaled from Jake and the row of angels, looking down at her two hands. The angel magic from the heavenly key through the demon metal had affected each one of her red tinted demon hands as each hand slowly turned pale colored like a human hand. The heavenly key was morphing her entire body back into a human girl, where she could die for a second time and then turn into a pile of red tinted demon dust and then disappear into nothingness leaving the planet and the universe foreverly.
Her back spine hit the wall. Morgan slowly slid down and sobbed with tears of worry, staring down at her transforming hands.
On the angel row, Argus flipped his hand in the air with a smile. "Morgan is done," he spun around and smiled at Azazel. "Now, we finish up with Azazel. What do we need to do, Dallas?"
Dallas nodded with a smile and stored his weapon, strolling ahead toward the bench of granite. "We need to move this long and heavy Mother Nature gray tinted granite rock in the shape of a human sitting bench over the floating magical ring. The ring cannot be moved sideways, only downwards on top of any object. Everyone, follow the leader!"
Above the dirt, Azazel continued to ring his two hands and laughed out loud, when a bright bean of light dropped down from the ceiling and touched the wooden floor in front of the block of dirt, a line of black tinted farm goats appeared in front of the mound and opened their mouth, sounding with a loud bleak.
On the line of angels, Lystra gasped in shock and pointed with laughter at the line of black tinted farm goats. "What! Why? There stands a row of cute farm goats."
Argus turned and laughed at the row of goats. "Azazel had been a devoted servant of Satan. But he had gotten caught with his pajama pants down and exposed his hairy butthole. Then his boss Satan had fled the murder scene and Azazel had fled into the thicket of forest wilderness but had been captured by the guardian archangel. So, he had become the scape-goat with all human sin for Satan. Do you understand now? His mascot is a farm goat," he laughed. Then each goat one at a time morphed into an individual red tinted demon.
Xambree slowly stood upright and hugged Jake, moving them towards the angel line to help with the new problem.
Angee frowned. "Geez! I do believe that Satan likes to cheat his way on everything."
Argus moved ahead with a smile and followed behind Dallas. "Everyone is a fighter now. Female fighters, go and kill each one of these ugly demons. Male fighters, go and move this long piece of granite rock underneath the ring. Ithanna, stay put!" He stopped and stood in the middle of the granite bench.
Mella scooted sideways out of the way and stood inside the open archway, looking back over her collar bone for a human visitor seeing empty air molecules.
Angee, Lystra, Xambree pulled out an individual angel sword and raced ahead towards the mini-mound on the entrance wall that exhibited a row of red tinted demons. Azazel clapped but missed each hand laughing out loud with the new entertainment. Each demon leaped up from the floor, flipped upside down, and danced on top of the ceiling planks.
Angee stopped and frowned up at the ceiling. "What is up with the dancing demons on the ceiling?"
Lystra copied Angee's movements. "I think that is a new human song."
Xambree copied Angee's movements, too. "Forget the dance moves and the demons. I got my own dance move," she leaped up from the floor, turned upside down, and glues her boot soles onto the ceiling, yelling out loud, swinging her blade side to side. She advanced towards two of the nasty demons fighting for the death kill.
On the floor, Dallas stood inside the wall corner at the entrance wall and the side wall. Argus bend down at the long side of the bench a few feet from Dallas. Jake stood closer to Chase. Chase stood on the end of the long granite bench staring down at the piece of rock.
Dallas exhaled with determination. "We cannot use up the rest of our limited angel reserve pack. We do not know how much more encounters with musical songs we have left."
Chase smiled. "I am not a bind angel, but a heavenly angel with all of my angel powers."
Argus stood upright and turned to face Chase, shaking his curls, "Chase, you are a damaged angel now. You should really remove your body from this hard work. Chasing around a Crimson Tail for weeks and months is hard work and hard on the soul, angel!"
He frowned. "No! I was sent there at the rock wall following my sister. Now, she is gone. Now, I am here and I will help here."
Dallas clapped for attention and smiled at each face. "All right! Bend down and grab the side of the long bench. This is how the vocal movement process works. I will yell out the word, heave. Then Argus and I will shuffle our end of the long granite bench forward first while we sing out loud the word, ho. Then I will repeat my word, heave. Jake and Chase will shove their side of  bench forward and away from the wall and towards the mini-mound of dirt, where Azazel is laughing and singing with delight. Bend down! Place both hands on the granite. Heave."
The three angels shouted out loud the word, "Ho." As Argus and Dallas shoved the bench from the wall.
Dallas continued to bend down and shouted out loud the word, "Heave."
The three angels shouted out loud the word, "Ho." As Jake and Chase shoved the bench from the wall.
The team of angels worked together slowly shoving the long granite piece over the smooth floor and then closer the air-born floating body of nasty demon Azazel.
Dallas yelled out loud. "Heave."
The three angels repeated. "Ho."

At 03:33 pm, the long piece of granite stood in front of the mound of dirt. Each male angel stood upright and wiped out the stinky human sweat from various wet body parts, staring with a smile down at the granite piece.
On top of the ceiling tiles, Angee sliced her blade into the last demon and tossed both her arms in laughter down towards the floor, shouting out loud. "I did it. I got her."
Xambree turned and nodded to the messenger angel and released her angel hole on the ceiling, falling towards the floor, flipping her body into a somersault in the air and gently landed down on top of the wooden floor. She stored her sword and raced ahead with a smile, colliding into her stinky boyfriend, hugging him and laughed with their small angel victory.
Angee and Lystra dropped down from the ceiling tiles and landed down on the floor, storing their weapon, strolling toward the granite bench and stood in-between Argus and Dallas.
Dallas sweated in both face and body, looking down at his two cut hands, shouting to Ithanna. "We got a new piece of rock for our new un-friend Azazel." he squatted down and dropped both of his cut hands down into the rough soil, searching for the tiny pebble, the rock home of Azazel.
Azazel gasped in shock and then giggled with laughter, wiggling side to side in the air, shouting at Dallas. "Stop! Stop! Your hands are so cold. I am not that kind of guy."
"Yeah, you're a big bad demon that likes to harm humans." Dallas stood upright and sat a tiny tan colored pebble on top of the gray tinted granite hard surface, where the magical ring would destroy the pebble stone into dust bites but contain the demon inside the new piece of rock granite until Judgment Day. Dallas turned and nodded to Ithanna. "Go ahead and lower down the ring and seal his faith or fate or farts inside his new bigger and better rock home, Ithanna," he laughed with the other males.
Ithanna had squatted down on the floor with a pair of bend arms, panting in slow steady breathes, holding the heavy ring in the air. She slowly wiggled her fingers. The ring started to slowly lower down from the ceiling again.
The other angels slowly scooted backward from the granite rock bench and then stopped, loosely surrounding Ithanna, watching the gigantic ring on the ceiling while protecting the angel and the ring from any more demon harm.
“No! No! No! Please, no, not again! I can be good. I promise!” Azazel could feel the heavenly magic working on his ghost body and slowly started to sink down his body in the size of a human pinky finger that slowly started to suck back down into the pebble rock.
On the rear wall, demon princess Morgan continued to sit on the floor and allowed each burning sad tear to roll down her pale tinted cheekbone. She had been defeated again by a goody-goody Dallas and his goody-goody band of heavenly angels. However, she possessed a few drops of her stinging demon juice inside her demon body and slowly stood upright with a soft hiss, staring at the line of angels, who continued to hug and kiss and then hug and clap with their heavenly joy, peace, and harmony nicey-nice stuff.
Morgan slowly shuffled ahead with a soft growl and selected one of the stupid heavenly gracelings who lacked the vast knowledge of a nasty demon, feeling her demon juice drain. She could exhibit one more nasty demon trick before her demon body turned back into a human girl. Then one of the talented angels would stab her heart or her body with their angel steel blade into a permanent death.
As the gigantic magic ring lowered down from the ceiling and over the granite rock, the bright pale blue light exhibited happy energy and voices of singing angels. Each angel paired up and included human girl Mella and started dancing with wild steps and singing song within the bright blue light of love, peace, joy and happiness. The angel mission was about to end, so each angel could return back home to heaven.
On the dancing circle, Angee spun around and clapped her hands with happiness, executing a new twirl, slamming into the upright pointy pale tinted elbow on demon princess Morgan. Morgan screamed in pain.
The huddle of angels spun around and gasped at Morgan. Angee screamed in terror. Then both of the entwined upright bodies exploded into an array of red and yellow tinted angel dust slowly burning into a solid pile of gray tinted ashes. Then group of ashes slowly drifted down and landed on top of the floor and on top of the hair roots of each angel. Some of the drifting ashes caught in the light breeze inside the enclosed room and carried over each one of the numerous holes, landing down on top of the earth dirt.
Argus wore a head of red and yellow tinted angel dust and yelled in terror, stumbling into the dancing group of happy upright angels, landing down on the floor in horror. “No!”
“Yes!” Ithanna shouted out loud with victory and collapsed down on top of the floor in girly exhaustion.
"No!" Azazel hollered in terror in the air waves and quickly reduced down into the size of a human pinky finger. The golden ring swiftly plopped down on top of the long granite bench with a loud thud and produce a pretty blaze with a rectangular shape in pale blue color that hit the ceiling and secured nasty demon Azazel back down into his rock home foreverly.
The ring disappeared with the bright happy light leaving the dark room. Each angel dropped down on the floor feeling sadness, sorrow, hate, angry, fury, and revenge.
The mobile telephone in the front pocket on Xambree's blue jeans started a new musical song entitled Another One Bites the Dust which had been recorded by the musical rock and roll group Queen in the year 1980.
"Another one bites the dust. Another one bites the dust. And another one gone and another one gone and another one bites the dust, yeah. Hey! I'm going to get to you. Another one bites the dust. Ooh, let's go. Steve walks warily down the street with the brim pulled way down low. Ain't no sound but the sound of his feet. Machine guns ready to go. Are you ready? Hey, are you ready for this? Out of the doorway the bullets rip to the sound of the beat, yeah ....” 
The musical song continued to play out loud. Xambree did not access the mobile telephone and continued to hug on Jake, Lystra, and Tina. The heap pile of scattered numerous twisted angel limbs slowly broke apart and lifted up from the floor, standing and leaned into each other.
Each angel grouped into trio and duos and then slowly spun around wearing a sad face, breaking into a single line of depressed humans while exiting out from the mall exhibition room.
The mall exhibition room was pretty clean of trash without a body part from an angel or a demon. The only different change was the long sitting bench in granite sitting a few feet from the entrance wall without a person or an angel or a demon. The side wall contained scraped black tinted marks, after shoving the large heavy sitting bench from the wall which could be cleaned and then painted into a nice wall.
The angel line staggered out from the tunnel space one at a time into the empty hallway and formed a new pair of angels, moving back down the corridor towards the side walls of numerous business stores.
Dallas took the lead for the team of angels.
Bo and Tina cuddled and slowly strolled together while whispering to each other.
Argus and Mella moved together and whispered to each other.
Chase, Ithanna, and Lystra strolled together and stared at the wall in silence.
Xambree and Jake cuddled together and softly talked about the future. Then the new musical song ceased with the words and notes that was still located the front pocket on Xambree's jeans.





Continue the heavenly adventures of Dallas, Bo, Tina, Xambree, Jake, and the other heavenly angels in the last e-novel, which is entitled All & All  

