ANGELS & TAILS

ipam





Smashwords Edition Copyright 2020 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 1


The city of Birmingham is geographically located almost in the center of the US State of Alabama.
The city had been founded in the year 1871, after the American Civil War, starting to thrive in the new industries of iron ore, coal, and limestone rock mining and steel production to the northeast region, within the USA. Major of the natives had come from England and then settled in the dirt. Thus, the founders decided to name the new city in honor of Birmingham, England.
Throughout the decades, the city had experienced significant ups and downs during the Great Depression of 1930 and World War One in 1941 affecting both industry jobs and population growth.
Currently, there are over 210,000 individuals living with the city limits.
Geographically, the valley floor on the city runs in-between parallel mountain ranges which tail end on the Appalachian mountain range and then the rainwater drains down into a series of small creeks branches, including the Village Creek, which flows directly down into the Black Warrior River. The flat valley of the city is surrounded by numerous mountain summits. Red Mountain is located south of downtown Birmingham. Sand Mountain stands in the north of the city. Ruffner Mountain is due east of the city. Shades Mountain sits southeast of the city. Oak Mountain is due south of downtown Birmingham.
The city of Birmingham is 147 miles west from the city of Atlanta; 92 miles north from the city of Montgomery, 147 miles northeast from the city of Meridian within the US State of Mississippi; 239 miles southeast from the city of Memphis within the US State of Tennessee; 192 miles south from the city of Nashville, within the US State of Tennessee, and 148 miles southwest from the city of Chattanooga in Tennessee also.
Geologically, the city comprises 146 miles of land and 2.5 mile of fresh water streams.
Humid, sub-tropical climate in the air waves over the city of Birmingham supplies hot summers with 85° Fahrenheit and mild winters with 44° Fahrenheit and provides abundant rainfall throughout the solar year, with March as the wettest month. The driest month is October. The fixed geographical arena experiences severe thunderstorms, tornados, and remnants of active tropical hurricanes coming south up from the Gulf of Mexico.
On the outskirts of city limits of Birmingham, twenty-six different suburbs thrive and contain 491,000 individuals, making metro city area comprise 700,000 individuals.
One of the twenty-six independent suburban cities is called Gardendale.
The city of Gardendale is six miles north of metro city Birmingham with a current population of 13,892.
The rolling hills and flat valleys of rich fertile crop land had been originally settled, in the year 1825, by crop farmers and called Jugtown. The name had represented a large jug and churn factory in the area. As the town grew longer and wider with people, pets and plants, a single dirt road had been designated the stagecoach route between the present-day U.S. State of Tennessee and the present-day Birmingham, during the 19th century.
In the year 1905, the name of Gardendale was selected by the populous of the people. The city was incorporated in the year 1955.
The city measures 25.0 square miles, all land, and sits on the southeastern one on the Appalachian ridgelines running from eastern Tennessee into northeast Alabama. 
Decades ago, active coal mines had provided earth minerals and jobs but had closed down and replaced with forestland. Thus, the natural landscape on the east and northeastern side of Gardendale is rocky and hilltop with deep ravines of dirt, not water.
Chapter 2


Tuesday, January 1st


City of Gardenville, within the U.S. State of Alabama
   (Outskirts of city, farmland setting)
Cold temperatures with moonlight and bright stars

Elmo Fleming Farm pasture meadow location
10:10 pm


An invisible face yells out loud and as the invisible body is down inside a deep hole. “Help me!” Tina scampers around the tall honeysuckle bushes and ventures into the grassy barnyard while seeking to aid the helpless and needy human. The same voice shouts out loud and as the invisible body is down the same deep hole. “Help me!”
Tina stops and stands in front of a pair of closed red tinted barn doors. She is an angel from heaven, where her prime job is to protect all humans on the planet. Tonight, Tina starts her new angel duty and opens both of the barn doors narrowing a pair of eyelashes while searching inside the darkness of an empty barn and locates the spot with a pair of angel-eardrums the distressed voice. 
The human is hidden beneath the hay floor for some reason. Tina reaches down and lifts up the hidden door into the air while feeling the wet dampness coming up from an underground root cellar.
An invisible face shouts out again and as the invisible body is down inside a deep hole below the barn floor, “Help me!”
Tina drops down into the depths of the ancient root cellar and lands on top of the dirt, hearing the boom. The root cellar door slams shut above her skull and then locks Tina inside the root cellar.
“No!” Tina shouts out loud in alarm.
An invisible face shouts out loud with a laugh, “Lure an angel in the dark.”
“No!” Tina hollers in worry.
“Zap the lock and close it shut!” An invisible face shouts out loud above the skull of Tina.
“No!” Tina gasps in fear.
“Tap the angel! One. Two. Three,” an invisible face shout out loud beside the nose profile of Tina.
“No!” Tina softly whispers in fright.
“... on each wing tips ...” an invisible face shouts out loud behind the back spine of Tina.
“No!” Tina faintly weeps in shame.
“Ambrechadbre! Now, it's freed,” an invisible face shouts out loud and as the invisible body swiftly shuffles backwards from the back spine on Tina, after finishing the evil purpose.
Tina helplessly slides an injured body down onto the dirt floor while bleeding profusely coming from the two nose holes, the two eardrums, the parted lips, and the set of ripped back muscles.
“I’m the angel, the angel, the angel,” an invisible face shouts out loud above the hair roots of Tina.
Then, the door of root cellar opens up and reveals an array of moon light rays that dance across the damp red dirt. The eyeballs on Tina fight against the set of bright lights coming down from the moonlight with a set of tears while feeling the painful barbaric removal of her two delicate angel wings with a whisper. “I am the human.”
Chapter 3


Cast of Characters:


Adults:
Mr. Seymore, father of Jan and Chase, angel parent
Mrs. Seymore, mother of Jan and Chase, angel parent


Teens:
Chase, teen student, angel-in-training, Jan's brother
Jam/Jan, teen student, angel-in-waiting, Chase's sister



Story location:


A second of the twenty-six independent suburban cities with the metro city Birmingham area is called Vestavia Hills.
The suburb of Vestavia Hills contains 34,033 individuals living in a residential house either in-between the mountain peak of 951 feet above sea level or tucked into a hilltops on the semi-curvy landscape that lies on the southern crest of Shades Mountain. From the main roadway, the city's famous landmark displays the circular gazebo, which is called the Temple of Sibyl, which had been named after the domed gazebo in the city of Tivoli and patterned after the Temple of Vesta in the city of Rome within the country of Italy.
The gazebo had been constructed in the year 1925. The structure is comprised of dark pink sandstone wall and is encircled with twenty white tinted Doric columns that is surrounded by flower gardens and flocks of live peacocks.
The city was incorporated on November 8th, 1950 with 8,300 people. The geographical city encompasses 19.40 square miles of land with less than one percent fresh water streams. The suburb offers businesses, schools, and numerous community sports and fitness centers supporting baseball, basketball, soccer, football, tennis, and swimming programs for both adults and youths.


Story plot:

Jan is an angel-in-waiting and waits with her angel family on Planet Earth. She is disguised as a high school student and currently is seventeen years old and very slowly counts off the milliseconds, seconds, minutes, hours, moonlight nights, and sunlight days, before she becomes eighteen years old and then receives all of her full angel skills.



Chapter 4


Seventeen days later....


Friday, January 18th


Town of Vestavia Hills

07:56:22 am
35° Fahrenheit, dull sunlight
Gray clouds without snow flurries

Seymore household location
Breakfast table setting


Angel-in-waiting Jan is 17 years, 3 months, 3 days, 7 hours, 43 minutes, 24 seconds, 23,000 milliseconds, and counting forward.
“Every being has a purpose within the universe, dear,” her father smiles and wraps up the tail end of another in-depth, intense family discussion around the food meal, wiping his mouth of food stains with his cloth napkin his mouth, dumping the napkin on top of the lighted colored wooden square shaped dining room table. He slowly stands upright from the light colored wooden dining room chair and scoots sideways, turning to face the kitchen, carrying an armful of dirty dishes to the wash sink.
“What’s my purpose, again, Dad?” His daughter Jan continues to sit on side view at the square shaped table and whines with true intrigue and genuine anticipation placing both of her elbows on top of her cloth placement at the dining table, viewing her mother.
“Jam, honey!” Her mother continues to sit at the queen's end on the same table and turns with a smile to see a set of food-stained lips on her daughter.
“White Bread!” Her brother Chase stuffs the last biscuit into an open mouth and nosily chews with the same open lips, scooping up a spoonful of scrambled eggs mixed with the pig sausage.


Fifteen years old ago...

As little kid, Jan could not say her proper name with the correct alphabetic consonant, since she had always smacked her two lips together forming the alphabetic letter of M, instead of flicking her pink tongue like a snake for the correct alphabetic letter sound of N.
So, she had started to announce her proper name with an additional musical sound making the ending longer with her proper southern accent as an Alabama native highly exaggerated all of their words, ya’ll.
Then her parents had started to call their daughter by the improper name of Jam, not Jan.
Her mother had always added the sweet endearment, where she had used on every family and non-family member that had settled here in the Alabama woodlands since the year 1771.
Because it had been a southern edict to call a person by their inherited nickname rather than their given name, so her daughter had become named as Jam, honey.
Then her older brother Chase with a strictly torturous sarcastic selfish reason had paired an adjective with the noun coming up with a new phrase, white bread, right after their mother’s sweet greetings, which was kinda cute.
However, the cute act had not stopped for fifteen years.

Inside the dining room setting, their mother disappears from the table and stands inside the kitchen setting with an armful of dirty dishes, shouting out loud at her two children. “For the time being, until another exciting entity intersects your existence, your current purpose for both the angel-in-waiting parties consists of cleaning the dirty disgusting toilet.” In the wall corner, inside the kitchen setting, a beautifully colored dark blue bucket stands upright and holds a brightly colored stem from a hidden stiff plastic cleaning brush head with numerous pointy pouted tips beside a box of industry-strength cleaning detergent that will aid their current purpose.
At the table, Jan twists her food-stained lips with sour disgust and shouts out loud with a sour tone, “Ewe, Mom!”
“Mom!” Chase continues to sit on the opposite side of his sister at the same dining room table and yells out loud also, but his yell always translates: I will obey my mother no matter what dirty task I am given. He slowly stands upright from the chair and carries an armful of dirty dishes into the kitchen with a smile, nodding to his mother.
“Now, please go and fulfill your purpose, kids.” She stands at the wash sink and works on the short stack of dirty dishes, without pointing at the cleaning bucket and box of detergent, softly humming a familiar song.
Chase stops beside his mother and places the stack of dirty dishes on top of the counter top, leaning over, lightly peaking her cheekbone with love, standing upright with a smile. He spins around and views the cleaning bucket and box of detergent, before his grand exit up towards his private bedroom to play a set of video games.
At the dining room table, Jan continues to sit and shouts out loud with annoyance, “Ah, Mom!” She slowly stands upright from the chair without pushing the item back underneath the table edge like a rude teenager.
Jan and Chase move ahead and together slowly stomp a pair of naked feet down an empty hallway and head into their shared bathroom while sneering out loud with their dirty chore.
Chase actually floats in the air on his feet, not his wings flying ahead down the hallway and then slowly turns into the open archway, moving ahead towards the twin porcelain wash sinks while surveying the remnants of invisible germs and bacteria. He halts in the air and then slowly drops down onto yellow tinted tile floor, dropping the bucket in-between them, retrieving the purple handed long stemmed brush. He leans down and sprays the chemically created lemon scented white foam down inside his personal used and abused wash sink, shouting out loud. “Soap scum.”
“Toothpaste spittle.” Jan leans over and cleans her wash sink and then attacks the dirty lengthwise reflection mirror with the glass cleaning spray and a clean fabric cloth.
Each sibling works a set of fingers and a pair of elbows while sawing and stroking each light wooden cabinet, a yellow tinted porcelain wash sink, and part of the shared glass reflection mirror into a spit shine, back stepping with a smile, lovingly admiring the dirty job. Then, they simultaneously pivot and inspect the new threat.
Chase quickly calls out loud in a tenor timber. “Tub.”
She says too late and too slowly. “Tub.” Jan spins around and stares at the other dirty bathroom object, the tall and long and wide shared dirty shower stall.
“Naw! Mine!” Chase smiles down at the dirty toilet with six weeks of pee grim and poop guts from each angel-in-waiting usage.
Jan points down with a smile at the tub. “How about we clean the tub first together like a sister and brother team and then we can tackle the toilet last?”
He smiles at each dirty object. “Or we can sanitize both the retched contraptions equally minimizing the foul reek of humanity’s commiseration.”
She rolls her eyeballs and then return back to see my brother, nodding with a sour frown. “Yeah, that 264 IQ serves you well, Chase.”
He lifts up and waves his set of dirty fingernails and five wet toenails for drama at each filthy apparatus adding a little touch of heavenly spark. Then both shower tub and the toilet gleams, glows, and glistens in a white and shiny hue.
“Kids, are you almost done in your shared bathroom?” Their mother yells out loud with the vocal warning and then appears inside the archway, examining the shower and toilet, sniffing the air waves. She nods with a smile. “I smell pine scented. And the bathroom looks nice! Thanks, kids.” She back steps with a smile and spins around, leaving her kids and the clean bathroom after gathering her usual spy data from the enemy, the kids.
Jan continues to hold the dirty toilet brush and smiles at my brother, “Where did you send the foul reek of humanity’s commiseration?”
“Down in hell.” He laughs.
They exit from the nice smelling shared bathroom facility and stroll absent-mindedly down an empty hallway, stopping at the closet inside the hallway. Chase leans down and stows the cleaning gear on the bottom rack inside the hall closet.
Jan stops and stands beside her brother with nervousness. “Are you scared about your you know, Chase?”
“Naw!” He stands upright from the floor and slowly moves ahead towards the living room setting. The infamous southern sound for the English definition means no. He looks down and stares at the light wooden floor, pretending to examine the wood for more dirt stains, since his sister can sense and feel his deep emotions which is part of the angel thing with a human.
“It has been four days and counting,” she looks down at the clean floor also scanning a different section on each wooden plank.
“I’m ready to perform my duty, sis.” He grins down at the floor with a nervous twitch.
“I’m jealous.” She wants to start to perform her duty right now.
He turns and frowns at her nose profile. “Are you jealous of me? That’s not a …”
“No! I am jealous of the upcoming circumstances for you and then it is my turn.” She looks up and turns with a smile to see his face, bouncing up and down with excitement.
“You will do a fine job and perform your duty admirably, Jam.” He smiles.
“White bread.” She laughs on cue with silliness.
Their father is the director at the local Fitness Center that resides on a fifteen-acre complex which is located on US Highway 31 within the State of Alabama. Their mother is the best indoor and outdoor personal tennis instructor there at the Fitness Center on the same campus. Each working job keeps their parents fit, trim, healthy, and happy.
Jan attends the local high school which resides three city streets over to the right of her house with her genius, handsome older brother Chase. These are the smooth words coming from the pair of parted and lipstick-painted, red-tinted lips on her best friend Ginger.
Chase and Jan are nine months apart in human years of measurement landing down inside the same baby crib with a divider for each infant, sleeping next to him on the date of October, the fifteenth, which is known by the human race, as the sweetest day of the calendar year.
In the year 1922 on Planet Earth, a sweet holiday had been invented by Herbert Birch Kingston from the city of Cleveland within the US State of Ohio. He wanted to do something nice for his home city. So, he gathered big boxes with large pounds of chocolate delivering each box of candy to every orphanage and hospital. From his kind action, the original sweetest day in the calendar year had evolved into a romantic holiday, which had been similar to Valentine’s Day, but it had also included the children of boyfriends, girlfriends, husbands, and wives for an exchange of pretty cards, wrapped presents, and shared dinner for two people.
Her brother Chase had been born on January 14th of the same year.
Jan is seventeen years old and turns eighteen years old in a few more months, lots more days, and megaton of minutes. She is very excited and thrilled to be getting older, and wiser, and other stuff.
They are a happy American family and a happy angel family. Each person is an angel coming down from heaven. Her parents are a set of full angels. Her brother is full angel too after turning eighteen years old, gaining his pair of white tinted angels wings four days ago.
A mature angel possesses a group of supernatural powers, a pair of white tinted wings, a bright skull halo, a couple of white tinted silk flowing robes in case of an accident, exhibiting a set of real ten toenails, two feet, two legs, two arms, two hands, ten fingernails, and a face of beautiful DNA angel features, all compliments of our Maker.
The DNA of an angel is selected by genetics like a human fetus, therefore a typical family of angels does resemble any other family members within the so-called earth-bound family unit.
Jan possesses a head of naturally straight light blonde hair on the top her crown with an array of dark blonde strands on the bottom tail of her pixie hair cut which exposes her pink tinted skin tissue. She possesses a pair of light green colored eyes and a pair of short legs, measuring five feet and one inches of lean muscle tone.
Her mother displays the same pixie cut and exhibits blonde head of hair, white creamy skin tone, and a pair of hazel tinted eyeballs, measuring five feet and two inches on an muscular athletic body frame. Her father possesses a head of dirty blonde shoulder length hair on his heart shaped face with peachy-pink skin tissue and a pair of golden-green eyeballs. He measures tall at five feet and four inches with a set of curved muscles.
Her brother Chase displays cropped hair at his earlobe in light platinum blonde hue, a tone of peachy-beige skin, and a pair of green eyeballs. He measures in height at five feet and three inches with rows of taunt steel muscles on his two arms and in his two leg calves.
A mature angel possesses a pair of silver tinted eyeballs which is part of the day and night illumination process, when working as a guardian angel above the assigned human soul while on their heavenly angelic job, since a human cannot really see an angel but the human sometimes notices a shimmering object very quickly within their normal human eye sight. A human believes that the natural effect belongs to a short burst of sunlight over their skull but it really is angel that watches over their person.
So, when Jan turns the age of eighteen years old, her pupils will become a hue of silver tone which is so neat and unique as a heavenly angel.
An angel is also fit, trim, and ripped with rows of muscle tissues even a female and a angel handles one weapon of mass destruction as their lifetime task with their lifetime duty which comes in the form of a sliver tinted straight sword which is made of a bright blinding light, a heated burning fire with searing sharp tips on the blade that cut and kill each evil enemy, which is super cool too.
When a guardian angel marries and then produces a baby, the couple is assigned a neighborhood on top of Planet Earth, raising their baby angel into adulthood. The parents of Chase and Jan had been assigned to work and live within the geographical area of Birmingham, Alabama, after they had met, dated, and married a very long time ago.
An angel within the family unit possesses a mother, a father, maybe a brother, or a sister during their childhood day on Planet Earth. When an angel reaches the age of eighteen years old, adulthood takes over the angel. Then the angel leaves their mother, father and siblings, carrying out their main purpose of existence as a true angel.
Right now, Jan does not know her purpose yet.
Over time, a guardian angel can meet and date another mature angel, then marry, and final produce their own children with the purpose of protecting all of God’s creatures that reside on Planet Earth, the entire human race of babies, toddlers, teens, young, mature, and old adults.
An angel child lives on the Planet Earth while learning, studying, thinking, and feeling like a human which is part of the young angel experience while learning to protect their future ward, a human baby. Currently, Jan is technically classified as a human girl without a pair of wings, a halo crown, a set of angel magic, and cool stuff, but not much longer.
Chapter 5



Three days later...

Monday, January 21st

Seymore household
Foyer entrance setting
Cold temperatures with bright sunlight and parted clouds
03:09 pm


Angel-in-waiting Jan is 17 years, 3 months, 7 days, 14 hours, 3 minutes, 45 seconds, 46,000 milliseconds, and counting forward.
The front door opens and allows the cold air temperature to enter into the warm space. Inside the foyer setting, their mother stands with a smile and motions her hand into the living room setting in silence, spinning around, moving into the room without any announcement.
Chase enters first through the open front door with a smile and following his mother into the living room setting in silence.
Jan enters next and stops, standing alone in the foyer, saying with a sour tone. “No. Do we really have a family meeting, right now? I just got home from school. I’m tired. I’m hungry. I gotta study for my test, Mom. Let’s do this during the supper meal, okay?” She reaches down and grabs a bottle of spring water and a single bag of sunflower seeds, cracking open the water bottle, hurling the fresh water into her open mouth. She slowly moves ahead on a pair of gray tinted sneakers across the wooden floor, through the beautifully curved archway, entering the living room setting. Her mother sits on top of the sofa piece. Her father lounges in the loveseat. Her brother bangs his pair of naked heels in the comfortable recliner which is all covered in a daisy flower-design patterned fabric.
“Everyone is present and accounted for.” Their father smiles and pats the empty side on the daisy-patterned loveseat for his daughter.
Her mother scoots to the end of the sofa and darts her eyelashes to her husband. “Your father and I have decided to exhibit the equipment.”
“We shouldn’t provide and explain extraneous information, without permission, dear,” her husband lifts up and scans the computer tablet, covering his face while searching for a current human death, since he likes to exhibit this human behavior when he disagrees with his wife.
“Each one of us must be prepared like a honorable Nature Boy. This will save you some time.” Their mother nods with a smile. Their father flips the electronic page and scans the new information in silence.
Chase continues to lounge and plays on his personal mobile telephone, smiling at the new text messages from his high school human friends.
Jan enters the room and stops inside the open archway with confusion, “Equipment! What equipment are you talking about, Mom?” She eats a handful of sunflower seeds.
“Why! I am referencing your angel equipment, of course,” she smiles.
Jan spits out her tongue mucus along with each wet sunflower seeds, dropping them down on top of the floor and then yells out loud with excitement. “Angel equipment! You mean I get to. You mean I can see. I’ve never seen a pair of angel wings before …”
Her mother nods with a grin. “And there is a very good reason for that upcoming event, Jam, honey.”
“White Bread.” Chase grins and plays on his mobile telephone, working an new electronic game as the sound echoes with soft beeps, zings, and bongs assaulting each pair of eardrums.
Their mother clears her throat and turns to see her husband, “Because the angel wings are delicate and durable and reserved for your moment of …”
Jan dashes ahead and spins around, sitting beside her father, staring at her mother. “Am I getting my angel wings today, Mom?”
“No, dear.”
“So, am I getting my wings on tomorrow?”
“No, dear.”
“When am I getting my pair of angel wings, Mom?” Jan turns and frowns at the nose profile on her father. “When am I getting my pair of angel wings, Dad?”
“We don’t know the exact time that special event will happen, Jam, honey.” Her mother continues to sit on top of the loveseat that faces the recliner and the sofa, wearing a stern face.
“White Bread.” Chase chuckles at the new electronic game.
“O!” Jan frowns.
“Do you want to see the angel equipment, Jam?” Her mother smiles. Jan nods with a smile.
“Are you afraid that she will freak your mind off this planet, Jam, honey?” Chase punches words into his new text message.
“No! Not me. I am not afraid. I am ready.” Jan smiles with a nod. “I’m more than ready. Mom, when do I get my wings? And who is going to teach me the facts and fictions of Angeldom?”
“We taught Chase.” Their father continues to search the computer tablet for new human information, so he can imitate the human behavior to his wife.
“Yeah, they taught me good.” Chase continues to text on his mobile telephone.
“O! Why are you teaching me for today, right now?” Jan smiles.
Chase laughs, “Because you are a slowly being.”
Jan turns and sneers at her brother. “That brilliant 164 IQ serves you very well, Chase,” she turns and nods to her mother.
Her mother smiles. “Your dad and I want you to become ready for the big exciting event…”
“Is that event going to be today?” Jan nods.
“You’re repeating your questions, White Bread.” Chase chuckles at the new text on his personal mobile telephone.
“No, dear! But the event could come any day now,” her father smiles and continues to read the electronic tablet with human information.
“Any day, which day is any day, Mom or Dad?” Jan worries.
“We don’t know the exact date of your wing explosion, dear.” Her father continues to read the tablet.
“Okay! Well, I’m ready to see and feel and touch my angel wings.” Jan nods with a smile of excitement.
“Good.” Her mother slaps both of her palms down her white tinted trousers, standing stands upright from the sofa cushion, using her angel-radar to signal Chase. He continues to text but slowly scoots off the recliner seat after hearing the clear telepathic words inside his mind coming from his angel mother in silence.
She turns and frowns down at her sitting husband. “Everyone must get up and stand upright from their furniture seat, right now.”
Jan stands upright from the loveseat with a smile and dances side to side with excitement. “Stand. Okay.”
Her mother frowns at her daughter. “I am sorry, honey. Do not stand, Jam. You are to sit quietly and watch each one of us.”
Jan sits back down with a nod. “Okay.”
Her father continues to hold and views the computer tablet, slowly standing upright from the loveseat with a smile and then looks down at his daughter. He points back at the entrance wall with the open archway with a smile. “Better yet! Jam, you need to move and go stand over there on the entrance wall and out of target range.”
Jan leaps off the loveseat and dashes ahead, spinning around, leaning against the yellow colored wall paint in silence. Her dad and mom shuffle around and stand in a row with their son all in front of Jan.
Her father motions to Jan again. “You need to move further away from us, Jam. Please go and stand inside the open archway and out of target range, dear.”
“All right!” Jan sidesteps and slaps the air waves, stopping inside the archway beside the floor fern plant.
“You need to stay and stand there quietly, dear.” Her father nods with a smile to his only daughter.
“Okay.” Jan smiles and bounces up and down on her sneakers with excitement.
“Are you ready, Jam, honey?” Her mother smiles.
“Yes.” She nods with eagerness.
A pair of angel wings from an upright individual explodes out, without fanfare, from each straight back spine and then hovers in the air as the air currents swiftly swirl and twirl around Jam coming from the pitch and the yaw of each whirling object. Each pair of angel wings covers the collar bone on each parent like a fuzzy white tinted winter coat and then gracefully arches into a thin bell-shaped curve around each cheekbone going all the way down and almost touches the shiny wooden floor planks.
Jan stares in awe. “Beautiful! I see a halo too.” She bounces up and down on her sneakers with beauty and fun.
“What! Can you really see my angel halo on top of my crown?” Her mother gasps in shock.
“Beautiful! Your angel equipment is so beautiful. When do I get my angel equipment, Mom?”
“The angel equipment is not completed without a white tinted ankle-length angel robe also.” Her mother gently swirls her long robe side to side and then slowly lifts her body up from the wooden planks, floating a few inches in the air, landing back down on her bare feet in silence.
Jam smiles, “You’re so…”
“… shiny...” he smiles.
“...and bright and big and bright and blinding with light ...” She slaps her palm over her two eyeballs and grunts in pain, stretching her finger digits sideways while squinting her two eyelashes as the bright light stings her two eyeballs.
Her father gasps in alarm. “O no! We forget. Here, you go, dear!” He waves his hand and produces a pair of cheap black framed sunglass, releasing the item, floating the item across the room and then the sunglasses hovers in front of her throat.
Jan reaches out and grabs the sunglasses, placing over her eyeballs, viewing the bright light
Her father nods. “Is it better, Jam?”
“Yeah, this is much, much better for my two eyeballs, Dad. Thanks.” Jan wiggles the sunglasses around her nose bridge for better comfort and sight.
“Keep the shades on to protect your pair of human eyeballs.” He nods.
Her mother thumbs back over her collar bone and nods to Jan. “The posterior angel wing shape is called the vane feathers. Since the wing shape is long and stiff with an asymmetrical design for sky and outer space flight up towards heaven and sometimes beyond. The slick wing alignment works hard and sturdy against the air, the natural elements, and all the other un-natural enemies. The angel wings constantly need repair and experience re-growth. Each feather aids us in flight for transportation, thermal insulation for warmth, water proofing from raindrops, snowflakes, and other harsh or dangerous fluids that is spit out by our known enemies which might explode our body into nothingness,” laughing.
Jan gasps in alarm.
“… and for communication ...” Her dad nods.
“… with our enemies too ...” Her mother frowns.
Jan continues to stand safely inside the open archway with alarm and studies her parents.
Her mother nods. “An angel is are born with a set of white feathers. Depending on our angel duty in heaven, the plumage of feathers changes from the primary color of white into an array of rainbow and neon colorations. In our case, our feathers will change color hue with each new human ward and then coordinate with the colorful aura from your assigned human ward that displays his or her physical, emotional, spiritual, medical, and psychological conditions.”
“Do we molt?” Jan frowns.
At the end of the row, Chase continues to stand and chuckles down at the screen while texting on his mobile telephone. “No, White Bread! An angel does not molt their feathers like a sitting tree hanging birdie.”
Her mother nods. “Our feathers are stuck to and on us permanently like a bottle of thick glue. A guardian angel duty is to guard their human ward permanently. Sometimes, a guardian angel is also required to fight like a guard but only for a temporary moment, until the true war angels show up...”
“What!” Jan gasps in shock. “Is there really a flock of war angels? I thought that was only a myth to scare of Satan back down into hell.”
“Yes.” Her father nods with a smile to Jan, “The myth is true and all of that is true facts.”
Her mother clears her throat and sneers at her husband. “However, that is not the current discussion thread at the moment, dear. If your feathers are damaged, then they will simply fall away into a tiny spec of yellow dust and then descend down onto the Earth plane, dissolving into nothingness.”
Jan frowns. “I have never heard of the term nothingness applied to an angel before.”
Chase laughs and continues to view the screen on his phone. “Nothingness is a very angelic term, if you study your Angeldom books, White Bread.”
She cringes with embarrassment and frowns. “O!”
He looks up and winks at his sister, “Here on Planet Earth, you always thought all that yellow pollen came from a pod of tiny bumble bees. Buzz! Buzz!” Chase looks down and laughs, texting back the screen to his friend.
An invisible stream of heated air swiftly glides sideways and slams into an upright Chase as he swiftly leans backwards with a hardy laugh but flings his phone from his hand launching towards the far side wall. Chase gasps in alarm and reaches out, wiggling his fingers, capturing his phone before a terrible fate and holds the item in place. He turns and frowns at the nasty act coming from his mother, “Mom!”
Her mother sneers at her misbehavior son and then turns with a smile to see her lovely Jan, extending her arms. “Come over here and touch my angel equipment, dear.”
Her husband continues to stand and turns with a worried brow viewing the nose profile on his wife, “Uh! You are not allowed to do that non-angelic thing with a human, dear.”
Chase looks up from the phone and gasps in worry at his mother also without words of caution here.
Her mother wiggles her finger and nods to her daughter. “This is not a human. This is my angelic daughter. Come over here and touch my wings, Jam!”
Jan wiggles sideways inside the open archway and slowly dances over the floor, stopping in front her angel mother, reaching out and touches one of the feathers. She smiles and nods with joy. “Your feathers are soft like rabbit’s fur. Each feather is so soft.” She giggles with teenly silliness and expands her range, using both hands and all ten finger pads, caressing the rows of individual feathers, nodding with delight. “Each one is so soft.” She turns and reaches out, touching one of her father's feathers also, nodding with silliness. “Each one is so soft.”
Her mother continues to stand and smiles at her daughter. “This is standard issue on the equipment.”
Jan nods with delight. “I love the standard angel equipment. When will I get my set of standard angel wings, Dad?” She back steps and scoots sideways, reaching out, trying to touch the next pair of wings on her brother.
Chase looks up and then gasps in alarm, “Forget it, White Bread! Do not touch me ever!” His pair of shimmery, white tinted feathers on his angel wings quickly reduce down into a pinky-sized formation and then loudly slurp back down into his back spin. He sits down and leans over, texting on his phone and ignores his sister.
“O! I see. We don’t wanna catch some human coodies.” Jan laughs.
“Something like that!” He plays on his phone.
Jan scoots sideways and slides almost into the naked toes on her mother, reaching out, stroking the collar bone white feathers. She feels the softness of the feathers and then hardness of bones within the wing, looking through the human sunglasses. “I count lots of these tiny vane or vain baby feathers and a few of the longer feather in stiff ...”
“Pull on her wing, Jam.” Her father smiles at the nose profile on Jan.
“Can I really pull on her wing? Will it hurt your wing, Mom?”
Her mother smiles. “There is no pain when lightly pulling on the wing, Jam.”
She shuffles both of her hands upwards with worry and then lightly yanks on the arching wing frame without hearing her mother yell out in pain. “Do the feather fall out ever on an angel?” 
“No, dear.” Her father nods.
Jan nods. “Do the features turn other colors beside white on an angel?”
“No, dear.”
“Do the feathers dull over time to the color of gray or get darker?” Jan nods.
“No, dear.” Chase answers for his father and chuckles while texting on his personal mobile telephone.
Her mother turns and sneers at her son, “All right! There is no more questions about the angel feathers. But you can touch my angel robe, dear.”
Jan back steps and continues to stare at each piece of standard angel equipment in silence, reaching out, touching the robe. She nods with a smile. “Your robe is so silky.
“Soft and silky, well I do believe that actually describes a warrior angel, too,”  their father laughs with delight.
Chase looks up from the phone and gasps in alarm, turning to stare at the rear skull on his father, looking up at the ceiling with worry. For a human, one of the rules is not to tease Almighty God for any reason as Almighty God does not have a sense of humor, only honor.
Thus, one of the first rules of Angeldom is not to tease another angel, especially a war angel. A war angel does not possess a sense of humor, only honor.
He continues to stare at his father and all the illegal touches from his sister on his mother and her standard angel equipment.
In front of the loveseat, her mother nods. “You will learn more after you receive your pair of wings and additional Angeldom lessons.”
Jan back steps and smiles at her mother, giggling with her mental thought of curiosity, “Mom, are you …?”
“Am I what?” Her mother nods.
“Are you...ya know?”
“Do you know what, dear?” Her father frowns at his daughter.
Jan exhales with annoyance and hears the obnoxious laughter coming from her brother, nodding with a smile to her mother, “Well, here go! Are you really nude in body underneath your angel robe?”
“Jam!” Her mother gasps in shock.
Chase looks up and winks at her sister. “No, White Bread! We are not a naked monkey living in the jungle. We all wear a set of clean clothes and underwear like a human,” he looks back down at the screen and laughs for fun.
“Look! I am just asking. No harm, no gain!” Jan flashes in a pink tint of embarrassment on her cheekbones and stares at each parent. Her parent does not change color on a face or a halo or a wing from the lousy question.
“The angel state is a very different state of mind and body,” her mother nods.
“And it is not for the human state of mind and body, like you, White Bread,” Chase continues to laugh and types a new text on his phone.
Jan nods and points up at her mother's head. “Do you feel your halo on top of your head? May I touch your glowing angel halo, Mom?”
Her mother nods with a smile. “Do I feel it? The answer is yes.”
Jan smiles at the halo. “Your halo is straight, not round. I do not understand.”
Her mother nods. “Halo is defined as a band of colored light around a lighted object. The object out there is seen by the ancient equipment of humans or the naked human eyeballs is usually a cosmic planet, its shiny moon, or a dying sun caused scientifically by refracted light from the silver ice particles suspended in the air around the planet. That’s the human creation for the term halo. Then, one human drew a rounded disk for no particular reason around each skull of a dead saint and his or her unseen guardian angel as a circular aura of awe or glory. That too adds to the definition of a halo. You can visually see even through the pair of black tinted sunglasses that a angel halo is flatter than a stack of buttermilk pancakes as the humans said.”
Jan nods. “Does it burn or heat up her hair roots?
“You can touch my halo, dear.”
She reaches up and gently taps the halo, giggling with a smile. “Actually, it’s very cool to my fingers.”
“Yes, it is cool to the touch,” her mother reaches up and gently strokes her own halo. “Your halo sits slightly above the crown of hair and not alone naked in the air waves illuminating the prettiest whitish-yellow light up towards heaven like magic …”
Jan back steps from her mother and nods in silence whiles staring at each piece of standard angel equipment, smiling with happiness and impatiently waiting for my personal gear.
“Angel magic, that is another new term which you will learn in heaven after your getting your angel wings, dear,” her father smiles.
Her mother nods. “It is called electromagnetism. The science concentrates matter with mixed forces...” she frowns. “Jam, are you studying your daily angel lessons before bedtime and right after the supper meal? The angel lessons are very, very important, since you are very close…”
“…to getting my wings. When will I receive my standard angel wings, Mom?” Jan bounces up and down with excitement becoming a true angel at any moment.
Her father nods. “In the angel state, we are very different from a human, especially a teenager too.”
Jan turns and nods to her brother. “Chase, where is your angel halo?”
Chase continues to sit and texts on his phone. “Deactivated.”
Their father nods. “There is also optional angel equipment too.”
Jan smiles. “Well, I have learned that the angel robe is not an optional piece of standard angel equipment,” she giggles with silliness. Her family unit is special and this new event is truly spectacular, because Jan is thrilled about becoming an angel, finally finding out her angle purpose, permanently possessing her angel wings, her halo, her robe, and her angel supernatural magic. She bounces up and down and smiles. “Wow! You’re so grand, angelical, and all that, Mom and Dad and Chase. When do I get my halo?”
Her mother slightly wiggles her body and then her standard angel equipment quickly disappears, wearing her regular street clothes in white hue. She nods. “Your angel wings come first …”
“And then I get my halo next. Is that right?” Jan smiles.
“Earned.” Chase continues to play on his phone. 
Jan turns and frowns at Chase with confusion in silence. He mother nods to her daughter. “As an angel, the pair of wings distinguish you from each human, creature, and beast …”
“The halo is an awarded item, dear,” her father nods.
Jan returns back and frowns at her father. “Why is the halo an awarded item and who will award it to me? I do not understand.”
Her father smiles. “You’ll find that out later in your training.”
“And when do I receive my angel robe?”
“Information is available at the same time as your halo.”
“Wings, when do I receive my standard angel equipment?” Jan frowns.
“We do not know that specific date or time or hour or minute or second, Jam.”
She exhales with disappointment and then smiles at her father. “Then guess! Can you try to guess at the specific date or time or hour or minute or second, Dad?”
Her mother smiles. “You are our little girl ...”
“Foreverly,” her father nods.
“Dad? Mom?” Jan frowns.
Her mother nods. “You are one hundred percent angel energy with an angel purpose living here on Planet Earth while studying and learning about the human experiences from your infancy to your teen-hood …”
“...at eighteen years old.” Chase smiles and texts on his phone.
“At the age of eighteen years old, you become an official heavenly angel. Your pair of angel wings emerges sometime between the human years of seventeen and eighteen years of age, after your seventeenth birthday,” her father smiles.
“Mine didn’t come after my seventeenth birthday party, Dad.” Jan stomps her sneaker and holds back her gathered fury and might of frustration. “It has been days after my birthday and now months, after Chase’s birthday. When?”
“We’re very aware that your angel wings are emerging late, later than your seventeen years of age which might be closer to your eighteenth birthday as a human female,” her mom frowns.
“What! Why! Preferably after my seventeenth birthday, why’s that?”
Her mother smiles. “All that extra time gives you time to adjust to your wings …”
“…for active use and some practice time, dear,” her father smiles.
Jan exhales with confusion. “If my wings aren’t that heavy…”
“No, the angel wings possess a funny sensation at first on top of your collar bones,” her father nods.
“O!” Jan mouths with a smile.
Her mother nods. “The texture is soft and strong with large and small feathers in pure white.”
“You said that twice. Aren’t they always in a pure white color like when they are birthed?” Jan frowns.
Her mother turns and smiles at Chase. “Are your pair of angel wings pure white in hue, Chase?”
Chase stands and explodes out a pair of sixteen feet of wings in white hue that glitters in his body sweat molecules and smells with pine and musk scent. He looks down at the screen on the phone as his wings then reduce down into a tiny pinky finger, sucking back down into his back spine. He plops back down in the chair and plays on his phone with tiny beeps of noise.
“Thank you, Chase!” His mother nods as Jan giggles.
Chase isn’t known for his proper gentleman manners or kind brotherly ways or any decent human-like habits. She prays that her brother is a better angel than human male.
Jan smiles, ”So, will my angel wings appears in pure white hue too?”
Her father nods. “An angel possesses a pair of pure white tails, dear.”
“Good! That's all good! Is it not?”
“Yes, dear. That is all very good.” He shakes his body and makes his standard angel equipment disappear also.
Jan jerks the sunglasses from her face and examines the dark black frame, since her vision is blurred with a double set of funny horizontal geometric figures in the natural light. She looks up and frowns at the fuzzy image of her father. “What is happening to my eyeballs. What did you do to me, Dad?”
Her father shakes his bone skull and turns to see his wife in silence. His wife frowns. 
“I am sorry, dear. I have temporarily morphed both of your pupils into a silver hue. The silver color dulls the angel brightness around our body, maybe clearing your mind for more Angeldom studying. Blink your eyelids a few times and clear out the un-natural color.”
Jan blinks her eyelids a couple of times and then sees each object with a clear view, nodding with a smile. “Now, I see and feel much better now. Thanks, Mom!”
Her father extends his arm and opens his palm. Jan tosses the pair of sunglasses in the air. He reaches out and grabs the free flying sunglasses, placing them down in his open palm. “Angel magic.” He jabs his finger at the sunglasses with his supernatural powers and watches the item. The sunglasses disappear from his hand.
Her mother nods to Jan. “Now, you have seen with your human and non-human eyeballs the equipment for an angel.”
“When do I get my angel equipment?” Jan frowns.
“Come to me over here, Jam!” Her mother holds her arms open. Jan rushes ahead and hugs her mother with love. 
“White Bread.” Chase continues to sit and texts on his personal mobile telephone.
Jan pulls back and smiles to her mother, “You feel all warm and homey, Mom.”
“This is part of the angel thing.” Chase continues to text and smiles at the same time while playing on his phone.
Jan releases her mother and back steps with a smile, bouncing up and down with excitement, smiling at her parents, “I have some many questions. Does it hurt when the wings expand out from your body?”
“No.” Her mother smiles.
“Can you rip, tear, or burn your angel wings?”
“No.”
“Does one or both wings drag behind your feet? Each wing is really large and blinding white in color?”
“Jam, honey.” Her mother frowns.
“White Bread.” Chase continues to sit and text on his phone.
Her mother nods. “A pair of angel wings are lightweight and proportioned to fit your body size as well as being indestructible, soft, durable, strong, and embedded into our body, heart, and angel soul. Nothing will ever separate you from your angel wings.”
“Nothing!” Jan gasps in shock.
“I am absolutely, positively certain that nothing with separate you from your angel wings, dear,” her father nods.
“This is part of the angel thing.” Chase smiles.
Jan turns and frowns at her brother. “He had tested and had been graded at 164 I.Q. I simply don’t understand, Mom.”
Chase looks up and smiles at his sister Jan in silence. Jan laughs and points at his face. “Fool portrait, where’s my cell?” She slaps both of her palms against her pockets on her dress, searching for her mobile telephone, which she does not use but enjoy the lips-to-lips gossip with my best girlfriend Ginger.
Chase cleans his teeth with his tongue sharing another silly grin with the family.
She turns and smiles at her mother. “Well, that answers some of my numerous questions. So, the angle wings are strong and tough and last a lifetime. But what happens at the time when …”
“When! What does that mean?”
“I’m observant, Mom. My back muscles didn’t have. I mean my skin is smooth with no creases there for them …”
“Jam wants to know how the wings shoot out of her body for the first time,” Chase translates and smiles down at the screen on the phone.
Her father nods. “Well, dear, there are lots of theories.”
She frowns. “I want one wing theory, not lots of them.”
“No one really knows when their angel wings will emerge. It depends on the angel launch time that comes ...”
“Isn’t my launch time right now or later tonight or maybe tomorrow?”
“The celestial time slot lands somewhere in-between the human time frame of seventeen and eighteen years old, dear.”
Jan slaps her chest and wears a sour frown. “I’m seventeen and I have been seventeen years old for days. Now, I am going on more hours, of more days, of more months …”
Her mother frowns. “Yes, we are aware of your whines. And yes, we are aware of your time frame in regard to your wings, Jam, honey.”
Jan is quiet and ponders mentally in silence. She can understand her parents not knowing her launch date of her angel wings. Since Chase had gotten his wings right after his seventeenth day of birth. She nods to her parents. “So, I wanna know how will I recognize the pre-wing symptoms.”
“There aren’t any pre-symptoms like the common cold, dear.” Her father frowns.
Chase smiles. “Jam means signs.”
“Chase, do you care to address that question for your sister?”
“Nope!”
Jan nods. “Do the angel wings…”
“Painful!” Chase laughs and continues to play on his mobile telephone. His sister gasps in fear and turns with a worried brow, staring at her brother in silence.
“Chase!” Their mother frowns. Chase sniggers and continues to play on phone.
Jan exhales with worry and then nods. “So, how does the pain really feel like a painful bruise or a broken bone or a ruptured …?”
Her mother nods, “You reached out and touched my angel feathers. My feathers is soft.”
Jan stomps her feet on top of the floor and flames in fury “No, Mom! I wanna know here. How does it feel when your angel wings emerge or pop out or inflate or spread out?”
“Inflate is the best term.” Her mother nods.
Chase continues to sit and smiles while playing on his phone. “I like to explode out.”
Her mother shakes her blonde colored pixie hairstyle. “Now, we have had enough discussion about the angel equipment. We should discuss briefly the angel purpose. Come and sit beside me on the sofa, Jam, honey,” she sits down and pats an empty seat on the sofa. Jan spins around and sits down next to her mother while listening to the new Angeldom information, where she never studies her angel lessons.
“White Bread.” Chase smiles.
“Dear, we should wait, when the time is right.” Her husband continues to stands and frowns down at the blonde hair roots on his wife.
His wife smiles at Jan. “The purpose…”
“Yes.” Jan nods.
“The purpose is the same for every angel.”
“Yes.”
“A millennium or two ago …”
“It was exactly 65,000 BC, when the angel purpose started.” Dad swiftly corrects.
“Yes.” Jan smiles.
Her mother clears her throat, “You’re correct, dear. My mistake!”
“That’s okay, dear,” her husband nods.
Her mother starts with a nod. “The purpose …”
“Blurt it out already!” Jan tosses both of her arms in the air and exhales strings of sour breathes as her heart rate increases.
“Every angel purpose is to escort a newborn soul down here to Planet Earth and plant the baby soul safely inside the womb of the mother-to-be for birthing a human infant into life. This is not our angel purpose.” Her mother grins with a nod. Her father grins with a nod also. Chase plays with his phone in delight.
Jan gasp in shock. “What!”
Her mother laughs and then nods. “Each one of us is a guardian angel. That is our angle type.”
Jan nods and claps with excitement. “Wow! Super cool!” She cradles her arms and looks down at a pretend baby performing her angel job. “So, I carry a tiny precious baby soul made of little itsy-bitsy combo of flesh tissues and bone fragments which is known as a fetus but entitled by a mother human as a baby. Then I give the infant human his or her own little life. Wow! That’s awesome. So, that’s how a life begins here on Planet Earth.”
“I like Jam’s description better.” Chase smiles down at the screen.
“Why is my description so funny over there within your brain cells, Chase?” Jan turns and frowns at her brother.
Her mother turns and sneers at her son. “Ignore your brother.” Chase chuckles and types a text on his phone. His mother returns back and nods to Jan.
Jan frowns. “Chase is not my brother anymore. He is an angel now,” she turns and nods back at her mother. “Do I touch the baby soul, Mom?”
“No.” Chase smiles down at the screen with the new text message.
Her father nods. “The method is a little more complicated than your famous storybook fairy tale, dear. You will learn on your first day of angel duty.”
Jan frowns. “How is that more complicated, Dad? I carry the baby soul in my hands and give the baby to the mother-to-be. Wow! Awesome!”
Her mom says. “The baby soul descends down for his or her heavenly nursery while traveling gently inside the cloud transportation, not inside any type of supernatural entity curled hands or open palms or folded forearms from an angel or another angel body part, Jam. If you had reviewed your Angeldom scripture, then you would recall that a life angel is the official transporter of a baby souls and do not come equipped with any finger pads, hands, arms, toes, feet, and legs underneath their robe for…”
“A guardian angel does not travel back and forth to heaven, dear,” her father nods.
Her mom smiles. “A life angel carries the tiny creation down from the heavenly nursery and hands to their assigned biological mother-to-become here on Planet Earth. A life angel does not touch the heavenly baby soul in fear of contamination with their own angel karma. However, the baby carrier is composed of natural cloud puffs of condensed air and dry moisture which forms the baby transport …”
“And you thought the white swirling clouds are just hanging around prettily within the blue sky,” Chase sniggers and plays on his phone.
Jan frowns. “A life angel does not touch the baby soul. The other day, Chase left here and went up into heaven and then he touched something. What did you touch, Chase?”
“The other day, it was a unique private angel manner requiring a chat with Saint Michael,” her mother nods.
Jan gasps in shock and views her brother. “Chase, he saw the awesome Arch-angel Saint Michael. I get to see Saint Michael when I travel up to heaven on my first hour as a new angel too.”
Chase looks up and winks at his sister. “Arch-angels Gabriel, Azrael, and their terrific angel kids too. Each one of us is a guard in the great battlefield of souls.”
“All right! That's enough of that war talk, son,” his father turns and frowns at Chase. Chase nods in silence and then looks down, playing on his phone.
“I know that too.” She frowns.
Her mom reaches out and taps the arm on her daughter. Jan returns back and nods to her mother. Her mother says. “A life angel travels from the place of heavenly souls, then she or he places the baby soul inside the womb of the future mother-to-be with her or his tender loving angel care, which ends the angel purpose for the life angel.”
“A wonderful loving process, I love it, Mom. So, I don’t touch the soul in the human infant baby,” Jan quickly paraphrases the one of many Angeldom lessons for the day which should last her brain cells for another month or until she possesses her pair of angel wings.
“Naw.” Chase frowns and continues to play on his phone.
“Then, do I get to do something else with the baby’s soul? Is that all? I’m still confused here,” Jan shakes her blonde colored pixie hairstyle.
Her father turns and frowns at the nose profile on his son while speaking to his daughter. “The purpose for a life angel begins and ends with defending the baby soul as the baby soul complete her or his soul contract from the glorious birth to the pleasant death. The end,” her turns and smiles at his daughter.
“The end.” Chase exhales with annoyance and stops playing on his phone, staring down at the screen.
Jan frowns at her father. “Defend?” She turns and frowns at her mother desiring more a detailed explanation with that strange word. “Wow! That’s a strong word within an angel purpose. Why is that word in an angel purpose? I don't understand, Mom.” Chase coughs out loud and continues to stare down at the screen on his phone, without texting his friend.
Her mother reaches over and pats the forearm on her daughter with a nod. “Chase had mentioned before there are numerous types of angels including a guardian angel, a messenger angel, a warrior angel, and others that I will not discuss here today. You, Chase, I and your father are birthed from the heavenly angel nursery as a guardian angel...”
She slaps her chest with puzzlement. “I...I am a guard as an angel. I am a guardian angel that guards someone.”
“You, Chase, I and your father, each one of us is a guard that guards our assigned human ward here on the Earth plane.”
She waves both of her arms in the air and wiggles the upper torso with a smile, “Who? What? When? How? Where?”
Her mother nods with a stern face and points up at the second level, where Jan’s bedroom stands. “But you can read all about your angel type and your angel purpose during your next Angeldom lesson, dear. Each type of angel has a different task and…”
“… takes …” Chase frowns and stares down at the screen on his phone.
Her mom exhales with annoyance and then swiftly stands upright from the sofa cushion on her bare feet, smiling down at her daughter. “The angel discussion thread has closed today, Jam, honey.”
Chase swiftly stands upright from the recliner seat with a stern face without shouting out his famous insult, moving ahead towards the archway, exiting the living room setting. He climbs the staircase and pads towards his private bedroom in silence.
His parents slowly exit the living room in silence and move ahead to the kitchen space to prepare the evening meal.
On top of the sofa, Jan leaps up from the cushion with a gasp and watches the back spine on each parent, shouting out loud in frustration, “Mom! Dad!” She stares at the open archway and sparkling tiny plume of dust balls in the air currents, exhaling with annoyance, slowly padding towards the archway. Then she hears words inside her human mind: You will receive another angel lesson tomorrow afternoon or maybe the next day, Jam, honey.”
Her angel mother had connected, linked, and Tele talked from her mind into to her daughter's human mind. Then her mother connects to both her children: I’ll fix us some homemade veggie pizza for supper. How does that sound? I'll call you when the hot food is ready.
“Yes, ma’am.” Jan shouts out loud to her mother as she cannot speak in angel telepathic words back to her angel mother and brother. She exits the living room setting while hearing numerous clanking pots and pans shift around inside the kitchen. 
Chase is out of sight and hearing, lounging in his private and safe sanctuary, the bedroom.
She turns and climbs the staircase, looking down at each wooden step, padding towards her private and messy bedroom to study for her math test tomorrow morning at her school as her mind ponder more details of her angel purpose.
On the second floor, she stomps over the smooth wooden floor and continues to stare down at the polished light wood in her mental thoughts.
Chase technically isn’t called her biological brother anymore; but he is and but he isn’t, since he has acquired his angel wings and is called officially an angel.
She does not possess a pair of angel wings, so she is still called Jan. She giggles with her silly mental thoughts and turns to the side, heading into her messy teen bedroom.
“Crimson Tail.” He whispers the two words in the air waves that hit her sensitive human eardrums.
Jan stops with a gasp before entering her bedroom setting and spins around with a frown, crossing her arms, seeing her brother. Chase leans against the door frame in his bedroom with his folded arms. She nods in silence. He spins around and returns back into his bedroom in silence.
Jan gasps in shock and then turns surveying an empty second floor level without seeing her nosy parents, returning back and views an open archway without her brother. She claps with excitement with more secret Angeldom information from her clever brother and dashes across the hallway, entering his private room.
The room is rectangular-shaped in white colored paint on each wall. Their children will become a full-time angel any day now, so their parents will sell their house to a true pair of humans when the house becomes an empty nest. Then their parents will start their full-time job as a life angel and make the world a better place.
On the long entrance wall, there is an entrance door beside a set of small and tall chest of drawers that hold all of his personal clothes with an open archway that leads into a private lavatory in yellow hue with the standard bathroom equipment. On the opposite side, the long wall displays a row of glass windows that usually display the quiet city street in front of their happy home. Now, the thick long dark purple colored drapes which appear almost midnight black with a tiny vertical streaks of sparkling violet hues puddles down over the wooden floor and blocks the bright sunlight inside his room. On one of the short side walls in white paint, a simple turquoise colored wooden headboard and footboard queen-sized bed frame with a messy burnt orange bed comforter and a set of matching bed linens and three pillows. On each side of the bed frame, a matching pair of night stands with small and tiny junk items over the hard surface. On the opposite side of short wall, the other short wall displays a long work table that holds a computer laptop for homework assignments from the human high school and the angel lessons along with small and tall stacks of hard and soft items that represents electronic devises for fun entertainment as a high school teenage male.
The best feature inside his bedroom appears on three walls, hand-drawn colorful portraits of each known heavenly Arch-angel glows in the darkness that calms the scary looking environment for a human teen and also a teen angel.
Chase is an angel and is blessed with art talents also that only come from our Heavenly Father.
She slides inside the room with a grin and stops a few inches from the open archway in silence as her eyeballs adjust to the dark room.
Chase glows with an angel aura and sits on top of his bed mattress, slamming the wooden headboard with his broad shoulders while allowing the loud sound to echo around the enclosed space with his secret signal.
She reaches back and grabs the door knob, slowly closing the door shut, not locking out their parents, but allowing a secret meeting without their nosy parents. the door silently shuts. She releases the door knob with a soft giggle and pads ahead towards his work bench, sitting down in his black tinted padded student chair, facing his bed frame. “Crimson Tide.” She whispers from her lips that reach his super sensitive angel eardrums.
He smiles and then frowns at his sister, whispering back to his angel born sibling. “Crimson Tail.”
She nods. “O! I thought you whispered to me the word, Crimson Tide. That familiar motto is the infamous college football team that you and our father watch by standing and performing like a pair of trained lion seals with the hand clapping, back slapping, foot stomping, mouth drooling, throat growling, dog barking and hick yelling at the re-runs...”
“Re-plays.”
She flips her pale colored hand that glows in the dark room also as she is born as an angel too. “Whatever!”
He nods with a stern face. “A Crimson Tail visually describes the status of an angel within the heaven’s chain of command that starts at the bottom of the mighty celestial totem pole, Sis. A Crimson Tail is loudly associated with some of the more known beings that are called bad angels or dark angels or the famous name is a fallen angel.”
“Wait! As of now, all the bad angels had been kicked out from heaven by our Heavenly Father and his army of arch-angels, Chase. Yeah, I had heard that celestial term, a time or two.” She nods with a stern face. She had overheard some angel information coming from my parents late at night when she had been seeking more food nourishment for a growing teen angel.
“And the bad angles had been kicked out from the Garden of Eden here on Planet Earth during the Great Battle eons ago.”
She nods and continues to communicate her cooperation with her whisper back to her brother. “Okay. We have established the game rules, now the game begins.”
“A Crimson Tail uses that name, because their two tails on their long, pure white colored angel wings are coated in …”
“… blood...” She gasps in shock.
His pale skin flames in white illuminate that reflects his intense emotions and as Chase visual cringes from her word and frowns with concern making him look mad. “How...how did you know that, Jam?”
“I know that one. So, you invited me here. So, tell me in here! Why do I need to know that one, Chase?” She frowns. He does not answer for a few seconds. She swiftly stands upright from the chair as the chair back hits the work bench with a loud boom. She yells out loud in frustration. “Chase!”
He exhales with concern. “The coating of red hue is really human blood that represents the soul of a dead human newborn.” She does not answer for a few seconds. He screams out loud in fear. “Jan!”
She slowly back steps with a stern face and plops back down in padded student chair, whispering her words back to her brother, “I can wait on that terrible explanation coming from our parents on that next angel lesson which might be tomorrow or maybe the day after tomorrow.” She reaches up and brushes each fly-away hair strands from her sweaty face, staring at her glowing brother, which is his angel aura.
He looks down at his open palms and swallow the bitter bile down a tight throat, looking up to see Jan, whispering his words. “The twin tails on the angel wings of a Crimson Tale contain true human blood from a dead baby. Our mom and dad will not tell you this Crimson Tail.”
She nods with a stern face. “I can understand why. So, you do not need to speak of this either,” Jan turns and faces the entrance door, seeing the shut door with her angel eyeballs, swiftly standing upright from the padded chair.
“Jan, please sit down and listen to me!” He yells out loud with worry.
“I …” spin around and study the long carpenter’s woodman-ship on the short wall which is quite handsome for a plain piece of tree bark.
He stares at her back spine, “Please, Jan!”
She swings around and sits back down, staring at her brother with a nod. “Just for a little bit, the delivery pizzas will be here soon.”
“That was last night.” He smiles.
“What was last night?”
“We had delivery pizzas last night for our supper meal, Jam. Our mom and dad are both downstairs cooking spaghetti and meat tails.” he laughs with his sick joke.
“Chase! That was not fun or funny or humorous. I’ll go and tell to our mom. Then you will not be laughing here anymore.”
He nods with a smile but he is not joking here, “You can do that and tattle as always. Our mother will deny the word, the sentence, and this entire conversation.”
She waits for the explanation from him. Chase is a good angel and studies his angel duty while waiting to receive his angel orders for his angel purpose. He is the best source for figuring out an angel purpose. Yet, Jan is afraid to find out more about an angel purpose at the moment. This day has been a big surprise for her teenly girly hormones and angel senses. She exhales with a nod to her brother. “Okay. I wanna hear about this new crimson angel…”
“Crimson angel ain’t a nickname up there in heaven. The color is a kill ratio. The first kill…”
“Kill!” Jan screams out loud and swiftly stands upright in fear, flipping her hand in the air, “This…this crimson angel had killed or kills or has killed or will kill me or you or her or him....”
He lifts up both of his palms near his stern face, nodding at her. “Jan, please calm down! Please, sit down quietly. I will explain the rest of this terrible act along with terrible action.”
She sits down and nods with worry. “Okay.”
He drops both of his hands down into his lap and exhales with relief. “The first kill of a baby’s heavenly soul by this type of angel coats the bottom layer of the angel’s soft and tiny vane feathers turning each feather into dark crimson red hue and destroys the innocent pure white color.”
“A pure tail is a guardian angel. That’s another heavenly nickname.”
He nods. “Yes, you are correct. So, you have heard or read of that heavenly term.”
“Yeah, our parents speak in riddles, sometimes, when we were young.”
He nods. “This a quick Angeldom lesson for your angel brain cells, since you don’t always study, kiddo…”
“Please! You do not perform a good imitate of our mom's tenor voice, brother.”
“Jam, you are an angel-in-waiting, so you are required to study, train, and practice …” “Cell phone flash there, angel boy! No one told me. No one gave me. No one showed me.”
He nods. “The wing coloration is a piece of important datum in distinguishing the major roles of each celestial assignment. The hue of black is a warrior angel, only. The more experienced a warrior angel is the more decorated his or her wings with a single or multi-band of colors blending the colors like a rank of awesomeness power where silver is the highest honor for a warrior angel. Believe me! You will learn to respect that angel rank. The hue of silver feather is a death angel. Believe me more seriously here! A deather is off limits to a human, an angel, a demon, and some aliens I have met here in this galaxy, last week.” Chase chuckles.
“Aliens!” Jan gasps in shock.
“A messenger angel displays multi-colored and multi-patterned wings. Don’t ask me the logic of heavenly truth here. Metatron, the arch-angel of all the messenger angels likes lots of creativity within his flock.” Jan smiles. He nods. “Blue and pink colors coat the solid pair of wings on each life angel; but that overall effect is more like a protective shield, since their pair of wings are really a pure white hue underneath the invisible strong angel shielding, until each one graduates into a new assignment and steps up into a new circle…”
“Candy pink for each female and baby blue for each boy. Awe! So, cute! So, each shade of color does come out from heaven,” she folds both of her hands underneath her chin tilting her chin to the side, batting her two eyelashes at her brother. She imagines a cute little newborn human baby soul on her first angel assignment when Jan finally becomes an official life angel, once she receives her angel wings.
He smiles. “Jam, this is a great angel and human lesson here for you and me and everyone. Everything comes down from heaven from our Heavenly Father. That nasty guy Satan just steals it all, since he has nothing good to claim, but his evil wickedness, in which, he uses and abuses for his evil purposes. Do not forget that lesson! You are welcome for your newest Angeldom lesson for the day, since you don’t …”
“Look here, bro! I am very busy here learning and living as a teen human girl, which is not easy, but hard.”
Chase rolls his eyeballs and returns back with a smile to see Jan, “So, a guardian angel starts out with as pure white. Once the baby soul or their new heavenly ward is safely birthed here on Planet Earth, then the baby and guardian angel bonds immediately. A guardian angel guards their soul ward and their soul’s favored interests, hobbies, activities and everything else that kinda changes the coloration from a white hue on the guardian angel wings. Think of it this way! It is like your tongue trying different flavors of ice cream, missing your lips, then spilling the flavors all over your clothes, not washing your clothes ever until the soul’s pre-set termination death day,” he laughs with Jan.
She nods with a smile. “O! That’s a good example for me to understand, since I need to study my Angeldom more and will look up that particular reference tonight, after I have studied for my current human high school tests. So, why is our mother’s angel wings still appear in a pure white hue. She been a guardian angel for centuries.”
“When the new baby soul ascends down from heaven from a life angel and is followed down by the guardian angel, the angel wings on that guardian angel appears as fluffy pure white hue each time.”
“Why?”
“Well, there is a very good explanation which is explained in details within your Angeldom lessons.”
“What Angeldom lessons? Tell me right now! I do not have time...”
“Jam!” Chase shakes his bone skull and exhales with worry. “The true lesson here right now for me and you and mom and dad. A Crimson Tail, the spilled blood comes from each unborn soul on an innocent baby that is carried by the life angel before entering the Earth plane without delivering down into the womb on the mother-to-be. Unfortunately, this spilled blood going into a Crimson Tail will also happens when the assigned guardian angel tragically loses the physical dog fight for the life force of the human baby and the heavenly soul.”
She gasps in fear. “Before...before...before entering the womb on the mother-to-be? No. No! No way! Chase, none of your words do not make any sense to me. You are wrong. No one has ever or never spoke of this terrible, awful, horrible act happening to a tiny baby soul or a life angel or a guardian angel or …”
“Jam, no one has ever or never spoken verbally of this unusual and specific tragic event, because, only, the guardian angel survives the trial or test, not the mean old Crimson Tail.”
She nods with a stern face, “O! I am a guardian angel to guard. The life angel is not required to fight. A guardian angel is a guard and is required to fight, but never loses for anything. Yes way! And angel does not lose for anything. Right on! An angel is strong and good and the best and …”
“… sometimes, an angel does.”
She shakes her blonde pixie curls and slaps her chest with a sour frown. “No. No. An angel always wins. You and I are two angels from heaven, the good guy and gal,” laughing.
“Jan!” he shakes his bone skull.
She looks down and stares down at the dark floor that does not glow like her angel brother, exhaling with worry, shivering within her human female teen body with fear. Jan looks up and wears a worried brow, staring at her glowing brother, whispering her words that echo in the room and reach his two eardrums. “You’re…you are weirdening me out, Chase, by calling me, Jan.”
“I’m not trying to scare you or weird your mind or your body out of this word,” he nods with a smile while trying to comfort her girly human emotions. “Jam.” He exhales with worry. “The angel purpose that our parents had mentioned earlier today they had left out some very important heavenly facts out. I believe that you need to know.”
“Our mom will tell me all that missing Angeldom information tomorrow or the next day session. She told me so, today. I believe her words and her heart that is good for me.”
He shakes his long blonde-haired curls with a stern face. “No! Our mom and dad will not tell you this very important information. They cannot. They are not really allowed to share this heavenly data with you as you are still in semi-human format, not a pure angel.”
“O! They cannot; but you can.”
Chase shrugs his collar bone with a slight grin. “I’m in-between my angel job, kinda. I really don’t have any rules to follow as I am not a human and I am not an angel, only a semi-brother.”
She frowns. “In-between an angel assignment, how are you in-between an angel assignment? You don’t know your true angel purpose. You do live or visit heaven on a daily basis. What does this nonsense? A crimson colored blood-tainted pair of angel tails mean to me or for me or with me.”
“The heavenly purpose for each angel is to become when needed to act as a guard or a soldier or a warrior within this continuous War of Good versus Evil which has been in motion, since the beginning when Lucifer decided to challenge our Heavenly Father. So, each angel is a true protector of a newborn soul which lovingly descends down from their loving Heavenly Father into the womb of their assigned loving Earthling Mother.”
She gasps in shock. “Protectors! I know that each angel is a protector too. I, also, know that you had learned that new angel information from Arch-angel Saint Michael from your private heavenly meeting up there in heaven along with the other arch-angels. And I had figured that out all by myself, without studying …”
“You guessed all of that. It was a lucky guess,” he frowns at his stubborn angel sister, who does not like to obey the Angeldom rules.
She nods with a smile. “I, also, know that Michael is head arch-angel of the cosmic battlefield; since he is the first warrior angel and not a lowly life angel like us. However, I don’t understand the term of killing any innocent life form. That’s so violence and wrong and scary and terrible and horrible. Isn’t against all of our angel rules?”
“You are correct. This terrible act contains megatons of terrible and horrible violence,” he nods with a worried brow.
I sneer with a sour tone, “I am not a violent person or being or entity or human or angel, Chase. I’m sweet. I’m kind. I’m a …”
“…fighter in which you will learn to become, I promise. A Crimson Tail exhibits a set of serrated feathers on each one of their angel wings on each side, on purpose. The leading edge of their vane feathers serve them with a silent flight in a sneaky stalk with an accurate hunt and finally a deadly single kill shot making each Crimson Tail very successful as a cold-blooded killing machine with a pair of cold limbs and a single colder heart. Because their human and angel compassions are surrendered to serve only one entity who is named Satan.” He nods with a stern face. “You must learn all of this, Jam, honey.”
She nods with a smile. “Chase, please, keep going here! Please, tell me more about everything. I’m your full-blooded human sister.”
He shakes his skull bone with a smirk. “I cannot do that. Later, gator!” Chase swiftly vanishes in thin air using his angel powers and leaves his bedroom mattress. Jan gasps in shock and stares at the messy bed frame inside the dark room like a creepy horror movie.
Supper’s on. Their mother shouts out loud in the air that carries from the first level with her loud human voice at her daughter on the second level.
“O!” Jan laughs with amusement and slowly stands upright from the padded chair, padding towards the closed door like a human. Her angel brother had used his angel powers without traveling through the physical doorway inside his private bedroom. She smiles. “Chase had heard our mom calling through her angel telepathy. Or he had smelled the stack of delivery hot pizzas. Yeah, the latter, he smelled the pizzas.” She slams open the door like a human girl and dashes out from his room, running down the staircase, smelling the pizzas with her human nostrils.
At the bottom of the tall staircase, his physical body slowly strolls four paces across the wooden floor and continues to shimmy in an array of pretty rainbow colors within his angel state and then slowly starts to fade forming a faint green tinted outline of an upright figure, without becoming a solid human male.
I continue to stomp down each step and gasp in confusion, yelling at his fade outline. “Chase, you’re shimmering. Mom, Dad, come quick inside the hallway! Chase is fading from his human form and staring to leave our house for some strange something. What is happening to Chase? What is going on here, Mom and Dad?” I stop and stand on the staircase in shock and puzzlement.
“Central calling!” Her mother angel shouts out loud with her human voice and then quickly flashes from the kitchen space, appearing in human format inside the hallway with her angel husband. Both of his parents smile at the brightly shimmer and faint outline on angel Chase. She nods with a grin. “Well, finally! Our angel son Chase is being summoned for his angel purpose up there in heaven. Everyone, stand stay until his angel form leaves our house completely!” Each pair of eyeballs continues to watch Chase fade in and out in vivid rainbow hues of blinking light.
“I love you, Chase.” His mother smiles and shouts out loud wiping each one of her happy tear for her angel son and his first angel assignment.
“Good luck, son!” His father smiles with a touch of worry for his angel son and leans over, hugging his wife, still staring at Chase.
“I don’t need it, my angel parents.” His voice echoes out form his whitish-silver rounded ball of bright glow and then quickly vanishes from the hallway while leaving the faint ting from the active heat unit humming within each pair of eardrums inside the quiet house.
On top of the staircase step, Jan rolls her eyeballs and returns back looking down at the empty air space that had held her glowing brother. She sneers with her human sisterly jealousy. “That 264 IQ serves him well.”
Her parents continue to hug each other and softly cry with wet tears of happiness for their first angel child and his wonderful angel future that serves the Heavenly Father.
Chapter 6


Cast of Characters:


Teenage humans:

Argus, teen student, son of billionaire Archie Michael
Capri, teen student, girl of Argus


Angel Preceptors:

Blade, chauffeur of Argus
Garrison, bodyguard of Argus
Nia, bodyguard of Argus
Quanta, girl of Garrison


Teen angel:
Aneathea, angel-in-training and bodyguard of Argus


Story location:

Birmingham is the largest major city within the US State of Alabama which resides the United States of America. The city was first settled in the year 1813 and was called “Elyton.” The English name was assigned by a land company which financial backed the US Railroad System that had been used to transport the earth mineral iron ore and other steel raw products coming out from the numerous southern rural farm towns and traveling directly up into the northern industrial cities during the early 21st Century.
The city of Birmingham is located between the Appalachian Mountain Ridge and the Valley Region within north central Alabama, composing a land area mass of 144.4 square miles with numerous mountain peak elevations up to 600 feet in height. Some of the major cities within a one hundred-mile radius of Birmingham include a set of smaller and densely populated towns of Montgomery within the southern geographical area, Huntsville within the northern geographical region, and Tuscaloosa within the southwest part of the state.


Story Plot:

In metro city Birmingham, within the US State of Alabama, Aneathea is a new angel-in-training and is assigned to live on Planet Earth in order to pass her Opus Sanctorum Angelorum, which is a celestial test that is performed both at day light and night time exposure among the living, working, and playing humans for a specific period of time on the planet.
Every angel must pass this celestial trial before continuing to the next step of wing attainment.
In order to pass her angel test, she has also been given a second role as a bodyguard for handsome, charming, seventeen years old high school student Argus, who is the son of billionaire Archie Michael.
Chapter 7



Four months later...

Monday May 15th


In the rear seat of the rolling black tinted limousine at the Highway 31 location, on a heated day with clear skies, a sweet timber shouts out loud from a teenage high school female. “Stop it, Argus!”
I studiously stare my pair of brown tinted eyeballs directly out the bullet-plated window and comfortably cruise inside the same limousine quietly sitting inside a molded leather passenger seat beside the limousine driver while observing all the people on top of the vanilla colored sidewalk city streets. I wear my baseball cap backwards and blink my eyelashes while getting a better perspective of city life in metro city Birmingham within the US State of Alabama.
Inside the limousine, on top of the leather seat, I could feel the human violence rumble between my strong bones like a set of tiny needles of ice picks coming from the source of the cruel and hatred mental human vibrations that flash in and out within the city atmosphere which is located above the cooling air currents of metro city Birmingham. The newly spilled human blood of a recent murder smells pungently and stinky inside my delicate set of nostrils while it emits slowly coming up from the ground soil like a pile of fresh dog poopy. I luckily don’t see that ghost or these numerous parked ghosts which are trapped here between the earthly plane and the heavenly skyline, when an individual dead human is traumatized into a spiritual separation of the Soul from the Shell. The thought tickles my mental mind. I remember from my celestial teachings that matter cannot be destroyed, only changed continuously.
My pair of eyeballs acutely scan the new landscape that consists of numerous abandoned buildings, littered dirty concrete streets, weathered brown tree bark, polluted and weeded ditches, stray, lost, and scared animal pets, and sadly of all, the melody of angry, mad, and hateful humans which consist of homeless street people, playground children, business company employees, home-bound mothers, school bound students, hospital bound sickly patients, church volunteers, and finally the unemployed retirees as I speedy travel inside the cool interior of the limousine while jaunting down one of the numerous paved gray tinted roadways towards the new manor.
A set of precious and delicate human Souls walk, stroll, strut, drive, pedal, and press a pair of leather shoes, plastic sandals, or naked heels on top of the concrete pavement every day and night while missing gleefully the colorful cascading eternity battle above an earthly skull.
The bright yellow sun contains thirty million degrees of heat and light which nicely disguises the heavenly war that wages within the baby blue skies that dip and tip between the set of swirling white clouds as I continue to stare at the full action and then reaction, viewing each angel jump from battle to the next battle that stretches across invisible air currents and fights above each hill, valleys, and mountain of Birmingham.
Inside the limousine on top of the leather seat, I am a heavenly angel.
There are seven levels of heavenly angels with their own individual great strength, poor weakness, awesome powers, and specific talents which includes every seraph up to each arch-angel. Each angel has one particularly role that is shared up in heaven and down on the planet with a set of business-like celestial supervisors, an array of Angeldom academic classes, and all the necessary warrior angel training sessions to become a supernatural being that is known as an angel.


168 years ago
Rural community of Neeta within US State of Tennessee
First human visit


I had earned and was then rewarded with a human pathway to the pearly gates of heaven coming from love and sacrifice for my family, after I had been birthed, in the year 1845, before the Civil War Between the States, within the great State of Tennessee.
The Civil War had started on the twelfth of April, in the year 1861 and fought until the ninth of April, in the year 1865, between the Union soldiers, which consisted mostly of the northern region of the United States, and the Confederacy gentlemen, who had vocally declared a secession with numerous Southern states with the United States of America over one single social issue: the slavery of a man and a woman and a child. After four long years of bloody combat between all the American brothers and sisters, the Confederacy was totally defeated. Then, slavery was abolished.
Then, the South region was a financial, economic, and land property ruin as each southern family survived and lived without a house over the naked skull, a plate of food for a mouth, a roll of money for each health well-being, and a tub of medicine for the dying.
I had lived among food poverty, US federal government taxes, family starvation, and each quick death of all my kin while seeing that all the males died in youth within the Civil War as I became a lonely maiden within the state of Tennessee.
All my family members had expired from a physical sickness as each one of my neighbors fought for twelve ears of soggy rotten corn during the hardy, snowy winter of Tennessee and then died from starvation. As each human slowly died, I continued to slowly care, tend, and outlive a set of numerous mothers, fathers, teenagers, toddlers, and infants within the rural community of my home. Then finally, I died and ascended up and into heavenly peace.


Home of the Angels
Heaven, an infinity of space and time


I had re-appeared and then sanitized after my Soul arrival within the space and the place of heaven. “Sanitation” was a heavenly process of cleaning and cleansing out the Soul from human pain and pleasure while erasing the spiritual mind from the shameful and shockingly human earth-trapped mental memories. After a brief rest and recovery, I had met and ate breakfast, lunch, and dinner meals with a couple of other heavenly brothers and sisters. Then, I had received from Central a new angel assignment and returned back down to the planet in the precious form of a human baby for a second time. I had felt the pain and suffering inside the birth canal from the new mother and then quickly emerged, breathing in the first taste of oxygen.


83 years ago
City of Hartford, within the U.S. State of Connecticut
Second human reincarnation visit


I had lived in the city of Hartford, within the US State of Connecticut, inside the northern section of the United States of America, in the year 1939, during the end of the historical Great Depression.
The Great Depression was the deepest and longest economic downturn, within the history of the USA, which began on the twenty-ninth of October in the year 1929, where the US stock market crashed and smoked for ten years, until the year 1939. The US Stock Market crash placed millions of Americans out of work as each company businesses closed and every crop farmer walked off a plantation to find their own food and shelter which was all underneath the leadership of President Herbert Hoover.
After the 1932 presidential election, Franklin D. Roosevelt had won in a landslide and then established a series of federal financial social programs that would become known as the “New Deal.” The New Deal had aimed at helping a farmer and hiring unemployed people to build roadways and maintain the infrastructure structure of a city sewer and a city water plant while the US economy peak into success at the entrance of the USA into World War Two.
I had worked as a studious librarian, tended sick and ill family members, and then died old and broken at the age of eighty-three years from a swift heart attack.
Then I had ascended once again as a living Soul up towards the familiar pearly gates and landed in front of heaven, greeted by Saint Peter with a big happy smile, and enjoyed the peaceful atmosphere, until I had accepted a new angel assignment on the planet.
Inside the cool air-conditioned limousine on top of the smooth passenger leather seat through the bullet proof window, I see the homeless man, who rests underneath the interstate bridge which is four blocks over from the roadway Magnolia Street as the limousine lumbers in and out of slow traffic along the roadway. I possess some kind of supernatural power of x-ray vision, where I see through the mineral lead also. This is one of my many angel powers that I have learned to possess and carry during my brief Angeldom class, before tromping back down to the red clay of Birmingham.
The solo angel of death physically collects the Soul of the dead man from underneath the interstate bridge. A death angel roams around individually but is known as the pack group like a gang of globetrotting girl and boy heavenly troopers with a matching uniforms and accessories for visiting Planet Earth. There are over six billion people on the globe with a human death every second of the day and the night which would require many trips by a single angel of death. Thus, there is an army of them.
The tall and large boned female with a head of waist long curly silver hair, a tone of dark glowing skin, a pair of silver tinted eyeballs wears a white sheath dress underneath the black long-sleeved knee length jacket while carrying a black leather briefcase. The leather briefcase, celestially in a sense, captures the Soul as the Soul hovers out from the human-shell appearing as a blue gooey pulsated-shaped basketball which is surrounded by a thin black band of aura. Over the centuries, a death angel corrals the Soul separating the heavenly essence from the human-shell before it escapes out into the planetary atmosphere creating a human eyeball seeing and human eardrum hearing Earth-bound ghost. Then, the death angel briefcase with the captured Soul and the death angel swiftly ascend back into the sky coming up from the grassy green park while returning back into heaven, where the Soul is re-juiced for another celestial purpose by The Source.
The death angel turns a stern face with a nod to see the young angel inside the limousine while swiftly ascending up towards the top of white swirling clouds, through the baby blue skyline and then into the midnight dark and cold outer space limit, and finally they will arrive safely inside heaven out of physical sight and harm. These beautiful and deadly gals and guys are ancient and possess a set of limited awesome powers but hold a secret clearance over all angels. And all other angels, such like, the life, messenger, guardian, warrior, and few aliens give them a very wide berth in terms of walking, strutting, and flying sky boundaries.
I recalled vividly my first job as a life angel. I had be required to hand carry each new tiny creation coming down from the heavenly nursery to the new biological mother on the planet without touching each newborn in fear of contamination of my own karma. The baby carrier had been composed of cloud puffs consisting of condensed air and dry moisture while forming the baby transport.
You thought, all the white swirling clouds were just pretty!
I had remembered arriving on the planet and landing inside the hospital, moving ahead, stopping and held the soft cloud carrier with a puffy white handler below the two inflamed nostrils of the new mother. I had lifted up the lid and saw a pea-sized glowing colorful ball which rose and wiggled underneath the two inflamed nostrils of the new mother as she sniffed up the colorfully air into both nose holes while creating a newborn baby inside her womb. An aura was pink for a female and the color of blue for a male. However, I did not receive my pair of angel wings at that point in time for being a baby transporter while easily floating up and down by cloud travel down from heaven to the planet, meeting and greeting many death angels. My first angel assignment had been too easy, too soft, and too quick.
Inside the limousine on the passenger seat, I am here to test for the Opus Sanctorum Angelorum which is a celestial test that is performed both at day light and night time exposure among the living, working, and playing humans for a specific period of time on the planet. Every angel must pass this celestial trial before continuing to the next step of wing attainment.
I am a heavenly bodyguard, who wards off both human bullies and spiritual bandits that must intercede with the assigned human as I watch over a particular Soul. I am performing the trial and test of my own merits, not without a support group. My support group consists of one preceptor, who is an ancient and experienced angel. There are two counselors, who are both older angels to help out an angel-in-training and address all her celestial problems. There is a buddy angel, who is a young angel-in-training also to confine and converse with while enduring all the human tests. Actually, these angels are a set of celestial strangers whom I have never met as I terrible in fear and anxiousness of my new set of tests.
The preceptor team lives, works, and plays with an assigned human while they aid and support the new angel-in-training and then evaluate how the angel-in-training works with the human and all the other fellow angels which makes any angel nervous and eager.
My new assignment is the secondary role of a personal bodyguard for a seventeen-year-old teenager, who is named Argus. Argus is the billionaire son of Archie Michael, who resides here within the metro region of Birmingham on top of Red Mountain.
This is my first day of heavenly bodyguard work. I had been sent by way of Saint Peter from heaven and then materialized inside the airplane which dumped off rows of earthlings and one angel at the Birmingham International Airport. The limousine had been parked along the sidewalk curve which contained the entire preceptor angle team along with my human assignment cute Argus and his cuter girlfriend Capri, picking up the angle and her tan colored duffel bag. The duffle bag composes two pairs of ripped and faded teenly blue jeans, three cotton white T-shirts. I wear a baseball cap over a head of long auburn tinted hair.
Nia, the buddy angel on the preceptor team had advised using an item of shaded coverage over a pale face within the hot Alabama sunshine for protection of a face of delicate pink skin and as well as good security for my current bodyguard duties.
The pink baseball cap carries the letter B which represents the famous college football team that is called Birmingham University or Burn U within the US State of Alabama and matches all my clothes that fit her five feet and ten inches slender body frame.
The primary angel job is to provide comfort and kindness to the assigned human without interfering with the free will of the assigned human. Sometimes, angel protect in other ways rather than a set of soft caring words refers a specific group of angels which are called the warrior angles, a special celestial trained destroy and rescue unit that comes from heaven and crated by the Source.
When a Soul seeks help, their guardian angel appears, bombarding the Soul with love, kindness, patience, hope, and faith. When the Soul falls away from holy grace, their guardian angel lingers in the background while a nasty demon caresses and nurtures the Soul into an evil thing.
At the time of death, when the Soul seeks help, their guardian angel comes to the rescue while protecting the Soul as they both await the arrival of the death angel to capture free floating Soul coming out from the human-shell. Sometimes, during the death process, the Soul becomes lost and confused. The warrior angel steps up and declares a claim of the Soul for good as the demon declares the same claim of the Soul for evil. Then, the Soul is battled over for the win by the opposing super beings that come from heaven and hell.
If the warrior angel wins the deadly battle, then the Soul goes happily into heaven along with the guardian angel. However, if the demon rules the deadly struggle, then the Soul becomes the vile property of hell along with associated guardian angel as the new slave to Satan inside hell, because the warrior angel is dead and has been turned into beautiful puffs of angel dust.
Inside the peaceful space place of heaven, sanitation is the cleaning process that wipes out all the emotions and the feelings from the mind of the Soul which means there is not any type of lingering sensations of smell, hear, see, touch, and taste of a past life on the planet. Yet, inside the limousine on top of the passenger leather seat, I can feel the coldness of each death, the screams of each physical pain, and the haunting of hatred from decades old coming within the bowels of the old city of Birmingham.
My pair of eyeballs stares at the newest ravaging warrior and demon mini-battle over a set of lost Souls, where the vicious mini-battle fights over the rooftop of the Birmingham Hospital, a place of sick and dying patients. There is a second mini-battle on top of numerous nursing homes, a place of ill and elderly dying patients. There is a set of other vile mini-battles on top each private resident, a place of one or more ailing and dying humans. All the physical structures represent the majority of human deaths that occur on a daily basis within Birmingham.
I reach out and grab the smooth door handle inside the limousine, holding a folded fist onto the cool metal, closing the eyelashes and faithful pray for it to go-away. I open the eyelashes and continue to see through the bullet proof window a dancing choreograph of the warrior and demon sky battleground as a new set of disintegrated yellow powder cover each window, each engine hood, each highway road, each walking sidewalk, each tree leaf, and all the low flowering plants with angel dust.
The baby blue skies of Alabama are dotted with a set of tiny red spots which represents the demons, who wear a set of red colored body armor while striking a blue flaming sword at each black dot. Each black dot represents a warrior angel, who is fighting and defeating against their supernatural enemy.
A hovering white-robed guardian angel holds a blue aura in the form of circle that represents the Soul for the victor. The scared guardian angel does not possess a physical body and floats in the air with a pair of twenty-foot angel wings, a set of super abilities to fly, hover, run, and soar across the moon and stars at a light speed but not for battle fighting.
A warrior angel possesses a set of two hands, two feet, and two arms which holds a yellow tinted flaming sword, whirling a set of sharp pick axes or straight spears or secret daggers or other weapons of destruction to slice and dice and mice the demon into evil parts protected by their black body armor from their ratty shoulder-length hair to their booted covered toe nails.
The right side of the blue sky displays a set of five demons, which battles against a matching set of five heroes over the rooftop of the hospital. And then the set of five warriors are gone with a poof of yellow powder. The red demons declare and then claims all the blue balls as each one twirl the blue ball over a naked bald skull holding victoriously the prized glittering trophy. In one swift stroke with the blue saber, the demon slices and dices each scared guardian angels. The yellow dust slowly floats down to the dirt as the baby blue skies clear once again.
I jump inside the leather seat with fright, sadness, and fear. Blade turns with a worried brow to see her nose profile and returns back to see the roadway. “Aneathea, are you okay, kid?” He is one of her angel counselors on the heavenly preceptor team, who is over six feet tall with a set of skinny arms and matching thin legs and likes to wear a pair of tight dark blue jeans, a red shirt on a flat chest. A pair of flip flops exposes all his bare toes on two feet and as a head of straight brown tinted hair falls over both his eyeballs and down onto a set of thin shoulder blades, covering half of his peachy-skin tone that sprinkles with a set of light tan freckles across his aristocratic nose. His throat is decorated with an Adam’s apple with a combination gold and silver chained choker like a motorcycle biker. He voices a set of life statements along with a set of comical bad jokes while he bad mouths both Garrison and Nia, not all at the same time.
“I’m fine.” I stare out the window and then close the eyelashes back into darkness with a set of deep breaths while trying to relax all the jumbled emotions.
Capri giggles inside the rear seat. “Not here, Argus!”
Blade looks back and eye gleams the rear mirror to see both Capri and Argus with a sour frown while driving on the road with a pair of hazel pupils. “You look scare, kid!” He enjoys driving the long slow-moving limousine without the use of the hands or finger pads or kneecaps or toe nails, since he possesses angel telekinesis which is the single ability to move a large or a gigantic object with his awesome angel powers.
There is also angel telepathy, so an angel cannot read another angel mind, only a human one. However, some of the more ancient and experienced angels can communicate directly with a young angel by using angel telepathy, if the angel receiver is on.
“My first day of work with different characters.” I open the eyelashes with a grin and look down to see the pretty wildflowers on the city street sidewalk.
Blade drives the limousine with a chuckle and a nod at the accepted acknowledgment through downtown Birmingham, heading towards Red Mountain.
A third independent suburban cities is called Red Mountain.
Red Mountain is a place of 1,025 feet in the sky and a row of residential house that rest on top of a long ridge running southwest towards the northwest, which is part of the Appalachian mountain range. The earth soil displays rows of rusty colored rocks and seems of red tinted iron ore, which provides the name.
During the Civil War, the earth mineral of iron has become necessary to sustain the war efforts the Confederacy, before the Union soldiers appeared and then destroyed all of the steel furnaces in the year 1865. Several years later, the production facilities were rebuilt for commercial use.
The most famous residence of Red Mountain is a gigantic cast-iron statue of the Roman god of the forge, Vulcan, that stand 150 feet in the air. The statue had represented the city of Birmingham in the 1904 St. Louis World's Fair and had been built by Works Progress Administration. Vulcan man is the world's largest cast-iron statue and represents the years of mining iron ore and the steel production that had started in the year 1860.
Inside the Red Mountain residential home of teen Argus Michaels, at the green and tan colored dining room setting at 12:54 pm, each body sits inside a brown colored dining room chair that surrounds the oval table.
“Anathema.” Nia sits across from Garrison and beside the new angel, turning with a smile to see Aneathea, wearing an individual golden capped tooth on the maxillary central incisor, right side. She possesses a curvy hourglass body shape with a pair of large breasts, a set of round hips that fill in a pair of skin-tight skinny black jeans. A set of long gold and silver jewelry chains perform a soft rattle coming from the top of her tiny waist down to the kneecaps. A pair of black tinted sneakers covers both feet. A baby blue shirt displays a set of printed words of malice English as each word bounces on the front of her chest. She stands at five feet and seven inches with a robust frame, a head of shoulder length whitish-blonde hair, a pair of brown eyes, and a tone of rosy-peach skin.
“Aneathea…” I smile down at the plate of food and then crunch on the carrot stick.
“Anathema is a cursed thing that is devoted to evil.” Nia laughs at the nose profile of Aneathea.
Garrison, the head preceptor of the angel team lifts and drains the glass of expensive red wine, wearing a designer red and white striped dress shirt underneath a blue tinted wool jacket, a pair of khaki dress trousers, a pair of tassel tan tinted shoes, sporting a silver and gold pocket watch. He is over six feet tall with a tone of dark tinted skin, a pair of dark green eyeballs, and a head of dirty blonde hair, commanding with a sneer. “Reel it in, Nia!”
“Get it on, honey!” Quanta turns with a smile to see the nose profile of Garrison as she is his honey bee. She wears a pair of elegant designer high heeled shoes underneath designer pants suits in the color of soft coral with the peach tinted blouse. A set of gold and silver necklaces surround her throat going down to the waistline. She stands at five feet and six inches with a thick body frame, a tone of dark tinted skin, a pair of hazel eyeballs, and a hair bun of strawberry-blonde hair color.
Garrison looks up from the magazine to see each face with a smile. “Actually, anathema has a Greek meaning, a devoted thing. The meaning came from the custom of hanging an object in an old temple for a pagan god. Throughout Earth history, the custom was ritualized and established when shipwrecked sailors hung up their clothes for drying on tree limbs, or retired workmen hang up their steel tools after work. The concept of the ‘accursed thing’ dominated the forethoughts of mortals for ages.”
He smiles. “Do you see it? The man is destined for something great.” Blade slurps out loud from the dark colored sugary soda.
“Yeah! The man is destined for the bathroom room with the yellow matching toilet seat right after his big lunch.” Nia burps out loud also and swiftly stands upright from the chair while stretching up a pair of long, athletic arms, wiggling all the glittering golden triangles around a throat.
“Where did you get that golden tinted necklace, Nia?” Blade turns with a smile to see the neckline on Nia.
Garrison looks down to read the magazine with a smile. “Abracadabra charm, it was used by the Hebrews to ward off a physical malady, such as, a toothache. The word was written down on a piece of paper and then suspended down from the throat by a thread as Nia kindly demonstrates so passionately with her golden triangles.”
Nia jabs a blood red tinted fingernail at Garrison with a laugh. “What is it? It is a walking and talking laptop.”
“A man of many talents, tastes, interests, and issues.” Blade slurps out loud on the third sugary soda.
“Unlimited knowledge is a wonderful thing to possess, children.” Garrison chuckles with delight and then drains a third glass of expensive red wine.
Capri reaches out and tugs on the bicep of Argus, where she and he sat on the opposite side of the dining room table. She leans over and whispers softly into his eardrums completing her secret message, jerking backwards with a giggle. Argus stuffs a third buttered bread roll between the lips, slightly smirking at her secret words and stares at Capri. Capri bats a pair of black mascara-eyelashes with a giggle and then blows out a new pink tinted bubble between a pair wine colored lips, since she has finished the light mid-day meal.
Capri and Argus form a usual teen couple bond in modern Birmingham. Capri models the latest designer magazine advertisement with tons of cosmetic makeup that hides either a natural beauty or a plain face. Her top and bottom lip is painted in wine color that matches all her fingernails and toenails, where a pair of strappy designer high-heeled sandals caresses each toe bone. A set of apple cheeks are creased in rose color and a pair of eyelashes are dusted in gold, blue, and green shimmery eye makeup powder that enhance her light brown eyeballs that flecks sometimes with the proper light in golden flakes.
Her black shoulder length hair curls and complements a fake tan which makes her appear to be Spanish or Italian or Indian or another exotic foreign type fashion model style, since Capri displays five feet and nine inches full figure. The native Birminghamian talks, eyes, and mauls the kneecaps, biceps, throat muscles, and earlobes of Argus, since they are a couple that attends the same local high school with a pair of matching her and his bodyguards, which is composed of the angels plus the usage of money from the bank accounts for some fun and sun.
Argus is both mysterious and dull all at the same time. He possesses a very quiet and quite character that amuses and entertains Aneathea as she spies on his latest facial bad boy expression towards Capri. The absence of a mature personality leaves him blank as Argus carefully watches and intensively listens with both eyeballs and eardrums to the current teachers, wise instructions, and numerous employees while he utters a few vocal commands only when he is required to travel to and from the local high school for the required academic classes.
Argus also opts to dominate in a set of modest black wardrobe consisting of a shirt underneath a simple black leather windbreaker over a pair of black jeans, standing at six feet and six inches with a head of whitish-blonde hair that parts underneath a pair of baby blue eyes on a chiseled square face which is made of tawny gold. And his billionaire father owns a medical research company which is headquartered here in Birmingham as the information is tattled by Nia’s lips.
“Hey, Wonder Boy!” Nia points down with a smile at the analogy scuba diving watch with more microchips and computing power than a nuclear power plant. She uses the insulting name which had been created by Blade as she meets and greets Argus every morning and every afternoon, since her first day of employment. She repeats the pun for fun very loudly. “Time to ride! I don’t wanna get my fanny kicked and handed back to me for you being tardy again. So, tarry up, tarry out, and tarry all the hanging buttocks out to the dang car!” Nia enjoys acting like the boss and directing out orders while making up a set of new rules, assuming an array of multiple roles, such like, the scorekeeper, the coach, the nurse, the banker, the cook, and the martial arts expert for earthling kid.
Argus is a good sport about the playful insulting name, wiping off the lips and then cleans each finger pad with the steamy warm towelette, drying a face with the fresh clean cloth, returning all the used pieces back onto the table. He swiftly stands and reached down, extending an open palm to Capri while assisting her to stand up from the chair, maintaining his good breeding and good manners. Argus reaches over and carefully wraps an arm around the tiny waist as Capri leans over and whispers with a smile into his eardrum. They move ahead and exit the dining room for the parked limousine for school.
The rest of the angels slowly stand upright from each chair and move out the dining room for the limousine also.


St. Marie Preparatory Art Academy
  (two miles, south, from Archie’s home)
Playhouse setting
01:10 pm
Hot sizzling air temperatures with parted clouds of sunlight


The crescent-shaped orange tinted room holds a set of three distinct sections of yellow rows counting one to twenty-five towards the rear wall that faces the center stage. Nia dashes ahead through one of the side doors and moves towards the last row within farthest section of the high school playhouse theater while motioning both hands above the skull in the air. Then, she points ahead at a lane of empty seats.
Argus leads Capri by the hand and stops, slowly pivoting, flipping the padded chair down for her buttock as she giggles and folds down the blue sundress underneath a pair of long legs like she has been taught by her mother while smiling and leaning over with a whisper into the eardrum of Argus.
Nia halts the angel parade five seats below the couple of Capri and Argus and then pirouettes to face the center stage, holding a hand in air, ending the march. Blade stops and flops down into the padded theater seat, placing a pair of worn flip flops between the arm rests of forward empty chair and flips open a comic book of good guys versus evil villains. Garrison occupies the next chair and sits between Quanta and Blade. Aneathea is on the end.
Ms. V or the shorten name of Mrs. Vinson instructs the theater academic class without a microphone in loud alto but with a body wave towards all the actors that are located on top of the center stage. “Act 1, Scene 1, Verona is a public place. Enter now Sampson and Gregory. You are armed with a sword. Are ya’ll boys ready?”
A set of two tall males is dressed in a black beret, a white button shirt, a pair of black pants, and a different colored ankle length satin robe. One is midnight blue tint. The other is blood red satin. Each male approaches the middle floor of the play stage swinging a silver-tinted raptor side to side and sounds with a set of sneers in sync.
Miss V yells with a stern face. “Sampson, your line!”
Sampson snarls. “Gregory, my word, we’ll not carry foals.” The teens sound with loud laughter within the theater space.
Miss V frowns. “Gregory, O my word, we’ll not carry coals, not foals. The word is coals. Coals are used for heating houses in West Virginia.” The teens sound with loud laughter within the theater space. She turns to see some of the students with a stern face. “Quiet, class!” Then she returns back to see each actor and yells out loud. “Say it again, Sampson!”
Sampson sneers. “Gregory, O my word, we’ll not carry coals.”
Gregory snarls. “No! For then, we should be colliers.”
Sampson sneers. “I strike quickly being moved.” Each male swishes a sword to the left striking the empty air currents.
Nia growls as her voice carries down the row of bodies, “Amateurs.” Then she uses some of her angel magic to capture and encase the growling sound along the single of row of angels, since the real high school student occupy row numbers three and four for a better audio coverage of the high school play.
On the center stage, Gregory sneers. “But thou art not quickly moved to strike.” The raptor of Sampson twitches out of control at the advancing sword of Gregory as both steel weapons clash and then nosily fall down from a semi-open palm. Both the males stare down at the floor, where the tossed swords rest.
“Nia!” Garrison reads the new magazine with a soft growl and as a hand holds a cup of rich black hot coffee.
“Now, we should see more action between the houses of Montague and Captula.” Nia chuckles.
“Behave, Nia!” Garrison stares down with a sour frown at the pages of the magazine.
“Are you going to tattle to someone over there, Garrison?” Nia laughs.
“You receive one demerit, Nia.” Garrison continues to read and hear with both eardrums.
Below the center stage, Miss V yells at the students. “No raptors for this scene, boys. If you can’t keep the swords safely away from each other bodies, then ya’ll can be replaced with your roles in the play.”
“But, Miss V, it jumped,” Sampson points down with a confused brow at the sword while he accuses the toy weapon of malice. The teens sound with loud laughter within the theater space.
“Safety comes first, boys! Remove the weapons from the floor, Dora!” Miss V motions for the student while watching the teen climb up and grab each sword, ordering to the actors. “Continue with your line, Sampson! A dog…”
In the rear theater row, Nia overlays with a touch of angel power the natural tenor voice of the actor Sampson as he quotes with the incorrect dialog. “A dog of the house of Montague moves me.”
Below the center stage, Miss V exhales. “No! No, Sampson! A dog of that house shall move me to stand, I will take the wall of any man or maid of Montague’s.”
In the rear theater row, “You receive two demerits, Nia.” Garrison softly growls at Nia and continues to read the magazine.
Nia giggles at the actors on the stage. “Give it up, Garrison! I’m just having some little girl fun.”
Below the center stage, Miss V shouts. “Gregory, say your next line!”
On top of the center stage, Gregory sneers at the other teen. “To move is to stir and to be valiant is to stand. Therefore, if thou art moved, thou runn’st away,” he paces two steps forward without the sword while swinging a hand like he is slapping a mosquito in the air. The teens sound with loud laughter within the theater space.
Sampson back steps with a snarl. “A dog of that house shall move me to stand: I will take the wall of any man or maid of Montague’s.”
Gregory sneers. “The quarrel is between our masters and us, their men.”
Sampson snarls. “My naked weapon…” The teens sound with loud laughter within the theater space.
Miss V frowns. “No, Sampson! You can’t say that word in front of all the parents.”
“Naked?” Sampson smiles.
“Yes, that is the word. Leave it out of the line, Sampson!” Miss V exhales.
“Naked!” The single word echoes high and long from the mouth of Nia and as she projects the sound using her angel powers throughout the auditorium while all the other teens laugh out loud.
“You receive three demerits, Nia.” Garrison continues to read the magazine with a sour frown and then drinks the coffee.
Miss V spins around with a sour frown to see the other students. “Quiet, class!” Then she swings around to see the teen with a stern face. “Say your line, Sampson!”
“Okay! My weapon is out. Quarrel, now! Or I’ll be back.” Sampson turns to see some of the students with a smile as each teen sounded out loud with laughter within the theater space.
In the rear row seats of the theater, Nia swiftly stands upright from the chair and claps with a set of hoots for Sampson while annoying Garrison. “Excellent! Encore! Encore, baby boy!” She sits back down with continuing to clap with a smile.
On top of the stage center, “You sound like Arnold, man.” Gregory chuckles at his friend.
“Right, man!” Sampson reaches over and fist-bumps with his friend Gregory with a grin.
Below the center stage, Miss V exhales. “Say right the words! Or I will replace you and your line, Sampson. ‘My weapon is out. Quarrel, I will back thee.’”
“But, Miss V, that’s so medieval-like.” Sampson turns and frowns at the teacher.
In last row of the theater seats, Garrison looks up with a smile to see the actors on top of the center stage. “I believe that Sampson meant to say the word Renaissance. The transition period between the medieval and modern worlds where it began with the Italian humanists within the fourteenth century which was stimulated by the fall of Constantinople in year 1453, the invention of paper printing, and the discovery of America in year 1492 which produced marvelous English literature novels and structure architecture towards the late sixteenth century. William Shakespeare was morely a Renaissance artist and considered the greatest poet and dramatist of all time and in all countries during his life.”
Nia drops down a chin with a stern face. “Ah! I knew the man well.”
“So did Garrison, right, buddy?” Blade reaches over with a snigger and slaps a hand into the chest of Garrison. Garrison snorts with amusement while studying the magazine.
I lean forward from the chair to witness the bruising and amusing trio of Nia, Garrison, and Blade upon seeing Argus, who turns to see the nose profile of Garrison with a smirk. I gasp in alarm and continue to study Argus as he returns back to see the play while overhearing the ancient historical banter between the angels. But Argus is a human.
On top of the center stage, Sampson smiles at the teacher. “How about this improvising? My weapon is out. Quarrel! I’ll be back to thee.” The teens sound with a set of laughs and claps within the theater space.
Below the stage, Miss V exhales. “Close enough! But, don’t improv too many of the lines, Sampson. Go, Gregory!”
One top of the center stage, Gregory sneers at the Sampson. “How? Turn thy back and run away!”
Sampson slaps a chest with a growl. “Fear me not!”
Gregory frowns. “No, marry! I fear that thing!”
Below the stage, Miss V claps for attention with a nod. “Very good, boys!” The school bell rings out loud as she spins around with a smile to see the other students. “Every actor must be here at five minutes, after three o’clock! Or I will pass out lines to the awaiting kids. And remember here? There is no food or drinks to be carried inside the auditorium. Eat and urinate, before you come here to the playhouse. You are dismissed from class!” Each teen swiftly stands and exits the play house for the next academic class.


Red Mountain home of Argus and Archie
Cool temperatures with full moon and bright stars
08:14 pm


The limousine gracefully winds around the curvy countryside and over each smooth gray tinted paved street running through the mountainous hillside, where a set of estate-sized lots consisting of one Craftsman bungalow, one English manor with a detached summer cottage, and one Tudor Revival home resides inside the exclusive golf neighborhood, since the year 1917.
Three family generations of Michaels have lived inside this house, since the year 1917 composing the green grassy and flowered plants of twelve acres including the spring-fed fresh water lake that drains the water supply of the local residents. The limousine grazes down a gray bricked driveway and passes the blooming flower beds of yellow jonquils which had been planted in the year 1923 as Argus returns back home from the home of Capri after dinner with her family.
Inside the manor on the balcony, I am a lucky girl, who lives as an angel-in-training inside the nestled mountain manor which is owned by Argus and eye burn my angel sight at the one thousand acres of wilderness which displays tall brown shade trees, low green plants, colorful bird, clay wetlands, yellow sandstone sculptures, and silver limestone quarries. I close the eyelashes and open the eardrums while hearing the soothing call of Mother Nature that calms a tormented mind, body, and soul. Then, a soft chime calls out for my nightly angel lecture.
I back step from the balcony and spin around to face the open door, exiting my private room, moving down onto the open patio of the manor house.
Outside patio setting with cool temperatures with bright moonlight and bright stars, Garrison leads and escorts Quanta by her arm while holding a cup of hot coffee in the other hand. Blade and Nia follow behind Garrison and Quanta. Aneathea moves towards the pool patio for a picture-perfect view of a yellow glowing moon that blasts across the bright white stars.
Garrison stops and sits down inside a shared sofa with Quanta, waiting for each angel to find a seat, staring at each face. “Everyone did an excellent job today. I’m very proud of your work. Tomorrow, you will be more productive and more challenging.” He chuckles. Aneathea cringes with nervousness and continues. “For a few moonlight hours, allow me to give you a quick tutorial of Angeldom.”
Blade points with a confused brow at Aneathea. “Why did she not tour like each one of us?”
“Aneathea is fresh out of Sanitation.” Garrison smiles.
Nia laughs. “Ouch! I’m really sorry, baby girl.” She slurps down the melted ice cream.
Garrison smiles. “Sanitation is the process for cleaning your mind as a mortal here on the planet.”
Nia laughs. “Sanitation is not a pleasant process.”
“Nia, don’t tell a fib!” Blade slurps out loud from the beer.
Nia grins. “I heard it through the grape vine. Dum, da, dum, dummm…”
Garrison exhales. “An angel does not remember the cleaning process of Sanitation, because the compression of mental memories since the womb is stored as a set of pure feelings and emotions rather than sequential steps like a ladder.”
Blade chuckles. “The void in my mind. I can’t remember yesterday or day before yesterday or day before that yesterday….”
Garrison frowns. “Your creation from the beginning of your time has been compressed while allowing you to focus on your next assignment, angel.”
“Assignment? I…” stutter with the mental thought and feel confusion from the weird lesson that Garrison is lecturing.
Quanta reaches out and gently taps the bicep of Garrison with a smile. “I am retiring to bed, honey bee.”
Garrison reaches down and touches, grabbing and kisses her bare hand with a gentlemanly gesture. “Good night, Quanta!”
“Night, Quanta!” Nia slurps on the melted ice cream.
“Good night, Quanta!” I exhale while hearing more of the boring Angeldom stuff.
“Later, gator!” Blade salutes with the beer bottle near an eyeball and then sips more of the brew.
Garrison smiles. “Back to Angeldom, an angel can have influence over everything within the human realm. And angel can direct, guard, defend, and alert a human directly or indirectly through a set of secondary causes into the human sub-consciousness. They communicate through the intellect, thoughts, interior feelings, and exterior words that they hear from Humans.”
“Humans, they can hear us. How can they hear us?” I gasp in alarm.
Garrison nods. “You are a life shell and live here on the planet, where you can touch and feel with the same red blood, pink tissues, maroon muscles, and other colorfully biological body parts…”
“An angel functions on words, not actions.” Blade burps out loud with a laugh.
I frown. “A warrior angel does and performs all types of heavenly actions.” Blade laughs.
Garrison gasps. “Where did you learn that particular piece of angle information, Aneathea?”
Nia drops ice cream on the shirt in silence.
I shrug a shoulder with a smile. “I study. I read. I’m supposed to do that. Isn’t that right?”
Garrison smiles with a nod. “All trainees are supposed to study their lesson materials, angel.”
Nia exhales. “Well, fine! I study. I read. Angels show respect, gratitude, and love for…”
“End of story time for me! Beddy-bye coming for me. Nighty-night to all of ya’ll!” Blade swiftly stands and out stretches a pair of long skinny arms over a skull while cracking all the bones sideways in a neck, both elbows, and a back spine. Then he disappears out from the pool patio and leaves behind air currents.
I gasp and point the empty spot with a puzzled brow. “Can we do that?”
Garrison grins. “Can you do that, Aneathea?”
I turn and stare at pool water and then back to see Garrison with a meek smile. “I am just asking. I don’t think I can do that.”
Garrison smiles. “That poof job will come later within your training, angel.”
“If you pass?” Nia laughs, since she is in training also. If Nia fails, then she becomes something else.
“I’m going to pass,” I nod with a smile.
Garrison exhales. “You will pass, Aneathea. I would suggest zapping out from your private chamber to a single safe spot somewhere here inside the pool patio area. But you should come out and move around some of the heavy the chairs over to the wall first. If you accidentally miss your hard spot, then you will land in the pre-offered wet spot safely.” He points down at the pool with a chuckle, lifting up and finishes the coffee.
“Road kill!” Nia swiftly stands upright from the chair with a laugh using her power to poof off from the brick pool patio into her room in silence.
I slowly stand upright from the chair and move ahead, strolling casually around the pool water, carefully surveying the perfect landing spot which is away from the hard steel objects like the motor pumps, the steel poles, and wall panels of concrete in which to practice my angel teleportation skills coming out from my bed chamber and hopefully onto an empty pool patio.
Argus rushes through the open archway and moves inside the patio area, wearing a white colored tee shirt, a pair of matching walking shorts, and a pair of matching flip flops and then stops, parking inside the chair next to Garrison, stretching out a tall muscular frame down into the yellow duck-designed chaise lounge. He bends a pair of sculptured biceps against the rear skull, eye burning the full moon, rumbling in baritone to Garrison without noting Aneathea, who stands against the shadows. “Tell me the composites of the number eighteen!”
Garrison looks down with a sour frown to read the magazine. “If you drink a glass of warm milk with a touch of whiskey, then you will fall asleep in exactly two minutes and thirty seconds, Argus. I guarantee it.”
“Eighteen!” Argus smiles at the bright full moonlight without moving from the comfortable lounge.
Garrison glances down with a sigh at the designer waist watch with a sour frown. “It is a little late in the evening for a debate, Argus.”
“Eighteen!” Argus continues to smile at the moonlight without moving a body from the patio furniture.
Garrison lifts and drains the coffee, reaching out, placing the empty cup onto the side table and wipes the lips with the cloth napkin, staring down into the swimming pool with a stern face. “The number eighteen is divided by the numbers one, two, three, six, and nine, where the numbers three, six, and nine will add back up to the product of eighteen. Then, the number eighteen is a semi-perfect number.”
I stare at Argus while feeling excitement and giddiness, since this will be the first chance to chat with my employer, my protectee, and my assignment. Capri occupies Argus from breakfast to dinner and then in-between all school classes and at both break times. Then Garrison secretly meets with Argus outside all the homework assignments, which is after dinnertime and until bedtime. Argus is a mysterious and dull human as he chats softly, safely, and mostly in baby sweet talk words to Capri while avoiding the rest of the high school classmates, since Aneathea is required to shadow him inside each academic course as an angel-in-training.
I swiftly stroll towards one of the sitting chairs which is beside Argus with a brave smile. “What’s the perfect number then?”
Argus sits upright and turns with a smile to see Aneathea, holding up two fingers. “Adam and Eve. Wife and husband. Strawberries and chocolate. Peanut butter and jelly.”
I smile. “Peanut butter and jelly are composed chemically of three components, including the peanuts, the cream, and the jelly,” then I sit down inside the patio lounge chair with a smile at Argus.
Argus winks at her. “You’re a smart girl, Aneathea.”
Garrison frowns. “The perfect number is six, because the numbers one, two, and three are the positive dividers. So, one plus two plus three equals six also. The number six is equal to half the sum of all its positive dividers which is (1 + 2 + 3 + 6) is divided by the number 2 which equals the number six. The Pythagoreans are credited for the number theory in which they coin as perfect. The numbers for over 2,000 years have been known as magical.” Argus nods in silence acknowledgement. Aneathea listens. Garrison exhales. “In the field of science, the atomic number eighteen represents the element Argon. The eighteenth electron rule is a rule of thumb for characterizing and predicting the stability of transitional metal complexes in the field of chemistry. Also, there are eighteen Jewish covenants, eighteen Christian covenants, eighteen Buddhist covenants, eighteen Muslim covenants, and eighteen covenants of a New Arc of the moon. And finally, eighteen is the mark of creation.”
Argus smiles. “So, I can easily deduce that the number eighteen administrates math, science, and religion disciplines.”
“The Mark of the Beast is the three sequence numbers of six, six, six. Or it is three times six which equals eighteen.” Garrison sneers.
“Eighteen is the lucky number within the Chinese culture which means ‘the one, who prospers.’” Argus winks at Aneathea.
Garrison frowns. “The saying comes from northern China, where the same people say that eighteen is avoided even in the naming of a single building, because one can never ever return back from the eighteenth level of hell.”
“The eighteenth level of hell, what’s that?” I stare with a puzzled brow at Argus, not Garrison.
Garrison exhales. “In the Holy Book of Revelations, all the deaths and entire space of Hades are thrown down into the Lake of Fire. This is the second death for all earthling sinners which is nicknamed the eighteenth level of hell in which a person cannot return from ever and never.”
Argus smiles. “And the number of eighteen in the palm on the right hand of Almighty God in Arabic language represents the creation of the beautiful water foundations on planet Earth, when His hand spins and makes the sun rise up from the east. This measurement in heavenly terms is known mathematically as the number eighteen.”
“Touché, Argus!” Garrison swiftly stands with a growl and exits the patio.
Chapter 8



Tuesday May 16th


Warm temperatures with moonlight and bright stars
St. Marie Preparatory Academy
Play house setting
Romeo and Juliet play
08:11 pm


Act IV and scene number whatever, where the fake Juliet plunges a fake dagger down into the fake heart of Romano for the fake death, within the real active play as my eyeballs see the real thing. I close the eyelashes and then open.
There is a slight movement on the top of the red tinted curtains that hang over center stage.
I gasp with fear and narrow the eyelashes on the object. The object possesses a piece of armor that covers the hair roots down to toenails as the skull helmet covers completely the face but illuminates the darkness with a set of yellow circles which represent the eyeballs. A red demon is present here inside the playhouse, so a Soul is about to die soonest.
I turn and scan the packed auditorium of stinky folks while wishing for a health angel. A health angel is a very special type of limited angels that practice healing a Soul without touching the physical body like earthling physician. I feel sad for not helping or saving the human here inside the school playhouse, since the Soul is very confused about its death which has invoked the battle between good versus evil, hence the bold appearance of one nasty red demon.
Argus and Capri occupy the pair of end seats on the last row within the third section. Nia guards Argus. Blade sits lonely inside the row, before Argus and Capri. Garrison and Quanta is located three seats below Nia.
I sit beside Garrison and continue to scan the theater room while following the Demon, feeling surprisingly fright when I experience a physical tap on my collar bone.
Garrison leans over with a soft whisper. “You, come with me, right now!” 
I jump with fright and turn with a worried brow to see the nose profile of Garrison. “I don’t know how to fight.”
Garrison quickly surrounds and sound proofs each set of eardrums of the human audience with his angel shield while deflecting all the angels, who stand against the rear wall and cover the private angel conversation. Aneathea feels the thud of an invisible wall which has landed down on the floor next to her bony heels. Garrison cocks a skull with a stern face at her. “Why would you need to fight, Aneathea?”
I part the lips and turn to see the nose profile Argus, who calmly sits with Capri. I swiftly stand and shuffle down the row and around his chair. He flirts with the hands and lips of Capri as she snorts ugly with the giggling laughter. I drop down a chin and turn to see the demon, who sits inside a pretend invisible chair inside the intersection corners of the ceiling and the wall, commenting meekly to Garrison. “I…I thought it was an emergency, a bodyguard duty. I am sorry. I thought to protect Argus first.”
Garrison sneers. “I will give you three marks for good intentions and battle readiness. How’s that? Please, follow me, Aneathea! I have a very special surprise for our entertainment tonight.”
I stumble and bounce down the long row of human shins and toes, rolling out into an empty aisle, following behind Garrison towards of the many secret doors that leads to the back-stage lot which is dubbed the electricity room.
In front of the electricity room, the door opens.
Garrison leads through the open archway and moves ahead through a set of dangerously hanging silver tinted wires, black colored snaky long cables, and bright colorful active television monitors. He stops ahead and stands, forming a row, staring at the back lot of the stage. “Stand in a horizontal line here.” Nia, Quanta, Blade, and Aneathea stop and stand in the same row.
I gently sway back and forth while seeing the same demon. The demon continues to sit inside the same corner intersection without being able to do anything. So, I ponder my new angel exercise while learning from my buddy Nia that Garrison is a very ancient preceptor with centuries of celestial training and wonders if he sees the same red tinted demon inside the wall corner that rock back and forth in the air.
Garrison advances ahead and swings around, standing in front of the row of angels with a smile. “This is a prism test. Do you know what a prism is, Nia?”
“A prism is a colored rainbow.” Nia smiles. Garrison nods with approval. She frowns. “What about the bodily and verbal reactions from all the humans, who sit out there in the audience while watching the play? Who can see us in here, Garrison?”
Garrison ignores her question and turns to the side, pacing back and forth with a smile. “That’s point of this test. Single or numerous bands of prism light can be produced anytime and anywhere while you are alone and isolated. It takes great power, good concentrate, and gifted nerves of steel to produce a light show underneath the two nose holes of a set of living and watchful humans.”
Blade stares with a smile at the light fixtures. “Once a light beam plays over the stage, the players with get a surprise quark. Then, the audience will clap or faint. So, what is the something that’s up with this thing, Garrison?”
Garrison smiles. “This is my contribution to the play. I am required to flip the manual switch which will brighten the light show during the death scene of Juliet.” He chuckles with Blade and Nia.
Quanta frowns. “Garrison, honey bee, you aren’t a real student here at the school. Why bother to entertain the humans?”
Garrison laughs. “I want the letter grade of A within my Social Studies class for the semester.”
“Competition never dies, right, man?” Blade laughs with a smile at the stage of actors.
“Very correct, Blade!” Garrison nods with approval at each angel.
“You’re very odd and weird, Garrison.” Nia frowns at the stage of actors.
Garrison moves ahead and spins around, standing beside Aneathea, staring at the stage with a smile. “I want each one of you to focus on the single light bulb in front of your visible line, hold both hands outward and parallel even with the floor towards the light. When I give the signal, which will end at the count of three, I want you to concentrate hard on your specific stage light as the target of the prism beam.”
“Will the metal casing of the stage light bulb explode into a set of pretty fireworks for my fun?” Blade chuckles.
“I want to see a prism light, not a rolling thunderbolt, Blade.” Garrison frowns.
“Cool, man!” Blade narrows both eyelids at the stage light.
“One, breathe. Two, concentrate. Three, shoot.” Garrison performs with an angel voice which attack each set of eardrums with the angel command.
A single green ray shoots out from each finger pad of Blade first and hits the row of stage lights without exploding and then illusions beautifully as a curved laser beam down towards the floor of the stage. A single red wave shoots out from the eyeballs of Quanta towards the bottom row of stage lights that angles down onto the stage floor. Nia produces a golden ray coming from both earlobes that encircles the next row of light bulbs, aiming down onto the actors on top of the stage floor.
I add a single yellow beam from a hand which is coupled with a single baby blue wave from the other hand.
Then the row of angels creates an awesome laser show with an array of multi-colored lights coming from one side to the other side of the stage as Juliet slowly fakes a death. Then the audience sounds with hoots and claps inside the playhouse.
Inside the electricity room, he shouts out loud for all eardrums. “Outstanding! Pose. Steady. Scene ends. Curtain closes. Stand down!” Garrison smiles. “Excellent job, every one of you! Now, it is time to go back home for the evening.”
The red demon had bolted away from the wall intersection and out of sight of the playhouse during the angel prism light exhibition as I continue to scan visually for a dead body of the sick human with puzzlement.
So, the Soul must have called up their guardian angel. A guardian angel is difficult to see for all humans and most of the other heavenly angels, since a guardian angel lacks a physical body but possesses a set of great powers, in which turns makes the angel invisible for both protection and productivity. So, I guess that the Soul had called and then the guardian angel had answered the call. Thus, the red demon had fled away making the angels the winners for the night.
Quanta wipes off the wet brow and fixes the hair bun with a deep sigh. “I’m sweating.”
“You stink, Blade!” Nia inches closer to him and wiggles the nose holes, reaching out, shoving his body towards the archway and leads out from the back-stage electricity booth.
Garrison spins around with a smile and follows last in the line. “You will find a set of energy balls, rays, plasma, and beams eat up tons of electric ions inside and outside your super being body. The effect produces an unpleasant body odor. Or as the humans like to say: bad body odor. But you will find that the worst of the damage is the smell within your super being body, since it is made of chemicals, minerals, and enzymes. Bathing will remedy your malady immediately.”  Quanta stops as he moves ahead and extends an arm for his girl escorting her towards the archway of the building.
I follow last in the angel parade with a smile. “So, a guardian angel is made of fluff and puff of good energy that flows through the angel and then propels them around the cosmic.”
Garrison smiles. “Exactly, Aneathea! A guardian angel will wrangle an array of large amounts of energy for a specific direction and purpose but the energy doesn’t harm them.”
“So, a warrior angel must stink to high heaven.” I giggle. “Get it!”
“Warrior angel? Where did you conceive that term, Aneathea?” Quanta stops and pirouettes to see the new angel.
Garrison moves ahead and swings Quanta next to him with a smile, advancing towards the open archway, where Blade and Nia has disappeared. “Lesson is done here. Let us all go home!” They exit the electricity room.


Chapter 9

Wednesday May 17th


Home of teen Argus Michaels
Foyer setting
Hot sizzling air temperatures with bright sunlight
12:04 pm


I quietly move through the foyer coming from the dining room, heading into the kitchen for a plate of food. Both Nia and Blade had used and floated with angel power all the eating utensils, plates, drinking goblets, and food trays which made acquiring a spoonful of delicious food impossible without staring World War Three, since Argus was not home to supervise the clowns. He was eating lunch with his girl Capri at her home.
My eyeballs sweep the beige foyer and then grand room which measures thirty-five feet in the air of the three-story house and as my ear drums hear a set of human voices. One is in a gritty baritone. The other voice is high pitched. I swing around the tight corner and see the action. Capri is crying. Argus is pretending to care.
I quietly back pedal and stand behind the elegant beige stairwell while accidentally spying, because I cannot back track towards the kitchen or the dining room, since I am located on the opposite side of mansion. The teen couple will see Aneathea move through a set of doors that leads into the patio floor. Or there is a second set of doors that lead up the staircase which can lead out to pool side. So, I listen to the love quarrel.
My heart races with a rapid pulse. I wipe both sweaty palms with an itchy sensation onto the dress. My eyeballs burn down onto the marble floor and as my set of eardrums strain to hear the set of faint words between the two teens while an active mind puzzles about the handsome, tall, and charming stud-muffin Argus.
My brain has learned zero after performing an internet dive at midnight while Nia snoozes inside the room next door. My employer Argus is a handsome seventeen-year-old son of missing or misplaced billionaire Archie Michael.
But I do possess a set of logical reasons and vivid imagination answers and conclude that I hope the faint word exchange between Argus and Capri brightens my normal dull day as I spy by person while I silent my brain cells.
“Argus, darling!” She sniffs up the mucus back into the two nose holes and then blows out the running clear mucus, softly saying in-between the heavy sobs. She hugs and twists both skinny arms around his neck which permanently anchors her to Argus forever as she begs for his love. “Please pretty! Please with sugared cheerios…”
“Cheerios?” Argus pulls back from her tongue of bad breath with a smile while trying not to stain the white T-shirt with her set of wine-colored lipstick.
“I don’t like cherries. I like sugared Cheerios which are good and good for your bod.” She smiles. “Please pretty! Please with sugared cheerios come to my party!”
He exhales. “The party invitation was an invite from your father, not you.”
She pouts. “I’m his only child, Argus. What belongs to my daddy also belongs to me to share and own…”
“I thanked your father for the invite. But I can’t go, Capri.” He back steps away from her.
She advances ahead to him with a worried brow. “I intercepted your little note, Argus. You couldn’t tell me in person that you had rejected my dad’s invitation. I’m still mad and hurt,” she stomps a single designer high heel on the tile with a smile. “But I am good and can forgive you, sweetheart. Kiss me!”
“I am not having this vocal conversation that we just had completed fifteen minutes ago, Capri.” He exhales with annoyance. 
She crosses both arms with a sour frown. “I’m here to persuade you to come to my farewell party. We hoist the wind sails on his big yacht for the party towards the big island of the Bahamas within two hours, Argus.”
“Why are you skipping school, again, Capri?” He crosses both arms with a confused brow.
She gasps. “School! You always drag me into that dreadful institution, Argus. School is over for me, for both us within two more weeks. We win. We graduate. We are free of all authority figures. We are free to fly far, far away and complete our dreams of dreams…”
“Knowledge is a much more valuable ally rather than a dream, Capri.” He exhales.
“You quote and speak like that you teach geek Garrison, now, Argus. I guess your tutelage under him has improved your mind, body, and soul. Next, you will be quoting Shakespeare or some other old…”
“Garrison comprehends numerous varied subject matters which tantalizes my brain cells for the universal answer.” He nods with a smile.
She tosses both arms into the air with a smile. “No more questions! No more answers! No more tests! We graduate out from school and then move onto a set of bigger and better things like me and you, Argus.” She reaches up and touches one of his folded biceps, moving all the fingers to tickle his chest.
He reaches down and grabs her hand while pushing the limb back down towards the floor, shaking a blonde skull. “There is something that is bigger and better to come. I agree with you there, Capri.”
She slaps a chest of big breasts with a smile and reaches out, touching both of his biceps with a smile. “I’m going to be eighteen years old the day after our missed high school graduation. You are already eighteen years old, Argus. We can marry inside the isle of Bahamas in secret. Then, we can plan a great big wedding here in Birmingham with lots of bridal and groom parties including your family members and my family members, so we still get our financial inheritances. My daddy will…”
Argus shakes a blonde skull with a frown.
Capri exhales with frustration. “All right! I’m rushing the wedding part in the Bahamas. We go the party together and have some island fun. I’ll tell my dad that this is our engagement party. Then, I can wear my grandmother’s diamond ring. It’s the size of small golf ball. Then, you can buy me something bigger. How’s that sound, honey?” She smiles.
Argus reaches down and removes both her hands from his neck muscles for the second time.
Capri folds both of her arms with a sour frown. “Argus, you are being much difficult right now.” She glances down at the designer wrist watch with a worried brow and back up to see him with a stern face. “I must return back to see my daddy. Are you coming with me?” Argus silently stares at her. Capri stomps the heeled sandal and jabs a finger into his nose. “I command you to obey me, right here and right now. Come and go with me on the yacht, right now and right here!”
Argus silently stares at her.
She exhales and releases her fury while calming her temper and wears a sweet smile, lifting up her finger pad and reaches out, softly caressing his pair of soft pink lips with a touch-kiss and a smile. “I love you, darling. I need you with me, Argus. This party is very important for my daddy. I can’t be without you. Please come with me, darling!” Pretty Capri and handsome Argus make the picture-perfect teen couple and if they marry, they will raise a set of gorgeous pampered children.


168 years ago
Rural community of Neeta within US State of Tennessee
First human visit


I had lived on a small farm and had never been able to marry, since I had spent my entire life attending a sick mother. Then, I cared for a sick father, each sick sister and her sick children while nursing all the sick neighbors. After the Civil War, I had lived on the farm in poverty and then died while ending my maiden spinster never-married and never-met-a-male life force.
Then, I had returned back into heave and then regenerated as a second human. I had been re-birthed and then re-lived as the family caretaker for another set of sick family members and then I finally died as an old graying maiden spinster at the age of eighty-three years old while never touching the hand of a male, a loving father or a dying brother or a caring husband.

Inside the house, angel preceptor Garrison had lectured numerous times during each angel session that the heavenly process of sanitation erases all the formal life time memories of the formal human life on the planet.
However, I currently find that my human memories are still fully intact within my mental brain cells that also carry a set of painful and colorful sharp images that cut into my beating heart. When I had experienced the entire loss of each family member and friend, I had continued to feel their and my pain and suffer, after one hundred sixty-eight years ago.
Capri removes the finger pad from his lips and shakes both folded fists in the air at Argus. “You didn’t love me. You have never loved me. I just don’t understand you, Argus. I love you,” she parks both fists on the waistline with a gasp. “O. I understand now. It is another girl. Who is that other girl, Argus?”
Argus does not cuddle Capri like a future wife, a future fiancé, a current girlfriend, or a family pet. Argus treats Capri like a stray kitty that is looking for some bites of food and then wanders away to have some fun. Then she returns the next day for more food. He is a gentleman with her person while treating Capri special within a pair of public eyeballs at the school building, playhouse theater, and the other physical places for each social event, but it all ends there.
“You are obsessed with one of your girly bodyguards. Am I correct, Argus?” Capri points into the empty hallway with a furious brow, where she thinks that the body guard guards Argus while at his house.
I stand behind the staircase in hiding and cover the mouth with the soft snigger while mentally thinking about the hilarious and ridicule concept, since I am one of his newer bodyguards. I would never have the humor and the honor of any type of romantic connection with Argus, the playboy son of billionaire Archie Michael.
I turn to face the reflection mirror that hangs on the far wall beside the stairwell as my red tinted long hair blows wild and free like usual, fanning around the throat and then cascades down over a triangle face to the waistline. The Alabama humidity creates a puff and poof of height on top of the rounded skull while adding both volume and curls to the coarsely textured hair endings. The heavenly sanitation process retains the biological shell and then removes all the exterior skin wrinkles, gray hair, age spots, and fat cells off the earthling bio-shell which makes Aneathea looks pretty great for a one hundred sixty-eight-year-old angle. The skin glows with a healthy pink skin tone that color both cheeks and the lips in candy pink, complimenting her Irish DNA that comes from Almighty God. The pair of green eyes balances out the wide forehead that contains a straight nose, a pair of high cheekbones, a set of thin pink lips as the throat glides down to a swan neck on a tallness and slenderness of six feet and zero inches.
I have exchanged the pair of shredded blue jeans for a pretty flowing pink sundress with a set of breezy strappy sandals while following one of the excellent clothing tips from Quanta for a new dress code. I possess a set of long arms and legs with a pair of big feet that actually overhang over the pair of tiny delicate sandals.
In front of the doorway, Capri gasps in alarm to Argus. “Nia! You are in love with that girl, who is named Nia.” She slaps both hands down against the naked legs underneath the sun dress with a nod and a sour frown. “Of course, she always is bossy with you. Nia is always bossy and flirting with my great guy.” She sobs with a fake cry. “How could you do this to me, Argus? Nia is kinda okay. Blonde. Pale. Tall. I’m me. I’m prettier. Smarter. Richer. Sweeter. I’m sweet to you, Argus.” She looks down to see the designer watch for a second time with a sour frown. “Darn! I have to go, Argus. I am humbly giving you one more chance right here and right now. Please come with me and go onto the boat, darling!” He silently stares at her. Capri exhales. “Then, it is good bye forever from me to you, Argus. You embarrass and shame me without coming to my daddy’s boat party with me. However, I will find another guy to care and love me. It was fun while it lasted, boy,” she lifts both hands and fakes a cry into the open palm while swinging a body to face the open archway and stops, spinning around with a set of stained tears running down all the cosmetic makeup face.
Argus moves ahead in silence and scoots around upright Capri, stopping and grabs out, holding the open door with a stern face. Capri exhales with a puff of annoyance and dashes ahead with a sour frown.
Behind the staircase inside the foyer, I bolt ahead coming from steps and enter into the kitchen that is decorated on three walls which is lined with an assortment of stainless-steel appliances, tan colored hand-made kitchen cabinets, and numerous wash sinks. I face the northerly direction and staring through a set of undivided windows, seeing the steel buildings of Birmingham, moving ahead and enter through the open archway and stop on top of the pool patio while breathing with pants from the intense chat and my devious spying as a bad angel a few moments ago.
The city of Birmingham is built both below and above a set of three geological mountain ranges. The house of Argus consists of 9,000 square foot which is composed of eight bedrooms, twelve bathrooms that stands at the peak top of 350 feet of Red Mountain which overlooks the beautiful and lighted downtown Birmingham. The long patio wall overshoots the edge of the moist red clay dirty with a pair of sturdy concrete legs that raise twenty feet into the air. If you are scare of heights, this is not the place to buy.
I stop in front of the limestone railing without worry about falling off, since I possess a set of angel powers that work perfectly. The set of tiny red tinted and black colored dots jump, leap, and bounce up and down and then side to side within the baby blue skies over Birmingham rooftops. I understand fully the tiny battle of angels versus demons over each Soul and feel numerous sensations of sorrow, sadness, pity, love, and hope.
I close the eyelashes and allow the bright sunshine to warm the face and as my angel eardrums hear an array of sounds that come from each individual car horn, an emergency vehicle whistle, laughter of playing children, singing birds, croaking frogs, and fiddling crickets that uplifts my emotions into happiness, peace, and joy. I open the eyelashes and see the fiery dots. Each dot fights over a hospital rooftop, a place of sick patients, who is ready to die. I spin away from the individual human suffering, bouncing a nose bridge into the strong jaw line, feeling a set of warm hands. The pair of warm hands balances Aneathea as she shifts her big feet inside the tiny sandals. I look up with a gasp. “Argus.”
“Aneathea.” He continues to hug both of her arms with a stern face. “I am sorry that you saw that ugly exchange.”
I gasp in alarm and whip a chin down into the chest turning into the color bright red on my pink skin while feeling embarrassed for the both of us, desiring to run back into my room to cry or leave the mansion or return back to heaven. I hope that I do not the fail the test or do not receive my wings or do not fail as an angel and success as a demon.
“Nia!” Blade yells inside the hallway.
Argus removes both the warm hands with a smile and pivots to face the kitchen archway. Garrison and Quanta enter into the kitchen with a set of smiles before Blade.
“Blade!” Nia yells with a sneer inside the hallway.
“I hope that you have finished your meal, Argus.” Quanta moves ahead with Garrison and stops, sitting inside one of the chairs at the breakfast table that overlooks the patio and swimming pool.
Blade moves ahead and stops, sliding down into an empty chair at the breakfast table next to Quanta with a laugh and a grin. “Nia finished her temper tantrum finale with a food fight…”
“…in the dining room on the top of the table, the chairs, the carpets, and all the other places that the cleaning crew might want to pay very close attention too.” Garrison smiled at Argus.
Argus shuffles ahead with a smile towards the refrigerator and stops, opening the door, retrieving a small milk carton, saying nothing negative or positive about the group of paid but incompetent bodyguards or the food encounter against the dining room furniture. He hears the rock and roll song on the mobile telephone and back steps from the refrigerator, moving out into pool patio for a private conversation with his father.
I move ahead towards the corner of the table which is used at breakfast time, pulling out a chair, sitting quietly while working calmly on my jumbled emotions, vibrating raw nerve endings and shallow pants of light breathing as I watch the rest of the play and the play actors inside the kitchen.
Nia appears and stands inside the archway with a growl and is covered in numerous food items, such like, orange sweet potatoes, green and red parts of the garden salad, yellow banana pudding. Each food item is splattered on top of the hair roots coming down to the covered toenails. The food art work doesn’t compliment the yellow vile worded shirt, the pair of skinny blue jeans, or black colored sneakers minus the blue cap, where her short blonde hair has been exposed to the cooking items also. Nia exercises a pair of folded fists with fury and angry and as she growls, grunts, and groans deeply which staring at Blade.
Quanta turns with a smile inside the chair and extends an open palm towards Nia, redressing the young angel with her angel magic. Nia wears a simple white silk sheath dress. Quanta smiles. “Do you feel better, honeybee? Now, I want you to be a good girl and try to sit at the table like a young lady from Alabama.” Nia moves ahead with a sneer at Blade and sits next to Aneathea while growling at Blade.
Argus swings around from the patio floor and reenters the kitchen with a smile. “Capri is no more.”
Nia looks up with a gasp to see Argus. “Capri has gone from here!”
“Yip! She has gone from her and to the isles of the Bahamas for a birthday party,” Argus smirks at Nia.
“O!” Nia frowns.
Argus cocks a skull sideways at Nia with a smile. “Is that a new dress that you are wearing at the breakfast table, Nia? I thought you were covered in food items a few seconds ago. You look really pretty now.” Nia swiftly stands and spins around in a circle, wearing the new dress and then quickly sits down inside the chair as she parts the lips and stares at Quanta while exposing the undercover mission of the angels in front of the human. Argus chuckles at Nia. “O. You’re a quick-change artist, Nia. That is a good trait to possess.” He lifts up and drains the milk carton, dropping the item, tossing the carton into the trashcan with accuracy.
“Did we damage your relationship with Capri, Argus?” Quanta turns and smiles at Argus.
Argus shakes a skull with a smile. “That relationship was never meant to be. Capri is enjoying her destiny.”
“I always said she wasn’t good enough for you, Argus.” Garrison smiles.
“Celebration! Let’s go for a ride.” Argus claps and smiles at Garrison.
“Back to school! Your academic classes have started fifteen minutes ago. We’re going to be late.” Quanta nods with a stern face to Argus.
Argus tosses both arms into the air with a nod and a smile. “Blow off school! Ride my motorcycle down Highway 31 while feeling breeze in my hair.”
“Helmet law.” Garrison smiles.
Argus laughs. “Feeling the breeze on my naked arms and legs.”
“If you leave the mansion, you are required to have a bodyguard per your father, Argus?” Garrison smiles.
“Does the chauffeur count, Garrison?” Argus turns and winks at Blade.
“I’m prime.” Blade swiftly stands and beats both fists on the flat chest with a laugh.
“Ladies, would you like to join the male riders?” Argus turns and smiles at Aneathea.
“No, thank you.” I gasp in shock.
“No thanks, boss hog!” Nia waves a pair of green, yellow and blue manicured fingernails looking out the window, admiring the pool during the pretty day without attending one of the boring academic classes at the local high school.
“Lady angels, they do not ride a machine.” Quanta smiles at Garrison.
I gasp at the foolish banter batting between Garrison and Quanta within an open conversation within the eardrums of the earthling teen.
“Very well, Quanta! School is dismissed but classes are not. Quanta will lead the class sessions while…” Garrison turns and smiles at Argus and Blade, who are moving ahead, exiting out of the kitchen space and then returns back to see Nia. “I’m out having fun. Ta-ta, lady angels.”
Nia winks at Quanta. “And?”
Quanta smiles. “We’re friends.”
Nia grins. “And ya’ll are very friendly. Do angels get married too?”
Quanta grins with a nod. “Absolutely! Where do you think a baby angel comes from? It is a grand affair. I’m attended several events in my time. Are you planning to marry very soon, Nia?”
Nia shakes the curls with a stern face. “Nope. No time soon. Garrison said that we’re to continue our Angeldom, this afternoon.”
I smile. “How long have you been here, Quanta?”
Quanta exhales. “I joined the team two years ago.”
“Do you remember your birth?” Nia laughs.
“That also is too long ago to remember.” Quanta grins.
“Do you remember the first trip to the planet?” Nia smiles.
“That also is a long time as well.” Quanta frowns.
“Do you recall being a human?” I ask.
“Now, that is a very good question, baby girl. Who was your first disguise of human format as an angel?” Nia laughs while trying to find out more about Quanta.  Maybe, Quanta is an ancient Soul like Garrison, who has lived among the cave people at the beginning of time or so he claims with the lie. Quanta ignores the question from Nia and waves a hand while popping an electronic notepad into the open palm. She looks down and studies the text categories for the next lesson. Nia points to the object with a smile. “Hey! That’s an e-book machine which is the new rage here. Can I get an e-book machine too, Quanta?”
Quanta waves a hand and then materializes with her angel-magic a second electronic notepad along with a tuna fish sandwich, a glass of milk, and three chocolate chip cookies for the lunch meal, after Nia and Blade had both destroyed the food items inside the dining room a few minutes ago. She smiles. “Nia, we all have the e-book machines that contain…”
“…boring lessons and stiff heavenly rules,” Nia frowns. “I’m talking about a real e-book machine for studying a set of real romance and action novels like a real teen…”
“Nia,” Quanta holds the e-book machine in the air. “Those apparatuses contain all the information that you need to pass this VIP test. Once you have acquired your wings, the notepads you are given will contain instructions, rules, and laws about your next celestial assignment. You don’t need to know about irrelevant affairs. Let me take this moment and allow you some caution when surfing the on-line internet and television stations at this human place of residence, Nia! You are being monitored all the time. If you insist on watching channel 123 on the satellite channel, then we will be meeting with more than Garrison.”
“What’s on channel 123?” I lean over with a smile and a whisper into the eardrum of Nia.
“Nia, if you corrupt Aneathea intentional…?” Quanta words hang in silence with a stern face.
“Later, baby girl!” Nia whispers back to Aneathea and sits upright with a grin while staring down the e-book with the daily lesson.
Quanta exhales with frustration. “Garrison didn’t provide an agenda for today. So, I guess the lesson topic is up for debate. What is your fancy, girls?”
Nia smiles. “You didn’t answer my first question, Quanta. Your first…? Nia starts slowly for a second time with a grin.
“Time is infinite for us. We live forever.” Quanta exhales.
“Some of us don’t.” I exhale with worry and as my mind flashes backwards with the battle of the angels versus the demons. Some of the entities did not survive over the rooftop of each building inside the city of Birmingham with my awesome angel-vision.
Quanta nods with a smile. “Some of angels get into trouble on purpose where they might find themselves sanitized as well.”
“Ouch! Are you threatening that at me, honeybee?” Nia slaps a chest with a sneer.
I take advantage of the rough situation with a smile. “Do you remember being sanitized, Nia?”
Quanta nods. “That's a very good topic for the daily assignment, Aneathea. Sanitation is the process by which the Soul is cleaned of all human filth while relieving the Soul of pain and pleasure in preparation for the angel duty and a new heavenly assignment. To answer your question, the process is painless to all beings, including both Souls and angels.”
Nia growls. “Don’t ever threaten me, Quanta!”
“Calm down, Nia!” I reach over and tenderly pat on the naked forearm on Nia while encouraging the process of faithfully obeying a superior angel.  Nia growls at Quanta.
Quanta smiles. “You receive ten demerits, Nia. You receive ten brownie points, Aneathea. The only sole purpose of sanitation is to ease the Soul out of torture and torment of a greedy, crude, and rude materialist world into a peaceful, loving, kind environment working toward both glory and good. And demerits and points are the tools of that measurement for any and all new trainees like yourselves giving your supervisors a guide into your strengths and weakness from multiple angles. There isn’t a limit on the number of awarded demerits…”
“An awarded demerit sound like an oxymoron,” I giggle with humor.
Nia growls. “A what?”
“You’re very clever, Aneathea. Do you study a lot?” Quanta lifts up the tumbler and drinks, swallowing the beverage with a smile.
I smile. “Oxymoron is presenting a set of words together with the opposite meanings. Award is a good thing. A demerit is a bad thing. Therefore, the two words mean…”
“Neutral. Nothing. Nada.” Nia laughs. “See? I study too. How many demerits do you get before…?”
Quanta looks down and reads the e-book machine with a smile. “Only a measure of the potential promise of an angel. Can you sing, Nia?”
“Amen!” Nia sings with a smile at Quanta.
Quanta looks up with a sour frown to see Nia. “You have an outstanding voice with a good strong tone. You can become a cherub tomorrow…”
“A cherub is a lowly thing. I mean within…I mean that their role is…” Nia frowns.
“A baby angel starts out as a cherub while singing, studying and working their way up the celestial ladder, even maybe as high as an archangel.” I smile.
“You are correct with your heavenly studies, Aneathea.”
I smile. “There is a reason for all the classes, all the sessions, and all the training which is to be the best angel for the good of all the humans.”
Quanta exhales. “Do you want to how many demerits rate a cherub?” Nia sneers. Aneathea giggles. Quanta smiles. “What else can you tell me about a cherub, Nia?” Nia frowns in silence. Quanta grins. “A cherub does not a pair of flying wings. An angel is casted into different types. Can you name all of the types, Nia?”
Nia smiles. “There is a cherub and then an angel and then an arch-angel…”
Quanta waves a manicured hand with a sour frown. “There will be no more viewing Channel 123 for the rest of your time here, Nia. As of right now, your studies come first and foremost. Other distractions have been eliminated. Back to my quiz, the answer is a life angel for an obvious reason. There is a death angel for an obvious reason as well. There is a guardian angel for another obvious reason and the rare but useful health angel,” she nods with a smile.
“You didn’t mention the warrior angel.” I smile.
“They exist. Yes, they do. But it is not inside your study core, today, Aneathea. I do believe that I need to peruse your e-book machine too.” Quanta waves a hand as the e-book machine lifts up from the table and floats through the air, landing inside the open palm. She looks down to read the machine with all the electronic lessons with a stern face. “Did Garrison provide you with a set of extra classes, Aneathea? Yes?”
Nia frowns. “Warrior angels exist. Yes, they do. Do you mean to add the fallen angels also, Quanta?”
I frown. “No! A fallen angel does not exist like the ones that are mentioned in the poem called, Paradise Lost.”
Nia turns and frowns at eh nose profile of Aneathea. “A what?”
Quanta looks up with a gasp to see Aneathea. “How do you know about the poem that is entitled Paradise Lost?”
Nia frowns. “A what?”
Quanta exhales. “The silly long poem was written by a human, in which, all the humans had seeped up the knowledge of both angels and demons.”
“I study. I read. I’m supposed to learn here while on the planet.” I nod with a smile.
“A poem, why do we need that stuff? It sounds boring.” Nia frowns.
“You’re a walking library. Aren’t you, Aneathea?” Quanta smiles.
“You need a good working fellow, baby girl!” Nia laughs.
“Nia, do I need to remind you? Why we all here?” Quanta frowns.
“I am here to get winged.” Nia chuckles.
Quanta looks down and fiddles with the e-book machine with a smile. “I’ve adjusted your reading materials, Aneathea. And don’t ask Garrison for any more heavenly sessions. How about some exercises, girls? We must practice both the mind and the body. Stand up! Move out into the middle of the floor.” She claps and then wiggles all the finger pads at the closed door while hearing a set of tiny scrapes and scratches as each piece of patio furniture shifts around and piles up into a tall column against the concrete siding for the new angel activity lesson. She smiles. “I want each one of you to zap your body out onto the pool patio and then return your entire person back here inside the kitchen floor while hopefully landing in the same spot.”
I stand upright from the chair with fear of the unknown and turns to frown at Nia in silence.
Nia stands upright with a laugh.
Quanta smiles with a nod. “Now, please!”
I close the eyelashes and concentrate on a selected patio spot near the red and pink rose bushes on the extreme eastern side wall corner which is away from the set of double glass patio doors, the undivided glass windows, and the concrete ledge of the pool. I pop a body outside successfully and then hear a set of faint noises above my hair roots. I open both eyelashes and swing around to face the southern sky. A red demon fights with a black angel over a new rooftop of the new building with a dying human. Poof! There is a pile of yellow tinted angel dust that drifts and then falls down on top of the rooftop.
I turn to see the northern skyline. A pink and blue tinted rainbow of falling stars lightens the baby blue sky with a set of drifting life angels, who float down and gently ride on top of a white cloud with a baby carrier which contains a new creation. A set of tiny rings of pink or blue encircles each ball of a new Soul. A life angel is a very young and very new entity with the first job of an angel right after the sanitation process on an infinite scale of celestial time. They wear a pair of white tinted walking shorts and a matching sleeveless shirt that is covered in the appropriate pink or blue set of silk robe which represents the human sex of new Soul without a pair of angel wings.
A death angel is dressed in a severe black jacket over a set of white battle gear while carrying a big oversized black briefcase as each one slowly drops down in a straight vertical line coming from heaven and gather up the recently departed Soul. Then, both the Soul and the deather peacefully ascend back up into heaven for the Soul to experience the sanitation procedure.
A rare health angel wears a set of green pantsuits, possess a pair of arms and hands without a set of legs or feet while totting around a green bag of healing properties for the Soul, dropping down onto the planet by a white horse and a white chariot towards the proper home residence.
My pair of eyeballs skate towards the set of peppered red and black spots that are dancing, twirling, and swirling over the tops of each building as a new pile of yellow plumes of angel dust sprays and carries the dust, landing on the ground, the trees, the flowering bushes, and the city streets which has been named the word pollen by the humans. The occasional dead demon will explode in mid-air as a plume of red and then blue dust as the colored dust evaporates into nothingness.
A single life angel has a guardian angel escort also with the occasional assistance of an assigned warrior angel too. A health angel relies on their companion horse for both the global direction and the body protection. No angel or alien or demon crosses a death angel twice.
I sense fear around my body and as my eardrums hear the splash of water. I spin around to see the pool with a giggle.
Nia materializes over a set of empty air waves with a scream. “No!” Then, she plunges both feet first down into the water pool. Aneathea rushes ahead and stops, squatting down with a hand for assistance, lifting up, dumping Nia out from the water and down onto the flat concrete. Nia stands wet from hair roots down to toe nails, when her body is swiftly dry along with the wet clothes. She frowns inside the window at Quanta. “That is two times today. It must be a new record for honey-bat.”
“Honeybee, you mean to compliment our instructor Quanta.” I smile with a nod.
Nia sneers into the window at Quanta. “She ain’t sweet. She’s a honey-bat. Bats are mean tiny little creatures that bite your neck and suck out your blood until you are dried out and dead by suffocation.”
I spun around with a gasp to see any type of video spy cameras that are mounted on the exterior walls of the patio. “We’re being monitored, Nia.”
“I’m not afraid of the television screens.” Nia waves both hands in the air at the screen in the corner of pool space.
“I am being monitored as an angel, Nia.” I gasp in alarm.
“I’m not too sure about the monitoring coming from honey-bat.” Nia laughs. “She’s a…”
Girls. Quanta connects, links, and speaks her words into each mental mind of the young angel.
I frown. “She is our teacher for the day, Nia.”
“I miss Garrison. He is a saint compared to honey-bat.” Nia snarls.
“I thought you missed Argus.” I smile.
“Since, selfish and egomaniac Miss Capri is out of the picture now. There are unlimited possibilities with cute hunky Argus, baby girl.” Nia moves ahead with a smile towards the kitchen door.
I follow behind Nia with a smile in silence.

A 07:03 pm, in the den space setting among warm temperatures with rain showers and no stars, Blade hurls a long body on top of the long sofa in the middle of the den room, turning on the gigantic plasma television screen, holding a beer can. He watches the weather report which predicts more thunderstorms and rain over Birmingham.
“Bladie boy, he is here in my presence. Where’s my butter knife?” Nia appears and stands at the edge of the sofa with a smile, crossing both biceps over the vile worded T-shirt, staring his body.
I move ahead and shove Nia away from Blade towards the lonely chair in the corner of the den with a smile. “Move over towards the big red chair, Nia! I wanna sit on the comfortable couch with Blade.” I stop and plop on the edge of the sofa that is not occupied with his legs, turning with a smile to see Blade. “Does this television screen transmit Channel 123?” Nia laughs.
Quanta had been true to her word leaving ever proper family channels on the television screen inside each bedroom while blacking out Channel 123 where Aneathea didn’t know what it represented.
Blade leans over and sits the beer on top of the coaster like a good house guest, turning to frown at the nose profile of Nia. “Nia, this is your doing.”
“Not me, Bladie boy!” Nia smiles at television screen.
“You’re going to get into big trouble, Nia.” Blade turns and frowns at Aneathea.
“Not me, Bladie boy.” Nia continues to smile at the screen.
“Just tell me! What is Channel 123? I couldn’t find the reference on the screen with.” I smile at Blade. Nia laughs.
“You’re going to get into big ginormous trouble, Nia.” Blade stares with a sour frown at Aneathea.
“Aneathea, stop asking about channel 123! You hear Blade. I’ll get more demerits from honey…” Nia turns and frowns inside the empty hallway.
“Honey bat.” I giggle.
Blade scratches behind the skull and smiles at Aneathea. “That’s very clever and cute, Nia!”
“Not me, Bladie boy.” Nia continues to smile at the screen.
Blade reached over and grabs, slurping on the beer with a stern face. “You, two angels…”
“Argus is here.” I turn and smile inside the empty hallway.
“No. He is out with his father.” Nia continues to smile at the screen.
I turn and smile at Blade. “Have you met his father Archie Michael before, Blade?”
Blade frowns. “You, two angels are as different as night and day, sun and moon, zero and one, good and bad…”
“Not me, Bladie boy.” Nia continues to smile at the screen.
“Nia, don’t pull the kid into shit. Garrison will rip your wings apart.” Blade sips and swallows the beer and stares with a stern face at Aneathea.
“I didn’t have wings, Bladie boy.” Nia continues to smile at the screen.
“My point exactly, Nia.” Blade frowns.
“I’m not a kid, Blade.” I exhale. “Tell me! What is on Channel 123?”
Blade chuckles. “Aneathea, you’re very young on my infinite time scale.”
“I’m older than I look.” I nod with a smile.
Blade points down to the beer with a chuckle. “This beer is older than you look, kid.”
“How old are you, Blade?” I smile.
Blade sips and swallows the beer with a stern face. “I’m not supposed to be talking about this topic with either one of you.”
“How many digits? Two? Three? Four?” I lift and present four fingers with a giggle.
“Man! I was told that you’re a walking computer.” Blade sips and swallows the beer with a smile.
Nia frowns at the screen. “What’s the hang up on your ages, Blade? Garrison is older than Red Mountain and Quanta is…”
“Because Miss Bot Geek here can figure things out, too fast, Nia.” Blade points with a stern face at Aneathea.
I nod with a smile. “I’m here to learn…”
“…the wrong stuff.” Blade laughs.
I frown. “You’re our guidance angel. You supposed to answer all our queries about problems and issues and matters.”
Blade nods with a smile. “You are right, Aneathea, because you don’t have any problems or issues. However, Nia, on the other hand…”
“Not me, Bladie boy.” Nia smiles at the television screen.
“Nia, you and I both know differently. Look! Trainees are to learn and experience with their growing powers the interaction with all different types of characters that hover and fly around the cosmos. Aneathea doesn’t need the distraction. And, Nia, you need to hit the old books or maybe the entire book stacks at the local book store.” Blade laughs.
“A what?” Nia frowns at the television screen.
Blade materializes the object and holds it in the air with a smile. “I have and hold your personal e-book machine!” He tosses it as Nia blindingly catches with one hand without using the eyeballs while staring at the television screen. He smiles. “It contains over 850,000 scripts and 85,000,000,000 words of reading text.”
“I read too.” Nia smiles at the screen while placing the e-book machine between the legs.
“The e-book machine knows how much you have read. Don’t ever lie, Nia!” Blade frowns at Aneathea.
“Do you have wings, Blade?” I smile.
“Yup!” Blade nods with a smile.
“Can we see them?”
“Nope.” Blade shakes a skull.
“You’re no fun, Blade.” Nia continues to smile at the screen.
“I’m an angel, not an earthling.” Blade smiles.
“Outer Space Star Ship to the Moon.” I giggle.
“A what?” Nia frowns.
“A movie.” I smile.
“How do you know that, Aneathea?” Blade frowns.
“Are you two communicating in some kind of secret angel code?” Nia continues to smile at the screen.
I exhale. “I saw the movie on the television screen…”
“When did you remember seeing that movie on the television screen?”
I gasp. “I saw it, before Quanta censored all the programs.” I had seen the old television movie a long time before that.
Blade chuckles with a nod. “Quanta can be vicious, when it comes to protecting the trainees.”
“How long have you been on the preceptor team here?” I frown.
“Ten years.” Blade smiles.
I frown at that answer. “Then, he would have been seven years old. Why would a young innocent child need…?”
“You think too much, Aneathea!” Blade nods with a smile.
I smile. “Well, I’m definite going to be thinking about Channel 123 between all my boring lessons.”
Blade leans over and breathes into the face of Aneathea. “I’ll tell you about Channel 123.” He softly whispers into her face and sits back with a smile, slurping on the beer.
My heart pumps and as my pulse races. My palms sweat.  My body heats and as my mind quickly visualizes lots of different images. I slowly stand upright from the sofa with a confused brow. “I... go ...bedtime. Good night!” I swing to face the hallway and rush out the room towards my private bedroom.
Nia continues to smile at the television screen. “You’re bad, Bladie boy.”
“I’m good at saving your ass, Nia. Don’t pull the kid into…”
“Shit.” She continues to smile at the television screen. “I heard you the first time, smartass.”
“Good ears, that’s a great quality for a….an angel.” Blade laughs and watches the television screen also.
Chapter 10



Thursday May 18th


Midnight hour
Pool Patio setting
Warm temperatures with twinkling stars and bright moonlight


Inside my bedroom, I stand next to the bed frame and wave a hand while using a set of angle magic coming from the bedroom and landing down inside porch patio during the night while the other people sleep with a loud thump.
On top of the patio, I run into a wall of soft muscle and then lose my upright balance reaching out and grab the nearest object, wrapping both arms around the heated body of a male while trying unsuccessfully to stabilize both our bodies.
The male sways to the left and carries her down towards the ground as they both splash together down into the cold swimming pool of water. They swiftly sink down towards the bottom of the pool coming from the heavy combined weight of over four hundred pounds from two heavy bodies drowning in six feet of deep water.
I release both hands away from his chest and flip both bare feet in the water without moving upward towards the air surface while turning blue tinted colored in a face coming from the lack of oxygen air where an angle needs to breathe on the planet.
The male reaches out and locks one strong bicep around her shoulder blade and the second bicep around her waist while entangling them underneath water. He bends the kneecaps and blasts a pair of strong legs from the bottom floor of the swimming pool, swimming upwards towards the air surface as they emerge and break the air surface. He guides and swims with her towards the wall corner of the pool pulling with strong muscles me onto the concrete steps of pool. I cough and then spit and then cough and then snip air into a set of tight lungs. Then I spit out more pool water coming from a pair of tight lungs and brush back the plastered hair from a wet face while touching the male chest. I gurgle with fresh air in silence. He sits down on top of the concrete step inside the pool and pulls her into a lap while tenderly stroking her back spine with a set of strong fingers, sweet breathing into her eardrum. “Don’t talk. Breathe easy!”
I cough and then spit mouth salvia twice and then breathe heavy as my nerves shock back into my spinal cord. My mind whirls with dizziness. My body shakes from the sudden coldness of the air and the swift hotness of his body.
“You’re shaking.” He reaches out to the side and grabs one of the folded beach towels coming from the pool chair, lifting her into the air with one bicep, wrapping the towel twice around her wet body with a worried brow. They scoot upward and sat onto the next higher step inside the pool stairs as she dangles a pair of naked feet from his lap. He reaches out to the side and grabs a second folded towel, wrapping around her shoulders and part of her messy hair, pulling Aneathea into his heated bare chest, whispering into her face. “Don’t talk. Breathe. Relax.”
I close the eyelashes and feel the warm towels and his body heat while smoothing a weary mind, falling comfortably down into a steady rhythm with his breathing, feeling safe, and experiencing for the first time an act of caring love, not from mother or a father but boyfriend love.
He slightly shakes her awake with a soft timber. “Aneathea, are you hurt?”
I jolt awake from the warm love and jerk away from his sweet breath, opening the eyelashes while wiggling inside the warm coat of towels with a stern face. “Argus, I am not hurt.”
“I’m going to stand up from the pool water and move you for comfort down into one of patio lounge chairs.” Argus slowly stands upright from the step without a set of vile grunting sounds, cradling her into a chest. He spins around and moves up the pool steps, strolling ahead and stops, straddling over the chair seat with both legs, sitting her down inside his lap. They sweetly together into the lounge chair. He says with a worried brow. “Do you feel better, Aneathea?” He reaches over and grabs the object, popping the tab of the beverage can. “You need to drink a little soda water. It will wash out the pool chorine.” He shifts the cool bottle can to her lips. She slurps the warm hot liquid down the throat and then burps out loud. Argus chuckles. “That’s my girl.” He lifts and chugs the rest of the warm soda, burping out loud with a chuckle also. “The fizzy water of the soda burns the pool fumes out of your esophagus. That’s why we burp out loud.” He drops the can onto the table surface and reached down, gently tucking the ends of the towels around her legs and her shoulders with a smile into her eardrum.  “Do you feel better? Are you warm enough?” He turns and stares at the dark shadows inside the wall of the patio with a puzzled brow. “Where in the earth did you come from? I thought that I was here alone on the pool patio.”
I turn and stare at the same wall corner in silence and take a deep breath of air. “I was playing hide and seek.” I burp out loud and slap a hand over my open lips in embarrassment.
He turns and frowns down at her nose bridge. “Do you understand the game of hide and seek?”
“It is a child’s game.” I whisper softly.
Argus chuckles. “Garrison mentioned that you excel at your academic studies. I hope you plan to attend college but you look too young for high school. Garrison said that you needed this bodyguard job.” I wiggle out of the towels and successfully struggle out his lap as he comments with a sweet tone. “I welcome the company being more of a night owl like you…”
My eyeballs shift automatically to the battle occupying the night starry sky with a set of little tiny dots of fires and flames while displaying the colors of red, blue, yellow, orange, white, and purple. Then I see lots of bright yellow powder puffs which is the piles of new angel dust of numerous dead angels. I lightly sob, thinking mentally the reward for being a good Soul on the planet. Then a good angel in heaven is snuffed out in a few seconds as Garrison and Quanta emphasize over and over again the potential promise of the angel and the angel test or failure. I exhale with a whisper of worry. “I’m so lost.”
He hugs her with a chuckle. “I’m here. It’s just a little water. Nothing more, Aneathea!” She tries to pull away from the warmth, the touch, and the man as he tightly hugs her into a naked chest with a smile into her eardrum. “As a small boy, my father enjoyed to tell me stories. May I tell you a story?” He exhales with a smile. “The great warrior leader wore black armor clad over a pair of winged bodies with a lance and a shield. Then the warrior leader fought all the dragons as the dragons fought the armies and prevailed not, saving the multitude and winning the days.” She grunts. He smiles. “I can read your mind, angel. I just told you the story of Saint Michael with the great victories, the big heroes, and lots of action. I thought a bodyguard like you would enjoy that tale.” He chuckles. She wiggles side to side with a worried brow. He smiles. “What? Were you expecting something with a couple of little bunny rabbits and a pair of cute puppy dogs?” She giggles and then coughs up more water. He smiles. “You’re different from the others…”
“It is two in the morning, Argus.” Garrison appears with a smile and stands inside the open archway of the patio door.
I swiftly stand upright from the lap of Argus and continue to wear all the wet towels around a semi-wet body, nodding with a stern face to Garrison. “Thanks, Argus.” I move ahead with a fake smile and exit the pool patio archway. “Good night to all!” I swiftly advance through the kitchen and move by foot towards my private bedroom in silence.

At 07:44 am, cold temperatures with thunderstorm and rain showers without sunlight, inside the kitchen location, at the breakfast table, Blade, Garrison, Nia, Quanta occupy the same seats while eating the breakfast meal. Blade mops up the good food and says with a full mouth. “Rain.”
Garrison reads the new magazine with a stern face. “I believe that this is classified as a spring time thunderstorm.” The sounds of boom, crash, and ping of a thunderstorm produces heavy rain drops, loud thunder, and wild bright lightning indicating a severe storm for the day and part of the night in Birmingham.
Argus bounces happily into the kitchen and stops a few feet from the archway with a smile at the hair roots of Garrison. “There is not school today.”
Blade mouth spits food particles from the open lips with a smile. “There is rain today.”
Are you celebrating more of your new found freedoms, today, Argus?” Garrison continues to read the magazine with a smile.
“Capri really stifled my imagination.” Argus grins with a nod.
Blade looks up with a smile to see Argus. “Ditching school works for me! How about a ride or a race to the main island of the Bahamas on the pair of speed boats?”
Argus smiles at the hair roots of Garrison. “Yeah! I feel like a racing but not in a boat. I’m going…”
“It is raining outside, Argus.” Garrison continues to read the magazine with a smile.
Argus grins. “It is not raining in the rural town of Calera.”
Nia swallows the food with a growl, “He means the horse stables.”
Garrison looks up and turns to see the window. The skyline is colored in midnight black cloud coverage over the entire city limits including downtown and outskirts area of Birmingham as a set of white lightning bolts clash across the black sky with a set of loud thunder claps every three seconds. “There would be thunderstorms inside the rural farm town of Calera, as well, since your little farm homestead is only thirty miles south bound out of the city limits of Birmingham.” He returns back to see the magazine with a smile. “And the rain clouds are marching all over the entire State of Alabama coming up from the white sands of city of Mobile to the row of big rocket ships which are stand inside the city of Huntsville until ten o’clock this evening. You should view the television program more often and check the weather forecast before making future plans that you can’t keep.”
Argus extends both arms for the invitation with a smile. “I wanna go horse riding in the sunshine at Calera. Who’s in with me?”
Nia swallows the food with a sour frown. “Not me!” 
Blade reaches out and lifts up, sipping, swallowing the coffee with a smile. “Nope. Can I race the boat instead?”
Garrison continues to read the magazine with a smile. “You cannot race to the big island of the Bahamas but around the small pond of Lake Martin.”
Blade smiles. “Right on! I’m there, dude!”
Garrison smiles. “You can race the boat right after the rain storm.”
Blade frowns. “Wrong on! I’m not there, sir!”
“I do not ride a boat or a horse while wearing my new pair of designer shoes.” Quanta sips and swallows the coffee while reading the magazine in a pair of new heels which matches her coral colored pants suit.
Argus smiles. “Do you wanna go horse riding with me, Garrison?”
Garrison continues to read the magazine with a smile. “I see rain. I feel rain. I taste rain. And it is raining in the rural city Calera, as well as, here in metro city of Birmingham. You should stay and attend school, since the weather is lousy for any type of outdoor activity today.”
“It is not raining in the rural city of Calera.” Argus smiles. “So, I will inquire again with you, Garrison.”
Garrison continues to read the magazine with a smile. “Please pass me by. I enjoy a set of varied hobbies which is not associated with a pair of wet stinky animals.”
Argus grins. “Do I need a bodyguard?”
Garrison exhales and stares down at the magazine. “Definitely, you need a bodyguard, so that leaves the caring hands of Aneathea. Do you care to gallop through the wet tulips with our assignment Argus?”
“I love riding horses.” I smile with a nod.
Garrison looks up with a puzzled brow. “Where have you ridden a horse before, Aneathea?”
I gasp with a fake smile. “I would love to ride a horse for a try for my first time while trying to ride a horse. You know, maybe I will love riding a horse.” I remembered riding a horse in the year 1845 inside the US State of Tennessee at the age of three years old with my father.
Argus claps with a smile. “Great, Aneathea! Let’s go now! Weena has a set of horse clothes for your body. So, we can stay the night and two…”
Garrison frowns at Argus. “So, there will be no attendance of school tomorrow, either, Argus.”
Argus chuckles. “Yeah! You can call me in sick to the school office, Garrison. I suddenly have developed a rapid case of swine flu.”
Garrison frowns. “Swine flu doesn’t thrive in hot weather. How about Rhus radicans?”
Blade turns and frowns at Garrison. “That is what?”
“Poison ivy.” Garrison smiles.
“It sounds contagious to me.” Nia laughs with Garrison and Argus.
Garrison smirks. “It is. So do not be sharing anything with Aneathea, Argus, including your pretend Rhus radicans!” The other angels laugh.
Argus reaches out and grabs the arm of Aneathea, dragging her from the chair, swinging them towards the garage door for the day trip with a smile.

At 08:17 am, thunderstorms and heavy rain drops, inside the garage, the expensive sports car shines externally in metallic puke green vomit sitting next to the black racing motorcycle inside the garage of six spaces. The sports car possesses a set of nineteen inches black chromed wheels, two beige tinted leather seats, and a matching leather console. The set of loud radio speakers blasts an old rock and roll song which is entitled Play that Funky Music by musical group named K.C. and the Sunshine Band. The two steel semi-circle roll cage adds safety for two bodies, in case the drivers enjoys to fly in excess speeds by using the six-speed manual transmission which is decorated in beige tint and steel metal on the vertical stick on top of the floor. The sports car is five feet and nine inches in width and three feet and two inches in height.
Inside the garage, Argus opens the side door for Aneathea. She folds down at the waistline and scoots down into the passenger seat with a giggle and a grin of excitement of missing school and having some teen fun for a change.
Argus opens the garage door and then the car door, sliding down into the driver’s seat, reaching out and revs the cold engine as the power of the sports car growls back. He exits out the garage with great speed and hits a set of rain drops on top of the driveway as the single big black wiper flaps back and forth underneath the dancing lightning bolts in the eyeballs and booming thunder claps inside both eardrums. “The car travels zero to sixty miles per hour in four point six seconds. It has a power of a business private jet plane with a set of after burns that launch from a takeoff kinda like the defunked space shuttle, if you’re an outer space astronaut.” Argus continues to accelerate the speed of the car with a laugh in the rain, steering down the hillside of Red Mountain. “I like to soar like an eagle and go way up into the sky line flying passed the moon and up into the heavens, which is kinda like an angel,” he turns and winks at the nose profile of Aneathea, without watching the wet roadway. “Are you scared of fast speed, city princess?”
I shake the curls of strawberry blonde and turn with a wink to see him while holding onto the side door handle in secret. “I’m only scared of the black thunderstorms.”
“Stay cool! It is not raining in the rural town of Calera. It will be a pretty day for riding a beast with a pretty maiden,” he continues to smile and wink at her without watching the slick roadway, traveling over sixty miles per hour around the curve and onto the interstate.
I frown. “The weather forecast, I saw it on the television plasmas. There is rain all day and night.”
He races the car faster down over the wet interstate with a smile as the engine rev faster and cruises at a very high speed. “Naw! It is not raining there. It is a sunny and funny day with you, city princess.”
I turn and stare with a fake smile at the wet road while Argus breaks the posted speed limit of seventy miles per hour in the heavy rainfall. I sit inside a metal box that can easily rip and tore fragments and fractures bones and skin from a series of sharp and hard objects. “I feel awful leaving the other bodyguards in the rain,” giggling.
Argus drives at ninety miles per hour and quickly travels in the left lane, passing the other slow-moving semi-trailer trucks and construction vehicles and stares at her nose profile with a smile. “Blade doesn’t ride anything that breathes and reproduces. Garrison is a stick in the mud in the country as a blood blue city slicker. Quanta doesn’t know what red colored dirt looks like. Nia don’t like horses. Or horses do not like Nia. I can’t figure out which.”
“I think it is Nia.”  I stare at the wet road with a smile.
“I think it is Nia.” He presses the gas pedal with a smile as the car roars over one hundred miles per hour.
“You could have invited Capri for a day of riding the beasts too.” I smile.
Argus speeds by each heavy transport in the left lane. “Naw! First off, she is too nosily and not the quiet type. Second off, she is fake looking and not the pretty type. Third off, I don’t need her. I don’t want her. We ain’t alike. Are you scared of heights, city princess?” He leans over and sweet breathes on her cheekbone with a smile, speeding over the wet interstate.
I smile. “Naw!”
He smiles. “Good! I like speed, heights, and lots of sunshine,” he points over to the visual rays of bright yellow sun that bean down on top of the high hill top off of the interstate. “Look a there! I see numerous rays of bright sunshine. This is the rural town of Calera. My father owns the land on this west side and Alabama Brier Patch State Park owns land on that side of highway.”
“Why do you say: my father? Everyone else here has: a daddy. Why is that, Argus?” I smile.
“You’re perceptive, city princess! Well, because it is a sign of respect for my father. How’s that explanation?”
I nod with a smile. “That’s so nice, Argus! So many teens didn’t respect their parents. I did when…” I exhale with a sad face. I had recalled the memory living as two previous human lives and experiencing the painful loss of two sets of loving parents that I couldn’t share with any human.
“I didn’t think that you were a teen. I thought you were the older woman.” Argus smiles.
The sports car turns to the right and travels down a straight smoothly paved roadway that is framed by two white tinted cotton fields on each side. A big antebellum-style house ends at the driveway which resembles a majestic ancient Greek picture coming from a world history student textbook. There are six tall squared shaped columns that hold up the black tinted roof tiles and glitters in a pretty yellow paint on all the bricks. The outside front porch holds a set of four low down double wide windows which is very good for a thief to enter into the manor with an exterior balcony that swings completely around the second level of the manor that features green painted double front door entrance way without a welcoming committee.
Argus parks the car at the bottom of the brick steps which leads up towards the front porch and the through a set of closed double doors in dull red wood. He opens the driver’s door and stands upright with a smile, jogging around the front car bumper and stops, grabbing the passenger door handle, slamming open the metal. Argus holds out a palm for her exit with a grin. She stands and cuddles into his chest. He swings them around with a chuckle and marches up the steps extending a free hand towards the door knob and twists. The door opens.
He and Aneathea enter into the wide foyer space and stop to meet the mistress of the farm. He points the short cowgirl in a pair of dirty jeans, a pair of muddy cowgirl boots, and a low hanging cowgirl hat that covers both her eyeballs with a smile. “Weena, I would like for you to meet Aneathea. She and I will be going on a horse ride in the sunshine. She needs a pair of jeans, boots, and a hat please, since she is a city princess, not a rodeo queen.” He moves ahead towards the kitchen. “I’ll be in the kitchen eating. You come on down when you’re dressed, Aneathea. Then, I’ll introduce you to Bucky.”

At 08:35 am, cool temperatures with a bright sunshine, Argus and Aneathea both emerge and model a matching long-sleeved red and white checkered-boarded cotton shirt with a pair of faded skinny blue jeans over a matching cherry black pair of cowboy boots. He holds her hand and escorts her towards the open door of the horse barn, moving inside, strolling down the hay floor between the numerous stalls where all the horses stand. Each horse sticks a head out the stall window for attention. He points at each head with a smile. “These are called an American Quarter horse. The breed likes to run very fast than my sports car,” he stops and reached out, patting the forehead of the horse. “They are used by police law enforcement officers and on little kid nature trails. They are very nice and friendly to all folks, if you’re a good Soul.” He continues to move down the long corridor and points to each individual stall that holds a different colored of horse. “A Quarter horse is bred into a certain pattern of color like bay, brown, black, chestnut, red dun, blue roan, Palomino, buckskin, or gray.” He stops and pats the forehead of the horse with a chuckle. “Officially this gray coloring is called white, but there isn’t really a white colored Quartet horse only a set of white markings on a face or below the knees or around the socks.”
He produces an apple near the mouth of the horse. The grabs and chews the fruit as the juice drools down from the open lips. “This horse is named Mojo. Mojo stands twenty hands which is about seven feet in height. I’m six feet and six inches. So, Mojo is a good ride for me.” He turns and measures with a single hand against her upper arm and then squats down with the hand measuring and calculating her height with a smile, standing upright with a nod. “You are about fifteen hands which almost six feet. Are you six feet tall, Aneathea?”
She nods in silence. He sidesteps to the next stall with a smile and reaches out, patting the forehead of the next horse. The horse displays a tan hue which is called a buckskin pattern on the forehead. He produces another apple for the horse and clicks the tongue. The horse nods a skull up and down with a visual thank you. “This horse is named Bucky which is noted by her light tan colored skin tone or buckskin hue. Do you see the light brown to tawny colorization within her skin? She has a pretty black colored hairy mane, a long tail, and four pairs of socks around each hoof. They are called the name socks like a kid that wears with a pair sock with a set of running sneakers. She is a cutting horse. Pat her forehead! Feel how soft she is!”
Argus reaches down and grabs, slowly gliding her hand to the soft forehead of the horse with a grin. “Do you see and feel this thing? Bucky likes you. I can tell.” Aneathea strokes the soft forelock. He smiles. “This type of horse is very a very athletic animal that possesses magically innate cow senses. And I do mean literally. Horses have an odd ability to swirl, twirl, and turn sharply to keep each cow from escaping away from the herd. The ability is given as a gift from Our Maker. This sporting ability rose out from the actually the American West when a herd of cows needed to be vaccinated, castrated, or sorted out for some reason coming from other cattle herds. Then over time, the horse job developed into a national sport which is played at all rodeos across the United States and the entire world too.”
Argus reaches down and lifts up the steel latch from each stall door, reaching inside the stall, leading both Mojo and Bucky by a face halter towards a set of horizontal wooden posts that stands about three feet high. They stop as Argus reaches down and clicks a pair of riding reins onto each halter. He leans down and grabs a brush, standing upright and starts to brush out the tan coat of Bucky, handing her a second brush.
I accept the brush and drag it down the gray coat of Mojo while ironing out the hay weeds and grass particles and shining his skin clear and smooth with both my hands.
Argus replaces the brush back down into the pail and then decorates Bucky for a pleasure ride on the trail. “In real life and in a real rodeo, a horse and rider work together to select and separate out a single cow from the small pack. As cow tries to return back to herd, the rider loosens the reins and places a cupped hand onto the saddle horn and then he hangs on to dear life as horse and the cow bob heads until the cow is cornered and roped by another cowboy.” He lifts up the riding saddle in the air. “Go and grab a blanket off the rack before I place the saddle over the horse’s spine.” She reaches over and pulls off a short blanket that is decorated red and green and black squares from the wooden railing, tossing over the back spine of the horse. Argus pitches the leather riding saddle over the back spine and then cinches the leather belt underneath the stomach gut, yanking the leather straps tightly. He wraps a set of tan riding reins around wood post.
Argus pivots around and grabs a black tinted leather riding saddle and dresses up the gray Quarter horse with a smile and then he squats down and attaches a white cloth boot to each hind leg on the horse. “This white fabric is a splint boot that protects the forelegs of the horse from injury, if the iron shoe accidentally catches onto the other leg as it strikes down the ground for balance. Mojo used to be a barrel racer. He ran around an individual plastic barrel that was filled with sand. He could run faster than my sports car too.”
He stands upright with a smile at Aneathea, reaching out for the next piece of horse equipment. “Mojo and Bucky are old. They enjoy riding for a shorter period of time, since it is good exercise, but we take care great of their old legs and joints kinda like a pair of old folks.” He works a tan bridle and a silver bit into each mouth, scratching the forehead of Bucky with a tender hand, “Gimme your boot.” He squats down and cups the fingers for her mounting the horse. “I’ll give you a boost.” She lifts and places a left boot into his cupped hands and then tosses a right leg over the back spine of the horse, rolling sideways into the seat of the riding saddle, settling upright comfortably into the leather seat and the riding stirrups. Argus glides a set of reins into her hands.
He spins around and mounts in one long swing into the riding saddle and places a set of riding reins around the saddle horn with a smile. “Now, we are ready. We start a long walk first and then a slow trot and then a controlled jog and then a lope which is really a canter, and then…”
“No, Argus!” I shake the cowgirl hat that covers my red hair.
“Yeah, city princess!” He points with a chuckle towards the eastern direction. “We go that way. Hold the reins looser. Bucky knows the exact spot. You are doing a great job, city princess. We go towards the pond. Okay?” She nods in silence. Argus and Mojo take the lead and gallop towards the woodlands.
Bucky and I roughly bump together as a horse can on a flat dirt trail towards the hidden pond side by side with Mojo and Argus while he narrates in more horse knowledge. “The Quarter horse is the first breed of horse native to America which evolved from the bloodlines of Arab, Turk, and Barb horse breeds. During the Colonial American, the landowners brought and shipped the blue blood steeds from the countries of England and Ireland in the early 1600s. Resulting in this is great beast that is a compact heavily muscled mammal with a great passion for short fast racing like my sports car.” He chuckles. “The animals run a short distance over a straightaway faster than any other horse in US of A. The very first race was held in Enrico County, within the non-state of Virginia, in the year 1674, with one-on-one match races going and coming down a narrow village street or a wide country lane or any other flat level field pasture.”
I bounce up and down on top of the horse saddle with a smile. “I remembered reading the same historical information. But we are not racing our horses today, Argus.”
Argus points at the sun with a smile. “Go to the west, young man! So, he and his Quarter horse headed west. During the 1800s, the big cattle ranches stretched across the great dusty plains. The horse’s natural built-in sonar focused on their ‘cow sense’ which is coupled with a natural calm disposition towards each folk that has made a quarter horse the number one friend of a cowboy and the number enemy of all cows.
“Quartet horses possess a set of heavy muscles and run at a sprinter speed that gives a prominent feature towards the American roping and barrel race against the refined English show jumpers and second-best friends of man, the dog.” He kicks the stomach. Mojo trots into a steady pace. Bucky duplicates the horse style as I jerk, jolt, and jar painfully inside the leather saddle like a vertical bumper car ride on a set of four hoofs and a dirt field, since I haven’t ridden a horse, since the year of 1845.
Argus grins. “The gallop of a horse feels like the back spine is moving up and down and both back and forth like a swing. When the pair of hind legs engages, the head and the neck raise up as the pair of hind legs step underneath the belly, then as the head and the neck drop down, the front hind legs push off the ground. When the legs touch ground again, the head and neck are low for the stride, then come back up as horse gathers speed. During galloping, the head and neck continue back and forth faster than my sports car.”
I roller ball my pupils up into the skull, because I understand the concept of riding and galloping but don’t particular feel like galloping into a race at the moment, since the sun is shining while I enjoy my free but limited time with the cute human teen who is named Argus.
Argus balances on the boot soles inside the stirrup with a grin. “Now, we do a two-point position canter. Raise your fanny out of saddle. Lean slightly forward to balance the horse’s center of gravity. Hold onto the horn. Focus on the landscape and push your boot toes deep down into stirrups giving more freedom for Bucky. Let her do the work and you enjoy the ride, especially when jumping over tall obstacles.”
“No.” I gasp in worry. Argus nudges Mojo into a graceful lope. Bucky quickly canters two-seconds later. I reach out and grab onto the saddle horn with all finger pads and my dear angel life while crossing all toes nails with good luck, enjoying the smooth flowing cool-in-my-face ride as each tall tree and short bush become a flying green tinted ghost within my peripheral eyesight.
Argus shouts out loud. “We go over the fence.”
“No.” I cringe.
Argus leans his torso down into the neck of horse and then quickly sits uprights at the waist turning with a smile to see Aneathea with a wink. “Mojo says no problem,” he kicks the stomach of the horse as the stallion gathers more speed.
Bucky duplicates the speed and rides dangerously closer towards the fence. “No!” I shout out loud lifting up a fanny, planting both boot toes deeply down into the two stirrups and bend the kneecaps for the upcoming impact down to the ground while following his obtuse instructions. The broken fence is two feet height as it materializes within my pair of violet eyeballs.
He leans a grin into the neck of the horse. “Horses switch their lead on approach and over the fence. They lead right and then they land on the left. Feel the horse! Let her do the work! And hang on!”
“No!” I sing in soprano with fear. Bucky gathers more speed as water foamy sweat pours out from the skin coming from the heated and humid springtime warm weather while snorting loudly and breathing heavy as the skull of horse bobs up and down.
Then, they leap into the air and soar over the fence in silence for two seconds.
Bucky lands like the sound of thunder on the pair of front hoofs as a set of red tornados tear up into the air coming from the dry dirt. A pair of rear hoofs touchdown in the dirt as a set of dirt swirls takeoff into the air also. The skull of the horse bobs up and down snorting loudly and breathing heavy. A pair of two horses race ahead towards the lake pond against each other.
I continue to hold onto the sweaty leather horn and lean a face into the sweaty dark brown mane and neck of the horse correcting my center of gravity over the saddle.
Mojo slows down to a canter speed and then paces into a trot. Bucky follows and strolls into a walk as each horse breathes heavy with a set of new air molecules feeling the fresh breeze over the heated body, seeing the tiny fresh buds of green grass. Mojo stops and drops down the lips snacking on the tiny blades of tender grass.
I pull back on the reins with a smile. “Whoa, girl! Whoa, Bucky!” Bucky stops.
He slides off the saddle and approaches Aneathea, reaching up, grabbing the bridle and leads Bucky next to Mojo. Bucky drops down a head and munches on the tender green blades of grass too. He spins around and opens the arms with a smile to Aneathea. “Come on down, city princess. We got lots more adventures before our suppertime.”
I swing a leg over the saddle. He grabs her waist with both hands assisting gently Aneathea down to the ground, shuffling her towards a rock formation design that appears like a complete living room setting with a pair of back-less and leg-less chairs. He points at the rock with a smile. “These are limestone boulders which are good solid earth materials for building a concrete bridge and a roadway around here in Bama.” He reaches over and grabs, tossing a pack of sealed peanut butter and crackers to her with a smile. “Let’s take respite break and nourish our bellies before our big next adventure.” He releases her and stops, scooting around and sits down while reaching out, patting the empty boulder in the shape of a backless chair.
I scoot around and sit, eating one cracker at a time next to him.
Argus bits the food and points to the tall tree tops in the southern direction. “Do you like to climb a tree? That place is called Berry Patch State Park. No hunting. No fishing, only sightseeing.” He points at the tall tree tops in the north direction. “That’s my father’s property. No hunting. No fishing, only sightseeing.” He stands upright from the rock furniture with a smile and brushes off all the food crumbs from the shirt, spinning around, moving forward towards the horses and waves both hands in the air. In a surprise move, he claps out loud.
Mojo looks up with a head bod and a neigh, spinning around, galloping away at full horse speed beside Bucky.
I stand upright from the rock chair and toss the pack of crackers into the air, spinning around with a shout out of worry, pointing at the two runaway horses and dash ahead, stopping beside Argus with a worried brow. “No! The horses are escaping without us. We’re stranded here, Argus.”
He smiles, “Naw, city princess! They spin around and slowly walk back home for their suppertime. We go up, up, and away into the pretty clouds for more adventures.” He reaches out and grabs her hand with a smile, shuffling them towards a worn dirt path in the western direction. Then he leads through a winding trail of overgrown thorny deep green bushes and overhanging long brown tree limbs.
I climb and breathe and then pant and then climb and breathe and then pant stumbling over each rock and long tree branch while following behind the board shoulders of Argus. I move towards a mountain peak and lift up both hands into the air while feeling like I could touch each cloud with a smile. Then, I stop and squat down beside Argus who faces the edge of the mountain.
He turns with a smile to see Aneathea and points in the far distance. I turn and follow the direction cupping both fingers over each eyeball for a better view, spotting a pair of preciously the little things with a smile, “Babies.”
Argus leans over with a smile into her eardrum, “There are American eagle chicks. I found them last week when horse riding. They were just birthed making them a pair of native Alabamians. Are you scared of heights?”
“No, Argus!”
He stands upright from the rock and moves ahead with a smile. “Follow me!”
I follow and trip over more tree roots and stumble over the smaller rock boulders, the patches of dry and wet leaves, ducking down underneath set of low tree limbs and finally, arrive on top of a flat cliff of limestone rock.
Argus shuffles ahead towards the skyline and stops, sitting down on top of the solid rock, scooting a body towards the edge of nothingness as a pair of shins hangs over the air. He reaches down and pats an empty spot between the legs with a smile. “Come and sit here, city princess. It provides the best view of the baby chicks.”
I gasp out loud. “There!”
He pats an empty spot between the legs with a smile. “It is like riding in front of a horse or a motorcycle or a bicycle. Come and sit right here in front of me, Aneathea!”
I exhale. “Okay.” I move ahead and stop, lowering down straddling over his thigh, gingerly stepping a boot toe into the empty spot, squatting slowly down and sits in front of his body. Both of my legs fall down into the air waves and as I wiggle backwards a body against his muscular chest, abdomen, and lower body parts.
Argus giggles with a silly sound and reaches out, placing a pair of strong biceps around her waist, securing her to him, pointing at the bird nest with a smile into her eardrum. “An eagle is a very large and powerfully built bird of prey with a heavy head and long beak that weighs fourteen pounds and is forty-two inches in high with eight feet of wing span for a female. Each eagle has a large hooked beak for tearing out flesh from food, a pair of strong muscular legs with a set of powerful talons. Keen eyesight can see 3.6 times more than the human eyesight acuity. A pair of eagles builds a nest inside a strong and tall older mature structure like two hundred-year old tree that lives here in Bama which is near the water while they lay two eggs. Then, the older chick which is usually a female frequently kills her younger brother and younger sister, once she has hatched as the parents take no action to stop the baby killing.”
“No,” I gasp.
Argus exhales. “Yeah! The eggs hatch in the order as they are laid. Eaglets break their shell with a baby egg tooth which is a pointy sharp bump on top of their baby beak, taking twelve to forty-eight hours to emerge from the hard shell. Once all eggs are hatched, mama eagle stands vigilance over her babies as daddy eagle provides food. See? There is a grayish-white cover over each one of the small bodies. The tiny legs wobble with weakness and each eyeball is partially closed limiting their short vision. Their only protection is their mom and dad. An adult eagle shreds meat from the killed prey and coaxes the tiny chick to eat from their stinky bad breath beak while standing on edge of the nest as each parent bird moves around on a pair of talons which are balled into a folded fist to avoid accidentally skewering their own little babies.”
“Wow!” I see perfectly with angel magical eyeballs with a smile.
“Eaglets grow rapidly. At three weeks, the baby is one foot high and their feet and beak is near adult size. At five weeks, the baby can eat and tear up its own food. At six weeks, the baby stands tall like its mama and daddy. The baby flight begins at thirteen weeks and a single free adult starts at twenty weeks. An eagle lives up to thirty years of age. Once upon a time, there lived 25,000 of these beautifully creatures that lived thousands of years before the United States of America had been formed as a great nation of folks, soaring through the free baby blue skies over the wood timber-bordered lakes, fresh clean streams, and salty coastlines. Now, there are around 10,000 eagles within USA and a little more in US State of Alaska and the entire country of Canada. The prime reason, the domination of the species and the woodlands by each selfish need of a human.”
“Yeah,” I smile at the little baby animals.
“Watch this!” Argus pitches three tiny pebbles into air and hits the side of dead tree bark near the nest with a grin. Two chick skulls bob up and down with a set of tiny baby squawks.
“So cute!” I smile.
Argus whispers into her eardrum. “Just like a city princess that I know.” He lifts her into the air and then swiftly stands upright from the rock cuddling her with a smile. “Scoot up! We need go. I can see mama eagle flying back for the rescue. The parents veer only about one or two miles away from their chicks,” he swiftly back steps with her and spins both of them around, swiftly moving back towards the woodlands. He whispers into her cheekbone. “Are you scared of mud slides?”
“No, Argus!” I laugh.
He points down the sloped side of the mountain. “There is a new trail that leads down and then rounds us back towards the pastures to my friend Betsy.” He releases her hand and swings a body in the opposite direction, dashing ahead and drops off the side of the mountain with a laugh.
I turn with a gasp and dash to the edge of the same spot. He slides down a set of loose gray gravel like skiing on top of the toes with both arms parallel to the dirt. I reach out and place a boot toe for guidance and then the other foot for steering with both arms bent at elbows for balance and jump into the air, landing on top of the gray pebbles, sailing down a smooth gray and tan colored hillside. Argus jumps into the air and rolls forward down over a patch of grass, standing upright, spinning around to face Aneathea.
I hit his chest and arm muscles, panting breathlessly between my giggles.
He reaches up and wraps a set of biceps around her while keeping them from falling backwards down into the dirt with a grin, “Funny move, city princess!”
“Sorry! This is my first time to slide.” I smile.
He spins them around to face the thick green and brown woodlands, moving ahead over more dead tree limbs and wet leaves, wrapping an arm around her waistline with a smile. “Are you scared of bears?”
“No, Argus!” I frown.
Argus whispers into her cheekbone. “Good! There are lots of bears up in the mountains, maybe cougars too. Are you scared of wild cats?”
“No, Argus.” I frown.
He stops and stands in place with a smile. “Do you see the spotted owl over there in the tree?” He points at each critter with a smile and slowly moves ahead over the fallen tree branches with her. “Do you see the pair of blue-tail swallows on top of the tree branch, too? They’re good set of bug hunters in the air using a slender body as a weapon. The male has the longest tail with a set of twelve bird features that deeply forked which increases the maneuverability of flying while it functions as a sexual adornment.” He chuckles. “A female swallow bird only like a mate with a long lengthening tail.” He stops with a chuckle. “Shh! Watch this!”
A square-like grayish-brown top coat of an animal with white color underneath its belly and furred brown tail leaps off from the tree branch about fifteen feet high into air and soars like kite, without flapping a pair of wings towards a sister tree branch which is about sixty yards in flight.
“That is a southern flying squirrel. It is the smallest of tree squirrels, weighs three ounces, and is eight inches long. It doesn’t actually fly but rather uses its loose folds of skin called patagium between the wrist of fore and hind legs as a combination of a parachute and a sail and then glides down to a tree limb. A southern flying squirrel is capable of gliding distances of eighty yards or greater and can turn or change at any angle of descent. Just before landing, the tail drops down and then lifts its forequarters, slackening the flight skin like an air brake to land sure-footed in flight, but it is relatively clumsy on top of the flat ground.” He continued to move over the fallen tree branches and piles of ground leaves. “Do you hear it? Look at that! He is flying down to his mate inside the old woodpecker hole that has been dig out of a one hundred and fifty-year-old oak tree.”
I continue to smile at the flying squirrel and hear the faint bird-like song as the two squirrels greet and meet each other inside their tree home nest.
He moves ahead and ducks down underneath the set of overhanging tree branches, stumbling over the low brushes with a shout out. “Betsy!” Argus moves ahead to the object.
I stop with a confused brow and park both of my folded fists on my waistline, standing in front of a large object. “Betsy is a farm tractor.” I slowly stumble over the same fallen tree branches and piles of dried leave with a puzzled brow.
Argus stops in front of the object and reaches, tenderly patting the dried mud on the electric blue chrome metal finder that covers one of the black tires, pointing at his machine friend. “Betsy, she ain’t no tractor! She’s the fastest girl that I know, traveling fifty miles per hour and the only trust-worthy female on the entire planet,” he turns with a wink to see Aneathea. “Are you scared of tractors, city princess?” He sidesteps and opens the passenger door on the machine for an invitation to Aneathea.
“No, Argus!” I smile and shake my curls in disbelief that his best friend is a metal female as I move ahead towards the open door and Argus, stopping and climb a set of three metal thin planks. Argus reaches out and grabs her arm for balancing. I pace up the ladder without a set of hand railings, slapping both cupped hands, touching the dirty paint of the machine, jumping onto the floor and moves ahead towards one of two silver fabric lined buck seats, sitting down with a smile and survey the interior of the tractor cab.
Argus spins around and dashes up the ladder leaping inside the tractor cab with a smile and moves ahead to the control console, stopping and slides down into the pilot chair to crank the cold engine with the ignition switch like on a car. “Betsy is better than a truck. She has four-wheel drive, a loud radio,” he reaches over and turns up the volume on a country musical song with a chuckle. “She has three gears for go, stop, and reverse, a 360-window view of the woodlands, the farmlands and the skyline. She has a slender silver tinted smoke stack,” he reaches down and presses the button.” The smoke stack sounds with a loud toot. “She has a horn,” he reaches over and presses the steering wheel with a grin. The horn sounds with a loud beep. “And finally, she has you,” he looks over with a wink and a smile.
I turn red colored with embarrassment as I share a little part his small world today.
The electric blue painted tractor jolts ahead and climbs up a medium sized hill of corn stalks as the radio continues to play a country musical song. I slide backwards into the chair and survey the farmland in silence. The tractor stops and parks on top of the flat plateau. 
Argus turns with a smile to see Aneathea. Here comes the scary part! Do you want to pilot my chariot, angel?”
“Me!” I gasp in shock and stare at the pilot console with a worried brow.
“Yeah, you! Come over and sit here, angel!” Argus shifts backwards in the pilot chair and spread the kneecaps wide with an empty spot.
I frown down at the empty spot on the shared pilot seat.  “I think this is a plot to…”
“To what? What am I plotting to do, Aneathea?” He wiggles the eyebrows and pats the empty spot with a hand.
I stand upright from the second seat and shuffle in front of the steering wheel and his body, sitting down with a smile. “I will figure what you are plotting to do later, Argus.” I reach up and place both hands on the steering wheel. He reaches out and touches both his hands over hers. He rolls the tractor with a set of gear hand pedals on the steering wheel.
The tractor jolts forward then jerks side to side over the plowed clay clumps. I bounce and grind into his chest muscles with a giggle.
He chuckles and then grunts with delight. “You’re a good cowgirl, Aneathea. You can ride a horse, hike a mountain, drive a tractor, and tame a cowboy.”
I smile without returning a word, since I’m a little overwhelmed with his soft side.
The tractor slowly chugs up the hill and down the valley with the sun setting in an array of pretty colors of red and pink for hours. Argus continues to steer towards the fresh water creek as the set of black four tires rock back and forth against the rippling water. He reaches over and toots smoke stack that a produces a plume of white smoke for fun with chuckles leaning into her cheekbone with a tongue of sweet breath. “What do you think of my farm, city princess?”
I survey the landscape with a smile. “I love your farm. I love being here. This place reminds me of…of…” I keep referencing my past human life here on the planet, because the heavenly sanitation process did not work on my memory for some very strange odd reason.
“Of what? How can you be reminded of something that you’ll have never visited? I don’t understand that statement, Aneathea.” Argus frowns.
“I was reminded of a book that I read for one of my many homework assignments. Garrison is a master over me…”
“Garrison is a master over nobody,” he growls and then smiles. “Do you like it here with me, Aneathea? I mean to say that I hope you like it here with me, Aneathea.”
I smile at the pretty landscape feeling safe and happy. “I love it here. I want to visit as much as possible with you, Argus. Do you believe me?”
“Yes. I do. Let’s take her up the hillside. I want to show you something, Aneathea.” The tractor steers over a set of rolling mounds of pastures that are used for feed to the horses and cows. He stops and parks the tractors shutting down the engine, except for the light coming from the full moon that beams over the grass making a set of tiny flashes of diamonds in the wet dew of the night air.
Argus reaches over and flips on a pair of front overhead lights inside the cab. I stand upright from the pilot chair and shuffle sideways. He stands upright from the chair and shuffles out the opposite side, spinning around to face the door. He opens the door and climbs down the short ladder, jumping into the air coming from the last step, landing down onto the flat grass with a cheer of happiness. He spins around and lifts both arms into the air with a smile. “Aneathea, come on down here.” I spin around and move ahead with a smile stopping to see Argus. He holds both arms in the air with a nod and a smile. “Jump into my arms, Aneathea. I promise to catch you, honey. Come on! Jump to me before the overhead lights fade out inside the cab.”
I see rays of moonlight and leap into the air closing the eyelashes, landing perfectly between his two biceps without touching the ground with the boot heels.
Argus supports the lift of her entire body with a pair of taunt muscles and pulls her into a chest with a smile dropping her down to the grass. He back steps and leaves her alone and cold, spinning around, moving towards the rear end of the tractor and halts. He reaches out and flips open a metal compartment, lifting up an orange vinyl patio pool lounge chair with a set of silver metal legs from the trunk of the tractor with a smile. “Are you scared of cows?”
“No, Argus!” I spin around and move ahead, stopping beside his nose profile.
He hands her the cheap vinyl patio pool lounge chair and reaches inside, pulling out a second one and large basket, back stepping from the open compartment with a smile, turning to face the rays of moonlight on top of the hill. He moves ahead with a smile. “We tote the chair and our basket up hill and then eat supper.” He holds a picnic basket in one hand and the chair in the other. “Weena has prepared us a supper meal. There is a basket of fried chicken and pork and beans and other country stuff like a true cowboy of the American West.
“Yeehaw!” I move ahead beside him with a smile.
He turns with a smile and a nod marching up the hill. “That’s a pretty good rebel cry for a city princess. We work on your girly alto tomorrow.” They scoot around the mounds of fire ant mounds, the hidden rabbit holes, and piles of stacked cow patties within the bright starry sky. He stops on the peak of the hillside and places the picnic basket on top of the grass with a smile. “This is a good spot right here. Supper is served.” He unfolds the lounge chair posing it the starry direction of east to west while aligning with the moon light.
I stop beside him and unfold the lounge chair in a parallel formation with a giggle.
He reaches over and lifts up her chair the air placing her foot stool over his foot stool as the two-foot short stool interlocks over the vinyl material. “The two foot stools form a tiny table for our magnificent supper feast.” He points to the head of the lounge chair with a smile. “You can sit there. I will sit here.” He straddles the orange tinted lounge chair seat and sits down with a smile. She glides over the seat and sit down like a lady crossing my legs at the ankles on the side of the lounge chair. He reaches down and lifts up, placing the picnic basket on top of two intertwined foot stools, picking out each food items after laying out a green and white checkered cotton cloth over the two intersecting lounge chairs that forms a small table. The supper meal includes a tray of fried chicken parts, four cans of cold baked brown beans, six slices of white bread rolls, and four milk bottles. Argus sits one milk bottle near a plastic plate and points in silence at all the different food items. She selects all the food items for her supper meal, consisting of a single one bread roll, one can baked beans, and a single piece of fried chicken breast.
Argus eats the rest of the items, including the remaining three cans of baked beans, five bread rolls, and six pieces of chicken. He finishes the first drumstick in three bites and licks the bone clean, reaching down and picks up the second one, holding it out in the air with a smile. “Do you want a drumstick? There are only two on a dead chicken.”
“I have a piece of white meat. Thank you!” I consume the can of cold baked beans and a single delicious bread roll while I unsuccessfully cut and scratch on the golden brown thickly breaded chicken breast with a small plastic knife and a matching fork that comes from the picnic basket as the hunk of meat swiftly slides to the right side of the plastic plate for the third time.
Argus chews on the drumstick meat when a soaring chicken breast flies off the plate and heads towards his face. He lifts up a hand and captures the runaway chicken breast with a chuckle and a smile, “Naw, city princess! That’s not the right way to eat a piece of fried chicken. You gotta use all your fingers, all your teeth, and all your lips like a real cowgirl. No silverware needed.” He looks at her while slowly tearing off a piece of meat, waving it in the air with a smile. “Okay. You can tear it off from the bone, but you gotta eat it with your fingers. No forks are allowed.”
“No fingers are allowed. Thanks for cutting, tearing the meat, Argus. I can take it from here.” I hold the plastic fork in the air ready to grab the meat from his hand.
He pulls the meat away from the wavering fork with a smile. “I’ll feed you the meat. Open your mouth!” He leans over towards her body with a smile.
I sat back with a gasp. “I beg your pardon!”
“Open your mouth! I’m going to feed you like a little kid, so you don’t get chicken parts on our matching cowboy and cowgirl shirts,” he leans further over the lounge chair and towards her body with a smile. “Open your mouth!”
“No, Argus! I’m a grown person.” I am a young angel without a pair of wings but I am trying to earn them which will not include a cute billionaire son, who wants to baby me.
Argus moves the meat slowly towards her face with a grin. “Don’t bite me. Okay. Or I might bite you back,” chuckling.
“No.” I sat back and cross both arms, shaking my curls with a sour frown.
“Yes.” He guides the meat through the air towards her face.
“Argus!” I frown with annoyance at the silly maneuver.
“Close your eyeballs, as well!” He slowly guides the meat in the air towards her face with a smile.
“Argus!”
“This is fun, Aneathea! Don’t you like to have fun and play a game, like hide and go seek?” Argus leans over the intertwined foot stools on each cheap lounge chair and slowly moves his smile and the meat towards her frown.
“Fine!” I exhale.
“Close your eyeballs and lean over the chair.” He holds the meat in the air with a grin.
I shut the eyelashes with a huff of annoyance at him. “My eyeballs are closed. But, if my eyeballs are closed, then I can’t see the food sailing in the air.”
“And you can’t chew the chicken, if you’re beating your lips together. Open your mouth!” Argus leans closer to her mouth with a smile. She opens the mouth and leans an arching neck towards the invisible meat while trusting in Argus. “A little closer, Aneathea,” he smiles. She glides a face and a neck over the chair and closer to his lips. “Come closer, Aneathea!” He smiles. She sails a skull over the intertwined foot stools with an open mouth. He smiles. “You’re almost there, angel!” She glides over the foot stools into his section of the lounge chair. “Here it comes, angel!” He holds the meat two inches from her nose bridge. She opens the jaw line and lowers the bottom lip exposing a pink tongue. He reaches over and places the single piece of chicken onto tongue with a smile. She closes the lips and chews with a smile with both eyelashes shut. He drops both hands and wipes on the blue jeans with a smile at her face. “Good, angel!”
Her kneecap slides to the left over the slick vinyl inside the lounge chair. I tumble forward in an uncontrollable fall and plow into a wall of steel flesh. Argus reaches out and grabs both of her arms with a smile. I open the eyelashes and nestle into his neck and collar bone.
Argus pulls back Aneathea and smiles at her. “That’s a funny move, angel!”
“I am sorry, Argus,” I jerk backwards and pull away from his strong grip of muscles.
He chuckles. “That’s okay. You can stay here for a spell, while I feed you the rest of the chicken breast.”
“No! I can feed myself inside my own seat.” I sat back into the back rest of the cheap lounge chair while straightening the messy shirt and the messy hair.
Argus reaches down and torn more pieces of chicken, placing each one on top of her plastic plate and then eats one of the meaty pieces with a smile of food between his molars. She giggles. “Hey! I made you laugh out loud.” He exhaled. “Woo! I thought for a moment that I was losing my touch with the angel,” he winks and then leans over, digging around inside the picnic basket, pulling off and lifts a set of new food items with a grin. “Looky here! I found four sets of mini-pecan pies. These are delicious on your taste buddies. Okay. Open your mouth, again, angel.” Argus unwraps the plastic and holds the pecan pie in the air with a nod and a smile.
I can’t bear to fall into his lap again, so I honestly fib with a smile. “I don’t want any type of dessert. You can eat all the tiny little pecan pies, Argus.”
Argus smiles. “Come and eat one little tiny pecan pie! Open your mouth for me, angel.”
“Argus!”
“Come and eat one tiny piece of pecan pie for me! Then, you can finish eating all your chicken pieces in peace. I cross my heart,” he smiles.
I nod in silence and then lean a swan neck towards the hovering pecan pie. He glides the sweet dessert into her mouth. She chews and swallows with a smile. “Mmm! That’s really good.”
“Good, angel!” Argus shoves two of the little pies into a mouth, chewing and swallows with a smile.
I finish eating all the torn slices of chicken breast. They work together to clean up the mess of crumbs, plates, and garage on top of the two lounge chairs. Then, both of them stretch out upon the patio pool lounge chairs, before we return back to the manor for the bed time ritual.

At 04:04 pm in the cool temperatures and moonlight with bright stars, I rub a full tummy from all the delicious food, stretching out both legs and both arms over the hair roots on top of the cheap lounge chair tucking each side of the blanket between the kneecaps, staring into the stars that flash an aura of light and communication back to my angel-mind. Then, I tense with alarm. There is a set of tiny dots of red and black lights between the white stars that represent a new war between an angel and a demon. I close the eyelashes, blocking out the sight and mentally think of the nest of cute baby eagle chicks on the side of the mountain.
“Angel!” The other cheap lounge chair say out loud with the bass timber of Argus while rattling side to side with his swaying six feet plus body in a set of tiny squeaks. She smiles at the chair. “Angel!” The chair repeats.
I feel a set of warm heart energy near the bicep that hovers near my cheekbone, “Yes, Argus!” My eyelashes are closed to avoid seeing the celestial battle among the white stars of a group of angels against a gang of demons.
“Are you scared of the stars?” He frowns at her cheekbone.
“No, Argus!” I exhale.
“Why are your eyelashes shut closed, angel?” Argus sweet breathes into her cheekbone with curiosity.
“I am resting for a moment,” I honestly fib with the eyelashes shut from seeing the terrible battle.
“O!” He shifts back into the chair as the legs squeal in metal pain. Then he points into the night sky with a smile. “I see the big planet of Jupiter over there,” the chair squeaks in the metal pain t the right. He smiles. “And over here, I see the medium sized red tinted planet Mars,” the chair squeaks in metal pain to the left. She giggles from the sounds. He smiles. “But the big bright white tinted moon shines bestest and closest here to me. The moon is closest like you to me.” She could feel his sweet breath on the cheekbone and open both eyelashes, turning with a smile to see the smile of Argus. He smiles. “Good! Ya finished resting, angel.”
I swiftly twist the body to the side and then hear a set of squeaks of metal pain from the chair while staring with a goofy smile at Argus. He swiftly twists a body sideways also to face Aneathea with a grin, slowly leaning over into her space, moving closer towards her lips.
I swiftly scoot back and away from his lips while tilting the cheap lounge chair sideways in the opposite direction. Then, I tumble backwards from Argus and the chair landing on a back spine in a horizontal roll while falling sideways down the steep hillside, where all the ant homes live. I scream and continue to roll sideways falling down the wet grass and I am not finished. I continue to scream and roll sideways down into each wet cow patty and I am not finished. I continue to scream and roll sideways twirling down the same steep hill and finally hit a pool of fresh water with a rib cage, twirling onto a belly button, plopping down into the water without a face slap. I inhale and then exhale with panic while resting the entire body inside the tiny stream of fresh cold water with a smile.
On top of the hill, Argus leaps off the lounge chair and runs down the steep hillside, landing beside her on both kneecaps in the water with a chuckle. He reaches down and grabs her waistline, standing upright with her in swift motion without a grunt of pain. The moonlight beams onto his smile. “Aneathea, I’m so sorry. I couldn’t grab and catch your arm as you were tumbling off the chair. You’re a swift flying angel,” laughing.”
“Embarrassed,” I drop a chin down into the wet shirt with a puff of embarrassment. My body is the waves of the creek stream on the farm.
Argus releases her arms and rips of the red and white flannel shirt, wrapping it around her shoulders with a smile, reaching out, warming both her arms with a smile. “Naw! Don’t be embarrassed, angel! These two cheap pool chairs ain’t anchored to nothing but the air waves. Are you hurt? Do you have any cuts or scrapes or blood, angel?”
I exhale with embarrassment. “I am unharmed and healthy.”
“You do look healthy in my eyeballs,” he hugs her with a smile.
I back step with a gasp and touch my arms in shock. “I’m dry.”
“I’m heated.” He smiles.
I reach out and touch his naked chest with a gasp. “My clothes and my body are dry, where I had touched you and your chest. You’re hot!”
“Thanks, kindly!” He chuckles with a grin.
“You’re both hot and heated.” I poke all finger pads around his chest muscles and a pair of steel biceps with a gasp of shock.
“Are you embarrassed, now, angel?” He hugs her with a smile.
I lean over with a wink and a smile into his chest. “No, Argus!” He leans over and kisses her lips with a deep sigh of happiness.
Chapter 11


Friday May 19th


Kitchen space location
Breakfast table setting
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine without clouds.
07:07 am


I bounce up and down inside the breakfast table chair inside the kitchen space. The cook spins around from the stove oven and stops, placing a plate of steaming eggs and meat in front of my chest.
Argus sits next to Aneathea with a plate of steaming eggs and meat also, pointing down at the electronic map on the small laptop at new the horse trail for a morning ride with another picnic basket of lunch. “Are you scared of snakes, angel?” He smiles. Aneathea drops the fork with a gasp.
Weena looks up from the plate of food with a sour frown to see Argus. “You ain’t trailing her down that old native American Indian trail into that active rattlesnake nest, Argus. If you disobey me, then I’ll tell your daddy. Then, he’ll whip your bee-hindie. And he still can, young male. Or he’ll let me whip your bee-hindie instead,” laughing.
“I’m only joshing you, Weena.” Argus reaches over and pats the arm of Jan with a smile, turning with a wink to see Aneathea. “Did I get your heart pumping, angel?” She nods with a smile.
“Argus!” The voice of the man stands inside the archway. Aneathea looks up with a gasp to see the male.
Argus stands upright from the chair with a sneer at the male. “Garrison.”
Garrison moves ahead and stops, turning with a smile to see Aneathea, “Aneathea, it is time to go back home for your classes at the local school. You are a bodyguard but a studying bodyguard that attends school on a daily basis. Go and get into the car right now!”
“No!” Argus turns and smiles at Aneathea like she didn’t have to attend the local high school for the day. Anyways, Aneathea does desire to spend the sunny morning, afternoon, and evening with Argus.
“Yes.” Garrison turns and smiles at Argus.
“I say, no, Garrison!” Argus sneers when a set of loud thunder roars against the clear skyline. Aneathea turns with a confused brow to see a cloudless sky of rays of bright sunlight and blue skies through the kitchen glass pane.
“I say, yes, Argus.” Garrison sneers when a set of three claps of thunder ring within the cloudless blue tinted sky.
I continue to stare into the viewing window and then turn with a puzzled brow to see Garrison and then Argus in silence.
“You have my permission to leave, right now, Garrison.” Argus sneers.
I realize that Argus is a human, who is challenging an angel, since Garrison is my monitor in order to test and pass the Opus Sanctorum Angelorum, which is a celestial test that is performed both during day light and night time exposure while living, working, and playing with an individual human for a specific period of time on the planet. Every angel must pass this celestial trial before continuing to the next step which is a pair of angle wing attainment. I continue to sit and listen to the vocal fight between two super inflated egos wondering how a human could posses such an inflated ego. I exhale with disappointment and stare at Garrison. “I will leave as requested by Garrison.”
Argus turns and gasps with worry at Aneathea. “You are invited to stay, Aneathea.” He swings back with a sneer at Garrison. “But Garrison is not invited ever to stay.”
Garrison spins around with a growl and moves ahead towards the kitchen archway. “Aneathea, please, come with me! You are registered as a student in high school and are required by Alabama law to attend school unless you are sick or something.”
“Yes sir!” I stood upright from the chair with a nod and a stern face, moving away from the breakfast table and towards Garrison.
Argus pulls away from the breakfast table and runs around the chair, slamming into the back spine of Aneathea with a gasp, wrapping both arms around her body and whispers into her eardrum. “Aneathea, please stay with me! We won’t go to the snake pit. I promise, since I’ve already visited there before.”
I step forward from his heated body with a stern face. Garrison spins around with a gasp and carefully watches the angle-human interaction between Argus and Aneathea with a pair of narrowed eyelids. I spin around and fake a smile to Argus. “Argus, I’ve had a fun time while visiting here on your farm. Thank you for a wonderful day and evening!”
Garrison gasps in alarm, “Evening? I warned you not to contaminate Aneathea with your…”
“Watch it, Garrison!” Argus smiles at Aneathea.” This is my time here and now.”
Garrison spins around and moves ahead through the archway with a snarl. “It is your time to leave with me, right now, Aneathea. Say bye-bye to Argus!”
I spin around to face the archway exiting out the kitchen, through the other room, bolting out the entrance door onto the front porch and see a black tinted sedan with four doors.
Garrison stands in front of the open driver’s seat and points down in silence at the passenger door. I move ahead and stop, opening the door, sliding down into the seat in silence.
He scoots into the driver’s seat of the chair and slams the door with a smile, cranking the engine, slowly driving the car down the driveway towards the county roadway which leads to the interstate roadway and back to Birmingham. “You did a good job, Aneathea. This is part of your test. You are an angel from Heaven. Angels are tested as well as humans. You see how humans act which includes spoiled rotten billionaire boy Argus. This is typical of all humans, especially male teens. So, I compliment again. You have passed your test, Aneathea, which is getting you closer to her new assignment.”
“Thank you!” I softly whisper and stare ahead down roadway into the glowing colors of red, blue, orange, and then yellow clouds.
“We are traveling back home by angel transport,” he smiles as the car disappears into the weird clouds and off the roadway.


City of Birmingham
St. Marie Preparatory Academy
Study hall location
Heavy rain with yellow bolts of lightning and loud thunder
09:01am


I drop down into the cold steel and smooth wood of the assigned student desk inside study hall gliding a tall stack of school textbooks over the hard surface, where tons of assigned homework rest in distress for solving. I can complete the school homework assignments now or later tonight with the help of Nia. My eyeballs dart across the wide room at a pair of waving hands on Nia. Nia stands upright against a set of undivided windows with a smile and a nod, jerking up the mobile telephone in the air and points the little communication devise which is used by all teens throughout the planet.
The assigned teacher, who presides over the students inside study hall doesn’t mind that the teens text back and forth with next to their study hall neighbor between a set of four walls, since the teacher doesn’t care for the loud voices traveling inside a pair of eardrums as he grades a stack of homework papers in silence.
I nod with a smile in silent acknowledgement, snatching up the backpack, digging down into the darkness for the popular teen mobile telephone, since I am learning and don’t really have a human friend but Argus. I wipe out all mental thought of destroyed fun day with Argus by Garrison this morning and hear the tiny beeps, seeing the first text coming from Nia on the tiny screen of my mobile telephone.


And???? Nia texts on her cell to Aneathea.

Duty responsible obligation!!!! I text back to her and pop the tab of a warm can of beverage for consumption.

Nia texts. Not you!!!  Tim???

She re-texts. *Him???

Very nice  gentleman manners. I text then nosily sip on my warm beverage.

Nia texts. Not horses!!! Argus???

They both are fun and fast. I text with a giggle of my secret fun.

Nia texts. You rides   Tim???

She re-texts. You rode the horse…not him??? LOL!!!

I turn and frown at the nose profile of Nia, swinging back to the mobile telephone screen and text. Behave, Nia!!! I rode Bucky, the horse.  Argus rode Mojo, the horse. The end!!!

Nia texts. Mojo means karma, baby girl. That means something for both of you. Tell me everything from your car ride with Tim!!!

She re-texts. *Him???”

Rain in B-ham. Strange. No rain in Calera. I text and then finish the beverage with a tiny burp.

Nia texts. Nothing is strange for Argus….and???

We raced to the pond on horses. Fun!!! I text and giggle at the event.

Nia texts. I no like horses. Dip to the second part???

She re-texts. *Skip to the second part???

No second part or third part or finale!!! I text and hold all my secret thoughts from Nia with a smirk.

Nia texts. Make me work for the answer, baby girl???

One word at a time until??? I text and giggle as the bell rings for the next academic class.


At 11:33 am, warm temperatures and heavy rain inside the World History classroom, the severe weather alarm sounds throughout each overhead speaker as Principal Bordenman of the school shouts out loud with excitement to each student through the speaker. “There is a tornado warning here at the school. Every student, go and do not rum down into the basement immediately. Stand up from your desk right now. Get moving. No running. No shouting. No crying. Don’t panic. Keep walking down to the basement. We all will be safe.”
The other teens swiftly stand upright from a desk and spin around with a set of mumbles of worry, dashing ahead through the open archway, over the floor and finally climbing down a flight of stairs that leads down into the basement as protection from the violent storm.
I stand upright and turn to face the row of glass windows with three other brave teens as the midnight blue and black clouds swiftly rock and roll against a set of the high winds. The winds beat down onto the trees, the grass, and the window panes while a set of whitish-yellow bolts of dancing lightning race across the dark skyline. Nickel-sized tear drops of rain heavily pound on each window seal, the grass, the low bushes, and all the tall buildings. I don’t see a twirling tornado. Instead, I see an angel and a demon. They are both locked arm-in-arm and battle inside the windy natural elements near the set of tall telephone poles and rows of wiggling cable wires.
The angel and the demon fight over a rooftop when a loud sound of boom cracks the skyline. The rooftop of the building vanishes down into the theater galley of the school. I spin around with a gasp and swiftly exit out the room, dashing down an empty hallway, slamming into the closed open and stop a few feet into the room. An unconscious shallow-breathing Miss V rests on top of the open theater stage. I race towards the fallen body and slide on both kneecaps near her neck reaching out, gingerly touching her neck veins.
“You’re too late, honey.” The voice shouts out loud with a laugh and as a visible upright body of red tint floats inside the upper ceiling corner of the same room.
I swiftly stand upright from the floor and look up with a gasp to see the demon. “The night of the play, you had come here for her also.”
The demon sits down and pretends to swing inside a rocking chair in the ceiling corner with a smile at Aneathea. “Old Bat had suffered a mild stroke but didn’t croak that moment. I got a dish of rotten luck that night!”
I cross by arms with a smile and a nod to the demon. “The appearance of the bright colorful light bulbs blinded of your eyeballs. You ran. I saw you rush, rush away….”
“I did not rush, rush away from a silly light bulb show, babe,” he shakes a red tinted helmet.
“Angel,” I smile.
“You are too late again, because she floats on the wall.”
“Which wall?” I turn and examine each wall.
“All of them.” He snorts with amusement. Aneathea gasps in horror at the layer of yellow tinted angel dust that completely coats each wall, the carpet, and the wooden theater stage floor from a dead warrior angel. He stares with a smile at alive and breathing guardian angel that holds a bright blue tinted circle which is the body of the Soul. “Now, it is time for my prize.”
I turn to face the guardian angel, tossing both arms into the air with a shout out loud of mercy. “Do not give the Soul to him!”
The demon stares with a smile at the guardian angel and then returns back to Aneathea while cocking a skull sideways with curiosity. “What are you looking at, precious?”
“What am I looking at?” I turn and sneer at the demon.
“Me!” He slaps the red tinted armor on the chest.
“I don’t know what you mean, demon.” I frown.
“You’re a very intriguing mystery to me, darling.” The demon stands upright from the rocking chair and floats through the air stopping in the middle of the stage next to the bio-shell of Miss Vinson.
“How am I able to talk with you?” I frown with puzzlement.
“I have a voice.” He removes the helmet revealing a pale tinted face, a head of black ratty hair, and a pair of intense brown eyes with a smile. “I have a body. But, how are you able to see me, sweetheart?”
“I’m a…”
“…not a warrior angel, kitten,” he smiles with a perfect set of white teeth, stomping a pair of red tinted hoof prints on the center stage in yellow angel dust, where only an angel can see.
I smile with a nod, “I am a life angel.”
He laughs. “You are not a baby carrier either. You can’t fool me, cutie,” the demon stops in front of her and surveys the upright body on Aneathea, examining the angel from her toe nails to up to the strawberry-blonde hair roots, jerking off a glove. He swiftly reaches out and grabs her naked forearm, pulling Aneathea towards him, saying with a puzzled brow. “You are something much more.”
I jolt with pain and jerk my arm away from his strong grip, back pedaling in fright, feeling throb with a puzzled brow. “You’re hot!” I look down to see a set of red finger pads on the top of my forearm.
“Thanks, love!” He bows a chin with a smile.
I rub the burnt arm with a puzzled brow. “I mean to clarify that your hand sizzles my flesh.”
“I’m from fire hell, babe. Do you expect me to twinkle and feel like a scoop of strawberry ice cream?” He laughs.
I gasp in fear, where I possess no celestial weapon, since only a warrior angel carries a weapon of mass destruction, because the rest of the angels don’t need a weapon to survive. I turn to see the auditorium and plan a quick escape, back pedaling from the demon, hitting the wall. I feel the drifting angel dust sprinkle down and land on top of the hair roots, the shoulders, the carpet, remembering the small notepad inside the back pocket of my jeans. I slide a hand down and grip a hard edge, pulling it upright and fling it sideways with the target with perfect aim. A set of red and blue sparks flame up from the forehead of the demon floating high into the air.
He beautifully falls backwards onto a back spine and a rear skull and as both his legs and a pair of red tinted boots soar into the air.
“I win.” I raise both of my arms with a shout out victory and then drop my arms, twisting around towards the archway for some non-human help.
He stands upright from the floor and surf-boards ahead on both of his kneecaps on top of an invisible wave, racing parallel with Aneathea with a wicked grin, wiggling a hand and produced a blue tinted sword with a sneer. “I am sorry, love. You lost here, too, girly.”
I swing around to see the glass window and spot a one-hundred-year-old tree trunk on the west wall of a new opening that had been shattered by the rooftop tiles and plot-a-plan to teleport a body safely onto one of the tree branches that overhang into the rooftop. I turn and wink at the guardian angel in the opposite ceiling corner that holds the Soul of Miss V.
Ascend, now, angel. I link, connect, and Tele talk to the guardian angel.
The guardian angel swiftly floats up vertically with the blue tinted heavenly soul of Miss V and then slips away into the protection rim of heaven.
I close the two eyelashes and unsuccessfully teleport a body onto the tree limb. Nothing is happening, since I can’t perform an angel teleportation without proper practice. So, I open the eyelashes and swiftly race across the carpet towards the hole inside the broken wall, where the hanging tree branch decorates the opening. I toss off each shoe behind a back spine for climbing up the tree trunk.
The demon turns with a sneer to see the guardian angel. The angel successfully disappears into the building rafters in silence as the Soul is gone from his grip. His prize has escaped. He spins around with a growl to see the back spine on Aneathea. “Ya little brat, you’re mine to keep and to have now. I’ll drag you behind back down to hell for a good time, honey pie.”
“Only if you catch me, dork!” I leap up from the floor in the air and catch the tree limb, swinging an upright body and then land down on top of the lower tree limb, dropping down and crawl over the rough and wet tree bark on both palms, both kneecaps, and a set of naked toe bones up towards the black skyline while avoiding the hard metal of the rooftop materials. I slowly stand upright on top of the limb and extend both of my arms, wiggling all fingers for the upper tree branch for escaping from the demon.
Inside the theater room, the demon shouts out loud, “Checkmate, baby!” He teleports from the stage floor and then stands upright with a sneer in front of Aneathea, lifting up and rears back a blue tinted flaming sword for the final kill blow down to her angel skull.
“Hey! Red Rover, Red Rover, I’m coming over to see your side, ya nasty red dude,” an invisible body shouts out loud from the opposite direction against the howling winds of the severe thunder storm.
“You!” It is the last word that comes out the parted lips on the demon that suddenly bursts and then evaporates into a set of prettily red and orange flames and then gray ashes.
A visible upright body flies to the left and then to the right through the winds of the rain storm coming down from a black tinted storm cloud with a nasty laugh. “Now, you’re dead, Red Rover!”
I flop down on top of the tree branch and cover the hair roots with both arms feeling the heat of the explosion of the demon, slowly tilting to the side. I recover and try to balance a body on the center of the tree trunk tilting to the opposite side, losing my balance on top of the narrow trunk and twirl down towards the wet ground with an angel shielding, since I don’t know how to shield yet. I brace for upcoming ground impact and stretch out the arm, hitting the ground hard, flipping upright, rolling onto a back spine and close the eyelashes to pain. Then, I pass out into the darkness.
Chapter 12


Saturday, May 20th


Private room setting of Aneathea
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine
08:34 am


Argus holds her arm loose inside his palm and watches her sleep while praying in silence.
Aneathea was lucky to be alive based on her limited talents as a newbie angel.
He releases a full blast of magical heat coming from all finger pads while healing her broken arm, her numerous red cuts, and the blue bruises all over her weakened body which came from the high fall off the tree limb of a one-hundred-year-old tree. The warm healing stirs and disturbs her peaceful slumber blinking her eyelashes, focusing on his smile. “Aneathea,” he leans over with a smile and assists her to sit upright against the head board.
I feel pain shoot out from my middle finger up towards my collar bone and then cringe with a silly grin at Argus.
He sits down and leans into her smile with a worried brow. “How are you feeling, honey? You broke your arm when you fell off that nasty tree. Are you in pain? I brought you a can of cold beer to ease your aches and pain.” He chuckles. “Naw! I brought you a bottle of medication that has been prescribed by my personal healer. Do you want something for the pain?”
I shake my curls with a smile while feeling both heated and hot with him.
“Are you dizzy? Lay back down and relax! Then, you will feel bestest,” he reaches out and tenderly pats the healthy arm as she feels more heat and hot from his body in silence. Do you want something cold or hot to drink?”
I nod with a smile in silence.
He reaches over to the night stand and grabs a bottle of cool water, lifting it up, placing it against her dry lips. She nosily slurps and swallows the water with a smile in silence. He drops down the bottle with a smile from her mouth. “I treated your arm last night with an old family secret. My family secret is prayer.”
I smile with a nod in silence.
He smiles. “Do you feel any discomfort?” She frowns in silence. He grins with a nod. “I would guess that your nerve endings are tingling coming from the arm injury and my treatment. It is an old family secret remedy for treating a broken arm. So, let’s try moving your arm,” he reached down and removes the bandages from her arm with a smile. “Okay! Gimme a punch right into my palm!” He lifts up and holds an upright palm in the air with a nod.
I lift up and punch a fist down into his upright palm while feeling no pain. Then, I punch out with a medium strength while feeling no pain. I punch with a hardy throw with no pain with a grin of happiness.
He nods with a grin. “You possess good strength in that arm, Aneathea. Do you remember falling off the tree limb?” She looks down with a puzzled brow to see the healed arm. He frowns at her red colored hair roots. “Why were you perched on top of a tree limb during a nasty tornado, honey? You fell down from that tree and landed on the ground which was about thirty-five feet of empty space down towards the grass. I couldn’t catch you in time. Why were you inside the theatre playhouse, Aneathea?” He exhales with a puzzled brow at her hair roots
I look up with a puff of worry and exhale with most of the truth with a puzzled brow. “Well, I heard lots of loud and soft sounds and loud and soft noises coming from the fierce winds. I heard the tree slam down into the building rooftop which sounded like a big bomb noise. Then, I saw the tree trunk on top of the school rooftop and headed down towards the basement with the other kids. Then, I heard the fierce winds. Then I saw the broken tree. Then, I saw Miss V.”
Argus exhales. “Miss V is dead. Who was chasing after you on top of that sloped tree trunk, Aneathea?” She shrugs a collar bone in silence. He stands upright from the chair with a puzzled brow and spins around, exiting her room. “Alright! I guess. I will see you later, Aneathea!”
“Later, Argus!” I smile at his back spine.
Thirty seconds later, a skull with a set of blondish-brown eyebrows peaks around the bedroom door frame and as Nis enters into the room and sits down on the top of the bed comforter with a smile at Aneathea. “Baby girl, are you okay? Heard tell! You got hit by a big tree limb when you were trying to save the life of Miss V. I must say that you did a very bad job. Miss V is dead from the storm clouds of tornados and rain and lightning bolts. Everyone knows that. Garrison, Blade, and Quanta, the rest of our gang, but teen Argus, of course…”
“Argus knows. He told me that he knows about the death of Miss V. Well, I guess he heard the bad news from some of the other kids or from you.” Nia shakes the curls in silence. I exhale. “Well, he knows. Is this bad?” Nia shakes the curls in silence. I exhale. “Argus saw me fall off that tree and land down onto the wet grass.” Nia frowns with puzzlement in silence. I exhale. “Well, I guess he heard that that I fall off that tree. How could he see me fall down from the tree? He couldn’t see me fall down from a tree when he was at the farm house in Calera.” I exhale. “Well, I did fall off that tree. Argus was here questioning me about the tree and Miss V. Does heaven know about my fall from the tree in the storm? Am I going back up into heaven for this screw up? I hope not. At least, my arm is fixed.” I lift up with a smile and wiggle the broken limb in the air at Nia.
She smiles. “No! It’s cool with the big bros and sissies u there in heaven. So you get to stay here with me and Garrison and Blade and Quanta as long as you want to, angel.” She looks at the wiggling broken arm of Aneathea with a puzzled brow. “Your arm is fixed. Fixed, that southern expression is funny. Do you mean to say that you have healed your own broken arm? Hmm! That is a magnificent feat for you in the lowest stage of an infant angel development.”
I smile. “I didn’t heal on my person. Can I do that?” Nia shakes the curls. I gasp. “O. I’m healed, not injured anymore. Argus told me that he healed me using a prayer. Can he really do that? I’m not really surprised, if he can do that. The power is prayer is powerful and I would know. But I remember something really weird, also. My arm healed with sizzling hot temperature like heat…”
“Heat! Did you really feel hot heat and heated heat? Are you being truthful to me that you felt heated hotness on your broken arm?”
“Yes.”
She frowns. “Hmm! I shouldn’t tell you this. I’m not supposed to tell you this. I feel that I got to tell you this, angel.”
“Tell me what!”
“I read that poem called Paradise Lost that you referenced with Quanta about a set of fallen angels. The fallen angels all live here on the planet while waiting for their chance to redeem Earth, heaven, and the humans, where you and I continue to take care of all the humans, which is our heavenly job.” Aneathea nods with a smile in silence. Nia exhales. “Do you really know the true difference between a fallen angel and a heavenly angel?”
I nod in silence with a smile.
She exhales. “Do you know the true difference between an angel and a demon?”
I nod in silence.
She exhales. “A demon flies in pair of red tinted wings. An angel favors a pair of black wings. Do you know that, angel?” 
I nod in silence.
She exhales. “There is another very important difference between an angel and a demon,” she exhales with a nod. “You should know now, because you have seen a demon up close and personally.”
I gasp with the fib. “No.”
“Yes.”
“No.”
“Yes.”
I frown with my secret fib. “No! I have not seen a demon up close or talked with one, Nia. Your mind game is silly.”
“Yes, you have seen a demon up close and talked with one, Aneathea. You make a very good point, because you have seen, walked, and talked with a demon up close and personally.” Nia nods with a stern face, “Argus!”
“Argus?” I gasp in puzzlement.
She nods with a stern face. “He is really a demon. A demon can heal your body and their body. A demon uses heat to heal a broken or busted body part. Heat is a known element for healing any type of biological form where it comes directly from the sunshine within the sky. That is their famous celestial trademark. You know, hell and the hot weather conditions down there is forever,” she looks down at the healed arm on Aneathea with a worried brow.
I rub my healed injury by Argus with his heat.
She exhales. “You don’t believe me. You are here as my buddy within the preceptor-ship program. You trust me and I trust you. Or does this demon have more the advantage over me?” She extends the palm towards Aneathea with a stern face. “Touch it!”
I look down at the pale hand of Nia.
She frowns. “Touch it, now, Aneathea.”
I reach out and extend a trembling finger towards the hand of Nia, barely tapping the knuckle on her hand, immediately feeling cold such like an ice cube from the refrigerator freezer. I gasp, “I feel cold. Your hand is cold feeling to me.” I withdraw the hand and cuddle the limb into a chest with a puzzled brow.
“A demon is the opposite feeling and degrees of us. You are opposite of a demon, Aneathea.” Nia nods with a stern face.
“Do you expect to feel a dish of cold ice cream?” I whisper for my eardrums only. Inside the theater room, the demon had grabbed my arm, where I had sensed panic, worry, scary, sad, and hurt, all at the same time. I gasp with fear. “Argus is a demon. So, I’m supposed to. What do I do here, Nia?” I toss off the bed covers with a confused brow. “I know. I desire to leave from here. I wanna go back home up to heaven, Nia.” I swing to the side and stand upright from the bed mattress with a worried brow. I can’t transport my earthly bio-shell back up into heaven without some type of divine assistance, because I don’t own a pair of angel wings and I’m present here on the earth soil for wing attainment. But I might fail and then I will become a demon.
Nia stands upright from the bed covers and reaches out, touching the collar bone on Aneathea with a pair of cold fingers with a smile. “You and I are here to watch Argus with the aid of Garrison and Quanta and Blade. This is your test.” She releases the collar bone on Aneathea and back steps from the bed frame with a worried brow, cupping her pair of cold hands behind a back spine, moving ahead and stops, staring out the bedroom window with a stern face. “You failed as a life angel, when you crashed that puffy cloud right down into the earth soil. Do you remembering do that maneuver, angel?” She stares through the window with a chuckle. “Good thing that you are truly blessed, Aneathea! When flying on top of that fluffy carpet, you were bringing that tiny little baby to the mother. Which is a piece of cake, when it is compared to this assignment, huh, baby girl? You and I are a team. As a dream team of supernatural beings, we watch and wait for him,” she spins around with a smile and nods to Aneathea, moving ahead and exits the bedroom, slamming the door shut with a loud boom.

At 12:02 pm, in the cold temperatures, with bright sunshine, the bedroom door slams open with a loud bang as the tray rattles between the two hands of Argus. He moves ahead with a goofy smirk and stops, leaning down, presenting the food. “I brought you a hot plate of good food. Are you feeling hunger for food, honey?”
I continue to sit upright inside the bed and watch for any more demon tricks.
He sits on the edge of the bed mattress with a grin and reaches down, grabbing up, lifting the hot beverage towards her smile. “Are you thirsty for some liquid?”
I reach and grab the hot cup of chocolate milk while accidentally touching his hand, feeling the hot sizzling heat. My mind flashes backward to the creek stream on his farm in the cow pasture when he instantly dried all my wet clothes. I reach over and sit the cup on the side nightstand with a fake smile in silence. Both of his hands touch and surround my hands with heat.
He frowns with worry. “You’re shaking from the cold. Is there too much air conditioning coldness inside the house? Garrison likes it cold. I’m sorry, honey. Ah, little angel! Let me warm both your hands!”
I do believe Nia now, as Nia tells me the truth. I shake with fear and fright, including a deep desire to rush, rush away from the nasty demon.
“And your warm your heart, too!” He slowly leans down into her face with a goofy grin as the touch of his hands becomes hotter with heat and then his fingers sizzles the tips of her sensitive fingers. The heat sensation shifts upwards towards her elbow and finally her collar bone with unnatural fiery warmth.
I shift sideways towards the opposite side of the bed and jerk both hands from the heat, standing upright from the bed mattress with a fake smile. “It is the excitement, the excitement of yesterday, this morning, and now. I am sorry. I don’t seem to be very hungry. I just wanna rest. And I have school homework assignment to busy me with the afternoon as well, since you know…” I exhale. “Nia can bring my supper this evening, so I do not have to bother you, again, Thanks so much for everything, Argus.” I shuffle backwards towards the window and far away from him.
Argus wickedly smirks. “Nia is gone along with Garrison and others, too. I have terminated their employment with me, since I don’t really require the need for personal body guards to guard my body. They have served their duties. You don’t work for Garrison anymore, Aneathea. You can work with me here and stay in school, study your academic lessons. We can go to college together, if you like that idea. How’s that sound, honey?” She nods in silence. He grins. “This is my invitation to you, not a request or an order.” He stands upright from the bed mattress with a smile and leans over, dropping a devise next to the cup of hot chocolate on top of the nightstand with a wink at her. “I’m around here all day. Okay? Just tap on the buzzer! I’ll come very quickly to your aid.” Argus back steps with a smile from her and stops inside the hallway with a nod. The door gently shut.
I spin around and race to the bedroom window looking down below at the paved street, the line of trees, the row of tall mountains and plot-a-plan to escape since learning of the bad news that Nia is gone with the wind as the Southerns like to quote into your face. However, Nia is part of the preceptor team, who is waiting and watching somewhere close to the manor, maybe she is hiding inside the woodlands, sitting on a log stump, or standing down on the sidewalk of the city street for Aneathea to escape and then find her.
I close the eyelashes and mentally think to perform an angel teleportation, feeling nothing but numb and dumb. I open the eyelashes, since the teleportation skill isn’t a working angel talent for my body. I scan the mechanic details of the expensive window frame, the pane, and the glass concluding that it has good body construction of wood inlays, sliding the glass up as the window guides open without any sound. Then, I crawl over the window seal and fall down onto the clay dirt as a pair of sandaled feet fly out from the window and land on top of the brick surface. I perform a forward flip with a slight ting of violent pain echoing up a spinal cord as I ignore that aching sensation and concentrate on the fleeing sensation. I stand upright and dash ahead, slipping over the lip of the patio balcony, sliding a body down the rough rocks, the soft dirt clay, and the hard bugs towards the paved roadside, dashing ahead into the dark forest and skip along a single hiking trail that is used the humans for jogging, moving through the deep forests towards the guts of the city while scouting for Nia, Garrison, and Quanta.

At 05:32 pm with a sunset of pinks, greens, blues, yellows, without clouds, outdoors beside the swimming pool, at the residential home of Archie and Argues Michaels, three non-men wear a set of black battle armor on top of the arms, a torso chest, and a pair of legs which is coupled with a pair of midnight glossy black wings that is edged in a thick solid band of shimmery silver. The wing span is twenty-six feet in height during a fight or a flight. Saint Michael, Saint Gabriel, and the son of Saint Michael Argus forms a semi-circle near the swimming pool while discussing the delicate dangerous situation.
Argus exhales with worry at his angel-dad Saint Michael. “I lost Aneathea.”
Michael shakes his blonde-haired skull with a stern face. “Aneathea is missing.”
Tall, black haired, blue eyed arch angel Gabriel crosses a pair of bulky naked biceps over a naked chest without the battle armor, since he doesn’t like the black long-sleeved sissy shirt and does like to break all the rules with a sneer. “Michael, I will state again from my point of view on this particular sensitive subject matter. We aren’t supposed to be…”
Michael turns and growls at the nose profile of Gabriel. “Your point of view is not valued here, only your naked muscles, Gabriel.” He reaches down and jerks the mobile telephone off the battle vest while cursing, dialing the digits on the familiar telephone and holds the phone at his cheekbone and eardrum. He waits for the connection and then softly whispers a few sentences of secret words for two seconds.
Tall, silver-haired, swirling gray-eyed, Azrael is head of all the death angels immediately materializes in a solid human form appearing in a set of midnight black swirling floor-length robes while exposing a solid colored glittery and shiny diamond silver tinted angel wings with a twenty nine-foot wing span. He meets, greets, and smiles with ease while facing the angel-brother. “Did your ring, Michael?” Michael does not smile. He turns and smiles at the other angel-brother. “You tell me, Gabriel.” Gabriel grunts with a sneer. Azrael turns and smiles at the younger angel. “You tell me, Argus.”
Argus turns and exhales with worry to Michael. Michael nods in silence. Then Argus turns and exhales with worry to Gabriel. Gabriel nods in silence. Then, Argus turns and exhales with worry to Azrael. “She’s missing.”
“Aneathea is missing.” Azrael picks up the subtle, if not encrypted translation very quickly with a soft curse underneath the breath and as he drops a chin into the chest and wiggles two fingers in the air producing a glass circle that cover the patio table, staring down at the numerous colored dots. “I am tracking her.”
Argus struts ahead towards the glass monitor and stops at edge of the patio table, pointing down at one of the active dots with a worried brow. “You can’t track her here on the planet. She is a free spirit. Did you remember that one?”
Azrael sneers down at the glass and the young angel graceling. “I recall that fact with accuracy, boy-angel of Saint Michael. I have other methods for surveillance at my disposal…”
“Father,” Argus looks up with a worried brow to see Michael. “I have a gang of friends within this ream, who are all available to me. If we don’t act quickly, before the gang of demons…”
“Pink is for a girl.” Azrael points down at a blinking ping with a smirk. “Aneathea is right now located at Eleventh Avenue which intersects at the Twenty-second Street corner which is near the geographical area that is called Brother Bryan Park. One of my people is flying down for a pickup and has located and identified her. At this very moment, Aneathea dashes towards an abandoned warehouse at the street corner, banging the metal lock with a palm-sized rock using her physical strength. The metal latch has broken apart and the door cracks slight open. She…”
“She’s gone.” Argus growls down at the glass portal and then up to see Azrael.
“Garrison found her first.” Gabriel knows way too much as he slams a fist against the table surface, breaking the table surface.
Azrael wiggles a finger and captures the falling glass portal with a sneer at his angel-brother, holding in the air. He reaches over and jerks the mobile telephone out from the robes with a set of soft words, extending a hand to Argus with a smile. “You’re welcome, Michael! And I expect a middle seat on the first pew at your church wedding to Aneathea, Argus.” Argus nods in silence acknowledgement and reaches out, shaking the hand for both thanks and honor, watching Azrael disappear into nothingness.
“Flash to the park right now! Ready for war with the demons, boys!” Michael disappears with a smirk first as a couple of his black and silver feathers gently floats down towards the patio brick and then dissolves into a pile of yellow tinted angel dust.


City of Birmingham
Warehouse location
Interior room setting
06:02 pm


I tiptoe in the dark room and pant for fear moving ahead and brush the red dirt and wet sweat from a face and the clothes while hearing a set of clapping and then a familiar voice.
“Come out! Come out! Where ever you are?” The familiar voice with the familiar face shouts out loud within the darkness that covers a concrete floor, a set of four concrete walls, and three metal shelves. The warehouse had been used as an automobile parts store before the USA economy had tanked with pookie on the human business owners, who moved away from metro city Birmingham.
I slowly move ahead with puzzlement into the bright light bulbs that come down from numerous rows of ceiling overhead lights which illuminate the floor, seeing the other entities.
Blade sits on top of a battered rose-colored sofa with a set of bare feet n the air without the use of a foot stool. Nia lounges in one of the vile worded shirts, a pair of black jeans, and tons of rattling chains that sound like a ghost inside an oversized ratty brown leather chair. Garrison and Quanta regally sit in a pair of designer clothes at a broken and battered conference table with a pair of orange tinted drinks.
“Baby girl, come and join the fun!” Nia waves a hand with a smile.
Garrison motions with a hand and a smile. “Welcome to your party!” Aneathea stops and turns, scanning an empty and abandoned warehouse that lacks any dull or pretty decorations of balloons and a vanilla frosted cake for a party with a puzzled brow.
“This is your party. Come and sit here, dear!” Quanta reaches out and touches an empty chair with a smile.
Blade lifts up and holds out a beer mug in the air with a smile. “You’re special, Aneathea. Cheers to you and me!” He downs the golden liquid with loud burp.
“You’re not really special, Aneathea. Blade likes to lie. It is his nature.” Garrison finishes the orange drink with a smile.
“I am an angel, not a human.” I frown with confusion at the familiar angels.
Nia cocks a chin with a smile. “Think about that statement, baby girl! You are an angel without a pair of wings, who cannot sanitize, who cannot fly, who cannot heal, who cannot zap, who…”
“I can zap from place A to place B.” I smile with a nod.
“Geez! She’s dumb but pretty.” Blade slurps down a second mug of cold beer and swallows with another loud burp.
Nia waves a hand into the air with a grin. “Yeah! You can zap with a little boost of someone one’s angel magic, baby girl. Your room is right next door to me and I am right next door to the pool. So, good news here! I did it for you.”
I frown with confusion. “Why would you need to give me a boost of your angel magic? I have my own source of angel magic.”
A deep voice shouts out loud inside the archway coming from the back spine of Aneathea, “Because, they are a nest of nasty demons, not a flock of lovely angels.” Aneathea spins around with a gasp to see the teen. Argus is dressed in a set of black shiny armor that goes across the chest, both arms, and both legs. He stands in the middle of two other black clad warrior angels, where a pair of huge angel wings is edged in shimmery silver of glossy feathers with a smile and extends a free hand to the angels. “I will provide a short introduction. This is my father Michael and my uncle Gabriel.” Michael and Gabriel nod with a smirk in silence to Aneathea.
“You are the son of arch-angel Michael, who lives in heaven.” I shout out loud in confusion.
“You are too late as always, Michael. Aneathea is with us now.” Nia slowly stands upright from the chair and waves both arms in the air with an evil laugh as her numerous neck chains rattle around the neck.
I turn with a gasp. a row of demon a red tinted battle armor with a four-foot-long golden raptor in one hand with a pair of twenty-three-foot demon wings in matching red tinted feathers which is outlined in a thick single band of glittery gold.
“It is never too late, Nia. Aneathea, come this way and walk back to me. They will not harm you. I will not allow it.” Argus reaches out with a smile and extends a palm with a nod to Aneathea as the other hand holds a four feet long silver tinted sword.
I gasp in shock. “A line of red tinted demons is here.” Then, I turn to see Argus. “A line of black tinted angels is there.”
“She’s smart and clever this one.” Blade whips raptor against the breeze inside the warehouse while striking nothing but the air.
“Free spirit comes to mine.” Nia wiggles a body and jiggles the hips along with all the gold and silver chains of jewelry that cover her body with a laugh.
“She is owned by no one but wanted by everyone.” Garrison lifts up a glass of orange tinted beverage with a smile in one hand as the other hand whips a raptor over his hair roots.
“I don’t understand.” I turn with a gasp and narrow the eyelashes at Garrison.
“However, she does have her moments thou.” Blade continues to whip the raptor in the air waves with a laugh.
“That is part of innocence!” Argus continues to extend the palm with a smile.
Garrison grins. “Michael, let her choose.”
“No, Father!” Argus turns and sneers at Garrison, dropping the free hand, lifting the sword at the nose bridge of Garrison.
Michael smiles. “Aneathea, Nia is correct. You do not possess any angel powers. You are an Adiabel.”
“Pardon me! I think you need to spell out that word to me,” I turn with a gasp to see Michael after hearing the sound of the funny word which isn’t part of my Angeldom lectures.
Garrison smiles at the line of angels and the rear skull of Aneathea. “What do nuns, maidens, and volcanoes have in common that comes from the world history classroom lectures, Aneathea?”
I turn with a confused brow to see Garrison. “Each one is an object of sacrifice.”
Blade continues to whip the raptor around the air with a grin. “You’re getting warm, Adiabel.”
“Which subject is the most sacrificed object coming from the world history classroom lectures, Aneathea?” Garrison grins.
“The most sacrificed object in the world is a female.” I frown with confusion.
Blade continues to whip the raptor around the air with a smirk. “You’re getting hotter, Adiabel.”
“Is there any particular type of from the female species, Aneathea?” Garrison grins.
“I would say that it is a young girl.” I frown with puzzlement at Garrison.
“You’re flaming heat, right now, Adiabel.” Blade continues to whip the raptor through the air with a chuckle.
“What attributes does a young girl possess that would make her a perfect sacrifice to the world, Aneathea?” Garrison smiles with a nod.
“A young girl would possess youth which makes her an innocent virgin for any type of sacrifice based on the world history textbooks.” I frown with puzzlement.
“You’re sizzling hot, right now, Adiabel.” Blade whips a pair of two raptors through the air with a chuckle.
“I’m a virgin.” I whisper for my eardrums only while forgetting that I am standing in the company of supernatural beings with supernatural body parts like acute hearing.
“Touch down!” Blade raises both arms with two raptors into the air with an evil laugh.
I gasp in alarm. “I have never…”
“…been touched by human filth,” Nia smiles.
“Stop toying with the kid! Let’s do this, Garrison!” Blade whips both raptors throughout the air waves with a sneer.
“You need to practice patience here, Blade.” Garrison smiles at the line of angels.
“Your dust carries some awesome powers within your Soul, Aneathea.” Michael smiles at her.
I turn and gasp at Michael. “Because, I’m a virgin.”
“You are birthed on the eighteenth day of the month,” Garrison smiles.
I turn and frown at Garrison. “So what? I was born on the eighteenth day of the month.”
“You have been birthed and died on the eighteenth of the month precisely at the eighteenth hour of night.” Michael smiles with a nod. “Eighteen is the number sign of purity as identified by Him, who lives up in heaven, making you a being of purity which is called an adaible.”
“Okay! That’s pretty special.” I giggle with a grin.
Garrison exhales. “The analogy is similar to a game of chess. When the queen is captured, checkmate wins the game for that person. Whoever possesses you, the entire league wins the battle forever, Adaible.”
I turn and sneer at Garrison. “No, Demon! You have erred. I see the skyline fighting. I see all the angels, who are losing. I can’t hear the battle sounds, but the angels are losing, not winning. You’re wrong. You’re lying to me, demon.”
Michael nods with a smile. “Very good, Adiabel! Demon Garrison purposefully has left some vitally important information out of his selected explanation as usual. As long as you exist, there will be a war between all the angels and all the demons. The side which captures your Soul will encase your physical bio-shell, so to speak, and then gets a really long winning streak like my favorite university football team here in the great state of Alabama…”
“No!” I turn and gasp at the line of angels. “It can’t be.  I don’t believe you, arch-angel.”
“Yes, honeybee!” Nia laughs with a grin.
Blade materializes a jeweled golden dagger in the air and then spins the sharp shiny blade horizontally for fear, flying it four inches from my deep jugular vein that connects to my swan neckline. I do not move, sweat, work but stare studiously at twirling weapon.
“You cannot kill her.” Garrison turns and frowns at his buddy demon Blade.
“No one can kill you, Adiabel.” Michael smiles.
“Or no one can harm you. It is forbidden by the Maker.” Garrison smiles.
“She has to sacrifice by herself.” Nia nods with a grin and rattles all the gold and silver chains on her body with a laugh.
I stare at the spinning dagger.
Garrison smiles. “Then, you will implode and spray an array of beautifully sprinkles of thick pink dust bunnies in the air and all over my demon armies.”
“Angel Dust.” I whisper at the twirling weapon which is only four inches from my throat.
“The consensus is mixed. I’m afraid.” Garrison grins. “Some of the demons want you dead. Some of them want you alive.”
“What do you want, Garrison?” I stare at the spinning dagger.
“Alas! The match point will be determined here in this room for me.” Garrison smiles.
Gabriel exhales with a stern face. “You must sacrifice yourself for all the angels to win, Adiabel.”
“No!” Argus turns and shouts at the nose profile of Gabriel, swinging a worried brow to see Aneathea. “No, Aneathea! Toss that mental thought out of your mind right now! I’ll fight for you for the rest of eternity, if I must.” He draws the sword up and even with a jaw line, pointing the weapon at the nose bridge of Garrison while signaling an upcoming fight with the demons.
“Those are a set of brave and foolish words, Argus.” Garrison sneers at Argus.
“We’re keeping her. Then, we win everything for the rest of eternal, angel scum.” Nia whips the raptor and points the tip at Argus with a snarl.
“I will fight the entire nasty nest of red colored demons for the freedom of Aneathea.” Argus dances side to side with fury of the fight.
“Then, you will lose your life, my young angel non-friend Argus.” Garrison smiles.
“Never!” Argus smirks.
“He’s an arrogant, kid. Let me whip his ass for you, Garrison!” Blade materializes a pair of claw-like golden raptors in both open palms, twirling them in the air with a sneer.
Michael exhales. “Aneathea, please listen to me! A flock of good beings will always fight against a nest of evil ones, anywhere, anyhow, and anyway.”
“My father is right, Aneathea. Please come and walk to me. I will protect you, honey.” Argus extends an empty palm for a second time to Aneathea.
I turn and frown at Garrison. “Why do some of the demons want me alive, Garrison?”
“You are alive, so the demons fight over each Soul. You are dead, so the angels win over each Soul.” Garrison smiles.
I turn and smile at Argus. He glows with worry and love for Aneathea. I have longed for a touch of deep love and have experienced many touches of happiness within the past three days here on the planet with Argus while learning that he is the biological child of Archangel Michael. I am a lucky girl. And I deeply understand all the way down to my toe bones. Every angel fights against a demon over a lost Soul forever, when the words of Nia echo into my mind: This is my test of victory or defeat.
I turn with a smile and face the line of demons swiftly reaching out and touch, jerking the tip of the dagger into a beating heart as an earthly bio-shell. I stumble backwards from the violent thrust, the mental shock, and the physical impact of tip of the dagger. Then, the pretty dagger disappears within my palm and inside my heart organ. I feel no searing pain, only sweet peace.
“No!” Argus shouts out loud and drops the swords down to the floor, running ahead, catching Aneathea in mid-air and drops down onto the floor while hugging her into a chest with a sad face.
I look up with a smile of love to see his sad face. “I love you, Argus.” I grin with the final moment happiness of true love.
“It is time to sleep, my precious angel.” Argus leans down and tenderly kisses her forehead, pulling back with a smile to see her closed eyelashes. The row of four demons vanishes out from the floor of the warehouse. Michael, Gabriel, and Azrael slowly move ahead and kneel beside Argus. When the adaible implores beautifully into a thick patch of pink dust that sprays the ceiling, the floor, the walls, the shelves, and the warrior angels with a flood of glittering pink tinted powder.
“We won.” Gabriel exhales with a stern face and reaches out, assisting Argus to stand upright and into his chest while staring down at the tiny droplets of pretty pink dust which slowly evaporate into nothingness. Then he and Argus vanish off the planet and back up into heaven.
“Good always triumphs over evil, my brother.” Michael stares down with a smile at the pretty pink angel dust and then vanishes last off the planet, after Azrael.
Chapter 13


Cast of Characters:


Angel adults:

Mr. Seymore, father of Jan and Chase, angel parent
Mrs. Seymore, mother of Jan and Chase, angel parent

Teen angels:

Chase, teen student, angel-in-training, Jan's brother
Jam/Jan, teen student, angel-in-training, Chase's sister

Human teens:

Edgar, teen student
Ginger, teen student, Jam’s best friend
Paisley, teen student, Jam’s not friend


Story location:


The suburb of Vestavia Hills contains 34,033 individuals living in a residential house either in-between the mountain peak of 951 feet above sea level or tucked into a hilltop on the semi-curvy landscape that lies on the southern crest of Shades Mountain. From the main roadway, the city's famous landmark displays the circular gazebo, which is called the Temple of Sibyl, which had been named after the domed gazebo in the city of Tivoli and patterned after the Temple of Vesta in the city of Rome within the country of Italy.
The gazebo had been constructed in the year 1925. The structure is comprised of dark pink sandstone wall and is encircled with twenty white tinted Doric columns that is surrounded by flower gardens and flocks of live peacocks.
The city was incorporated on November 8th, 1950 with 8,300 people. The geographical city encompasses 19.40 square miles of land with less than one percent fresh water streams. The suburb offers businesses, schools, and numerous community sports and fitness centers supporting baseball, basketball, soccer, football, tennis, and swimming programs for both adults and youths.


Story plot:


Jan is currently seventeen years old and continues to very slowly count off each millisecond, second, minute, hour, moonlight night and sunlight day, before she become eighteen years old and then receives her full angel skills.
Chapter 14


The next day....

Tuesday, May 21st


Town of Vestavia Hills
05:06:58 am
82° Fahrenheit and bright sunlight

Seymore house location
Breakfast table setting


Angel-in-waiting Jan is 17 years, 7 months, 6 days, 16 hours, 42 minutes, 9 seconds, 10,000 milliseconds, and counting forwards.
At the dining room table, on the side panel, seventeen years old, petite, red haired, blue-eyed high school female student, Paisley gobbles down the homemade meal of chicken and cornbread dressing with both her fork and spoon using some type of newly uncovered Southern manners, cleaning her personal platter for the third time.
Paisley is Jan's next store neighbor. Her parents work late or drive out of town for a business meeting.
Jan's mother knows this is happening with her angel telepathy and kindly invites seventeen years old Paisley to dine with her family unit.
Paisley and Jan are not best or good or real friends, only two acquaintances of school pals remotely. Remotely is the strong word here.
From Paisley's private bedroom window into Jan's private bedroom window during the yesteryears as a pair of kids, they had waved out an S.O.S. signal using their small fingers at each other through the dirty glass pane. This silly elementary exhibition was a far reaching extent of Jan's human friendliness duty to another human that she had not really liked but sorta meet one of her numerous angel tests within her Opus Sanctorum Angelorum.
Paisley really likes Chase and greatly desires to date, marry, and mate with him, which is not humanly possible, since Chase is a heavenly angel. But Paisley and her human world doesn’t need to know that secret heavenly fact.
In the dining room, on the opposite side on the dining room table, Jan sits with her best high school friend Ginger and continues to eat the food plate while smiling at Paisley and her ill-breed table manners.
Chase had vanished from the house and arrived there in heaven 16 weeks, one day, 15 hours, 5 seconds, and 6,000 milliseconds ago for his angel purpose as one of the newest life angels for a tiny baby soul that to Earth.
Jan still has not received her angel wings and still does not know when her angel wings are coming, but she is clear on her angel purpose, but not the specific detail, of course, until she visits up there in heavenly office.
She will not get the calling for her angel purpose until she turns eighteen years old, which is an angel adulthood there in heaven. Then Jan will receive her angel wings and finally discover her true angel purpose and do a better job than her angel brother Chase. She picks at her food and softly giggles with her hidden secret and her girly human excitement.
Paisley has started to hang around Jan's dinner table from each bold and annoying vocal invitation from Jan's mother while hoping to catch and chat with Chase, since Jan's parents do not have the human or angel courage to tell the human girl to take a hike or tell the truth of the angel situation as Chase is gone with the wings.
In the dining room chair, Jan continues to pick at her food plate and softly sniggers with her angel mental thoughts while continuing to observe Paisley and the teen's terrible open mouth chewing habits.
Chase had successfully fulfilled his angel purpose, since the shared information had been delivered by his father to his wife and his daughter, right after Chase had faded from the floor which was sixteen weeks ago. He had left his angel family forever and will never return back to see or visit with his angel family as a full-time guardian angel with his life time angel duty with his assigned human ward.
Jan is more than willing to tattle that information with Paisley, if Jan's parents would allow it.
Paisley slurps the beverage and drops the glass tumbler, presenting drooling liquid on her lips, “This is excellent cornbread dressing, Mrs. S,” Paisley continues to sit and spit out her words and her chewed food particles from her parted food-stained lips.
On the opposite side of the dining room table, Ginger sits beside her best friend Jan and softly giggles at silly Paisley, pushing up the plastic rims on her red colored eye glasses that protrudes down her slender nose, after chewing down the same cornbread dressing. Ginger lives in the next neighborhood subdivision which is six streets over from Jan's house and has been Jan's friend, since their shared pre-kindergarten class at the age four years old children.
Ginger is a beautiful teenager and measures five feet and four inches tall with slender strong bones and perfect hair that swishes in blonde hue down to her waistline. She possesses a pretty face and a perfect figure of fat, muscles, and molecules all in the right places, except for her pair of eye glasses covering a pair of violet eyeballs. Ginger exhibits near-sighted eye vision which requires a pair of prescription eye glasses or a set of eye contacts meaning that she sees close-up objects but not far away items.
However, heavenly assistance is on the way for Ginger.
On the day of her eighteenth year as a human female which magically and finally morphs into a female angel, Jan will receive a heavenly angel magical gift as a new full-fledged angle. I have decided to fix Ginger’s eyesight for her and best news is that she won’t feel any pain, since she won’t know who, how, or what on her biological human body part. This is part of the angel magic which is called a miracle. A divine miracle occurs all the time for numerous humans which is a compliment from a new angel entity without witness and fanfare and sometimes without a simple appreciation mental thought.
At the dining room table, Jan's mother appears from the kitchen, not the thin air, standing over the brown tinted hair roots on teen high schooler Paisley and smiles. “I’m glad you approve, Paisley.”
In her chair, Paisley gasps in shock after hearing the voice without the body and releases her empty glass tumbler of tea remnants as the tumbler falls down towards the floor. Jan's mom reaches out and grabs the sweaty glass using her angel telekinesis talent, before a messy disaster and then looks up seeing the glowing angel figure with shock.
The angel figure wears a pair of cheap plastic framed black tinted sunglasses and slowly advancing from the hallway and then stops, standing inside the open archway.
“Chase!” Jan looks up from her food plate and shouts out loud, recognizing the tall figure.
“Mom.” Chase meekly voices at her face without facial expression underneath the black tinted sunglasses, wearing a tight fitting dark purple vest, a white tinted short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of white tinted trousers, and a set of white colored hiking boots.
Paisley gasps in shock and then smiles, swiftly scooting out from her chair, sliding sideways away from the table edge and rushes ahead towards Chase. She collides into tall Chase and wraps both of her arms around his fit waistline, shouting out loud with excitement. “Chase, darling! There are you! You are finally here. Where have you been hiding out? Have you been snow skiing in the month of May without me? I like your snow suit,” she reaches out and gently slaps his arm giggling with teenly love. “Shame on you!” She gently caresses down his chest with puzzlement. “Your skin is so cold. What’s wrong, darling? Are you sick? Don’t worry! I’ll come over every day after my school session and bring you some of my grandma’s special chicken noodle soup. That'll heat your cold body right up, quickly,” she winks at the sunglasses. “And I guarantee to cure everything on you also. That’s what my grandma also says to me.” She turns and smiles at Jan, “This is so exciting for me.” She returns back and winks at the sunglasses again. “You’re finally visiting home, since you had left me really quickly without saying goodbye, Chase. Shame on you for leaving me behind, sweetheart! I have worried about us you, Chase,” She giggles and bounces up and down with excitement and teenly love.
Chase is an angel and possesses an array of deep emotions of compassion, caring, and concern for each human on the Planet Earth. He senses her intense feelings for his persona as a future human boyfriend which will never happen.
Those deep emotional intense angel feelings emerge around the sixteen human years of age along with their parallel human biological hormones within the human biological body that kicks in especially for security and protection of reckless teens, active toddlers, innocent infants, and careless elder adults making Planet Earth, the Milky Way Galaxy, and the entire Cosmos a richer, brighter, and closer function with his angel purpose. Along with all of those human emotions come the angelic biological hormones and biological hard muscles on a shimmery angel skin tone which means no more facial pimples, bad breath and sweaty B.O.
At the table, Jan continues to sit and softly sneers at the annoying couple image.
Paisley gently touches the edge of one of his collar bones and then tenderly glides her hand while caressing the center of his chest, playfully tapping on his shirt with her long fingernails. She stares up at his black tinted sunglasses with teenly love.
She gently caresses down his chest with puzzlement. “Your skin is so cold. What’s wrong, darling? Are you sick? Don’t worry! I’ll come over every day after my school session and bring you some of my grandma’s special chicken noodle soup. That'll heat you up quickly,” she winks at the sunglasses. “And I guarantee to cure everything on you also. That’s what my grandma also says to me.” She turns and smiles at Jan, “This is so exciting for me.” She returns back and winks at the sunglasses again. “You’re finally visiting home, since you had left me really quickly without saying goodbye, Chase. Shame on you for leaving me behind, sweetheart! I have worried about us you, Chase,” She giggles and bounces up and down with excitement and teenly love.
Jan continues to sit at the table and sneers at the annoying scene which is an odd, cute, tender, and precious even romantic lovingly picture of a boyfriend-girlfriend event. She exhales with jealousy and then flicks her two eyelashes at her best friend Ginger.
Ginger turns and winks at Jan while mentally thinking the same concept, a boyfriend-girlfriend scene.
Jan looks back down with a soft sneer and at her half-eaten plate of cold food with her internal churning teenly, girly mental thoughts. She is not allowed to have a male friend or boyfriend or boy anything, not because she is against dating a teen boy. She would like the challenge of dating a teen boy. Numerous eligible seventeen- and eighteen-years old teen males exist within her high school classes, where she could date one or more on a common, safe teen date. She possesses all those deep intense girly human emotions too on top of her hidden angel feelings which is coupled with her nightly high school homework assignments and her daily interaction in a human high school world.
Maybe, Jan should switch and use my deeply intense human girly, teenly emotions for other stuff and should experience compassion, care, and concern with an unknown teen male such like creating a cute couple picture like Chase and Paisley, who look and act darling while acting with their human emotions, not angel compassions.
He whispers, “No. I am not sick. Thanks for asking,” Chase only views his mother and gently shoves Paisley ahead into the room back towards the dining table, stopping beside her chair, pushing Paisley back down into the seat.
Interest, confusion, puzzlement, and befuddlement human emotions fly through the air waves as a set of angel senses from Jan, her mother, and her father capture and then react to the feelings. Each pair of eyeballs continue to stare at Chase.
His mother and father turn and view each other in silence. Then his father turns and fakes a smile in front of the two human guests, “Well, Chase, I can see that you have returned for a brief visit back to the homestead for a little while. Isn't that correct?”
“Returned! Where did Chase return from? Where did he go to?” Paisley turns and stares with puzzlement at Chase's father.
“Chase has returned from another high school. He has returned back from another school from his other school activities.” Jan nods with a fake smile at Chase and then views Paisley. However, Chase had received a set of other lifetime plans that did not requiring returning back home for any reason, so the other plans must have changed for some unexplained reason.
Paisley continued to sit and stares up at the sunglasses on Chase with puzzlement. “I don’t understand any of this. What did you do? Did you switch to a private school in Southside of Birmingham, Chase? I knew another neighbor kid that goes to that same private school too. But our local high school is fine and dandy with me. Everyone has been missing and asking about you, especially me.”
Chase's mother waves her hand and uses her angel telepathy that connects, links, and Tele talks into each human and angel mind: Thank you, girls for coming over the prepared meal this evening. Now, you must go back home and prepare for your academic tests at the high school tomorrow morning.
Next, Paisley and Ginger slowly stand upright from the dining room and acts like a robot, exiting the dining room setting in silence, moving through the kitchen space, exiting out from Chase's house. The front door slams shut. Then each girl slowly walks down the vanilla colored sidewalk back to their individual residence in silence, without memory of Chase also.
Inside the dining room setting, Jan sniggers with jealousy. Her mother's angel magic can wake a dead decaying body one-at-a-time from city gravesite and perform in the air as a row of moldy dancers. The angel magic does not affect the human mind, so the two human teen girls will not hold any side effects or memory of Chase, only finishing the evening meal with Jan and her parents.
Jan's father continues to sit and frowns at his wife, “Dear, you are not supposed to abuse your angel magical powers on a human, much less two humans. An angel is not allowed …”
His wife leans over and hugs their son, sneering at her husband. “This is my first-born child. Everything he does concerns me and mine and ours and yours and us and we,” she turns and frowns at the nose profile on Chase.  Chase, what has happened to you and your assignment. Why are you back home? Please provide specific details?”
“I can’t. You know that, too, Mom.” Chase continues to stand and reaches out, touching the edge of the dining room table like he wants a plate of food. Then he releases the table and spins around in silence, exiting the dining room, through the hallway, climbing the staircase. He moves back to his old bedroom on second floor.
Then the human body on Chase's mother starts to shimmer in rainbow colors and then fades forming a yellow tinted outline of a female, shouting out loud to her family members. “Central calling!” She stares at her husband. “I’ll find out the exact happenings from the Source. Then, we’ll figure out what to do next for Chase.” She turns and nods her outline to Jan. “Jan, do not disturb your brother for any reason. And obey me on this, Jan. I will not repeat this statement twice.”
Jan nods in silence with a stern face as her mother has used her proper name when there is an emergency.
Her mother twinkles in multi-colors and then vanishes into nothingness on top of the floor and leaves the human house on Planet Earth without fanfare music or paper streamers.
Jan turns and frowns at her father. “Chase, what has happened to his angel purpose, Dad?”
Her father slowly stands upright from the chair and leans down, slowly gathering up the dirty dishes without looking at his daughter. I do believe it is obvious. Something is wrong. Something was wrong. Something went wrong. His angel purpose has failed for some unknown reason.”
“Failed.” Jan is not educated on an angel purpose. Actually, she lies in total darkness with the angel purpose, duties, tasks, and other boring stuff from her Angeldom lessons, until she turns eighteen years old on October 15th. She is getting closer to her angel adulthood without learning any of her angel stuff.
Her father continues to stack each dirty dish in his arm and exhales with worry about his angel son, “There isn't much to tell …”
“You need to tell…”
Jan's mother reappears in her human form and stands on top of the same spot on the wooden floor, nodding to her husband, “We have much exchange information about Chase and his …”  Her eyeballs slices to Jan and then returns back to her husband's. “…re-assignment.”
“Re-assignment!” Jan scoots off the chair and wiggles side to side in puzzlement, shouting out loud. “What is a re-assignment? What does that mean? Is that a common thing with a new angel? What has happened to Chase? What did Chase do? What did Chase not do? Is this going to affect me in some way? Should I be worried? Am I getting my angel wings, right now, today?” She pants with confusion and excitement.
“Jan, please go back upstairs and into her room and allow your mother and I to talk first.” Her father continues to stand and holds an armful of dirty dishes, viewing his daughter.
“Stay, Jan.” His wife nods to her husband. “This reassignment affects her, us, and Chase for eternity.”
Her husband turns and frowns at his wife, “Jan is a human…”
“...until October the fifteenth. Do you remember that special day? The day of my birthday. I turn eighteen years old and I become a full-fledged angel. Didn't you remember, Mom?”
Her father exhales with worry and nods to his wife. “What did Arch-angel Michael advise?”
“Arch-angel Michael, the head of all the warrior angels, why’s he involved? Why did he advice you, Mom? What did he say to you, Mom?” Jan turns and smiles at her mother.
His wife nods to her husband without answering her daughter's questions, “Mic has certain commitments that affect …”
“Mic!” Jan frowns with confusion and stares at her mom. “Do you actually call the mighty and powerful arch-angel and the head of all the warrior angels by that cute nickname? Can I meet him too? O! Forget that request! Can I meet his son Argus? Argus is near my age. I heard that from Chase one time. Argus is also a single teen angel like me.” She slaps her chest with a smile.
Her mother tosses her open palm near her sneer which silences her daughter.
Her father turns and frowns at his daughter, “Not now, Jan!” He turns and nods to his wife. “What does Mic advise for Chase and us?”
Her mother exhales with worry. “Mic had told me that our son Chase will be reassigned with a new angel purpose. He doesn’t know how soon either.”
Jan gasps in shock and interferes with the adult conversation again. “What’s this re-assigned thing? Is that bad for me too? Is that good for me too? Is there a new Latin term that I need to know regarding this bad thing for future reference, of course?”
Her father looks down at the table and softly words. “It happens.”
“Assignare is the new Latin term that you will find in the Angeldom lessons, Jan.” Her mom turns and nods to her daughter.
Okay. That is an odd and weird and strange response to a great big problem of heavenly proportions. Jan says with a frown. “What happens, when an angel gets re-assigned? I still don’t understand. What did Chase do to get re-assigned by Mic, Dad? Can I go and ask him?”
“No. You will not disturb Chase under any circumstances. Obey me, now, daughter!” Her mom sneers at Jan.
“Did Mic request our input, dear?” Her husband looks up and nods to his wife. His wife shakes her pixie blonde hair style in silence and moves ahead towards her husband with a worried brow.
Jan exhales with annoyance at the lack of answers about her brother, “Mom, does this affect my angel purpose?”
“Jan.” Her mother stops and stands beside her husband without addressing anymore questions.
Her active human mind and sensitive human heart tells Jan that something is very wrong as her parents hug in silence and then shimmer into vivid rainbow colors, disappearing from the dining room setting, leaving Jan alone and confusion.
She continues to stand and exhales with puzzlement, reaching down, cleaning up the set of messy dishes for the night, before retiring to her bedroom for the evening.
Chapter 15


Wednesday, May 22nd


12:00 am, the midnight hour
Dull moonlight beams
Heated night with parted clouds without stars 

2nd level floor banister 
Kitchen setting


Angel-in-waiting Jan is 17 years, 07 months, 08 days, 0 hours, 00 minutes, 15 seconds, 14,000 milliseconds, and counting forward.
Inside the kitchen setting, at the breakfast table, her parents sit and quietly talk.
Jan strolls upright with a stern face from her bedroom space and slowly passes the closed door on her brother's bedroom. She is not a full angel but can feel the air currents slightly flutter coming from his room as Chase continues to stay behind closed door while sleeping or pondering or puking.
She does not normally sneak around her home during midnight house like a thief, she is hungry for food and bored. Everyone had disappeared into their secret place after the supper meal. She had been listening to musical discs and watching numerous Hollywood movie films, until her ear wax had melted down into her nose holes.
She approaches the top of the staircase and sees the bright beams from the kitchen space, dropping down on her two palms and kneecaps on top of the second floor, leaning into the white tinted banister, hiding from her parents as her two eardrums absorb the faint words coming from her mom and dad.
Her mom says. “Poor Chase! I don’t know what encouraging words to provide for his delicate condition.”
“The words of love, hope, and faith provide encouragement in any and all situations for both angels and humans, dear,” her father says.
“Chase looks so depressed. He has refused a tray of food that had I offered and has sealed him person inside his room like he’s ashamed, honey.”
“Food is not necessary in the angel state and do not continue to spy on Chase like a teenager either. Let the angel work out his private issue! This isn’t our matter, dear.”
“I told you the information from Mic. Chase will receive a new angel purpose.”
On top of the second level, Jan gasps in shock and then covers her parted lips with her free hand. Chase is receiving a second angel purpose. Her mother had always lectured that an angel only received one purpose, one shot. 
From the kitchen space, her mother softly says. “I can’t believe that I’m voicing this; but I’m worried for Chase. What if his will be not accepted among…”
“Dear, we both know sometimes this delicate condition happens to an angel,” her father says.
Her mother sneers. “Do not remind me! My heart breaks open with the deeply emotional thoughts for my son in which I can’t purge. One in 666 angels is affected by …”
“Dear.” Her father says. “Chase has accepted his delicate condition. We should also.”
“I do willingly. I’m his mother. He is my firstborn child, the apple of my eye.”
“You are his mother, always and forever.”
“Why, oh, why did this happen to my firstborn child? I simply don’t understand. If only we…” Her mother cries with sorrow. “This is our fault for having a second child. We produced a second angel. We had received permission, of course. But a angel couple has one child which is decreed, pure and simple. One child, no more! That’s the angel law. At the time, I thought it silly to limit our love to one tiny baby. Do you recall that too, dear?”
Her father says, “Dear, we both love Jan.”
“A second child had required us to split our time and our devotion to two angel babies without pouring all our energy and time into Chase, only.”
“Jan is a fun, smart, and happy-go-lucky little angel girl,” her father chuckles.
“And Jan can behave so insensitive. She’ll tease Chase, if she uncovers the truth about this thing. We cannot ever mention this thing to Jan never.”
Her father says. “Jan will find out from other angels, when she finally receives her angel wings and visits up there in heaven, dear. We cannot stop this thing from spreading among the flock.”
Her mother growls in fury, “Why can’t Jan be more like Chase, who is an overachiever, responsible, studious, and respectful?”
“Dear, you can’t compare our two angel kids. They both are beautiful and unique.”
Her mother sneers. “Jan is too independent and very stubborn with an attitude that screams out loud with lots of sarcasm, and her persistence whining. She is the exact opposite in personality and interest from our first-born child. She does everything and anything against us, her parents.”
“Dear, I disagree. Jan is not loud, but quiet. Not boisterous, but calm.”
“...terrible table manners, terrible academic grades…”
“Jam looks up to Chase for angel and teen guidance,” her father smiles.
“Jan just goes with the human flow and then hopes she trips over her angel duties. That’s not how it works. We all must face our obstacles and bumps and then overcome our weaknesses and then exceed as the best angel possible.”
“We cannot neglect Jan and her angel studies, dear.”
Her mother growls. “Jan is childish, spoiled, annoying, and manipulative and never stops complaining about everything. Maybe, her human traits are reflections of her angel insecurities which also lead to complete loneliness and might harm her intimate relationship with her angel job within her future.”
“Dear, Jan is not insecure. She’ll find her peace within the Cosmos.” Her father says.
Her mother snarls, “Only if she gets away with murder first.” Her female shimmers in rainbow colors. “Hmm! Central is calling me twice within one single Earth time. That’s very odd!” Her body fades and displays a yellow tinted outline of a female.
Her husband nods. “Go on, dear. I’ll care for the children.” His wife disappears from the breakfast and leaves nothingness. He bows his chin down into his chest and prays for his son in silence.
On top of the second level, behind the banister, Jan continues to hide and then spins around with a gasp. Her parents’ bedroom is located at the end of the hallway in which her father must pass by Chase and Jan's room, before entering his chamber suit. Thus, her father will climb the steps and then pass Jan, who is hiding and has listened to the private conversation, if he decides to leave the kitchen setting.
Instead, her father continues to sit at the breakfast table and prays.
On the second level, Jan starts to crawl over the polished floor and moves back to her private bedroom, passing Chase's closed door of the bedroom, sliding through the cracked doorway. She slowly stands upright without making too much noise and carefully shuts the door, mentally pondering the burning question: Why did Chase fail?
She moves ahead and then stops, sliding down into the neon green bean bag chair, feeling the hidden hard beans contour around her two arms and legs. She looks up at the white ceiling planks following the white painted wall down to the light wooden floor and views the book shelf. Her eyeballs look up and stares the childhood collections of clowns. Jan loves the brightly colored painted happy face of red, yellow, blue, green, purple, pink, and orange covering the ceramic white. She can’t tell if the clown is really glad or sad; but she always keeps guessing such like her mother.
Jan recalls her mother's insulting words down inside the kitchen: Jan just goes with the human flow and hopes she trips over her angel duties.
Jan had read in one of many popular teens magazines that a teen does not get along with their parents during their teen years, regarding their teen non-duties. So, Jan concludes that is her problem too. She cannot get along with her mother like a typical teenager.
She rotates the chair to the opposite wall and views her walk-in closet with grounded clothes, numerous tossed shoes that cover the floor. Two wooden drawers guard the closet frame which overflows going downward like a falling fabric waterfall with individual clothes that almost touches the floor.
If she mentally thinks of a falling fabric waterfall three times within your brain cells, she become dizzy.
Jan slowly rotates the chair around and views the side wall that holds her light green wooden bed frame with the messy lavender colored bed comforter and several spilled and spoiled food plates that has fossilized on each ceramic plate and does not smell. She turns and faces the opposite side that displays a vanity table with an attached reflection mirror and a small sitting chair which is across from her wooden student desk for not doing any of her homework assignments in-between another bookshelf. The bookshelf holds un-used school supplies on the last shelf consisting of rows of No. 2 wooden pencils, lines of blue ink pens, a stack of lined 3-holed punched pink tinted paper, a short stack of unlined 3-holed punched blue colored paper, a tiny pile of empty notepads, and four empty binders for a completed research paper, if Jan needs.
The top shelf displays a pink tinted plastic musical disc player and radio which is reached by standing on top of a short step ladder, Jan measures short at five feet and one inch with annoyance and activates loud rock and roll music in the air waves to annoy Chase.
The middle shelves house layers of thick white sparkling dust for her non-athletic human body, not-smart enough human brain, and not-talented enough human hands that has never acquired a trophy or a tiara or a medal or a certificate of accomplishment as a human teen female at her local high school.
Her human duty here on Planet Earth is to get her angel wings, which is similar to a human teenager waiting on that entrance acceptance letter for their favorite college, since Jan is birthed an angel first, not a human. An angel also has to prove their celestial devotion in numerous other ways, one being to test for the Opus Sanctorum Angelorum.
Or something like that as Jan usually ignores her mother's lecture at the dining table during the supper meal while consuming the food.
When Jan turns eighteen years old, she will know everything about becoming an angel.
In the chair, her mind switches gears and ponders her mother's words: delicate condition, ashamed, not accepted, one among angels.
Jan continues to sit in the chair and extends both of her arms even with the floor, wiggling her fingers at the desk to a certain object. Nothing happens! She is not a full-fledged angel and can’t levitate an object yet. So, she stands and trots, like a human girl, to the desk surface, grabbing the laptop, typing on the keyboard while back stepping from the wall. She plops down back in the chair and reads the screen finding any common event, activity, condition, or presentation about angel purpose. Nothing displays on the screen! She sticks her tongue in the air and then sucks the organ back in her mouth.
She types the word: delicate condition. The screen coughs out the word: pregnancy. Jan frowns. “Chase ain’t pregnant. That’s humanly and angelically impossible, stupid computer!”
She types the word: ashamed. Numerous visual definitions fly on the screen listing feeling shameful, distressed, embarrassed by guilt, foolishness, disgrace, inferior, or unworthy. Jan frowns. “Chase ain’t unworthy either.”
She types the words: not accepted. A list of English worded garage appears on the screen which does not fit the angel situation. She sticks out her tongue again at the screen and then sucks it back into her mouth.
She types the words: one among Angels. Her eyeballs view the screen and as she nosily gasps in shock, swiftly standing upright from the chair, holding the laptop in her hands and softly whispers. “Gay.”
That does fit into the pretty puzzle, since Chase doesn’t date. Well, that’s not much of an argument there, because his sister Jan does not date a hot or cold teen either.
Her mother had spilled the proverbial milk all over the kitchen floor which is running into the dining room space, after she had traveled up into heaven for the surprise announcement that Chase is a gay angel and is not accepted into the feathery flock with his delicate condition and has been shamed into coming back home here on Planet Earth for the time being since he is one among angels.
“Wow!” She softly whispers and looks up, staring at the far wall with her mental thoughts. Her mind buzzes through the previous wordy conservation between her mom and Dad and then recalls the Latin word assignare.
She looks down and types the word on the keyboard, seeing numerous Latin sentences on the screen, whispering with frustration. “Geez! I can’t read a single Latin word on the screen, because I haven’t studied any of my Latin lessons as nagged by my mother every morning, afternoon, and night. However, the formed letters look kinda like set of mathematical symbols from the aliens secretively living here on Planet Earth.” She looks up and views the fat, thick, gigantic twelve-pound worn leather bound Latin dictionary across the room, which is located on the last shelf of the book case, frowning with annoyance. She switches her mental gear and solves her language translation problem. Jan jerks out her personal mobile telephone from her pocket and types the single Latin word on the keyboard while looking for the proper definition.
On the computer screen, assignare, means to mark off. So, Jan concludes that Chase has been marked off the list of nice angels and now resides on the naughty one.
“Wow!” She whispers with worry and stares at the wall.

Twelve hours later, at 12:02 pm with hot temperatures with bright sunlight and parted clouds at the Birmingham Sports Family Center which is located three miles south from Jan's home.
Jan is 17 years, 07 months, 08 days, 12 hours, 02 minutes, 32 seconds, 5,231 milliseconds, and counting forward.
School’s out! Summer's in. And summer time means no school and lots of fun activities with her friends.
Ginger and Jan hang out at the Birmingham Sports Family Center or her father's workplace. Paisley, by invitation of Jan's mother, is hanging out there also.
Birmingham Sports Family Center resides on the church grounds and comprises three thick tall buildings which invite, host, and sponsor all human family units or human individuals to participate in any non-competitive sporting activities for fun, fitness, and fellowship which includes swimming, karate, yoga, ballet, basketball, weight lifting, volleyball, soccer, etc., etc., and etc.
A second set of twin buildings off the street houses groups of homeless people and offers free educational services, free employment training programs, numerous immigrant services for these people as well making her father in charge of the mega center, who helps the entire human race and some lost outer space aliens every day and night, which is what an angel does.
When Jan finally leaves the planet with her angel wings and her angel purpose, her parents will return back to heaven as a pair of life angels and allow another new angel family to run the Birmingham Sports Family Center which is part of the angel thing.
From the entrance door, Jan swiftly races and passes a group of sweaty and stinky family biological units, entering the cafeteria setting and then stops at the occupied table by the wall with the painted sea life of leaping dolphins from the ocean water. She drops down her backpack into another empty chair, scanning the lunch table, where Paisley and Ginger eat a separate meal filled with loads of trans fat, high cholesterol and thousands of calories consisting of non-nutritious foods.
Jan wears a tight white tinted tee shirt and a pair of red sweat pants with the words down each pant leg: chill girly style. Ginger rocks a sporty sexy pose in a pink colored tank top over a white tinted sports bar, a pair of light blue short shorts with white silk piping on the side and a pair of multi-colored sneakers. Paisley is too conservative like her parents and wears a black colored outfit tee shirt, matching pair of long shorts, and a set of matching sneakers.
Jan reaches down and pulls out each item laying her food spread across the naked table, consisting of home-made baked whole wheat bread, fresh smoked turkey slices, numerous organic lettuce shreds, organic fresh green and red diced tomatoes, crushed and blended mustard seeds, an organic apple, and numerous sunflower seeds and a bottle of spring water that comes from Planet Earth.
She is an angel-in-waiting along with her delicate human skin and her more sensitive human stomach acids inside her body. She can’t eat like a true teen with tons of the processed foods that hold mega tons of chemicals, additives, and preservatives, because she might implode. Just kidding! Jan becomes sick with flu-like symptoms including a sweats, chills, coughs, a running nose, and a high fever.
All the medical signs can be avoided by eating a food plate of home-grown meats, fruits, and vegetables which are produced by the local farmers and owned by some of the local farmer angels.
She cannot drink a processed beverage such like, a soda or a power drink or alcoholic beverage, only pure spring water or a fresh-squeezed fruit juice or milk directly from a cow or the soy field or the rice field. She likes soy milk best.
She leans down and arranges her lunch meal on top of the table and can’t stop mentally thinking, pondering, and wondering about a secluded Chase. Once she is home, Jan will ask more questions about Chase with her parents
At the table, Ginger pushes up the tip on her thick orange tinted framed eyeglasses against her face and then points at the entrance wall with a smile, “Who’s that?”
“Who’s who?” Paisley sucks down one of the ketchup-covered French fries into her mouth and chews vigorously, scanning each table.
“Who is that cute guy?”
“Where is the cute guy? What cute guy?” Paisley nosily sucks down on her dark soda without looking anywhere but the food plate.
She continues to point and then giggles with a smile. “The demigod from the entrance door is walking towards our table, coming directly to us.”
Jan turns and follows the green tinted manicured fingernail on Ginger that points the cute guy.
Note: the demigod measures five feet and five inches in height and displays a head of slicked back hair that falls down into a ponytail, a heart-shaped face, and a pair of thick black colored. A tone of glowing beige-rosy colored skin glows on his face and underneath a tight electric blue colored tank top that a set of ripped arms muscles. He wears a pair of matching running shorts.
Jan spots the teen male, swallows the food, and then smiles in silence.
Demigod slowly struts ahead towards Jan's table and then stops, standing handsomely across from Jan, slapping his chest with a grin, “Edgar! And I am not Edgar Allen Poe, the horror poet. I am the new karate instructor here at the Birmingham Sports Family Center, where your father and mother works. Ain't that right, beauty?”
Jan continues to smile and then bows her chin turning a colorful bright pink flush with innocence from the silly flirting by the hunky teen.
He turns and nods at the two female teens. “Take a hike, darlings.” Ginger and Paisley swiftly stand upright from their individual chair and quickly sling a backpack over one collar bone, smoothly gathering a food tray, moving to another table.
Jan continues to smile at the cute male in silence.
He pulls out the chair back and swings it backward, straddling the padded seat, laying both of his biceps across the metal rim. He winks at Jan. “You have a big brother who is named Chase. Ain't that right, gorgeous?”
She nods in silent and bites into her sandwich while listening to the cute human, since that is what an angels-in-waiting does.
“I took his place here at the Fitness Center, since he seemed to have vanished into thin air,” he chuckles. “I was told that he had started a new school. Do you like karate, babe?”
She nods in silence and takes a second bite of her sandwich, chewing the food, staring at the cute male.
“I'm going to teach the next karate class after the lunch meal. Do you wanna come and see me in action, sweetheart?”
She nods in silence and eats her food meal chewing the food while looking at the cute karate instructor.
He smiles. “Well, I gotta go and get warned up, cookie. I’m the second kid too. You know, the other one that mama talks about how the first born is everything and gets everything new, and faces every experience first. Every feat is applauded for the single achievement unlike the twisted sister. The first born is the apple of mama’s eyeball, instead of the black eye socket for me. Ain't that right, sugar?”
She nods in silence and continues to consume her lunch meal while listening to Edgar.
He laughs. “Then I come and arrive. My experiments are old like torn newspaper shreds for the cat’s litter box. Not new! Not fresh! Not cute! Been there, done that theme! Do you feel me, cutie?”
She nods in silence and continues to eat while feeling the similar intense emotions as a human girl, not an angel.
“I’m too independent, too stubborn, too much attitude! I am the exact opposite like a twisted sister. Ain't that right, tot?” He winks with a grin. She smiles in silence and continues to chew her lunch meal. He says. “I do everything and anything against them for attention like performing terrible table manners and horrible academic grades,” Edgar looks down and surveys her lunch meal, reaching out, grabbing a handful of sunflower seeds. He tosses the seeds in the air.
Jan stops eating and looks up at the scattered seeds in the air waves.
Each tiny seed swiftly falls back down using Earth gravity and drops down to Edgar. He winks at Jan and then tosses his skull backwards, opening his mouth as each seed tumbles perfectly against his pink lips and then pink tongue, closing his mouth. He lowers his chin and chews vigorously the seeds while staring at Jan. She smiles at his fun trick. He swallows the food and nods with a smile. “A second born, that's me and you aren't supposed to dethrone the first born. Ain't that right, baby?” Jan nods in silence without eating the food staring at Edgar.
Then, Ginger and Paisley appear in front of the table and bumps into each other's upright body, saying in unison, “Edgar…”
Jan turns and frowns at her two friends for the public intrusion with cute Edgar.
Paisley quickly shoves Ginger to the side and slaps her chest, smiling down at Edgar. “I was here first, before you, Ginger. Edgar, please, come to my social party tonight at five o'clock at my house. Her is my street address and my personal cell number. Just call me, if you need a ride, Edgar,” she winks several times and wiggles her hip bones at the cuter karate instructor.
Jan chuckles and then slaps her hand over her parted lips with still softly chuckling.
“Edgar,” Ginger slides back and stands beside Paisley, slapping her chest with a smile. “I, too, am hosting an elegant evening event tonight. My social party begins much later at eight o'clock in the evening. Here is my street address and my cell phone, if I can be of any assistance, before eight o'clock in the evening,” she extends a ripped off sliver of light blue colored paper to Edgar.
He accepts both of the small notes on the light blue paper with a smile. “I am excitement. I have two separate parties from two separate darlings. Can I bring my friends?”
“More the merrier, sweet Edgar.” Paisley winks and then drools her chewed food down from her bottom lip, nosily slurping the spittle back into her open mouth.
“I’ll bring the beer for my friends, so you don’t have…”
“Beer!” She gasps in shock and shakes her hands, her skull, and her ponytail. “No. No. No beer! My parents would birth a litter of kittens. I’m only seventeen years old and under age and all that jazz. My father is a lawyer and all that legal stuff.” She smiles and bats her two eyelashes. “Maybe, you can come alone for this one party and spend the time with me, the hostess with the mostess and all that sweet stuff.”
He nods with a smile to Paisley. “Sure, cookie! I’ll be there at five o'clock and I promise not to bring the beer or my friends.”
“I'll provide beer at my social party, Edgar,” Ginger winks at him. “And, please, come to my house and bring all your friends for the racks of cold beer bottles at eight o'clock with me.”
He slowly stands upright from the chair and nods to each girls, spinning around, strutting out the cafeteria for his upcoming karate class.
Paisley turns with a giggle and chases after Edgar, following him into the karate class auditorium.
Beside the table, Ginger turns with a gasp and stomps her sneaker forward, chasing after Edgar too.
Jan swiftly stands from her chair and reaches out, grabbing the forearm on Ginger, pulling the teen into her face. Jan whispers with worry. “Ginger, what in heaven’s name are you doing here? Your parents will birth both litters of kittens and puppies, if they find out that you’re hosting a social party, without their permission, and you have invited a house full of strangers. Why are you serving beer? How are you serving cold bottles of beer? I do not like Paisley, but she is right. We are all under age and only seventeen years old….”
“Relax, Jam!” Ginger smiles. “I’m acting, Jam. Edgar is acting, too. We both should get a pair of Hollywood acting trophies tonight. Ain't that right, tot? Look! He’s the new kid on the block, Jam. He’s just trying to fit in with us. You should lighten up and have some fun every once-in-a-while.”
“Ginger!”
Ginger nods. “Look and listen to me, Jam! No one knows, but Paisley, that I have offered to host a social party, tonight. She’s got her own wing-ding which had been planned for weeks, before high school let out. All the kids will be there, instead at my house, where my parents are gone and on vacation. Are you going to stop at Paisley’s house, since she is your neighbor? Well, you should, since she is your neighbor and all that stuff,” she giggles. “Do you see it? This is my teenly genius coming out. I host a private party for you and me. Then Edgar comes over, maybe brings two other guys. One for you and two for me.”
“Ginger!” Jan shakes her pixie with worry.
“Okay. Reality check here! Edgar might or might not come to my house and my party. So, we can spend the evening renting some new Hollywood movie films on the cable and eat bowls of popcorn and drink your disgusting soy milk.”
“You like my soy milk.” Jan pads with Ginger towards the karate class.
She turns and winks at Jan. “Yeah, I like Edgar, too.”

At 01:02 pm, inside the auditorium for the karate class, Edgar leads a huddle of gigging and happy new females plus a line of familiar males into the room.
Every female girl dashes ahead then stops, sitting down, forming a front row.
Edgar advances and then stops, standing in center stage. Each pair of eyeballs stare at him. He looks over the crowd of new and familiar faces. “To attack your enemy, you must know your enemy. I guess ya’ll have heard the human expression: shoulders make the man.” His two arms curl in front of his chest and form a semi-circle, posing with the Hulk Man image as his two massive biceps visually bulge into a set of steel bumps on his naked arms. The audience members loudly clap and cheer.
He stands upright and moves ahead to the front row of females.
Jan sits cross-legged on top of the floor at the end of the line near the set of closed door, watching Edgar, feeling excitement and intrigue. Her blood rushes through each vein and heats her body.
He lectures. “Well, shoulders make the darlings cute.” He stops and stands in front of Jan, leaning down, touching her forearm.
His cool finger tips quickly sooth her feverish body and as she continues to stare with a goofy smile into his brown tinted eyeballs.
“Aw!” The females on the front row stare at Edgar and softly groan with jealousy for his attention.
He pulls Jan upright from the floor and leads her into the center of the room, leaning into her smooth cheekbone. “You’re heated, baby.” She whips her chin down and giggles with silliness.
He slides his body sideways and stops, standing at the back spine on Jan, reaching up out with hands. He touches her collar bone and caresses her heated skin. He nods to the audience, “It is time for questions and answers, tots. How much does the human skull weight?” He shifts both of his hands upwards and gently messages both of her temples on her bone skull while answering the question. “On average about eleven pounds, six of that’s the brain, depending on, if you’re a genius angel or a smart human. Are you enjoying this moment, angel?” She smiles with a goofy smile.
“Aw!” The females on the front row stare at Edgar and softly groan with jealousy for his attention.
His pair of hands shifts downward and then stops, tenderly caressing her neck while lecturing to the audience. “Sternocleidomastoide is your side neck muscles. If you perform a bench press of the sternocleidomastodie, then you are working eleven pounds of bone, tissue, and blood.” He leans down and whispers into her eardrum. “Relax, sugar! You're really tense and tight.”
Jan closes her two eyelashes and bows her chin down into her chest enjoying the hand message from cute Edgar.
“Aw!” The females on the front row stare at Edgar and softly groan with jealousy for his attention.
He smiles at the audience while shifting both of his hands and strokes both of her collar bones, moving both of his hands down to each one of her elbows with delight. “Weight training the deltoid or deltoideus muscles includes the rounded muscles over the top and sides on the shoulder.” He leans down and whispers into her eardrum. “Feel that, babe!”
“Aw!” The females on the front row stare at Edgar and softly groan with jealousy for his attention.
He smiles at the audience and taps his fingers on each one of her elbows, working down towards each one of her wrists. “The two forearms are the muscular fibrous network of two dirt-pounding workhorses that drives the two elbow bones, two wrist bones, the two hands, and ten fingers.” He lifts up her hand to his lips and tenderly kisses each one of her knuckles, pulling back his hand and smiles. “You are delicious, sweetheart!”
“Aw!” The females on the front row stare at Edgar and softly groan with jealousy for his attention.
“Me next!” A female stands upright from the floor and bounces on her sneakers, staring at the cute karate instructor.
“I’m yours.” Another teen female stands upright and body shakes both of her hip bones while winking at the cute karate instructor.
He slides sideways and stands at the back spine on Jan, wrapping his arm around her body, pressing his five fingers completely over her hidden heart, “The set of deltoid muscles work every time you move arm and over your skull or at your shoulder height,” he shifts her arm in various directions. Then Edgar shifts sideways and stands directly in front of Jan, reaching down, griping her two wrist bones, slowly leaning into her lips. He tenderly kisses her lips.
Jan closes her two eyelashes and enjoys the sweet moment and heated response, feeling the cold air of his presence that melts the hotness of her body.
He breaks the kiss and leans over, whispering softly into her eardrums. “Drop your arms, precious!” Jan drops both of her arms at her side and smiles at her.
“Me! Me next!” A new female stands upright from the floor and bounces up and down with excitement.
“Do me! Do me!” Another female stands upright from the floor and body shakes her two hip bones side to side, shouting at Edgar.
“I’m yours.” A third female stands upright from the floor and body shakes, yelling out loud at Edgar.
Edgar pulls away from Jan with a grin and spins around, facing the audience, shifting his hand. He probes her rib cage with a smile. “You got a set of nice pecs, babe! Pectoralis major muscle is a thick fan-shaped large muscle on the upper chest and acts like a joint on the shoulder bone which rotates both of your arms. The pectoralis major muscle arises from the clavicle and sternum cartilages from the second down to the sixth ribs going down to the abdomen,” he shuffles his hand down her rib cage to her abdomen with a smile. Do you like this, kid?” Jan giggles with happiness.
“Me! Me next!” A new female stands upright from the floor and body bounces on her sneakers, waving her arms in the air.
“Do me!” Another female stands upright from the floor and body shakes, swaying her two bone hips, shouting at Edgar.
“I’m yours, Edgar.” A third female stands upright from the floor and dances back and forth, waving both of her arms at the cute instructor.
Edgar looks up and nods to the audience. “How many human ribs exist within the fragile destroyable body?”
“Twelve pairs on each side.” Book-smart Ginger quickly answers and swiftly standing upright from the floor, nodding her skull, stomping her sneaker forward from the front line of females.
He lifts up his open palm and frowns at Ginger. “Back up, babe! You get my next reward, shortly.” Ginger halts and gasps, sliding against the entrance wall, watching Edgar and Jan.
He nods to the audience and looks down, counting each rib on Jan as she giggles from his touch. “Let’s verify that, should we? Pectoralis minor are the rest of the ribs which includes the math numbers of three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven and twelve,” He reaches down and touches both of her hip bones, shouting out loud with a chuckle. Touchdown!” She laughs out loud.
He releases his hands from her hip bones and stares into the audience. Some of the other mammals which are not present in this room like a canine dog possesses thirteen rib pairs. A feline cat has thirteen pairs. A horse possesses eighteen pairs and a cute pink swine baby has fifteen rib pairs just like the date on October, the fifteenth, which represents the sweetest day here on Planet Earth.”
Jan gasps in shock and turns with a smile to see his nose profile. Edgar had remembered the day of her birth which means that he liked her.
He leans over and whispers into her face. “You’re feverish, lassie!”
She giggles and feels her body heat increase in six more degrees of hotness, since Edgar understands Jan and likes her and wants her body.
The closed door shut opens.
“Time’s up, Edgar! Wrap it up for the next class!” An adult karate instructor stands inside the open archway and nods at the nose profile on Edgar.
Edgar returns back and nods to the class. “Well, that's a wrap for the day, ya'll!"
“Aw!” Each female on the front row stares at Edgar and softly groans with disappointment.

At 05:16 pm, at the home of Jan, inside her bedroom, she dons a red tinted knee-length sundress and then spins in a completely circle in front of the vanity mirror, then stop with her back spine facing the mirror. Her neck twists around and as she views her back spine in the mirror without seeing a pair of angel wings, exhaling with disappointment.
She spins around with a smile and faces the mirror, reaching out, grabbing her shoulder purse, exiting her bedroom in a pair of three-inched red matching summer sandals. Jan stomps down an empty hallway and then halts beside Chase’s closed door, leaning over, staining her eardrums through the solid wood. She hears nothing and then frowns with curiosity. Jan starts to move ahead and loudly stomps down each wooden step on the staircase in her heeled sandals, seeking her parents.
She enters and stops in the kitchen, silently reading a hand-written note on the refrigerator door. Her parents are working late at the Fitness Center into the evening hours which is what an angel does. Jan back steps from the appliance and spins around, exiting out the side door, strolling over the smooth sidewalk, marching her sandals across our green tinted manicured lawn, hitting the next vanilla concrete sidewalk. She sees numerous parked vehicles lining the city street and then stops with a huff, parking both of her folded fists on her waistline, silently counting each parked car. number. “Twenty-five parked automobiles on the street. Paisley’s party is a success. Unbelievable!”
Jan starts to stroll ahead and stomps up each bricked step, standing in front of the bright orange colored metal door, without seeing a human on the front porch.
Paisley’s house is composed of 3,000 square feet of brown clay bricks with numerous vaulted ceilings in the living room and the kitchen with four bedrooms, three bathrooms, and a single furnished basement without a swimming pool.
The front door opens and reveals a tall queen-sized female with a smile. “Whoa there, cowgirl! Attendance requires the proper gear including a cowgirl hat, a cowgirl vest, and a cowgirl bandana.” A set of manicured fingernails shower Jan with a sleeveless vest in cowgirl pink tinted paisley and a matching bandana. The same hand slaps a small cheap pink colored felt cowgirl hat over the hair roots on Jan.
Behind the tall teen female, the living room displays a yellow tinted granite fireplace minus a pile of red and blue heated flames of fire. The side wall exhibits a living room furniture set in light brown tone with red apples, green pears, and orange peaches on the cloth fabric. On the opposite side wall, huddles of hungry teens stand in front of a gigantic plasma television and an active stereo system within the built-in shelves.
Jan shuffles inside and jerks each hand through an open hole on her cowgirl vest, sliding the party accessory over her sundress and then ties the lonely scarf around her naked throat and stops. She slides sideways and leans against an empty spot on the side wall with a smile and observe the human teens consisting of freshmen dummies to seniors smart-holes from her local school that dance or chat or eat in the middle of the floor.
An angel-in-waiting is encouraged to attend a high school teen party but not really participate and absorb all the different behaviors, emotions, and manners which are characterized by the human teen while becoming a new full-fledged angel. The human educational knowledge helps Jan become a better angel and also offers a promotion from a life angle to a guardian angel, if she wants to rapidly advance within the heavenly ladder with a permanently assigned human ward.
From the active musical player, the musical song entitled Cowboy loudly blasts from the musical artist Kid Rock. “Cowboy, baby. With the top let back and the sunshine shining. Cowboy, baby. West coast chilling with the Boone’s Wine. I wanna be a cowboy, baby. Riding at night ‘cause I sleep all day. Cowboy, baby ...”
Inside the living room setting, all of the furniture pieces are kissing the side wall and then empties the center of the room producing a make-shift dance floor. In the far corner wall, a live DJ fiddles with the musical player and calls out dance moves.
Each teen circles the floor with their dance partner and then stops, bouncing their kneecaps up and down to the rhyme of the notes displaying a set of double-hand holds that crisscross over their boot toes beside the next dance couple.
The DJ smiles and shouts out loud. “Dos-a-dos your girl left. One, two, three, four.”
The female teen twirls to the left and then faces her guy, wiggling both of her arms and hands down her vertical body, touching both of her breasts and going further down to her waist, then down to her hips while winking at her guy. The guy stands in place and sways each hip bone to the left and then to the right, reaching out, gently tapping both of his open palms down her body starting at her hair roots towards her waistline.
The DJ calls. “Two-step forward. One, two, three, four...”
The female girl steps ahead then almost touches at the boot toes on the male, leaning over, wrapping both of her arms around his neck muscle. The male pulls the female into his chest and hugs her body.
“Kiss your girl, left then right.”
The male pulls back from the hug and leans over, lightly pecking his kiss on her cheekbone, pulling back and shifts to the other side, lightly tapping his kiss on her other cheekbone. Then he shuffles to the middle and smacks her wet lips.
“Yee haw!” A loud chorus shouts out loud with laughter coming from a group of lounging teens that occupy each long sofa, unfolded recliner, the side walls, and hangs at the archway while toasting their beverage and a plate of food.
The DJ smiles and calls out loud. “Promenade your girl left. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.”
Each couple slowly pulls back from the intense lip service and then swiftly drops down both of their hand and curl around each other’s waistline, swiftly dancing in a loose circle and then stops, repeating the same dance process.
The DJ smiles and calls out loud, “Dos-a-dos your girl left. One, two, three, four.”
Jan exhales with excitement and moves ahead around each dancing couple and piece of furniture, entering the kitchen space, hunting for a beverage of water. She finds a red tinted plastic cup and then dump numerous cold ice cubes, pouring down a stream of fresh earth water from the kitchen faucet. She spins around with a smile and exits the kitchen space, slowly dancing through the crowd, scanning each face and plans to party for thirty minutes or less. Jan is Paisley’s neighbor and is obligated to be seen by Paisley, before Paisley tattle tails about Jan's absenteeism to Jan's mother.
Jan is Ginger’s friend and is obligated to help prep Ginger's homey atmosphere for her private secretly social party with Edgar.
Jan exits the living room archway and stomps onto the external patio looking for an answer to the wild teenly sounds in the rear of Paisley's house, seeing the six feet wooden fence parameter within the one-acre landscape that curves around the manicured green grass and pods of sculptured colorful flowers. Hoots and cheers noise drifts from numerous semi-crooked rows with teens that sit in the middle of the manicured grass on top of a blanket or a folding chair or a dining room chair or a nice living room sitting chair that faces the patio wall. Each teen stomps the nice grass and flower petal dead with a pair of true cowboy boots or soft flip-flips or the hard leg on the chair and wears a colorful fake cowboy hat, a colorful fake cowboy vest with a matching cloth bandana.
Jan back tracks and sits down against the wooden fence in an empty chair, sipping on my water, watching the commotion.
Inside the square shaped enclosure on top of the yellow tinted brick patio, a funny wall picture glows with an electronic image of red tinted wooden two-framed building with the black tinted words on the building: Saloon.
The electronic saloon displays a pair of swinging half-doors that reveals a dark room. A row of four horses are tied onto a post with long gliding reins and a brown tinted saddle on each back bone within the computer-generated western scene. On top of the porch in the shade, a pair of cowboys cuddle with two Saloon girls, watching the pretend Sheriff-Villain shoot-out that is active on the inner floor of the true patio.
A batch of red dirt clay is scattered over the yellow brick patio and kicks up dust from two live bodies posing in an en guard stance for a live action western shoot-out. Phil, one of Chase’s former classmates in the senior class wears a yellow tinted cowboy hat, a yellow paisley vest over his short-sleeved black tee shirt, a matching bandana around his naked throat. A thick black belt with a blue tinted blinking light in the middle of his waist kisses his black tinted belt. He wears a pair of brown cowboy boots. His gun hostler is light brown hue that slings around his narrow hips and holds a fake pearl-handled hand gun inside the brown leather pouch. He poses in a gun fight stand and wiggles his finger tips nervously near the fake hand gun. Phil sneers at his opponent. “I’m the sheriff in this here town, boy. It ain’t big enough for the both of us, hoss. Time for you to leave or …”
“Die! Draw!” Edgar sneers back at Phil and pulls out his hand pistol in the air, blasting a single green laser fire at Phil’s blinking blue light, connecting perfectly.
Phil grabs the hand gun and then drops the weapon on the patio floor, reaching down, hugging the metal belt, where the green laser beam had hit. He jumps up and down yelling out loud in pain.
The audience of sitting teens sounds with laughter, claps, and cheers at the exciting event. On top of the patio floor, Phil drops down on top of his kneecaps and grunts in pain, ripping the metal belt from his blue jeans, yelping out loud. “Hot! Hot! It’s hot!”
“Dork!” A male teen laughs out loud from the audience.
In the wall corner, hiding the dark shadows, a tall blonde hair male points with laughter at Edgar. “Bank Robber Edgar wins again. Who is the next brave and courageous sheriff for the upcoming deadly shoot-out?”
On the semi-crooked rows of teens, a short, black-haired male sits and hugs his girl, shouting out loud with laughter. “Somebody should have told Phil not to wear that laser belt near his delicate parts. The sailing colorful laser beam hits and then absorbs inside the devise that creates and expands into both heat and light. Best if you wear the belt devise on your chest to absorb the hard zaps.” The audience of teens sound with more laughter.
Edgar faces the audience and jerks both of his biceps in the air for his last victory win, wearing a yellow cowboy hat that tilts over his right eyeball and his naked chest that displays his eight-pack abdomen muscles underneath a yellow tinted paisley cowboy vest, a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, and a pair of crimson and black cowboy boots. The hand gun and the light brown gun pouch are tied to his right leg with two yellow bandanas tied around the thin fleshy cuff on each bicep.
On cue, four females dash onto the patio and spit into pairs surrounding Edgar, hugging his body. He drops both arms and wraps the pair of girls, leaning down, kissing each pair of painted lips while each girl giggles with silliness.
“Next stud-wanna-to-be, come on up here and fight the villainous villain!” The DJ calls out for the next western shoot-out turns.
On the side fence, a short, red-haired male turns and smiles at the nose profile on Jan. “Jam, what's happened to Chase? What college did he pick? Is he going to Burn U right now?”
Jan watches Edgar with a smile.
On top of the patio, the hostess Paisley stomps onto the patio and waves her free hand in the air with a soft sneer, shooing the girls away from Edgar, cuddling with him. She turns and waves to the crowd of teens. He leans down and lightly kisses her cheekbone.
The DJ blows a loud horn that scares Paisley and then laughs, pointing at Edgar. “We're wasting night time kisses here. Who is the next opponent to come on up here on stage to kill Bank Robber Edgar? Re-set the lights! Re-power the laser!” He fiddles with the electronic game station for the next electronic shoot-out.
“Chase decided to go to work and has skipped college.” Jan answers the question for the male.
Alfred, one of Jan's classmates, stands upright from the crowd and crosses his arms over his naked chest, wearing the black tinted laser belt around his fit waist with a stupid baseball hat filled with an assortment of upside-down tobacco stained cups representing his Indian feathers. He stomps into the patio and stops, standing on the opposite side of Edgar showing off his brown-stained tobacco teeth, “I am Chief Put-you-down, ya ugly pale face!”
Edgar stands on the other side and yells out loud with laughter. “Die! Draw!” He swiftly pulls out his electronic gun from the pouch and holds in the air, firing a single green tinted laser at the blinking blue light, missing completely.
Alfred quickly two-steps to the left and fires out the orange laser fire that dies in the air, after missing Edgar’s electronic waist belt. He laughs out loud.
The crowd of teens stand and bounce up and down sounding with claps, cheers, and whistles.
On top of the patio, Edgar bends his kneecaps and shifts his gun barrel at the moving target, firing a second green tinted beam, missing completely.
Alfred successfully darts to the right as his orange fire dies in the air for a second failed attempt, shouting out a third orange tinted beam and misses Edgar again.
Edgar twirls and curls around each flying electronic blaze, sliding his gun to the left parallel to the patio floor, targeting the tiny blue solid light at the belt on Alfred and misses again. He snarls and rushes forward directly at laughing Alfred.
In the dark wall corner, the DJ notes the angry face on Edgar and lifts both of his arms in the air, shouting out loud with authority. “Stop!” He scoots around the electronic game equipment and moves ahead towards Edgar, pointing each teen male with a smile. “This ain’t a prom date, boys. It’s a fake western shoot-out. Stand over there by the wall, Alfred.” He turns and points at Edgar. “You, boy, go and stand over there by the opposite wall.” He observes both the bodies back in an en guard stance and smiles. “Okay! I stand here against the wall and watch both of ya’ll. One, two, three. Draw.”
Edgar and Alfred pull out their pistol at the same time and aim at DJ at the same time, releasing out a green and then an orange tinted electronic beam that dies in the air. The DJ is not wearing an electronic belt or vest for the electronic game.
The DJ lifts both of his arms in the air and laughs out loud, “It's a tie. Bank Robber Edgar still leads the Wild West with the most kills. Who’s next? Leave Alfred, you’re done here,” he returns back and shoves Alfred off the patio, standing back behind the equipment table, smiling into the audience. “Who ain’t got killed by Edgar? Step up here for your turn at death.” He chuckles.
The same male in the chair next to Jan leans over and grabs her forearm. “Jam, go on and play the shoot-out game! It’s a lot of fun. See if you can de-rail his fanny!” He stands and jerks Jan upright from her cheap patio chair with laughter, slowly dragging her towards the edge of the patio, waving his free hand in the air and shouts out loud, “Jam is next. Jam is next to die.”
“I didn’t think so.” Jan shouts with a nod to Edgar.
The male teen stops and stands beside Jan at the edge of the patio, leaning over, whispering into her eardrum, “Listen here! Use his strategy. Don’t talk! Just shoot straight at his belt buckle with your x-ray gun which is the location of the laser array. Got it?”
“Not got it!” She laughs at Edgar, who adjusts his laser belt.
“Just shoot him death for fun and for fake.” The teen male laughs and then spins around moving back to the side fence wall, sitting down and watches.
Jan slowly stroll alone onto the patio floor and smiles at Edgar. He advances from the opposite edge and greeting me sweetly. “Hey, Jam! Thanks for playing but, I must apologize in advance for…the kill.”
She slaps her chest with a smile. “I can defend myself, Bank Robber. How is this devise placed on my body? Jan accepts and then examines the laser belt, wrapping the plastic item around her slender hips, standing upright with sandals apart. She winks and wiggles her two hip bones with her girly distraction.
He chuckles and reaches out, touching her forearm. “I won’t do…”
“Your hand's cold.” Jan flings her arm from his loose grip, looking down at his hand, rubbing my forearm at the tingling pain.
“O! I'm sorry. I just drunk a cold drink. I don’t use a napkin.” Edgar frowns.
In the dark wall corner, the DJ moves ahead and invades our bug hug, reaching out, shoving Edgar towards the opposite wall. “What’s taking so long over here?” He examines each electronic belt around her waistline with a frown. “A girl's gotta use the chest plate. This one!” He spins around and snatches one off the table, holding up a yellow tinted metal star-shaped devise with a solid blue light in the middle of the geometric design and leans over, ripping off the belt first and tapes the devise with a set of sticky strips around her chest. He slams her chest with his fist and shoves Jan backwards into the side wall. “Go, girl!”
Jan tumbles backwards with a gasp and stops a few inches before hitting the rough brick wall, standing in front of Edgar at fifteen feet, placing her electronic x-ray gun down in the side hostler on the chest armor. She wiggles her five finger pads near the pearl handle and stares into his pair of dancing brown eyeballs with a perfect smile. She really doesn’t want to kill Edgar for pretend play. She would rather enjoy his time while talking and touching with a non-pretend game.
Jan turns and smiles down at Paisley. Paisley stands at the edge of the fence and sneers at Jan.
Reality really bites! Jan is an angel and Paisley is a human, who like Edgar more than a friend and more than Ginger’s intense teen hormones. As an angel-in-waiting, Jan is not supposed to interfere but interact. She decides to play it cool and let the other girl win the other guy.
Jan stands ready for anything while Edgar wiggles his finger near his guns. “Die. Draw.” Then, Eagar does nothing with his gun or his finger pads or his killer actions. Jan does nothing with her actions or her finger pads or her gun but stands quietly with a smile.
He frowns and then shouts out loud, “Draw your gun! Shoot me!” Then, he still doesn’t pull his gun. She does nothing but grins at him.
“Kill her!” Paisley screams out loud and stomps her pair of summer heels down into the soft manicured grass standing against the wall fence, sneering at Edgar.
Jan turns and grunts down at Paisley, returning back, smiling at Edgar.
Edgar laughs. “I’m going to draw now. So, protect yourself, Jam.”
Jan nods with a smile. He jerks the pearl handle gun from the hostler, aims, and then connects to her solid blue light on her chest armor.
Jan extends both arms and tosses back her bone skull exposing the yellow chest armor for a bull's eye target from his green tinted laser beam. The live beam seriously hits and absorbs into the metal device as Jan stumbles backwards from the force on her three-inched summer heeled sandals and mentally curses the property of physics inertia that affects the beam and her body.
The DJ rushes around the table and reaches out, grabbing the arm on Jan, before her bond skull hits the hard, rough brick wall, jerking her body upright. He cuddles Jan and looks down with worry at her scared face. “Jam, are you okay? Are you hurt? Stay calm! Let me remove that plate.” He slowly lowers Jan down on top of the smooth patio and then quickly jerks the chest armor from her body, dropping the sizzling object down on top of the patio floor. He reaches over and un-ties her bandana from her naked throat, so she can freely breathe.
Jan inhales and then exhales in big gulps of breathes trying to calm her wiry nervous.
The DJ reaches down and jerks Jan upright, leading towards a sitting chair. She sits down and continues to breath in heavy breaths. he dips hiring. “Stay quiet! You’re fine. The beam just knocked the breath of your breasts. That’s all. No blood! I promise.”
She blinks her eyelashes several times and continues to inhale shallow breathes while building up mouth spittle on her tongue.
Paisley fights her way through the crowd and then appears with a smile, leaning down over Jan, placing a red plastic cup on the naked foreman of Jan. “Drink this, Jam! It will calm your nerves! Are you hurt, Jam? Do you want to me to call Chase? He can walk your back home, right now, Jam.”
Jan holds her breath and places her shaky hand with the red plastic cup onto her lips, slipping the cool water, swallowing the liquid refreshment and then screams. “No!”
Paisley pats the naked forearm on Jan with a smile. “You’re fine. Just go home, Jam! Go home and enjoy your evening, Jam. You need to rest and recovery in your room.”
“I am so sorry, Jam. I didn't mean to harm you. Are you okay?” Edgar slides through the crowd and stands beside Paisley, looking down at Jan, removing his cowboy gear to the DJ.
Jan slips more water and slightly grins. “Well, I did survive the Bank Robber.” She sloshes the cup and spills the water on her naked forearm, feeling a light sting, looking down. Her skin tissue heats in a pink shade of red and then returns back to a normal pink hue of human. She gasps, then lightly sneezes, and then mildly coughs, lifting up the cup near her eyeballs, noting a thicker consistency than plain water with the sprinkling gems of chemical. She gasps in shock. “This is not earth water. What is this?”
“Soda!” Paisley smirks and reaches out, caressing the bicep on Edgar.
Jan performs an ugly hiccup and then a heavy nose sneeze several times which is followed by a rough cough. She blinks her eyelashes several times clearing each blurry eyeball, looking down at her arm. Her skin tissue flames from pink hue into an orange color returning back into her normal pink. Jan feels suddenly hot, heated, and feverish which is not normal and whispers with worry. “Oh, no!”
She rushes off the chair, through the patio, entering the house, racing to the open bathroom archway. She slams the door shut and spins around, leaning down into the wash sink, flipping on the water faucet. Cold water hits both of her forearms, both hands, and her swollen face. Jan looks up and stares at the mirror with fear. Each cold-feeling water droplet dries instantly on her heated red colored face.
The locked bathroom door slams open as a fury of cold freezing air molecules bombard Jan and the tiny enclosed room. A set of cold fingers reach out and grab her collar bone, whispering for her eardrums only, “Jan.”
Jan faint totally within his arms.

At 06:32 pm, in the Seymore Household, inside Chase’s bedroom, her eyelashes blink open and stare at a puke green colored gigantic Tyrannosaurus rex dinosaur, which is a one-dimensional kiddie poster, that is taped by miles of yellow colored masking in a lovely rectangular geometric on top of the ceiling planks inside Chase’s bedroom.
A cold hand reaches out and touches her collar bone.
She sits upright with a gasp of puzzlement and lies on her two elbows, slowly turning to see her brother, sitting upright at her waistline on top of his neatly arranged bed comforter. She cringes at his outward presence since his presentation four days ago, whispering with worry. “Thanks!”
Chase stands a few feet from the entrance wall and away from his bed mattress, appearing like a tall snowman without the snow. Jan had heard the Christmastime fairy story in elementary school. His blonde bangs are frozen in a funny tidal wave hair style on top of his skull. His hair glows in pure white hue instead of his usual golden twinkle dust. His pair of green pupils appear midnight black against his ghostly skin tone instead of his usual peachy-rosy skin tone. Chase has mysteriously morphed into the invisible man. He wears a white tinted long-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of matching trousers, and a pair of white tinted hiking boots. A dark purple vest is zipped up to his throat. He continues to stand at attention with both arms at his side, staring at Jan. “Why were you at the party of Paisley, Jan?” He softly interrogates and stares at her with his pair of un-emotional black pupils.
Jan spins her body to the side and sits on top of his neatly arranged bed mattress feeling abandoned as his biological human and angel sister. “You used to call me, Jam.”
He softly speaks, “You are almost an angel. You should exhibit better judgment with the humans. What is wrong with you, Jan?”
She returns back fury and fight, sneering at his questions. “What’s wrong with you, Chase?”
He ignores her direct question and softly speaks. “You do not enjoy the company of Paisley even as a high school teenager as I recall.”
“Why do you use full sentences and not a contracted English word like old Chase? What’s wrong with you, big bro?” She frowns with puzzlement and confusion.
“Why bother to attend the party, Jan?”
She exhales with more fury with a sour frown. “Amazing gracey here! I can't believe that you can recall anything about me, your Earth-bound sister,” she turns and scans his bedroom. The room is the same but appears neater and more organized. Jan frowns at Chase. “Why have you sealed your angel selfie inside your bedroom tomb for past four days and away from all the living and breathing life forms? How in the heavens did you find me at Paisley’s house inside that locked and crowded bathroom?”
“Are you interested in knowing what is happening to you, little sister?”
“I know what happened to me. I had drunk one of those processed beverages with a mega dosage of preservations and chemicals which is called a soda which affects my precious angel DNA.” She nods. “Did you even accidentally consume one of these sugary sodas, too, Chase? I didn’t think a full-fledged angel would become sick with a biological aliment. But, don't take offense here. You look like a he-ghost, instead of he-angel or he-human. Are you contagious with something that can be given to me?”
“Stubborn is not a good quality in an angel, little sister.”
She slaps her chest with a smile at her brother, “I’m still human for another…”
Chase exhales with a series of white tinted long breathes as each long breath actually hovers in the air currents, before the strand melts down and hits the wooden floor, “My angel powers are bundled. The Latin term is pronounced Ligo. A celestial process administrated by a higher entity other than I for a number of heavenly reasons. My reason being my…”
“…failure.” Jan nods with a stern face. “Our dad told me that you had failed. Our mom said you have been re-assigned by Mic. Well, I guess now. You not be the apple of our mom’s eyeball anymore. Huh, big bro?”
“Jealousy is not a good quality in an angel, little sister.”
She winks for fun at her brother, “You are cool charming there. I'll give you that one, angel.”
“Stupid is not a good quality in an angel, little sister.”
She slaps her chest and nods with a stern face. “I’m not stupid. I am smart, smarter than you. I had figured it out. You are gay. A gay angel ain’t accepted up there in heaven and you are ashamed of your delicate condition which occurs one time within some whatever stupid mathematical statistic that I can’t verify without our mom’s aid.”
He does not react with a sneer or a smile or a head nod while speaking softly. “Humans are so stupid. My true statement includes you, little sister.”
“Angry ain’t a good quality in an angel, bro.” She sneers.
“So, based on your gathered evidence, I am a gay human that became a gay angel.”
“Truth is a good quality in an angel, bro.” She smiles.
“The word gay had been invented by a same-sex angel that lives in heaven meaning full of joy, light-hearted, happy, carefree, merry, pleasant, and charming.”
“Lies ain’t a good quality in an angel, bro.” She growls.
He does not react with a sneer or a smile or a nod while speaking softly. “A life angel cannot produce a graceling. A graceling is a child from a married loving pair of Graced beings. A pair of married and loving guardian angels raise their children into adulthood then return back to work here on Planet Earth. A pair of messengers and warrior angels marry and produce a graceling too. When a heavenly battle erupts within the continuous War of Good versus Evil, an angel or both angel parents must go into back and some do not come back. So a loving gay angel steps in as an adoptive angel parents to the suffering and crying graceling while providing happiness and merriment. The gay angel takes precious care of the alone and hurting angel child until their adult angelhood which is blessed by our Heavenly Father and it is supported by all types of angels. I am not a gay-angel.”
“What!” Jan gasps in shock.
“You whine, pout, complain, and ignore everything that is goodness and light and love up there in heaven and down here on the Earth plane, Jan.” Chase turns and views the closed drapes, exhaling without emotions as each emotion has been bundled for his healing purpose at the moment. He returns back and stares at Jan with a pair of black tinted pupils, speaking softly. “Our angel mother is not coming back to the Earth plane with you, our dad and me, Jan. Our angel mother has been demoted down from a guardian angel into a life angel because of …”
“…. you ....” she sneers.
“...you...”
Jan gasps in shock and looks down at the wooden floor, mentally cursing the ugly truth, softly crying with the disaster that has hit her loving angel family.
Chase speaks softly. “Our angel mother had disobeyed our Heavenly Father, when she had showed a human her pair of angel wings. That is never allowed in the heavenly rule book. But our angel mother has always been stubborn like her human daughter. Each one of us is an angel with a set of awesome powers, but each one of us has a heavenly supervisor to glide our angel purpose. And the boss man does not like a rebel angel unless he or she orders that angel rebel behavior for their human ward to steer him or her towards the pathway of light and love.”
She looks up and wipes off the rolling tears, gasping in worry. “I can't believe this. I can't believe this has happened to our family. Our angel mom is now a life angel. What about our dad? How does our dad feel about our mom and his wife not living here anymore on the Earth plane with him or me? What’s he going to do now?”
“Our angel dad understands. Our angel dad had warned our angel mother, but our angel mother had not listened to his wisdom and honor. Our angel dad has accepted what his wife and our angel mother has done and not done. Our angel dad always obeys like his angel son.” Chase exhales with strands of white tinted breathes that slowly lands down on the floor. “Angeldom rules, regulations, and procedures have always been here underneath our house roof, inside your private bedroom for you to study, learn, and accept.” He spins around and grabs a book from the built-in book shelf, swinging around, pitching the heavy item towards his sister. Jan reaches out and captures the heavy book, looking down at the title, gasping in shock. Chase speaks softly to Jan, “You have never obeyed our angel mom and our angel dad as stated in the Holy Bible, Jan. Our angel mom had instructed daily to you over and over again to read the Holy Bible, the Angeldom personal instruction manual for an angel and a heavenly soul.
“Angeldom is in here.” She frowns and continues to stare at the title of the Holy Bible.
“The Good Book is eternally and essentially an everlasting guide for each living life form including a fleshy human, a heavenly soul, an angel and some visiting aliens from the outer space. That is why it is written for you, me, our mom, our dad and the other life forms.” Chase exhales with strands of white tinted breathes that slowly lands down and melts on top of the heated wooden planks. “If you had ever looked in-between the printed lines, then you would see clearly our Angeldom rules which pop out like a row of springtime daisies. That was easy! Huh, little sister?”
“No one told me.” She looks up and frowns at Chase while feeling guilty about her mom and her dad and her brother Chase.
“Ten Commandment number five states honor your mom and your dad, little sister.”
“I didn’t know they were numbered.” She nods.
“The entire human race like a set of systemic order in their reincarnated life. After the life angel had delivered the baby soul from the heavenly nursery and then down into the womb on the mother-to-be, the baby soul was happy and warm and alive. Then the mother-to-be was not happy and performed an abortion.”
“Abortion...”
“....is a deliberate bloody end of a human baby.”
She smiles at her human knowledge, “A unborn baby is called a growing fetus.”
Chase speaks softly, “The soul is properly known as a heavenly baby to each angel and a human baby to his or her pair of Earth parents,” he turns and stares at the closed drapes while continuing to speak softly. “There are 42 million abortions per year which is 115,000 abortions every single day by a cold-feeling, looped steel-coated, curved and slender medical instrument that catches the baby’s head holding the growing fetus in place inside the mother-to-be's womb. Then, talented medical surgeon cuts down into the fleshy and bone on the human fetus slicing the baby's left arm at the collar bone first with a sharp scalpel ...”
She nods. “The mother is sedated for the medical operation and does not feel the pain.”
“A numbing pharmaceutical drug is administrated to the mother-do-not-wanna-be, not the living soul inside the womb, little sister. The living soul is created with feels, emotions, tastes, smells, and pains that are install during the heavenly nursery and is carried down with the soul during the earthly journey, and implanted down into the secured womb on the human mother-to-be. Range of feelings includes awareness and protection for the developing baby who enjoys hearing all the new sounds on Planet Earth.
“During the bloody abortion, the medical surgeon cuts on the baby's right arm at the collar bone next. The living soul screams in fear, terror, and horror but the mother-to-be does not hear the screams from her developing fetus. The medical surgeon cuts the baby's right leg at the hip joint, chopping the leg off from the baby for the physical extraction of the removed limb out from the mother-to-be's womb. The living soul yells in intense pain and suffering. The medical surgeon slices off the left leg on the baby and removes out from the womb. The living soul shouts out loud in living pain and horror. The medical surgeon continues to dismember the rest of the fetus slicing off the neck from the skull bone, each rib from the tiny rib cage and then both the pelvis hip bone on the human baby as the living soul continues to cry out for help and suffers horror. Then the medical surgeon slowly scrapes all the tiny soft tissues of the human baby out from mother-do-not-wanna-be with a smooth, cold-feeling medical instrument as not to harm the mother-do-not-wanna-be like a serving spoon for slurping a hot bowl of tomato soup. The living soul suffers in pain and whimpers in agony from the bloody and nasty decision from the mother-do-not-wanna-be that still resides inside the womb.
“Last, the final remnants of ripped, torn and bloody skin and bone and organ tissues from the human baby are swiftly vacuumed out with a man-made vacuum cleaner devise from mother-do-not-wanna-be's womb and falls down into a dirty water pail of contaminated germs for a easy disposal method down into a plastic garbage bag. The living soul is numb, shocked, and scared. Then a death angel swiftly descends down from beautiful heaven and collects the frightened soul baby, and cradles her or him into their protective angel arms, and then slowly ascends back into heaven and is taken to a special heavenly ward for healing and recovery of the tormented soul from the human baby bio-shell.”
She frowns. “Were you not there and present during that terrible process? How did you learn about that terrible process?”
Chase slowly zips down his vest open and reveals a ripped, torn, and blood-stained tee shirt that barely covers his naked chest. A set of crimson tinted slashes appears in vertical, horizontally, and diagonal marks on top of his pale skin tissue, specifically at the physically location over his angel heart organ, which is needed for sustaining his life force as a working heavenly angel.
She slowly paces ahead with a gasp and then stops with worry, narrowing her two eyelashes, staring at each nasty, deeply embedded blood-stained incision which measures four-inches long that has been cut and then etched like a piece of human art into his ghostly skin while scarring his heart tissue.
He speaks softly and does not close the vest with the numerous exhibited blood-stained slashes. “The first medical surgeon cut on the baby’s right arm is shown here at the base of my heart organ. The baby and I are connected in Essence. Essence is another angel term that you will eventually learn later after your indoctrination up there in heaven. The guardian angel and the human ward of a living soul are one. We are one. I am his guard. He is my ward. If someone or something tries something baddie on my human ward, I have a set of great guardian angel powers to intervene using numerous angel methods, except one, a nasty abortion. The mother-do-not-wanna-be has the free right to exercise her Free Will to be done with her baby-do-not-want. I am powerless to stop an abortion. Since we are one, I, too, suffer the same physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual consequences with my human ward that resides inside the mother-do-not-wanna-be's womb. I cannot die like a living soul; but I can suffer like a living soul.”
“Chase,” she whispers and stares at each individual crimson slash distinctly scarred on his naked chest covering his heart.
“The second slice at the right leg on the human baby by the talented medical surgeon allows me to see as well as feel the living soul's torment and terrible. Each slash cuts deeper in my own heart valve, down into my skin tissues, separating my heart arteries, severing my blood flow as I continue to feel the living soul and his sorrow and pain, until the living soul is removed from the mother-do-not-wanna-be's womb by the sweet deather.”
“Chase.” she whispers and cannot draw her sight from the numerous crimson colored slashes that has scarred his naked chest.
“I was combing my hair which is still a common ritual among both angels and humans. The first strike froze my body totally. Then I was transported from the baby's house and immediately inside a cold-feeling and sterile-sensing human medical surgery room with the talented human medical surgeon. I appeared as a ghostly wraith floating inside the wall corner of an operating surgery room and listened to the screams from the living soul and watched helplessly the unstoppable medical slaughter on my human ward inside the mother-do-not-wanna-be's womb. The first strike of medical instrument at the living soul had paralyzed me into shock. The second strike at the limb on the living soul, I felt fear, then sorrow and then each deadly deep slice from the human medical surgeon’s cold, sharp scalpel blade. I emotionally erupted into a gut of vile hatred of every human and every animal and every plant and every tree and every dang thing on the Earth plane and up in heaven.”
“Chase.”
“Finally, at the final end of the loud noises, sobbing cries, and cold metal blade, I saw the death angel float down from the ceiling tiles and then hover from the bloody tile floor, reaching down, removing the living soul out from the dirty pail of ripped guts, organs, blood, and bone fragments, placing the living soul down into her protective arms. Then death angel and the sobbing living soul slowly floated up towards the ceiling and then disappeared from the Earth plane. I quickly collapsed into darkness. I had awakened there in heaven on a bed of white soft roses feeling numb. Nothing! No emotion! No hate! No love! No happiness! No smell! No taste! I can reach down and cannot feel the touch of this vest. I am informed that my set of awesome angel powers and my mixed and churning angel emotions are in the Ligo process which is bundled, tied, and bound for my protection and my recovery and not my punishment as ordered by our Heavenly Father.”
“Chase.” She whispers and slowly darts her eyeballs, staring into his black tinted un-emotional pupils that glow against his pale translucent skin tone that is covered with the purple tinted vest.
“The vest is a unique heavenly tool of healing my outer physical scars on my skin and inside my heart organ as well as my inner organs and my internal emotions as I continue the future angel purpose as a devoted and loved guardian angel. Assignare is a new Latin term that you have seriously missed interpreted which means to mark out, not mark off.” “I…” do not know what to say.
“Do you not remember what the color of deep purple represents, little sister?” Chase questions softly.
The tiny hidden speaker sounds with a loud rock and roll sing. Her mobile telephone breaks the compassionate tension between Chase and Jan. She jerks the lip up on her leather purse and reaches down, grabbing her phone, noting the digital face of her best human friend Ginger on tiny screen. She leaps off the bed mattress and pads towards the closed door, whipping the phone on, slamming the cold metal on her cheekbone with a stern face and a soft timber, “Ginger.”
She pauses and listens to Ginger's voice on the other end of the phone.
Jan says. “I'm coming. Don’t panic there. I’m on my way to your house.” She cuts off the communication signal and holds her phone in the same hand, strolling beside Chase and then stops, touching the door knob.
Chase slowly spins around in place and stares at the back spine his human sister, speaking softly. “You have numerous heavenly studies and celestial obligations right here and right now as an angel, little sister.”
In front of the closed door, Jan releases the door knob and spins around, sneering at her sick angel brother. “Yeah, I do which are human ones! Because I am still a human girl for the time being until that other thing happens whenever. And my human obligations are to go and help my human friend Ginger,” she swings back around with a sneer and opens the door, slamming the wood shut, racing down the hallway towards the front door.

At 09:14 pm, on a new city street, at the Ginger's house, Jan slams the brakes on her used small subcompact automobile in bright blue and parks two blocks away from the house which is surrounded by an assortment of various colored trucks and cars for Ginger’s private social party. A party in which no other person should possess the knowing knowledge.
The house is properly labeled as a mansion with seven bedrooms, nine full sized bathrooms, a smelly library of ancient book stacks. A white tinted grand piano stands inside its own private room for tormenting the eardrums on Jan while Ginger cannot play a musical classical song from artist Mozart. A set of six garages hold five cars in various sizes and shapes including a full sized blue colored van, a red tinted sports car, a silver tinted four-door sedan, and a row of blue and yellow tinted road motorcycles for fun adventure and swift transportation around the woodlands or the city streets.
Jan exits her car with a gasp and races ahead towards red tinted wooden double doors, jerking on the door knob, finding the door locked. She back steps with a gasp of worry and dashes around the house, racing on top of the pink tinted sidewalk and stops at the rear on the house.
Individual hot, semi-naked female and male bodies run around the swimming pool with loud laughter or eat a plate of fresh food on top of the bar counter or slurp a cold beverage against the external wall on the patio.
The musical song is entitled Feliz Navidad had been recorded by Latin singer Jose Feliciano and loudly blasts out the Christmas Spanish words throughout the interior walls of the house and outside over the patio and into the neighbor’s back yard.
Some of the teenagers sing off key the famous words. “I want to wish you a Merry Christmas. I wanna wish you ...”
Fast as a bolt lightning, the musical song changes the lyrics and plays the musical song which is entitled Shinedown that had been recorded by Bully.
“All you’ll ever be is a faded memory of a bully. Make another joke while they hang around rope so lonely. Push them to the dirt till the words don’t hurt can you hear me…”
Then silent invades the air waves inside the house and around the patio as a group of wild teens finish the musical verse, without the musical notes. “No one’s gonna cry on the very day you die. You're a bully ...”
On top of the wet patio, Ginger appears and slams her face into the back spine on Jan, shouting out loud in panic, waving both her arms in the air and continues to scan the misbehaving teens. “Look at this fiasco inside my house, Jan! My mother and father are going to my person until I’m sixty-three years old. Who told them about my social party with Edgar?”
Jan spins around and gasps in shock at the new information, the nasty question, the group of wild teenagers and her angry friend Ginger.
Ginger sneers. “Why you tell all of them, Jan? I don’t know some of these faces. Who are all of these kids? What high school do they come from? Who are their parents?”
She exhales with annoyance and then remembers that she is an angel. She smiles. “Stay cool, Ginger. You got a great party going on here. Finally, you’ll have a nice reputation as a party girl.” Jan tries to make the best of a bad scene. Her brother Chase is a goody-goody angel and can help using his set of awesome heavenly powers to clean up Ginger’s party mess, after all her party members leaves.
Ginger busts into tears and worry, “I don’t want a party girl reputation. I want a fire truck rescue here. Go and stop them, Jan!” She turns and views the good-time uninvited wild party attendees.
“I got your back and your solution, girlfriend. First, let's get the kids away from the stereo equipment with the groovy loud musical songs, before one breaks something. Some bored teens will leave from here, without the music for dancing. Second, let's remove all the food tray. Then the other teens will leave your house, without the eats. Third, let's go and get the row of bottled beer. Why do you possess cases of bottled beer here at your house? You are a minor in the eyeballs of the law and you are underage too.”
Ginger turns with a gasp and hunts for the bottle of beer. “Beer! Are there bottles of beer here? Where’s the bottles of beer in here? My parents will kill me, figuratively. I’ll never leave the house again. My teen life is over with, Jan,” she sobs with tears of worry and panic and trouble from her parents.
She waves both of her arms in different directions and shouts out loud into Ginger's face. “Look! Go and remove all the food trays and cooler of cold drinks. The kids will leave your house. Then I’ll go and get Chase, who can help us clean up the mess long before your folks return back tomorrow afternoon. How’s that plan, Ginger?”
“Remove all the food trays and the drinks from the patio floor! Got it! Then they all leave my house.” Ginger bounces up and down on her pink tinted sequined flip-flops, turning to view the bar counter, racing ahead and then stops. She carefully lifts up each food tray and hugs the item against her breasts and her crooked arms, heading into the kitchen space to deposit of the used food.
Jan slowly spins around in place and views the wet patio, the manicured lawn grounds, the swimming pool, and each happy teen that enjoys the sea, land, and sky environment.
The sky environment represents a single or a pair of teens that waddle around the patio and inside each internal house room looking for more food stuffs. Nasty hostess Ginger is slowly removing each food tray and every cooler of cold beverages from each small and large outside table, entering back into the house, trashing each item.
The land environment shows a pair of teens kissing and necking on the outside patio furniture or on top of a fabric pillow from the sofa and chairs down on top of the wet ground or the dry dirt. Ginger returns from the house and then stops, surveying the first kissing couple, leaning down and snatches the sofa cushion with a growl. The surprised teen couple drops down onto the wet, rough patio floor, yelling back at Ginger.
The sea environment displays splashes with numerous puddles of chemical-coated water on top of the patio and each human body as a set of teens dive, swim, and then float inside the swimming pool while having a good time.
Jan continues to stand in place on top of the wet patio without assisting her friend Ginger and looks down, wiggling her ten naked toes inside her pair of summer sandals, slapping her pretty sundress with worry. She needs a change of clothes to help with the clean-up on the wet patio. Ginger possesses a second bathing suit in her bedroom on the second floor of her mansion. And Jan and Ginger are the same height, weight, and measurements. If Ginger needs assistance to remove each wild teen, then Jan needs the proper equipment consisting of a body bikini and a pair of flip-flops.
Jan starts to race around each wandering couple, every parked couple, and each huddle of laughing teens that stand or sit around the wet patio brick floor, entering the open archway at the living room, racing up the staircase. She dances and bumps into each kissing couple on each narrow step landing on top of the second level bedrooms.
Jan scoots between the last kissing couple on the floor and dashes into the closed door of Ginger’s private bedroom suit.
Ginger's bedroom is decorated in swan-ness or swan art as Ginger adores the Swan Lake Ballet dance performance. But she had dropped out of ballet at the age twelve years old before wearing a pair of painful pointy ballerina slips.
The Swan Lake Ballet had been created by Russian musician Tchaikovsky in the year 1876 and had featured four acts that told a Russian folk tale of Princess Odette. The princess is turned into a beautiful swan by the curse from an evil sorcerer. The rest of the ballet dancers dance around Odette, until she turns back into human form.
Jan slams the door shut inside the bedroom with an evil chuckle.
Ginger’s bed frame consists of four bed posters which swam cravings on the white tinted wood. A white colored swan floats in a puddle of baby blue water on top of the center rug. Each furniture piece matches her bed frame including a short and tall wooden chest and two nightstands. The surface of one nightstand holds a small lamp with a swam base and an old fashioned white tinted French telephone model for looks.
Each wall is painted in taupe hue which is a dark walnut color and tan ceiling moldings and floor baseboards. Her bed comforter is covered in gold and white hue of smooth satin design consisting of sideways wiggling lines running down the soft fabric.
The most useful item inside her bedroom is the swan vanity furniture which is a wooden piece with a low hanging vertical mirror that is built into the wood for viewing her beautiful body. The vanity furniture holds four drawers which are filled with her jewelry, makeup, and one secret item which is only known to Jan and Ginger.
Jan dashes ahead with a smile and stops, standing in front of the vanity piece, reaching down, twisting the ancient lock on the last drawer. The drawer opens and reveals a velvet covered green tinted pouch. She reaches inside and snatches up the pouch, flipping open the fabric, revealing a bikini. Jan places the exposed bikini on top of the vanity surface and then quickly undresses, dropping down her sundress with a smile.

At 10:12 pm under the sky of twinkling stars and bright rays of moonlight, at the swimming pool setting, Jan is the new guard dog of the non-planned teenly social party. Jan strolls around the overcrowded swimming pool and wears a two-piece aqua colored sequined body bikini that costs one thousand dollars.
Ginger’s parents own a banquet furniture company and provide numerous different types of eating tables and sitting chairs for all types of businesses through the USA. They do not travel for a scheduled assignment, only the furniture and furniture’s employees. Once in a while, her parents enjoy attending some of the newer popular promotional parties and this particular one included a giveaway prize, which was an expensive bikini for Ginger’s Mom, who has passed it down to her daughter Ginger.
On top of the wet pink tinted bricks, Ginger wears a pinkish-purple sparkling sequined bikini underneath a white colored beach cover as she cleans each spilled yellow tinted beer stains from the light patio brick, grunting with annoyance and her two bruised kneecaps.
The bottom piece on the sequined bikini is a thong. One of her pink tinted cheeks glow in nakedness. The aqua colored sequins cover the front of Jan and her two girly treasures with a set of spaghetti strings that is tied around her neck and back muscles. Each sequin flashes like a colorful gem from the bright patio lights.
In front of Jan, on the opposite wall, Edgar sits at the lip on the hot tub and wears a black thong as both of his cheeks are heating down in the steamy water.
Jan stops and giggles with excitement while admiringly at the handsome teen. His two eyeballs catch her spying as he sucks down the beer, dropping the bottle from his lips, motioning her towards him.
Jan giggles with excitement and waves her finger pads back near her smile at Edgar. He starts to suck down the beer and motions with his hand invitation to the hot tub.
Then the fanny of an unknown female teen appears and blocks the eye view on Edgar from Jan, shaking her fabric-covered cheeks up and down. She leans down and bad breathes in Edgar’s nostrils. He whispers something with a smile to the female. Then the female stands upright with a smile and spins around, moving away from Edgar, heading into the living room.
Edgar smiles at Jan and motions for her invitation back to the hot tub again. Her heart organ races with excitement and as she claps with passion. Then a cupped hand reaches out and touches Jan's collar bone.
Jan gasps in shock and spins around, staring at Ginger.
Ginger busts into tears again and points down at the patio floor. “Jan, someone has puked up and vomited out their green stuff on top of the living room floor, she looks down and gasps in shock at the aqua colored bikini. “What are you doing wearing that thing? Never thee mind!” She looks up and sneers at Jan. “Someone has vomited up green puke in the dining room floor. Go and get the floor mop and hand detergent and clean it up, pronto!” She turns and views the remaining teens with confusion. “I did what you had recommended and moved all the food tray, cooler of cold beverages, and scattered bottles of beer, Jan.” She gasps in horror and views a row of new beer bottles. “I got rid of those things. I swear. Who are these teens? I recognize some of the boys from our local high school but not all of those pretty girls. Are they all of your friends, Jan?”
“No, I don’t know any of these kids.” Jan leans around a tall Ginger and smiles at Edgar. He sucks down the beer and slaps his chest with a nod. She nods back in silence code and then answers Ginger. “Yeah, yeah, sure thing, Ginger! I’ll go and clean up the nasty puke for you.”
Ginger huffs with annoyance and spins around, moving into the kitchen space, shouting out loud with fury. “I’m calling the police force. I want all of these teen brats gone from my house. They’re destroying everything. I thought I saw something illegal on top of the bar counter near the swimming pool. Do you know what a marijuana joint looks like, Jan?”
“No.” Jan continues to stand in place and winks at Edger. He slaps his chest and winks back at Jan. Jan slowly strolls ahead and points to her chest with soft laughter. “Sure thing, Ginger! I am right on top of it, Ginger.”
Ginger huffs with annoyance entering the kitchen space while ignoring the bottles of beer and Jan.
Jan strolls ahead and wiggles all the aqua sequins and her two exposed pink tinted cheeks toward Edgar on a pair of matching sequined flip-flops. He smiles and pats an empty spot in-between his legs on top of the lid. White steam blocks his face and then rises in the warm air. She stops and stands near his arm, figuring out how to place her two naked feet into that tiny spot.
He scoots backwards from the edge on the hot tub and stops, spreading his two thigh bones wider, tenderly patting a bigger spot on top of the hard concrete for her two naked cheeks. The free hand holds the sweaty beer.
Jan steps her first set of tippy toes on her right feet in the air and then down onto the empty spot. Edgar firmly grabs her ankle bone for support. She feels heated and heavenly from his cool touch, placing her second set of tippy toes in the air and down onto the empty spot. she turns to face the tub water and slowly squats down, landing down on my naked butthole while caressing his muscular chest then squiggle sexy with my lower body into his hard body.
Her delicate pink tinted skin swelters from the heated water drifting up from the hot tub unit and hits her legs, both two hip bones, her tummy, her chest, and her face. She sniffs up a spicy sandalwood and lemon fragrance that comes his sweat. Jan reaches down and wiggles her ten toe bones and her ankle bones into the hot steamy water, creating a set of small rips.
Edgar wraps one arm around her body and traps Jan into his chest offering a sip of his beer. “Do you wanna sip of my ice-cold beer, sweetie?”
She can’t see his face but giggles with a smile. “No thank you, kindly, sir.”
He slowly dips his lips down near her naked neck, sweet breathing against her collar bone, but not touching her skin. She giggles in hotness and roasts within her angel body, feeling loving passion within her human mind.
He grabs her hand and cups the limb into his open palm, lifting her hand near his smile, slowly kissing each one of her knuckles, twisting her wrist bone towards his mouth. He sucks on her heated skin. She burns with hot desire in her heart and on her face, both arms, and two legs from his hot touch and the heated water.
Edgar entwines his arm and her arm like a flower vine into her chest. She feels his cool skin on her heated skin. He leans his chest muscles into her back spine while whispering softly. “You’re hot, babe!”
Jan feels hot both inside and outside her biological body and as her face sweats with numerous water bubbles and her neck releases a series of rolling sweat drops that hits her breasts. Both of her arms and legs tingle with a set of anticipated pin-pricking bumps that are about to explode with a series of sweat glands. Her body smells with bad odor and as her mind becomes dizzy like she has caught a medical un-health germ inside her nostrils. She exhales with heat, “I’m so hot.”
He hugs her closer. She feels his cool chest cavity lean down into her sweaty back spine. His fingers tickle each one of her girly parts.
Jan slightly smiles and as her body temperature quickly escalates into a series of sizzling heat bumps up and down her skin tissue coming up from her teen naked toe bones and slams into her wet hair roots. She jerks her upper torso away from his chest and drops her feet down into the heated water, standing upright, slowly exiting the hot tub with worry. She races away with a sweaty face from Edgar and the hot tub towards the pool changing room.
Edgar continues to sit and smiles at the back spine on Jan. “You’re hot, babe.”
Jan tumbles inside a half-bathroom with a toilet and one wash sink beside the kitchen setting, slamming the door shut, slowly fumbling with the door lock shut. She secures her sweaty body and dizzy mind inside the enclosed tiny room, swinging around, tripping over her feet. she limps ahead and stops in front of the wash sink, staring into the reflection mirror. Her pink skin exponentially glows in a rose hue, then a neon orange, then an auburn tint, then fiery red color, and finally a crimson colored sunburn.
She touches the mirror and then touches the sunburn on her face as a plume of white vertical stream drifts from her face. She whispers. “Fever.” Her hand slips down and pours out sweat ball touching the wash sink, tumbling sideways, slipping down towards the hard tile floor.
A set of cold hands appear and reach out, grabbing her arm. “Jan.”
The she faints into his open arms.

At 10:43 pm, inside the bedroom, Jan opens her eyeballs and stands upright on top of the wooden floor, leaning against a hard chest of steel. She spins around and pulls back gasping in shock, staring at Edgar.
He measures five feet and five inches in height, a head of slicked back black tinted hair forming into a long-tied ponytail down his back spine, a heart shaped face, a pair of thick black tinted hairy sideburns, and a tone of beige-rosy skin tissue. A set of ripped muscles outlined a white tinted sleeveless tee shirt over a pair of walking shorts and a pair of naked feet. His eyeballs roam up and down her semi-naked body that still wears the aqua colored sequined bikini. He reaches out and touches her face with a smile.
She wobbles side to side and touches her forehead, “I feel so hot. Your hands are so cool on my body.” She closes her two eyelashes and touches each one of her cheekbones with her pair of sweaty hands, feeling a weakened state to stand.
Edgar pulls Jan into his naked chest and smiles at her heated face. “The event is called White Fever, sugar.”
She slowly speaks from her sweaty body. “Your body feels cold like an Arctic wave. Touch me again!” He wraps both of his arms around her body while supporting her upright balance, keeping Jan from tumbling face first on top of the wooden floor.
“I feel feverish. I do not understand.” She feels dizzy, tired, and hot.
He laughs with a grin in her sweaty face. “The last symptom of the White Fever, right before your wings pop out.”
“My wings are coming.” She opens her eyelashes and stares into his smile. “How do you know that?
“Birds of a feather flock together or some other human nonsense saying.” Edgar laughs.
“Human,” she feels dizzy, exhausted, and hot.
“Or maybe we had initiated the saying first and then the humans copied it from us by miscommunication,” he softly chuckles.
“Who is us?” She touches her with her other hand and views steams of white smoke as the heat sizzles on top of her skin, since Jan feels heated like a fever throughout her entire body.
He tilts his jaw line and smiles at Jan. “How do I say this convincingly? O yes! I have passed my Opus Sanctorum Angelorum too.”
“Are an angel?” She cannot concentrate on a mental thought and form a completed sentence consisting of a noun, a verb, and an adjective.
He chuckles. “You are a smart little bonny lass. I’m an angel from heaven like you. I had guessed your originals, right after your angel brother had disappeared and then swiftly left his high school and the Fitness Center; but your parents had stayed. It’s always the same old routine. Parents are good-looking, smart, careful, and cautious, and aid every sorry human way too much for their own good, since an angel is birthed to do that thing, because a sorry human does not give a hoot about the other sick or helpful humans, only all the other earthly things, such like pleasure, passion, and playtime. I like you as my new playmate, Jan. Or do you prefer for me to use your cute pet name, Jam? We click just fine as those Southern people like to shout. What do you think about my proposal, Jam?”
“Me and you.”
“Me and you.” Edgar reaches down and grabs her waistline with both of hands gently lifting Jan up from the floor, shuffling her towards the bed mattress with a red tinted bed comforter. He whispers into her face. “Your elevated body temperature heat has triggered an angel fever releasing inside your body prostaglandin E2. The angel fever works like a medical thermostat increasing the human bio-shell body temperature through an active generation of heat that retains your built-up heat-ness or hotness, in this case.
“Vasoconstriction is inside your beautiful body reducing the heat loss through your delicate pink skin tissue. This is why you are sweating like a farm pig. And it causes you to feel cold here.” He lifts up both of her hand and stops, messaging each one of her shoulder blades behind her back spine, moving both of his hands down from her twin collar bones to her waistline with his pair of ice-cold fingers. She visually shivers from heat and cold. He nods with a smile. “The shoulder blade is the spot where your pair of angel wings lay inside the skin tissue and almost ready to inflate into their glorious existence as a pretty baby girl angel. The hot and cold shivering motion is the last sign, right before the explosion of your angel wings. When the fever stops, you pop!” He growls into her eardrum. “Normally, in a human body, if both the fever and the shivers are present, then the human will overheat within its own chemical body, experiencing a heat stroke and then dies here on the planet. But, you an are an angel with a set of awesome angel gifts.”
“Me and you.” She burns with fever and dizziness.
Edgar lifts Jan up from the floor and moves ahead, carrying her towards the bed mattress, assisting her on top of the red tinted satin bed cover. She slides her fanny over the smooth fabric with a dizzy headache. He smiles into her face. “The best formation for the explosion of your new wings is flat down on your stomach, since your wings come out from your back spine.” She does not react. Edgar leaps from the floor, in the air, and then lands down on top of the bed mattress, wiggling on top of his kneecaps with his two flat and palms in the middle of the bed. “Come over here and lay your body on top of my body, precious. I can cool your body skin down to a mild sunburn.”
She reaches out and stretches her body flat and lies against his abdomen, his two legs, his two thigh bones, his two knees, and his two ankle bones. She feels instantly cool-ness protection and safe on top of Edgar.
He reaches up and shifts both of her lengthwise over his hair roots, guiding her ten finger pads towards the wooden bed headboard on one of each smooth column whispering into her face. “It is best to grab and hold both of your fingers onto each column during the upcoming pre-historical angel event.” He lifts up and kisses her sweaty forehead, releasing her hand, placing both of his arms on the small part of her back spine.
“You feel cold, not warm or hot.” Jan stutters from the White Fever as her body feels intense pains inside her organs, bones, nerves, and blood veins while wiggling both of her arms and legs a few inches from his two legs in the air. She jolts forward her entire sweaty body over his thighs, hips, waist, and then powerfully rams her breasts into his hard chest while continuously wiggling out of control.
He grunts into her sweaty face. “Round one, kitten.”
Her body scorches in heated pain and as Jan rake her two breasts, her rib cage and her two legs over his cool body parts while continuously wiggling out of control.
“Keep it up, sweetie!”
“Aw!” She slightly smiles in pain and pleasure at her new body sensation with Edgar. Her blood boils hotly inside her chest, her mind, and her soul. She flings downwards against him while wiggling out of control.
He grunts with a grin, “Thrust, kiddo.”
“Aw!” She experiences pleasure and pain while sweating water, panting heavy out of breath. Her entire body forcefully drives down into each one of his body parts continuously out of control.
He pants and shouts into her eardrum. “Harder, baby!”
“Aw!” She vocally elates with passionate and painful emotions, searing within her heated sweat and heavy panting sound. Her entire body pushes with a hardy shove against his entire body while wiggling out of control.
He pants hardier and sweats out from his own sweet body odor, “Faster, darling!”
“Aw!” Her body slides faster back and forth horizontally against his entire body. Then her body sweat in fiery heat and then shivers in coldness ice, burning with the White Fever.
“Go, baby!” He yells into her eardrum and sweat in her heat, exhaling and then inhaling with shallow puff of oxygen with a goofy smile.
“I feel…” Her heat-ness brushes up against his coolness over and over again and as she feels excite in feelings of pleasure and pain while pouring out buckets of wet sweat from her face, her two breasts, her two arms, her two legs, and both soles on her naked feet.
“Hit me, again, cutie!” He screams into her eardrum which cools her fever with his icy breath and a pair of cold hands that continuous roam from her twin collar bones down to her two hip bones.
“I’m coming!” She feels hot desire. Sweaty water flings from her entire and covers both of them on top of the smooth satin bed comforter and each bedroom column. Her entire body rides forward a wave of sultry heat and a blistering fever that covers her body and his smiling face.
“Do it, girl!” He growls with a grin. Then a soft pop echoes from Jan. He shouts out loud with a smile and opens his eyeballs staring at Jan. “Hallelujah!”
Her mind is at peace. Her body is coated in wet sweat and her feelings are emotional pleasure, not any more pain of suffering. Jan drops down and rests on top of his sweaty body with a smile, deeply breathing with happiness.
Her new pair of angel wings are revealed coming out from her back spine. She flings both of her arms and legs in the air off his body, panting with fear, breathing a series of shallow breathe while snipping air with her exposed pink tinted tongue for oxygen.
Edgar reaches down and gently rubs her sweaty neck and her shoulder bone in a relaxing fluid motion with his pair of cold, refreshing ten finger pads.
She reaches back with one hand and touches her back spine, feeling the object, screaming out loud in horror. “A horn! I feel a single horn. I possess a pair of devil horns, not a pair of angel wings.”
“No, love!” He chuckles and leans up, biting her jaw line, nipping her skin and pulls back whispering in her face. “You are feeling a nub, not a horn. Wait for it! Your pair of angel wings must grow out like a stalk of tall corn up towards the heavens and then expand outwards like a rose bush with prickly thorns into a pair of two beautiful objects of pure white hue with both desire and pleasure.”
She grunts in confusion and feels her blood pressure rise. The heat is building and pain is intense pain. A sizzled heat band dances across her two shoulders blades and then drops down, following her back spine. Jan burns with a new fever and screams out loud in more pain.
Edgar wraps one curved bicep around her sweaty neck and the other arm around her fit waistline whispering into her eardrum. “Second round, kitten.” He licks her wet cheekbone with his delicious tongue, plowing his sweet lips into her open mouth, playing with her tongue. He pulls out and watches Jan with lust, love, and pleasure.
“Ugh!” She shouts out in pain and as her body involuntarily rocks side to side. She feels the tug of the two short nubs slowly and painfully growing out from its sharp tips and forms two individual larger, rounded bump.
He reaches out and grabs, holding both of her arms against each side of his rib cage with a smile, “Hang on, darling!”
“Ugh!” She shivers in a sizzling heat and then shakes violently in pain, wiggling sideways on top of his naked chest, his two hip bones, and his two legs.
“Shake it off, sweetie!” He hugs her body closer into his chest making them as one.
“Ugh!” She snarls from the pain and as her angel wings swiftly grows up high and then down low and then sideways in length and width. Her wicked dance movements flow sideways and slides pleasurably over a sweaty Edgar.
“Rock me, pet!” He drapes both of his arms and legs around her body rocking them side to side as he experiences lust and pleasure, leaning up, tickling her eardrum with his tongue.
“Ugh!” She grunts in exhaustion with worry and passion of fire and ice. Her pair of growing angel wings slowly extends down towards her rear of her kneecaps and then down towards her ankle bones as each soft angel feather tickles her curved back spine, her waistline, her two exposed butt cheeks, her two sweaty calves continuing fall down her rear facing naked toes all in intense pain.
“Go girl!” He smiles and sways their two entwined bodies to side for her comfort and protection.
“Almost there!” Her angel soft feathers tickle her naked feet like her mother soft angel feather on her angel wings tickling her finger tips.
“Dance for me, sweetheart!” His body covers her body in heavy sweat.
Jan collapses her upper torso down into his open arms while feeling peace and heated sweat which produces a sizzling steam of boiling water and a sweet smell of sandalwood and lemon from his body which is coupled with her new angel body odor in lavender and lilies. She whispers into his eardrum. “Good odor!”
“Angels smell pretty, even bad ones.” He chuckles and reaches up, lifting up her face, leaning over and kisses her sweet lips. She returns the yummy kiss with more intensively as their mouth tongues fight and then play for domination.
They slowly surface with a mouth of lip spittle and smile at each other.
Jan laughs. “I am finally an angel.”
“You’re hot, angel!” Edgar smiles and smacks her lips, pulling back with a goofy smile at each other.
“I’m cool, angel.” She grins.
He reaches out and touches one of her wing arches with his set of cool finger tips with a nod, “You are beautiful, angel.” He lovingly caresses one soft feather and then gently strokes his finger tips down towards the next vane feather, moving carefully to the next one.
Jan experiences tingles, tinkles, and giggles as each good sensation bombards her nerves, mind, and her heart from his tender feather touch. He stops the feather caress and removes his hand, shifting both of his hands above his hair roots.
Jan takes the subtle hint and shuffles off the vertical body on Edgar, crawling backwards and then slides off the bed mattress, standing on top of the hard floor. She looks down with a gasp and views her bikini, spinning around, staring at the red tinted satin bed comforter which is coated in set of scattered tiny aqua colored sparkles. “I lost all the sequins.”
He slides off the mattress with a smile and stands in front of Jan while admiring her wings, smiling. “You can put back all of the glittering sequins back on the naked bikini with your new angel supernatural abilities.”
“How?” She returns back and frowns at him.
He extends his hand in the air and nods with a grin. “Gimme your hand.” She lifts up and arches her fingers with a giggle of silliness. He gently touches her hand with his cool digits as her skin burns with lust. He leans down and kisses each one of her knuckles, lifting up his chin and winks at her.
Her heart skips a beat and as she lifts up her other hand in the air, feeling her flip-flapping stomach muscles with pleasure and lust.
He leans down and licks each knuckle on her other hand, raising up his chin, lifting up her index finger in the air. He leans down and lick her finger pad, spinning her wet finger towards her face with a nod. “Close your eyes.”
Jan obeys. He gently touches her wet finger pad into her chest below her throat and softly presses the soft pad against her skin, whispering the words. “Replace sequins.” He glides her finger pad down the middle of her chest in-between her breasts, her rib cage, on her belly naval, and then stops at the top of her bikini thong with an evil laugh. An array of soft musically pings and pongs sound through the air waves and then carefully attack and then attack into her naked bikini. Jan giggles from the tickling sensation. Edgar looks up and continues to hold her index finger in the air, “Open your eyes.”
She opens her eyelashes and stares into his brown eyeballs, whipping her chin downwards, viewing her bikini. The rays of bright sunlight make each sequin glittering in the air. She gasps in shock and turns to view the long wall, seeing the glass window. “I see sunlight. The time is daylight that shows outside the glass window.”
He views the glass window. “The time is around six am…”
“We’ve been together all night. I’m in so much…”
He returns back and smiles at her rear skull. “Wings explosion on an angel is both long and dangerous. We don’t do anything wrong, Jan. Usually, an angel deals with the pain and angst all alone but I was here for you, baby.”
She returns back and frowns at Edgar, “Alone!”
On the first floor level, a loud voice shouts out loud that echoes into the second floor level, “Ginger!”
Jan turns and views the closed door recognizing the room and returns back, frowning with worry to Edgar. “We’re still located inside Ginger’s home. We’re in major trouble now. Okay! You are not in trouble here, Edgar. Ginger’s parents do not allow a stranger to stay overnight at their house, much less a boy.”
Edgar reaches out and squeezes both her collar bones, shifting both of his hands down her back spine and stops, squeezing her individual elbow bones, nodding with a smile. “You are an angel. I am an angel. We are a pair of angels. Do you not remember? You or I will not be in trouble from a human,” he leans over and kisses her lips, before she can disagree. He pulls back and smiles into her eyeballs. “You possess angel powers now. If you think the item you want, then it will happen like angel magic. Close your eyes, baby!”
Jan obeys and mentally thinks: blue jean skirt, pink halter top with the rows of tiny ruffles, blue jean high heels. She hears a soft pop sound and feel the cold air currents shift the invisible winds around her angel form with a pair of inflated wings. She opens her two eyelashes and looks down at her body. A new set of clothes covers the one-thousand-dollar bikini. She looks up and smiles at Edgar.
He looks down and smiles at her chosen attain, looking up and nods. “That is very nice,” He leans over and kisses her lips, pulling back with a smile. “Squat down!”
She frowns in silence.
He laughs. “Bend down at the knees. I’m using my angel magic and set your beautifully body outside near the one-hundred-year-old tree, leaving this house.” She nods with a smile in silence. He smiles. “Close your eyes, sugar.” Edgar holds both her arms and leans over, kissing her lips.
Chapter 16


Thursday, May 23rd


Ginger’s house location
   (Ten blocks from Jan's house)
Grass lawn setting
06:32 am
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and parted clouds


Angel Jan is 17 years, 07 months, 09 days, 06 hours, 32 minutes, 44 seconds, 10,006 milliseconds, and counting forward.
She materializes in the bright light and opens her eyelashes, falling down on her naked kneecaps, extending both of her palms and plops down on the wet grass. She giggles from the unexpected move and stands upright on top of the wet grass, turning to view the line of trees, the parked cars, the city street, and the neighbors. No one is outdoors to spy on her angel landing.
She returns back with a gasp and races towards the front porch on Ginger's house, turning with confusion to view a line of three black and white tinted police cars with a set of the red and blue colored flashing lights and a set of red flashing lights on top of two medical ambulances. A row of parked white tinted stretchers on top of manicured yard lawn and two yellow tinted fire trucks with a ladder is parked on the opposite side of the same city street.
A gang of medical personnel wears a red-tinted uniform and stands on the grass lawn, the city street, and the vanilla colored sidewalk in front of Ginger’s house.
Jan returns back and climbs the bricked steps, seeing an open archway, dashing inside an empty foyer setting and then stops. She stands away from the scattered huddles of crowd inside a destroyed living room setting. 
Ginger’s mom and dad are sitting on top of the wooden floor and wear a pair of silver tinted waist cuffs with each curved arm wrapped around their back spine. Each face stares up at a hand pistol from a Birmingham blue colored uniformed police officer.
In the single row of officers, the lead police officer nods down the hair roots on each one of her parents. “You are being arrested for the possession of narcotics which are presented in these plastic bags of marijuana, serving alcohol to a group of high school minors, possession of illegal weapons including two non-registered shotguns and finally numerous noise violations coming from your neighbors. Please stand, folks!” Ginger's mom and dad is assisted with a police officer and then slowly spins around, exiting their home for the police station.
The same police officer with a head of black and gray colored hair continues to stare at each face on Ginger's mom and dad. “Take each parent to a separate police car. Read each parent their American rights and then book each parent for the named criminal charges.” The police officer nods in silence to the lead officer, spinning around, gently shoving Ginger’s mom and dad towards the open archway.
A female police officer and Ginger shuffles in front of the lead police officer, presenting an item to her supervisor, nodding with a stern face. “I have found her Alabama driver’s license. She is eighteen years old, sir.”
The lead police officer accepts the item and studies the presented license, looking up at the red swollen face on Ginger, tapping the license against his open palm, frowning. “Was your birthday party held here last night, Ginger?” She nods in silence. He exhales with disappointment. “Well then, you are in big trouble, kiddo.”
She shakes her red tinted curls and shouts out loud in panic and fear. “Those drugs and guns that you have found here at my house. I mean, this the house of my parents. I and my parents and we don’t own the drugs and the guns. Those unfamiliar kids brought them to my party without my permission. I mean they came here without my parents’ permission also. We don’t know guns. Check around the house! Go upstairs and invade my bedroom. You will not find a drug or a gun, sir.” Ginger looks down and sobs with tears that shine in her eye sockets on the glass on her framed eyeglasses.
The officer shakes his bone skull. “Kiddo, let me explain to you the situation here quickly. It does not matter if the drugs and guns belong to you or not. The drugs and the guns are two illegal items that are located inside your house. That’s a crime making you a criminal, since you have just turned eighteen years old, which is the legal age of wrongness or rightness. So your adulthood age affect your good or bad judgment. I am so sorry, kiddo. Take and book her for the same charges like her parents too.”
“No!” Ginger looks up and screams out loud at the lead police officer. The female officer cuffs Ginger and then the teen around to face Jan.
Ginger looks up with a gasp and shouts at Jan. “Jan, where were you? I had looked for you everywhere in the house, outside at the patio, in the yard. I needed your help with the wild teens. The party had gotten out of control. You had disappeared off the planet. I counted on you to guard my back.”
Jan continues to stand and exhales with worry, staring with shock at her best friend Ginger. “I got sick. I left the party. I couldn't ...”
The female police officer pushes Ginger through the open archway. Ginger exits into the front porch and shouts out loud in fury at her best friend. “Thanks for nothing, Jan!” She quietly moves off the front porch and enters the police car worrying about her teenly life of crime and prison.
Inside the foyer setting, Jan exhales with annoyance and spins around, exiting the house, walking over the grass in the bright, heated sunlight with a smile. She slowly strolls towards her parked car.
“Jan!” Her dad appears on top of the manicured lawn and approaches his daughter.
She looks up and then stops, smiling at her father. He stops and stands in front of his daughter. “Are you alright? Ginger said on the telephone that she couldn’t find you here at her party last night. I was worried too. you didn't answer your mobile telephone. What happened to you, Jan. I came here after I had followed the loud sounds from the numerous fire trucks and medical ambulances. I didn’t know…”
“Dad!” She bounces up and down with happiness. “I’m fine. I’m not involved in this mess here at Ginger's nasty and criminal party. I promise. I wasn’t here when this mess happened. Ginger isn’t the nice girl I thought she was.” Her dad nods in silence. She continues to bounce up and down with happiness. “Let’s go home using the non-traditional way, Dad. I have something really, really important to show you.”
He looks down at the grass and then up to see her eyeballs, nodding in silence, turning to view the open archway on Ginger's house. He returns back and smiles at Jan. “You finally have them.”
She dances side to side and nods with a smile with excitement. “Yes, Dad! I finally have them.”
Her dad leans over and hugs his daughter, pulling back, turning to see the open archway which is empty of humans
The line of police cars are slowly leaving the house, steering down the city street with each criminal in the rear seat.
Her dad returns back and winks at Jan, reaching out, touching her naked arm, “Hold on! We travel our way.” Then they shimmer in a white tinted light which matches the rays of bright sunlight and then disappears from the grassy lawn of Ginger's house without fanfare.

At 07:07 am, at the Seymore Household, inside the living room setting, Jan materializes and lands down on top of the floor, viewing each one of the daisy-covered sofas, a matching chair and a loveseat. She shuffles away from her dad and stops, standing in place, closing her two eyelashes. A faint sound of pop echoes into the quiet room. Her new pair of white tinted angel wings measure thirteen feet in height consisting of soft feathers explodes beautifully in the air, fluttering side to side. Jan slowly spins a completed circle and then stops, standing back in front of her father. “Do you see my new angel wings, Dad?”
“Congratulations! You are official a full-fledged angel, Jan.” He does not hug her angel body but smiles with a nod of happiness.
She turns and notes the emptiness throughout the human house, without the string of loud words from her angel mother and the presence of her angel brother using her new awesome angel powers. Jan returns back and frowns at her dad, “Where is Chase?” She ignores asking about her angel mom. Chase had told Jan the heavenly truth yesterday that their angel mom should not have displayed her angel wings to a human. So, Jan has learned from her mother's devious devil lesson.
Her dad continues to stand and admires Jan's angel wings. “Chase has received a new angel assignment. He left his bedroom about an hour ago. Are you ready for your angel purpose, Jan? In the real realm, we don’t use a pretend nickname like Jam. You are to use your proper name of Jan, the newest guardian angel.”
“Yes, sir.” She nods with a stern face.
He nods. “Your body will be shimmery very soon now, since Central is alerted to your new inflated status. You will be briefed on your angel purpose by arch-angel Michael and then assigned to your first angel job and then tested like your angel brother Chase. The angel test will fly very swiftly, dear. You must be alert and aware of everything around your angel body, Jan. You will only receive one chance at your angel purpose.”
She frowns. “But Chase came back to us and had received a ...”
“Pink!” He looks down and stares at her white tip with confusion. “You are pink.”
She dances side to side and nods with a smile. “Thank you! I’m happy and blushing in pink hue with my joy and contentment, Dad. My face must be glowing from my pink …”
“... feather ...” he squats down and points at the object on her wing tip. “Hmm! You have a pink tinted angle feather hanging off the tiny tip of your new solid white tinted angel wing on the left side. Spin around for me, dear!”
Jan gasps in shock and looks back over her collar bone trying to see her wing tip, without success. Each angel wing is too long and too wide. She slowly spins around and frowns with worry. “I thought all angel feathers were coated in white hue. Isn’t that right, Dad?”
He doesn’t touch the pink tinted feather but examines carefully the item. “Did you accidentally brush against something, Jan? I remembered my personal angel wing explosion was sudden and scary as I found myself inside a forest all alone and scared. But I had dropped down into a clearing pasture grass land, without a cow turd.” He laughs. Jan giggles. Her dad frowns at the pink tinted feather on her wing tip. “Did you touch a plant flower or tree branch while your new angel wings that were growing out from one of your tiny nubs with her flurry feathers, dear?” He continues to view the pink feather and frowns at the item.
She smiles. “No, Dad! I raced outside the house and then hid inside a high row of tall green tinted plant bushes. But the bushes were covered with pink tinted flowers...
“I thought Ginger’s mom planted yellow tinted rose bushes,” he continues to squat and views the pink tinted angel feather without touching it.
“Yeah, she did. But I had to hide inside a row of pink colored rose bushes in the neighbor's year. I mean I had to hide really fast. So yeah! I had accidentally touched something and I remembered the flower petal as very soft and beautifully fragranced like lemon …”
“What! A sour lemon is not sweetly fragranced.”
She frowns with annoyance and angry. “What are you doing down there near my wing tip, Dad?”
He smiles at the pink feather without touching it. “Pluck it ...”
“…like a farm chicken...”
“…more like a bird with a defe…” her dad gasps with a smile and then reaches out and touches the pink father. “All right! Stand still! This will not hurt, Jan. I will simply grab the item and pull it out.” He yanks on the feather as Jan yelps out loud from the slight pain. He jerks the feather from her wing tip. “I got it! Are you okay, Jan?”
“Yes, sir.” She wiggles side to side in slight pain and fakes a smile, swinging around, facing her dad.
He slowly stands upright from the floor and presents the pink feather in the air, examining the color with puzzlement. “The angel feather is very pink hue.” He lifts his chin and winks at Jan. “Well, that rose petal you swiped is happy also. When our precious angel wings touch a living object, the object becomes actually blessed by heaven in a celestial sense, of course. That rose petal will live for decades to come from that heavenly blessing which is part of our angel magic,” he winks with a smile at his daughter. “If an angel feather falls out from one of both of our angel wings, then each feather disintegrates into a cloud of soft yellow tinted dust and then float up in the air waves, until landing back down on the earth soil. This pink tinted feather has not disintegrated here in the air wave, because it is defec ...”
"Dangerous!" She stares at the pink tinted feather with fear. “Is that feather dangerous to or on me, Dad?”
He shakes his bone skull, “No danger here, dear. It’s just odd to see. I have seen lots of strange things here on Earth. This is very odd, indeed. I’ll burn it in an earth fire on top of the earth soil. We must keep our angel magic away from the fragile but curious humans. We don’t want to be responsible for encouraging evil down here on God’s green pastures.”
Jan nods with a smile. “No, Dad!” Then her body shimmies in pretty rainbow colors and then faintly outlines in a pink tinted female and starts to fade into nothingness. 
He smiles at his angel daughter. “It is okay. Central is calling for you up there in heaven, Jan. I love you, angel.”
“I love you, too, Dad.” She smiles and waves a final goodbye with her hand and then her body disappears from her human house.


Chapter 17


Heaven with infinity space and time
Outer space darkness with cold temperatures without stars


After a short meeting with her new angel assignment and new guardian angel instructions with arch-angel Michael, new guardian angel Jan materializes on top of the fluffy cloud transport and wears a pair of white tinted hiking boots over her set of pink-painted toenails, a white long-sleeved tee shirt over her pink tinted skin and a pair of white trousers over her legs which is her official guardian angel gear. And finally, she possesses a white tinted mobile telephone that hang onto her white tinted battle vest which is used only for a celestial emergency. A newbie young angel needs a tool for calling help or their pair of angel parents.
Jan whips the straight-lined and silver tinted angel sword around the air waves with loud laughter and then stores the sword back down into her leather long pouch hanging tight onto her leg muscle. She impatiently waits for the life angel that carries a new soul baby coming down from heavenly nursery at their designated meeting spot as ordered by arch-angel Michael.
Jan had missed seeing teen angel Argus during her private meeting with his powerful angel father.
On top of the transport white tinted cloud, she whispers for her eardrums only with a smile. “Maybe, the next time, I visit heaven for my new assignment.” Jan looks down and admires the finger-painting job with a stem of pink tinted roses, where she had colorfully etched from the tip on her angel sword when she was bored.
She exhales with loneliness and misses Edgar and his funny personality. He likes Jan too.
Edgar had not mentioned his angel duty on the Earth plane with his human ward, which was probably one of their high school mates, who had attended Ginger's nasty criminal teenly party on last night.
Jan does not miss her two human friends Paisley or Ginger and feels guilty that Ginger is in major criminal trouble. As a new angel, Jan might be able or maybe possibly help human Ginger which is part of the angel thing, if Jan asks her angel supervisor for permission.
However, her current and new angel purpose is to escort the new baby soul inside the cloud transport flying down to Planet Earth and lands down inside the physical human house of the mother-to-be. 
She looks up at the dark field of bright stars that covers the heaven plane with a gasp and sees the life angel and a glowing pink tinted soul inside the cloud transport for the human mother-to-be on Planet Earth. Jan exhales with boredom and her angel purpose. For eternity, Jan will watch over a new soul baby as the new human baby vomits up its cooked food and then grows into adulthood with major emotional and physical problems and then finally executes its death day while the new guardian angel watches in boredom. Then Jan will receive a new baby soul and repeat the same angelic process again and again. She whispers for her eardrums only, “My job is never done. I will get another soul and another soul and another soul,” she exhales with disappointment.
Jan ponders her angel guard duties and her guard life hearing a set of annoying squawking noises that break up my nightmare, seeing the life angel. She stands in place and waves her free hand in the air to identify her status as the new guardian angel to the soul baby.
The life angel possesses a pixie cut of blonde hair, a tone of pale skin, a pair of hazel eyeballs, and stands five feet and two inches in height, wearing robes in pink hue without displaying her fingers, hands, toes, and feet. She slowly drifts down to Jan and then gently lands on top of the shared cloud transport, looking down at the baby soul in pink hue.
Jan gasps in shock. “Mom! Is that you, Mom?”
Her angel mom is a new life angel and stands on top of the cloud transport, looking up, staring with a stern face at the new guardian angel. “I am not technically your biological angel mother. You must address me as angel, Jan.”
“Mom, you had birthed and delivered me into the Earth world.”
Her mother frowns. “On Planet Earth, I had been your angel mother. Now, I am a life angel. Do your angelic duty, new guardian angel?” She wiggles her hand and starts the silence motor on the cloud transport, slowly descending the angel vehicle in a downward pattern towards Planet Earth.
Jan frowns and recalls one of her dumb angel lessons. A life angel is the lowest angel on the celestial pole, until each one has completed their mission about one million times successfully. If a life angel does not successful complete their angel mission, then Jan wonders what will happens to a life angel. After numerous successes, each life angle is promoted to another circle within the circle of something of something.
On top of the slow-moving cloud transport traveling through the outer space dark waves and downwards towards a bright round sphere of Planet Earth, Jan continues to stand in silence on the opposite side from her mother and exhales with more boredom. Once the cloud transport lands down inside the human bedroom, Jan will receive a new set of angel instructions as the guardian angel to the earth-bound human soul.
“Third round, kitten!” A male voice shouts out loud coming from the mobile telephone hanging onto Jan's battle vest.
On top of the slow-moving cloud transport, Jan spins around and scans the outer space stars and then looks down, staring at her attached mobile telephone on her battle vest with puzzlement.
The life angel looks up and scans the skyline of stars, pointing at the flying object, shouting out loud in panic. “Crimson Tail!”
Jan spins around and faces an unfamiliar angel with a pair of gigantic wings that are covered in ninety-nine percent crimson hue starting out on top of each wing arch extending downwards to a tiny half-inch section of pure white color on each wing tip.
The Crimson Tail turns upright and slowly descends booted feet first targeting the slow-moving cloud transport with Jan, her angle mom, and the ball of pink hue which is the soul baby.
Jan cringes in fear and continues to stare at the Crimson Tail, reaching down for her angel sword, lifting the heavy weapon in the air, holding with a two-fisted gripe near her sneer. She shouts out loud in nervousness to save her mother and the soul baby. “I fight you…”
“I will not fight against you, guardian angel. I only want the baby.” A male voice shouts out loud coming from Jan's mobile telephone.
Jan continues to stare at the flying Crimson Tail and releases her hand, waving her limb in the air, levitating the mobile telephone from her vest into her free hand. She looks down with confusion and stares at the tiny lighted screen on the phone.
The life angel turns with a sneer and stares at her daughter, shaking her blonde tinted pixie with great disappointment. “A demon is silenced in the presence of goodness, angel. You never read any of your Angeldom lessons, Jan.”
Jan exhales with annoyance and looks up with a sour frown, shouting at her mom, “I tried, Mother.” She returns back with worry and stares at the Crimson Tail as the unknown bigger angel is falling through the outer space without gravity but Free Will and getting closer to the slow-moving cloud transport.
The life angel continues to stare at Jan and points down to the ball of pink hue that represents the baby soul inside the portable sphere. “There is no more try here, Jan. You must save this unborn soul by killing the deadly Crimson Tail, angel. Period!”
“Mom!” Jan shouts in fear and watches the flying angel come closer to their shared cloud transport.
“Give me the baby, now, angel!” A male voice shouts out loud coming from Jan's mobile telephone that lounges inside Jan's cupped hand.
“Kill the Crimson Tail, Jan!” Her mother shouts out loud with fury at her angel daughter.
The Crimson Tail descends down from the outer space and then gently lands on top of cloud transport smiling with a set of perfect white teeth, standing five feet and five inches tall with slicked back black colored ponytail, a heart-shaped face, a pair of black tinted sideburns. His smile glows on a tone of beige-rosy colored skin. He displays a naked chest with taunt and ripped muscles bulking underneath a white battle vest, a pair of white tinted jeans, and a pair of crimson and black tinted cowboy boots. Crimson Tail angel Edgar studies the new guardian angel Jan and then winks, turning to the side, extending his arm to the life angel. His male voice shouts out loud coming from Jan's mobile telephone speaker that lounges in her cupped hand. “Give me the baby, life angel!”
Reality really bites.
Jan is a guardian angel. Edgar is a Crimson Tail. She back steps for Edgar and replaces the mobile telephone back onto her battle vest, giving her sword more fighting space, swishing her weapon to the side. Her sword pitches forward and slams into his golden tinted raptor in the air waves while creating a set of tiny fiery sparks in purple and rose hue. He back steps and shades his eyeballs with a smile at Jan.
Jan turns and frowns at her mother. “I can’t do this, Mom!”
The life angel stares and shakes her curls at her daughter, sighing in great disappointment. “Your dad is correct. We should have never birthed two angel babies. The second decision is not forbidden but it is highly advised against…”
“What!” She drops her sword from her chest and wiggles the weapon at her kneecap, wearing a heavy heart and a sour frown. “You dare to question me and my angel existence, mother!”
“I question your cowardice guardian angel actions, Jan.” Her mother turns and frowns at Edgar.
“Jam! You used to call me Jam, honey.” Jan sobs with her happier memories and produces a row of heated tears of sorrow and sadness while staring at her mother.
“Jan, you are an angel right now and not some silly human teen that is attending a silly human dance at the local high school prom.”
Jan jabs a finger and yells at her angel mother. “I had missed both of my high school proms and all the other fun teen parties, because of you, mother. I was a human girl,” she drops her chin down into her chest, sobbing with tears while remembering all of her fun times, before this awful moment within her seventeen years old of angel life.
“Silence, angel! I am the senior principle here.” Her mother shouts out loud at her daughter and jabs a finger at the Crimson Tail. “Angel, you are decreed with an angelic obligation of the utmost major responsible to protect this unborn soul.” 
Jan exhales with fear and turns to face the Crimson Tail, nodding with a stern face, spreading her feet apart for the battle fight. She whispers for her eardrum only, “The unborn soul is my responsibility as a new guardian angel.” She slowly strolls towards Edgar and stares at his naked chest with a grin.
Edgar does not move or display his raptor. His golden raptor is stored back down inside the leather pouch on his leg, extending his arm to Jan, nodding with a smile. His voice shouts out loud coming from Jan's mobile telephone in her “Give me …
“Kill it, angel!” Her mother screams out loud at her angel daughter and violently shakes the sphere. A soft mew sound echoes from the sphere and bombards the outer space waves.
Jan stops and turns, looking and stares down at the sphere in pink hue with puzzlement. “It cries.”
Her mother exhales with annoyance and frowns at her daughter. “The baby is not an it, Jan. This living tiny soul is one of God’s precious children, a tiny baby. The unborn soul is a female. Do you see pink hue inside and around the transport baby sphere? You and her are connected in Essence together. Do you know what Essence is? Essence is an angel and human bondage, once she is birthed on her human day or her human birthday until her human death day. Both of  you exist together for the rest of her human days. Thus, you have been assigned as her new guardian angel to guard her living soul and her human life. This is your guardian angel job. This is your guardian angel duty. This is why you are created to perform as a guardian angel.”
Jan nods with a stern face to her mother and turns to face Edgar, exhaling with nervousness, slowly lifting up her sword that glitters in array of solar sun rays that bombard the cold waves of dark outer space. She holds the sword in front of her chest with a two-folded fist and slowly advances toward Edgar with his pair of dancing hazel eyeballs and his set of silent soft pink lips. Edgar reaches down and pulls out his weapon, displaying it in front of his chest with one hand while protecting his heart organ.
Jan has learned from her brief and swift Angeldom lesson in heaven that a Crimson Tail must be stabbed with a heavenly sword into their wicked black colored heart. Actually, another learned fact, there is not a pumping heart inside a Crimson Tail. Their heart organ is a black tinted and a hard lump of cold rock making each Crimson Tail more deadly than an cobra protecting her young snake babies.
She rears back her blade to the side and then pitches forward at his raptor connecting with her set of lean muscles, slamming against the hard metal on the raptor. A tiny plume of fiery erupts in purple and rose hue without an injury to Edgar. Her angel body violently shudders with the painfully impact like her sword hit a tall solid rock boulder here in outer space on top of a cloud formation. Her shoulder bone aches in pain and as she sobs with pain. Then the same arm muscle drops down and wiggles the sword near her kneecap.
A male voice shouts out loud coming from Jan's mobile telephone on her battle vest. “She didn’t want you, Jan.”
“What?” Jan turns and sneers at her mother.
The male voice continues to shout out loud coming from Jan's mobile telephone, “She admitted that you were her poor second choice, Jam. She only wants the first-born angel baby, not the second born angel baby. Second is not good enough for her.”
Her mom sneers at Edgar and shakes her blonde pixie while slowly rocking the sphere with the crying baby soul. “Angel, every test, trial, or tribulation is a necessarily event. He is pushing your big green tinted button on your heart, child.”
“My name is Jam, honey. Do you not remember me and my make-up silly nickname, mother?” She sobs with tears and remembers all of her fun, silly human memories.
“Angel, listen to me! Kill it.” Her mother screams in angry and fury and fear.
The male voice shouts out loud coming from Jan's mobile telephone on her battle vest, “She is a guardian angel, too. Children only come from a pair of married and loving guardian parents as it is decreed by heaven and the Maker.”
Jan smiles at her mother. “Yeah, Mom! You are a guardian angel too. You can fight for me and the baby soul like you did as a human mother when I was a baby human.”
“Unbelievable!” Her mother sneers at her daughter while staring at Edgar, pointing her pink tinted sleeve at him, “You are good, sir. But I have killed hundreds of Crimson Tails, since my first angel purpose which was centuries and centuries ago. But you take all the frosty tasting cupcakes and chocolate-coated ice cream bars, too boot, mister. Who are you?”
Jan smiles. “Edgar.”
She turns and gasps at her daughter. “Do you know this Crimson Tail by his name? I do not know any personally alive and breathing Crimson Tails, Jan.”
Jan nods. “Edgar had attended my local high school with me and all of my classes and was assigned as my karate instructor at the local Fitness Center. Your husband and my father had approved of Edgar, Mom. You need to go and ask him.”
Her mother gasps in shock and sneers at Edgar. “You...you dare to socialize and then target my daughter with your wicked ways.” She turns and nods to Jan. “Jan, he is playing with your mind, your heart, and your soul, angel girl. Do not listen to his string of slick words or melt under his smug smile. Kill him, right now!”
A male voice shouts out loud coming from Jan's mobile telephone on her battle vest. “Jam!”
Jan turns with her red tinted swollen face and faces Edgar. He nods with a smile and drops his raptor back down into the leather pouch on his leg, extending both of his arms to Jan. His voice continues to communicate through Jan's mobile telephone on her battle vest. “There is another way, Jan. Bring me the baby!”
Jan gasps in shock, “Are you going to murder the innocent baby and save your angel self right in front of me?”
His voice continues to communicate through Jan's mobile telephone. “You and the baby are connected through angel Essence for eternity, Jam. You and the baby are one. Me and you are one also. Thus, you, me and the baby are all one. I want to save you, Jam. I also desire you, Jam. I will not kill the baby. The baby does not die. The baby lives with us like our child. We are the new set of loving parents to care and love forever …”
“What!” Jan gasps in shock.
His voice continues to communicate through Jan's mobile telephone. “Take the baby from her! It is okay. A life angel does not fight, resist, or flee. We save both of us and we both care for the living baby.”
Jan turns to face her mother and replace her sword back down into the leather pouch on her leg, nodding with a smile, “This is the best conclusion for all of us, Mom. You heard Edgar's voice coming through my angel mobile telephone. We will take and care for the unborn baby.” She slowly moves ahead towards her mother. “We all live and see another day. We don’t have to fight each other. We can get along and be merry until the end of time.”
Her mother sneers. “There is no end of time, Jan. A soul lives foreverly and experiences numerous life reincarnations, after the first birth coming from the Source here within this universe. As a matter of fact, every earthling human does not die but secretly holds the power of godhood ...”
“Good-hood!” Jan laughs out loud with a smirk and continues to move ahead towards her angel mother.
Her mother exhales with annoyance and nods with a stern face at her daughter.  “Each native earthling used to be a god and goddess that resided on top of a shining new planet with fresh water and clean air. Then the planet was invaded by such nasty people like Crimson Tails and a nastier breed of outer space aliens. Then the Source destroyed all the living, breathing and visiting aliens and inhabitants on the planet and then started over again. Now, each pure human, not a reptile alien is truly a secretively god or goddess with a set hidden god or goddess supernatural powers. Each pure human life form exists within the third dimension and must open up their supernatural mind and then ascend up into the fifth dimension and socialize with their heavenly kind and their universal kin. Then each living soul will reside in peace and harmony, not violent and hate,” she slowly back steps from Jan with the sphere and then looks down with a smile at great distance from the cloud transport down towards Planet Earth.
A life angel does not need air to breathe or food to exist. She can jump off the slow-moving cloud transport and then sail through the outer space waves, landing down on top of the planet. Then she can use all of her life angel powers and dash ahead to the house of the human mother-to-be, delivering the living soul baby safely inside the womb with great success. Then, the life angel will swiftly fly back up into heaven and tattle to arch-angel Saint Michael about her evil angel daughter and the nasty Crimson Tail.
Then a warrior angel will appear before Jan and her new boyfriend as the life angel does not want know what will happen next which will be the end.
On top of the cloud transport, Jan sneers with fury and then leaps up from the cloud, sailing through the outer space wave, and lands in front her mother, spitting her salvia into the face of her mother. She reaches down and grabs the sphere with the crying unborn soul from the life angel's hand, cuddling into her chest, laughing out loud.
A sweet soft mew echoes from the sphere and bombards the quiet outer space waves. Jan looks down with a smile and slowly rocks the sphere.
Edgar's male voice shouts out loud coming from Jan's mobile telephone on her battle vest. “Give me the baby, Jam! Come to me with the baby, angel! This is all done right now. We will become her set of loving parents and create a loving family.”
The life angel stands in place like an ancient Greek statue of cold, hard marble. Each pink tinted sleeve is glued down into each side on her hidden rib cage. Her pink tinted angel robe hangs in silence and stillness.
Jan looks up and frowns at her mother still rocking the sphere gently side to side. “What’s wrong, Mom?” The life angel does not answer or blink an eyelash or grunt a sound or move her arm. Jan slowly back pedals with the sphere from her mother and spins around with a smile, moving ahead towards Edgar. “What has happened to my Mom, Edgar?”
Edgar stands in place with a laugh and reaches out, grabbing the handle on the pink tinted sphere, saying with his natural voice. “She failed.”
Jan smiles at Edgar, “I, now, can hear your sexy voice in the outer space waves, instead of coming through the mobile telephone.”
She turns and nods at her mother. “She has failed. So what? She is still a heavenly angel, isn't that right, honey?”
He leans over and kisses the cheekbone on Jan, pulling back, looking down at the sphere with the crying baby soul, “Right, babe! Let’s go back home down to Earth and start practicing our parenting skills.”
She turns and smiles at Edgar. “Are we going to get married too?” She nods.
“Are you proposing to me, my little banshee?” He looks up and winks at Jan.
“Yeah, I am proposing to you from me.” She smiles.
“I accept, sweetie.” He holds the baby carrier with the baby soul beside his rib cage and releases out his pair of twenty-three foot of crimson colored angel wings in the air.
Jan smells the familiar sandalwood and lemon odor from his body and then duplicates his feat, popping out her thirteen feet of white pure feathers on her pair of angel wings.
Then Edgar and Jan slowly lift up from the slow-moving cloud transport and soar through the outer space waves, gracefully descending down through the true cloud formations in a pale blue skyline, landing down on Earth as a new angel family in happily ever after.

At 55 minutes, 13 seconds, and 43 milliseconds later, the slow-moving cloud transport still continues it descend down towards Planet Earth with the same life angel, who does not move or blink an eyelash or grunt a sound or shift a hand.
“Round four, kitten!” Edgar shouts out loud from the outer space waves and flies down from the with laughter, landing in front the granite face on the life angel, pulling out his golden tinted raptor in the air. His raptor swings backwards then pitches forward with great force at the life angel. The angel does not flight or fight at Edgar and continues to stand with her naked throat muscles.
His saber connects and then slices her naked throat muscles, splattering her angel blood on the sword, on her body, in the air, on his body.
Each spilled red tinted blood protein halts in the air and slowly drops down, attaching and clinging onto the single white tinted wing tip on Edgar. The red blood from the dead soul on the life angel quickly expands into a measurement of one-fourth of an inch from the bottom edge on his single angel wing tip which is not totally one hundred percent of crimson hue, but it is very, very, very close.
Chapter 18


Cast of Characters:


Adults:

Mrs. and Mr. Windsor, mistress and master, Windsor Farms, Sand Mountain, Alabama
Granny Hanover, god and goddess mentor, Windsor Farms


Teen gods and goddesses:

Archibald, teen god, city of Jamestown within US State Virginia
  nicknamed Shango from the pantheon in the city of Jamestown, Africa

Bibi, teen goddess, city of London within US State of Minnesota
  nicknamed Nikki from the pantheon in the city of London, England

Chun, teen goddess, city of Tibet within US State of New York
  nicknamed Kuan Yi from the pantheon in the city of Tibet, China

Fabio, teen god, city of Naples within US State of Florida
  nicknamed Mithras from the pantheon in the city of Naples, Italy

Kruti, teen goddess, city of Bali within the US State of California
  nicknamed Shivaa from the pantheon in the city of Bail, India

Hansel, teen god, city of Lund within the US State of Utah
  nicknamed Balder from the pantheon in the city of Lund, Sweden

Josefina, teen goddess, city of Carlsbad within the US State of New Mexico
  nicknamed Is Chel from the pantheon in the city of Carlsbad, Mexico

Liam, teen god, city of Waterford within the US State of Maine
  nicknamed Lugh from the pantheon in the city of Waterford, Ireland

Marcus, teen god, city of Athens within the US State of Georgia
  nicknamed Ares from the pantheon in the city of Athens, Greece

Noako, teen goddess, city of Sapporo within the US State of New York
  nicknamed Dainichi from the pantheon in the city of Sapporo, Japan

Rachel, teen goddess, city of Memphis within the US State of Tennessee
  nicknamed Isis from the pantheon in the city of Memphis, Egypt

Thian, twin brother of Thianne and teen god, city of Fultondale, Alabama

Thianne, twin sister of Thian, teen goddess, city of Fultondale, Alabama

Yaffa, teen goddess, city of Maui within the US State of Hawaii
  nicknamed Pele from the pantheon in same city and US State
Chapter 19




Story location:


A fourth independent suburban city within the metro city Birmingham area is called Fultondale.
The suburb of Fultondale contains 8,380 individuals that live, work, and play at 685 feet above sea level that lies due north from the city of Birmingham. The city was incorporated in the year 1947 and had been a mining town in the 1900s.
The geographical city encompasses 12.20 square miles all landmass, without a single exposed fresh water stream above the dirt ground. The suburb offers numerous residential areas, businesses and one school system.
The landmass is formed from numerous ridgelines that comprise the southern end of the Appalachian Mountain chain with mountain peaks over one thousand feet in the sky, which has been mined for the past one hundred years.
On the southwestern side of the city, Sand Mountain lies in-between the man-made roadway Interstate-65 and the natural shallow fresh water creek, which is called Five Miles Creek stream. The mountain summit stands tall at 1,013 feet in the sky and houses at the 667 feet level, the Windsor farm house, all of farm crops, and all of the farm livestock and one single special schoolhouse for a special gang of teens.


Story plot:


Each baby newborn god or goddess must participate in the Fosterage Ritual, where each god or goddess infant is raised by a pair of adoptive guardians, not their god or goddess biological parent. Then, each supernatural teen is sent to a special school in the city of Birmingham, within the US State of Alabama, in which, each one will be trained to enhance their special god or goddess talents, abilities, or whatever else the god or goddess possesses at a metaphysical level for growth and improvement in order to become an active and responsible young adult god or goddess on Planet Earth.
Chapter 20


Thirteen days later...

Tuesday June 4th


Town of Fultondale
667 feet high on Sand Mountain within the US State of Alabama

Warm temperatures with twinkling stars and full moonlight
01:35 am

Windsor Farms location
Barn yard setting


Each set of hoofs easily leaped over a low row of plant bushes carrying a hooded rider, who halted, smelled, and reared their steed upright from the grass as the horse pawed the air. Each horse dropped down and chased after the single prey moving towards a yellow tinted barn building which was located on the Windsor Farms on top of Sand Mountain, in the city of Fultondale, within the US State of Alabama.
She twisted her long cape around her tall slim body, not from the chilly weather. The autumn weather was slightly humid yawning for an early morning light and mild rains which were predicted for the late morning forecast.
She ran forward towards one of the two colored barn doors for thrill of the morning, the passion of the full moon, and the site of her new visit, coming from the back porch on the manor. 
This barn structure was not used for housing horses. The horse stables were located on the eastern side of the manor house and farm grounds. This barn structured stored barrels of yellow colored grain, bales of green colored hay, extra rusty brown colored farm implements and a new life form, which she was seeking at the moment.
Each rider halted their horse and scanned the new environment. Each horse pawned the wet clay and sounded with a loud neigh within the still midnight air as the horse hair shined in the bright full moon light.
She stopped, looked, and listened, returning back to face the unlatched door on the door, racing ahead and as her long silver colored hair and longer body cape fluttered behind her moving body.
Each rider leaped down from the worn brown tinted leather saddle and advanced quickly on foot towards the same yellow tinted barn structure, after their single prey.
She reached out and pushed the door open, entering the single room, shoving the heavy knotted wood shut and sealed her safely inside the old worn fortress, until dawn, if need be.
Both of the barn doors swung opened and halted a few inches from the wooden frame as each rider sounded with a growl within the still air.
She stepped backward with a gasp of fright from each invader of midnight, pondering a new plan of either flee or fight.
Swiftly, the lead trespasser catapulted ahead and reached out, grabbing her arm, dragging her body into his smelly, sweaty body, twisting his other hand around her swan neck. He sneered at his two friends, “Tie her high up!”
His two cohorts scattered around the barn floor and then quickly constructed a crude platform with a single dangling rope, dropping down from the second-floor post, tying it around both of her two wrist bones, which were painfully held above her hair roots.
Her upright and tied body shuffled back and forth a few inches from the rough hay coated floor. Her feet were bound by a series of rough sailor knots of rope and as she kicked out with her two blue jean covered legs and two bounded booted feet, lifting them into air-born flight for a useless attack.
Two heated and red colored eyeballs surveyed her face and as his lips sounded with a sneer, mouth spitting out with a set of distorted pink colored swollen lips.
She had slipped on her Guess designer brand skinny pale colored blue jeans and a pair of her blue tinted Hugh Boss designer brand boots for a quick midnight visit, electing to hug a long Dior designer brand black tinted cape around her gray colored flannel pajama top coming from designer brand Victoria’s Secret. Her matching pajama pants and her two bed slippers had been left on top of the cold wooden floor inside her cozy and comfortable bedroom suite which were safe and guarded inside the primary residential manor house.
Inside the barn setting, the lead trespasser reached up and ripped off the top plastic button on her pajama top, revealing more of her exposed slender swan neck which pulsed with an array of blue tinted blood veins, nicely angled healthy bones, and a sparkling suntanned skin tone.
“Lunch!” The lead trespasser muttered like a beast, not being a man, at the moment, being a vampire.
A vampire possessed a tone of gray colored skin coming from the lack of antibodies and blood loss, a pair of red colored eyes coming from the clinical condition jaundice from his naturally yellow tinted skin tone. A set of yellow colored elongated twin incisors stained with red blood at the moment and a head of long straight black colored hair was gathered in a ponytail. The vampire stood shorter than four feet flat or under, sometimes.
Anemia is a medical condition, where the human is short of red blood cells or possesses a low hemoglobin content which is carried oxygen towards every part on the human body. When the human tissues are deprived of oxygen, the human experiences an assortment of medical symptoms, such like, fatigue, irritability, dizziness, memory problems, shortness of breath, headaches, and weakness in the kneecaps and constant bone pain.
A true medical symptom of anemia, for a dark-skinned person, is a dull grayish hue to their natural skin tone. A light skinned person shows very pale-yellow colored complexion.
Every vampire came from the country of China, many centuries ago.
China is the largest country in both population and geographic area in the world. One-fifth of the planet inhabitants live among the one billion citizens, which are housed inside each overcrowded city, every driest desert, the highest mountains, and the richest farmlands, covering one-fifth of the land continent of Asia.
The oldest living civilization had dated back to the year 3500 B.C. here on Planet Earth. The first people, who had lived within a tiny city-state developed the directional compass, firing gunpowder, writing paper, pretty porcelain, and soft silk fabrics. Both the Asians and Europeans borrowed art, literature, religion, and technology from this thriving ancient Chinese civilization.
The biggest city Shanghai is ranked as one of the largest cities in the world with twenty million people. The second largest city Peking hold sixteen million citizens. The remaining eighty percent of the one billion plus population still resides inside a small farm or a local village throughout the countryside in China.
The division of the population remains farming as the leading economic activity in the country of China, three-fourths of the workers are crop and livestock farmers.
Rice grain is the main food source for each hungry Chinese boy and girl, where an adult consumes one pound of rice grains per day. People eat wheat for bread and noodles with corn, sorghum, millet, cabbage, cucumbers, eggplant, radishes, tomatoes, turnips, bananas, apples and peaches, fish, eggs, and soybeans, consuming small amounts of poultry and smaller portions of cow meat.
Hot brewed tea is still a favorite beverage.
Medical scientists have theorized the lack of meat inside the human biological system can wreak havoc on the human chemical production of anemia which results in a human biological antibody relapse. However, a human can consume a spoon of thick black colored molasses or a wedge of brown colored whole grains or a plate of dark green colored vegetables to balance out the weaken medical condition.
Some people inherit the antibody disease through their biological genes like sickle cell anemia which is very common within the African ancestry. While each Mediterranean descendant is cursed with the thalassemia anemia, some of the Italian females can contract hemolytic anemia, which is fatal to a woman.
And the Chinese people for centuries had hidden their secret anemia among the vampire race.
Red and organ meats, even less than .005 percent consumed, carry the right balance of amino acids and nutrients, which strengthens resistance to both infections and diseases and provides high antibodies against staphylococcus infections, polio virus, Coxsackie B virus, Escherichia coli infections, allergies, constipation, indigestion, skin disorders, and tooth decay.
During a full moon phase, a human body becomes depleted with vital nitrogen, amino acids, proteins, hormones, antibodies, and enzymes. Then the nitrogen and amino acids control the proteins within the skin tissues, muscles, brain cells, and hair. And the enzymes control the rates of chemical reactions inside the blood veins.
Documented and recorded throughout the history of time, the food ritual was performed before, during, and after the full moon. The festivals, feasts, galas, suppers, and parties were always planned around food for the normal life forms and the deranged ones too.
The species of werewolf animals had originated from the Viking race which had been documented inside each world history books making a werewolf part of the bear clan. Different kinds of bears exist throughout the world living at the Arctic north pole going all the way down into the southern hemisphere in the country of Australia.
Back inside the barn structure, the girl continued to hang from the made-shift gallows, the second vampire continued to mouth spat yellow tinted salvia down onto her one boot toe and stared at his delicious meal, growling out loud. "Eat!"
“Food!” the third vampire mouth drooled in yellow salvia on top of the hay and stared at the female, licking his lips with new prey.
She was the food snack, before the midnight meal, who was not able to run and escape. Shouting would not help. All of her school classmates were passed out in deep slumber while snoring inside their safe and cozy bed mattress inside the primary manor.
So, the next best thing was sweetness.
She said with a smile. “Me! The buzzing mosquitoes hate my blood. Go and try a cow down field! They are mm, mm good.” She used a string of simple words for a stupid mind on each vampire to understand, hoping they would get a clue.
“Prey! Mm, mm, good!” The gray skinned, yellow-eyed lead vampire sneered and reached out, grabbing with both of her wrist bones as each one was too short to reach her pretty face.
“Don’t bro!” A baritone timber shouted out loud coming from the top loft inside the barn structure. Each vampire instinctively looked up and viewed a human male.
The male leaped over the post railing, twirled into a forward flip, and slowly landed down on the top of the rough yellow tinted hay with his two bare feet, wearing a Calvin Klein blue jean jacket which covered a half-naked muscled tanned chest above a pair of red and black colored puppy dog pajama pants.
She smiled down at the pajama pants on the tall male. “I do believe that I see a pair of puppy dogs...”
He shook his backwards baseball cap that covered his silver tinted curly hair at her. “Don’t, Sis!”
“Meal!” The lead GREG sneered at the new human male.
“Food!” The next GREG growled at the same human male.
“Hunger!” The other GREG drooled with a tongue of sticky yellow salvia at the same male.
He stared at the three vampires. “Gray skin, red eyes, yellow dog teeth, bad breath, an uncontrolled fury, irritability, nervousness, memory loss and short, they are definitely GREGS,” he looked up and smiled at his sister. “You know they only exhibit one or two words of simple English words within their current mental state of mind as a morphed vampire, Sis.”
She nodded to the lead vampire. “He said three.”
He lifted his hand and formed three fingers, staring at the lead vampire, “Three! Well, you are the smart guy. Are you the leader here?” He leaned down and blew his mint breath air across the head of gray tinted hair.
“Lead, eat!” The GREG sneered into the waistline on the tall teen male.
He stood upright with a chuckle and shook his baseball cap with a stern face. “Look, man! Thianne might appear tasty, but she ain’t. Do you comprehend, dude?”
“Hunger!” The next GREG sneered at the waistline on the same teen male.
“Blood!” The other GREG growled at the waistline on the same male.
He pointed to the side wall on the barn in the westerly direction and nodded with a smile to the three vampires. “Go west, young vampires!" He chuckled. "Go down to the pasture field and find some of the grazing cows. Good and tasty! Do you get it?”
“Eat!” The leader GREG spun around and drooled at the female.
“Eat.” The next GREG spun around and sneered at the female.
“Food.” Third GREG spun around and snarled at the female.
Her brother pulled the cap off, wiping the sweat from his forehead, shaking his head of silver hair like his sister. “No man! Thianne ain’t your prey, but you’ll be praying, if you don’t leave from here really quickly.”
“Why?” The lead vampire frowned at the female.
Thianne giggled. “I do believe that is an intelligent query from the hungry vampire.”
He exhaled with a sour frown and winked at his sister. “She’s a diva.”
Two of GREGS paced backwards, except for the leader. He frowned at the human female. “Diva!”
The human male smiled. “Diva! She is a female version of a god. She’s a goddess, yeah. You can’t hurt her or drink her blood. Taboo!” He shook his finger near his smile. “No! No! No!”
“Show me the diva!” The lead vampire sneered at the Thianne.
“Look! I just told you the 411. You can’t hurt her. So, go ahead and do your damage! Spit on her face!” He laughed.
“Thian!” She yelled with a gasp at her sibling.
“Spit?” The lead vampire frowned.
Thian waved his hand with a smile. “Yeah, man! Spit on the goddess! Go for it! Go and see what happens next?” He laughed.
“Thian!” She gasped in alarm and then moaned with the sick suggestion.
The lead GREG closed his mouth, pursed his lips, and rounded both of his two exterior cheekbones gathering a huge wad of thick salvia inside his mouth. He slit an opening in-between his stained teeth, flinging a single large wet juicy mixture of yellow, red and black liquid while aiming precisely at her exposed naked throat. The wet spit wad hit an invisible wall six inches from her naked throat dropping down on top of the hay flooring.
“My turn!” Thianne opened her mouth emitting a spread blast of yellow and blue fire directly into the row of three short bodies on each vampire vaporizing the trio into a plume of gray and red colorful sawdust.
Thian gawked in surprise and stared at her. “How did you do that, Sis? Is that one of your newly discovered goddess powers?”
She giggled with a grin, “Yeah, I think so. I thought it was only acid reflux. I was going to burp out loud, but a spit of fiery flames came out, instead.”
“Too cool!” He laughed and watched the plume of dying flames falling down on top of the hay. and wiggled his index finger on his right hand, accessing a pail of cold water on the entrance wall. The pail of cold water magical floated in the air coming from god-lifting powers. Then the pail of water magical halted in the air waves and dropped down on top of the tiny fire, before the barn hay resulted in a fireball. The tiny fire sizzled and then died turning into a pile of black die ashes.
“Thanks for the save, big brother!” Thianne smiled.
He scooted around the black pile of ashes in his bare feet and stopped, standing in front of his sister, untying the pieces of ropes around her two wrist bones and her swam neck and released her body. The rope dropped down on top of the hay. He would clean up the mess later in the morning after the breakfast meal and before the school session.
She leaned over and hugged his body, pulling back with a smile.
He frowned. “Sis, the full moon is still out during the night sky. It is not safe during the evening or morning hours. Why are you out of the manor house? Hmm!”
She frowned. "And I can ask you the same question, Thian. Why are you out of the manor house? Hmm!"
He nodded. "I have a very good reason. I was up eating some snacks and through my bedroom window I saw a row of shadows following a silver haired girl down on the wet grass."
She scooted around her brother with a smile and yelled back at him. “I was worried about my feline friend Fluffy and all of her newborn baby kittens, Thian.” She stopped and kneeled down on the hay floor near the cat litter as each active kitten ran ahead and climbed onto her wool cape for a new morning of kitten games. She reached down with a smile and petted each one of their soft little heads.
He groaned loud out and moved ahead replacing the baseball cap down over his wet hair roots, wiggling his index finger on his right hand in the air that activated his god powers. The coiled rope magically levitated up from the post on the wall and landed down in his cupped hands. He advanced to the open door and viewed the three horses in the night sky, “Even I can see that each kitten is fine and dandy. But we’re not. I’ll go and corral the three horses.”
“Should we keep the three stolen horses?”
“This is a wildlife sanctuary place for all strays.” He laughed at the black ashes from three roasted vampires. “No owners. No claims. They’re mine to keep and shelter. Finish your petting…”
“These are not a great set of choice words, bro.” She continued to look down and played with the active litter of kittens.
“Go home and stay put, until sunrise, Sis!” He rushed out the barn doors and stopped, carefully scanning the farmland, gently closing each wooden door and then spun around, whistling for the three horses.
“Good night, Thian.” Thianne said in a low voice as she lifted the kitten to her chest, stroking her tiny soft head. She slowly stood upright from the hay floor and moved ahead to the bug zapper hanging in front of the side wall inside the barn structure. The cylinder-shaped object immediately brightened in a light of neon purple haze. She covered her eyes with her free hand. The communication booted up displayed a very bright light during the nighttime hours.
Thianne called out in the semi-dark barn. “Mom!”
Hello
She could feel the familiar and gentle telepathic message bouncing around her brain waves. She responded with the familiar statement like she had done for the past six weeks. “Mom, I miss you. I love you so much.”
Hair of a unicorn
“The hair of a unicorn. Unicorns do not exist, Mom.”
Seek the road
“Mom, are you there? I will seek the road. Mom! Mom, please come back! I need more data! Please, give me around clue, Mom!" She waited and listened without hearing any more words. “Thank you, Mom. I will seek the road. I love you. I’ll come and find you. I promise with my heart and my soul. I’ll come and find you and free you. Then we can be together forever and ever.” Thianne brushed away the stray tears with her free hand and continued to cuddle the tiny kitten for comfort.
During the delivery from mother cat Fluffy with her six healthy kittens, the bug zapper inside the barn had fallen down on top of the hay floor breaking the glass bulb within the steel casing as the array of strong winds from the prevailing thunderstorm opened the barn door.
Thianne exited the manor and rushed into barn checking on her favorite small farm pet. After she had repaired the device, lifting the zapper onto the barn wooden beam, a purple light inside the casing ignited and temporally blinded her two eyeballs for a split second. Then Thianne felt a string of human words buzzing inside her skull.
Thianne had believed that Granny was calling her for the dinner meal using her talented telepathy or mind reading ability which was strong. Instead, the unfamiliar voice had identified its voice as the mother of twins Thianne and Thian.
Her mother was a goddess from one of the existing pantheons and the other half of her absent parents for the past seventeen years as required by the fosterage ritual. This had been the first time her mother had ever vocally communicated with her twin daughter Thianne, since a newborn baby.
Standing on top of the barn floor, Thianne softly sobbed with sadness while holding back the drowning tears down inside her throat.
Her goddess mother had relayed a string of short words from a telepathy message which lasted ten seconds flat. Thianne had been sneaking into the barn structure at night for the past six weeks while listening for the next clue to pinpoint her mother's location.
Thianne had figured out part of puzzle based on the word clues.
First, her mom was the divine or supernatural parent while her father was the mortal or the earthling being here on Planet Earth.
Two, they both were prisoners inside a physical place which was called Tartarus.
Three, they both were captured by a supernatural being.
Four, other gods and goddesses and mortals were prisoners with her goddess mother.
Five, they all could be freed by a goddess or god-in-training like Thianne.
So tonight, the newest clue numbered six was the “hair of a unicorn.”
The inner, outside, and sideway meaning of the clue didn’t make any sense to seventeen-year-old teenager Thianne. A unicorn did not exist here on Planet Earth or any place else within the galaxy.
She exhaled with a puff of disappointment.
Thianne would converse with her best friend Yuan Ki later in the morning during their school session about the new clue. She didn’t dare tell her twin brother Thian about the crazy conversation with an absent biological mother. As a pair of twin children, they were told that their set of parents had to leave Planet Earth and return back to into the heavenly plane with the other god and goddess deities for some unexplained reason.
Thian was the name of her twin sibling and would not believe his sister one. Then he would blab to their school mentor Granny about the new supernatural gift from Thianne, where Thianne wanted to kept her secret, secret for now.
She was close, closer than yesterday. She was going to solve the mysterious location of Tartarus and then go there and release both her biological parents from their prison captivity. Then she would touch, hug, and hang both of her parents for the first time within her short seventeen biological years.
On top of the hay floor, Thianne continued to sob with sadness and rolls of wet hot tears flowed down her sad face.
Thianne halted the sobs as a new echoed sound wave bombarded her two goddess sensitive ears. She stared up into the row of wooden cross beams on the rafter in the barn, searching with her pair of silver tinted eyes, shouting out loud with hope. “Hello! Is anyone there? Mom, did you come back to me?"
She squatted down and gently replaced the little yellow and white stripped kitten inside its warm bed with her other sleepy kitten brothers and sisters wearing with a sad face and a whisper, “I guess not. Goodnight, Fluffy and the other little babies. Be safe here inside the barn! I will return back in the morning to say hi again,” she slowly stood upright from the hay and spun around with a sad face and a worried heart, leaving the barn structure, moving back into the house and her warm bed for the rest of the early morning hours.


12 hours later...

Windsor Farms location
School house interior setting
Hot temperatures with parted clouds of sunray
01:08 pm


The school house structure was a perfect square shaped building with a  set of four shaped walls of dried red tined mud, a flat rooftop of matching dried mud, without a chimney or a bathroom pipe for a fan to relieve each the smelly butthole turds from inside the internal classroom setting. The structure did not exhibit a single door for entrance, a single window for viewing, and a single porch for standing.
The interior of the school house structure was a single room which was made of red colored dried mud walls also, since dirt was a natural element here on Planet Earth. The room did not contain a single window, a single door, a single art picture, a single textbook, a single chair, or a single student desk. The room was dark red without sunshine and character.
Each god and goddess teen moved from an individual bedroom inside the farm house and walked over the manicured green tinted grass and through a solid wall of red colored dried mud, entering into the middle of a single room. Each teen stood in a loose circle near each wall inside the enclosed structure of four solid walls of dried mud, staring a smile and a chuckle at each other.
“I pick a French chateau,” teen goddess Kruti lifted up and waved her hand side to side in the air, in front of her chin with a smile and a nod as her goddess-powers affected all four walls and the ceiling off red dried mud.
The four interior walls, the ceiling, and the floor of red dried mud rapidly converted into a living room setting that displayed a set of King Louis XIV pink and white tinted sitting sofas, sitting chairs, and glass covered side tables. There was an array of vivid and colorful royal tapestries that hang down from a white colored ceiling between the furniture. Each white colored wall contained a colorful oil painting of horses, kings, warriors with swords, and peasants with baskets, representing the dead era of King Louis, the fourteen. The new space design made the school house interior room a majesty palace from a history book.
“I wanna a hunting lodge in the US State of Montana,” teen god Archibald shot out his right hand and wiggled his middle finger with loud laughter affecting the four walls, the ceiling, and the floor for a second time. The schoolhouse single room changed from a French Chateau instantly.
The new room design displayed a red wood-beamed ceiling, a stone limestone fireplace with a roaring yellow and red fire in the wall corner. Each wall showed a long and wide diamond-shaped window pane. Outside the window pane, there was orange colored dirt with a set of bright sunshine. There were a set of carved dead antler chandeliers that hang above each piece of dark tree branch-shaped sitting sofa and chair furniture items. Above the windows, each wall contained a row of framed photographs of forest landscapes and animals. Each picture was positioned a dead animal head trophy.
“I want to study inside the USA White House in Washington D.C.,” teen goddess Pele lifted and wiggled her index finger on her left hand activating her goddess-powers with fun and drama, affecting the four walls, the ceiling, and the floor.
Each classroom student was a god or goddess-in-training. When the solid floor below each pair of shoe soles changed, each god and goddess lifted their feet up from the floor and performed a god-halt within the invisible air waves, waiting on the final creation of a new design from the student.
The single interior room re-shaped into an oval structure that was decorated in colors of reds, yellows and whites. Each wall contained a painted portrait of each former president of the USA, including, the first president George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Jimmy Carter, and others. There was a black and gray granite fireplace in the rear of the room with a roaring blue and yellow fire. There were long sitting sofas of red and white vertical strips with low wooden table in front of each sofa to hold a set of books and a tray of beverages. The walls were painted on yellow tint with an assortment of ceiling fans that cooled the room. On each wall, there was a long window, showing a pretty multi-colored rose garden that went around the room for beauty.
“Cool, I like,” teen goddess Thianne turned and nodded with a smile at each wall.

At 01:18 pm, outside the school house structure, in the parking lot, underneath the sunny sky and heated temperatures, the exterior walls on the schoolhouse structure morphed into a white colored two-story antebellum house that was a duplicate of the real White House which was located in Washington, D.C.
A high-pitched soprano voice from a female teenage echoed up into the blue colored skyline and down to the green grass and as she moved ahead over the rough white colored gravel parking lot at the school house grounds, pointing towards the new structure with a smile and a giggle. “Look over there! I see the presidential White House of the USA. I can’t believe this. Are we going to meet the President of the United States, today?” The seventeen years old female displayed a head of long black colored hair, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of dark skin and wore a Prada pale blue poker dotted short dress with a pair of Justin white tinted cowgirls boots and a Coach designer brand handbag.
The young male exhaled with a huff of annoyance and shifted his heavy backpack over his short collar bone, moving in front of the young female, saying with a sissy whiny timber and a sour frown at the new structure. “I thought that we landed the airplane in the US State of Alabama, not the nation’s capital which is Washington, D.C.” The young seventeen years old male exhibited a midget body frame with a head of balding blonde tinted hair, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs, and a tone of pale tinted skin, wearing a Gucci designer brand dark blue tinted sports jacket, a Burberry designer brand polo skirt, and a pair of Valentino white tinted dress trousers with a pair of dark blue Gucci designer shoes.
The tall middle-aged adult human woman moved behind the two of the three new students, who were attending the new school house on the farm, saying with a smile and nod. “No presidential visit today! Yes, this is great state of Alabama. Your new talented classmates are blowing off some extra fun energy, trying to impress you for the new day, welcoming both of you inside your new home.”
A second seventeen years old female teenager exhibited petite body frame with a head of long flowing strawberry-blonde colored hair, a pair of violet eyes, and a tone of pink tinted skin wearing a Prada designer brand white and black stripped blouse with long sleeves, a red tinted Guess designer short skirt, a pair of Saint Laurent red tinted leather ankle boots and a yellow tinted Hermes designer hand bag. She pointed at the school house structure with a smile. “Look at that! The building has changed into …”
The second teenage female moved beside the other female and smiled at the new structure, “That building is a duplicate of a New York gleaming glass-covered skyscraper. Now, the structure has morphed into an ocean villa of four stories,” she giggled with amusement.
“Watch your step!” The woman scooted to the side with a smile, “Water!”
“Holy snot!” The sissy whine from the teen male yelled out loud with a sour frown, jumping up in the air and out of the puddle of water, landing down on top of the hard pavement with both shoe soles, shaking out a wet dress shoe and a trouser leg. He slowly moved behind the other two students, climbed up each step and then stopped, standing with low sneer behind the tall woman with a head of gray hair.

At 01:26 pm, inside the classroom setting, teen god Thian stood near one of the glass windows that showed off the blue and green ocean and tan colored sands of the coastline, lifting up his index finger on his right hand, wiggling his personal god magic in the air with a smile. “I wanna Roman bath house.”
The ocean villa interior single room quickly changed into a set of four solid white walls that held only plumes of heated white colored stream and a set of four flat blue colored pools of steaming heated water on the floor. The ceiling was white colored. Each pool displayed a set of two purple colored three-foot long diving boards and a set of six red colored seating benches behind the diving boards. There were a set of colorful beach towels on a low rack, hanging down over the concrete floor.
“The Romans didn’t dive into the bath tub, Thian,” teen goddess Yaffa continued to stand with a sour frown and stared at the new room design, parking both fits on top of her hips.
“Looks fun to me, ya'll!” Teen goddess Chun nodded with a grin at the new room design.
He slapped his hands and nodded with a smile. “Heck fire! Let’s add a Roman slave camp with rows and rows of naked girls.” Marcus lifted both of his hands in the air in-between his two cheekbones with his new suggestion.
“Siste, Marcus!” Granny Hanover was the school mentor for the group of the alive and breathing supernatural gods and goddesses. She called out to her “most troublesome” pupil in the language of Latin, which meant to cease his upcoming god magical activity. Then she wiggled one of her hand and held the long necklace with her free hand. Marcus performed a pop trick down into a hard, gray tinted granite bench next to her modern-day orange tinted metal office desk without a textbook or a computer tablet or an ink pen or a wooden pencil.
Granny shook her curls and lifted the same hand, securing the loose strands back into her hair bun behind the nape of her neck. She turned and exhaled with annoyance while mentally pondering the situation. A group of teenagers with running out-of-control super hormones along with galloping out-of-control super powers and today the introduction of more spoiled brats into her single school classroom.
Granny continued to stand behind her modern metal matching orange tinted office chair and shook her curls, palming her necklace. She didn’t need more stress for the day.
“Ah, shucks! I didn’t do nothing, Granny. I …” Marcus continued to sit on top of the hard, stone-coated bench and placed both of his hands underneath his chin while pouting with frustration.
“Stoppen, Marcus!” Granny continued to stare at the nose profile on Marcus and reprimanded in the German language which meant: stop it, Marcus.
“I wanna nineteenth-century Swiss Alps chalet.” Chun shouted out loud and as she whirled her fingers, hands, arms, twirling in a small circle in the air, halting with a smile of giggles.
The single classroom setting turned into a blonde colored wooden floor covered with black and white fake, of course, animal skins with a fired wood stove in the wall corner that held an iron kettle on top of the oven eye. Several round-shaped wooden tables appeared on top of an individual black tinted fake animal fur with a white colored fuzzy-covered single chair or a matching bench for two people. All four walls displayed a panorama view in dark blue to light blue hues on each mountain range with an individual pink tinted peak that were slightly covered in snow-covered tips beneath a clear, pale blue sky.
“Great selection, Chun!” Teen goddess Josefina smiled with a giggle.
“Thank you!” Teen goddess Chun bowed at her fit waistline and stood upright, nodding with a smile.
Granny continued to stand behind her metal office chair and yelled out loud to each student. “Be seated, teens!” She scooted around the chair and sat down carefully watching each teen in silence.
The four round shaped tables were scattered around the room. The first table stood next to the entrance wall which displayed the mountain and sky view. The second table stood a few feet from the opposite long wall which also displayed a different view of the mountain and pale blue sky. A third table stood a few feet from the rear wall of glass with a different view of the mountain and sky and was parked away from the wall corner with the wooden stove. The last fourth table sat across from the third table in the middle of the rear wall of glass with the mountain and sky view.
Each student slowly moved ahead and gathered at one of the round tables, shoving out a chair, flopping down a computer tablet and a designer cloth handbag or a leather clutch or a nylon backpack on top of the hard surface.
Chun led her three friends Josefina, Yaffa, and Kruti to the second table, giggling about the new room, sitting down at the hard surface.
On the three table in the wall corner, Thian led his three friends Balder, Archibald, and Hansel to the first table, scooting around the hard surface, staring at each other with laughter.
Thianne selected a long bench and sat down at the fourth table on the rear wall while waiting for her boyfriend Marcus to get from the punishment timeout by Granny Hanover, as usual.
 On the first table, teen goddess Noako always sat alone and faced the other teens staring at the funny or silly or serious commotion inside the classroom at each school session.
The entrance door swung open emitting heated rays of bright sunshine for another beautiful day here in the US State of Alabama.
Mrs. Windsor, a statute woman of six feet and two inches in height displayed a ponytail of long white tinted hair, a bronze tinted complexion and a pair of brown eyes wearing a pair of faded cover-all blue jeans that covered the top of her chest going down to the tips of her pair of worn boots. Wrapped around her thin waistline, a worn but sturdy brown leather utility belt was filled with farm tools including a hammer, a screw driver, a nail pack, a coil of rope, a flashlight, mini-first aid kit, and her personal mobile telephone. She dropped her pair of shades down into a side pocket and entered with a smile through the open archway leading three new persons into the classroom.
The new male teen scanned the new environment and shouted out loud with confusion. “This classroom is located in the country of Switzerland next to the snowy mountains. I thought the airplane had landed down in the USA, not the continent of Europe. I didn’t feel the time travel shift underneath my boot toes,” he stopped and stood a few feet from the office desk, scanning each god and goddess with mystery.
Mrs. Windsor stopped a few feet from the office desk with Granny Hanover and stood beside the row of new teens, nodding to each old teen. “The teens are allowed to select the atmosphere inside the classroom for continuing their academic lessons here at the Sanctuary.”
“Awesome!” The black hair female teen smiled and moved ahead with a smile and selected an empty seat at the rear table, scanning the room and the new students, sitting down an slapped the hard surface with both of her hands.
“My old school didn’t do this.” The female soprano commented, surveying her new surroundings and new students with admiration and apprehension.
“Things are very different here in Alabama, dear.” Granny Hanover continued to sit and rolled her eyeballs, returning back at each one of her students.
“Indeed!” The new male teen sneered at the room of new students.
Mrs. Windsor nodded to the classroom of students, “Young ladies and gentlemen…”
“Where?” Archibald turned and scanned the room with the familiar faces laughing out loud for fun.
“Present!” Marcus sat upright from the hard granite bench and twisted around, slapping his chest, nodding to Mrs. Windsor. He slowly back pedaled from Granny Hanover and tripped over the pair of crossed and extended legs on Thian, on purpose, tumbling down into the shared bench seat with his girlfriend Thianne. He leaned into her face and whispered a string of sweet words into her eardrum.
“They are all next door.” Balder pointed at the nearest glass wall with mountains, which was not next to any other structure or country or classroom while sniggering with fun.
“Hush, teens!” Granny sneered at the group of familiar teens.
“Thank you, Granny!” Mrs. Windsor nodded to the teens and extended her arm over the hair roots of each new student. “I would like to present our three new arrivals coming from the airport and joining our group of growing and expanding supernatural family. This is little Rachel from the US State of Tennessee. And little Bibi comes from the US State of Minnesota. And little …”
“I’m full grown, lady.” The new teen male sneered at the room of teens.
“Don’t insult your hostess, sir!” Granny spun around and looked down with a frown at the brown tinted hair roots on the short male teen.
“I am Liam,” the short male teen said told his new classmates.
In the fourth table, Marcus spun around from Thianne and slapped both palms on top of the surface, nodding to the new male teen with a grin. “You’re short man. That means he's an elf, ain't that right, Balder?” He turned and winked at the tall muscular blonde male on the third table.
“No!” Liam continued to stand a few feet from the entrance door and frowned at Marcus.
He returned back and smiled at Liam. “O! So, are you a short brownie?”
“No!”
He grinned. “O! So, are you an evil, squat troll?” The other teens laughed out loud with humor.
On the second table, Kruti turned and sneered at Marcus. “A troll is an evil ugly short male with a crooked nose and a humpback lump between his two shoulder blades.”
On the third table, Balder pointed with laughter at Kruti, “She's right. You are disqualified, Marcus.”
“Ares! I’m Ares.” Marcus smiled at Balder.
Liam nodded, “I am …”
“... a brownie which possesses brown locks and hoods. But he's dressed like a Bobo, the silly kiddie clown that entertains the human kids.” Balder returned back and frowned at the new male teen.
“I beg your pardon!” Liam lifted up his free hand like he was planning a retaliation magical god spell against the ungodly insult on his divine person.
Ares/Marcus pointed at Granny and shook his curls at the new teen god. Granny Hanover wasn’t happy and would punish Liam for the god violation.
Balder smiled. “Are you a fairy? Because a fairy is smaller than an average teen.”
“No, he ain't a fairy! Are you a pygmy from California?” Marcus laughed.
Kruti frowned, “Hey! I come from the US State of California and...”
“She’s a lot prettier.”
“She’s a lot smarter.” Marcus laughed.
“She’s a lot more taller than you are, dude.” Balder chuckled.
“O! Are you a midget?” Marcus commented.
“I am a leprechaun.” Liam shouted out loud with a sour frown.
“Why didn’t you say so, bro? I got tired of guessing.” Marcus laughed.
“Hardy har, har!” He frowned.
“Did you hear it? He is Bobo, the shorter clown.” Marcus pointed with laughter at Liam.
“Marcus is correct for this round.” Balder laughed with the other teens.
“Thank you, Deva Liam and Mrs. Windsor! Come inside, teens! I'm taking over the classroom, right now.” Granny continued to sit and motioned for the new members to take an empty seat among any of the round tables.
“Liam! Just Liam!” The leprechaun shouted out loud and picked the first chair on the first table which was shared with teen goddess Noako, sitting down in the tall chair without seeing the wooden surface.
At the office desk, Granny nodded. “Now, I will address all properly mannered young ladies and gentlemen, as it is so appropriate.”
Balder leaned over and whispered over the brown tinted hair roots on Liam. “Dude, just go with the flow!”
A few feet from the hidden entrance door, Mrs. Windsor chuckled and shoved the two other teens into the classroom. “Don’t worry, teens! They’re tame …”
“… and potty trained. Hey! I riddled a riddle.” Balder turned and nodded to each teen.
“Poem! You riddled a poem, Balder.” Yaffa shook her curls and smiled at the god.
He continued to wave both of his arms in the air and smiled at each teen again, “I riddled a poem.”
“Hush, teens!” Granny continued to sit and sneered at each teen.
“Enjoy your class, kids!” Mrs. Windsor smiled and the spun around exiting the school house building for her farm work.
Bibi moved through the room and selected the fourth table in front of the rear wall of mountains and sky, sitting down but staring out the glass windows admiring the magical image. She reached out and touched the glass while leaning into the tall girl with the long wavy silver tinted hair color. “The glass window is really cold like a piece of ice on my finger. And there is a pile of snow tacked on the bottom of the front porch. What kind of place is this?”
Thianne turned and smiled at the nose profile on the new student, “Hi! I’m Thianne by the way. This building is our school house structure for learning stuff while developing our super powers and off limits to anyone, not human or else. We can change the setting or the environment or the physical layout of the entire building to match our mood for the day.”
“Wow! This is really neat.” Bibi smiled through the window at the view of the mountains.
“Tomorrow, you can select the setting, the temperature and the new scenery for the room during our class time.”
“Really! Can I? I can.”
“No prob! The rest of the farm is a wildlife home for all stray and abandoned animals of any kind.”
“I guess, I’m the newest refugee, huh?” Bibi dropped her jaw line and stared down at the floor, closing her two eyelashes, exhaling with sadness.
She gasped in alarm and looked down at the black tinted hair roots on Bibi. “No! Why do you say such a thing like that, Bibi?”
Bibi lifted up and viewed Thianne. “I’m a pixie creature. I think. I don’t know. I know that I have no parents, no home, no money, no city and no nothing. I was happily living with my adoptive family two days ago, until they were killed ...”
Thianne reached out and posed her hand at the collar bone on Bibi. “I’m so sorry about your loss, Bibi. Relax! We, here, have all been adopted by Mr. and Mrs. Windsor. They’re very nice people who run the park.”
“Do we work for them to get money to pay for our living expenses? Do I start working in the gardens or the house, today or tomorrow?”
Thianne leaned over and hugged the frightened girl, pulling back with a smile. “I don’t think you understand, Bibi. We are here to train and enhance our special talents, abilities, or whatever else you possess at a metaphysical level for growth and improvement to become active and responsible young goddess.” She had almost recited Granny Hanover’s speech for the new three supernatural creatures, who had traveled from every part within the USA to continue their supernatural training to become a full god or goddess at their adulthood.
“So, am I not a slave or a servant for these set of new peoples?”
She shook her silver tinted curls. “Never! We attend the local school during the week a certain number of days in the mornings and in the afternoons. Then we practice, study, and mediate with our special talents of a growing and learning goddess-in-training.”
“This is an animal park. Who helps out all of the animals?”
She smiled. “Mr. and Mrs. Windsor employ paid staff members to handle all the domestic duties and domestic animals. We are encouraged to enhance their farm duties with our particular talents.”
“What particular talents?”
She slapped her chest. “As a goddess-in-training, I possess the goddess powers of a healing touch with all life forms. I can place both of my hands on your wound and then heal it.”
“Wow! Neat trick!”
She nodded. “Yeah! So cool! I found out one day, when one of my cats fought with another mean female and then received a big ugly wound cut on his torn stomach tissues. I placed both of my hands down my cat for comfort and then I healed him. Poof! Just like that, I can help an injured animal.”
“Do you think I can do that?”
She frowned. “I don’t know. I can say working around the farm with those animals and these animals here inside the school classroom will definitely uncover your goddess talents that you have never dreamed of.”
Bibi giggled and lifted both of her hands wiggling the fingers. “I feel that I’m in good hands, my new friend Thianne.”
In front of the classroom, Granny yelled out loud. “Please, sit down, teens! We have more work to accomplish, before the sun sets in the west.”
“I need to pee,” Marcus rose from the long bench with a smirk and spun around heading to the far wall corner for the single bathroom stall which was shared by all the teens.
She looked up and sneered at Marcus, “Deva Marcus, I have reminded and reprimanded you over and over again to attend this classroom after seeing to your biological functions and not to use vulgar language in my presence.”
“I gotta go,” Marcus smiled. “Granny.”
“I can see you will require extra duties this late afternoon after the sun sets. You are excused, Deva Marcus.” Granny frowned at the back spine on Marcus.
He sung out loud with laughter, “I thank you. My bladder thanks you. My liver thanks you. My…” He hustled inside the small room and closed the bathroom door.
In front of the classroom, Granny cleared her throat and nodded. “Let us start from the beginning …”
“Not today, Granny! Let us start in the middle, yeah!” Archibald tossed both of arms in the air and turned to see each teen laughing with some of the teens.
“Deva Archibald!”
He returned back and frowned at Granny, dropping down both of his arms, slapping the hard surface with a smile. “I prefer the name of Shango, Granny. My …”
“Deva Archibald, do you require some additional sets of duties after sunset?”
“No, ma’am, Granny!” Archibald lowered his jaw line and shook his bald mound to her.
“Excellent! Allow me to proceed with our numerous daily academic lessons.” Granny stood upright from the metal office chair and gently swayed back and forth on five feet and five inches body frame smoothing down her new S-Sung beige colored silk dress which contained pictures of little red apples. Then she lifted her hand and stroked the hand-crafted beaded necklace made of black and yellow hand-painted bumblebees, a nervous habit.
The woman simply was known as “Granny Hanover.” She wasn’t a grandma or held a blood or non-blood grandchildren within her crooked arms. She was the old wise mentor here at the Windsor Farms which was located in the United States of America, within the great state of Alabama, and inside the city limits of Fultondale, which was a miles from metro city Birmingham. Windsor Farms was classified as a wildlife sanctuary for hurt and abandoned wild animals and all the local farm animal and vast food crops.
Granny resided inside a medium-sized house on top of ridge beyond the vast rows of crops fields and land of animal pastures. She had been with Mr. and Mrs. Windsor, since the beginning of time.
Her age was unknown. Her first name was unknown. Her family was unknown. Her origin was unknown. Her future was known only to her.
She was the senior adult caretaker for all the teenagers, who resided here at Windsor Farms starting at the age of fourteen years up to eighteen years old, until the teenager graduated into adult god and goddess society.
Granny Hanover always wore her long light brown hair in a tight bun with a ting of gray highlighted in her overflowing forehead bangs floating above her pair of hazel eyes. She presented a tone of pale and proper manners and knowledgeable information about various topics ranging from earth nature, industry business, sociology, physical science, heavens and the universe. She assisted with each student learning the proper god or goddess skills from first aid injuries to first time incantations at the Windsor Farms. She could speak sixty-six different languages, including Ancient Greek, Latin and Hebrew as the teacher for studying the cosmos and heavens also.
In front of the classroom, Granny nodded. “Before we began, can any teen name the pristine Alpine peak displayed through one of all of the snow-covered glass windows?” She was proper, not popular. Her personality could freeze a volcano during its spitting fiery fire and ash eruption.
“You gods, the Bernese Alps, including the 10,530 feet high Les Diableries massif, is named for the mystical devils that play skittles on its peaks.” Chun continued to sit at the second table and smiled at Granny. The heated kettle on top of the wood stove blew out a plume of white steam in the air waves. Each one of the teens laughed out loud.
“Knew that too!” Archibald smiled.
“You did not, man!” Marcus returned from the bathroom in silence and then sat down next to Thianne, insulting Archibald, reaching out and slapped his friend on the backs pine.
Archibald jumped quickly than scary doe out of headlight range.
Granny offered. “Excellent answer, Devi Chun! To our three newest arrivals, welcome to Windsor Farms, the home of devas and devis.”
Kruti frowned at the teacher. “We have voted Granny. A female is called a diva, not a devi.”
Archibald nodded with a smile and slapped his chest. “And the men …”
“What men, Shango?” Kruti turned and winked at the teen.
Archibald smiled. “A guy is called a god.”
Granny continued to stand and chuckled at each student face. “I am most amused with both the girl and boy tall tales or pretend stories and make-believe wishes here inside the classroom. Therefore, I will ignore both of the requests. The good news for our three newcomers, you possess special powers, gifts, talents, and abilities. The bad news, you are not a god or goddess, yet.”
On the last fourth table, the new goddess Bibi returned around and stared at Granny, saying out loud her mental thoughts, “I don’t understand.” Her pair of adoptive parents taught Bibi was a supernatural creature living here on Planet Earth, until her parents returned back to the planet and her life.
“You are a deva or a devi.” Granny nodded.
Bibi smiled. “She said that twice.”
Granny nodded. “The proper noun means you are a half-way god or goddess. A deva is the masculine version for a non-adult god. A devi is the feminine form of for a non-adult goddess. Both words come from the Proto-Indo-European language…”
“…way back, before I was born.” Shango/Archibald laughed.
“Am I? I am.” Rachel frowned.
Granny continued. “This term also means you are not an asura or an asuri.”
“Each asura and every asuri is a subordinate creature to us.” Ares/Marcus smiled.
“Gods …” Shango/Archibald smiled.
“… and divas.” Pele/Yaffa grinned.
“We have a race of slaves that serve us, gods and goddesses.” Bibi turned and frowned at Thianne.
“Each asura and every asuri is more like a servant.” Pele/Yaffa nodded.
Granny nodded. “Each asura always looks down toward the feet of their deva. This is an ancient expression.”
“So cool!” Bibi grinned to Thianne. Thianne smiled.
Granny nodded. “Each asura is a male. Every asuri is a female version.”
“What!” Rachel gasped in shock at Granny.
“Each asura and every asuri is a half-way demon.” Granny nodded.
“I’m totally confused here.” Bibi shook her curls.
“Half-a-demon, what is that one?” Rachel frowned.
Granny nodded. “Simply put here! Even a half-a-demon is still an evil angel that resides in fire hell. The purpose of our class is to discuss your supernatural role within the universe, not an un-related topic like a full time or part time or half-way demon from fire hell, Devi Rachel.”
“Yes ma’am!” Rachel offered with a nod.
“For the new three students, a deva and a devis can control the elements of Mother Nature. You are a group of celestial super beings that control forces of nature, such as, fire, air, wind, sky, trees, rain, etcetera.” Granny flipped her free hand and continued to stroke her necklace which was made of wooden half-carved bumblebees.
“Do you care to elaborate on the etcetera?” Archibald laughed for fun.
“No!” Granny turned and sneered to Archibald.
Archibald stated in a low voice. “That is okay with me, too, Granny.”
She cleared her throat and nodded to each student face, “I will share a famous verse from the Hindu mythology: First fear, the powers from a deva. Second fear, the winds blown from a deva. Third fear, the sun rise from a deva. Fourth fear, the dead strike from a deva. Fifth fear, run!” She laughed out loud and stroked her necklace numerous times. Each teen gasped in shock.
On the fourth table, Marcus swiftly stood upright from the bench and crossed his arms, shouting out loud with laughter. “I heard that! Run, Balder! Run from me, right now and right here!” He laughed with most of the teens.
Granny ignored Marcus and sneered. “You all have numerous weaknesses.”
“Do I? I do.” Bibi turned and gasped at Thianne. Thianne shook her curls with a smile.
On the third table, Balder turned with a smile and winked to petite Bibi, leaning over, gently touching the table, instead of her arm. “Don’t worry, darling! My name is Balder. I will come over and protect you, Bibi.” Granny would strike him with one of her wickedly goddess lightning bolt for any teen male or female improper social behavior. He would live but it would sting his tender skin for hours.
“You are so nice, Balder! Thank you!” Bibi turned and winked at him. He stood back and continued to smile at Bibi while hearing the lecture from Granny.
“You are here to uncover your weakness and compensate for it, Devi Bibi and the rest of the teens.” Granny clapped and nodded with a stern face. “I believe a formal introduction is called for from each teen deva or devi to meet each other. Let’s start with Marcus, since he seems relieved to be here,” she laughed with the other teens and slid back down into her metal chair, staring at Marcus.
On the third table, on top of the shared bench with Thianne, Marcus stood upright from the fuzzy chair and measured six feet and six inches in height with a Mediterranean tawny complexion, a head of short curly black colored hair on a heart shaped face, an aristocratic nose, and a pair of chiseled cheekbones, a set of turquoise colored eyes, and a pair of thin pink tinted lips. He shuffled the suit jacket on his Giorgio Armani tailored gold colored wool suit with a black tinted pocket handkerchief over the back rest of the fuzzy chair and crossed both of his muscled arms bulking through a matching gold tinted long-sleeved buttoned-down dress shirt, nodding with a smile to each teen. “I am Ares.”
At the office desk, Granny frowned. “Deva Marcus, please use your given name and not the ridicule childish pen name that all your class mates have tagged on your god person.”
Marcus unfolded his god pose and wore a sour frown. “What ridicule childish pen name?”
“Deva, your given name, city, state and any curious information you wish to share with our new class mates.”
“I am Marcus from the city of Athens in the county of Greece …”
“Not right!" Archibald laughed and jabbed a finger at Marcus. "You come from the city of Athens within the US State of Georgia here in the USA, bro,” he chuckled with the other teens.
“I’m Greek.” Marcus nodded.
“A geek.” Balder shouted out loud.
“I’m Greek which means I came from a city in Greece.” Marcus nodded.
“No! Your personal birth certificate states that you were birthed in the American city of Athens within the US State of Georgia, bro.” Archibald waved a sheet of paper in the air and laughed out loud.
He turned and gasped in shock, reaching out, grabbing at the paper. “Hey! Give that back to me, moron.”
“Where did that official document come from, Deva Archibald?” Granny frowned.
Archibald continued to wave the paper in the air and away from Marcus, laughing out loud. “O! I had teleported the paper here in my cupped hand coming from his foot locker inside his private bedroom suite inside the farm house.”
“Gimme!” Marcus shouted out loud and snatched the paper, cuddling into his chest, nodding with a stern face.
“You get it, now, bro!” Archibald grinned.
“I’ll beat your big fanny later, little girl.” Marcus looked down and read the paper with a sneer.
“You can try to beat me, little bro.” Archibald returned back and smiled at Granny.
“Hush, teens! Please, continue with your introduction, Deva Marcus.” Granny nodded.
Marcus folded his birth certificate and placed it inside his jacket pocket, nodding to each new student. “And I can read your mind …”
“We all can do that! Marcus, sit your butthole back down!” Balder laughed.
Marcus slapped his chest with a grin. “And I can teleport my body from point A to point B.”
Archibald nodded with a smile. “Ditto, man and woman!”
“And I can lift your heavy fuzzy chair high, higher into the sky without the use of my hands or with my hands. Which would you prefer, Bibi?” Marcus turned and winked at Bibi on his table.
Thian leaned over and winked at Marcus. “Chill out, Romano!”
Granny frowned. “Please, be seated, Deva Marcus! You can see that Marcus is still contemplating his special god talent as we speak. Now, Marcus touched upon a very important point …”
“VIP! Yeah, that’s me.” Marcus continued to stand and slapped his chest, smiling at each teen.
“No! You are not the most important thing inside this room, bro. Sit down, Marcus!” Archibald laughed so hard that his mouth spit flew through the air wave.
“We, the gods, goddesses, spirits, ghosts, goblins, witches, warlocks, pixies, fairies, elves, leprechauns, and the other nice and kind deities within the metaphysical world who work and live here together on Planet Earth, expect for you here inside this classroom.” Granny laughed.
“Your long statement is not funny, Granny!” Balder frowned.
“We all possess varying degrees and levels of supernatural powers, telepathy, kinesis, levitation, teleportation, healing, clairvoyance, shift shaping, projection, invisibility and alchemy. In addition, each one of you possesses a very unique talent to your being or supernatural being, in this case. This academic school house and this nature park provides a safe trial and error atmosphere to uncover your undiscovered new and growing abilities. Therefore, I welcome the newcomers and invite you to participate with me in our classroom and extra duty training session with your unlimited potential.” She smiled.
Marcus continued to stand and pointed at Granny. “Granny, you forget to add the word, fight, as a working god or goddess.”
“The word is really flight for the wimpy Ares.” Balder laughed.
“I’m a war, not a wimpy god, ya idiot!” Marcus sneered at Balder.
Granny nodded. “You don’t know your pantheons for certain secure and protective reasons. However, you are learning to become a future god or a goddess, Deva Marcus. You do not fight ever. You lounge in lazy luxury around lush rich villas of your privileged parents with blinded servants waiting on your person using their hand and foot while obeying your every exotic command.”
Marcus grinned. “I will.”
“One day, you will be in such a place with your father.”
Marcus exhaled with confusion. “I didn’t know, if my father or mother is the deity here.”
“Do you have a hint, Devi Marcus?”
“Nope!” He turned and smiled at Thianne.
“Do you a tiny inkling, Devi Marcus?”
“Naw!”
“Has any supernatural parent communicated with you later, Devi Marcus?”
He shook his black tinted curls. “I wish.”
Granny nodded with a stern face and slapped her dress. “Very well! Part of your social training is not combat fighting or martial arts, hence your inability to manifest a weapon of mass destruction ...”
“What do you mean no weapon or weapons of mass destruction on my enemy?” Marcus whined with a frown.
“That be right, bro!” Archibald turned and nodded with agreement with Granny’s true lesson.
Granny continued. “You are being carefully coifed to hone your talents like I mentioned before from alchemy to teleportation. Does a deva or a devi have any more questions?”
“Introductions are called for here for the three new students. Sit down, Deva Marcus! Thianne, please, continue!” Granny turned and nodded to Thianne.
Marcus sat down and stared at his girl in silence.
“Yes, ma’am!” Thianne stood upright from the shared fuzzy long bench with Marcus, measuring at six feet and zero inches in height. Her body frame slender was painted in an olive skin tone and wore a pair of chocolate brown colored thigh-high leg Cynthia Vincent designer brand suede boots over a pair of Guess designer brand white stretched skinny jeans. A Roberto Cavalli designer brand brown colored poncho rested over her upper body on top of a white Old Navy brand turtleneck shirt and the Ralph Lauren brand fringed brown handbag hung over her fuzzy chair. Her long waistline hair was silver colored with a pair of grey colored eyes.
Thianne turned and viewed each teen with a smile. “Thank you, Granny Hanover! I’m Thianne. I’m from the city of Fultondale which is beyond this mountain ridge here, within the US State of Alabama. I possess the awesome ability to shoot out fire from my open mouth while disintegrating all life forms on contact,” giggling.
“Dang it!” Balder nodded with a smile.
“Heck fire!” Marcus smiled at his girlfriend.
“Hold my spit!” Archibald gasped in shock.
Granny smoothed her dress with one hand and holding her necklace with her free hand. “That is a wonderfully hidden defensive goddess talent, Thianne. Which you have acquired recently, I presume? How did you discover that goddess gift?”
“I guess by trial and error.” Thianne smiled and then sat down, leaning over, giggling with her boyfriend Marcus.
Granny slid down into the metal chair and nodded to students, “Who would like continue the next introduction?”
A teen female stood upright from her fuzzy chair and measured five feet and eight inches in height, displaying a head of curly, dark brown colored, unruly hair down to her collar bones, a pair of light green eyes, and a tone of dark skin. She wore a Versace designer brand dark brown short jacket and skirt, a J. Crew designer brand golden colored metallic silk jacquard tank, a Marc and Marc designer brand pair of golden colored peep-toes, and an Antonio Melani designer brand golden colored tote bag. “I am Kruti and I come from the small town of Bail within the US State of California that has the same name of my sister city in the country of India. Kruti means, a work of art.”
“Ya mean, a piece of work.” Marcus laughed out loud and slapped the hard surface.
“And, what does your given name mean, Marcus?” Archibald turned and smiled at his friend.
Marcus stood upright and crossed both arms over his chest posing like a god, yelling out loud. “Marcus means, war-like, within the Ancient Greek language. Therefore, I truly am Ares, the god ...”
“Sit down, Greek!” Archibald laughed.
“Geek!” Balder beeped.
"Grunt!" Granny laughed out loud for a one second and then sneered at each student face. “Hush, teens! Be seated, Deva Marcus! Please, continue, Devi Kruti!”
Kruti smiled to the audience. “Since I am influenced by the Hindu pantheon, I have chosen the name of Shivaa.”
“Her bad a…assuming nickname,” Archibald chuckled.
Granny held up her palm near a stern face. “Stop there for a moment! For the three newcomers, your fellow deva and devi …”
“Do not use these silly supernatural titles, Granny.” Marcus frowned at Granny.
“Detenerio, Marcus!” Granny turned and sneered at Marcus in the Spanish language, meaning: stop it, Marcus.
“Ares! I’m Ares.” Marcus smiled. “Can't you remember my name, Granny? Are you getting too old for this supernatural job?”
Granny continued to sit and touched her necklace, stroking each bumblebee charm. “Each fellow teen deva and devi have selected without permission from me and for pure entertainment and irritation the nicknames of famous …”
“... or infamous,” Marcus laughed.
Granny huffed with a sneer. “Or the infamous named of gods and goddesses during each rest and refreshment periods and on all social activities, without me around.”
Marcus frowned. “What nicknames, Granny? We have creatively created a fun nickname for each poor half-wit …”
“The word is half-way, fifty percent, two divided by one hundred, you twit,” Thian laughed.
“… half-way gods and goddesses for fun and pretend.” Marcus nodded.
Kruti measured five feet and eight inches in height and displayed a head of curly dark brown hair, a pair of light green eyes. She wore a White House/Black Market designer brand red-tinted flower-patterned knee-length dress in white linen with a wide black colored belt, a pair of black colored fishnet stockings, a pair of black tinted driving gloves and a set of black and white colored Nine West designer brand fashion high heels. A Katherine Kwei red colored clutch sat on top of the hard surface. “Right, Ares!”
Bibi pointed at Kruti. “She changed her clothes. Didn't she change her clothes? You changed your clothes.” She turned and gasped to Thianne. “She has a different outfit from before...”
Thianne leaned over and whispered to Bibi. “Each one of us has the ability to change our clothes, but not our form. Can you change your clothes at any time, Bibi?”
“Yeah, I guess. I can change my clothes…”
“Anytime. Anywhere. Anyway.” Thianne smiled.
Bibi nodded. “Yeah.”
“Good.” Thianne smiled.
Kruti cleared her throat to silence the noisy room gaining the spotlight on her. “I have chosen the name of Shivaa, because the goddess is portrayed as a figure with four arms …”
“That's handy!” Marcus smiled.
“... for trampling the body of a dwarf …” Shivaa, the goddess name for Kruti laughed.
Marcus turned and pointed at the first table with a gasp. “Do you actually hit Liam before he arrived here, Shivaa?”
“I’m a leprechaun, you twit.” Liam sneered back at Marcus.
“Right! Forgot, short man!” Marcus smiled.
At the office desk, Granny turned and sneered at the new student. “Hush, Deva Liam!”
Liam exhaled with annoyance and leaned his chin on top of the hard surface, “It sounds like an arm chair, to me.”
Marcus laughed. “Well, using the law of relativity, you are a foot stool. Ain't that right, Balder?” He turned and grinned to Balder.
“Right, dude!” Balder nodded back to Marcus.
Kruti nodded with a smile. “Myth lore tells that the dwarf had waned evil magic against all the good people, in which, goddess Shivaa smashed earning her the title, the Diva of Destruction.”
“Cool name!” Bibi smiled.
Marcus turned and winked at Kruti. “Do you hear that one? Well, I'm hearing that Shivaa did hit on Liam,” he laughed with the other teens.
Granny reprimanded in the Italian language to cease. “Fermario, Marcus!”
The female goddess measured five feet and one inch in height and displayed a head of short black tinted bob, and a pair of brown eyeballs, wearing a wild flower-pattern in blue, yellow, red, and green dress from Alexander McQueen designer brand. Her body was surrounded by green, yellow, and red droplets of Bulgari designer brand necklaces around her naked neck, a row of bracelets around both of her wrist bones, a pair of earrings on her dangling earlobes, a headband inside her hair roots and a ring on each finger. Her Aimee Krestenberg designer brand crystallized Swarovski handbag rested on top of the hard surface. “You gods, my real name is Chun, which means spring in the Chinese language. I like my goddess name of Kuan Yi, who is the diva of mercy,” giggling.
“Merci with all that jewelry around your neck, arms, hands,” Marcus laughed.
Balder frowned. “Shut up, Marcus!”
He turned and frowned at Balder, “Ares! I’m Ares.”
Granny continued to sit and stroked her necklace. “Please continue, Devi Chun.”
“The Chinese pantheon represents patience, tenderness, and love which emphasized our decorative elements that was shown in forms of long ropes of pearls, jewelry, and falling scarves from the collar bones. I come from the tiny town of Tibet within the US State of New York which is parallel to the sister city of Tibet within the country of China.” Kuan Yi sat down and nodded to each student face.
“I am named Josefina, but everyone refers to me as Is Chel, which is the Diva of Medicine. The proper noun, Josefina, means lucky. I’m from the town of Carlsbad within the US State of New Mexico and my sister city of Carlsbad is located within the country of Mexico. My special goddess talents, I really don’t know, yet.” She measured five feet and six inches in height and wore a layered beaded chiffon Jonathan Simkhai designer brand top underneath a BB Dakota designer brand black colored jacket blazer which was paired with a pair of silver tinted sweatpants on top of a pair of black tinted peep-toed Betsey Johnson designer brand high heels. Her Coach designer brand black colored leather clutch rested on top of the hard surface.
The tall male with the shoulder length blonde hair and wore a Juicy Couture designer brand multi-plaid red and blue body vest, a red colored long-sleeved shirt, a pair of Lee designer brand blue jeans and a pair of Havaianas brand flip-flops. He possessed a pair of pale blue eyes and measured six feet and five inches in height. He stood upright from the fuzzy chair and held both of his arms outward as a sign of openness and care of character. “I am the love god. My name is Balder, who is here at your service.” He bowed down at his fitted waistline to the class and stood upright, smiling to each student.
“Now, roll over, Hansel!” Archibald laughed.
“And Gretel is located inside the kitchen, eating a stack of pancakes with rich sweet maple syrup.” Marcus laughed.
“Are you really named from a nursery rhyme, sir?” Liam frowned at Balder.
“Hansel is my given name. I am most honored to proclaim along with my adopted nationality of Sweden ...”
“No! You are an American like the rest of us, man.” Marcus frowned.
“My adoptive parents had come from the country of Sweden. So, I honor them too.” Balder nodded.
“Whatever, man!” Marcus flipped both of  his hands in the air.
“I hale from the city of Lund within the US State of Utah.” Balder smiled.
He pointed at Balder. “Did you hear that? Balder is an American like me, him, her,” laughing.
“Hush, Deva Marcus!” Granny sneered.
He slapped his chest and winked at Granny, “Ares! My name is Ares.”
Hansel continued. “I like for my friends, only my friends, not my enemies, which I don’t have at the moment, but I might be starting to acquire to refer to me as Balder. I am a god in the Norse mythology associated with light, beauty, love and happiness. I can make you very happy, Bibi,” he turned and winked at the cute girl. She blushed in pink hue.
“Heel, Balder!” Thian shook his bone skull with laughter.
Standing from the chair, the god male measure six feet and four inches in height, displaying no hair and a pair of dark brown eyes. He wore a John Varvatos dark blue sweater, a pair of matching slacks, and a pair of dark blue Billy Reid Beatty Side zip boots. He nodded. “Archibald...”
“Aren’t you bald?" Marcus clapped and laughed. "Get it? Got it! Go! That’s a great line. Aren’t you bald? Get it? Got it, dude! Go, pal!” He continued to chuckle with some of the other teens. Thianne reached over and smacked the bicep on Marcus while laughing at the funny joke.
“What does your given name mean, Shango?” Balder smiled.
Granny nodded with a smile. “The proper name of Archibald means, truly bold.”
Marcus yelled out loud and pointed at Archibald. “Truly bald! No hair. Got it? Get it! Go! ” He started to clap and laughed out loud. “The gods made you right, man! Thanks for the confirmation, Granny!”
“I am called Shango. Shango is the god of rain, thunder and sorcerers coming from the Thunder pantheon within the country of Africa. I came from the town of Jamestown within the US State of Virginia, not the same city in the county of Africa.” He continued to stand as the audience admired him and his new suit.
“Down, Archibald!” Thian shook his bone skull and laughed out loud.
The female goddess measured five feet and six inches in height and dressed in the Channel designer brand red and gray colored plaid jumpsuit with a pair of furry ankle cuffs, a pair of Ugh designer brand gray colored fake fur boots. Her Zac Posen gray colored handbag sat on top of the hard surface. She nodded. “I am Noako which means the esteemed one in the Japanese language. I am from the city of Sapporo within the US State of New York with the same city sister in the country of Japan. I picked out the goddess of wisdom, who is called Dainichi. And I just learned to turn my body invisible.” Noako completely disappeared from eye sight for three seconds and then de-materialized in plain view with a different fashion outfit.
Bibi clapped with a smile, “Cool power!”
Thianne clapped with a grin, “Awesome, Dainichi.”
“Go girl!” Kruti tossed both of her arms in the air and nodded with a smile.
“Not bad!” Marcus nodded with a stern face.
“I’m better!” Balder slapped his chest and nodded with a grin.
“You are not and cannot and is not better, Balder.” Archibald frowned at his friend.
“I’m not!” Josefina frowned.
Handel nodded with a smile. “I’m hungry.”
Granny nodded to each student face. “As I mentioned before, you are here to learn and discover all of your special god or goddess gifts. Congratulations, Devi Noako!”
“Thank you, Granny!” Dainichi continued to stand and smiled to each student.
“Sit down, Devi Noako.” Granny sneered.
“Yes ma’am!” Dainichi sat down and smiled.
The female goddess measured five feet and eight inches in height and displayed a head of long dirty blonde colored hair, a pair of aqua colored eyes. She slowly stood upright from the fuzzy chair and nodded with a smile. “My name is Yaffa. My proper name means beautiful in the Hawaiian language. But I like my goddess nickname better. I am Pele, the diva of fire.” She laughed. “I come from the island of Maui, like you can’t tell.” She wore an INC designer brand military jacket, a green tinted tee shirt, a pair of Calvin Klein designer brand destroyed dark green colored jeans which were tucked down into a pair of OTBT designer brand knee-high boots. Her Chloe green colored handbag rested on top of the hard surface table.
Shango smiled. “Go ahead and show them, Pele! Produce a fireball in your hand for a tiny demonstration.”
“That is not necessary here!” Granny frowned, “Sit down, Devi Yaffa.”
“Yes, ma’am.” Yaffa sat down with a smile.
Granny nodded to the next teen. “Fabio, please introduce yourself to the new three devas and devis.”
“That’s my name. I come from the city of Naples within the US State of Florida, not the city of Naples within the country of Italy. I am Mithras. I am the soldiers’ god.” Fabio measured six feet and six inches in height and exhibited a head of light blonde colored shoulder length hair, a pair of mint green eyes. He wore the Kean Etro designer brand zephyr silk gray colored sports jacket and a matching pair of gray pants, a bright green gauzy tee shirt, a gray colored wafer-thin necktie and a gray tinted pocket handkerchief. He wore a pair of black colored leather loafers.
“What does your given name mean, bro?” Marcus turned with laughter and winked at Thianne, reaching out, touching her hair. She giggled.
“Mithras slay the mighty bull giving life to the earth. He had followers from the Roman army. He was called the soldiers’ god. Did I answer all of your stupid question, Marcus?”
Marcus slapped his chest with a sour frown. “Ares, man! I am Ares.”
“What does your given name translate into for the three newcomers?” Granny smirked.
“He is too afraid to say the word.” Shango chuckled.
“Why are you afraid, Fabio?” Liam frowned.
“The word fabio means a bean in the Italian language.” Shango laughed.
“Would that be a black or white or green bean?” Balder laughed.
Marcus clapped and laughed, “The more ya eat, the more ya…”
“Stop it, Marcus!” Granny frowned and pointed to Thian.
The teenage male god displayed a head of silver tinted shoulder length hair and measured six feet and six inches in height. He possessed a pair of gray eyes and wore a pair of Levi designer brand blue jeans and a Burn U short-sleeved, tee shirt, and a pair of Jack Purcell designer brand white tinted athletic sneakers. He slowly stood upright from the chair and nodded with a smile. “Last, but, not least ...”
“Last and the least!” Marcus chuckled. Thianne reached over and slapped his bicep. He turned and winked at her.
“Thian is our god leader.” Balder smiled.
Marcus slapped his chest, “Hey! I’m the leader ...”
“... leader of trouble, pain and suffering.” Shango chuckled.
“What god is that?” Balder frowned.
“Hindus god Dukka represents trouble, pain, and suffering.” Shivaa smiled.
“Not I!” Marcus frowned.
Shango/Archibald laughed, “Yes, the Greek.”
“The geek!” Balder/Hansel laughed.
“Hush, Ares!” Thianne frowned and punched Marcus for her brother.
Thian nodded with a smile. “My name is Thian. I was born and raised …”
“…. like a hog on a farm …” Ares/Marcus laughed.
“What does the proper name Thian translate into?” Balder/Hansel frowned.
“Smooth!” Thian smirked.
“Cool, man! You’re smooth!” Shango/Archibald lifted his palm for a high-five. Thian slapped the hand on his friend with laughter.
“Both of you are twins, a girl and a boy. What does the proper name Thianne mean?” Balder/Hansel turned and smiled at Thianne.
“I have never found a reference to my given name.” Thianne clarified.
“The proper name Thianne means, my smooth sister.” Thian leaned down and slapped the collar bone on Marcus. Marcus was busy touching and caressing the five fingers on his sister, instead of listening to the lecture. Thian frowned. “So, back off, Ares! Before I come and hurt you really bad.” Marcus removed his hand and smiled at Thian.
Thian nodded to each student face. “I was birthed here in Fultondale, within the US State of Alabama.”
“The metro place, where the Americans do not have a single pagan god or goddess wall poster.” Ares/Marcus laughed.
“Yes, we do!” Thian smiled.
Ares/Marcus gasped. “What!”
Thian nodded. “First commander and first US President George Washington is a national hero. His confession as a young boy of cutting down his father’s cherry tree is a myth but it is based on a moral value emphasizing the quality of honesty.” He chuckled. “So, honestly, I am the god George.”
“Yay, Thian!” Balder/Hansel clapped with a smile.
“Go, Thian!” Pele/Yaffa clapped with a grin.
Shango/Archibald clapped and nodded with a smile, “Our leader!”
Ares/Marcus frowned. “Shut up, Thian!”
Granny slowly stood upright from the chair and clutched her necklace. “I am named Granny. I am a lexicon of magical words, spells, and incantations.”
“Does she have other goddess powers?” Bibi nodded at Granny.
“I do not know.” Thianne stared at Granny.
“O! She does. She is bossy.” Bibi smiled.
“I, also, have perfect hearing, Devi Bibi.” Granny smiled.
“Before our valuable lesson for the day commences, does a devi or deva have a question, especially coming from the three new arrivals?” Granny asked.
Bibi asked. “What is the difference between a deva and an asura?”
Shivaa reached over and slapped Mithras hard on the shoulder. “Here! This is a deva or a male half-god.” She pointed at her chest. “Each female is a diva, a half-goddess. I do believe you want to inquire about a male asura and a female asuri.”
Granny commented. “These are very good questions, Devi Bibi! An asura and an asuri do not require the same kind of sustenance, meaning no drinking beverage or a plate of eating food.”
“Does a god or a goddess need to eat and drink?” Bibi asked.
“Very much so!” Granny answered.
“Good! Because I like to drink, a lot!” Ares/Marcus smirked.
“You’re underage, Ares, for one free single closed bottle of cold beer, bro.” Shango frowned at Marcus.
Ares/Marcus nodded. “When I get overage, I know that I’ll like beer, lots of beer, cases of ...”
“Let this be a stern warning here! No alcohol is served to a minor here on the farm. And if I catch you ...” Granny let her nasty words linger in the air waves.
“We obey the laws, all the time, Granny.” Thian as the leader nodded with a smile to Granny and spun around, sneering at the teen god Marcus.
“Very well!” Granny smiled and smoothed her dress at the hips. “An asura also does not possess the god or goddess talent of invisibility. You can see one and they can see you. Are there any more interesting topics of discussion for the day school session?”
“Where does a unicorn live here on Planet Earth?” Thianne smiled.
“That is a very good question, Thianne! You are a supernatural creature. What makes you think the tender-hearted, good-natured creatures, which is called a unicorn does not exist, Deva Marcus?” Granny nodded.
Marcus sneered. “Hey! If my girl ...”
“She is not your girl, dog. Do you recall the hurting part?” Thian turned and sneered at Marcus.
Marcus smiled. “If the lovely and intelligent Thianne thinks a unicorn is alive and lives around here, then I do truly believe her.”
Balder chuckled. “Since, Marcus still does believe in Santa Claus.”
“The elves, I like each one of the girl elves.” Marcus smirked.
Granny nodded. “A unicorn is the most mysterious of the mythical creatures as told in the ancient scrolls.” She waved one of her hands in the air. Each glass window with a view of the mountains turned into a black screen showing a white tinted standing unicorn with a white tinted horn. “The animal has been glorified in folk tales, songs, poems, and stories for centuries. The creature remains one of the great unsolved mysterious of the world.”
“Cool unicorn image!” Bibi stared at the side wall with a smile.
Josefina frowned. “If it is ever seen ...”
Granny instructed to the new student. “For the one new deva and the two new devis, during these open discussion threads, please assist me with any known facts ...”
“… or fiction.” Kruti nodded.
“… and science fiction.” Balder laughed.
“Marcus is science fiction creature,” Archibald laughed.
Granny lectured. “No science fiction is accepted here. Only the facts or the known myths as termed to aid in the audio and visual presentation here inside my classroom. I have placed the image of a white horse with a single horn in the middle its forehead on the screen. Now, add all or none of your comments.” The screen started moving and showed a prancing with creature.
Balder/Hansel smiled at the prancing horse. “A unicorn is strong, wild, fierce, and impossible to tame by a man ...”
“… placing it in the same realm as the dead and gone dinosaurs.” Shango/Archibald laughed. The screen split revealing a set of tall dinosaurs and a pasture of colorful unicorns.
Mithras/Fabio frowned at the screen. “Wait! The species of dinosaurs were real and lived back in 10,000 BC ...”
“… along with the unknown creature Bigfoot ...” Kuan Yi/Chun smiled.
“It is real too!” Ares/Marcus nodded.
Pele/Yaffa frowned. “No, Marcus! Bigfoot is not alive and well living here on the planet.”
Ares/Marcus tilted a head nod to the third table with laughter. “Yeah. It is right over there. Are you blind, Pele?”
“Where is it located at, Marcus?” Is Chel/Josefina turned and scanned the screen.
Ares/Marcus spun around with laughter and faced the rear wall with the gigantic television screen, lifting both of his hands near his smile, changing the picture of the cute field of colorful unicorns and the land of tall ugly dinosaurs into a tall blonde-haired teen male. He pointed at the screen with more laughter along with some of the teens, “The ugly gross form of Balder is really in reality Bigfoot. Don't see the familiar pair of hairy arms, two large hands and the eyebrows. Well, Bigfoot had only one long hairy eyebrow …”
“I can see and hear that Marcus requires more punishment duties for this late afternoon, after the sun sets.” Granny frowned at the rear skull on Marcus in the third table.
“Dang it, Granny!” He spun around and frowned at Granny.
“And the Loch Ness monster is really real too.” Hansel/Balder laughed.
“Which has never been seen by a pair of supernatural or human eyeballs?” Thian shook his backwards baseball cap with a sour frown.
Pele/Yaffa nodded with a smile. “But cute and tall and wet Nessy had been photographed by the internet water fans about one hundred million times.”
Kuan Yi/Chun nodded with a smile. “Some folks believe that a field of colorful sparkling unicorns exist in some of the more remote regions...”
“Where are these regions located at, Kuan Yi?” Thianne turned and gasped in shock at Chun on the second table.
Is Chel/Josefina nodded with a smile. “And each unicorn can only be uncovered or discovered by one with exceptional virtue and honesty.”
“That leaves Marcus out!” Shango/Archibald laughed out loud.
Ares/Marcus viewed each teen and slapped his chest, “I’m virtuous too.”
“But are you really honest, bro?” Thian laughed.
He smiled with a nod. “I am a honest god, too. Are you honest, Balder?”
Balder/Handel slowly stood upright from the fuzzy chair with a stern face and slapped his chest with a nod. “Absolutootly, I'm the most honest and honorable teen god on this planet, ever.”
Shango/Archibald teased Marcus. “Wait! I think I hear rolling loud thunder.”
“… and I see numerous bolts of bright yellow tinted lightning. Duck!” Ares/Marcus hopped down and slid on the floor trying to fit his tall frame underneath the tiny fake animal covered round table.
“Shut up, Marcus!” Balder/Handel sat back down on the shared bench seat with the white tinted fake fur and frowned at the back spine on Marcus.
On the first table with Rachel and Liam, Dainichi/Noako spoke with an enhanced voice in deep alto. “Unicorns exist within the country of China and are solid white colored with the body of a deer, a tail of an ox, four hooves of a horse, and a single short white tinted horn stuck in their furry forehead. The belly hair is soft. In the countryside of Chinese, if you see an unicorn, then you experience a good omen.”
“You’re exaggerating the Chinese myth, Dainichi.” Kuan Yi/Chun shook her curls and yelled with puzzlement.
Dainichi/Noako turned and nodded back to Chun. “No. I do not exaggerate. A unicorn is alive and true in the country of China.”
“Truly!” Marcus leaned over and smiled into the cheekbone on Thianne. She was taking down a set of personal notes and typing on her computer tablet while ignoring his playful advances on each one of her body parts.
Is Chel/Josefina smiled. “A unicorn had been sighted by both Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden.”
Thianne muttered with a sad face down at the computer screen on the tablet. “Adam and Eve can’t help me now.”
“I can help you, baby. What do you need, Thianne?” Ares/Marcus leaned over and poked his nose bridge into her eardrum with a smile.
On the first table, Dainichi/Noako shouted out loud over the teen banter. “In the country of China, a white tinted unicorn had been by Emperors Fu His, Huang Di, and Yao. There! A unicorn exists still in the country of China.”
Ares/Marcus spun around to see Noako and shouted out loud for fun. “Some dang fu powerful stuff to me,” he chuckled with the other teens.
“And Confucius.” Dainichi/Noako nodded with a smile.
“And I am totally confused, right here and right now, for us.” Ares/Marcus shouted out loud and the spun around with a smile, leaning over, gently touching her numerous body parts.
“Please, Ares!” Thianne wiggled from his touch and continued to type on the keyboard pad with her personal class notes.
Shango/Archibald pointed at Marcus and laughed out loud. “You’re always confused, that’s not new, Marcus.”
Mithras/Fabio nodded with a smile. “Alexander the Great saw the unicorn too.”
“That’s the greatest for us and him.” Marcus spun around and shouted out loud to his classmates, spinning back around, whispering into her cheekbone. “Thianne.”
“Shut up, Marcus!” Shango/Archibald frowned.
“Ares! I’m Ares.” He turned and frowned at Archibald.
Pele/Yaffa nodded with a grin to her classmates. “Roman Emperor Julius Caesar saw the unicorn within the deep forests on the southwestern country of Germany.”
Thianne muttered and typed down the new information in her computer tablet. “That's a good hint! A unicorn lives in the deep forests and in cool temperatures.”
Ares/Marcus continued to whisper with confusion at her class note. “Thianne, what are you doing there, taking class notes? We don't have to take down any class notes. Our classes are easy and fun.”
New teen student Rachel nodded with a smile to her new classmates. “Genghis Khan and his adventures told his generals that he had saw a unicorn within the country of India.”
Hansel/Balder smiled. “The fable goes like this. A unicorn is attracted to the chastity on a maiden or the floral perfume of her sundress.”
“That's another good hint!” Thianne mumbled and continued to type on the keyboard with the new information.
Shango/Archibald nodded with a stern face to his classmates. “An ancient old tale goes something like this. The horn on the dead unicorn can cure a fever, the Black Plague, epilepsy fits, dog, rabbit and raccoon rabies, the gout, and a host of other sickly ailments. That I don't possess, so I don't need the horn from a dead and unknown and can't locate sweet unicorn,” he laughed with the other teens.
“You must include the exterior set of sour bad breath molecules leaking out from the parted lips on Marcus on your terrible sickly aliment list, Shango.” Balder/Hansel laughed.
Ares/Marcus spun around with a gasp and pointed at his friend with laughter. “O no! Not me! It is your stinky feet, Balder. Do you see and smell? He only wears a pair of flippie-floppies to vent his smelly, ugly pale colored Bigfoot hoofers,” he laughed with the other teens but Thianne.
Dainichi/Noako nodded with a smile. “From the dead unicorn, its ripped off soft hide produces nice leather shoes and belts that came worn around the body.”
He stood upright from the bench seat and waved both of his arms in the air, shaking his bone skull. “Shoes and belts and hair curlers, the creature does not exist, ya'll. The creature has never existed, gods and goddesses. Where do you teens create these unfounded rumors from the outer space air waves?”
"Outer space does not contain air or oxygen molecules, Ares!" Yaffa laughed. "He failed science and science fiction classes, books, and Hollywood movie films," she chuckled with the other teens.
Dainichi/Noako sneered at Marcus. “My vital and accurate information is not an untruth or a stupid rumor. The Chinese culture and people firmly believe in a field of colorful unicorns. Individual people see the unicorn and their family unit running around the forests all the time in the country of China.”
He laughed. “Apparently, the Chinese people see, eat, and wear the dead unicorn body parts like a freaky cowboy from the American Wild, Wild West,” he chuckled with some of the teens.
Dainichi/Noako growled at Marcus. “If you draw a ring with the horn from a dead unicorn, then you are protected from every evil thing.”
Ares/Marcus swiftly stood upright and yelled out loud with a smile, waving both of his arms in the air. “After our intense debate, right here and right now, my enlightened understanding of the unicorn is strong, fierce, wild, magical and a babe magnet. Forget about the horn! Give me the whole entire complete animal for eating, wearing, and fighting all evil here within a cruel world,” he danced side to side and hummed a rock and rock song. The other teens swiftly stood upright from the seat and danced around also.
In front of the class, inside her metal chair, Granny nodded to each face. “All right! Thanks for the dance show! Sit down, devas and devis!" Each teen sat back down and stared at Granny. She nodded with a smile. "The final information or myth, in this case, says that a unicorn has never been photographed here on Planet Earth by a human or a god or a goddess. However, in the printed textbook, which had been written in year 1624, all unicorns are related to the star constellation of Monoceros. The star constellation is called the ‘unicorn star’ and is mentioned within the Helvetius catalog of 1690. The Milky Way Galaxy runs through the center of the Monoceros star constellation and is comprised of 146-star clusters, which are all visible to the naked eye.” She pointed at the rear wall which had been morphed into a human television screen.
The current photograph of teen gold Hansel had been replaced with a black outer space and a twinkling star cluster. Each teen face looked up and smiled at the new picture on the screen.
Granny dropped her hand and nodded to the screen. “An ancient myth says the star cluster moves about tracking the unicorn here on Planet earth. If you trace the star cluster trajectory here on the Earth plane, then you will find the location of the unicorn. The unicorn family, including dad, mom, and babies all graze for their food during the bright moonlight. The unicorn is not a day animal but a wanderer of the eve. The myth is called ‘the unicorn in the sky.’”
“Whoa! A periscope of the sky.” Marcus smiled at the screen.
“Your analogy should say: a telescope of the sky, Ares.” Shivaa/Kruti nodded.
“I said that.” He frowned at the screen.
“Unicorn of the sky, that's the place I need to be.” Thianne repeated the words with both wonder and awe with a grin and switched the electronic application on the computer screen tablet, exploring the Monoceros star map above the world. Then she calculated out and tracked a living unicorn on the Earth plane with a smile and typed the information inside her tablet.
In front of the classroom, Granny nodded to each face. “The theory also states a unicorn can become tamed and captured only by a lovely virgin.”
“Now, that innocent rumor I do believe.” Marcus leaned over with a smile and smuggled his nose bridge into the smooth cheekbone on Thianne. She blushed with the public display of sweet male affection and stopped typing while giggling at his slick moves on her naked skin.
“The end!” Granny nodded at the screen and wiggled her hand, removing the image.
“The end for Marcus!” Thian spun around in his seat and sneered at the rear skull on Marcus, who was too close into all of the body parts on his biological sister. He leaned over and slapped the back spine on Marcus.
Marcus quickly pulled away from his girl Thianne with a gasp and spun around with a grunt, sneering at her biological twin brother Thian for a fist bruise or a death kill.
Thianne stood upright from her chair and turned with a smile and a nod to each teen, “Thanks from me to each one of you so much for the newly shared and collected information on a field of colorful unicorns. I really appreciated the swift and accurate conversational topic, for fun, of course,” she sat down and smiled, looking back down at the computer tablet screen, reading the new information in silence.
In front of the classroom, in her hard metal chair, Granny clapped with a smile. “Breakout sessions!”
On the third table, Balder/Fabio tossed both of his arms in the air and nodded with a smile. “Baja bike racing.”
On the second table, Is Chel/Josefina stood upright and nodded with a smile to the teens. “Opera.”
On the third table, Shango/Archibald tossed both of his arms in the air and nodded with a grin. “Kite board water surfing.”
On the second table, Shivaa/Kruti stood upright from her seat and nodded with a grin, “Ballet.”
Thian spun back around to see Granny and continued to sit, nodding with a smile, tossing one arm in the air. “I second and vote for the kite board water surfing,” he wiggled his fingers for attention as Granny was the monitor of the classroom and the breakout session topic every day.
Pele/Yaffa swiftly stood upright from her chair and danced side to side, yelling out loud with a wicked grin at Granny. “Beheading of Empress Marie Antoinette of France.”
Shango/Archibald turned and frowned at Yaffa. “You’re sick, Pele!”
Balder/Hansel stood upright from his chair and danced sideways with fun, shouting out loud to Granny. “World War Three.”
Is Chel/Josefina frowned at Hansel. “World War Three has never, ever occurred here on the planet, Balder.”
“Man, I just predicted the future, a new world war. I'm good. I'm great. I'm a good, great god.” Balder slapped his chest and laughed out loud with fun.
Shango/Archibald turned and sneered at his god friend, “Shut up, Balder!”
Ares/Marcus stopped sneering at Thian among his private, personal war with her biological twin brother and stood upright, waving both of his arms in the air, shouting out loud with a smile to Granny. “Battles, wars, killings, blood proteins, pink guts and rolling tears! Yay! Yeah! Right! Might!”
“A real god or goddess does not cry a single tear, Ares!” Pele/Yaffa crossed her arms and sneered at Marcus.
Shango/Archibald spun around and frowned at the teen god. “You’re more sicker than Pele, Ares.”
“I am a war god. Yay!” Marcus slapped his chest and nodded with a grin to Granny.
“That is only a stupid and silly Ancient Greek or Roman or Celtic nickname, you fool. Your proper given name, at the moment of birth, is Marcus,” Shango/Archibald laughed.
“I’m Greek.” Marcus crossed his arms and stood in his god stance, nodding to Granny.
Thian laughed. “A geek.”
“I’m at a modern day old fashioned Greek god.” Marcus yelled out loud.
Mithras/Fabio laughed, “A geek goober.”
“Marcus, the geek goober from the city of Athens within the State of Georgia, USA. USA. USA.” Hansel laughed.
“Right on, Balder!” Shango/Archibald leaned over and performed a high-five slap with Hansel, laughing with the other teens, but Thianne and Marcus.
“Touché, Balder!” Mithras/Fabio leaned over and performed a low fist-bump with Hansel, laughing with the other teens but Thianne and Marcus.
“Not right, man! All wrong, buddy! I am true and truth and too.” Marcus unfolded his two arms and rolled both hands into a pair of fighting fists, striking the empty air waves, sneering at his god friends.
In front of the classroom, in the same hard metal chair, Granny frowned at the misbehaving god teen. “Sit down, right now, Devi Marcus.”
On the fourth table, new goddess-in-training Bibi studied each one of the old god or goddess teens with confusion, puzzlement, and excitement, leaning over, whispering into the jaw line on a tall Thianne, “What is every teen shouting about in here? I do not understand the new lecture. What is happening now, Thianne?”
Thianne looked up with a stern face from the tablet screen and viewed Bibi with confusion while focusing her active mind on another task. “Ugh! Yeah! Well, I mean. Right now! After our school assignment from the school session, each god or goddess leaves this school room building and then travels in space and time returning back to an ancient event from the past history, anywhere and any place, within the world. Yeah! We do that next!”
“Time travel! Do I? I do. Wow! I get to go on a time travel event. I have ever done that. Is that really true? Do I need to know something about the time travel process?” She smiled.
Thianne nodded with a fake smile as her mind was pondering something else. “I guess not. I mean Granny never has had to explain the physics behind the mental process of a single time travel for any of the gods or goddess. But she is the guide back into the world history lesson and calls out each instruction. So, you just listen and follow her movements.”
In front of the classroom, in the same hard chair, Granny nodded with a smile to the teen god, “Deva Marcus has chosen the breakout session topic, a bloody and fierce war battle from ancient world history. So, each teen, go and access your animal.”
“What animal?” Bibi gasped in shock and turned to view the hair roots on Thianne. Thianne looked back down and read the new information on her computer tablet in silence without addressing the posed question from Bibi.
Granny nodded with a smile to each new god and goddess teen. “Everyone, please, stand upright from your seat for the animal transformation process." Each teen stood upright from the seat or continued to stand in place. She slid out her chair and stood on top of the wooden floor, viewing each teen. "Since I have three new teens present inside my classroom today and for the rest of their teen days. Your inner spirit can become transformed into an animal that travels the cosmos, the heavens, or the earth plane as you guide away from the schoolhouse classroom here and now and then into the unseen, unheard…”
“...unfeeling…” Balder/Hansel stood and laughed out loud.
“…only for Marcus.” Shango/Archibald stood and chuckled out loud.
“Hey!” Marcus stood upright from the shared bench and then leaned down with a smile, assisting his girl Thianne to stand beside him for the animal transformation process.
“He's a Greek. They got no feelings.” Balder/Hansel laughed.
Marcus stood beside his girl without cuddling her for the animal transformation process, frowning at Hansel. “I do so have feelings ...”
“… only for Thianne ...” Balder/Hansel winked at Thianne. She giggled with a smile.
Thian spun around and sneered at Marcus. “Over my dead body, bro!”
In front of the classroom and the teens, Granny continued to stand with a stern face and ignored the banter from the young teens with a god-like ego. This confrontation had occurred since the first day of school session between Marcus and Thianne as the first paired romantic couple and then Marcus and her brother Thian as the first overprotective brother.
Granny nodded with a smile. “Thank you for your valuable input, Deva Hansel! Today, we will fly into the past ancient history and become a secret eyewitness in the Battle of Salamis.”
Marcus clapped with a nod. “Right on! Blood proteins, pink guts, and more red tinted blood proteins, this is my kind of breakout session, war, not peace. Fight, not pray!”
Granny nodded. “Our private invasion will be after the bloody defeat of the losers and during the victory party for the winners.”
“Banquet, food, wine, sing, dance.” Shivaa/Kruti nodded with a smile at Marcus.
“Now, I find this ancient historical non-battle event all boring to my ears, eyes, and stomach, Granny!” Marcus frowned.
“... and girls ...” Balder/Hansel winked at Granny and rubbed both of his hands together anticipating the party of females at the ancient victory ceremony.
“Lots of slave girls!” Shango/Archibald leaned over and fist-bumped with Fabio, laughing out loud.
Ares/Marcus gasped in shock and then wore a wicked smile. “Heck fire! Do it, too it, right now!” He slumped down his collar bone and dropped down both of his arms to each side, swiftly drifting into a deep mediation state for the current breakout session.
In front of the classroom, on top of the wooden floor, Granny nodded. “For the new teens, please follow my instructions. Close your eyes. Relax your shoulders. Drop your chin down into your chest. Slow your breathing. Slump your body into a deep mediation like Deva Marcus. Then your animal spirit will lift out from this school house room, fly through space and time, and then arrive down at the designated ancient victory party from the Battle of Salamis.”


Infinite space & time


Planet Earth
Ancient Greece location
Blue sky and sunlight at 75º Fahrenheit
02:02 pm (Greece Time Zone)


A golden lion sat noble and proud at the foot on the arched limestone stone gate watching an advancing flock of objects. “What took all of ya'll so long to get here?” The voice from teen god Marcus whined out loud as his animal spirit lingered in space and time within the mesosphere field while waiting for his god and goddess teen classmates.
An extremely large, dark gray colored, ugly gargoyle spirit flew ahead of the other spirit animals squawking her voice out loud at each teen. “Everyone, dive down from the air waves and land down on top of the dirt in front or behind or beside Marcus.” The voice from Granny shouted out loud to each teen without using her goddess telepathic skill.
One at a time, the inner spirit from a god or a goddess in the format of a physical Planet Earth animal settled down on the brown hard dirt surrounding Marcus.
A green tinted extremely large pond frog plopped down on the dirt in front of Marcus as Chun.
Thianne moved elegantly down on top of the dirt and beside Marcus as a white tinted cat.
Archibald stomped down the ground, kicking up brown dust in front of Marcus and beside Chun for fun as a chestnut colored horse.
Yaffa flipped in a series of somersaults and then landed down behind Marcus as a beige colored water otter.
Liam flapped a pair of tiny wings and then rested down on the dirt several yards away from the circle of teens as a yellow tinted humming bird. He still flapped his wings with nervousness of the new time travel session for the first time.
In the middle of the growing loose circle, golden tinted lion/Marcus with a sparkling mane of long hair pointed one of his four paws at the stationary humming bird, laughing out loud. “Hey! Short man is a short mammal too.” The other animals hooted with the sound of nays or brays in the air waves or hoof stomps or taps on the ground, except for the humming bird.
“Hush, teens!” Gargoyle/Granny sneered and hovered within the air waves, guarding each teen from harm during the time travel event.
Hansel wiggled all his numerous limbs in the air and then tumbled down from the skyline, landing down on his butthole in the dirt on the side of Marcus as a brown colored monkey.
Josefina dropped down and then bounced over the dirt several times, before stopping on the side of Marcus and beside Hansel as a red tinted canine dog.
Thian dropped down with great speed and then directly landed at the bone skull on the lion while playfully attacking Marcus inside the loose circle. The other animals swiftly scooted in a different direction from the physical fight but continued to watch and cheer for their favorite teen god.
In the air waves, gargoyle/Granny did not sneer or move but watched the two silly teen gods engage, shaking her gray tinted skull with annoyance in silence.
On the ground, the golden lion and the black tinted panther started their own small battle war which ended quickly in dust and dirt, before the lion become hurt. The panther scooted sideways and sat down right beside the lion, growling with a grin at the rest of the teens.
The loose circle became three rows of teens.
From the air waves, Bibi glided down and landed beside Thianne as a blue tinted swordfish.
Rachel slowly floated down from the sky and landed beside Bibi as a graceful pink tinted flamingo.
Kruti jumped through the clouds for fun and then dived down, landing in front of Thianne as the brown tinted rabbit.
In the air waves, gargoyle/Granny exhibited a dull shade of gray, a pair sharp fangs around each one of her hands, and a set of pointed white tinted fangs inside her mouth. She flapped her two extremely large wings maintaining her balance. She instructed. “Every teen has crash-landed or landed down on the dirt without harm. We are one mile from the castle with the victory party. Now, each teen will lift off again and fly due north following me, of course. You may fly alone or in pair or in a group. I do not mind. But I do not mind, if you fly too low and then hit a tree limb or a tree branch or bird nesting with its baby eggs. You must fly high enough to miss any and all of Mother Nature's children.” Each animal laughed. Gargoyle/Granny growled. “Hush, teens! The ancient and dead soldiers might hear your silly giggles like a little girl. Now, launch up and fly in a weird pattern formation,” she flapped her two wings and soared ahead with a smile towards the party.
On top of the ground, each spirit animal lifted up from the ground and sailed through the air waves, pairing up or going solo.
Lion/Marcus slowly rose up from the dirt with his girl Thianne/cat and soared ahead a few feet below the ugly formation of the other teens, so he could flirt with his girl in private. A single wet black colored object dropped down from the skyline and missed his bone skull, activating his sensitive nostrils with a foul odor. He looked up and viewed the wiggling tail on the black panther with a sneer. “And do not bleep on me, either, Thian!” Thian sniggered with his lousy aim and continued to fly ahead beside his two buddies, Archibald/horse and Hansel/monkey.
“Xerxes has lost the final battle plan see all of his burning warships in the shallow ocean waters.” The voice from Granny narrated the ancient historical war battle as each god and goddess flew ahead and eye witnessed the historical scene in world history.


Eighteen hours later...


School House building location
Sunset of pinks, blues, yellows
Parted clouds at heated temperatures
06:10 pm


For the suppertime meal at the end of a long exhaustive school and supernatural set of god and goddess sessions, and after a nice hot bathe, each teen god or goddess had magical entered and gathered back into the schoolhouse building, mostly to giggle and chat in private and away from the group of mature adults inside the Windsor Farms.
The single room was decorated in a circus theme with three circles of entertainment on top of various colorful earth soils.
Magically, a huddle of gray tinted African elephants formed a circle with a trunk-to-tail parade slowly pacing around each fake wall setting. Above the hair roots on each teen, a group of swaying colorful ropes and sitting swings were occupied with numerous half-naked girls for the male gods and half-naked males for the female goddesses flying back and forth, through the air, landing on the next rope or swing in silence.
In the smallest circle on top of white tinted sand grains, three colorful silly clowns took turns riding a tiny blue, green, and red colored clown car and then trying to park the larger vehicle into the open archway on a dog house in bright orange and yellow hue. Each one laughed at each other without sound also but continued their silly clown challenge.
In the medium-sized circle on top of the brown dirt, a row of fiery rings flamed in bright hues of blue, yellow, and silver. A row of tawny colored adult lions stood but opened each mouth with a set of white tinted fangs, roaring without sound at each ring of fire. A lion trainer stood on the opposite side and pointed at the first lion, flinging a leather whip in the air, shouting out loud to the beast which was not heard either.
In the last and largest circle on top of red tinted clay, a round dining room table in black metal stood in the middle of the space and displayed a different type of dining chair.
Yaffa sat in a golden glittering princess throne chair.
Chun selected an armless dark cherry colored dining room chair.
Hansel sat on top of a blonde tinted wooden stool and leaned over, shoving mouthfuls of food with both hands and one fork into his parted lips, swallowing without chewing.
Archibald rested in a red tinted recliner with a matching foot stool and a fold-out tray for the plate of food, eating with a smile of parted lips.
Fabio sat on top of a high stool with a cushion in solid green fabric.
Kruti selected a wingback living room chair with a set of tall legs which was covered in bright orange and aqua flower-pattern.
Josefina sat inside a black and white plaid swivel chair that reached the edge of the table.
Noako lounged inside an oversized pink tinted sitting chair that covered her side profile.
Rachel selected a tall pub chair in light wood and padded with pink tinted flower-patterned cushion.
Thian sat inside a barrel chair made of tan colored wood.
Thianne sat on top of a padded piano bench alone and worried while waiting for her boyfriend Marcus, picking at her plate of food, turning to see the hidden entrance door on the long wall inside the room.
Liam occupied a very tall high chair with a front tray that almost resembled a baby eating chair. Each one of the male gods laughed and made fun of Liam until Yaffa released one of her sizzling fireballs at Archibald and missed the teen while vanquishing one of the magical elephants. Then the funny comments ceased on poor Liam.
On the outskirt of the largest circle, a connecting array of tall metal colored trays held a variety of nutritious individual food items, including meats, eggs, cook and raw vegetables, fresh fruits, baked breads, sweet rich desserts and buckets of cold beverages and an individual heated teapot of brewed cup of hot tea or hot chocolate for each hungry god and goddess.
At the dining table, Bibi had materialized with her goddess power an orange, pink, and yellow paisley-patterned padded sitting chair and lounged in-between Thian and Chun.
Continuing with Chun, she sat beside Noako with Archibald, Hansel, Josefina, Liam, Yaffa, Rachel, Kruti, Thianne, Thian, Fabio filling out the rest of the circle during the mealtime.
Bibi and her pretty sitting chair floated a few inches up from the floor and hovered at the edge on the table, swallowing the food, scanning each face around the hard surface. “Did anyone note that Granny formed into a…”
“... gargoyle. Yeah, she transforms into that ugly thing, each and every time, along with her numerous apples,” Is Chel/Josefina nodded and consumed more of the food, sitting in-between Liam and Yaffa.
Bibi frowned. “What does that ugly gargoyle beast represent as an inner spirit animal for Granny?”
Shango/Archibald chuckled and sat in-between Noako and Hansel. “Apple is a fruit, not a beast, Bibi. I do believe that you need to hit the old-fashioned elementary school books from the year 1966 A.D.”
“No! I am not referencing the apples, but the gargoyle.” Bibi nodded.
“Where is the bowl of fresh apples?” Balder/Hansel looked up with his mouth of colorful food drool and scanned the room, seeking the new food item.
Pele/Yaffa swallowed the food and nodded. “Granny’s apples...”
Balder/Hansel frowned. “I don't see a bowl of apples from Granny; but I’m still hungry,” he returned back and started eating the plate of food with both hands and his tongue making numerous animal grunt sounds.
Kuan Yi/Chun nodded to Bibi. “My brilliant teen goddess friend Pele is referring to the clothes from the S-Sung fashion collection. The designer is famous for the making all her fabrics with numerous red or green colored apple shapes.”
“O! I don’t know. I don't care. I'm hunger,” Balder/Hansel continued to eat with more animal grunts.
“Is the ugly gargoyle supposed to have a meaning to someone or somewhere for some reason, Bibi?” Thian turned and frowned at the nose profile on Bibi.
Bibi turned and smiled at Thian, “I do believe so. The gargoyle is…”
“O! I don’t know. I don't care. I'm hunger,” Balder/Hansel continued to eat with more animal grunts.
“Let’s finish eating, right now, kiddies! Then we can utilize the empty space with a new dangerous and funnier mental and physical game here inside the room and away from the spying eyeballs on the adults.” Shango/Archibald lifted up and wiggled his middle finger on his left hand while activating his stream of god powers within his god body. The air waves charged and then changed slowly lifting up his recliner chair away from the table and higher in the air, spinning around, moving ahead towards the circle of food trays. He stopped at the closest food tray and reached over to the food item, without leaving his seat, pointing the fleshy pad on his middle finger at each selected food items and then wiggled it in the hair. Magically the food item appeared on top of his dirty plate.
Each god or goddess was in training and could not access their full powers until the age of eighteen years old, so each one was born with a limb or a digit or a particular body part where their god or goddess magic exploded from their biological supernatural body.
The magical body part on teen god Archibald was exhibited at his middle finger pad on his left hand. Now, no adult or ancient god or goddess could explain that supernatural reason, only that magical purpose.
At the metal table, Shivaa/Kruti wiped the grime at her face and hands, dropping the cloth napkin down into her dirty plate, shoving the item away from her chest, slapping the hard surface with her palms. She turned and smiled at the nose profile on Liam. "Back to business!"
Mithras/Fabio smiled. “Mangrove...”
“Stu...” Thian smiled.
“Tom Sawyer,” Archibald laughed.
“Gage,” Balder/Hansel spat the chewed particles of food across the wide table with laughter.
Kuan Yi/Chun laughed out loud with a nod to each face. "And the Quartet brother is leader, boss, and baddie Austin Berrington, who says that quote all the time within each novel. None of the male gods got it right, either! Now, I have everyone's attention. Liam, you must pick out a god or goddess nickname to continue with the fun here inside the schoolhouse!" She turned and smiled at his nose profile again.
The thrilling fictional novel is penned by ipam and is entitled The Quartet, Jace describing four billionaire men, who are not related by blood, but by bond. They live and play inside metro city Miami, within the US State of Florida, in the hot weather with heated toys until becoming the first red, white, and blue quartet of crime fighters defending innocent children, old grandmas, and lots of pretty females as leader of the Quartet Austin is not married but looking for a nice wife.
Inside the school house room, in the largest circle around the dining table, teen god Liam continued to sit inside his secured high chair like a tiny baby and wiggles his tiny body and both legs back and forth in the air space, smiling with chewed food particles on his teeth, shouting out loud “Donn.”
“No!” Pele/Yaffa frowned and shook her curls, waving both of her arms in the air.
“No, Liam.” Shivaa/Kruti gasped in shock and shook her curls.
“You cannot select that particular named Celtic god.” Pele/Yaffa nodded.
“Why not?” Liam looked up to see Yaffa and wore a face of food stains among his confusion.
Kuan Yi/Chen shook her curls with a stern face at Liam, “Donn is the Celtic god of the dead and it means, the Dark One.”
“So, what!” Liam frowned.
“So, you or any other god is not allowed to pick any of the true names from a dark god or goddess. This is fun way to us to celebrate as a god or a goddess while learning our god and goddess powers.” Pele/Yaffa nodded.
“Why not?” Liam questioned.
“They didn’t like the childish imitation. That's why not!” Is Chel/Josefina nodded with a stern face, when a roll of loud thunder rumbled above the school house rooftop in-between white tinted clouds on the early evening hours. Each teen looked up and gasped in shock, returning back, staring at each other in fright.
Pele/Yaffa slapped her chest and winked at Liam. “Told ya!”
Balder/Hansel looked down and frowned at the tiny teen god, “Pick again, Lame!”
Liam slapped his chest with a frown and dangled both of his legs back and forth in the high chair, sneering at Hansel, “My name is Liam.”
“What does your given name of Liam translator into?” Pele/Yaffa asked.
“Liam, the proper name represents a great, big strong-willed fighting warrior soldier in the Irish folk tales.” He nodded with a smile to each face.
She nodded with a smile. “All right! Then you need to pick another god name that represents the same great big strong-willed fighting warrior soldier as you learn to become a full-time god here at the Windsor Farms.”
“Let me think for a moment!” He looked up and placed both hands on top of his food-stained face, pondering his mental thoughts alone and silent.
“Moment’s gone, Lame!” Shango/Archibald laughed. He had returned his floating recliner chair back to the same spot at the table while using his table manners to consume the third plate of food, staring at Liam.
Liam looked down from the ceiling to face each teen and waved both of his short arms with food covered fingers in the air. Some of the dried food particles flew off and landed down on the floor and on several of the other teen gods and goddesses. He smiled with a nod to each face. “I will be called, Lugh. Lugh is the god of the shining one. Yeah, that's me! I am the shiny one.”
Shivaa/Kruti shook her curls and frowned at the new teen. “Liam, I must point out here that particular god name has a much deeper meaning…”
“That’s why I picked it. I am a deep person,” he laughed with the other teens.
“A short person.” Balder/Hansel laughed and tossed out his chewed food particles through the air, landing down on his plate, the table, some of the teens, and finally the dirt floor.
“Hush, Balder!” Is Chel/Josefina turned and sneered at the silly teen god.
Pele/Yaffa nodded with a smile and typed the name down into her mobile telephone, “All right! I approve. Liam is christened as Lugh, the god of the shining sun.”
Kuan Yi/Chen turned and smiled at the other new goddess, “And what do want your goddess nickname to become, Bibi?”
Bibi looked up and curled her body smiling with a nod. “I’m a pixie.”
On the other side of the round metal table, Balder/Hansel sat in-between Archibald and Josefina and looked up with a smile, winking across the table at Bibi. “A pixie is the world’s cutest fairy-like little girl with bouncy ringlets and a squeaky voice along with a cutesy personality,” he continued to smile at Bibi without eating any more food.
“Balder is in love, me thinks!” Thian leaned over and whispered into the eardrum on his twin sister Thianne.
“Hmm! Do you really think so?” Thianne smiled at the silly teen god.
Pele/Yaffa exhaled with annoyance and faked a smile to Bibi. “Pick your goddess nickname! But it cannot be the word, pixie.”
Bibi continued to smile and giggle directly at Hansel without viewing Yaffa. “Mmm! I might select the Scandinavian pixie name of Nikki. She is the protector of all children that live here on the world.” She giggled and winked at Hansel.
Shivaa/Kruti looked down with a smile and recorded the audio on her mobile telephone, “Teen goddess Bibi has selected the goddess nickname Nikki, the diva of all little children.” The other teens returned back and consumed the food while staring at the love behavior between Bibi and Hansel.
One of the mother gray tinted elephants magically displayed from the entrance wall and revealed a tall dirty teen with a set of torn and ripped designer clothes. Teen god Marcus strutted from the outside porch with a sneer and entered the circle dining room decor wearing a mud-covered pair of tasseled Gucci designer brand name shoes with the same wet and dried mud and some grass elements smeared across his dirty golden tinted designer trousers and a grass-stained golden colored designer dress shirt underneath a wrinkled, torn, ripped and mud-stained designer suit jacket while missing his black tinted silk pocket handkerchief in the front breast pocket and his matching necktie. He scooted around the center dining room table and started at the first of the food trays, grabbing an empty plate, selecting the first food entree with his free fingers, eating the piece of bread first and chewed with delight. He was tire and hungry desiring numerous plates of food before hitting a hot shower ending his busy evening and scooted to the next food item. He ate some of the food and placed a new set of food items on top of the plate.
At the dining room table, Thianne gasped in worry and left the bench grabbing a second empty plate for her boyfriend Marcus, moving ahead with a smile and then selected his favorite food items for his evening meal.
At the dining room table, inside the recliner chair, Shango studied the set of dirty and ripped designer clothes on Marcus and frowned with annoyance, covering his food plate for fun. “Pewee, man! Go and get a wet shower and clean your stinky butthole, Ares!”
Thian turned and frowned at the back spine on Marcus sniffing the air wave. “A pile of freshly dropped and clearly green tinted cow patties smell better than you, Ares. Go and get a bathe, man!”
Balder/Hansel smiled at Bibi and then sniffed the air waves, looking up, studying the dirty clothes on Marcus. He shouted out loud with annoyance. “You smell like a pile of fresh horse turds, Ares. Go and move your butthole into a dining room chair inside the dining room manor, right now, for your evening meal, man!”
“Lay off!” Ares/Marcus continued to run through the food trays and filled the plate with food, slowly spinning around, carefully moving back to the long bench seat, where Thianne and he would sit together and share the rest of the time at the evening meal, before the bedtime ritual on separate floors for the gods and goddesses.
From the last food tray of desserts, Thianne spun around with a smile and moved back to the shared long bench, sitting the second plate of food items beside the elbow on Marcus, curling around his folded figure. She sat down and cuddled with her man, whether smelly or not.
Pele/Yaffa turned and winked at Thianne, “Are we trying to replace Granny Hanover, dear?”
Shivaa/Kruti turned and nodded to Thianne, “No! Thianne is practicing her upcoming role to become a good wife. Ain't that right, dear?”
“Are you really going to marry Ares, Thianne?” Nikki, the new goddess nickname for petite black-haired Bibi turned and smiled at Thianne asking out of curiosity.
“Over my dang dead body, bro!” Thian turned and growled at the nose profile on Marcus and then stuffed his face with a third dish of chocolate cake.
Thianne did not comment to any of the questions, only smiled at the nose profile on Marcus and her brother Thian, in case of an impromptu physical altercation in-between her boyfriend and her brother. After all, she was a goddess-in-training and her goddess powers were equal to her twin god powers too.
Pele/Yaffa returned back and stared at the second new goddess-in-training, “What is your name goddess nickname going to be, Rachel?”
Rachel looked at Yaffa with a smile and a nod, “I like the name of Isis. She is goddess of fertility. I came from the city of Memphis within the US State of Tennessee, not the country of Egypt.”
“Is-is.” Ares laughed with amusement in-between chucks of food and looked up, winking at the new goddess student Rachel. “I like that too. It is easy to spell with only two alphabetic letters.”
“Yeah, for Ares, it is really easy. As he had only learned two letters, the letter of I and the letter of S out of the entire twenty-six lettered English alphabet.” Shango laughed with the other teens but Thianne and Ares.
Ares ignored the stupid comment as his mouth was occupied chewing the delicious food items and each one of his dirty hands was holding a heated buttered biscuit staring at Shango with a pair of evil eyeballs in silence.
“Don’t insult the new diva! You should pronounce it, correctly, bro!” Balder turned and winked Rachel placing his arm on Isis for god protection from Ares, the pretend god of war.
“I just did. Is-is. Are you both deaf and blind, Balder?” Ares laughed out loud and mouth spat his chewed food particles over the metal table without hitting another teen.
“You are a lucky god tonight that numerous goddesses are present, Ares.” Balder released Isis and turned sneering at the teen god.
Ares dropped the fork down on the plate with a soft ting and slapped his dirty shirt with a sneer at Balder. “I’m the war god, buddy! Bring it on, Hansel! And don’t forget to bring your sister Gretel, as I know you need the extra help in the goddess fighting department,” he laughed out loud and went back to consuming the good food items.
“Go and fight outside, two stupid devis!” Thian turned and sneered at Ares and then Balder while commanding the supernatural teens.
Nikki turned and nodded to Pele, who seemed to be the real leader of the gods and goddesses here at the Windsor Farms, “Pele, can you please list more of our powers as a devi?”
Is Chel turned and smiled at Nikki, “A girl is called a diva. The boys ...”
Shango shook his bald mound with a smile, “No boys here are present here, Is Chel, only men sit here inside this room.”
Shivaa laughed and nodded to each god. “A little boy is a little god with big a ...”
“…great big godly attitude,” Shango laughed with a nod along with the other teen gods. The goddesses are frowned at the silly statement.
Kuan Yi smiled with a giggle. “Currently, some of gods and divas share the same supernatural characteristics. One of the supernatural talents is the ability of invisibility to a human eyeball.”
“I don’t.” Balder looked up and frowned at Kuan Yi.
Mithras winked at his friend. “Because you’re a weenie, Balder.”
Thian frowned at the ill-mannered Balder, “Balder, shut your lips, when you eat food, man!”
Lugh frowned at Kuan Yi. “I do not understand your statement. Are you saying that no person can see me or you or a god or goddess body during an invisibility trick? Is that what you mean?”
Kuan Yi nodded. “Our physical or current presence is masked for a long period of time but an experienced and mature god or goddess can detect your negative energy field with their extrasensory god or goddess mature power by which she or he can see all creatures of the day or the night but only from the same god or goddess pantheon.”
“That sucks!” Balder laughed.
“Big time!” Lugh frowned.
Pele smiled. “Our voice can also be heard by a god or a goddess who has cultivated a similar power of their hearing ear or ears...”
“... like our set of parents,” Thianne looked up and gasped in shock, viewing Pele with a smile.
“... like Granny Hanover,” Ares looked down and moaned in annoyance, stuffing his face with more food.
“... and a god or goddess adult with a set of super great powers.” Dainichi nodded with a smile to each face.
Is Chel nodded with a smile. “Some gods or goddesses are capable of constructing illusory forms, monsters, other humans, animals ...”
“…. like cute rabbits,” Isis smiled.
“Rabbits! Where is a rabbit in here?” Lugh frowned and looked down from the high chair at the dirt floor with confusion.
Kuan Yi smiled. “A god or goddess can manifest their supernatural body into anything or anyone or any place too.”
Nikki smiled. “Can another supernatural creature do that also?”
Pele nodded. “A god or goddess requires food and water for their supernatural life force, unlike an asura or an asuri.”
Shango nodded. “A god or goddess can move over at great distances while speedily flying through the air or aided by a piece of ancient or modern god or goddess equipment, such like, a flying chariot ...”
Thian frowned. “That's old school, Shango!”
Kuan Yi nodded with a smile. “A god or goddess can fly an automobile through the air waves...”
“... only in the city of London.” Pele nodded with a stern face.
Nikki slapped her chest with a smile. “Hey! I came from London …”
“Did you really live in the city of London within the country of England?” Shango smiled at Nikki.
She laughed. “No, silly god! I was birthed and lived in the town of London within the US State of Minnesota.”
Balder smiled at Nikki, “Don't the people fly around the skies like an airplane without a machine engine in the city of London within the country of England?”
“Forget, Balder! He dreams during the day light hours too!” Mithras laughed.
Dainichi nodded with a stern face to each teen, “The airplane that I took from the State of New York burnt out one machine engine, before it landed down here in the State of Alabama. I was really frightened and scared and worried and unhappy. But the airplane pilot was very good and safely landed the machine down on top of the air field without killing us all. I do not like to fly nothing.”
Lugh frowned at Dainichi and turned to see Kuan Yi, “Kuan Yi, do you not hail from the great State of New York also?”
Kuan Yi gasped in shock and turned with a smile to see Dainichi, “You gods, yes, I was birthed and raised in the US State of New York and then came here to live in Alabama too.”
“How interesting!” Lugh stared at Kuan Yi and then back at Dainichi, eating another bite of food.
Shivaa studied Dainichi, then Kuan Yi and finally Lugh with confusion. “What is so interesting within your mental thoughts, Lugh?”
He swallowed the food and flung off the wet particles down on the floor without cleaning his dirty mouth, turning to see Shivaa, “I thought every deva and devi had been birthed and raised in a unique American city.”
“What does that mean, Lugh? What is the meaning of a unique American city?” Nikki frowned
“The county, city, and state of New York is both unique and bizarre like its citizen Kuan Yi.” Shango winked at the goddess and laughed with the other teens but Kuan Yi and Dainichi.
“Hey! The State of New York is my birth place and my home, god-boy!” Dainichi sneered at Shango.
Lugh swallowed the food and flung off the wet particles down on the floor without cleaning his dirty mouth, turning to see each face, “I meant to say here. I understand the god and goddess rule which states that it is one god or goddess per city. No duplications of gods or goddess within one common city!”
Thian turned and frowned at the new teen god, “Why do you say that, Lugh?”
“Lugh is correct. I understood the same rule. One city had been selected by our parents which provided a low exposure sight for a newbie god or goddess-in-training.” Shivaa glared at Kuan Yi with intrigue.
“What does low exposure mean? I do not understand the term or concept or statement, Shivaa.” Nikki asked.
“A god or goddess aura is similar to a low light beam on an automobile that shines all the way up towards the outer space stars.” Pele glared at Dainichi with puzzlement. “A god or a goddess does not carry or marry with multiple weaknesses. However, one nasty weakness is the ability to shine using our own intrinsic luminosity through the clouds, through the outer space stars, and all the way to the heavens and beyond.”
“What!” Lugh mouth spat out his chewed food particles that went down on his plate, over the table, on the floor.
“A god or goddess body shines brightly using our own lighted aura.” Kuan Yi smiled.
Shango smiled. “Because each one of use is a teen god or goddess, each aura glows here and soars up from Planet Earth into the heaven, so our parents can see us.”
Balder smiled. “That’s so cool!”
Thian looked up and smiled at the ceiling, “My mom and dad can see me down here,” he waved at the ceiling and then dropped down his hand, eating the fourth piece of chocolate cake.
Is Chel nodded with a stern face, “Only metaphysically, our parents and our enemies can see each one of us there inside the Windsor Farms, but not here inside the school house building.”
“We don’t have enemies. We’re teens. We’re too young.” Ares looked up with a gasp and frowned at Is Chel, shaking his curls.
Pele laughed. “Well, our friends could find us.”
“We don’t have friends. We’re teens. We’re too young.” Ares turned and sneered at Pele next.
“Ares doesn’t have a single friend, but I do. I possess lots of friends.” Balder turned and smiled at his friend. “Ain't that right, Thian?” He laughed with the other teens but Ares.
Ares frowned. “What other lots of friends, Balder? You got a pair of stinky feet and a tongue of bad breath. Nobody or girl or animal desires to breath in your contaminated oxygen molecules,” he laughed with the other teens but Balder.
Balder frowned. “What's he mumbling about, Thian?”
Thian laughed with a nod. “Ares, you can annoy the feces right from the butthole on Satan’s Grandmother.”
Shango frowned at Thian, “Satan doesn’t have a biological grandmother, say it ain't so, Shivaa?” He turned to ask the smartest goddess within the room.
He laughed. "It is an ancient and old American western expression along with the horses and cowboys. It is referring a worthy adversary for fighting a battle or debating an argument.”
Ares frowned. “No! Satan's Grandmother is an imagery worthless enemy for non-fighting with me or you or him or her or they or us or them.”
“Wrong again, Marcus!” Shango laughed.
Ares slapped his chest and winked at Shango, “Ares! I’m Ares!”
“Right again, Thian!” Shango winked at Thian with a smile.
Pele turned and winked to her friend. “Go ahead! Tonight, it is your turn, Shivaa!” She looked down with a smile and wiggled her three digits, an index finger, a middle finger, and a ring finger on her right hand at her dirty dishes while using her goddess powers with the unique talented body parts that had been received at birth from her parents. The flat tray of dirty dishes disappeared from the hard surface and reappeared inside the true kitchen space inside the Windsor Farms for cleaning and storage. Each food tray was a real item that contained sets of true food items for each hunger god and goddess.
Shivaa giggled and looked down, wiggling her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger at her dirty dishes while activating her goddess powers with the unique talented body part that had been received at birth from her parents. Her flat tray of dirty dishes duplicated the same feat and fate as Pele's. The other teens wiggled a unique body part and made their flat tray of dirty dishes and used food particles disappear from the metal surface, except for Marcus. He was still eating and enjoying the food and the atmosphere.
Shivaa looked up and smiled at each teen. “Okay! I'm ready. Pick your poison!”
Dainichi clapped with a smile. “Snakes.”
“Spiders.” Kuan Yi nodded with a grin.
“Bats.” Is Chel smiled.
Thian smiled and shouted out loud. “Swords.”
Shango nodded with a smile. “Darts.”
“Vikings.” Balder slapped his chest and winked at Nikki for fun.
“Selected!” Shivaa pointed at Balder with a smile.
Ares looked up and swallowed the food, waving both fork and steak knife near his jaw line. “I didn’t vote!”
“Late again and as usual, Marcus!” Shango shook his mound and laughed with the other teens, but Marcus.
“What are we doing?” Nikki frowned.
Shivaa nodded. “This is an old Roman debating technique. Once a topic had been picked, each Roman senator had offered a subject. The orator of the previous night had selected the new subject. So, we play for fun like a circle of Romans. Every night, after the evening meal, we vote…”
“I didn’t get to vote.” Ares continued to frown and waved both utensils near his jaw line. Thianne had shifted away from the kitchen instruments with a smile in silence.
“Stow it, Marcus!” Shango frowned.
Shivaa continued. “Now, I have selected the new subject for our debate tonight.”
Isis nodded with a smile. “Ah! I understand. This is a game of wits.”
Lugh frowned. “Seems to me, the winning senator could cheat by selecting his buddy friend.”
Pele nodded. “Secondly, this is an IQ test. The selected topic by the Roman senator had to be the subject expert on the topic, if not, another Roman senator with more brains on the selected subject can manipulate the vocal conversation and win the finally debate.”
Ares looked down and cut into the food with a smile. “Correct, Pele! And the winning Roman senator won the gold, the wine, the slave girls and …”
“Not true!” Shivaa frowned.
“Yes, true.” Ares looked up and winked at Shivaa, eating the food, chewing with a pair of parted lips for fun.
Isis laughed. “So, what does the Roman god or goddess from tonight’s debate win for her or his treasure chest?”
“The pleasure of beating the stuffing out of Marcus.” Shango pointed at the teen god and laughed with the other teens, but Marcus.
Ares swallowed the food and frowned at his friend, “Not true!”
“Yes, true!” Balder laughed with the others, not Marcus.
“Shut up, Marcus!” Thian turned and sneered at the nose profile on Ares.
Ares turned and winked at Thian, “Ares! I’m Ares,” he returned back and looked down, eating the food.
Shivaa smiled. “The modern-day Roman debate provides all types of visual pictures on your computer laptop or mobile telephone or the gigantic plasma television set for all eyeballs to see and all eardrums to hear along with the verbal debate.”
Nikki frowned. “That’s tough!”
Lugh frowned. “No! This is impossible!”
Kuan Yi turned and winked at Lugh. “Aw! Poor baby god, do you happen to possess a limited supply of tiny god powers tonight?”
Shango slapped his chest with a nod. “Yeah, since I am a big bad god with a set of bigger and badder god powers.”
“Who says that?” Is Chel frowned.
“Marcus does!” Balder laughed.
“Shut up, Balder!” Ares chewed the food.
“Why are asking?” Mithras laughed.
“... more fun...” Isis laughed.
“... more tension...” Pele nodded.
“... more nervousness...” Nikki nodded.
Thian laughed. “Get ready!”
“Set!” Shango yelled.
Shivaa smiled at the teen god, “Balder, start the game, right now! Go with my goddess permission!”
At the black tinted metal dining room table, Balder wiggled his big toe on his right foot activating his god powers changing the high sitting stool into a brown tinted comfortable recliner chair with a matching foot stool similar to Shango's. He flipped the foot stool in the air and plopped his pair of flip-flops onto the smooth leather. His unique body part was the big toe, so he needed some height from the dirt floor to spin his god magic around the room. The other teens continued to sit inside their special chair and stared only at Balder.
He wiggled his big toe again. The circle performers, animals, clowns, equipment and soil grounds disappeared and was replaced with a gigantic individual plasma television screen that occupied every square inch of the four walls. The only movement inside the school house room was each animated teen around the black tinted table. Each screen monitor displayed a large wooden sea ship and numerous ancient men at sea. Each teen spun around and smiled at the screen while waiting for the tale.
Balder started to narrate the story while watching the screen on the side wall. “The group of men, women, and children were known as the Vikings. The race of Vikings had been recorded within each world history book as living, hunting, sailing, and killing in-between the years 700 A.D. to 1000 A.D. Three hundred years was plenty of time to spread their unique virus by each ugly or pretty or petty or jealous or charming Viking sailor who had explored the North Atlantic Ocean water coming from the country of Greenland. There is an ancient wooden fort located and founded in the town of Cape Cod within the US State of Massachusetts on the North American continent by Leif Erikson, the famous leader and explorer, who had also traveled south to the modern city of Sicily within the country of Italy.”
Shango nodded with a smile. “The Viking race had been housed originally in the regions of Scandinavia, which is modern day countries of Denmark, Sweden and Norway. The Viking race had conquered the ancient peoples within the modern-day countries of England, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Russia, and Spain raiding each one of these countries with looting for personal capital gain. World history academic scholars have theorized the tale. The Motherland of Scandinavia had become overcrowded with young, poor, and starving adults who had selected to travel the ocean seas as a means to obtain wealth and honor and …”
“FREDS!” Ares watched the television screen and continued to consume the food.
Nikki gasped in shock and watched the screen. “What’s that? What is a FRED? I do not understand.”
Ares waved the fork with one hand activating his god powers changing the ocean water and sailing ship into a big, ugly image. “FRED is furry, red-headed, emerald-eyed, dog sh …”
“Marcus!” Shivaa yelled out loud with concern.
“Yes, true!” Ares laughed and then consumed more of the food.
Thian nodded. “A FRED is a werewolf species that had originated from the traveling Viking clan. Each FRED possesses a head of long red colored curly hair …”
“… to cover their pair of pointy ears.” Ares laughed.
“Not true!” Is Chel frowned.
“Yes, true!” Ares smiled.
“Ares is correct, as usual. Each FRED possesses a pair of tiny, pointy furry ears.”
Shivaa nodded to Ares, “Two points, Ares!”
Balder frowned and shook his bald mound. “He guessed, good guess. There is no post-award for guessing good, for Ares.”
Ares slapped his chest with his fork, not the sharp knife nodding to each face, “No award for cheating, Balder! I got it right, the first time, man.”
Shivaa nodded with a frown to the teen god. “No points, Balder!”
Kuan Yi nodded with a smile and continued the narration as part of the oracle debate for fun, not an award, “A pair of tiny ears is covered by the dark red colored hair. A pair of shiny emerald eyes sees the day and the nighttime activities. As a human format, each FRED stands tall at six feet and zero inches during the daylight hours before the sunset. During each cold or cool or hot or heated nighttime hours, each FRED possesses a tone of pale tinted skin smooth tissue which changes into a fine soft white colored pelt …”
Thianne joined the silly vocal game. “O! I desire a soft white tinted ankle-length coat for wintertime, darling,” she leaned into the body on Ares with a giggle.
“The Viking race had worn lots of warm and fuzzy fur in the wintertime and on the seas, especially in the color of white.” Pele laughed with the other teens.
Shivaa pointed with a smile at the teen goddess. “Two points, Pele!”
Pele nodded with a smile and continued the narration to the other teens. “The dog teeth on the top and the bottom inside their mouth grow longer for the purpose of cutting and searing into their trapped or injured prey. This medical condition occurs due to centuries of poor health and poor nutrition. The race of these Cursed Ones shares a set of medically depleted hormone sequences which require supplements of raw meat …”
“Raw as in both red tinted blood proteins and pink tinted human guts!” Isis frowned with grossness.
“Two points for Is-is!” Ares winked at the new goddess and laughed with the other teens, but Isis and Balder.
“Isis! Her name is Isis. Use the proper name, chump!” Balder sneered at Ares. Ares chuckled and flipped his hand up in the air, dropping it back down into the chocolate cake, lifting his hand again, licking off the tasty sweet with a smile of delight.
Pele nodded with a smile and continued the narration to the other teens. “The law of the universe dictates that a FRED can only eat another wild animal …”
“… or each other.” Mithras laughed.
“Two points, Mithras!” Shivaa pointed with a nod to the teen god.
Mithras nodded with a smile and continued the narration to the other teens, “Occasionally, when a human runs into the FRED clan members…”
“They’re dead meat.” Shango laughed.
Ares looked up with a mouth of chocolate and frowned at Shango, “Hey! That’s my line now.”
Shivaa laughed. “No points, Ares!”
Mithras continued the narrative. “A FRED exists with us on a daily …”
“…and a nightly feeding.” Thian laughed.
Shivaa pointed with a nod to the teen god. “Two points, Thian!”
“They work, pay taxes, and have baby FREDS.” Pele smiled.
Shivaa nodded to her friend. “Two points, Pele!”
“We all live in sweet harmony, ya'll.” Balder winked at Nikki.
“Negative 400 points for Balder.” Ares laughed and then whipped his dirty mouth with the cloth napkin, waving his right hand in the air with ease, sending the flat tray of dirty dishes without any abused food items back into the Windsor Farms kitchen space for cleaning and then storage.
“Hey! I’m right, dude.” Balder smiled.
“Hey! In the wrong way, all the way! Get with it, man.” Ares leaned over and turned to see the cheekbone on Thianne, whispering into her eardrum as she giggled.
Balder smiled. “The full moon …”
“The apex toward the full moon intensifies their feedings of raw meat on each FRED.” Pele nodded.
Shivaa pointed with a smile to her friend. “Two points, Pele!”
Pele nodded. “On the FRED physical appearance, each one becomes more furry with a pair of bloody red tinted eyeballs surrounding each emerald colored iris from the lack of proteins …”
“... and smell like a wet dog…” Ares whipped his right hand in the air and then sideways with a smile. On the screen, a rain shower poured down on each red tinted FRED.
Is Chel frowned. “I don’t like the smell of a wet dog.”
“Stay away from a FRED!” Shango laughed.
“Do you know a friendly FRED, Shango?” Kuan Yi winked for fun.
“No!” Shango frowned at the vicious teen goddess.
Balder shook his curls with a stern face. “No way!”
Thian smiled. “Go away ...”
“... far, far away.” Thianne finished as his twin sibling.
“… from both the FREDS and GREGS.” Lugh nodded with a worried brow.
Nikki frowned. “What is a GREG?”
Ares swished his right hand sideways with a smile. “Now, on the screen, the image of one. A GREG is a gray-skinned, red-eyed goony.” Each teen stared at the screen in silence.
“Now, the vocal god and goddess debate has finished.” Shivaa swiftly stood upright from the her chair and ended the nightly session, yawning with anticipated sleep.
The other teens swiftly or slowly stood upright from their chair and made their chair disappear from the school house building, nodded with a smile to each other for a fun time during the evening meal.
“Who won?” Isis did not stand from her chair seat but turned to see each face with puzzlement. Each teen laughed out loud, but Isis, and then each god and goddess started to leave the school house building.


Wednesday June 5th


01:34 pm
School House building location
Classroom setting
Sunny without clouds and sizzling temperatures


The interior scene inside the school house room displayed an opened oval-shaped football stadium on each one of the square shaped walls that exhibited rows of tall bleachers which displayed standing and yelling fans with movement and two marching bands with numerous musical instructions, all without sound.
The ceiling was decorated with bright sunlight, rolling white tinted cloud coverage within a pale blue sky that beams down on top of the grassy floor.
A row of numerous individual teen personality chairs with an individual teen god or goddess sat in a semi-crooked line in front of a long, tall netting in white tint. On the opposite side of the netting, a second semi-crooked line with an individual personality chair with an individual teen god or goddess. On the entrance wall beside a hidden entrance door, a true long wooden table with various food items and beverages from an eaten lunch meal by the teenage group of gods and goddesses.
Ares shared a loveseat with his girl Thianne and drooled into her cheekbone, holding her hand with a smile without playing the fake football game. The football was levitated in the air as each individual teen used their individual god or goddess power to launch the leather ball over each side of the neutral white tinted netting without hitting the grass-covered floor or another opponent.
However, if the flying leather football did happen to tap or touch or hit or slap or injured or killed another teen, then the point will go to the sending team of supernatural creatures.
Her twin brother Thian continued to sit in the Panama Jack chair and stared at the bone skull on Ares while softly growling with a string of unkind verbal remarks regarding numerous destructive pieces on Marcus’s body parts while his best pal Shango snickered during the active fake football game overhearing each audio insult against Ares.
Thian liked Ares but not for dating or socializing or touching his biological twin sister Thianne.
Pele, Balder, Shango, Thian, Thianne, and Ares composed one teen supernatural team and were dressed in a white tinted football jersey with a dark blue tinted number tossing the leather football over the tall white tinted netting to the second team consisting Shivaa, Kuna Yi, Is Chel, Mithras, Dainichi, and Isis. Each one was dressed in a black tinted football jersey and used their individual god or goddess power to slam the object right back over the netting.
Lugh sat in the high chair again at the end of the line and smiled as the official team referee. Nikki stood on the opposite side of the line and cheered with a smile and a wink only for her new boyfriend Balder.
On the row of gods and goddesses, Thian shouted into the rear skull of black tinted hair on Ares with a sneer. “I thought you were going to play and act as the team captain, Marcus.”
“Busy!” Ares touched the naked flesh on the forearm on Thianne while ignoring her brother.
“Four and a quarter incoming on the messy blonde tinted hair roots of Balder.” Is Chel wiggled her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger tossing the football from her side of the netting to the opposite side, sailing directly at Balder.
From the chair, Thian accurately levitated the football in the direction of Marcus while aiming and then popped the hair roots at the top of the black curly bone skull on Ares. The football ricocheted and hit the wall causing the fake people to yell out loud in fear and fury, sticking into the wall with god magic.
Ares reached up and touched his hair roots smoothing down the shifted strands back down in place turning with fury, viewing Thian. He swiftly stood upright from the shared long bench and spun around, sneering down at the silver tinted hair roots on Thian in angry, drawing back a flexed muscle on his fighting arm with a folded fist.
The current fun and pretend football game ended as each other teen either continued to sit down or swiftly stood upright from their chair, staring at Ares with worry.
Ares had proven to be a very powerful teen god and beyond the other seventeen years old group of gods and goddesses.
On the line, in the individual chair beside Thian, his good pal Shango swiftly stood upright from his recliner chair with laughter and reached up, tossing a white tinted powder onto Marcus with a tiny ounce of white. Then Marcus completely disappeared into thin air from the school house building while leaving behind a plume of white mist. The white mist slowly dissolved in the air into nothingness.
On the same line of individual chairs, Thianne swiftly swept off the shared bench and spun around, sneering at Shango and then her brother Thian, waving both of his arms in the air like a mad woman. She shouted out loud in fury. “Bring him back, Shango!” Her brother Thian gasped in shock and then laughed out loud, slowly standing upright, pointing at the empty space that had been Marcus, nodding with amusement.
“Hold your ponytail, Thianne!” Shango continued to stand and winked at her with more laughter.
Balder gasped in shock and stared at the empty space where Ares had stood. He swiftly stood upright from his recliner chair and approached the twin bad boys of Shango and Thian while laughing out loud, producing tears of joy and amusement from the slick magical maneuver. He stopped and stood beside Shango and continued to stare at the empty spot that used to be Marcus in the flesh, bone, and blood proteins. “How did you do that, Shango? I'm impressed.”
Shango spun around and smiled at Balder. “It is a native trick from the country of Africa. The white powder is vanishing powder. The magical substitute causes any life form to disappear into thin air.”
“Where is Ares?” Thianne sneered at the back spine on Shango while feeling fury and fright.
Shango spun back around and nodded with a wink to Thianne, “Marcus is located at a locate of my choosing ...”
“Your choosing, where is Ares?” She growled. “Bring Ares back, right now!”
He smiled. “Once I have tagged an object with the abitus command ...”
“The word, abitus, means gone in the Latin language.” Shivaa stood upright from her chair and smiled at the nose profile on Thianne while giggling at the cool teen god magical trick.
He slapped his chest and smirked. “I, and only I, can send any and every physical body into a safe or unsafe different physical place of my liking.”
“Bring Ares back, right now and right here!” Thianne shouted with more fury and more concern for her guy Marcus.
Thian sat back down and smiled up at the red-colored angry face on Thianne, “Ares ain't hurt, only missing. Relax, Thianne! Let's play ball! Enjoy the rest of the pretend football game, Sis! You like watching football play with me and my favorite football team.” He leaned back into the chair and wiggled sideways laughing with a nod to the other gods and goddesses.
“I, and only I, Shango! Dang it, dude!” Balder reached out and slapped his cupped down on top of the collar bone on Shango, nodding with a smile, removing his hand and clapped with amusement.
Shango smiled at Thianne. “The poisons …”
“Poisons!” Thianne shouted with angry at Shango.
“Shango means potions, not poisons, Thianne.” Thian reached over and slapped the leg on Shango, shaking his bone skull. “The potions …”
“Within the potion, the seedlings are programmed into my DNA molecules. So, I, and only I, can touch the seedlings without a negative reaction on me and my body. Hence, Marcus is gone from the school house room and you and me and him and her and them and they and us, until I, and only I, summon Marcus back here inside this room in front of me and you and him and her and them and they and us again,” he laughed with the other teens but Thianne.
“Right now, Shango!” Thianne wiggled her entire body and both of her arms in the air while screaming at the teen god.
“I would like to remind here that she can produce a stream of heated sizzling fire from open mouth, pal.” Thian turned and winked to Shango.
“Yay! I am hot and heated and ready to go, buddy!” She sneered.
“Hold your spit, Thianne!” Shango laughed with a nod.
“Granny is coming outta of the house and heading into the school house.” Shivaa shouted out loud and always watched the entrance door when the group of gods and goddesses had fun engaging, whether fun or feud.
“Game over!” Lugh continued to sit inside his high chair and wiggled both of his legs back and forth, tossing both of his two short arms in the air, laughing out loud to the other teens for fun.
The other teens wiggled their unique body part and made each individual personality chair disappear from the grassy floor while working together as a unit to make the fun atmosphere into a classroom setting with four rounded tables and an individual wooden straight back chair.
The walls remained the same along with the bright sunlight on the ceiling. Each individual personality chair and the long table of uneaten food items and dirty dishes of abused and used food items disappear from within the school house room for the afternoon of class session with Granny Hanover. The grassy floor morphed into a blonde tinted wooden floor and filled with four individual round wooden tables with a padded wooden chair for each god or goddess.
Standing on top of the naked floor, in front of his recliner chair, Shango continued to chuckle at Thianne and then gasped in worry, reaching down, pulling out a new substance from his suit jacket. He pitched out a red tinted thin powder which landed down on top of the clean wooden floor, where the white dust bunnies were shimmering over the floor. Then Marcus re-appeared in complete body form while growling in angry in a standing position in front of Thianne and faced Shango. The other teens clapped for the slick god trick and stared at Marcus with laughter.
“What the heck, Shango! You're Bam U Cougar meat.” Ares stepped one foot forward with a gasp and then stopped with a worried brow, scratching at his throat, face, hand and some of his other body parts, feeling an itchy sensation.
“Something is wrong here.” Thianne stepped ahead and examined Ares without touching his body.
He continued to touch and scratch several body parts with confusion. “I... I...it itches. It burns on my naked and coated skin.”
Shango continued to stand with a smile and stared at Marcus, whipping his middle finger on his right hand down at his recliner chair, vanishing his individual chair back into his private bedroom with a smile. “Alas! You are experiencing a tea-tiny after effect from my vanishing powder. I am afraid, Ares. One of the true earth minerals is red pepper.”
“Peppers! Red peppers!” He sneered and continued pawing both of his arms and his naked neck, snapping his fingers, changing from his contaminated pale blue Louis Vuitton business suit into a light green Ralph Lauren suit jacket and a matching pair of trousers with a pair black-tinted, leather-feeling shoes.
Balder lifted up and covered his two eyeballs, laughing out loud, staring at Ares. “My eyes hurt, man!”
“Shut them for the rest of the day, Balder.” Ares sneered and spun around, cuddling Thianne, moving ahead towards one of the empty tables.
Balder dropped his hands and sneered at the back spine on Ares, “Use your vanishing powder, again, Shango!”
The entrance door slammed opened and revealed an older woman with average height and weight wearing a yellow dress with tiny red tinted apples around the fabric, rushing into the school house room. She yelled with a sneer at each teen and flipped her left hand clearing off the pretend stadium environment, replacing with a set of four glass windows that showed the true lawn ground and the hillside of the Windsor Farm. “They are here!” She stopped and stood a few feet into the room, staring at each teen face.
Is Chel sat at the second table with her friends Kruti, Shivaa, and Pele while staring at Granny, “Who is here?”
“Whom is here?” Ares sat down and smiled with Thianne on top of the long bench and stared at Granny.
Shango moved ahead with a grin towards the third table with his friends Thian, Balder, and Mithras, “Who is here? That is the grammatical correct sentence structure, man. So, you need to leave and go back and study inside the local elementary grammar school, Marcus.”
On the fourth table, Isis scooted down into an empty chair and turned to stare at the side glass window, seeing the rolling clouds of black tinted over the mountainside, shouting out loud at Granny with nervousness.
“We are venturing outside the school house building, right now, teens. We have some new company visiting us this afternoon.” Granny spun around and rushed ahead, exiting the open archway, walking across the manicured lawn in silence towards the mountainside with the clouds of black hue.
Inside the interior four glass windows within the school house building, each teen turned and glanced at each other, slowly sitting upright from the seat, exiting the school house room.
On the outside, each teen slowly moved ahead in pairs or trios following behind the back spine on Granny Hanover. Granny continued to move ahead without vocal instructions, leaving the manicured lawn at the Windsor Farms, padding down a pebble pathway into an open meadow of colorful wildflowers and short green tinted grass and weeds minus a herd of smelly horses, which had been quickly relocated into another grazing grassy field for food.
Ares and Thianne moved ahead of the row with Balder, Shango, and Thian. Shango watched ahead and laughed out loud, “Don’t step in that, Ares!”
“Levitated over it!” Ares whipped his right hand and then quickly floated in the air, cuddling his girl Thianne as both of them walked in the air waves while chuckling at the air-borne fun trip over the pasture field.
“Show off!” Balder frowned at the two bodies in the air.
“Thank you!” Ares chuckled with a smile and stared at the commotion in the air waves.
“Hush, teens!” Granny led the group of teen gods and goddesses ahead over the long pasture field, shouting out loud at the troublesome teens and then she stopped down at the valley in front of the hilltop beside Mr. and Mrs. Windsor. The numerous rows of teens stopped and slowly formed a semi-crooked line, staring at the nasty weather element that painted the pale blue sky, lightly chatting with each other with puzzlement and mystery.
Within the rolling clouds of black hue, a black tinted helicopter sounded like a roll of loud thunder, before a pair of eyeballs could see the two rotors twirling from the dark clouds, flying high within the clear sky among the pale blue sky. The flying machine landed down on the peak of a rolling grassy hillside killing the machine engine.
At the top of the same rolling grassy hillside, a bright blue lightning bolt streaked the clear sky with a sound of loud growls as four Harley Davidson black and silver chromed motorcycles appeared at the peak top and then rolled down splitting up a horizontal formation into two pairs, stopping in each side of the parked and stationary helicopter.
The helicopter door slid open and revealed a tall, slender woman. She jumped down from the metal lip on the doorway and moved ahead towards the semi-crooked line of teen gods and goddesses, wearing a Dolce & Gabbana designer brand black tinted knee-length dress with her black tinted scarf flying from her naked throat in the light breeze and a pair of wrap-around Ray-Ban sunglasses across her two eyeballs. She stomped over the short green tinted weeds and green tinted grass on a pair of four-inches matching black tinted Christian Louboutin designer brand platform shoes, hauling a silver tinted Dooney and Bourke designer brand purse in her cupped hand.
As the mysterious lady slowly moved forward towards the semi-crooked line of teen gods and goddess, the four cyclists stood upright and shifted off each bike seat, advancing slightly behind her back spine, forming a row of four intimidating bulky muscle, wearing solid black hue, a pair of cowboy boots, a pair of leather pants, a black leather jacket and a pair of fingerless gloves. Each chest displayed a black tinted tee shirt with an individual colored head on a horse with a forehead of bangs and a long hairy mane which was painted in one hue or white or red or black or beige.
Mr. and Mrs. Windsor and Granny Hanover stood in place and stared at the mysterious woman and her four strange-looking body guards in front of the line of teen gods and goddesses.
“Is she a Hollywood movie film star?” Balder leaned over with a smile and whispered to Shango.
Shango smiled at the bulky men and whispered back. “No! I don’t think so.”
He smiled. “Is she a fashion model?”
“I didn’t know Mr. Windsor know any superstar runway fashion models.”
Balder smiled. “I wish. She’s hot!”
Shango smiled. “Is she a swim suit super hot model?”
The mysterious woman and her four body guards stopped a few feet from Granny Hanover, nodding with a smile in silence to the line of teen gods and goddesses. Granny spun around and nodded to the line of teens in silence. The semi-crooked line of teens chuckled with delight and rushed ahead, slowly forming a huddle around Granny Hanover while staring at the mysterious guests.
“Good morning! I am Apollyon. You may call me, Polly.” The mysterious lady in the black tinted designer dress coming from the stationary helicopter greeted with a smile, when a roll of loud thunder rumbled within the cloudless bright sunny day.
Ares stood beside Mithras and cuddled with Thianne, “She’s hotter than hot ...”
“Not now, Marcus!” Thianne stood slightly inside the chest on Ares and overheard the whispered words about the older woman, staring at the same individual with a fake smile.
Ares continued to stand and smiled at the hot older woman, “Didn’t you get it, darling? Hotter than the hot in ....” Another blast of loud thunder rumbled within the cloudless day.
“Hush, Marcus!” Granny frowned at the voice on Marcus and continued to nod to Polly.
Polly bent down and dropped her designer purse on top of the grass, standing upright with a smile, extending both of her arms on each side of her body, nodding to the line of individual gods and goddesses. “I would like to introduce the four horsemen of the Apocalypse …”
“...dressed as a set of four bikers …” Ares laughed.
“You have a good acute eyesight, young deva.” Polly turned and nodded to Ares.
Lugh leaned over and stared up at tall Ares, winking with a smile. “She called you, an arm chair, Ares,” he laughed with the other teens, except for Ares.
“Shut up, leprechaun!” Ares looked down and sneered at the short teen god. Lugh stood upright and stared at Polly.
“Hush, Marcus!” Thianne leaned over and slapped the forearm on Ares while staring at Polly and the four horsemen of the Apocalypse.
Polly looked up and smiled at the in-coming rolling white tinted cloud coverage among the pale blue sky. “Ah! Good timing now! May I introduce to you, Archangel Michael!” She pointed at the clouds at a large object with a pair of twenty-six wing span.
The object slowly dropped beneath the rolling white clouds flying gracefully and then landed down on top of the grass without a puff of air pressure, quickly tucking his pair of wings back down into his attire. The male measured six feet and eleven inches in height and displayed a head of shoulder length blonde colored hair, a jaw line of red tinted dusting, a pair of intense pale blue eyeballs, wearing a Zilli designer brand business suit in white tinted silk with a matching white tinted silk textured dress shirt, and a matching white tinted long necktie. “Good morning, teens!” He nodded with a smile to each god and goddess. “You call me, Mic, for the shortened version of my given name.” Each teen nodded with a smile to Mic in silence. Mic waved his hand sideways. “I do believe that we need a round of chairs and a tall table of cold and hot refreshments.” A curved line of cozy, comfortable various recliner chairs and chaise lounge chairs with a small table in-between the seats with an assortment of snacks and beverages to share with their buddy.
A chaise lounge chair stood behind the pair of legs on Polly, she sat down and picked up her purse, placing next to her elbow, motioning with a hand for each teen to stand down. They complied with a set of smiles and chuckles staring at Polly. The four horsemen occupied the twin pairs of chairs beside Polly. She nodded with a stern face, “We have …”
Thian continued to stand in the middle of the grass without back stepping into one of the empty chairs, staring at Polly. “Wait a sec here!”
“Thian!” Granny Hanover sat down on one of the chaise lounge chairs and gasped in horror at the terrible teenly behavior on the god teen.
“Precede, young teen!” Mic stood behind the chair on Polly and nodded with a stern face to Thian.
Thian exhaled with nervousness, “If you are really who you really are …”
Ares sat inside a lounge chair beside Thianne and frowned at the back spine on Thian with a smile. “Just go and say it, man!”
Thian looked back and nodded to Ares. “I’m nervous here. Okay!” He jerked back and cleared his tight throat, staring at Polly with worry. “If they really come from up there, then the answer to this is ...”
“Precede, young teen!” Mic nodded.
Thian exhaled with worry, “How do you kill a god?”
He smiled. “By the …”
Thian lifted both of his palms near his smile with a nod. “All right! Enough here! So, I believe.” He slowly back stepped and then stumbled down into one of the recliner chairs, smiling at Polly and Mic.
Shango turned and frowned at the nose profile on Thian, “Uh! You didn't allow Mic to address your questions, dude?”
“Yes, he did.” Thian pointed to Mic. “Mic had performed a telepathic message into my mental mind with the answer that you did not hear the vocal words in the air waves.”
“Do we all believe in us now?” Polly turned and smiled to each face.
“Yes, sir and ma’am, we all do now!” Thian answered as the leader of the wolf pack.
Polly nodded with a smile and then exhaled with worry, wearing a stern face, viewing each young face again. “We come here to deliver a vitally important vocal message to each teen god and goddess. Satan is dead.” A sound wave of soft mutters, mumbles and moans filled the air waves.
“Truly?” Is Chel gasped in shock.
Mithras tossed an arm in the air and nodded with a smile. “Right on, brothers and sisters!”
Balder stood upright from his recliner chair in-between Nikki and Lugh, dancing sideways. “Yay! Let’s all celebrate!”
Polly continued to sit and cleared her throat, speaking out loud to each young face. “This vitally important message is a warning of worry rather than a proclamation of celebration.”
“Truly?” Kruti gasped in shock.
“Not good, bro!” Shango frowned.
Thianne frowned. “Let’s not all celebrate, then.”
Polly nodded. “The demise of Satan was caused by family rivalry, not by external influences.” A roll of loud thunder rumbled within the cloudless sunny day.
Isis shook her curls with a sad face, “Not very good!”
Balder frowned. “Truly!”
Shivaa frowned. “Satan is a very unkind …”
Thian frowned. “Just say it! He is a wicked, very wicked …”
Polly continued with a stern face. “I stand here in an open meadow, within the USA, inside the great State of Alabama, on top of Sand Mountain from the farm warning all of his demon relatives had decided to take on ...”
“Incoming!” Mic looked up with worry and pointed at the sky.
Falling down from the clear sky a row, a semi-circle of gigantic flying humanoid shapes quickly landed down on top of the meadow grass and wildflowers two by two or three by three, forming a curved row behind the chairs with the heavenly angels, facing the curved line of teen gods and goddesses. Each body measured four feet in height and displayed a pair of gigantic round-shaped dark blue eyes, a pair of gigantic red tinted lips, a big round yellow tinted nose without a pair of earlobes on a clean face without hair and with a bald head, wearing an ankle-length white tinted sleeveless dress, a pair of leather sandals, and a solid gold sparkling circular necklace around its naked throat. The stationary humanoid body stood upright and held both of its arms at the side that displayed a set of four obese digits on each naked hand and four fat toes on each naked foot.
Within the circle of seats, each teen and adult stood upright from the chair and followed each unique monster down from the sky, staring with mystery and intrigue.
Ares stood in front of his seat and cuddled Thianne, pointing with laughter at the curve line of unique beasts, “I don't know who they are. But each one appears like Bobo, the earless clown,” he laughed out loud with the other teens and some of the adults.
Behind the chair on Polly, Mic spun around with a sneer and wiggled his hands, manifesting a two-handed long sword in angel silver steel.
Polly spun around and scooted around her chair, wiggling both of her hands, producing a tomahawk within her cupped hands.
“Don’t touch them! No! Don't touch them!” Shivaa stood in front of her chair with worry and pointed at the curved line of beasts, whipping her Gucci designer brand handbag from her collar bone, holding in front of her chest. She reached inside and whipped out a small velveteen bag of bead pellets with acid, dropping her purse down on the grass. She sneered at the curved line of beasts.
Thian stood in-between Shango and Lugh and reached backwards, pulling out a taser weapon from his back pocket on his Levi brand blue jeans while readying for an upcoming bloody and deadly fight.
Thianne pulled away from Ares and stood alone, jerking out her twin silver tinted daggers from her Prada designer brand handbag and dropped her purse down into her chair seat, holding each one down near her jaw line for the beastie attack.
Shango sneered at the curved row of clowns and presented a blue leather pouch which was filled with flavored powders and composed of acidic and toxin poisons when tossed on any biological life form, aiming his cupped hand filled with death.
Kuan Yi whipped out a can of mace from her Gucci designer brand purse and dropped the purse in her seat holding the can near her sneer, staring at the curved line of clowns.
Dainichi displayed a pair of night sticks in each cupped hand from her Guess designer brand clutch bag as her purse tumbled down onto the grass.
Mithras whipped out a tool from his Gucci designer brand backpack and held near his sneer at the curved line of monsters.
Marcus stood in-between Mithras and Thianne turning with a chuckle to see the nose profile on Balder. “Did you really bring a common household screwdriver tool into a fist fight, man?”
“Shut up, Marcus!” Mithras growled at the line of monsters.
Marcus didn’t have a weapon of mass destruction and leaned over whispering to Mithras. “Did you get another one, for me, man?”
He laughed. “On your own godless!”
Suddenly, a tall and bright figure appeared behind the back spine on teen god Marcus and smiled at the black tinted rear bone skull, “Hi! I’m Gab!”
Ares spun around and gasped in shock, “Gab!”
He slapped his chest with one hand and handed off his long spear weapon to Marcus with a smile. “I am archangel Gabriel, your BFF for the day.”
Ares accepted the weapon and rubbed the long pole with both hands and a smile. “Great! And thanks, man!” He spun around and positioned the long pole above his hair roots, sneering at the numerous lines of beasts.
A line of archangel from heaven appeared and formed a second row of defense behind the curved line of chairs and teens. Archangel Uriel held a pike axe. Malachi posed with a cross bow with arrow stringed at the curved line of monsters. Archangel Raphael twirled his lance and grinned at the monsters.
Inside the circle of chairs, Balder held a double axe and stood in front of Nikki, protecting her from harm.
Lugh fell down onto the grass and covered his head. Pele back stepped from the line and pulled out a wooden club from her Versace designer brand handbag, standing in front of his worried face while guarding Lugh from the fight with the curved line of monsters.
Dainichi gasped in worry and slowly scooted backwards, hiding her face and her petite body behind one of the tall recliner chairs without engaging in the upcoming fight.
Isis stood beside Thian and gasped in horror at the line of pretty enemies slapping both hands over her designer clothes without finding a weapon to defend her person. Thian turned and gasped down at Isis reaching out, pulling her behind his back spine with a sneer. "Stay behind me! We will fight them together."
Isis meekly said with worry. "Okay."
Shivaa held her bag of bead acidic pellets in one hand and reached inside, pulling a handful of smooth beads that did not eat away her hand while shouting out loud to the other teen gods and divas. “Don’t look into their eyes!”
“Don’t look into their eyes, what does that mean? Why not, Shivaa?” Ares turned and gasped in shock at the nose profile on Shivaa.
“Like she say, don’t look at the eyes.” Gab repeated the vocal command behind the back spine on Ares.
“Got it!” Ares returned back and sneered at the curved line of targeted prey.
“Got it!” Gab smiled at the same prey.
“Hit their gold bands.” Shivaa shouted more instructions.
“What!” Marcus asked with confusion.
“Each one wears a dog collar in golden hue. Hit the clown on the collar.” Gab pointed at the exposed naked throat.
“Understood!” Ares held the long spear in a pair of sweaty palms over his hair roots, scooting closer to protect his girl Thianne, sneering at the new line of enemy.
“Roger and out!” Shango growled at the new line of enemy also.
The first wave of clowns had landed, either purposely or accidently, on top of the grazing cows inside the open pasture, and then a strange thing occurred. When a clown had landed down on top of the cow back spine or touched a cow body part, the animal disappeared and was replaced with a new life form. An upright clown morphed its exterior skin tissue into a new shape with geometric black and white patches over the body flesh and a pair of rounded pink tinted cow ear points and a long brushy tail of black hue. Then, the clown exploded into tiny yellow and red fire balls becoming a pile of drifting red ashes in the air and then sizzled into death.
Mic chuckled at each dead cow and dead clown. “Ashes to ashes and dust to dust! I always enjoyed that vocal and visual ancient heavenly expression,” he laughed with all the angels and some of the teens.
“Hold my spit!” Shango shook his bald head in confusion.
“Later, teen!” Mic leaped up from the grass first and soared a few feet through the air, attacking the center row of stationary pale skinned, blue-eyed, and red tinted big lipped clowns, slicing down his angel sword into a golden tinted necklace on the first clown. The humanoid clown quickly exploded into a plume of large red burning ashes and sizzled in death.
Seventeen years old teen goddess Kuan Yi was impressive with her set of bare-handed fighting skills in Kung Fu while punching, kicking, and twirling her four different limbs, hitting each clown, hearing the sweet beastie cry. Then she sprayed the can of Mace in its face. Alas! The clown did not die but continued to walk ahead towards her upright body with a pair of extended arms while trying to touch her into a death kill.
Mic turned and pitched his long sword to Chun as she accepted and grabbed by the hilt. He shouted. “Hit the clown collar!”
She elegantly aimed the sword striking the golden band around its exposed neck. The clown exploded into a large pile of colorful flames and then sizzled into a smaller burning fire ball in mid-air turning faster in a pile of gray ashes as the wind carried by the remnants over the open meadow fields. Kuan Yi sneered and marched ahead, striking more of the clowns, creating a pathway of burning fireballs.
As the row of clowns moved closer towards the line of teens, numerous weapons shot out through the air using god-kinesis, tapping at the golden collar. Individual medium-sized fireballs filled the air waves and then numerous piles of cooling gray tinted ashes feel down to the grass or blew away with the light breeze from the active battle field. The blue sky turned into a river muddy color as each beige skins of the clowns wearing the white skirts crisscrossed the clouds, diving to the dirt, deftly landing in a slight crouch before stepping upright with arms extended for a loving touch of a warm body.
On the battle field of a grassy meadow, Shivaa halted with several deep breathes and a sweaty face, surveying the new rows of enemies falling down from the skyline and yelled out loud to anyone. “There're too many clowns to fight.” She ran backwards from the advancing rows of clowns and tossed her sword at the advancing clown, hitting the golden collar, watching it explode into a dust ball of color. Then a new clown quickly replaced the loss one in the advancing line against the group of teens.
In the meadow of short weeds and grass, Polly screamed out loud. “I agree,” she stopped and dropped her pike axe down to her side, lifting up her free hand into her lips, whistling really loud in an unladylike fashion.
In the sky, a loud roaring sound rumbled above the line of rolling clouds and then scattered groups of figures dropped through the clouds attacking each roaming clown. The figure was were shaped like a gigantic canine with one head and four legs with a set of protruded sharp claws, a short muscular trunk with hairless skin in the color of honey. The dog head possessed no ears, a pair of round shaped silver eyes, a short snout, a pair of overextended dog incisors, and a mouth of drooling pink tinted saliva from a pair of orange lips. Each dog sent out an individual laser beam in silver hue from each eye socket aiming at each clown and then destroyed the foe on top of the grass or in the air.
Each teen god and goddess stopped their fighting and looked up, viewing the new action, sounding with claps, hoots, and whistles for each dead clown.
Then each dog gently landed down on its four paws gathering around Polly, their mistress. She reached out with each hand and petted the two closest animals, nodding with a smile. “Good Hanky! Good Hanky!”
The teens and archangels formed a semi-crooked line on top of the meadow and stared at the numerous plumes of burning fire balls that slowly floated away through the light breeze and became part of the earth soil somewhere else but here. Lugh slowly stood upright from the grass and giggled with silliness, moving ahead, brushing off the dirt and stopped in the line of teens.
Is Chel frowned at the disappearing fireballs. “What the heck were those clowns?”
“JANES.” Polly smiled and stared at the same picture of peace and harmony, once again.
Balder smiled at each large dog without trying to take the drooling and growling beast. “Your pets are...”
“HANKS.” Polly continued to smile and surveyed the peaceful valley.
Mic moved ahead, stopped, and stood a few feet behind the rows of dogs, staring at each drooling and growling monster, “Hounds of Apollyon's Nasty Killing Shits.”
“Mic!” She spun around and frowned at the archangel. He laughed. She nodded. “Mic likes to joke. Please, try to ignore his sideways humor. HANKS are really a herd of Heavenly Animal Neutralization Kindness Slayers,” she moved ahead and patted more of her large dogs with a smile.
Lugh frowned at some of the larger dogs with great fear, “O!”
Ares laughed and pointed at the one of the dogs, “I like Mic’s ...”
“Hush, Marcus!” Thianne stood beside Ares and elbowed his rib cage with fury.
He lifted both of his arms in the air and handed the spear back to archangel Gabriel, dropping both of his arms around his girl, smiling with amusement, “My opinion counts.”
On top of the dirty grass with splattering of god blood and ripped skin, Polly slowly moved through the herd of large dogs that did not follow behind her and returned back to the stationary curved circle of chairs, nodding with a stern face to each teen. “Yes, your opinions count. Mic, be kind and clean up for me!” Mic spun around and laughed, waving one hand, cleaning off the grass and then performing an upright on all the twisted furniture items. Polly smiled and scooted around her recliner chair, sitting back down, nodding to each teen. “Thank you, Mic! Let us all be seated again. We still have much to discuss, teens.”
Lugh shuffled backwards with a giggle and replaced his butthole in the same seat, smiling at pretty Polly, “Amen to that!”
The group of archangels wiggled a hand and produced an individual chair, sitting slightly diagonal to Polly. She turned and nodded to each angel, who had assisted with the victory starting with. “This is archangel Uriel.”
“El.” He nodded to the circle of teen gods and goddesses.
“Malachi,” she nodded.
“Mal.” He smiled.
“Raphael,” she nodded.
Mithras laughed. “So, are you nicknamed as Rap?”
“Raphael.” He growled at the young teen god.
“O!” He frowned.
Thian frowned at Polly. “So, who had invited the line of pretty clowns to our party celebration?”
Shivaa sat down in a recliner seat next to Ares explaining in detail. “JANES are Hindu bad guys, kinda like, a group of trolls or demons or other spirits of evil. They are nicknamed as conquerors for conquering and imprisoning the soul of their victim into their human physical body.”
Thianne sat inside a recliner chair in-between Ares and Is Chel, saying with confusion, “They don’t fight with a weapon, such like, a sword or a dagger.”
Shivaa turned and nodded to each teen, “A soul eater can paralyze your body or any living body with their pair of yellow eyes. Didn’t you see the color of their eyeballs?”
Shango laughed. “No! You commanded me not to look at their eyes.”
“Good deva!” She laughed.
Shivaa continued. “Once the victim is numb, any of the JANES can touch any part of the biological body, absorbing the complete physical appearance on the human or animal or insect or reptile along with their living soul.”
Kuan Yi pointed in the distance green pasture fields with alive and happy grazing cows that were not touched by the JANES, “The cows, I mean, the clowns, I mean, the things turned into something like a moo cow with black and white patches and pink tinted ears and a cow tail too.”
Polly nodded. “JANES can only absorb the souls of mortals or gods …”
“Us! That’s us, ya'll.” Isis gasped in shock and worry.
Thian frowned. “Just great!”
“Not good.” Nikki frowned.
“Dang it!” Ares frowned.
“Bull frog crap!” Shango frowned.
Lugh frowned with worry. “Holy snot!”
Polly nodded with a stern tone. “Each deva or devi meet your new arch-enemy.”
Pele gasped in shock, “What new arch-enemy?”
Ares swiftly stood upright from the chair and wiped the sweat from his face, extending both of his arms even with the grass, smiling at each teen face. “We do not have a single enemy. We are a group of fun-loving, stupid teenagers. We are too young for a single enemy,” he turned and nodded to the leader of the pack. “Ain't that right and roger, Thian?”
Lugh whined with worry, “I want my mommy and daddy.”
“I wanna be an adult.” Pele nodded with a stern face.
Dainichi turned and frowned at Pele, “Why in the universe do you wanna become a full-time goddess?”
“I wanna become a full-time god!” Shango nodded.
Polly continued. “JANES, they had been the slave race for the Titans while serving food trays, slaughtering the human peoples, and searing up raw meat for the giant race during the Golden Age.”
“Golden Age of what year or decade or centuries or eon?” Ares laughed.
Mic nodded with a stern face to the teens. “I have another big hint for each one of you. A biological or a chemical weapon does not work on their chemical body and neither does a magnet.”
“A rocker launcher will do that job, most definitely and defiantly.” Ares laughed.
“No, Marcus!” Mic shook his bone skull.
Thian laughed. “A biological or chemical or rocker launcher expands too much collateral damage for me.”
Mic nodded. “A sonic or laser beam might work, but the heat intensity will burn off all of your five limbs,” he laughed with the other archangels.
“Incendiary my five limbs, what fifth limb? I don't possess a fifth limb. Where is my fifth limb located at?” Mithras frowned as each male laughed out loud. Balder leaned over and whispered into the eardrum on Mithras. Mithras turned bright red and then meekly moaned. "O!" The other teens and adults chuckled out loud.
Ares laughed out loud and continued to make suggestions. “All right! We want to damage with fire at all nasty things. So, we can use a flamethrower.”
Polly shook her curls and her finger pad at Marcus. “Be very careful here on the planet with firearms, missiles, and nuclear weapons. The human race comprises fragile and delicate beings, when encountering man-made or god-made weapons.”
“No prob!” Thian nodded with a stern face.
“How about an anti-matter weapon?” Ares smiled.
“What!” Nikki frowned.
“A hypothetical device using anti-matter as the power source which does not exist here within your universe, teen deva.” Mic frowned.
Ares slapped his chest and nodded with a smile. “I am just thinking out loud...”
“...without your brain cells, again, Ares.” Thian laughed out loud with the other teens, but Marcus.
Shango shook his bald mound with worry. “Hold your mouth spit here! When you use the words, trapped down in fire hell, it seems to me that they are not there any longer but here now.”
Polly nodded with a stern face. “Correct, teen deva! Before we had been rudely interrupted.”
“Your message told that Satan is dead. So that means something more is coming or happening or working.”
“Not good!” Nikki shook her curls with worry.
“For whom?” Is Chel frowned.
“For who?” Pele frowned.
“For them?” Balder pointed in the sky with concern.
Lugh slapped his chest with worry. “For us?”
“Precisely, us, teens!” Mithras nodded with a smile.
Polly nodded. “Satan had been a fallen angel falling out from the heavenly plane and then he had been given restrictions and rules to follow...”
“…like a game...” Ares frowned.
Polly said. “For simplicity, the rules for Satan are similar to the rules of an Earth plane game.”
“The Earth plane game has changed. Therefore, all of the rules have changed too.” Thian nodded with worry.
“I don’t understand!” Lugh frowned.
“I understand.” Is Chel nodded with worry.
“I wanna understand!” Nikki frowned.
“I don't wanna understand!” Shango frowned.
Polly nodded. “Someone has gotten Satan out of the way and opened up the secret non-human and earthly hidden passageway and then released out all the JANES here inside this world.”
Balder frowned. “Truly!”
“Not true!” Kuan Yi frowned.
“Not good!” Nikki shook her curls with worry.
Lugh frowned with horror, “I want my mommy and daddy.”
Thian nodded with worry. “So, this new one is the new leader in fire hell.”
Mic shook his bone skull. “No! Lucifer is back in command down there in fire hell.”
Polly explained. “This deity is a wild card running its organization between the realms of heaven and hell, even super nasty angel Lucifer does not wanna mess around with it.”
Pele nodded with worry, “Between heaven and hell, there is a place which is called Planet Earth.”
“Yes, the wild card deity is running around up here on Planet Earth. Our heavenly intelligence leads to one single hint: Satan’s Grandmother.”
Ares bust out in laughter and shook his bone skull. “No way, pretty lady! Satan’s Grandmother is an ancient American Wild, Wild West expression that means one’s enemy.”
Polly smiled. “That is an apt analogy, young teen god.”
Mithras frowned. “I might it hard to believe that son of a gun had a mother, much less a grandmother.”
“Truly!” Balder frowned.
“Not true!” Kuan Yi frowned.
“Not very good!” Nikki frowned with worry.
“I want my mommy and daddy.” Lugh whined with worry.
“It is an expression, only!” Thian frowned.
“It is no expression!” Thianne frowned.
Polly emphasized. “Satan’s Grandmother is running the show up here on Planet Earth. She wants to open the hidden gates of Tartarus that contains all the imprisoned nasty teammates of Titans, releasing their fury back upon Earth for a second time.”
“Talk about a population implosion!” Is Chel frowned.
Kuan Yi nodded. “That could toss us back into the Stone Age …”
“...and beyond the pebble stones towards a pond of single floating one-celled amoebas,” Pele nodded with worry.
Shango frowned. “An amoeba is a tiny minuscule particle of life that had formed on Planet Earth 65 million years ago.”
“That far!” Thianne gasped in shock.
Thian shook his bone skull and frowned at Polly. “This is all impossible. The race of gigantic and nasty Titans is boxed into a set of living graves, even Satan cannot locate them, foreverly.”
Mic nodded. “You are correct, again, young teen god. Satan didn’t have the power to open the door either. However, he does possess the key of knowledge and is responsible for their unending fate as a group of living and non-air breathing corpses.”
Thian nodded. “Okay! Satan did not help them, since he cannot be blamed or punished here. So, his grandmother is innocent of any and all cosmic crimes. Now, Satan is dead. Therefore, Satan's Grandmother can come and open the hidden gates of Chaos.”
Polly smiled. “You are very good, young teen god.”
“Way to go, Thian!” Shango reached over and slapped the bicep on Thian with a smile.
“I hate being right.” Thian moaned with worry, when a loud roar of thunder rumbled within the cloudless sunny day. He smiled. I like to be right.”
“Where do we fit into the mix here?” Isis frowned.
Mithras tossed his arm in the air and smiled to Polly, “I got this one! Satan Grandmother is coming after us. Am I right? I am right!” Each one of the teens moaned with worry.
Polly nodded. “Absolutely correct, young teen god! Satan Grandmother is the leader of all the JANES...”
"That we just killed here on top of the Earth plane. Ugh! I want my mommy and daddy!" Lugh frowned.
Isis frowned. “JANES want us...”
“...and we want our mommies and daddies,” Mithras slapped his chest and nodded with worry.
Lugh nodded with a worry, “Amen to that!”
Polly lectured. “A few god and goddess tips for the surviving the nest of nasty JANES. They travel like a pack of wild dogs or swarm like the locust or flock like flying birds …”
“So, run and hop and jump away from them all! I got it!" Lugh laughed.
Polly continued. “They travel during the day light hours only. The source of their power is the bright sunlight which gives their eyeballs the yellow illumination.”
Pele nodded. “Power of the sun! Check!”
Polly nodded. “Both GREGS and FREDS are their natural enemies, if the nasty things are encountered.”
Shango nodded with a smile. “Enemies of the GREGS and FREDS! Check!”
Is Chel tossed both of her arms in the air with a smile. “This is too easy. We toss a goodbye party and invite everyone here on the planet...”
“…except us...” Lugh nodded with laughter.
Polly nodded. “Destroy them by hitting the dog collar with any weapon available as long as you do not look into the yellow tinted illuminated eyeballs.”
Nikki smiled. “Eyeballs! Check!”
Kuan Yi smiled. “What about the mortal human and animals and insects and reptiles that live here on the planet with us and the GREGS and the FREDS and the JANES, not the HANKS?”
Polly explained. “JANES absorb any matter that it can touch including humans, animals, insects, GREGS, and FREDS.  Once the living soul is entrapped in one of the JANES, the JANES will transform into that physical appearance of that live and breathing human person for seven solar days and moon nights utilizing all of the living soul's blood, bones, skin, organs, and muscles for their short exist while walking around on the soil ground. Then, it is time for the JANES to find another living soul victim...”
Shango nodded, “A god…”
“…or a diva...” Pele nodded.
“…or teen gods or goddess," Polly nodded with a stern face. "Each JANES will entrap your god or goddess physical body and then imprison your living soul transporting both of you as one back to Satan’s Grandmother, who is their group leader. Then each JANES will spit your living soul on the dirt and then die in peace. This is a JANES' short term goal.”
Thianne frowned. “Why does Satan's Grandmother want any of all of us, who are only god or goddesses-in-training?”
Polly nodded. “The prime key to opening the hidden Tartarus gate is god or goddess blood.”
Nikki frowned with worry. “My mom and dad are …”
“... are safe and sound,” Mic nodded with a smile. "I promise. Do you believe me, young teen goddess?”
“Yes,” Nikki nodded with streams of tears in worry for her life and her parents.
Polly explained. “Each set of biological parents had agreed to the Earth-bound Fosterage Ritual, after you had been birthed and taken upon the care of your special set of understanding, caring, and loving non-supernatural guardians.”
“Stupid idea for all of us!” Mithras frowned.
Polly lectured. “At the time, the old Celtic fosterage program had ensured safety, education, and skill sets for each young and rambunctious super human living within this mortal world. The program worked very well for both parties for thousands of years. God and goddess leader Zeus, all of his sisters and brothers and all his grandchildren and great-grandchildren had endured the same God and Goddess Fosterage Ritual too. I can assure you.”
Pele frowned. “I thought the king of the Greek and Roman gods Kronos had eaten his son Roman god Zeus and all of his children.”
Polly smiled. “That’s a misconception. Roman god Zeus had been fostered in the same ritual from his newborn birth until he was eighteen years old like each one of you, teens. Then he became an adult and caused more trouble here on Planet Earth.”
“So, old man Zeus had been a god teen here on Planet Earth, like me!” Shango slapped his chest and chuckled with the other teens.
“You are precisely correct, young teen god!” Polly nodded.
Mic nodded. “When the gang of young, bright, and strong supernatural children returned back with greater powers and advanced fighting techniques and better social skills and numerous friends of hu-mans. Their dad King Kronos went crazy, swallowing up all of his children, securing his reign as king of all magical gods and goddesses.”
Shivaa motioned with her hand with a sour frown. “Yadda! Yadda! Yadda! We know the rest of the story. How does Satan’s Grandmother fit into our mixture of the current gang of young, bright, and strong supernatural children of Roman and Greek gods and goddesses?”
“Satan’s Grandmother doesn’t exist. It’s an expression, ain't that right, Thian?” Marcus turned and nodded to Thian.
“I don’t know.” Thian exhaled with worry and stared at Polly for an answer.
“Just great!” Kuan Yi frowned.
“Not great!” Is Chel frowned.
“Holy snot!” Mithras frowned.
“Dang it!” Ares frowned.
“Heck fire!” Pele frowned.
“Hold my spit!” Shango frowned.
“I want my mommy and daddy.” Lugh whined.
“Why can’t our parents help us down here on the Earth plane, right now?” Thianne frowned.
“They will become captured by the JANES, too, goddess.” Isis nodded with worry.
Polly exhaled with worry. “Your parents can come back to the Earth plane at anytime that they desire. However, your parents must stay and accept their new fate as a pair of mortals.”
Thianne gasped in shock, “My parents will become a set of mortals and a god and a goddess.”
Pele smiled. “Don't you remember, teen god and goddesses? One parent is a human. This arrangement is not fair to me or my parents!”
“I don’t understand!” Lugh frowned.
“I understand.” Is Chel nodded with worry.
“I wanna understand!” Nikki frowned.
“I don't wanna understand!” Shango frowned.
Polly nodded. “As protection from Satan’s Grandmother also, your parents have elected to live peacefully within another part of this galaxy.”
Thianne gasped in shock, “Are my parents safe?”
Mic nodded. “Your parents are very safe.”
“Unlike us, we are not safe!” Lugh whined.
Nikki smiled. “Well, so, send us away from Planet Earth and go with them. Then all of us will be safe from Satan's Grandmother.”
Polly shook her head, “You’re not yet winged.”
Kuan Yi nodded. “Polly means we have not been winged at the age of eighteen years old like a baby bird with feathered wings.”
Polly lectured. “Exactly, young teen goddess! On your eighteenth birthday, as dictated by the fosterage ritual, you will see your biological parents.”
“That sucks for me!” Balder frowned.
Lugh whined. “I want my mommy and daddy!”
Isis looked up in the bright sunlight and sprinted her eyelashes in the sunshine, “Can I see my parents for a short brief three seconds?”
Polly frowned. “No.”
“Can I talk with them for three two seconds?”
“No.”
“Can I communicate with my mother only for one second?”
“No.”
Thianne frowned at Polly. “Is that your rule or their rule, Polly?”
Granny turned and frowned at Thianne, “What are you asking here, devi Thianne?”
“Forget it!” She looked down and stared at the tore grass, exhaling with worry for her parents.
Shango nodded to Polly, “Do our parents know about our fate?”
“No one knows the fate of you or their or our or her or his!” Pele nodded with a smile.
Polly nodded. “Your fate is not set in stone. Your future depends on how well you fair …”
“... with the FREDS, the GREGS and the JANES …” Thian frowned.
Ares nodded, “...and the grandmother from he …”
“Ares!” Thianne reached over and slapped his bicep with a sneer of worry.
“Heel!” He laughed with the other teens.
Polly nodded. “Satan’s demise and Satan's Grandmother’s arrival have changed the rules of the game.”
Thian nodded with a stern face. “The new game play rule. We must go and stop Satan’s Grandmother from opening the hidden gate of Tartarus and releasing out the race of nasty gigantic Titans from creating chaos here on our home world.”
“You got it right!” Shango nodded with a stern face.
Polly nodded. “The only clue given is that Grandmother needs to acquire god or goddess blood to open up the single gate.”
Isis frowned. “How much god or goddess blood? I only possess about eight pints and that is not enough to open my bathroom toilet seat,” she giggled with nervousness.
Polly answered. “The measurement is uncertain.”
Shivaa frowned. “Whose blood from the gods and divas is required to open the single gate?”
Polly said. “Uncertain.”
Is Chel nodded. “Where is the location of mysterious Tartarus?”
Polly told. “Uncertain.”
Ares laughed. “Where is the magical god and goddess Calvary here?”
Polly expressed. “Uncertain.”
Balder frowned. “Who is going to win this supernatural battle with Satan's Grandmother versus us, gods and goddess?”
Polly stated. “Uncertain.”
Mithras raised both of his arms in the air and then slapped them back down onto his legs, nodding with a stern face. “Who has the Frankenstein freaking answers?”
Polly informed. “Uncertain.”
Dainichi asked. “Who is going to lose this supernatural battle with Satan's Grandmother versus us, gods and goddess?”
Kuan Yi nodded with worry and slapped her chest. “Certainly us!”
Thian frowned. “Man, I’m living in land of the lost.”
“…on the planet of the humans...” Pele laughed.
“…in the light of love and luck,” Thianne turned and smiled at Marcus. He turned and winked back at his girl.
Lugh frowned. “What do we do now?”
Thian nodded with a stern face. “We go and do our new homework assignment. We find out who is Satan's Grandmother and where is the location of Tartarus and how to save our precious god and goddess blood when defending our life and saving the world.”
Isis frowned. "Whoa! That is a lot of stuff, Thian!"
Thian smiled. “Right so, teens!”
Shivaa nodded to the angel. “Can you help us out here, Polly?”
Polly looked at Mic. He shook his bone skull in silence. She returned back and viewed each god and goddess teen. “I am sorry. We can’t interfere. You know the good versus evil thing.”
Is Chel nodded with a stern face, “Free Will.”
Balder sneered, “I hate that word.” When a roll of loud thunder rumbled within the cloudless sunny day.
Pele nodded. “Need I remind you here! We do not know who are mothers and fathers are. We were deprived with the biological parent information, as well as, a happy family life together which means Satan’s Grandmother could come after any one of us and our precious god or goddess blood proteins.”
Polly smiled. “I will take on your guardianship for ...”
“Polly!” Mic gasped in alarm when a roll of loud thunder rumbled within the cloudless sunny sky.
The elder woman stood upright from the recliner chair and stroked her necklace, nodding to Polly with a stern face. “I am Granny Hanover here. I am their god and goddess guardian here. Apollyon is not needed here.”
Polly slowly stood upright and nodded with a fake smile at the elder woman. “Very well, Granny Hanover! I will place all of the god and goddess teens in your two hands.”
“Thank you!” She nodded and continued to stroke her necklace.
Polly wiggled her hand and whipped out a small object, handing the object to Thian. Thian stood upright and moved ahead, accepting the object, studying it in silence. Polly smiled. “Here’s my business card with my email address. Text me anytime with your questions. I can ask questions too and seek the answers for each one of you during your dangerous journey.”
“Seek the road!” Thianne whispered.
Ares leaned over and smiled into her eardrum, “What did you say, Thianne?”
She shook her curls and faked a smile. “We’re supposed to seek the road. Isn't that right?”
Thian looked at his sister in puzzlement. “That vocal statement doesn’t make any sense to me, Thianne.”
Nikki jumped up from the chair with enthusiasm. “I’m help.”
“I’m harm!” Balder stood upright and cuddled Nikki into his chest, nodding to Polly.
Shivaa stood upright from her seat and sneered. “I vote to harm all of them.”
Thian spun around on top of the grass and away from Polly, nodding with a smile to each face. “Teens, we will vote. We live here in America …”
“... the land of the free...” Ares smiled.
“…and home of the brave...” Is Chel smiled.
“... and the fighting rebel gang of brave gods and goddesses...” Pele smiled.
Thian nodded. “Vote now!”
“I wanna help!” Is Chel smiled.
Shango laughed and rubbed his hands with an evil smirk, “Yeah, I wanna help and harm massive intense bloody body parts that ain’t growing back on all the evil things or characters or people too.”
Isis frowned with worry. “Help us, we, and all in-between.”
Balder laughed and rubbed his hands with an evil smile, “Harm them, they, and all in-between.”
“Okay! Raise up your one or both hands to help or harm all and everybody and everyone in-between.” Thian lifted up both of his arms in the air and gasped in alarm, not viewing on single hand, spinning around and smiled at the angel. “We all accept, Polly.”
“Okay! Raise one or both hands that we all are dead, shortly.” Ares shouted out loud and lifted his two hands with the rest of the teen gods and goddesses. Mic laughed with the rest of the archangels. Thian spun around and sneered at a troublemaker Ares. The other god and goddesses leaned over and whispered into each other's face with worry.
Then Polly and the row of archangels stood upright from the seat. She waved her hand with a nod in silence to each teen. All the furniture pieces disappeared from the grassy meadow. Then all the angels slowly ascended up into the skyline, then the clouds, and finally into outer space, going back into heaven disappearing from the Earth plane.
On top of the clean grassy meadow, standing on top of the pod of colorful wildflowers, Granny Hanover spun around and yelled out loud. "Follow me back home!" She led the pathway over the green meadows towards the school house building in silence.
Each teen slowly spun around with a worried brow and followed the back spine on Granny in silence.
"I wanna go to their home!" Lugh looked up and frowned at the row of pretty white tinted clouds.
"I wanna go and fight for my home!" Balder bounced up and down pumping both of his first in the air with numerous animal snorts.
"I wanna go to the bathroom!" Ares spun around with a stern face and swiftly raced ahead, passing Granny, moving back to the Windsor Farms. The other teens laughed and pointed at the back spine on Ares.


05:05 pm
School house building location
Classroom setting
Parted clouds with bright sunlight at sizzling temperatures


The school house building stood squat and wore four square shaped red tinted clay solid walls without a doorway or a glass window around several yards of matching red tinted clay dirt without a pod of colorful wildflowers or a manicured lawn of green grass.
Granny stomped over the flat red clay which used to serve as the front porch and magical moved through the entrance wall of solid dried mud and then stopped, standing several feet from the entrance wall.
The previous room environment with an opened oval-shaped football stadium on each one of the square shaped wall that exhibited rows of tall bleachers which displayed standing and yelling fans with movement and two marching bands with numerous musical instructions, all without sound had disappeared along with the ceiling that was decorated with bright sunlight, rolling white tinted cloud coverage within a pale blue sky that beams down on top of the grassy floor.
When all the teen gods and goddesses exited from the school house building, their individual or collection supernatural magic traveled with their physical body. Thus, the room became empty of magical furniture pieces, tools, and toys for the learning teens displaying four empty walls and a dried mud floor.
Granny Hanover waved her left hand in the air while stroking the necklace with her other hand with annoyance and frustration at the interruption from the early afternoon by the gang of nosy heavenly angels.
On each wall, a long wooden table appeared and displayed trays with food items and pails of cold beverages, stack of clean dishes and a container of eating utensils for the more civilized female goddesses, where each male god teen enjoyed using their naked fingers and their forearm as a cloth napkin to clean off a pair of food-stained lips. The kitchen crew had prepared the real food and stored the food items in a special spot inside the Windsor Farms house, where goddess Granny Hanover cold access without startling the hired human help.
She waved the hand again. A circular table appeared in the center of the room surrounded with plain wooden straight back chairs of each teen. Granny continued to stand and fume at Apollyon not eating with the gang of teens for the supper meal tonight or never.
“What are we going to do now?” Shivaa walked through the solid wall and frowned with worry at the empty room, seeing the new tables of food and beverages for the suppertime meal, moving ahead to the first table, stopping and collected an empty plate.
“Eat!” Ares moved from the wall corner on the rear of the room with a smile, rubbed his growling stomach for three plates of food, wearing a smile and then stopped, standing at the first table beside Shivaa.
Isis moved ahead into the room with worry. “What do we wait to do next?” She stopped and stood beside Ares, collecting an empty plate, scooting down each table and picked out her food item.
“Eat!” Ares continued to scoot down the line and selected each type of food item with a smile.
Is Chel entered the room and moved ahead to the first table, grabbing an empty plate, filling it with food also. “What do we plan next?”
“Eat!” Ares smiled.
Shango entered next with a smile and stood beside Is Chel, grabbing an empty plate, selecting each one of the food items. “She is Apollyon, the destroying angel from the upcoming and not broadcast Apocalypse event that will affect every single human, animal, insect, reptile, angel, demon, and alien.”
Lugh entered the room next and padded to the first food table, collecting an empty plate, grabbing each food item, “I feel honored. I just met Pestilence, War, Famine and Death …”
“… dressed as four bikers with an individual cool riding machine,” Mithras entered the room next while hearing each voice from every god and goddess teen, padding to the first table for a plate of food also.
Nikki entered next and moved to the first table, filling an empty plate with her food items. “The four horsemen are referred as the four spirits of the heavens and symbolize the agents of destruction or judgment.”
Kuan Yi entered the room and followed the rest of the teens, collecting food items for her hungry body, “What is the new teen god and goddess battle plan, Thian?”
Thian entered the room and followed Kuan Yi, filling an empty plate with food, “Stay alive and breathing!” He laughed with the other teens.
“Eat!” Ares stood at the last table and reached out, grabbing the entire silver cold pail with numerous cold beverages, not one. He was really thirsty also. He spun around with a smile and moved ahead to the dining room table, sitting down in the provided chair without using his magic.
Kuan Yi frowned and scooted down the line, grabbing each desirable food item on her plate, “I mean to ask. What is the new teen god and goddess plan for engaging and battling our new enemy, Satan's Grandmother, Shango?” She chuckled with the other teens, but Thian.
Thian leaned back from the second food table and stuck out his pink tinted tongue for fun at Kuan Yi, laughing with amusement, standing upright again. He continued to scoot down the table and fill his plate with more food items.
Shango continued to scoot down the table with laughter. “JANES, her own personal immortal, sexless, and painless army.”
“You mean our new painful unfriendly friends!” Is Chel continued to scoot down the table with laughter.
Balder continued to scoot down the table with a smile.  “Most military tactics are confined on a battlefield.”
“... or an open field or a plowed field without the farm crops without any hiding deep ditches.” Kuan Yi nodded.
“Right! This war plan is too rough for all the girls!” Mithras laughed.
“I was talking about Marcus, boy!” Kuan Yi laughed.
Pele nodded. “We should have a battle drill.”
Shivaa frowned. “Why, Pele?”
“We need to practice, Shivaa.” Pele smiled.
Thian frowned. “In the open plowed crop fields, where Mr. and Mrs. Windsor can see us practicing a set of military tactics utilizing militia weapons of magical purposes. I don’t think so, Shivaa.”
“Precisely, teens!” Granny Hanover continued to stand, listen, and watch each teen.
Nikki continued down each table and selected each food item, placing on top of her plate with worry. “Now, we have a set of new enemies, Granny.”
“Nonsense! You are too young and inexperienced for an enemy, devas and devis.” She frowned.
Isis sat down and picked at her food, staring at Granny Hanover with confusion, “You were there when the clowns attacked us, Granny.”
“Nonsense! Those clown things were following the gang of angels, not the group of teens.”
“We were all attacked there in the wildflower meadows, including, you, Granny.” Lugh spun around from the last table holding a plate of food and a single cold beverage, padding with a frown to the dining room table, struggling to sit in the tall chair.
“Nonsense! Those clown things attacked the gang of heavenly angels, not the group of teen gods and goddesses.” She frowned.
Mithras spun around with two plates of food and the entire pail of cold beverages, moving ahead, sitting down beside Lugh, “We are all in danger down here on the Earth plane, Granny.”
Granny continued to stand several feet from the entrance wall without a doorway and frowned at each teen, holding her bumblebee necklace, saying with a stern tone. “I am your supernatural protector here on the Earth plane. You will speak no more of this silly teenly conversation. I will cancel all the academic classes for the remaining late p.m. Then we will begin bright and early tomorrow a.m.”
“Marcus, go with Granny.” Shango turned and fingered Granny with laughter.
Ares looked up and frowned at Shango, “What! What in the hell for?”
He turned and winked at Ares. “Duties for your ...”
“I’m not in trouble, today, right now, this moment, Shango. Ain't that right, Granny?” Ares smiled at Granny.
Granny nodded with a stern face to Ares, “Devi Marcus has not contributed to any additional punishment duties this p.m.” Each teen released a utensil or a piece of food producing a set of claps, hoots, and whistles for Ares.
Ares frowned with confusion. “Thanks! I think.” He shook his bone skull and returned back down, eating his food.
Granny nodded. “Teens, you have been warned by me. You are not in danger here. After your supper meal, you can go into your private bedroom suite and play with your electronic toys and such. I am meeting with Mr. and Mrs. Windsor to discuss you and yours,” she slowly back stepped and stared at each teen with a smile.
Shivaa looked up and frowned at Granny, “Our and ours, what?” Granny disappeared into the dried mud wall. Shivaa shook her curls and wiped her mouth, waving both of her arms in the air, continuing to sit in her chair. “Follow me, teens!”
Dainichi looked up and frowned at Shivaa, “Who has died here making you the leader?”
“Follow her to where?” Lugh frowned.
“Thian did.” Shivaa waved her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger in the air. Beside each teen, a computer laptop appeared along with a tall stack of ancient smelly books. “We need to do our homework assignment.”
Mithras continued to chew and looked down at the items beside his elbow. “Why? What for?”
“We must perform our proper research for our new homework assignment.” Shivaa leaned over and started typing on the computer keyboard with a smile.
“We ain’t a litter of dogs.” Lugh frowned.
“We are a group of male gods,” Shango laughed.
“…and a pod of female goddesses.” Is Chel smiled.
Kuan Yi nodded with a smile, “I’m a diva.”
“I’m a pixie.” Nikki slapped her chest and laughed out loud, looking down at the new computer laptop while eating her plate of food in silence.
Shivaa continued to type and then stopped, reading the computer screen with the a page of new electronic information, “We are searching for the originals and the background and the particulars of Satan’s Grandmother, the grandmother of bad boy Satan.”
“Satan's Grandmother does not exist, ya'll. It is an ancient old Wild, Wild West cowboy or cowgirl vocal expression or a string of written words and not a true flesh, bone, and blood person. Ain't that right, Thian?” Ares turned and nodded with a stern face to Thian.
Thian swallowed the food and nodded with a stern face, “Well, I do believe Polly and Mic and the other archangels. They thought she was a true entity also.”
“You heard the string of vocal commands coming from Granny. She is our goddess protector. She is going to protect all of us.” Dainichi frowned at each face.
“Let’s surf for some pretty human girls!” Mithras turned and typed on the keyboard of his new computer.
Shango laughed. “Yeah, I wanna see the digital pic of a young thing with a head of light brown hair and eyes of...”
“No, Shango!” Pele finished her meal and turned looking down at the new computer laptop, wiping off her dirty hands on the cloth napkin.
“Geez! We need more clues here.” Lugh continued to eat with worry.
Balder continued to eat and stared down at the new silver tinted laptop without touching it, “You mean, we need more gods here. Geez!”
You mean, we need more smarter and stronger goddesses. Yeah!" Kuan Yi laughed and wiped off her dirty hands on the clean cloth napkin before touching the new computer laptop for the new assignment.
Thian swiftly stood upright from his chair and wiped his dirty mouth with the back of his hand, circling the table, bopping each set of hair roots on every god male. Ares was standing upright from his chair and dancing side to side while tapping on the keys on the computer keyboard creating errors and weird noises. Thianne continued to sit and giggled at her silly boyfriend.
Shivaa continued to type and yelled in annoyance. “Sit down, Marcus!”
“Ares!” Marcus continued to play the keyboard with the weird sounds.
“Airy what? Or is it a hairy what?” Shango laughed.
Ares looked up and stopped the noise, slapping his chest with a smile. “I prefer the name of Ares.”
Balder laughed. “Hairy what? Or is it airy whatever?”
Ares slapped his chest again with a nod, “Ares!”
“What part is hairy on Ares?” Is Chel turned and smiled at Ares. The other teens laughed but Ares.
Ares back stepped from the table edge and dashed ahead with a sneer to correct the teen god's behavior, “Shut up, Balder!”
Thian approached Ares and blocked the open footpad, shoving Ares from his body with a sneer. “Sit down, Marcus! Sit down, everyone else that is not sitting down already!” He laughed and moved back to his spot at the table, eating the dessert in silence.
Shivaa stopped typing and looked up to see each face, “I think we should start at the beginning with the Golden Age of Saturn.”
Lugh continued to sit and eat his food, “The beginning is in Book of Genesis, Chapter One, Verse One, moron.”
Kuan Yi nodded. “Shivaa is referring Greek poet Hesiod, who had divided the god encounters with the human race into five periods. First came the Golden Age of Saturn, the gods and goddess had lived with them in both peace and happy,” she wiggled her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger on her left hand in the air. Each upper wall morphed into a gigantic television monitor and displayed a field of workers gathering a crop underneath a pale blue sky of sunlight.
Nikki smiled. “We still do live in peace and joy.”
Dainichi turned and sneered at Nikki, “Don’t!”
“Do!” she turned and smiled at Dainichi.
Shivaa continued typing and shouting out the set of homework instructions for the gang of teens, “And that will be followed by the Silver Age of Jupiter.”
Thianne frowned. “What is that?”
Shivaa continued. “Then that will be followed by the Bronze Age of Neptune.”
“He’s your uncle, ain't that right, Balder?” Shango smiled at Balder.
Balder continued to eat and spat out his chewed food particles over his plate and the naked table, “Maybe! Could be? I gotta go and ask, pal.”
Shivaa continued. "Then that will be followed by the Heroic Age.”
Ares stood upright and slapped his chest with a nod, chewing the dessert food, “That’s me! I’m the hero of the age.”
“Are not?” Mithras laughed.
“Is so!” Ares smiled.
“No, way.” Balder frowned.
“Yes, way.” He nodded.
Is Chel frowned. “Geez, Marcus! You did not live that long ago back within the Heroic Age. Shivaa is referring to the time period of both human heroes and half-gods fighting at the battle of Troy from the poem Iliad.”
“O! I am too young for the Battle of Troy, but I am a hero within this age, the modern age,” he continued to stand and crossed his arms nodding with a smile to each face.
“Whatever!” Shango laughed.
“Sit down, Marcus!” Thian frowned. Ares sat down and ate the dessert food in silence.
Balder smiled. “You’re the Turd Man, ain't that right, Marcus?”
“No! Wrong-o on, Balder.” Ares frowned.
“Yeah! You're Turd Man of the Universe, ain't that right, Marcus?” Balder laughed with the other teens.
“Cool it, Balder!” Thian frowned.
Shivaa continued to type and shouted out loud with the next instruction to each teen, “And finally we will explore the last age, the Iron Age.”
Is Chel nodded. “Shivaa brings to the table a very good point…”
“... that point being…” Ares frowned.
“Shut up, Marcus!” Thian frowned.
“Ares!” He turned smiled at Thian.
“Shut up, Ares!” He sneered.
“Ares, the god of war!” Ares laughed.
Balder reached over with a smile and slapped Fabio on the arm. “Hey, Mithras! I’m feeling punchy today. Do you wanna join me for a round or two of blooding bad boy Ares?”
“Any time, war god!” Mithras turned and winked at Ares.
Ares swiftly stood upright from his seat and pumped both of his fists in the air. “Bring it on, Bold!”
“Sit down, Ares!” Thian frowned.
Ares tried to sit back down in the chair but landed his butthole almost down on the mud dried floor, after Balder had wiggled his big toe that accesses his god kinetic energy and then shifted the chair into the far wall and away from Ares. Ares jumped upright from the squat pose and lifted a few inches in the air, sneering at the teen god. “Fight, Balder! Six p.m. sharp in the plowed corn field behind the rows of horse barns, me and you, alone and only!”
“Sit down, Marcus! And hold your spit, Balder!” Thian turned and growled at the two disorderly teen gods.
Shivaa continued. “We must explore each one of the ancient historical periods of time trying to locate Satan and all of his other blood or non-blood relatives, starting with the past age …”
Nikki smiled. “I wanna go and visit the Middle Ages and then the Dark Ages ...”
“...and then the Prehistoric Age of dinosaurs,” Balder leaned over and giggled in the face on Nikki.
Shivaa looked up and frowned at Balder and Nikki, who giggled into each other's face with young god and goddess love, “Look! We are not going that far back through the historical time scale, ya'll.”
Thian swallowed the food and smiled at Shivaa. “We should explore the historical time periods within the Alexandria, Augustus, Feudalism, Hellenistic and Victorian ages.”
Shivaa smiled. “Wow! I’m impressed, Thian.”
“I’m not.” Ares muttered between bites of food.
Lugh frowned. “This is going to require hours of time …”
“... not my time..." Ares stood upright and held the hand on Thianne frowning at Shivaa. "I’m going to …”
“Sit down, Marcus!” Thian sneered at the love gesture of Ares with his sister Thianne.
Ares didn’t move but released her hand, rotating both of his folded fists in the air, sneering at Thian. “Before, you make me, pretty boy!”
Thian winked at Ares. “Before I, pretty boy, order Balder to make you ugly and bloody, war goddess,” he laughed with the other teens but Ares.
“Hey! I don’t have to play with the kiddies inside the swimming hole.” Ares dropped his arms and slapped his designer trousers with a sour frown.
Kuan Yi frowned. “Yes, you do! Yes, we all do. We are all at risk of dangerous and death here, Marcus. You heard the string of vocal words coming from the worried face on Polly.”
“I got a set of excellent god hearing.” Ares frowned.
Shivaa exhaled with annoyance at the teen god. “A great set of god powers to possess. Now, allow me to reiterate to each god and goddess and diva and divinity here! We are all in danger, hence our very existence here on the Earth plane and in the heavenly plane and within the galaxy cosmic. So, our common goal is trying to find the location of Satan’s Grandmother, before she comes here and finds us.”
Thianne stood upright and cuddled into Ares whispering into his eardrum. He smiled at her sweet words. Then both of them sat down and leaned over, whispering with each other. 
Pele nodded with a stern face. "Polly and Mic didn’t bother to mention which one of us were going to receive the golden ticket for the private blood party coming from Satan's Grandmother as she needs only one god or goddess eight pints of precious blood. Does any god or goddess have a clue or a hint or an inking?”
"I gotta go and tinkle. Is that like a inking here?" Ares stood upright from the chair with laughter and spun around with a smile, rapidly heading into the wall corner, wiggling his right hand and produced a human toilet for his biological functions. He disappeared into the tiny room and slammed the single metal door shut.
At the dining room table, “I do.” Shivaa nodded with a smile to each face.
Thian nodded with a smile as the true leader of the wolf pack, “Go ahead, Shivaa!”
Shivaa smiled. “During my free time, I have many hobbies, such like, dancing, reading …”
“Your point, girl!” Shango frowned.
“Behave, Shango!” Thian growled.
“And I also enjoy viewing all ancient and modern art galleries through my laptop computer, of course, with numerous hand drawings, oil paintings, and hand-made pottery. So, here, on my personal laptop computer, I have a collection of black and white and colored pictures from the time period, when our parents had been teenagers. Since each one of us does not possess a set of biological parents here. Our parents had lived a long time ago as a teenager but we cannot go and chat with them about their past history or our past baby history with them …”
“What is your other point, little girl?” Shango frowned.
“Hush, Shango!” Thianne frowned.
Shivaa exhaled with sad feelings regarding not seeing her biological parents and faked a bright smile. “So, here on my personal laptop computer, I have pinpointed some particular pieces of unique art work that might trace back the original of Satan’s Grandmother, the person, the goddess, the creature.”
“Excellent work, Shivaa! That's excellent work, Shivaa! Show us each one of these pieces of art on the wall screen, please,” Thian nodded with a smile.
“Here it comes!” She waved her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger activating her goddess magic at the screen on the laptop and then at the gigantic wall screen. The screen morphed into the first picture. “Now, this is the first of my special collection of art photographs from various human art galleries around the world. I have had the pleasure to admire privately inside my bedroom. Look at this one with interest and intrigue, ya'll!” Each teen turned and faced the rear wall screen, studying the picture.
Shango frowned. “Okay! That's an ancient Greek vase with a oil painting of Ajax. Ajax was a Troy warrior of stature and prowess. Within the drawing, Ajax is playing an ancient board game with Achilles, who was another might human warrior of Troy.”
Ares returned back into the common room from the bathroom and turned with a smile staring at the wall screen, standing against the side wall. “Naw! That oil painting has nothing to do with Satan's Grandmother. Any super great god or a mythical human hero is only part of a wordy, nerdy ancient poem.”
“Good point, war god!” Mithras nodded at the first digital picture with Ares.
Shivaa wiggled her two fingers on her left hand at the laptop and morphed a second picture on the screen. “Here it comes! This is a picture of Adonis, the god of great beauty within a painting by Veronese. The painting is entitled Venus and Adonis.”
Balder pointed at the screen and laughed out loud. “What in the heck are these two men doing to each other? Where is sexy goddess Venus in this picture? I don’t see her, only two men …”
“Her valid explanation here, this piece of human art work is linking an immortal god to a mortal female.” Thian frowned at the digital picture on the wall screen.
Lugh laughed at the wall screen. “O! That’s the point of the pic on the screen.”
Ares shook his bone skull at the wall screen. “The other missed point here, Adonis, a wimpy god of prettiness, was not involved in the civil war with the nasty race of gigantic Titans.”
Is Chel gasped in shock. “How do you know that information, Marcus?”
Shango laughed. “The war god reads.”
Ares turned and winked to Is Chel. “I read.”
He laughed. “Comic books.”
Ares smiled. “You can learn lots of vitally important stuff from a stack of colorful comic books...”
“…but not god and goddess stuff, Marcus,” Kuan Yi laughed.
Shango laughed. “Marcus means that he learns from the colorful pictures inside each colorful comic book.”
Ares smiled. “Hey! I like the pictures in the comic books. They’re colorful and bigger …”
“...girly with a set of the biggest t …”
“Shango!” Thianne gasped in shock.
“Back to this colorful picture book on the wall screen, before I come over there and color one of your eye sockets in dark black and pretty blue colors,” Leader Thian sneered at Shango and then at Ares, returning back to see the wall screen with fury.
At the table, Shivaa wiggled her two digits on her left hand at the computer screen and then morphed a third piece of art work on the wall screen. “This ancient drinking cup shows Aegisthus slain by Orestes.”
Kuan Yi shook her curls and frowned at a row of three digital pictures on the walls. “This is a good example of more human told myths and tales and bedroom fantasies, not a true god locator.”
Shivaa continued to morph each piece of ancient art work on the digital screen and explained the description. “Amphora with the pictures of Aphrodite and Dionysus.”
Marcus turned and laughed at Balder. “This digital art work picture means nothing, nothing to me, man. His drinking jug and Dionysus, the god of wine, ain't that right, Frances?”
“Right, Marcus!” Balder laughed with a nod at the digital picture.
Ares returned back with a smile and moved ahead with laughter, standing at the edge on the rear wall screen, pointing at the wall. “Hey! Did you notice that? The digital pictures of art is listed in alphabetic order staring with the letter of A for acanthus, Achilles, acropolis, Adonis, Aegisthus, Aeolian harp, Aeolus…” He reached out and touched the wall, activating his god powers, making the wall quickly sort through all the digital art pieces from the beginning of the alphabetic string and then stopped at one particular digital photograph that came from her internal computer database. “Hey! Look over here! This is the Ajax drawing art piece. So, what is at the end of her art database inside her personal laptop computer?” He reached out and touched the wall, swiftly flipping through each digital art work inside her computer laptop.
On top of the wooden table, her personal computer laptop beeped and then growled at the magical electronic invasion from the naughty teen god and his awesome god powers. Shivaa stared at the wall screen and nodded her bone skull. “I’m OCD.”
Ares turned and frowned at Shivaa, still holding his hand on the wall as each digital picture swiftly flew through the data files. “Are you really a cod fish? I thought you were a teen goddess,” he laughed with the other teens.
“No! I am not C.O.D.; I am O.C.D.” She laughed.
Balder turned and frowned at Shivaa. “Huh! What did you say, girl?”
She smiled. “Obsessive compulsive disorder is OCD. I count out a systematical, numerically subset and then arrange all the objects in a group and then alphabetize each digital binder like it is my personal hobby, but it is a human disorder.”
Thian continued to stare with a smile at the digital wall. “Shivaa and her OCD hobbies have stumbled upon a very good hint at finding the originals and the location of Satan’s Grandmother.”
She nodded with a smile and wiggled her two digits on her left hand at her computer screen. On the rear wall screen, the sequence of alphabetic digital pictures halted and then morphed into a blank red tinted wall again. Ares returned back to see the wall and jerked his hand from the material with a sour frown. “Hey! That stung! You bit my hand, Shivaa!"
"You need to keep both of your dirty hands to yourself and not on pretty things, like my sister, Marcus!" Thian laughed with the other teens but Thianne and Ares.
Shivaa laughed. "I agree too, Ares. The next art work is Aeolus …”
Nikki frowned at the new digital picture on the wall screen, “A what?”
Shivaa nodded with a smile at the wall screen, “A who, the god of winds, an ancestor of the Aeolian people. The people had lived within the Greek village of Aeolis.”
Is Chel nodded at the digital picture on the screen, “So, he could be a god, who might have played in the civil war with the race of Titans, but we don’t know all the gods or goddesses of that time period and where they stood in the civil war.”
Pele nodded. “How do you figure out which gods and goddesses did play nice with the Titans and which ones did play ugly against the Titans?”
Thian nodded at the wall screen. “I can’t guess an answer to that question. But, the Aeolians created the Aeolian harp which is a rectangular-shaped open-paneled musical instrument consisting of stretched strings of cat gut that sounded with musical notes when wind passes over the strings.”
“The harp had played a set of pretty music that flowed into the eardrums on each human. So what, Thian? What does that mean? What is your point here?” Isis frowned.
“Satan's Grandmother needs some type of source or music or dial or tool or instrument to find the correct hidden and mysterious cave that hold the race of Titans. Ain't that right?”
Mithras nodded. “I agree with Thian.”
Thian pointed at the picture on the wall screen. “This might be one of few sources which had been left over by the race of Titans. Or it is a tool that had been used by our parents which had aided Satan's Grandmother in accidentally accomplishing that impossible feat.”
Ares turned and frowned at Thian. “I thought Satan's Grandmother knew the secret location of Tartarus and the cave.”
Is Chel nodded. “Thian just told you that, Marcus. Satan’s grandmother does know the secret location of the Tartarus and the cave. We, the young and inexperienced teen gods and goddesses do not know the secret location of the Tartarus and the cave.”
Lugh smiled. “Ah! I understand now. So, we find the opening on the Titan cave with this ancient Aeolian harp device which ...”
“… will locate Satan’s Grandmother also and that will be the very deadly dangerous for all of us or one of us,” Isis frowned.
“Right, girl!” Shango nodded with a stern face.
Ares huffed. “Wrong, bro! I don’t like your suggestions, ideas, and new teenly plans, Thian.”
“This is a developing into a very good teenly plan, Thian.” Nikki nodded with a smile.
“This is good start, Thian.” Kuan Yi smiled.
Thian turned from the wall screen and nodded to each face. “Thanks! But we have a lot more work and research to do.”
Ares returned back with a smile and touched the wall screen, quickly flipping alphabetically through the rest of the digital art pictures inside the computer laptop that belonged to Shivaa, “Gimme the last page on the computer database! The page picture shows..."
“Zeus.” Balder continued to sit and laughed out loud.
He gasped in shock. “The the first picture with the letter Z is Zeus. How did you know that, Balder?” Ares stared at the picture on the wall screen with surprise.
Balder slapped his chest and nodded with a smile. “I’m the genius, here, today, Marcus.”
“Hey, king of the ding dongs! Zeus is the leader of all the gods and goddesses.” Lugh laughed out loud.
“Yeah! Right! Okay! I knew that. There’s another picture with the letter of Z. Someone guess it?” Ares smiled.
Is Chel frowned. “Go ahead and tell us, Ares!”
Ares smiled. “No! Guess it, smart goddess! Get it? Got it, smart goddess! I have substituted for one of the smart gods like me.”
“Ares is not a smart dog here, is he?” Lugh laughed.
He pointed at the digital picture on the wall screen, “Zither! The last picture with the letter Z is a zither. Do you see the zither? What’s a zither?” Ares turned and frowned at each face.
“Read the caption, smart god!” Kuan Yi laughed.
Ares turned back and frowned, scanning the words on the bottom of the digital picture on the wall screen, “Zither is a musical instrument constructed of a flat box with forty strings which is played horizontally with one or many fingertips.”
Pele nodded with a smile at the wall screen, “Zither is an ancient guitar and another Greek instrument.”
Mithras stood upright from the seat and tossed up both of his arms in the air, frowning at the digital picture on the wall screen, “Just great! I thought we had it figured all out here. Now, there are two individual ancient Greek musical instruments. Which one works for Satan's Grandmother?”
“Which one doesn’t work for Satan's Grandmother?” Lugh frowned at the digital picture on the wall screen.
Shivaa nodded with a worried brow, “Or do both of the two ancient Greek musical instruments work in the dirt, in the sea or in the sky?”
Nikki nodded with a smile. “My guess is lending towards the Aeolian harp.”
Isis nodded with a smile. “Don’t forget the Maya culture used rows of beach conch sea shells as numerous musical instruments that played nice musical notes with their individual lips.”
Shango turned and winked at Isis. “She got that right, ya'll!”
Thianne frowned. “Too bad! We couldn’t go and ask our folks.”
Thian nodded with a stern face at the wall screen. “Forget about the two newly discovered musical instruments! We are all smart set of supernatural creatures here. We have millions of years of supernatural DNA coming from a gang of powerful deities. So, we will work together and fit the puzzle piece together and stop Satan’s Grandmother and the nasty race of Titans, forever more.”
Isis had been typing on her new laptop computer during the presentation of the digital pictures and smiled. She tossed her arm and shouted out loud, "I found another clue!"
Ares turned and smiled at the young goddess. “Yeah! Let’s hear it, Is-Is!”
Balder sneered at Ares. “Her name is pronounced as Isis. I’m not warning you, again, Marcus.”
Isis wiggled her pinky finger on her left hand, activating her goddess power. Her selected digital picture replaced the zither with a new colorful photograph. Each teen turned and stared at the wall screen with intrigue. She narrated with a smile. “The detail of figures on this painting is entitled The Greek Gods which has been produced around 300 B.C. on a new and untouched Greek vase. The scene shows the gods fighting and defeating the nasty race of gigantic Titans. It reads around the vase as follows: Born from the blood of Uranus, father of the Titans is attacked by his children. Zeus strikes with a thunderbolt. Hercules kneels and aims his arrow. Athena spears with her shield and her weapon at the Titan female. There! I do believe this is the physical evidence proof that our parents had defeated their parents or our grandparents within the civil battle war.”
Pele nodded with worry, “This might be the beginning of a new civil war with our parents against our grandparents again, if we don’t stop this thing or that person or this battle.”
Balder moved ahead with puzzlement and stood in front of the wall screen, pointing at the object on the digital picture. “Do you recognize that, Pele?”
She turned and studied the object in the picture with confusion, “No! What is it?”
Balder tapped on the wall as the digital picture sorta wobbled sideways. “Aegis, this is the arm shield from the war god Ares which had been lent by him to his Greek sister Athena during the civil war with the race of gigantic Titans for her goddess protection.”
Ares gasped in shock and nodded with a smile at the picture on the wall screen, “Fascinating point!”
Lugh stood upright on top of the padded seat to see the entire digital picture with confusion, “I am missing your point here. What is your point, Balder?”
Shivaa stared at the shield within the digital picture with intrigue, “What do you think it means, Balder?”
“Beats me!” Balder stepped back with a stern face and stood on the side of the wall from the opposite side of Ares.
Thian stood upright from his chair and stared at the shield on the digital picture with a smile. “Any working god or goddess theories here, any one!”
“Anyone with a brain!” Kuan Yi continued to sit in her chair and laughed out loud.
“Mic had mentioned that Satan’s Grandmother is after some of us.” Isis nodded with worry and stared at the wall screen with the digital picture while studying the image in more detail.
Is Chel continued to sit and studied the wall screen. “That's correct. But we don’t know who or which teen god or goddess body she is after for her death kill.”
Shango turned and sneered at Is Chel. "Careful with your nasty death words, girl! There are baby gods and goddesses present inside this room." Is Chel laughed out loud.
Mithras moved ahead and stopped in the middle of the gigantic digital picture, tapping the object on the wall, “Hey, ya'll! I think we got our first lead towards finding Satan's Grandmother. This physical artifact shows three different Greek gods, who would have been on Satan’s top assassination hit list for their harm and destruction. Do you see the three gods? I see leader Zeus, warrior Athena and mighty half-god Hercules.”
“....and Ares…” Thianne gasped in shock and stood upright from her chair, turning to stare at her boyfriend Marcus. The other teens turned and stared at Marcus also in silence.
Ares gasped in shock at the four gods and spun around, seeing each face, slapping his chest. He shook his bone skull. “Hey! It’s my nickname that I had selected, for fun. I had picked out that nickname, for fun." He pointed at each one of the gods or goddesses, "I don’t know my biological daddy just like you, you, you, you, you, you …”
“Hush, Ares!” Shango laughed at the cowardly attitude on the teen god.
“That is a very good observation, Mithras!” Thian nodded to the digital picture in shock.
“Do you see this thing within the digital pic? On the anelace, there is an outline figure of the war god Ares.”
Ares spun back around and smiled. “That is an ancient Greek short, two-edged dagger with a broad tapering blade, so what? Everyone had carried one back then …”
Shivaa frowned. “Back then, when is the time period of back then, Ares?”
"And every god still carries one right now," Thianne charged ahead with a giggle and tackled Ares, dropping both of them down on the floor. She tickled his rib cage and opened his suit jacket, pulling out his silver tinted dagger, lifting in the air with a smile. "Does every pair of eyeballs see here? Ares, he still carries around his ancient anelace."
Thian gasped in shock and pointed down at his sister, "Get off of him, right now, Thianne! Stop acting like a lap dog, Sis!" He dashed ahead with a sour frown and stopped, snatching the anelace from her hand, studying the silver tinted metal. "Where did you get this ancient Greek anelace, Ares? The metal is rubbed and dented like the weapon had been really used in a battle fight."
Thianne continued to tickle the rib cage on Marcus as they both laughed with young love fun.
His white tinted sneaker slid over the smooth floor and then lifted up in the air, swiftly slamming back down at the outstretched arm on Marcus, missing the limb with a soft curse. "Get up, Thianne! You're embarrassing me in here."
Shango laughed. "Your lousy karate move is the embarrassment in here, Thian! You need to leave and go practice more of your better karate moves!" He laughed with the other teens.
Ares captured both of her wavering arms with laughter and wiggled his hand, jerking both of their grounded bodies into an upright position on top of the floor with his god powers.
At the wooden table, Isis sat on top of the seat on her kneecaps and gasped in shock, pointing at the god move from Ares. "Wow! Did you see that?"
"Yeah, I did! He stole my anelace," Ares reached over and grabbed his weapon from Thian, studying it with a smile, replacing back down into his suit jacket. "That's mine, not yours! My father gave it to me."
At the wooden table, Nikki sat at her kneecaps on top of her chair seat and shook her curls with a sad face while missing her parents, "No! Not right! I have never seen my parents."
Ares turned and viewed each face, "My mom and my dad saw me after the birthing moment. My dad wrapped his ancient war anelace inside my baby blanket for safekeeping. Then I was given away to my adoptive parents for that stupid god and goddess ritual fosterage thing," he hissed with sorrow and angry.
Mithras pointed at the digital picture with a serious tone. "This vase is depicting a gang of tall female Amazons fighting with half-god Hercules.”
Pele pointed at the picture with a smile. "Did your dad pose for that picture, Ares?"
"I do not know my parents. So, the answer is no," Ares sneered at Pele and returned back studying the picture on the wall screen with a sour frown in fury. "That is a scene with a bunch of tall female warriors on an ancient unbroken water jar. That's all! That's it! This water jar does not reveal the hidden location of Satan's Grandmother or the place called Tartarus or the hidden cave with the race of nasty Titans. So, let's move on!”
Mithras continued to tap on the wall and nodded with a stern face. “Shivaa has presented eight distinct pieces of art work from her massive art digital hobby collection inside her laptop computer. So far, the art work pieces have identified the following gods, goddesses, and heroes including Ajax, Achilles, Venus, Adonis, Aegisthus, Orestes, Amphora, Aphrodite, Dionysus...
"...and his jug," Lugh laughed.
"...Athena and Zeus. However, the two gods of Hercules and Ares have appeared twice within the pieces of ancient artifacts. I do believe this is a clue ..."
"...of evaluating ancient Greek and Roman and Chinese art work, that I do not do," Ares laughed.
Shivaa nodded with a smile. "Yes, I see that also. Mithras is right. I am following his visual pattern. Hercules had been displayed in one oil painting and on one ceramic jar, which is the mathematical number of two, twice.”
Thianne gasped in alarm, “And Ares is shown twice.”
Ares tossed both of his arms in the air and shook his bone skull, “Not right! Not there! I am not here in this picture!”
Shivaa smiled. “I meant to clarify to the other teens, not Marcus. The symbol with the true war god Ares is shown on the ancient anelace and on his shield weapon. Don’t you see the pattern? Her grandson Satan had left a set of exposed clues for his grandmother to find the marked god that is needed to unlock the hidden cave of Tartarus and released out the race of Titan inside each work of ancient art that had been produced by one or many humans throughout the history of time,” she pointed down at the laptop. "I have collected here digitally pieces of art consisting of hundreds of portraits, paintings, drawings, vases, amphora, sculptures, statutes, frescos, murals, weapons, cups, plates, coins and jewelry, including wordy poems, musical songs, brilliant plays and a copy of all the ancient physical building structures. So, each one of us can search for ancient masterpiece of literature, music, paintings, drawings, pottery artifacts, sculptures, and architecture for each one of the gods and goddesses.”
Isis frowned, “So, what do we do with all that information from all of the digital art stuff?”
She smiled. “We investigate each ancient art piece and become a private eye.”
Thian nodded. “Yes, I understand the concept, Shivaa. Thanks! You are brilliant. Look! I am working a theory here, so anyone jump in with more guesses. If we count up the number of items and tally the grand total number that corresponds to each god and goddess, then we can find out which teen god or goddess Satan’s Grandmother is looking for.”
“That’s your terrific guesstimate theory. I don’t like it, not at all.” Dainichi frowned.
Kuan Yi nodded. “I agree with our leader Thian. Her grandson Satan had left a trail of clues for her to find that tagged a teen god or goddess. Then we find her first and beat her body to the hidden cave in the hot spot of Tartarus and protect the closed gates from her hands.”
Nikki nodded with a smile. “Once we figure out which teen god or goddess she is looking, then we can hide that teen from her also.”
Dainichi laughed. “Are you kidding me? How do you hide a god or a goddess? Where do you hide a god or a goddess?” She continued to laugh and looked down, starting to eat her dessert with a smirk.
Balder nodded with a stern face. "Well, that's a bad plan. So, we can fight and defend ourselves with a better fighting plan.”
Pele frowned with worry. “How do we do that, Balder? We do not possess a god weapon.”
“Ugh! I don’t know an answer to your question, Pele.” He frowned.
Is Chel nodded to Shivaa, “Shivaa, what does your database computer tell say about the location of mysterious place called Tartarus?”
Shivaa leaned down and typed on the keyboard, hearing the beep, reading the screen to each teen “Below Uranus, Gaia, and Pontus is Tartarus, a deep, gloomy place of pits.”
Isis gasped in shock at the vague description, “Is that really the location of Tartarus?”
“Right!” Shivaa looked up and frowned at each face.
Mithras frowned. “Wrong! Well, I do believe that we have lots of homework on this topic.”
Kuan Yi nodded. “Or we will all receive the letter grade of F plus.”
Pele laughed. “Granny would be proud of us with the letter grade of F plus.”
Ares snorted, “No! Granny would be mad at me for the lack of knowledge," he slapped his chest with a nod.”
“You gods!” Kuan Yi fumed and tossed both of her arms in the air, dropping them back down, slapping the wooden table with a loud smack.
Shango turned and laughed at Kuan Yi. “Are your two annoying words an insult or a compliment for a teen Kuan Yi?”
“Kuan Yi is about to honor us with her renowned wisdom again.” Shivaa smiled.
“Is her annoying greeting a compliment, Balder?” Ares turned and winked at Balder. Ares didn’t like Kuan Yi. She always seemed to possess too much knowledge for a stupid teenager.
Balder presented a distorted face with a sneer at Kuan Yi. The Norse teen god had some spilled bad blood proteins with Kuan Yi. No one knew the story, but them. 
However, Ares wanted to find out the truth or lies.
Kuan Yi shouted. “You gods, if you can’t find the secret location of Tartarus, then, maybe, you can find the highest mountain peak on Mount Olympus?”
“Why would we want to do that, Kuan Yi?” Isis giggled with silliness.
Kuan Yi nodded. “Mount Olympus is a real tourist hot spot too but we do not know the location of that place either. When the beaten and bloody gods and goddesses left from the Earth, they took nice and knowledgeable Atlas with them. Each god and goddess know the Titan god Atlas still is the world’s biggest geographical navigation finder within the galaxy. The only Titan god to defect and protect his own children including his blood nieces and nephews. The Atlas had retreated with the other gods and goddesses into an unknown paradise, when Satan’s Grandmother showed up threatening to rule the world …”
“… and them too,” Thianne nodded with worry.
“… and us also,” Nikki nodded with concern.
Thian nodded with a stern face, “So, we gotta go and save the world with them and with us.”
Shango tossed both of his arms in the air with a smile, “Right on!” He dropped both of his arms down and slapped the wooden table surface with a loud smack.
Is Chel nodded. “I think that we are going to need some god and goddess help here.”
Kuan Yi frowned. “You gods, all of our people come from the blood line of the Titan race.”
“How do you know that, Kuan Yi?” Mithras frowned.
She nodded. “The blood lines include witches, warlocks, fairies, trolls, and all the other ones, who contain a tiny one ounce of pure Titan blood within their veins.”
Ares frowned. "That is an interesting working theory, diva!”
She shook her curls. “No theory there, bud! It is a fact. The race of Titans were the first species here on Planet Earth. They had not married and then bred over and over again producing a group of retarded Joe's and Jane's.”
Pele gasped in shock and frowned at the teen goddess. “That is a very unkind human statement, Kuan Yi!”
“As well as, the inhuman goddess Chun.” Shivaa glared at her friend Kuan Yi.
Kuan Yi nodded. “But it is all true. The average Jane and Joe are the two un-talents which are comprise the human race.”
“So, that goes your working theory there, babe.” Balder frowned.
Is Chel nodded. “The real theory here, Titan talent is passed down to generation after generation with powers coming from each god or goddess.”
Kuan Yi tossed both of her arms in the air and shook her curls. “You gods, you are so arrogant,” she dropped down both of her hands and slapped the hard surface with a loud smack.
Balder smiled. “You arrogant god would be Ares, the god of war. His true name is Marcus and believes that he is composed of two or three powerful Greek gods.”
“Shut up, Balder!” Ares snarled.
Is Chel smiled. “Humans are our cousins. Witches are our sisters. FREDS and GREGS are our...”
“… step things ...” Shango laughed.
“... ugly, smelly step things ...” Pele laughed.
Balder nodded. “I don't wanna admit it, but we are related to everyone that lives here on Planet Earth and maybe some visiting aliens. So, the race of Titans becomes their grand, grand, grand, grand, grand to the zillionth power grandparents to the witches, warlocks, fairies, trolls, FREDS, and GREGS.”
“Wow! That is some kind of Titan blood theory!” Isis nodded.
Shango smiled. “It's a fact, jack.”
“Whatever!” Ares frowned.
Nikki frowned. “Back to lost cave in mysterious Tartarus! Does another god or goddess have a new idea?”
Thian nodded with a smile, “A mythological city always starts with a myth.”
Is Chel nodded. “After we find the new pit...”
“Cave…” Mithras laughed.
“Gloomy place…” Shango laughed.
Dainichi laughed. “Good luck, teens!”
Is Chel smiled. “Then Ares gets to lead us there and through the gates, where we will all stop Satan's Grandmother from chipping down the tree.”
“That is complete streaming fresh patty of bull sh… bull frog crap.” Ares shook his bone skull and sneered at each teen. The other teens laughed but Thianne and Ares.
Thian rapped his knuckles on the table for attention and nodded with a stern face to each teen. “I want every girl and body to research their own particular pantheon in regards to the creation of gods and goddesses, the creation of man, and the beginning of time. This new information might hold one or more hidden clues or hints for us to investigate further and then hopeful reveal some answers toward our goal of staying in the existence of our one life form.”
Ares looked down at his set of clean fingernails and whined with complain, as usual. “You know, I got other things to do with my god time besides ...”
Pele smiled. “Ares, if Thian is correct, then you are one of the top three god teens that Satan’s Grandmother might be looking for and then she will destroy or terminate or end your teen god life form, before you can ever marry Thianne and live happily after ever, pal.”
He looked up and smiled at Pele. “That is your personal goddess theory, Pele, not mine.”
Shango laughed. “Top three gods, you mean to state he is the top dog. Woof! Woof!”
Is Chel laughed. “Satan's Grandmother is coming for your head of black glossy hair, Ares.”
“Cutting off his empty skull, doesn’t that kill Marcus?” Balder laughed.
Lugh voiced. “She doesn’t want your head, Ares. She wants cut off the …”
“Whoa there, little brother!" Thian turned and sneered at the teen god. "Lugh, we do not never, ever mention how to kill a god or a goddess by a vocal or written or electronic or mental method? Do you understand me?”
Lugh frowned. “Why not?”
Kuan Yi laughed. “Because it is god rule number two.”
“So, what is god rule number one? I do not know.”
Balder pointed at the rear skull on Marcus and laughed out loud, “Insulting Ares, always and all the time and every day and ever hour and every minute and every second of the day and night.”
Ares spun around and sneered at Balder. “You're funny, little man.”
Balder slapped his chest with a nod. “Yes, I am the man, a male god.”
Kuan Yi laughed. “Thian is right here. If teen god Ares is one of the three targeted teen gods, then you’re doomed man.”
Ares slapped his chest with a sour frown. “It is a Greek god nickname, people. Read my moving lips! Geez!”
Shango laughed. “You’re a real Greek, bro.”
“A geek, ya mean,” Mithras winked.
Ares slapped his chest again with a nod. “Well, I could really be a Greek prince, not a Greek god.”
Shango shook his bald mound with a sour frown, “Below par, bro!”
“Ares, please try to pay attention here.” Thian frowned.
Ares jabbed a finger at Balder with a sour frown, “Balder started it. Go and jump on his butthole, not mine, Thian!”
Nikki frowned at the massive new homework assignment that might save her goddess life, “How do we go about finding all of these thousands and hundreds of ancient Greek and Roman artifacts?”
Shivaa leaned down and patted the upright lid on her personal computer laptop, nodding with a smile to each teen, “I have all of the digital information of each known art piece here on my laptop. And I just have electronically shared it with each one of you on your new computer laptop. The world of the internet is state-of-modern-technology, where the entire digital world resides at the beat of our ten finger tips ..."
“Eight fingers for short man, Lugh!” Balder laughed.
“What!” Laugh frowned with confusion.
“He doesn't have a pair of thumbs!" He laughed.
“Yes, I do!”
Thian slapped the table surface with a nod and a smile. “We will work within the team concept. There are fourteen gods and goddesses, so a team of two mathematically sums perfectly,” he chuckled. “So, go and start your work, right now, and try to wrap up your new homework assignment, before midnight. Tomorrow afternoon, right after our academic sessions, we will share our new information.” Each teen spun around and chuckled with the team concept of pairing, swiftly grabbing a partner.
Isis pushed through the huddle of teens and slipped directly behind Thian, reaching out, touching the bicep on Thian. She giggled with a smile. “I think we will make a good team. Didn’t you think so, Thian?”
Thian spun around and gasped in shock, staring down at the petite goddess. “Uh! Yeah! Right. Isis.”
She bounced up and down with excitement and nodded to Thian, “Great! So, let’s go and work over there in the wall corner in peace and quiet.” Isis winked and spun around toting her laptop computer towards the wall corner. She wiggled her pinky finger that held her goddess powers and materialized a tiny metal table with two metal chairs for her new work partner.
Balder appeared and stood, leaning over and whispered down into the eardrum on Thian, staring at the back spine on Isis. “She is only fourteen years old, young.”
Thian sneered and stared at Isis. “Don’t lecture me, boy! Go and work with your new partner, slick.”
“She is fourteen years old going on eighteen years old, a woman,” he slowly chuckled to Thian.
“Let’s move to the side wall, princess,” Ares reached down and grabbed with her hand, spinning them around, shuffling towards the solid red tinted mud wall and away from the other teen couples.
“Are you asking me to dance at the ball, darling?” Thianne giggled with amusement and moved ahead towards the wall.
“Yeah, we can dance the night away. Let’s get this stupid thing done and then we can have so real fun, someplace else,” he chuckled.
She gasped in shock, “Don’t let Granny or my brother overhear your amusing comments! You’ll get extra punishment duties, Ares.”
“That one-thousand-year-old bat is sound asleep inside her warm bed mattress now,” he wiggled his hand and watched a tall pub table appear. A tall stool stood behind the table with two padded seats for each teen. He pointed down at the seat with a smile. “You type. I watch.”
She rolled her two eyeballs and slid down into the first seat, placing her new laptop computer on top of the hard surface. “I’m glad you have a plan.”
“Always, baby, I have a plan with you,” he slid down into the other seat and leaned into her cheekbone while watching her type, looking down at the computer screen.

At 11:58 pm with partial moonlight and scattered clouds in heated air, from the school house building, each teen exited the room and left the laptop but holding each report for the afternoon presentation searching for the myth of Tartarus and Satan's Grandmother.
Shivaa wiggled her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger, activating her goddess power, sending each laptop back into cyberspace.
Inside the lobby of the Windsor Farms, each teen nosily entered the lobby space and with the same volume of sound trucked up the staircase towards one of the separate floors.
Almost all of the teens moved onto the proper level and then slammed the private bedroom door shut into their private chamber.
Isis moved ahead into the lobby space with a smile and enjoyed the time with Thian working on their shared report for tomorrow afternoon, stopping in the middle of space, waiting on him to escort her up the steps.
“Is-it, life isn’t a tons of fun garden tea parties, holding someone hands and cuddling our teddy bears.” Kuan Yi appeared with a sneer and stood behind the back spine on Isis, watching the young couple inside the wall corner this evening.
Isis spun around and sneered at Kuan Yi, “My name is Isis. Or do you need a pair of new eardrums. Or do you require a pair of new goddess eyeballs?”
“Is your new boyfriend going to help you with these two violent tasks?”
“Thian would assist me with any dirty deed that needs doing. So, I would suggest you retire to your private abode while your face is still intact.”
Kuan Yi leaned over and growled into the face on Isis. “You are more than you seem, Is-it. So, I am watching you.”
Thian appeared and stood behind the back spine on Kuan Yi, leaning over her collar bone, whispering to back of the two goddesses. “Divas, go and get into your cold bed mattress. We don’t want to attract any more attention from the pair of sleeping Windsors.”
Isis viewed Thian and giggled with happiness. “I was waiting for you, Thian.”
He smiled at the young goddess, “Isis, I’m sorry to keep you up," he scooted around Kuan Yi with a smile and presented his arm. "Let’s proceed, should we?” He held out his hand for Isis. She took it with force and moved ahead with a smile stretching the length of his arm. He looked back over his collar bone at Kuan Yi. Isis posed in front of the first staircase wooden step. He spoke low with a sour frown at the rear skull on Kuan Yi. “Isis! I expect you to retain her fun goddess nickname inside your long-term memory banks for the rest of the time here,” he spun around and advanced to Isis. They slowly climbed each step and softly chatted and chuckled with happiness.
“Good night, Thian and Isis!” Kuan Yi called out and watched the couple with jealousy.


Thursday June 6th


01:55 pm
School House building location
Classroom setting
Parted clouds with dull sunlight at hot temperatures


After the final true school session and the delicious lunch meal, new goddess Rachel, who had assigned herself the goddess nickname of Isis, returned back to the school house room and magically walked through the solid wall with her goddess powers and a smile observing the four dried red tinted mud walls, where no other teen had changed the environment for a fun time. All the other teens were there sitting around another circular table of blonde wood, starting with leader Thian in the front of the classroom and continued to shuffle his laptop computer over the table with his personal report presentation. Rolling around the edge on the table beside Thian. Kruti, Is Chel, Pele, and Dainichi sat inside an individual blonde wooden but thickly padded chair. Ares and Thianne shared a chair with two thickly padded chairs together, alone and only. Kuan Yi, Lugh, Mithras, Nikki, Balder, and Shango shared the opposite side of the circular table while fiddling with a computer laptop with their individual report.
Isis moved ahead with a smile and toted her laptop. "Hey, ya'll! I finished my homework assignment. I found out some great info …”
“Hold on!" Thian held up his palm near his jaw line and nodded to each teen, sitting down with a smile, dropping both hands at the computer keyboard. "We will report one at a time regarding mythology beings, places, and symbols for the creation of gods, goddesses, and the world. Take a seat, Isis!” Isis stopped and slid inside an empty chair in-between Pele and Dainichi, placing her laptop on top of the hard surface, scanning each god and goddess in silence.
“Who goes first, Thian?” Pele frowned at the leader.
“Let's start up with the topic of the mythical places.”
Is Chel stood upright from her chair and bounced up and down on top of the floor while holding her laptop computer near her two breasts, “Me! I have a great report on mythical places. I wanna go first, please.”
He pointed with a smile to Is Chel. “All right! Stand there and voice your findings, Is Chel!”
Shango continued to sat and presented a sour frown to the goddess. “Summary your findings and sandbag the long classroom dissertation, please!”
Kuan Yi continued to sat and laughed with a nod at Is Chel. “Shango means two or less lines of vocal dialog, tops!”
Is Chel nodded with at smile and viewed each face. “Within Japanese mythology, the location of each god and goddess lives on the peak top on Mount Fuji, which is the tallest mountain within the country.”
Balder stood upright from his chair with a smile and then wrapped both of his arms around his body with the funny sound, “Brrr! That physical cold spot is too cold for my godly male body.”
Isis smiled. “The Ancient Greeks culture and the peoples believed all of their nice and nasty gang of gods and goddess all resided on Mount Olympus. That’s a mountain within northern Greece.”
Pele laughed. “Yeah! I, too, enjoy a warmer place like Greece, better than a colder spot like within the mountains of Japan.”
Dainichi nodded with laughter. “How about the spot of Hades? That place is really hot sizzling down there. The Ancient Greeks all also believed each soul from the dead body resided down there.”
Balder turned and sneered at Dainichi as he did not like her for some reason which was unknown to the other teens, “Live gods lived down there, not the dead ones, stupid!”
Lugh smiled. “The Norse peoples believed in the place of Hel which was an underground home of the dead, except all the warrior soldiers want to the place of Valhalla, a great dining and dancing hall in the skyline somewhere in-between the clouds and the outer space stars.”
Shivaa nodded. “The Eskimo peopled had believed the sea goddess Sedna lived underneath the ocean.”
Isis smiled. “The Nile River in the country of Egypt is the location of all the gods and goddesses too.”
Thian typed on the keyboard and recorded each different mythical place reading out loud his typed notes with a stern face to each teen. “So far, the hidden cave within the secret place of Tartarus could be located within the following geographical locations, the peaks of mountains, the cloudy sky, an underground pit, a flowing fresh water river. Does any other god or goddess have another location to add to my growing list of suspects?" Silence loomed in the air waves. He nodded with a stern face to each teen. "All right! The hidden location of Tartarus is still an unsolved puzzle. We are moving on to the next vocal topic of mythical symbols.”
Ares cuddled with his girl Thianne and smiled into her cheekbone without carrying a laptop computer or a sheet of notebook paper for his report, saying out loud. “The Ancient Greeks saw the solar sun in the daylight sky as a flaming chariot.”
Thian frowned at the teen god. “Can you explain that statement to us, Marcus?”
“Nope!” He softly chuckled out loud and snuggled with Thianne. Thian growled at the physical touch from Marcus on his biological twin sister.
Is Chel nodded to Thian, “The Ancient Egyptians represented the solar sun as a sailing boat.”
Mithras nodded to Thian, “Asclepius, the god of healing, had used the serpent as a symbol of health.”
Shango nodded to Thian. “God and goddess leader Zeus had used his big and bright and fast lightning bolt as a weapon to whip the humans into shape or kill another nasty or revengeful god or goddess.”
Shivaa smiled to Thian, “War-like sky god Indra within the country of India also utilized a series of brighter and faster lightning bolts on each one of his enemies too.”
“No cigar there!” Balder frowned.
Shango laughed. “Aw, Balder! Do you smoke that nasty thing, man?”
“Just a famous quote, dude!” He frowned.
Thian exhaled with annoyance at the silly two teen gods. “All right! We are moving onto the new topic of mythical beings.”
Kuan Yu nodded with a smile. “The Ancient Egyptian mythology believed in nine gods starting with Atum…”
“Bless you my child!” Ares softly chuckled and folded both of his arms, bowing his chin down to Kuan Yi.
She turned and frowned at Ares. “Atum is the god of the setting sun. Shu is the god of air. Tefnut is the goddess of dew. Geb is the earth god. Nut is the sky goddess. Osiris is the god of the afterlife. Isis is the goddess of fertility. Nephthys is the god of blessing. Horus is the god of protection.”
Lugh smiled. “The Ancient Norse people who were known as the medieval Scandinavia had believed the god Thor had made thunder and lightning by throwing down his famous steel-plated hammer at each one of his enemies.”
Mithras laughed with a nod. “Don’t give Balder any iron made instruments, please!”
“I’m not amused, bro.” Balder turned and sneered at Mithras.
Thian turned and sneered at Marcus, who continued to touch and whisper into the eardrum on his twin sister Thianne, “Ares, you're next with your mythical being. What is it?”
Marcus reached over and grabbed a single sheet of white tinted notebook paper and sat upright from Thianne, slowly standing upright from the shared bench seat, clearing his throat. He rattled the paper for fun and spoke in a deep baritone. “Deities, which are known as gods and goddesses, protected their native citizens, only if each native citizen had sacrificed a newborn baby for the deity blood offering by slicing off the ...”
“Wrong, bro!” Balder laughed out loud and shook his bone skull with the other teens.
Marcus frowned and pointed down to the paper. “Yeah! Right, bro! I copied it word-for-word from the electronic article on the internet last night during our god and goddess homework assignments.”
“Do you actually admit in participating with plagiarism, Ares?” Pele laughed.
Ares turned and frowned at Pele, “Hey! This ain’t a school session. You don’t wear peaches on your dress. Shut it, Pele!”
Kuan Yi laughed. “Granny’s fabric dresses are covered in red tinted apples, not orange tinted peaches.”
“Shut it, Kuan Yi!” Ares growled at the other teen goddess.
Thianne swiftly stood upright from the shared bench seat beside Ares and smiled at each teen, holding a sheet of notebook paper. “I actually hold the Greek mythology report here, where I had helped compose with my boyfriend Ares.”
Thian shook both of his hands and his bone skull at his sister, "Don't! Don't announce that information in public and out loud, Sis!"
Ares leaned over and cuddled Thianne, winking at Thian. “My true love!”
Thian stood upright with a sneer and dropped both of his hands slapping the hard surface. “Sit down, Marcus!”
“Ares.” Marcus continued to cuddle with Thianne and smiled at Thian, for fun entertainment.
“Shut up and sit down, right now, Ares!” He jabbed a finger with a growl at the shared bench seat with his sister Thianne.
Thianne smiled at each teen. “The most important item from this summary report which had been written by me and Ares, uncovered an interesting item ...”
“Besides me!” Ares reached over and touched her hair, quickly releasing the blonde strands, before her twin brother reacted violently on his body.
“Besides the god of war, the Ancient Greeks had believed the gods and goddess could foretell each future event. So, each native citizen would crowd inside one of the numerous temple shrines and then consult with a human priest or priestess which was called an oracle. The most important oracle was present within the city of Delphi.”
Is Chel nodded with a smile. “During one of our numerous break-out sessions with Granny, we had visited the oracle from the city of Delphi too. Should go back into that break out session and revisit the oracle from Delphi again?”
Mithras waved his hand with a frown, “No need! That was part of the school session classroom time and a complete coincidence of the break-out session.”
Is Chel frowned. “I think not!"
Pele nodded. “What else is written on your single sheet of paper, Thianne?”
“Each ancient and dead god and goddess had resembled a human,” Thianne smiled to each teen.
Lugh waved his hand with a sour frown. “Well, of course, each god or goddess looked like a human male or female. Each one of us and each set of parents is living proof, except, of course, for the set of immortality and supernatural powers.”
Isis frowned. “Are we really an immortal creature that lives here on Planet Earth?”
Ares laughed. “No!”
Shango buzzed his lips and then frowned at Ares. “How in the fudge do you know that information, Ares?”
“I know.” He smiled.
Is Chel frowned at Ares, “I do not know, Ares. So, explain to me and all the other teens here.”
Ares slapped his chest with a grin. “Our heavenly Father told me the information.”
Shango frowned, “When did our heavenly Father tell you all of that information?”
He turned and winked at Thianne. “From my nightly heavenly prayers, when I sleep soundly at night, all alone and lonely inside my lonely room.”
Thian stood upright from the chair with fury and jabbed a finger with a sneer at Marcus. “Shut up, Ares, and listen to your report!” He continued to stand with worry and annoyance at the teen god who continued to touch his sister.
Thianne smiled. “Each ancient god and goddess showed or displayed a set of human emotions too, such as, love, hate and angry. The chief god was Zeus, who was king and his wife Hera, who was the queen. Aphrodite was goddess of love. Apollo was god of sun. Athena was goddess of wisdom. Ares was god of war.” Each teen turned and winked at teen god Marcus.
“Geez! I picked out a fun ancient god nickname.” Ares moaned with a frown.
Pele nodded with a smile. “All right! Thian is too mad to think her. So, I will think here. I think we need to analyze all of the data that has been collected so far. Everyone zap to me your electronic files or give to me your pieces of notebook paper, Ares.”
“Yes, I would like to analyze here first. Let’s eat some food. I’m hungry.” Balder stood upright from the seat and spun around with a smile, advancing to the side wall with a new table of food that had been stored by the house staff for the mid-day meal. Granny Hanover had Popped! the food table from the house into the school building room for the god and goddess teens.
At the head of the table, Thian continued to sit and typed on the computer all the notes from the mystical project meeting. “All right! We'll break for a few minutes. Everyone, grab a plate of food and come back to the table for further discussion." The other teens shuffled to the food table and took a turn grabbing a plate of food returning back to the same seat with their laptop of information. Thian retrieved a plate of food and sat back down, eating some of the food and then chewed on the food. He scanned his notes and swallowed the food. "Which single ancient picture from a god or goddess is leading the popular contest among the thousands of ancient art works, ya'll?”
Kruti swallowed the food and nodded with a smile at Thian, “Goddess Shivaa has twenty-one individual ancient god and goddess artifacts.”
Pele swallowed the food and nodded with a grin to Thian, “Leader of all the ancient god and goddess Zeus has been noted on thirty-nine pieces among of the ancient art works.”
Shango sipped the cold beverage and smiled at Thian, “Half-god and half-human Hercules has been eye-witnessed by me on forty-one items which was caught the interest for Satan’s Grandmother.”
Is Chel smiled. “Athena, the goddess of war is shown on forty-three items."
Thianne swallowed the food and smiled at each teen. "And may I have the trumpets playing please! Ares is displayed on fifty-six individual ancient art work items, so far.” Each teen turned and stared at Marcus.
Ares gasped in shock and spat out his chewed food particles in the air, across his plate, and over the hard surface table, waving his hand in the air with fury, “Forget ya’ll!” He dropped his hand and looked down, eating his food.
Shango laughed and spat out his chewed food particles in the air, across his plate, and over the hard surface table, “O! The number one fugitive of evil.” He swallowed the remaining food items inside his mouth, laughing again.
He swallowed the food and then frowned. “Shut up, Shango!” Ares ate the food.
“No! Ares is the good guy! We are both the good gals and guys.” Nikki smiled and then ate the food.
“Correction! Ares is the number one fugitive of good.” Balder snickered.
Ares frowned, “Shut up, Balder!” He ate the food.
Isis smiled. “I’m surprised here. I would have thought the ancient god name of Apollo would be leading the gang of male gods, not the battle god of war.”
Ares laughed. “Apollo is the god of light, music, poetry, and wimpy stuff. Who wants to admire a wimpy god? Not, I!” He laughed with some of the other teens.
Mithras nodded with a stern face. “In this case, I admit that I agree with Ares. The war and battle themes have always raised up the group of valor and braver warrior ancient gods into in the Hollywood limelight rather than a god or a goddess of sappy peace and love.”
Shango smiled. “Right, bro!”
Thian nodded. “The next step is to find the location of the hidden cave that resides within the hidden place called Tartarus.”
Kuan Yi wiped her dirty mouth and nodded to each teen, “I’ll be thinking about that. We should inspect the popular art pieces with only Hercules, Athena. and Ares.” Each teen turned and stared at Marcus.
On the opposite end of the table, Ares looked up and licked his food-stained lips, shaking his bone skull, “That’s it! I’m changing my god nickname into God Apollo starting right now, right here, this moment Now, I am Apollo.”
Pele laughed, “Too late, Ares!”
“Sit down, Ares!” Shango frowned.
Thian wiped his hands and typed on the keyboard, staring at the computer screen. “All right@ Everyone, listen to me! The first ancient art piece for a god or a goddess to inspect is the…the...”
Is Chel nodded with a smile to Thian, “I vote here that we go and inspect each selected or assigned ancient god or goddess artifact in a team format. A team would be more effectively method for faster results.”
He smiled. “Okay! Who wants to inspect the …?”
Ares wiped off his mouth and both of his hands, swiftly standing upright from the shared bench seat, leaning down and grabbed the hand on his girl Thianne. She stood and cuddled with Ares with a smile. He nodded to Thian with a grin, “The princess and I will take Paris by storm,” he laughed.
Thianne smiled. “Ares means that we will take The Greek Gods ancient art piece which is located at the Louvre Art Gallery in the city of Paris within the country of France.”
“Right, princess!” He nodded.
Shango flipped his hand in the air with laughter, “Yeah! Yeah! Go, man and woman!” Thian stared and sneered at Ares with his sister.
Pele laughed at the silly confrontation with Thian against Ares. “Who wants to go to …?”
At 03:03:01 pm, on top of the schoolhouse floor, teen god Ares leaned over with a smile and touched the cheekbone on his girlfriend Thianne with his warm breath, snapping his fingers on his right hand and performed a magical god pop. Then, they both disappeared from the school house building interior room into the air waves.


Two seconds later...


City of Paris within country of France
Louvre Art Gallery
Sub-basement location

Dull moonlight and parted clouds at 60° Fahrenheit
03:03:03 pm


Thianne landed down on top of the dirty floor inside dull light and then slowly circled around an enclosed dark damp room with both of her hands on her two hips while frowning with puzzlement.
Ares had performed a magical pop and did not land both of them down on top of the clean floor inside the Louvre art gallery, where she and Ares would inspect the Ancient Greek artifact vase behind the glass display.
She frowned. “Where are we located at, Ares?”
“We are standing inside the sub-sub-basement level underneath the eight-mile long galley floor which is located above our hair roots.” Ares quickly scanned the small enclosed room with a glass window that displayed the sunlight and then spun around, moving ahead towards the closed door and then stopped with a smile. He reached out and pulled on the door handle that was locked for artifact security, spinning around with a smile, dashing ahead with a soft chuckle.
She continued to stand in place and scanned the enclosed room without a glass window of sunlight but semi-dark artificial light inside a damp room. “And what is the object that is so important down here to inspect with my eyeballs? May I ask with annoyance, Ares!”
“Only you and me!” He collided into her back spine and spun Thianne around to face his smile, pressing his body into hers with soft laughter. They slowly scooted backwards. She stopped into a glass display with a solitaire granite status.
She gasped in shock and then smirked with a wicked grin. “O! I am now alone with Ares.”
“You are the only one who voices my name with all of your true emotional passion.”
She smiled with a wink. “The war god is a big, bad, bold bronze deity of the universe.” Thianne touched his shirt and ran her two hands up the fabric stopping at his jaw line on his heart shaped handsome face.
He exhaled with a series of heavy breaths in lust. “I have waited three long years for this moment ...”
“… to be with you,” she smiled.
They had been delivered at the Windsor Farms on the same day, at the same time as a pair of fourteen-year-old teenagers underneath the protection of Windsor couple and the introduction of Granny Hanover, the god and goddess teenager academic monitor with magical lessons.
Thianne had been accompanied by her biological twin brother Thian. She had been a tall and awkward girl with a head of matted long, silver tinted hair, a pair of matching gray tinted eyes, and a little shy girly behavior, since her older brother had stolen the limelight with his constant attention from all the adults, all the time.
Marcus had arrived from city of Athens within the US State of Georgia, not within the country of Greece and carried one black tinted cloth bag that had been filled with numerous game musical, game, and Hollywood movie films. He had forgotten his personal clothes.
Middle-aged Mr. Windsor and Marcus had to go store shopping that afternoon for a pair of sleeping pajamas to wear in bed. The teen male was tall, dark ,and mysterious, not an outgoing teenager male like Thian.
Marcus had enjoyed observing his personal environment before jumping into an act or action. He had been taught by his set of Greek adoptive family members.
Once he had been accepted there at the farm with his two new playmates, Marcus had easily adapted to the American way and lifestyle, quickly becoming an arrogant, boisterous, and loud-mouth teenager that loved all types of louder rock and roll musical songs, where he had loved to sing and hum all the time.
The next day, Balder had come from the US State of Utah and joined the growing group of teens. Shivaa had come from the US State of California and Is Chel had come from the US State of New Mexico. By the end of the week, Windsor Farms had housed all of the leftover baby god and goddess coming from all parts of the USA.
The common factor shared by each teen. Each teen had been birthed by one divine heavenly entity and a mortal parent, in which, both of the parents had been unknown, unreachable, and unavailable. Each baby deity had been adopted by a pair of special people who had been entrusted with the security and secret of the baby god or goddess for the rest of their living days. The adoptive unit had provided food, clothing, shelter, education, love and entertainment for each god or goddess child.
Until that tragic day, the adopted parents for both twins Thianne and Thian had been accidentally killed in an explosion bomb coming from the broken pipe line there at the local gas company, where they had been employed as a company manager.
Both fourteen-year-old twins Thianne and Thian had been loaded into the same automobile and driven up a secret passage into Sand Mountain, which was located at the southern foothill of the Appalachian plateau and right above the metro city Birmingham, within the US State of Alabama.
Life had changed drastically in a split second but it also had provided a calm wave on a pond lake.
Mr. and Mrs. Windsor was an older and mature couple, without their own biological children, who had accepted both twins and teenager Marcus along with the other un-natural creatures into their personal residential home. Once each teen turned eighteen years old of age, each teenage will leave the Winsor Manor and fly off the farmland on their own into the hard, tough world of both mortals and men.
Instant affection had blinded both goddess teen Thianne and god teen Marcus on the first day of salutations. The two teens had dreamed of escaping the boundaries of farm and the wondering eyes of Granny Hanover.
During periods of fun entertainment from training and schooling, when Marcus was not getting some type of nasty punishment duty from Granny Hanover, Thianne and he would spend their time talking, chatting, and planning their lives together, starting at the age of eighteen years old. Then they would marry, get a working job and have a dozen kids, a gang of little baby gods and goddesses to fuss over.
This was the first step with their eternal plans while getting acquainted like a true teenager couple here within America.
Inside the enclosed square shaped without a glass window, Ares smiled into her face. “Practice makes perfect.” He dropped both of his hand down onto her small waist and then shifted his hands back up touching her soft cheekbones. Her pair of diamond colored irises danced into his eyeballs.
“Perfection takes practice.” She reached up and placed both of her hands around his neck muscles. He slowly eased down towards her parted lips. She closed both of her eyelashes and as her body experienced a new emotional sensation building inside her heated teenly body.
His pair of turquoise eyeballs caught a glimmer from the display window. “What in the fudge?” Ares released her face with a gasp and scooted around her upright body, moving ahead, standing in front of a new window display.
Her limp head and relaxed upright body banged against the first glass display and as she shouted out loud with angry. “Ares!”
He continued to stand in front of the solo status that leaned against the rear wall inside the square shaped tiny room, pointing at the object inside the glass with a smile. “Come over and look at this thing! Isn’t this thing strange, Thianne?”
She scooted around the glass display and stood beside the tall object, staring at the back spine on Ares, sneering at his upright body. She had never been so close for the first time in her life to a sweet kiss. “Turn around and look at me, Ares! Me! I am standing right here, not over there.”
He snapped his fingers with a chuckle and performed a magical pop, disappearing off the floor, entering the interior square walls inside the glass display without an ounce of oxygen. But Ares was a teen god with god powers and didn’t need to breathe in air all the time. He shouted out loud to Thianne, where her goddess eardrums picked up his words. “Come over here and check out this thing, Thianne! This thing is so cool!” He softly chuckled.
She did not move but growled down within her throat at him. “It is cold, not cool in here. I must tell!” Her eyeballs shifted and studied the granite statue inside the glass display which glowed in pink hue which was a known earth mineral here within the dirt in Alabama. Granite was a common earth mineral, as a matter of fact.
The granite statue figure represented a man, not a female and wore a modern tailored business suit in dark purple, displaying a pair of Ray Ban designer brand black tinted sunglasses over the sculptured pinked tinted face. An Oris designer brand golden tinted wrist watch rested on the left arm on the statue. And a pair of diamond studs closed the arm cuffs on the lavender colored dress shirt of each extended pink tinted arm. On the same arm with the wrist watch, a new mobile telephone in silver tinted rested in a cupped granite hand.
Inside the glass display, he continued to stand in front of the statue, “Dig this! The statue is a male, like me.” Ares smiled and reached out touching the granite statue.
Outside the glass display, she did not move but studied the status while talking out loud to Ares, who could hear with his god powers, “The granite statue does not appear like an ancient artifact from world history to me, Ares.”
“The statue in pink hue is an ancient Greek.” He smiled.
She frowned. “How do you know that? You cannot possible tell that by its pink appearance.”
“The sign on the bottom of the statue on the hard floor reads: Ares, the god of war.” He chuckled with a nod, “This is me.”
She rolled her eyeballs and looked back at the statue, slowly moving ahead and then stopped, standing directly in front of the glass display. The glass window was thin glass which could be broken with her goddess power fist. She frowned at the pink dummy. “The pink dummy is an advertisement stand for its new clothing and accessories, Ares. Now, get outta of the glass coffin, before you get hurt or before I hurt you,” she growled.
He flipped his hand and studied the clothes. “No! Not yet, Thianne! I like this business suit. Cool threads! I would look great in hue of deep purple.” He touched the fabric and nodded with a smile.
She exhaled with annoyance, “Ares, come out and buy one, after when we got back to the farm.”
“The pair of dark sunglasses are so-so. But look and survey the cool digits on its wrist.”
She growled. “Ares, come out and buy both of them after we get back home. Come out, right now, Ares! Or I’m performing a popping back to the farm right now without you!”
He continued to touch the suit and the wrist watch with a smile. “Wait, Thianne! Please don’t leave me. I’ll go and get outta of the glass case.”
“Now, Ares!” She gasped in shock. “What are doing in there?”
He touched the wrist watch with both of his hands and felt puzzlement, “Just a sec! I wanna examine the new electronic gear. I’m registering heat in here.”
“Heat! Where is the heat coming from?” She growled. “Because, it is ice cold and icy icicles out here like my cold heart.”
“I can hear you, dear! Hold on, Thianne!” He reached up and touched the pair of sunglasses with a smile, slipping them off the dummy, covering both of his eyeballs. He looked down through the dark lenses on the sunglasses and reached the wrist watch, clicking the item over his arms, snatching the new mobile telephone from the dummy with soft laughter. Ares spun around and posed with a smile to Thianne, for fun.
“Out, Ares!” She sneered.
“How do I look?” He bounced up and down with thrills inside the glass display case with his new stolen discoveries.
“Really cool! Now, get out right now and come back in here with me, Ares!” She puffed with annoyance at the stupid statue inside the glass display which was interfering with her first passion love moment with her man and away from her spying brother Thian.
“The cool one! That's my new god nickname.” He stroked the new clothing and equipment with one of his free hands, nodding with a smile to Thianne. “These new gadgets are so fine. Do you think I can take them without anyone noticing, Thianne?”
She stomped both of her high heeled sandals in angry and shouted out loud at Ares, spinning around from the glass display. “I am counting to three, Ares. One...”
“Wait! Thianne! Don’t leave me here! Lemme put these things back on the pink dummy.” He reached up and tugged on pair of dark sunglasses across his naked face and then groaned out loud with worry. “Ah! Stuck!”
She spun back around with a gasp and frowned at Ares, who was still sealed inside the glass window display and wore the pair of sunglasses, the silver tinted wrist watch, and the mobile telephone. “What's wrong, Ares? What are you saying to me? I don't understand. Something is wrong in here.” Both of her naked arms shivered with rows of raised goose bumps and as she screamed in fear. “Get out of there, Ares, right now! Get out!"
“Ah! The pain! I can’t see any objects. The shades are blinding my two naked eyeballs.” He screamed in pain and grabbed his naked face with worry without removing the sunglasses.
“Pop out, Ares!” She danced side to side and shouted out loud with worry.
“I can’t move! Pain! Ah!” He continued to grab at the sunglasses over his naked face without removing the item. His naked face started to turn red hue from yelling out loud and experienced sizzling heat from the sunglasses over his two naked eyeballs.
“What is happening to you? Please, tell me!”
“I can’t see. Ah! My arm is in pain. Ah!” He stumbled downwards and landed down on his kneecaps, shaking his head while trying to fling the sunglasses off his face, without any luck. Holding his arm over his chest in painful heat coming from the watch clipped around his wrist.
Ares tried to toss the stolen mobile telephone from his cupped naked palm down onto the floor and waved his arm in the arm, without luck, either. The metal object had bonded onto his naked skin and was generating intense heat to the point of gathered wet tears forming within each one of his blinded eyes. “Ah!” He screamed out loud. “Help me!”
“Hold there! I’ll go and get help.” She spun around with worry and raced towards the closed door, jerking on the handle. The door had been locked and sealed by god powers from Ares. He had used his god kinesis bonding power and glued the door inside the metal frames.
The number one god or goddess rule, another god or goddess cannot break another god’s magic.
She yelled out loud with annoyance and worry. “Frick! Frack! Do something else, Thianne!” Thianne spun around and viewed Ares inside the glass display. He was kneeling down on the floor and wiggled side to side in pain still holding onto each one of the metal objects like the metal was attached to his living limbs. 
He screamed in pain. “Ah! Stop it! Pain! Heat! Burning!”
Outside the glass display case on top of the floor, Thianne ran back to the glass display and then stopped, gasping in worry for her love, shouting out loud with a smile. “I know. I know. Yeah, I’ll break the glass. Move back from the glass! Get clear from the glass, Ares!” She lifted both of her arms and held them parallel to the hard floor, twirling the air currents and then slammed into the glass. Each invisible air current bounced off the solid clear window without breaking the glass. She gasped in puzzlement. “What in the fudge?”
Inside the glass display case, an invisible push shoved his rear skull and back spine against the rear concrete wall. A new pain bombarded his back spine which couldn’t even offset the blinding pain within his two eyeballs and the sizzling burn on his arm from the wrist watch and his cupped hand with the glued mobile telephone.
Another invisible power shift twirled the air currents around inside the display case. The pair of sunglasses started to shake and shimmer with bright light. Then Ares could see each object again.
He viewed the ceiling of artificial overhead lights that were reflecting down on top of the polished floor inside the glass display case and then looked down, seeing the ceiling lights inside the sub-basement tiny room. Ares was relieved that he wasn’t blinded.
However, something else was happening.
The pair of sunglasses started to grow and then expand in both size and shape, encompassing his bone skull.
Not good!
Ares still couldn’t use his one hand which was connected to the same arm with the glued mobile telephone inside his cupped palm. The wrist watch started to grow in weight, size and heat around his entire arm.
“Ares!” She saw the movement from the three items and shouted out loud with worry.
His back spine hit the concrete wall and then disappeared behind the massive granite statue.
She reached out and slapped the glass with both of her hands and arms creating a series of ugly blue tinted bruises on her upright body, but the solid glass circular wall would not shatter from her awesome goddess power. Thianne realized the glass was an armor plate of some type and maybe even with an array of bullet proof materials in which she could not break with her goddess powers. So, she needed another tool which was the tall granite statute.
Ares felt the stretch and then pull and then a set of deep metal sounds that were re-shaping each one of the three metal items around his bone skull and his one arm with the same cupped hand palm, all at the same moment. His two naked eyeballs through the morphed pair of sunglasses could see that the golden wrist watch metals swiftly formed into a large, round-shaped plate in front of his wrist bone which was secured with an array of encircled matching golden tinted metal bands around his forearm. The sizzling heat had resided and left an intact object which was much cooler and almost cold-feeling in air temperature.
The mobile telephone had re-sized into a long, tear-shaped object ending in a sharp point.
Are gasped in shock and completely understood, staring down at the two objects on the same arm. The two items were a set of lethal deadly weapons that had carried some type of ancient curse or charm. And his awesome teenly god powers had activated the morphemic state.
He continued to kneel down on top of the floor and hid from Thianne behind the pink tinted tall male statue, examining each one of his new deadly god weapons. The wrist watch had rapidly transformed into a round-shaped body shield covering and protecting his upper torso.
The mobile telephone inside his cupped hand had morphed into a long sword with a silver tipped hand halt that easily fit inside his large palm. He giggled with silliness like a girl and slowly swept the sharp metal in the air which was light and strong.
The pair of sunglasses had quickly transformed into a complete black tinted helmet over his face, both of his eyeballs down into his neck muscles that protected his bone skull from a nasty hit or a naughty weapon.
“Awesome!” He whispered for his eardrums only.
He slowly shifted upright from the floor and wobbled slightly side to side inside the glass display while still wearing all of his new god weapons. His body and mind still felt weak with body aches from the subsiding pain. The effects from the god transformation had zapped his physical strength, emotional nerves, and some of his healthy biochemical enzymes from his teenly god biological male form.
He rattled each object side to side while hitting at the glass wall or the bottom of the floor with the tip of the sword while creating a set of loud noises inside the enclosed structure, slowly shuffling away from the pink tinted statue. Then he stood in front of the statue with his new god gear and stared down at his girl. Her eyeballs widen and as her mouth gasped without sound. He held the large body shield against his chest, lifted the sword in the air, and posed like a god for his girl, shouting out loud with laughter. “Ares, the god of war!”
“Ares, are you okay? What happened in there? What! What are you wearing? Where did you get that stuff! Well, forget it! Get out of there, right now, Ares! We are going back home to Sand Mountain. Something is wrong here.” She exhaled with fear, worry, and panic in her voice for his well-being.
He continued to stand and smiled inside the enclosed helmet that only see the whites of his eyeballs, staring ahead at the entrance door with the sealed door, “Look here! I have transformed into …”
"What!" She looked down and viewed the physical movement, gasping in alarm, “The gigantic pink tinted statue is starting to shake and rumble with loud noises, Ares. Get out right now!”
He looked down and examined the glass window around the front of the case expressing with fear, “Geez!" He looked down at her and shouted out loud the warning. "Move out of the way, Thianne! Move away from the glass display. The glass case is going to implode.”
She waved both of her arms in the air and shouted with fear, “No! No! Get outta of there, Ares! Please, get outta of there right now! I can’t break the glass with my goddess power. The glass is made of armor plates which is too strong for my teenly goddess powers.”
He gasped in shock and examined the glass again. “Wow! Really! The glass is really an armor plate. Dang! Then this statue and this place is a trap for a god. So, I’m the prey here but not for any longer,” he laughed out loud.
She pointed at the glass and viewed an array of tiny cracks within the glass structure. “The display is starting to shimmer and shake out here too in front of my eyeballs, Ares.”
“Move back from me and the glass case, Thianne! I’m going to push the big pink statue through the cracking glass and then escape with my life and my new god toys,” he laughed out loud and scooted sideways, standing behind the statue again, leaning his body into the back spine on the stationary object and grunted with his god powers.
She quickly back stepped from the case and shook her curls, shuffling back to the entrance wall with the closed door while shouting out loud with worry, “It won’t work, Ares.”
Ares continued to shove the gigantic pink tinted statue with all of his strong teenly god powers growling with a set of hard grunts and producing wet body sweat inside his clothes. The tall granite started to crumble its granite body parts inside the display case into an array of finger-sized chunks coming from his god powers. Ares slammed his foot into each falling granite rock into the slowly cracking glass while producing an array of loud sounds consisting of booms and bangs.
On the entrance wall, at a safe distance, goddess Thianne assisted with her goddess kinesis power and held onto the stationary pink tinted feet of the statue so each flying granite rock could continue to shatter the glass window for Ares to escape into safety.
Inside the glass display, he continued to fling each hand-sized rock at the glass window as she steadied the statute from falling backward on Ares. The granite chest on the pink dummy loosen from the statue and then hit the glass wall exploding the glass structure into tiny shreds inside the sub-basement. He dropped down and hid behind the lower portion on the stationary statue from harm.
On the entrance wall, Thianne gasped in alarm and ducked down, rolling to the side, hitting the side wall and covered her head. She rapidly created a goddess force field around her folded body protecting her teenly life form. The shreds of glass hit her force field and then dropped down onto the floor sounding with an array of tiny tings, resting on the hard tile.
Inside the glass display, the glass window was gone. Ares gasped in worry and then jumped up from the floor, standing upright, surveying the floor of sharp glass objects and viewed Thianne in front of the entrance wall. He dashed ahead from the destroyed display case and floated through the air waves using his god walk and then stopped a few inches off the floor in front of Thianne.
She slowly stood upright with a stern face of worry. “Are you hurt, Ares?” He continued to wear the three god weapons with the helmet covering his face. She leaned over and hugged his part human and part metal body with love.
He leaned down and whispered into her face. “Get us outta here!”
She didn’t say at word but snapped her fingers on her left hand while activating her teenly goddess powers and then popped both of them from the sub-basement at the Louvre Art Galley within the city of Paris.
They both landed back down on top of the hard tile floor inside the school house building.
She fell unconscious across his still body.
“Thianne!” Another teen goddess screamed in pain.




Continue the adventures of the young god and goddess by reading the second e-novel, in the Urban Tales series, which is entitled Gods & Tales....
