Anima
Jae Choguk
Published by Jae Choguk
© 2013, Jae Choguk
Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Special credit to Super Junior’s song Only u, which the English translation was taken from for this book.
One
I felt a growl rising in my throat. Some call it animal instincts; I called it being surrounded, my back pressed against a wall with no way out. I processed the different ways that I could get away, but none that would leave me unscathed. So I went on instincts and lashed out. I yelled, or so I thought but it turned into a roar, almost like a lion or a tiger. I threw myself at the first figure approaching like a dark shadow. They all had no faces and no defined features. I kicked one, and was promptly thrown to the ground by another. I snarled and tried to lash out again, but when I saw my hand I froze, because it wasn’t a hand at all, it was…a paw? Sharp claws came out making me flinch, though it didn’t really hurt. I heard someone faintly calling my name, but I didn’t know who. What I did know was that I had to get away from these people (if you could really call them that).
“Lydia Raion, get your lazy butt out of bed now, you’re going to be late for school!” someone yelled and I jolted awake, in a cold sweat as I looked around at my room. The clock on the nightstand beside me read 7:30 A.M and I cursed under my breath. I threw off my covers with a yawn and stretched. I walked over to my closet and searched for something to wear. I felt lazy today, plus that dream had me a little freaked out, so I didn’t want to put much effort into my outfit. So I threw on some athletic shorts, a T-shirt and a light jacket. In Colorado Springs (located in Colorado) it’s usually cooler weather, though right now it’s April, so the temp is around 50 or 60 degrees. Colorful socks were a necessity, along with cool shoes (in this case blue Adidas). I looked in the mirror and groaned. I knew my hair would look messy, but it doesn’t hurt to hope. My long golden hair had a natural wave that made it a pain to deal with, so I usually just put in in a braid down my back.
I had circles under my emerald green eyes so I put concealer on them, not that it did much good. I decided to skip my minimal amount of makeup I wear which consisted of eyeliner and mascara. I did a once-over and slung my backpack over my shoulder on the way out of my room. I ran downstairs and grabbed a piece of toast off the plate of breakfast my mom always prepared for me.
“Young lady, you better sit down and eat. I don’t care if you’re late for school; it’s your own fault for waking up so late!” My mother scolded, which I rolled my eyes at.
“Yes ma’am.” I replied sarcastically as I sat down and put a fried egg on my toast taking a big bite out of it. When my mom nodded her approval, she went back to washing the dishes. “So I had a strange dream last night” I said with my mouth full
“Oh, and what was it about?” she asked drying off her hands
“Well it’s hard to explain…” I started but then I looked at the clock on the stove and jumped up, downing a glass of orange juice. “I’ll tell you after school; well I have gymnastics, so after that I will!”
“Okay, see you then. Oh and I will be home late today, so will you be fine walking?” she asked and I picked up my gym bag and slung that over my shoulder as well.
“Yeah, that’s fine, I’m off!” I called over my shoulder as I walked out the front door. 
“Come home straight away, I’ll call you and if you’re not at home, I swear I’ll-”
“Yeah, yeah I know don’t worry.” I said and before I closed the door I heard her mutter, “I have no choice but to worry…” I didn’t know why she was always so over-protective. I stepped out onto the porch outside and walked down the steps onto the sidewalk.
 I took in my surroundings that I always admired here, even of Colorado was a remote place; it had the best scenery. We had different landscapes ranging from forests to mountains and lakes that stole your breath away. I breathed in the clean, fresh air that came with the cool breeze blowing spring air in, but with the hopes of a warm summer.
I started walking to school, since it wasn’t that far away when I saw a shadow flicker by a tree making me jump. I guess my dream was freaking me out a little more than I thought. I blew out a breath of relief when I saw that it was just a stray cat, but still felt on edge for some reason. I shook it off and kept walking.
I reached school panting; I ended up running because I was late. I had 2 minutes until class started, so I sprinted to my locker, threw my gym bag in it and ran to my first class.
“Cutting it close as usual I see.” my friend Maria said as I flopped down in my desk beside hers.
“Yeah, I woke up late…again.” I said as the bell rang and our History teacher walked in announcing things that we have all heard before. Like “Don’t forget to sign up for debate team,” and “Go to the museum over spring break for extra credit”.
I yawned again and slumped lower in my seat, letting my thoughts drift back to the dream/nightmare that I had. I kept feeling like someone was watching me, maybe it was more of those “animal instincts” like I had in my dream, but that was more literal. I just need to stop thinking about it or I’ll get a headache… too late. Trying to focus on class again made it go by faster, so I took notes on The Cold War.
Once class was over and went into my next class I just repeated everything to make school go by faster. At least when I was doing gymnastics, it took my mind off of everything else.
“Hurry up and grab your stuff Lydia, we need to run there if we don’t want to be late for practice!” Maria yelled at me (she’s also on the gymnastics team).
“Yes ma’am!” I called back after my last class was over and was being pulled by the current of students trying to leave. I finally got to my locker and automatically started twisting it in the same way I’ve been doing for 2 years now. I flung open my locker (almost smacking myself in the process) and grabbed my gym bag swinging it over my shoulder over my backpack. I caught up with Maria and while we ran to practice she scolded me for always being so slow, while I pretended to listen.
“With 5 minutes to spare, yes!” Maria panted looking at her watch and I laughed
“We still have to change into our leotards dip,” I said and her face fell which made me laugh harder “It doesn’t take that long, come on I’ll race you!” she groaned and muttered something under her breath about me having too much energy and being too competitive (which is so true).
We changed into our Leos and put shorts over them. I won, naturally and we started our warm-up stretches. As I figured, my mind was completely focused on what I was doing and not my strange dreams or unsettling feelings. I threw myself into perfecting my routine for floor and before I knew it practice was over, which was too soon. I sighed and decided I would just walk home in my Leo, but threw on my jacket over it plus sweats. I said good-bye to everyone and drank from my water bottle while I walked back. Luckily the gym is connected to our school so I didn’t have to walk far to get back home. I rounded a corner and looked up at the sky; the sun was melting into the sky behind clouds. I grimaced, knowing id probably have to run home again since I didn’t have my umbrella, and because I loved sunsets. With the clouds covering everything, it was too hard to see though.
I kept walking when a shiver ran down my spine. I wrapped my arms around myself and picked up my pace glancing frequently behind me. That horrible sensation of someone watching, and now following were back. I started running now and didn’t turn around this time; I walked home this way so many times that I knew I only had about 3 minutes until I got home if I ran. 
Suddenly I was yanked to the side into a dark alleyway was pushed up against the wall and a hand covered my mouth. I instantly tried to defend myself. I tried kicking him (I’m assuming it’s a guy by his build) but he easily avoided it. I kept on thrashing, but that didn’t work; this guy was too strong. When I finally managed to kick him in what I’m assuming what his shin he backed up enough for me to get in a punch to the side of his face. My attacker backed up and then he smiled, sending chills down my spine. He started advancing on me again, and as I sized him up I knew I probably wouldn’t get another chance. So I ran down the alleyway and I heard footsteps following me quickly. I ran faster to the other end and I heard him pick up the pace too. Let’s hope my gymnastics pays off, I prayed to myself and launched myself onto a large dumpster. There was a ledge right above it that I hopped onto, pretending it was a beam I walked quickly, but carefully across it. There was a clicking noise behind me, and I dared myself to look down.
“You know there’s no escaping now, don’t you girl?” The big man smirked.
“Using guns is so cheap,” I said, surprised by how calm and confident my voice sounded, “Can’t you come up here and be a little more creative?” that made his smirk drop a little, but his confidence was still going strong.
“If you really want me to, I guess I have no choice.” He replied, but before I could say anything he jumped on the ledge, without even jumping onto the dumpster! I started backing up when he stalked towards me. This time I started to feel anxiety, and a little fear course through me. I must have conveyed that through my eyes and posture, because the man flashed a malicious grin. 
“Not so confident now are you?” He taunted. I opened my mouth, but couldn’t seem to make a sound. He laughed darkly and walked forward again. This time when I took a step backwards, my foot ran out of room and I slipped. I still had my gym bag, but my backpack fell earlier, so there wasn’t anything to break my fall. Then something weird happened, I managed to land on my feet! I don’t know how it happened, but I didn’t have time to think about it. I bolted to where my backpack still lay on the ground where I was pushed against the wall. I quickly grabbed it and didn’t bother to put it on, which I now know was a big mistake. I heard a shot go off, but before I could turn around there was a searing pain in my left side. I collapsed clutching my side dropping both my bags when my vision started getting blurry. The pain wouldn’t stop, but I wouldn’t scream. Even if I was going to die, I wasn’t going to let that bastard have the satisfaction of me writhing in pain on the ground. 
“Guns really are cheap.” I said through gritted teeth and looked up; my eyes in slits from the pain. I expected to see my attacker smirking above me, but I saw he was lying on the ground unmoving a little ways away. The one that was above me though was a really good-looking man. Too old for me unfortunately, he looked like he was in his 30’s and I’m only 16. Oh well, it’s a wonder how I think about this when everything’s going black. I smiled to myself and let darkness wash over me, pulling me under.
Two
Well as it turns out, I didn’t die. I wonder how I survived that; a gunshot isn’t exactly something that most people survive. When I opened my eyes I saw white everywhere blinding me at first. When my eyes adjusted, I saw that I was in a hospital room. I didn’t even know we had a hospital nearby. Yeah, because that’s what you’re supposed to think about when you have a near-death experience. I leaned up on my elbows, flinching at the pain where the bullet hit me. Once I was up I took in my surroundings; white and light red sterilized everything! I thought red was a weird color for a hospital, but once again that’s not a question I need answered right now.
Getting my covers off, I put my legs over the edge of the bed, noticing that no one was around I went to the door. My hand froze on the handle when I saw what I was wearing, or what I wasn’t wearing. Sure I had a bandage covering my whole torso, and I don’t have a big chest, so it didn’t show anything. My bottoms were just my underwear, so I started looking for where my clothes were. When I couldn’t find them I felt myself getting irritated. It was only my side that got shot, so why in the hell would they have to take off my pants? 
“Pervert doctors.” I muttered to myself. I did manage to find my bags at least, so I searched my gym bag for some clothes. Luckily I found some low slung sweats, but all my shirts were covered in sweat.
I slipped on the sweats and grabbed my bags, slinging them over my shoulder. I walked over to the door, feeling dizzier with each step, but I didn’t care. Wincing when I opened the door I held onto the doorframe to keep myself upright. Everyone must be in classes because I haven’t run into anyone yet. Looking at the school, it was amazing and glamorous and everything my school wasn’t.
There were vaulted ceilings, rich red carpet, statues and massive windows overlooking a beautiful garden. The trees were blooming, and I had a feeling that when they were in full bloom, the scene would take my breath away. Too bad I wouldn’t be here to see it, wherever here is.
I tore my gaze away from the garden and kept walking, to who knows where. I just had to get out of here, but I had a burning curiosity that wouldn’t let me leave without some answers.  I walked down the corridor peering in classrooms, and when I thought someone saw me I scurried around a corner. My heart was beating as two students walked past me talking about strange things.
“I can’t wait until they let me go on my first full mission alone!” The shorter girl squeaked.
“Yeah, I just had a B class last week; it’s the best feeling ever! I escaped two hunters!” The taller girl exclaimed proudly.
“That’s amazing Alice! I barely passed my training exam to go on C class missions!” She sighed wistfully, and then she must have seen me because she whispered to “Alice.” and they both looked my way. I froze and my first instinct was to flee, but I held my ground as they stared at me.
“You see her too right?” The girl whispered to Alice.
“Yes idiot,” Alice retorted, then turned to me again and asked “Are you okay?”
“Does it look like I am?” I asked drily and to my surprise they both laughed.
“Shouldn’t you be in the hospital?” The other girl asked.
“Shouldn’t you be in class?” I countered which made them laugh again.
“Touché, just a bathroom break, by the looks of it you could use one too.” Alice inspected my appearance. I was slightly hunched from the pain in my side, but I still didn’t think that after getting shot, I could be up and running already. Maybe I was asleep for a long time though, and once again I was reminded that I needed to find someone to give me some damn answers! So I decided I should make the best of this situation, since it didn’t seem like these two were going to rat me out.
“Yeah, well I didn’t expect to get shot yesterday either.”  That’s if it was even yesterday when it happened.
They gave each other astounded looks then turned their attention back towards me. 
“So does this happen on a daily basis?” Alice asked speculating.
“Not to my knowledge, no,” I replied with a smirk, “Where exactly am I?”
“You have amnesia now too?” The shorty asked.
“She got shot and you’re making comments like that Mai? How about I tell her your full name?” Alice taunted making Mai fake shudder, when they saw my confused look Mai turned to me.
“It’s Mai Molly Mayan, sucky name huh?” I stifled a laugh, when I heard someone coming down the hall. This time I didn’t have time to think about what I was doing, because he already spotted me. He strode towards us and I started backing away when Alice and Mai stepped in front of me.
“What do you plan on doing?” Alice demanded “Obviously she isn’t well enough for you to mess with her Jeremy.”
“Whether she was well enough or not, she still wouldn’t be able to stop me, as a matter of fact neither could either of you.” The guy they called Jeremy commented raising his eyebrow as if asking them to challenge him. I was surprised when neither Alice nor Mai had anything to say to that, so he must have been telling the truth, at least for some of it. I stepped in front of them and glared at him.
“I don’t think you can say that when you don’t even know me.” I said pointing at him accusingly. He just shrugged, which only made me more frustrated.
“I don’t have to know who you are to see that you’re a girl.”
“Oh, and what is that supposed to mean?” I challenged, even though I figured what his answer will be. 
“Whatever, I don’t have time for this, Sensei told me to come find a random girl that’s walking around the school injured.”
“Sensei?” I asked dumbfounded.
“He’s in karate, that’s his teacher, who also is our homeroom teacher.” Alice explained. “So he calls him that sometimes, not sure why he can’t just call him Mr. Zander like the rest of us.”
“Oh I see, kind of.” I realized that my hand was still pointed at him, and I let my arm drop.
“Whatever,” Ash said rubbing his hand over his face “I was told to bring you to his office, nothing else really concerns me right now so if you don’t mind following me?” He gestured dramatically with a sweep of his hand. I rolled my eyes and took a step forward, then stopped. I was happy to see that his calm, cool exterior had faded a bit, and irritation was starting to show.
“Why?” I asked skeptically.
“For god’s sake woman-” I didn’t have to say anything else because he came at me lightning fast, picking me up (bags and all) over his shoulder.
“Hey, caveman put me down!” I yelled pounding my fists on his chest, which felt similar to a brick wall. I sighed and looked at Alice and Mai for help but they just shrugged.
“Put her down Jeremy, I’m sure you can see she doesn’t want you man-handling her.” Alice said with an apologetic glance towards me. 
“Her problems are of no concern to me; I’m only doing what I was told.” He replied calmly.
“That’s a first.” Mai muttered, which earned her a glare from Jeremy. They involuntarily took a step back, which made me wonder just how strong this kid was.
“Guys, its fine” I said trying to crane my neck, but gave up when I knew I would have to stare at Jeremy’s butt until he set me down. Then he abruptly turned around and started walking with his confident strut down the hallway. When we got to a fancy mahogany door, he set me down, and I knew I might not get another chance, so I ran. Unfortunately I only took about 5 steps until Jeremy caught me again, tossing me on his shoulder, making me wince. My side was aching, but I still felt like it should’ve hurt worse than this.
It’s not like I get shot every day and knows what it’s supposed to feel like, but I figure lots of people die from getting shot in movies and CSI (granted they were movies). I’m still not so naïve as to think that I have superhuman powers. 
This time Jeremy didn’t put me down when he opened the door (probably because he kicked it open instead). The teacher I saw before I blacked out was sitting behind a grand desk sipping tea like he was at a tea party.
“Did you really feel it was necessary to break, yet another door grasshopper?” the teacher, Mr. Zander sighed as he set down his teacup. I couldn’t hold back a laugh at that one, my mistake. Jeremy dropped me and I landed with a thud on my hands and knees.
“Ouch, watch it grasshopper!” I yelled on instinct, as I sat up rubbing my knees.
“I told you not to call me that Sensei.” He groaned and gave me a pointed look, like he was telling me the same thing too. A smirk I didn’t even know I had slipped when I looked at his ice-cold glare. I didn’t know eyes that blue could be filled with such hatred. They were an insanely light blue; it felt as if he could freeze me just by glaring. I shivered involuntarily and he seemed satisfied with that response before he whipped around walked over the door that he kicked down.  I let out a breath I didn’t even know I was holding and turned my attention back to the teacher who was muttering something like “That kid needs to control his anger…and strength especially in front of…” I didn’t catch the end, but I figured it had to do with girls, more specifically me.
“Now…” He said with a louder voice and turned his attention back to me, like he almost forgot I was there. “You, what did you say your name was?”
“I didn’t say my name…”
“Oh right, well will you tell me your name?” he asked
“Why?” 
“Are you always this stubborn?”
“Just in my nature I guess, now can I leave?”
“I’m not sure yet, first tell me your name?” 
I sighed and fiddled with my braid “Lydia Raion”
“It’s not possible, she can’t be who I think she is,” He said, more to himself than to me, which made me curious.
“Who did you think I was?” I asked skeptically, as far as I was concerned I looked a lot like my mother with the hair and eyes, but our personalities weren’t at all alike. She was always calm and caring, patient and kind…me? Well I guess that means I’m the opposite.
“Oh” He said as if he just noticed I was there…again. “No one…sorry, anyways what were you doing in that alleyway?”
“I could ask you the same thing, couldn’t I?” I retorted
“Do you always answer questions with more questions?” He sighed, showing not irritation but more of a wary look, so I let up on him.
“No, and I was walking back from gymnastics practice then some guy jumped me. That’s about all that happened, other than me getting shot in the end, I guess.” I said tossing my braid over my back.
“I see, something that bothers me is how did you land on your feet that time?” He asked getting up from his desk, and started pacing in front of it.
“I’m not sure,” I said wistfully, losing myself in the memory that was still imprinted in my mind, landing on my feet after falling didn’t seem possible. “I guess it just felt like the natural thing to do.” This comment seemed to make him even more perplexed.
“Do you know who it was that attacked you?” He finally said to me.
“No, plus it was too dark to see anything besides his eyes when the moon reflected on him.” I shivered at the sight his bloodthirsty eyes, which the teacher took for being cold.
“Oh, here you must be cold wearing only that bandage and pants.” He handed me my jacket from who knows where and put it over my shoulders seeing as I didn’t make a move to take it from him. I was always quick to be suspicious and overly cautious, so now that I think of it, I have more in common with my mother than I thought.
“So what’s your name?” I asked even though I already knew, I just wanted to change the subject.
“Oh right, where are my manners? I’m Mr. Zander; you can call me Zan or Mr. Z or even Zan-Zan if you like!” He said cheering up like the past conversation didn’t even happen.
“Uh, well I won’t be here for much longer so I see no need to refer to you as my teacher or Zan-Zan like a pet. I want to go home now if that won’t be a problem.”
“Fine” He pouted. Should a teacher really do that? “First I need to have a look at your wound to make sure you’re well enough to leave.” I decided I would just go with it, so I could leave sooner. Sighing I started to unwrap my bandages, and pulled my jacket over my chest. I wasn’t the only one that gasped when I saw what the wound looked like, or what it didn’t look like. I expected a big bloody mess, but it was already closing, which even with new technology didn’t seem possible.
“Why, I don’t get it…” I sounded less confident now and that bothered me, but I needed to know I wasn’t a freak.
“I have a theory…” Mr. Zander said and my hopes rose “But,” and then they plummeted. Seeing my face he made a wry smile and continued, “I need you to do something to prove my theory.”
Three
“How exactly is me jumping off this balcony going to prove this theory of yours?” I ask skeptically, looking down at the ground, which was a long way down. This building was massive, so it had to be at least the third story.
“Don’t’ worry,” Mr. Zander assured me “My hunches are hardly ever wrong!”
“Well that leaves no room for doubt,” I muttered then straightened my back and said more loudly “No need to tell me twice I guess, if I can survive a bullet, this should be nothing.” I sounded a hell of a lot more confident that I felt. Before I lost my nerve I vaulted over the stone balcony railing and soared to the ground below. I know I should’ve landed like a sack of potatoes, but it didn’t happen that way. I felt myself twist itself into a position comfortable to land with. I landed hard, making a shudder run up my legs, but overall it was almost…graceful.
“How was that?” I said flashing a victory sign at Mr. Zander who was smiling, but the smile was almost sad looking. 
“Needs work, now climb back up.” He called down and I looked doubtfully up the wall. Now that I look more closely though, it didn’t seem as hard as I thought. I found a ledge of a low-lying window and easily lifted myself up. I found another brick, and used that like a rock climbing wall. I found myself actually enjoying the use of my muscles and the agility that I didn’t know I had. Sure I was in gymnastics, but that didn’t even compare to this. I reached the top, and swung my legs over the railing once again, smiling triumphantly.
“Was that good enough?” I gloated, but my buzz suddenly faded when I saw the look in his eyes. Fear, anticipation, and sadness all seemed to swim in his deep blue eyes.
“It could use some work.” He said with a wry smile, but before I could say anything more he ushered me down a hallway lined with portraits of older looking people. I looked around at the vaulted ceilings and fancy light fixtures. This school looked insanely fancy and mystical. The blood red everywhere was unsettling though.
“Here we are.” he said pushing open to massive mahogany doors that were at the end of hallway lined with portraits.
“Where is here exactly?” I ask hoping for some answers.
“You’ll know soon enough.” he said ushering me through the double-doors and came into a massive office. The whole back wall was glass, looking down on the school grounds. The man sitting behind a medieval looking desk, with a big red chair fit for a king looked up at us. His intelligent green eyes were bright behind his wire-rimmed glasses as he looked at us.
“I was wondering when I would get to meet her.” The man said wistfully. 
I gave him a confused look and asked “Me? How do you know who I am?”
“You’re Lydia Raion, correct?”
“Yes…” I said slowly.
“I imagine your mother will be here soon.” He continued in his all-knowing voice.
“Headmaster, that’s not possible” Mr. Zander stuttered.
“Is it?” The Headmaster said thoughtfully. The cryptic tone of his voice made me feel like he knew your secrets, before you yourself knew them.
“How do you know my mom?” I asked with a protective edge. The old man merely smiled at me.
“Everyone here knows your mom, she was famous.”
“Back up old man, my mom went here?” I said with a flourish of my arms.
“Yes, and although I’m sure you want to hear about it, I have a feeling this story is best said from your mother.” And on that note, a very angry mother came bursting through the doors.
“Of all the insane things…” was one of the many aggressive words she used. “I didn’t ever planning on coming back here, and I sure as hell didn’t escape from here just to let my daughter come back!”
“Irene?” Mr. Zander whispered hands clenched at his side, face drained of color.
“Hi Greg, it’s been a while.” My mom said, sounding exhausted and looking older than her age.
“That’s all you have to say?” He asked with astounded fury. “You are supposed to be dead!”
“What the hell is going on?” I burst out. Although the tension in the air was thick, the old man with a small white beard was the very picture of calm and collected. It seems a though nothing ever surprised him.
“Sorry honey, it’s a long story that I you’re not ready to hear yet.” My mom said sadly, yet with enough force to make me not push it.
“She has the right to know” Mr. Zander said quietly.
“She will find that there are many secrets hidden within these walls, and when they think she can handle the truth; they will reveal themselves to her.” The old man replied calmly.
“That’s great and all, but you speak as if the school is alive” I said annoyed.
“In a way it is” he responded solemnly, but there as a mischievous gleam in his eyes.
“Okay whatever you say old man, now will anyone tell me why I’m moving after I got shot?” I asked, finally getting to the point.
“Ah, that is an interesting case.” Mr. Zander said, seeming in control again. “You see, most Anima’s don’t have that ability, but for some reason you do.
“An Anima, what is that like code for something?” I ask, half-joking.
“Yes, it’s short for Animalagus, which is the name of this academy.” Headmaster said spreading his hands wide.
“Right, so is it a place for freaks?” I ask curious and still hoping this was a dream.
“In a way,” The old man laughed, “And you are one of them young lady.”
“I figured…” I muttered to myself and my mom put her arm around me, with a reassuring squeeze. “So what is an Anima?”
“It’s someone who can change into an animal on command” My mom said and stepped away from me. “Want me to show you?” she asked.
“You’re joking right?” I ask incredulously.
She smiled sadly and a bright golden glow emanated from her. She slowly arched her back, ears popping on her head. A wild made surrounded her face, and a tail unfurled. Next thing I knew, she was on all fours and roared a lion’s roar, literally. My mother was a lion. I stumbled backwards and landed flat on my ass. My eyes were wide, like they had been dilated as I stared at my mother, who seemed almost beautiful. I swallowed hard and asked, “So can everyone here do that? And why are you a male lion?” The lion that was before me threw back her head and the sound that came out almost seemed like a human laugh. I relaxed and smiled mischievously stalking forward I launched myself on top of her, knocking her off her feet, or rather paws.
“I’m still stronger though” I smirked as I pinned her, but then she pushed with her forepaws battings me off her, rolling on top of me.
“Nice try kiddo.” My mother, now in human form said with a smile of her own. 
“Someday…” I muttered to myself. My mom got off me and gave me a hand getting up. I winced as I did though, and she automatically put an arm around my shoulders.
“So what does this have to do with me?” I asked.
“You’re the same as me,” My mother said simply.
“You mean an old woman?” I asked lifting my eyebrow.
“Yes unfortunately that too.” She said solemnly.
“Okay, and on that note let this old man step in and explain how you fit into this academy young lady.” The headmaster said as he stood up from his desk.
“Thanks old man” I said “but do you see a young lady anywhere in this room?” I gestured by spreading my arms out.
“Lydia, watch it, he bites you know.” My mother laughed.
“Well if you say so.” I shrugged.
“Anyways, you are also an Anima Lydia, so you will have to start attending this school. Which means you also can’t go back to your old school anymore. This includes any contact with former associates. So no electronic communicating devices that you crafty kids can think of are allowed.”
I started out thinking that this might work, but the more he spoke the worse it got.
“So 16 years of my life were pretty much wasted,” I say harshly. “All my friends, the gymnastics team, all my teachers and relatives –including my mom- I can’t talk to anymore?”
“Unfortunately, that’s how it is for all the students here.” Mr. Zander said gravely.
“You will learn all about that tomorrow,” Headmaster said. “But for now go home, and by tomorrow you will be an official student of Animalagus Academy.”
Four
All of my friends think I’m moving. In a way I am, but they don’t know the reason for it. It’ll be just like I never existed. Not the best feeling in the world, but all you can do is move forward.
“So you said this Academy is where I belong?” I asked as she drove me to my new life.
“Yes, although I tried to hide you from it as long as possible. I think now that was a mistake. You will probably learn soon enough so I’ll tell you the gist of it now.” She took a deep breath. “I ran away from the Academy when I found out I was pregnant with you. I had to get away and hide you, so nobody -including your father- from the Academy knew you were alive. That’s why they never came to get you when you were young.”
“So you met him at the Academy, got pregnant and ran away, but why?” I ask knowing that since my mom never talked about dad except for when I would ask why he left us, it had to be important.
“The Academy has a more secret reason for existing than just helping people like you. You will learn soon enough, like headmaster said, the school has a way of telling you things…” Well it didn’t get much more cryptic than that, and on that note we parked and got out of the car.
“So why couldn’t he know about me?” I asked as I rolled my suitcase to massive looking silver gates.
“This is one of those things you aren’t ready to hear yet.” She said with a half-smile. I was going say something more, but seeing the anguish in her eyes made the protest die in my throat. I looked up past the gates, seeing the massive white school -or castle- with a courtyard and everything. Tall hedges and statues lined the front and blood red flags fared on the walls. Massive windows lined the walls and up the turrets. Two other massive building stood on either side of it, which I assumed were the separate dorms. A big white fountain, marble benches, and stone walkways were everywhere. It was a fantasy filled with gold, and people with wings floating in white.
We finally made it to the gate, and something I didn’t notice before was that the gate had an image imbedded in it. On the left was an image of a lion and in the right was a tiger, both made of the intricate silver. Their arms were outstretched, claws unsheathed, teeth bared at each other. I could almost hear the echoing roar they were giving off, a torturous noise that could only come from somewhere deep inside. They were leading a revolution, a war, the start of something new, but at a cost.
This gate seemed to have more meaning than the school itself. I couldn’t seem to tear my gaze away from it until they suddenly opened, breaking the trance. As the lion and tiger parted, Mr. Zander stepped through and with a dramatic sweep of his arms, announced, “Welcome to Animalagus Academy!”
“Thanks.” I muttered, still unnerved by the imposing gate, and castle behind it. He grabbed my suitcase, and kept my duffel around my shoulder as we walked. I turned around and noticed that my mother wasn’t walking past the gate.
“Why aren’t you coming?” 
“I swore I wouldn’t come back here, I already did yesterday, and I don’t think I can handle doing it again. Plus if I do, I can’t guarantee that I will be able to let you go if I take another step.” She said with tears filling her eyes.
“Don’t worry, I’ll kick ass in this school and come back better than ever.” I said throwing my arms around her, not thinking of when the next time we might meet again would be. I had a feeling that it wasn’t anytime soon though. I let a couple tears escape, but refusing to let any more fall. I would let more come when we met again.
“I’ll see you soon” I said, not being able to say goodbye yet.
“I’ll be waiting.” She said softly and let me go. I did a quick swipe across my eyes with my arm and smiled. I turned around and ran making sure I wouldn’t look back until I was past the gate. I met up with Mr. Zander and turned around giving a big wave, still smiling. I wasn’t going to let her see how much I was going to miss her.
“Let’s go.” I said softly, letting my smile slip an inch. He put his arm around my shoulders, and surprisingly I felt comforted by it.
“Alright onto a happier note, since you are a transfer student, you get your own room, since all the rest are taken!” I smiled at that. “You are in the girls’ dorm, which is at the left, and the boys’ dorm is on the right. He said pointing to what I had already assumed were the dorms.
We walked up the stone path to the large white building on the left, and he pushed open the doors for me. The interior was just as beautiful as the exterior. White walls, that same blood red color accenting the rooms, rich draperies, and plush furniture. There was also a balcony that had winding staircases on each side. 
“Up those stairs are where all the dorms are, and to the right off the main commons area is the kitchen and dining room. Someone will prepare food for you 3 times a day, any time in between you have to fend for yourself.” Mr. Zander said as I started walking towards the staircase. He followed me up the staircase, then led me down a bunch of halls and stopped in front of a window at the end of a hall on the top floor.
“Shouldn’t there be a door here?” I ask looking around like I missed something.
“Just watch.” He said with a smile, and then pulled the thick red drapery covering what I thought would be a window away. There was actually a tall picture of the school behind it. He opened the picture just like a door and led me down a dimly lit, small flight of stairs going up. We got to the top and he opened the door waiting for us there. The room wasn’t huge like the rest of the school, nor was it as small as a normal dorm. There was a queen-sized bed, a closet, a dresser and writing desk with a comfy, deep blue chair. The blue was a nice change from all the red that has been setting me on edge.
“Do you like it?” He asked, even though I was pretty sure he already knew the answer judging from his smile, and mine. I didn’t respond though, because I was already walking towards the big window covering most of the wall with blue curtains parted on each side. There was a handle on one side so I pushed the door open and walked onto a half-circle balcony with a stone railing surrounding us.
“Why do I feel like not everyone has this dorm?” I ask in awe.
“That’s because they don’t.” Mr. Zander said setting my stuff down on my new bed, “You were a special case. The students don’t know about this room either, but that’s because we haven’t had a transfer student before.”
“Why not?” I asked coming back inside to start unpacking.
“No one has been able to escape before. There is always rouge Animas, but we usually ignore them unless they cause a disturbance. The hunters take them down before it comes to that though.”
“Hunters?” I didn’t like the way he said that.
“The only people who can kill Animas.” He replies simply.
“As opposed to…?”
“Everyone else, well I shouldn’t say that. A human can kill us, but they would have to know how. But since we aren’t supposed to exist, how would they? He says with a shrug.
“So there’s a certain way to kill us, instead of the usual gunshot?” I say dryly.
“Well yes, and no. You have to be shot in the head, or heart, but we can heal almost any other wound.  I shouldn’t say that, excessive bleeding from hitting vitals as well. Besides you, since you’re a special case.” He finished hastily.
“What if I don’t want to be special?” I ask sitting on my bed, giving up on unpacking.
“None of us do.” He smiles sadly and walks back down the staircase, making me realize just how alone I am.
I woke up the next day surrounded by my clothes that I didn’t bother to put away. I sat up slowly and looked around, remembering where I was. As I stretched and yawned, I saw a note from Mr. Z telling me what my schedule was, and that I should be happy to know I had him for my homeroom. I rolled my eyes and wondered what I was supposed to wear; from what I saw yesterday everyone had uniforms. I opened my closet, and sure enough everything I needed was there. Neatly pressed blazers, trousers, Bermuda shorts, and skirts lined up. The colors are that blood red color, charcoal grey, blacks and whites. I chose a white button-up and red blazer with the crest of the school, which was a shield with three red slash-marks across it. It was just another thing about this school that unnerved me. I grabbed the pants and looked for socks. I should’ve expected that I would have a choice in color and height. There were thigh-highs, knee-highs, and ankle socks. I had pants, so why have high socks? I put on the ankle socks and chose the tie instead of bowtie or ribbon for my neck. We had our own choice of shoes, so I chose one from my extensive collection.
With that I walked out of my room and went downstairs, through the picture and closed the curtains behind me. I looked at the “map” Mr. Z gave me, which consisted of an arrow, a dot, and a couple lines. I somehow made it to the classroom, where Mr. Zander was waiting with a class full of loud kids my age. He was fiddling with his laptop when I walked in and everything went silent. I haven’t felt so out of my place in my life, I still wasn’t all that convinced that I was an Anima or whatever, but they all thought I was. My mom told me to keep a low profile, but I had a feeling that was close to impossible. I managed a small smile when Mr. Zander stood up from his desk and met me in the front of the classroom, giving me my books and telling me which desk was mine.
“Everyone, this is our new transfer student, want to introduce yourself?” I was so tempted to say no, but that probably wouldn’t make the best impression.
“I’m Lydia Raion, nice to meet you?” I said in what sounded more like a question.
“Treat her well; she hasn’t learned half the things you already know so any problems and you tell me alright?” I nodded and went to the empty seat in the back. The classroom was elevated like a stadium and they were tables of two, instead of desks. I sat down, and the guy next to me was sleeping. I ignored all the eyes that followed my every movement and tried to focus only on Mr. Zander. Someone tapped my shoulder and I turned around to see Alice and Mai, who I met yesterday. They smiled, and I gave a sharp exhale of relief.
“I didn’t know you were the transfer student, although I should have guessed since we don’t get guests very often.” Alice said with a smirk.
“Yeah you’re all anyone was talking about yesterday, and right now!” Mai added a little too loudly. As if everyone wasn’t already watching us, the room was growing louder and louder with anxious whispers.
“She doesn’t bite you know.” Alice remarked dryly and that seemed to be enough for everyone to jump out of their seats and rush towards us. Mai rolled her eyes and I tried not to throw myself out the window. I was bombarded with questions about where I was from and what animal I was.
“How far have you transformed…Why did you jump off the…Why you seem to know Mr. Z…” I couldn’t answer any of them, because the guy next to me slammed his hands on the desk and raised his head. I realized it was the same kid -Jeremy- who threw me around like a sack of meat.  The class went silent as they looked sheepishly away, are they really that afraid of him?
“Sit down.” The two words seemed very affective to the other kids. They quickly went back to their seats, and Mr. Zander just watched the whole situation with amusement.
“They were fine, just go back to sleep.” I said glaring at him, and I swear I could see them visibly intake their breath. 
“Alright class settle down, Jeremy lower your hand before you do something you regret.” Mr. Zander interrupted. I felt his eyes on me, glaring so fiercely I thought I would melt. I just looked down at my schedule that Mr. Z handed me. 
Homeroom- Mr. Zander
Self-Defense- Mr. Cain
Anima History- Miss Longfellow
Martial Arts- Mr. Zander
Special
Each class was an hour except for homeroom, which was half an hour. I didn’t know what Special was, or who the teacher was, but I felt like it wasn’t something I wanted to be in.
“You ready to go to class?” Alice said stepping beside me after homeroom ended. Mai had a different schedule, but Alice-thankfully- had my same schedule. 
“Do you also have this special one on the bottom?” I asked showing her my schedule.
“Ah, and that’s where we will have to part unfortunately.”
“What is it though?”
“Uh, well I’m sure you’ll figure it out when you get there.” She laughed weakly. I had a feeling it was going to be a long day.
We walked outside and to a building in the back, which I found out was for all their fighting classes. We went to the girl’s locker room, which was just as grand as I thought it would be, as far as locker rooms go. Granite sinks, lots of dispensers for soaps, lotions, and yes mouthwash. The benches were also granite, and lockers were nice and big. I found the locker with my nametag on it and worked my new locker combo, which was electronic of course.
I slipped on my shorts and T-shirt and since my hair was already in a French-braid I left it. I followed Alice up the stairs leading to the gym. I looked at all the different equipment lining the walls, the mats laying everywhere, and the number of bodies on the ground. People flipping other people like they were sand bags, and punching and jabbing, all these different maneuvers that must be for self-defense. We walked to the middle of the room and Alice introduced me to Mr. Cain, and when I shook his hand, he grabbed it and flipped me over his back. I landed with a hard thud.
“What was that about?” I demanded after I got back up.
“Rule number one, don’t trust anyone.” He says like I should already know.
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Rule number two,” He says putting my arm behind my back in a painful grip, “Always be ready for anything.” I tried elbowing his stomach to get him to release my arm. Unfortunately in the process he made me elbow another guy in the side. I turned around to yell at the teacher again, who was just smirking at me.
“Rule number three, always be aware of your surroundings.” Mr. Cain said as he walked off to yell at another student.
“Never forget them, but by the way he drills them into our heads, you won’t have a problem with that.” Alice laughed and started stretching on the mat beside us. I sat down by her and stretched as well.
“Get up.” Someone said and I looked up to see Jeremy glaring down at me. 
“Sit down. Get up? Do you ever say sentences that are more than 2 syllables?”
“Yeah, get up before I make you.” He says like that was supposed to be any better. I lift my eyebrow and he grabs my arms and drags me up anyways. Alice started to protest but I just shook my head.
“I can take care of myself.” I said reassuringly.
“All right, but he can get a little…” She didn’t finish her sentence, which made me wonder why he was so feared. He walked to me to the side of the gym where all the eyes followed us. I don’t think I would ever get used to everyone watching me; a gymnastics meet is a little different than this.
“Try to attack me.” He said after dropping my arm from the painful grip he had it in. I rubbed my arm and glared at him.
“Alright, but don’t forget you asked me to.” He smirked and then it all happened in a blur. I ran at him with my fist up, he grabbed it and turned around, flipping me over his back, just like Mr. Cain did. I scrambled up again feeling a flush across my face.
“You sounded a lot more confident that you acted, is that the best you can do?” He asked with a smirk.
“Again.” I ran at him again, just to have him repeat the process. I groaned as I landed hard on the mat, over and over again. All I could say was again, and he didn’t seem to mind kicking my ass. No one has ever made me lose my calm like he did. To make things better a crowd had enclosed us, I felt like a lion being tamed (no irony there).
“Again!” I yelled and I heard a few cheers for me, making it seem like no one has beat Jeremy. He yanked my raised arm throwing me to the ground and putting a knee on my chest. He was barely breaking a sweat, and here I was covered in it.
“Aren’t you done yet? I don’t know if I can be your trainer if you can’t even land one hit on me.” He mocked.
“I’m not done yet.” I panted. From the routine I did manage to see how he was doing the maneuvers. This time I raised my arm so he would think I was going to do the same thing again, but before he could grab my arm I dropped my right arm. At the same time I raised my left and grabbed his arm bringing it over my shoulder, flipping him just as he had done too many times to count. The look of hatred and disbelief was almost satisfying, but the way his eyes seemed to have no emotion unsettled me. He quickly knocked me off him and glared at me.
“Was that good enough for you?” I said more confidently than I felt.
“You’re a fast learner; I guess it won’t be too bad to be your trainer after all.” He said with a smile that said otherwise.
“You’re my trainer?” I asked with disbelief.
“Yes ma’am. Sensei specifically asked me in fact.”
“Great” I muttered.
We did multiple self-defense maneuvers, like attacks from behind to frontal assaults. I haven’t been so exhausted in my life, if I thought gymnastics was hard (which it is) this was worse. Maybe it was because it was Jeremy, and he was defiantly not the normal type of teacher. He wasn’t at all affected by hurting a girl, which I guess is fine by me ‘cause I don’t want to be treated like a piece of glass. A frail, and incapable girl, who can’t do anything without help is the exact type of girl I won’t become. My mom was fine by herself, and I will be too.
“We’re done for today, go to your next class, I’ll see you again in martial arts class” He said with an evil smile.
“Can’t wait.” I said with no emotion.
“Me either,” He said walking closer and whispered in my ear “It’s my specialty after all.” I watched him saunter off with his ice shield, as I glared fire at his back. I could practically feel myself bristling just like a cat would. And the irony sets in.
Five
As you can imagine, it was horrible. I haven’t been so sore or infuriated like I was from one person before. I walked into the dorm and was instantly surrounded by girls. I answered all their questions despite how unbearably exhausted I was. I told them that I was from here, I was supposedly a lion, but I haven’t transformed yet to know for sure and yes, this was my natural hair color. 
“Is it true you landed a hit on Jeremy?” Mai asked when the crowd dispersed. Alice was laughing at the whole thing, despite my glares at her.
“Once.” I clarified since all throughout martial arts class I was landing on my ass, and getting jabbed, punched, and kicked in every available area. He had no conscience, so that made the blows ten times worse than what other people were getting. Mr. Zander who was the teacher for that class just watched with curiosity, which I did not understand why.
“That’s more than anyone else has! That’s actually fighting seriously anyways.” She said excitedly and I just shrugged, wondering who would play fight with him. I told them I was going to take a shower and Alice laughed saying that this was only the beginning. I could hardly wait; then again I always was one for a challenge.
I woke up with warm ice packs from the night before for three months. I trained harder than I knew possible, and I was growing more and more comfortable around everyone. Well almost anyone. I was still having problems with Jeremy, but his strict tutoring has helped me learn a lot faster than other kids. Unfortunately I also had 16 years to make up for. I loved the self-defense class, and was finally able to knock Jeremy over more than once in a class period. He seemed to lose some of his ice exterior when I did; which was a big difference from before. Ice eyes that could kill are still his number one trait, but I was used to him glaring at me by now.
“Wake up!” I heard someone yell to close for comfort. I cracked open my eyes to see Alice and Mai on my bed leaning over me.
“I can’t get over how much I love this room!” Mai said bouncing on my stomach; she was so small it felt like a kitten. When I found out she was a black cat, it makes sense since she has the bright mischievous eyes, and short black hair. Alice on the other hand had long chestnut-brown hair, and warm brown eyes, perfect for a brown bear. 
I realized that I was the only one who hasn’t changed yet, but I wasn’t all that far behind. I had already felt my instincts in the back of my mind, a constant throbbing of things I should be aware of. I learned to rely on them since everything is not always as it seems; a life motto here.
“Yeah I like that there aren’t any people around.” I say while rolling my eyes. They both just smile and jump on me pinching my cheeks and petting my hair. I hissed, and they just bellowed with laughter.
“It’s just too easy to piss cats off.” Alice remarked shaking her head.
“I’m a lion,” I muttered.
“Same difference!” Mai chimed in.
“I’m pretty sure you are about the size of my foot… or paw.”
“Well since I haven’t changed yet, I guess we’ll never know!” She said with her cheeky smile. I bonked them on the head and stretched, getting out of my bed.
“You ready for your assessment?” Alice said after I changed and had a muffin in my hand.
“Not really, but I can’t get out of it, not even faking cramps works with him!” I yelled throwing my hands up.
“Well if it makes you feel better, he shows more emotion to you than anyone else, other than Lucas of course.” Alice said stealing a bite out of my muffin as we walked downstairs. 
I slapped her hand away when she reached for it again and said, “I still don’t understand their relationship.”
“No one does, except for them, I could say it’s a guy thing, but there’s something deeper than meets the eye.” Lucas was Jeremy’s best friend, only friend, almost like brothers. No one understands their relationship, and they seem just fine that way.
“Just like everything else in this school…” I muttered and they nodded their silent agreement.
“Well anyways; strong and swift, quiet and quick!” Mai said pumping her fist. I didn’t understand this either; it’s their way of encouraging people instead of saying ‘good luck’, its ‘strong and swift, quiet and quick’. In a way it does make me feel better though.
“Aw, you waited for me?” I asked sarcastically when I saw Jeremy with his arms crossed, feet shoulder-width apart, and grimace on his face. It was his usual stance every time he saw me. At least it wasn’t full-on hatred anymore. Lucas was behind him and I smiled and waved. I liked him ever since I met him. It was during my personal training, and I just got knocked flat on my butt, and I was in a particularly bad mood. So obviously I lashed out and Jeremy did the same back, we snarled at each other. That was the day that I saw what animal he was. A white tiger, the only one left in fact. His family was the last clan of white tigers, but I heard they all died in a slaughter by the hunters. That’s where his hatred comes from, and his revenge against them won’t end until they are all gone, every single one of them.
“Jeremy!” is what Lucas yelled out as he grabbed onto the tigers back. Jeremy was the only person who could change fully into an animal in our class. But I was the only one who hadn’t even had my claws come out yet. Jeremy slowly lowered himself to the ground and Lucas pets his head. I would literally get bit if I did that, but Jeremy remained passive. He slowly reverted to his human form and glared blue fire at me, a look that was even more fierce than normal.
“Sorry ‘bout that, he hasn’t learned how to control his temper yet.” Lucas said with an easy smile. I found myself almost smiling back into his angelic features. Light wavy blonde hair, and pretty light grey eyes. It should have only made sense that his animal was a panda.  I could almost see him eating bamboo and making it look normal. And besides me, there isn’t much that’s unusual here.
“Ready?” Lucas asked as I got myself out of my memory cloud.
“As I’ll ever be.” I replied drily. Lucas smiled and punched Jeremy’s arm giving him a look that only they, themselves could understand. Jeremy just snorted and said, “Don’t make me look bad.” Now it was my time to snort, and roll my eyes. We walked to the assessment hall, which was in the inside the school. The head master sat in the middle of the row of teachers behind a long table. The all had unreadable expressions, except for Mr. Z of course, he was smiling as usual.
“I hope you have trained her well Jeremy,” Headmaster said “After all this will determine if she can go on missions from now on.”
“Of course sir.” He said pinching me when I laughed under my breath.
“Now are you ready to show us what you have learned Lydia?” He asked turning to me. I stopped rubbing my arm and smiled.
“Definitely.” With that I launched my attack on Jeremy. I knew he would be disappointed in me if I didn’t give everything I had, so that’s what I did. 
I did a powerhouse kick to the side of his neck, which he neatly dodged. I knew it would be a lot harder beating him, since he literally taught me everything I knew about fighting. We went through a series of hits and kicks, showing that I would at least be able to defend myself against the hunters. He landed a hard kick to my stomach, which luckily was all healed and I stumbled backwards. He didn’t hesitate to charge again, and landed another blow to my leg making me fall to my knees. He seemed like he was a completely different person when he was fighting. He was strong and unbeatable, unbearably intimidating and unfortunately…really handsome. I shook my head of that thought and sprung off my hands onto my feet, swinging my leg around catching him off balance.
I took that split-second to knee his side, spin, and kick his other side. He flinched, giving me one more shot to knock him down. Unfortunately he knew that too, and as I came at him he did what I should have easily avoided. He grabbed my arm and I fly over his back landing on my back, knocking the breath out of me. I saw sparks fly in front of my vision and knew he would put the finishing blow on me if I didn’t do something. I waited half a second before rolling over onto my stomach and summersaulting forward. I whipped around to see him aiming for my pressure points, so I did exactly what he did to me. The classic self-defense moves of flipping them on their backs. He looked up at me with a smile; it was so close to a genuine smile that I completely lost my focus. His almost-smile then turned into a smirk that made me clear my mind, a little too late though.
He twisted my arms viciously behind my back, and knocked me down on my stomach, putting his knee on my back. I knew that one split-second of losing control caused me to lose. I could only blame myself I guess, because in that split-second I could have died. I almost gave into the mindset of giving up, but I realized that I had something he didn’t know about.
The element of surprise; he wouldn’t expect me to transform. What I haven’t told anyone was the fact that after being trained brutally and thoroughly one day, I was so pissed that he took his bad mood out on me that I lashed out; literally by slashing one of my t-shirts to shreds as I tried putting it on. 
I didn’t plan on transforming, but I really wasn’t on the same level as him, after all he has been on countless missions and could fully transform. I on the other hand only had 3 months. I willed my claws to unsheathe with desperation, anger, fear, the will to survive, and the courage to win.
“Give up.” He snarled in my ear, and I knew he really didn’t want me to succeed.
“You should know by now that I have never given up, and I don’t plan to start now.” I snarled right back.
With that being said I felt my claws powered by my will to overthrow him unsheathe themselves. He tensed and knew something was off, his keen sense of hearing should’ve recognized that sound anywhere. He released me a little too late and got cut across his stomach since I couldn’t move my arms anywhere else. I snapped up, all my senses heightened by the transformation. I took his confusion and surprise and used it against him by jumping up and hooking my knees on the tops of his shoulders and doing a back handspring launching him over me and landing harshly on the ground. I put my knee on his neck and held him down, showing that I had won.
The look of disbelief and anger was definitely there, but I was elated when I saw a small flicker of approval cross his face. 
“That’s good for now.” Headmaster said breaking the silence that stunned the room. I felt my claws retract as I helped Jeremy up. As I helped him up I realized how much damage I had done, and received. I had claw marks all up my arm, and across my stomach just like him. I didn’t even realize that he transformed as well, I was focused so much on the fight I didn’t even feel the pain. 
The look of approval was radiating off Mr. Zander and the rest of the teachers were stunned, but pleased. Headmaster looked happy on the outside, but there was sadness in his eyes that never seemed to leave.
“Our next part of the assessment was how much you could transform, but I suppose we just saw it,” One of the other teachers said “The last part of the assessment will be your ability to retreat.”  I thought the assessment was only my combat skills, but that obviously wasn’t the case.
“How can you test me on my ability to retreat?” I ask and I see Jeremy smile; now I know it can’t be good.
“You’ll find out soon enough.”
“I understand.”  I said before bowing to show my sarcasm (probably a bad idea) then walked out the door. I was worried that I may have gone too far, but then I heard a low rumble of chuckles and I let my breath out.
“I wouldn’t be relieved just yet Blondie.” A voice that I hated every time I heard it called out. I whipped around and glared at him.
“Just wait, once I’m done with assessment, then I will be done with you and your training from hell.” I said dripping resentment, but it was mostly frustration with the fact that I couldn’t prepare for the last part of the assessment. I had hoped today it would be all over, but now I have to be afraid something’s going to happen to me anytime, anywhere. 
“You wouldn’t have beaten me and passed any of the tests if it was anyone else, and you know it.”
“I don’t need to rely on anyone to help me here. I can pass the tests myself, no matter who my trainer is.” I retorted even though I knew he was partially right.
“Right, well I guarantee that if you had Lucas as your trainer, you wouldn’t have passed.”
“Oh and why is that?” I cross my arms to keep myself in check.
“He would go easy on you.” He said simply and I didn’t have a good response for that, because I really couldn’t see Lucas being very violent. He smirked and turned back around walking away, leaving me venting to myself all the way back to the dorm.
 “So how did it go?” Alice demanded as I walked through the doors and Mai hopped on my back, being small like a child had its advantages. I put my arms around her legs and carried her as I talked about the assessment. We got to their room (they’re roommates) and lied down on Mai’s bed. She flopped off my back and snuggled into her many stuffed animals. I gave her a lion one for her birthday last week. She said she would sleep with it every night; Alice got her candy that she did not need.
The way that we get supplies for ourselves is interesting. We have weekly trips to a secluded town that’s only occupied by Anima’s. We would never be able to escape there, with so much security and older people, but that didn’t stop them from watching our every movement.
No contact with my mother yet either, and I miss her like crazy, since it has always been us against the world. I also know that she wouldn’t want me to miss her, and take away from my experience here so I tried not to think about it too much.
“So you’re on the third part of the assessment, man that sucks.” Alice said messing with my hair as I lied down on her lap.
“Yeah” I say staring at the ceiling full of stars that glow in the dark. “I have no idea what to expect, so I guess I’m going to be paranoid for a while.”
“It’s not so bad, but then again I don’t know what the circumstances would be for you.” We pondered that for a while, and in the process ended up all falling asleep together.
I woke up every morning on edge, waiting for something to happen. I just wanted it to be over with; luckily my prayers were answered when I was on my way to shower after my extra training class. I was taking off my shirt in the locker room and was slammed into the locker. Pain shot through my shoulder and they aimed for my legs this time. I realized that they were only trying to immobilize me so that they could capture me. Hunters were known not for just killing Animas, but for capturing and torturing them until you gave them the information they wanted. I learned that in my anima history class. My first instinct (like all other animas) was to fight back, but another animal instinct is the power to predict. I knew this was a test, but also judging from the ability and build of the offender, I wouldn’t be able to beat them.
I jumped onto the bench to avoid getting hit and vaulted over the offender. I heard them behind me, so I knew this must be the last part of the retreat assessment. I left my bag there, so hopefully they don’t like sweaty sports bras and wet towel. That made me realize I was only wearing my sports bra, and sweatpants. I have only been here for a little over three months, so I didn’t know that layout as well as someone who has been here since they were little. If you showed signs of being an Anima, then you were taken here right away. Which could be from the age of 6 is the youngest one that’s come here. So there is a little problem with me being hidden away until 16, that’s when most people have already transformed almost completely. I could only get my claws and ears to pop out; the ears took some time to get used to seeing on my head though.
I ran left towards the girls’ dorm since I knew the layout better and remembered my balcony, and the way to get there. I ran to the east side, which was luckily closest to the training building where I take my fighting classes. 
I counted the floors; saw the balcony concealed behind a tree and vines climbing up the side to the 3rd floor. The footsteps were a steady heartbeat following me, that threatening presence always one step behind you. I ran full speed at the tree grabbing onto the lowest branch, and swinging myself onto it. I knew my strength against an older male with a bulkier build would be my agility and flexibility. Once I climbed up a couple more branches I crawled out to the edge and grabbed onto the vines on the wall. I got some cuts and bruises in the process, but I didn’t pay attention to them as I worked my way up. I heard the pursuer struggling to climb up as fast as I did, so I took the chance to vault over the stone railing of my balcony and hide in the shadow casted from the tree. Pressing myself as far away as I could get, I watched with cat-like eyes. 
The guy in black may have seen the balcony, or he may not have. I couldn’t tell because he kept climbing, but one thing I learned about retreat was that until you have no doubt that they are gone. He was still too close for comfort, so I waited him out. I waited until I heard him climb back down and race towards the boys’ dorms, so I could assume that it was a student. What grade was a mystery though, hopefully he was older than me so I could be proud of my escape.
Once I slowly came out of hiding I climbed back down and walked around to the front doors and walked in stretching.
“I need food!” I yelled to nobody in particular and I heard laughing in the kitchen so I went to investigate. The girls were baking all different kinds of things, brownies, cupcakes, cookies and everything else that would go straight to my thighs.
“You also need a shirt.” Mai said giggling. I blushed and grabbed the t-shirt she was holding out.
“Here!”  Lilly said shoving a strawberry cupcake with pink frosting in my face.
“Thanks,” I laughed as I licked frosting from my nose “What’s all this stuff for?”
“Someone passed a certain test, so they are on desperate need of sugar!” Alice said shoving some fudge in my mouth.
“That literally happened less than 30 minutes ago, and you already have cupcakes baked?” I asked lifting one eyebrow.
“Yup, news travels fast around here, something a newbie like you wouldn’t know!” Mai teased sticking her tongue out. I took some of the frosting off my cupcake and smeared it across her face and she squealed running behind Lilly and Alice. Lilly was one of my newer friends who were shy at first, but slowly warmed up and was now a bright flower. (Just as her names implies)
“Apparently.” I mused licking my lips right before Sophia came, cramming a flower-shaped cookie into my mouth.
“It’s good right?” She exclaims throwing flour in the air and turning around in circles. We all laughed, and then coughed from the flour everywhere. The sweets war was just as fun as actually eating them. There was sugar everywhere, flour and eggs in our hair, and frosting smeared across our faces. We all at least had our uniforms off, so it was just our comfortable clothes getting ruined.
“Anyone else need multiple showers?” I asked after we finally cleaned everything up.
“Me!” They chorused and we all laughed and started walking back to our dorms when Alice snickered.
“Aw crap, we know that look.” Lilly commented from beside me, and we all looked back at Alice.
“What do you have in mind?” I asked feeling my own evil side sparking.
“Follow me.” She said running out the main doors. 
We all felt the rush of cool, now autumn air surrounding us. The excited murmurs and giggles sounding throughout the dark night, illuminated by the bright full moon was one of the best moments I’ve had since I came here.
“Strong and swift, quiet and quick!” Alice yelled as she led us past the school and towards the guys’ dorm. I knew this was a bad idea, but was too excited and curious to care. We skirted the side of the building and headed to the back. We heard voices and instantly crouched low in the shadows. Two guys laughing and wrestling each other entered the doors in the back. After they were inside Alice at the front signaled us with her hand to continue forward. Of course the girls’ entire dorm was hard to hide, but we also all have enhanced senses, making us all the more threatening.
“Almost there.” Everyone was whispering as we started on a dirt path surrounded by towering trees. We ran soundlessly, never losing sight of each other in case something unexpected happened.
“Right up ahead!” Alice said a little above a whisper, but with our hearing, that’s all we needed. We all anxiously looked forward and sucked in our breath, stopping simultaneously when we reached the top of the hill.
The bright white moon reflected off the surface of the clearest water I have ever seen in my life. Beautiful unnamed flowers were glowing from an unknown source, and fireflies illuminating every available surface. It was something out of a fantasy book.
“This is incredible!” I exclaimed running forward a little bit, meeting up with Alice.
“This isn’t even the best part!” She said with a wink and started pulling off her clothes. We all stared open-eyed, wondering if it was a sin to swim in such an angelic pond. I suppose it was too big to be considered a pond, but either way, I felt pure just looking at it. Willow trees that looked like they came straight out of a fairytale protectively surrounded it. They were overhanging the pond, tendrils touching the pond creating soft ripples and butterflies that aren’t meant to be here flew away to avoid getting wet. We all walked forward slowly, staring to see if it was an illusion. Once we deemed it wasn’t a dream, we all wanted to be the first ones in it. Sugarcoated clothes then littered the glittering grass. 
After all of us were stripped down to our underwear, we dove in. I waited until everyone else was in, splashing water at each other before walking slowly to the edge. I wondered how such a place could exist in the midst of hell, or what everyone else referred to it as. I hadn’t quite gotten the concept yet, besides not having any contact with the “outside world”. 
As I walked, the glowing flowers seemed to open up as I passed them, making a path of beautiful soft white lights. I dipped my toe in the water; watching the ripples spread outward disappearing just as fast as it was created. I walked into the water war and went under, opening my eyes. The cool water washed over me and clearing my thoughts, I didn’t realize how much stress and pressure was on me until I felt 20 pounds lighter. I came up with a gasp, and even with all the laughing and shrieks I could hear a distinct difference in voices. I tried to seem as natural as possible as I got out of the water. I shook my hair out, wavy-golden hair falling down my back in ripples. I didn’t realize how long my hair had gotten until now, at least 3 inches. Things change I guess, and so did the sound of voices that abruptly stopped. That’s when I knew we weren’t alone.
I walked nonchalantly, yet purposefully to where all our clothes lay spewed across the ground. I picked up my dirty t-shirt and put it over my soaking sports bra, looking for my sweats was futile, so I just wore my spandex. It was as good as it was going to get, so with that I walked discreetly back the way we came. A leaf crunched, a twig snapped and my eyes darted to where the sound came from.
“Aren’t you supposed to be a cat?” Someone said from behind. I didn’t have any reaction time before being pinned against the nearest tree, their arm across my neck. I took the arm I already know it belonged to and flipped him over my shoulder.
“Your point?” I ask Jeremy as I looked down on him, with my knee on his chest.
“I thought cats were afraid of water,” He replied lifting an eyebrow as I let him up.
“You seem fine when you get wet, so it must not apply to all cats.” I teased shaking my hair in his face. He shook the water off his face, and stared blankly back. I have seen him transform before, yet not when he should have.
 I suddenly thought about my assessment, and how could I have possibly beaten him if he could fully transform. I felt my anger burning.
Jeremy didn’t answer; he just gave a non-committal shrug, and that was my answer. A shield seemed to form over his eyes, and he became distant, throwing up a wall. Right then I decided every time he threw up a wall, I was going to tear it down. Why? I’m not quite sure of that myself.
Six
The next day was as eventful as you might have imagined. The news of the new transfer student who learned to transform in a record time of 3 months spread like wildfire. I ignored the stares that I thought had finally stopped and walked to my “Special” class. I found out that it was a class for people who couldn’t control their transformations or couldn’t transform at all. So I was just another piece of gum in this pack of freaks, yet I loved them all. I felt most comfortable here, not worrying about if I was good enough, or how many people watched me with suspicion.
“Yo beast, we’re makin’ ramen, want some?” Brody called out to me waving packets of ramen in the air. I laughed, threw my backpack down on a desk, and walked over to where they brought in a hotplate, a pot from one of the cooking classes and chopsticks.
“You know I hate it when you call me that right?”  I said grabbing a chicken flavored one and ripping it open. I broke off a piece of the uncooked ramen and popped it in my mouth.
“Yes, and you know I hate it when you eat ramen uncooked!” He said snatching the packet from my hands. I pouted and tried to grab it from him. He was taller and stronger so I couldn’t get it back unless I used force. I tackled him, making sure to keep the ramen intact and put my knee on his chest keeping him in place as I ate more uncooked ramen in front of him. He was about to push me off when I unsheathed my claws on command; something I’ve been perfecting since my assessment last week. I already found out from Mr. Zander that I was qualified to do C class missions.
The mission classes went from “D class”, “C class”, “B class”, “A class”, and “S class”, which means superior. It was very rare that kids go on S class missions; it was mostly the teachers that did them. Most people have done a D class mission by now, which is with two supervisors and usually another couple of kids. C class is you, a few other kids, and one supervisor, B class is just you and a supervisor and “A class” missions are just you and another top student. S class missions are done completely by you and you alone. You do have to do a write-up of your mission, (if you survive) and turn it in to the school though.
“Yeah, I know you think you’re top shit ‘cause you can flash out your claws whenever you want, but don’t get too full of yourself just yet.” He said snatching the ramen and knocking me off him anyways. I wasn’t really going to use my claws on him, and he knew it, giving him the advantage once again.
“Well maybe if you actually wanted to transform, you could use your claws!” I retorted as he put the ramen into the now boiling water.
“I’m pretty sure my animal will be as pathetic as my parents.” He replies bluntly and I had to agree that squirrel was cute, but not very vicious.
“Not unless you have rabies.” I offered and he rolled his eyes.
“Yeah, well you don’t see any squirrels or other small animals doing an A or S class missions.”
“Maybe that’s because none of you little animals have tried.”
We all thought that over as we ate our ramen straight from the stolen pot with our chopsticks.
“Ready?” Mr. Zander asked as I hiked my backpack higher up.
“As I’ll ever be.” I replied not showing how nervous I actually was. The supervisor was obviously the one and only Mr. Z, who always seemed to be there when I needed him. The other kids in the group besides me were Mai, Lilly, and Sophia. The number of kids in the group had to be an even number, so you could pair up, but the total amount of people differed depending on the assignment. This one is a body-guarding mission; we will be guarding a group of athletes from some other country. We have connections all over the world, with higher-ups and in general. And they know that if they want the job done to the best ability, they should choose the best. In other words, choose someone who can take a bullet and hopefully survive (if it comes to that). We all had to wear simple white shirt, black pants, and black jacket, standard body guarding clothes.
“Good then remember who you are in charge of.” He said meaning that our partner was, besides the obvious group of athletes. Apparently they were in the Olympics, and considering that I’m an avid Olympics watcher, and didn’t recognize their names meant they must be really new.
“Or since they’re from another country, they may not have shown them to the Americans.” Lilly muttered under her breath when I said my thought out loud. I rolled my eyes at her, and opened the door to the sleek black van we would be following them in.
“Why are we guarding them again?” I whisper to Mr. Zander as we wait for the athletes to show up.
“Weren’t you listening at the meeting?” He asked incredulously but answered his own question when he saw my guilty look. He sighed heavily and continued, “Never mind, but these athletes are said to be the next superstars or something, and they’ve been attacked before, by people who were “not human”. With that said, you can assume that when top athletes are being outran by kids your age that we may have to intervene.”
“So our real purpose is to catch the kids who ‘attacked’ them?” I finished for him.
“Exactly, the hunters tend to abduct kids with our abilities and raise them to use against us, usually when they are children, but some have been known to voluntarily go with them.”
“So could there be a double agent in our school right now?” I ask feeling a little anxious.
“Of course not.” He says a little too reassuringly and bluntly that I knew he was lying. It set me on edge, but I couldn’t think about it long before the athletes came out of their hotel and a crowd suddenly appeared around them, cheering like fan girls. Understandably by how good-looking they were.
“If that isn’t suspicious enough…” I mutter to myself as Mr. Z jumps into action. I always thought he was a silly teacher who acted too young for his age, but at this moment he almost seemed cool. He spread his arms out in front of them and spoke quickly, yet purposefully into his earpiece. I knew he must have been taking note of anything suspicious, or character descriptions. When he was close enough, the rest of the group did as he did. They have all done a body-guarding mission, but obviously this was my first time.
“L, watch the man in the hat to your left.” Mai whispered fiercely through my earpiece. She was my partner for this mission, and also on the opposite side of the athletes, making it harder to keep tabs on her. I snapped my attention to the man with the black hat pushing too hard for me to feel comfortable.
“Sign please!” The man said in a voice that didn’t seem to match his body. I tried to position myself in front of him but then he pushed. The force he used seemed too powerful for me to take him lightly. The athlete turned his head towards the man and reached for the pen and paper.
I saw the flash, and flew into action, but not as fast as I needed to be. I threw myself in front of him as he slashed the knife, catching my arm. I hadn’t learned any maneuvers with weapons, and was mad that I couldn’t disarm him the right way. So I did what we were meant to do, which was using our body as a human shield.
“L!” Mai yelled, and I was surprised by how strong and powerful her voice sounded. It showed me just how much people can change when they are outside of the Academy. The cute little girl became a fierce warrior and the childish teacher, a badass. I wondered if I was any different, or if I just stayed the way I was before I even got here. I’d like to think I did, but not enough to make a difference.
“I’m fine,” I said through my teeth, even though we healed fast doesn’t mean that it didn’t hurt in the process.
“I’ll take care of him L; just get them into the van.” Mr. Z said shoving me back as he chased after the attacker. I knew we could be fast, but not as fast as he seemed to be going.
“What’s wrong with you?” Sophia yelled in my ear when I didn’t move, still grabbing my       arm, not sure that the bleeding had stopped yet. “They come first!” That same saying that was taught for times like these was finally starting to make sense as I saw blood run down my arm.
“I’m coming.” I say in a dead voice, remembering that we really aren’t supposed to show emotions during assignments. As the athletes were frightened and yelling about what was happening Lilly, Mai, Sophia and I shuffled them into the awaiting van, which Mr. Z was now in the driver’s seat. I should’ve known catching a guy like that would be easy for him.
“Drive.” Sophia commanded as I slammed the door shut behind me. We answered all the questions they asked, besides the obvious “we’re not human like you” bit.
“You’re safe now, and that’s all that matters.” Lilly said in a soft, yet assertive voice.
I replayed the events in my head all that night when I was in my bad with my arms behind my head. We got back to the Academy after getting the athletes safely to their next stop and relayed what happened to Headmaster. He didn’t seem surprised, but his brow furrowed when he heard about me getting injured. I knew he would be upset knowing that I almost ruined the whole mission by one of the athletes almost getting hurt. Or worse, exposing what we could do, since I haven’t learned to really control my changes.
“They should have thought they were safe at all times, and that it was just standard procedure, but you blew that up by not being alert enough.” Mr. Zander scolded when the rest of the team were dismissed. They all sent me worried looks as they left the room, but I pretended not to notice. “And if that wasn’t bad enough, you didn’t even disarm the guy! I had to!”
“Yeah, well I don’t see why we had to protect some hot-shots anyways.” I muttered, knowing it didn’t matter what the assignment was. We do what we’re told to, and what we get paid for, which is for us to use our bodies and abilities for other people’s personal uses.
“Don’t start Lydia. I thought you understood the fact that you failed this assignment. Do you expect us to let you go on another mission when you couldn’t even disarm one guy?”
“I didn’t learn how to do that yet, in case you haven’t noticed, I have been here for less than 6 months!” I protested.
“The point was that you had to be ready for anything, and you didn’t even try and get rid of the weapon, you just stood there holding your arm. You know by now that our bodies don’t matter, but theirs do.”
“Why?” I burst out “Why in the hell do we have to sacrifice ourselves, when if anything we are superior!”
“Because that’s not how it works unfortunately.” He said in a slightly softer voice. He sat down in the armchair next to mine and ran his hands through his black hair, grey eyes sad as ever.
“When did we start becoming slaves for humans?” I ask in almost a whisper, not wanting to know the answer.
“We are not slaves, but who would accept us? This is the only way we can be out in the world, unless you would prefer to stay here?” He asked lifting an eyebrow. “After the White War, this was our only option to be in public.”
“The White War…I know I learned about that in history, but all they said was that it was the slaughter of Animas. Just like in Salem, we were seen as evil, and still are apparently.”
“It goes a little deeper than that-”
“Doesn’t it always…” I muttered.
“Kind of,” He agreed with a slight smile, “Either way it’s that’s how things are, and the way they have to be to have as much peace as possible.”
“I don’t think that’s a good enough explanation, things should change.” I said standing up, getting defensive for the race that I had only just learned existed.
“Well if you come up with a solution, let me know.” He said dismissing me as he stood up, holding the door open for me.
Trying to sleep was pointless, so I did what every other cat did, and went to look for food. Walking downstairs, I decided that our kitchen was too close, so I walked out the front door. The wind was blowing a soft summer breeze, and I realized spring was over, and I had spent most of it here. It seemed like I was just talking with my mother about what to have for supper after practice. I felt walls closing in, threatening to crush me, and suck the breath out of me at the thought that I didn’t know if I would ever even see her again. Everything that’s happened so far seems like a waste if I can’t be with my only family left.
I thought about my dad, who wasn’t even around when I was born, the same guy who probably didn’t even know I was alive. He must have done something horrible for my mom to have to run away in the middle of the night, escaping a place that wasn’t supposed to be escaped from. So I started running, to break free of the walls, the people, the air itself. I needed to escape it, so I did it the only way I knew how, which was to run; as fast as my legs would take me, as fast as my mind could keep up with it. I kept going, until my lungs couldn’t take anymore. I looked up panting, realizing that I ended up running to the boys’ dorm. Or more specifically the forest path behind it, and I started walking, called by the pool at the end of it.
I reached the other side in the blink of an eye, I didn’t even know how I got here, and not even being aware that I was being followed either. I jumped into the nearest tree and kept climbing until I had a good advantage point. Then he walked into view, the one who I needed to beat at any cost.
“Come out kitty, kitty!” Jeremy called softly, and I knew I wasn’t going to be able to get away without him noticing. I at least had the element of surprise and jumped soundlessly from my hiding spot and landed on his back, knocking him to the ground.
“Oof, I didn’t realize cats could be this heavy.” He said from under me.
“My bad, I seemed to have gained weight since meeting you.” I said rolling my eyes, standing up and dusting of leaves and dirt from my sweaty clothes.
“If anything, that means I should be working you harder, because you should be skin and bones by the time I’m done with you.” He stood up and stretched, shaking his hair, dislodging the twigs and dirt from his hair. I swatted at his hair knocking the leaves, and more dirt out. He caught my hand and glared at me, but there was more than annoyance in his eyes. One of his walls was up again, and I had no idea why, but his hand was shaking slightly.
“What? You had crap in your hair.” I said snatching my hand from his grasp.
“And whose fault is that I wonder?” He replied dryly, wall slipping slightly.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m sorry okay?” I said putting my hands together like I was praying. He rolled his eyes and gestured to the pool.
“Aren’t you goin’ in? He asked, starting to take off his shirt. I looked away and was tempted, but I wasn’t going to let myself have any fun until nobody could top me. Until I can beat him, and protect anyone I have to, until I am on S class missions and the best there is. I felt my resolution set in, and he must have sensed it, because he just shrugged and turned towards the pool. I also turned around with fire in my eyes, and a smile making its way on my face.
I ran back down the path, feeling better than ever. So much happened in such a short period of time and almost none of it was good. I still missed my home, my mom, and my old life, but at least I had a purpose here.
I made it back to the girls’ dorm, covered in double the amount of sweat from when I left, but also more refreshed than I had been before. Climbing up the stairs to my room, I felt my smile slowly disappear, and a firm goal take its place. If anyone was going to beat Jeremy, it may as well be the one that he trained.
After I took my shower, toweled my hair dry, and put shorts and a t-shirt on, I found myself in the deepest sleep I’ve had since I got here, and all I could think of was the smile Jeremy had on his face before he turned around towards the pool. His smile fueled my determination.
Seven
All day, I would have the same routine, all my classes, plus training with Jeremy, then straight to my personal training after that. I went to bed around 3 A.M. and woke up again around 7A.M. I didn’t need sleep though, I needed more experience, but seeing how they don’t trust my ‘instinct’ I didn’t think I would be going on a mission again for a while. It’s not like instinct is something you can really improve, but that didn’t stop me from trying.
“Harder!” Jeremy yelled as I kicked the punching bag, during our training session.
I jumped and swung my leg around, giving it a good roundhouse kick, knocking Jeremy back a little.
“Better?” I asked with a smirk, but he just shook his head, igniting my temper which was getting easier and easier to lose control of.
“Not even close. If that were a real hunter, they would’ve been able to counter it.”
“How would they be able to counter that?” I exclaimed feeling that I had to know everything about them.
“Try it on me.” He said slapping his chest. I shrugged and went at it. I jumped, swinging my leg as hard and fast as I could, so he wouldn’t be able to simply block it. Unfortunately I forgot that he taught me, meaning he already knew how to defend every move he used. He grabbed my leg, twisted in and made me eat mat. I groaned at the bruise I knew was coming on, and quick. Funny thing was that even with my healing abilities, bruises went away slower, and broken bones, we haven’t figured out what happens with that yet. Mr. Z was using me as a test subject by making me show him wounds, and how fast they healed. I did have a scar from the bullet wound, but even the scars go away after a while, the worse the injury, the longer the scar lasted. Bruises I guess my body didn’t find important enough, so they healed only about a little faster than normal. The ‘normal’ standards here are a little higher than usual though.
“Alright, so why did I learn this, if they can just counter it?” I asked getting up again.
“It’s a good move to know, especially if you want to disarm someone.” He said giving me a meaningful look and I averted my eyes. “It’s also a good move if you learn how to use it in combos, making it so that they don’t know what comes next. For example…” He jumped, doing the same move to me. I blocked it just as he did, but as I tried to twist leg behind him, he tucked into a ball and summersaulted. It caused me to lose my grip on his leg and made me jerk forward making me fall on top of him. He laughed and I was too startled by the sound of his laugh, that I couldn’t make my body move.
“That’s one way to try and stop a hunter from killing you.” He said still crouched, in perfect form under my not so perfect-formed body. When I still didn’t move, he knocked me sideways, snapping me back into reality.
“Well it was worth a try.” I said wryly, and expected him to laugh again but once was all I was going to get as I looked in his icy eyes. They were once again clouded with a stonewall that refused to move. “We’re done today.” He said as cold as when he first met me. I was so proud that I’d knocked down a wall, but didn’t seem to realize that one step forward could mean 3 steps back.
“Aren’t you going to eat supper Lydia?” Alice asked snatching the plate that was meant for me from Mai, who was ready to stab her fork into. You can’t keep her away from fish ironically.
“I’m good! I’ll eat after practice.” I said over my shoulder, running out the door. I didn’t miss the worried glances all the girls gave each other, but I ignored it. Running to the training hall, gym bag in hand I was determined to knock Jeremy flat on his ass.
“You’re late, hurry up.” He said throwing me pads.
“What’s this for? My body is one big block of padding, why do I need these?” he glared at that comment, and I knew I said something wrong, but didn’t know why. I knew I was in for a long practice now.
As I suspected, I got thrown down on my ass more times than I could count. I felt like everything I had learned was worthless by the sheer force of me hitting the ground. If the bruise from yesterday was bad, today was going to be 10 times worse. Finally, I snapped.
“What the hell is this?” I yelled after being slammed to the ground with extra vigor. “Is this revenge for having to train me? Why do I have to be your stress reliever? If you don’t want to train me then don’t! I’m sure they can find someone else or better yet nobody at all!”
“You think you could learn how to stop a hunter by teaching yourself, who has never even encountered a hunter before?” He said with a cold sneer.
“I already have!” I said defensively.
“And if you remember the outcome of that, you were shot, and almost died.” He lifted an eyebrow, asking me to challenge it. I grit my teeth and ran at him in a flash of hot anger.
“Too slow.” He said before I even tried to hit him. Every swing I took, he dodged just as effortlessly. I now knew what he was trying to do and I felt stupid for falling right into it. Good thing was that I could still pretend I was angry with him.
“Is that all?” He taunted as I feigned to the left, then did a right uppercut. He was mildly surprised, but that was all I needed. I shoved my shoulder into his stomach, knocking him backwards. I jumped instantly with a roundhouse kick to his shoulder, then as I suspected he reached for his shoulder where I hit him. I smiled and swung my leg around again knocking him to his knees. Then I went for the kill; I rushed forward about to knock him onto his back, but he’s my rival for a reason. As soon as I was about to ram him down with my shoulder he grabbed my shoulders and pinned me.
“Damn…” I muttered knowing I lost this one, not that I had too much hope of winning in the first place.
“Better.” Was all he said grabbing my arm and pulling me up.
“Not good enough.” 
“Do you want it to compare to before?” He asked lifting an eyebrow.
“Actually, yes since you were going harder on me before.” I said sticking my tongue out.
“I’m not going easy on you if that’s what you’re trying to say.” He said once again not knowing how to take a joke.
“Fine, if you want to get serious. Then tell me why you didn’t go all out on my assessment.” I crossed my arms for emphasis that I planned on getting an answer.
“You think you would’ve won if I hadn’t?” asked Jeremy running a hand through his shiny black hair, sticking up from the sweat.
“Well, that is-” I fell silent realizing I was really mad that I didn’t pass the same way as everyone else.
“Exactly, unless you can prove it now, then be my guest.” He spread his arms wide. I wanted to take the invitation; I even took a step forward, but realized I wouldn’t be able to win anyways. I glared at him instead. “See it now?”
“Just wait,” I said fire in my eyes once again, “If anyone thought I was training hard before, they haven’t seen anything yet.” And with that I turned around grabbing my gym bag, and water bottle pouring it over my head and back. It was raining outside, which felt even better.
“For a cat, you sure do love water.” Someone commented from behind me. I turned around and saw Lucas with an umbrella.
“Yeah, I’m a freak, but then again so are you and everyone else here.” I remarked with a smirk.
“Touché, but we tend to act more the animals we are.” He said trying to be witty. I lifted an eyebrow questioning that statement. “Wow that did sound worse out loud, than in my head.”
“You’re too nice to be sassy.” I said with a smile.
“What makes me nice?” He asked laughing.
“You put up with Jeremy every day, and you’ve been doing that since how long?”
“Childhood friends.” He clarified, but he didn’t go any deeper, which confirmed that there was more to it. I didn’t push, and he didn’t tell.
I felt the soft breeze of early autumn, a month or so had passed since I started my brutal training sessions with Jeremy after my mess-up on the mission.
“Faster!” He yelled and blew his whistle.
“I swear I’m going to take that damn whistle and blow it up!” I yelled back. We were doing sprints, and I was already faster than the average, but I guess with hunters since they were so good at tracking, you had to run faster than humanly possible. Also not making prints as you ran, and signs that you were there. I also learned how to throw them off my trail, which was fun training for (not).
“Shut up and run!” He yelled back.
“Why don’t you run?”
“I’ve already had to do this!”
“Was it with a trainer like you?”
“No, it with a trainer worse than me!”
“Who could be worse than you?” I snapped.
“You haven’t seen worse until you catch up for all the years you missed!”  Jeremy said, knowing that was a weak point. I literally had to bite my tongue to make sure I didn’t say anything that I would regret. I put on my pads, because my elbows and knees were already so bruised and full of cuts that healed everyday just to come back the next day.
“Climb the nearest tree and travel from there; they won’t be able to track you as well when you don’t leave footprints.” This is the sentence he said that started the demolition of my body. I didn’t realize how many trees had sharp braches jutting out until I cut myself on all of them.
“Alright, I have a mission today, so we have to end early.” Jeremy called out as I just got done falling after slipping on the wet ground. It was always raining now for some reason.
“Is that bad for me or for you?” I ask holding my butt where I fell on a particularly sharp rock.
“Both; you are my stress outlet and punching bag, and you need all the help you can get! So stop complaining, it’s a win-win.” He smirked.
“Well at least you’re honest about it, no point in pretending you’re not enjoying this.”
“Exactly, so clean up, you look like hell and we’ll be back in the training hall tomorrow.
“Thank goodness!” I yell throwing my hands up that we wouldn’t be outside in the wet, nasty weather, falling down more than I did inside (and that was a lot).
“Don’t be too happy since we had to cut out some time today, you will be making it up tomorrow.”
“FML.” I said smacking my head against an imaginary wall. He snickered and walked away. I found out that he loosened up most when I was in pain -caused by either him or myself- and when I was being weird and/or stupid.
“Have fun.” He called back over his shoulder.
“Not likely.” I muttered, knowing he heard it when he snickered. I really hated Anima abilities sometimes.
I didn’t end up taking my shower though, because I had extra practice to do as always, running through all the things Jeremy and my classes. I didn’t really have many people to practice with, since they were all already on their own missions, and training themselves. Taking down a hunter is an honor I guess, and they all get really excited about it. I technically didn’t beat the guy in the alleyway, so I had yet to really fight one.
An ice bath was next, the bruises hurt less when I iced my body until I was numb. I didn’t eat much, and when I did it was only healthy, filling foods. Everyone kept telling me to take it easy, that the first mission isn’t a big deal anyways. The thing was, I wasn’t as upset about that as much now, but my newer determination came from a source that wouldn’t burn out; Jeremy.
“Why do people act like the hunters control us?” I asked one day during training. Jeremy couldn’t stop talking about how we had to be perfect, or else be killed.
“What kind of question is that?” He asked with a sudden ferocity.
“A valid one? From what I have seen, we are the ones with the better abilities, yet we are training our whole lives just to get rid of them.”
“They deserve to die, that’s why.” He said like there wasn’t any question about it. It was one of those few times where I was actually afraid of him.
“What did they do?” I ask in a softer voice.
“Nothing, training’s over for today.” And that was how our conversation ended, even though we weren’t even halfway done with our training session. I knew I hit a nerve, and since curiosity killed the cat, I decided to find out what really happened from another reliable source.
Normally I would just ask Alice, who seems to know everything about the school, and the people in it, but she said the one exception was Jeremy. So I went to the one closest to him; Lucas.
“What happened to Jeremy to make him hate the hunters so much?” I ask bluntly after sitting down on a bench outside of the boys’ dorm next to him as he read a book. He shut the book slowly and looked at me, sadness in his eyes.
“How did you know anything happened at all?” He asked quietly.
“So something for sure happened then.” I said more to myself than anything.
“Yes, and it’s something he doesn’t talk about, even between us two.”
“Is it that bad?” I ask getting more nervous and worried to hear the answer.
“Has Jeremy ever mentioned his family to you?” Lucas asked seriously.
“Not really, all I heard was that he had a sister, and his mom and dad why?”
“Well even knowing that much is more than most. Did you notice that it is always said in past tense?”
“So that means…” I asked prompting him.
“He killed his parents, and his brother and sister.” He said without any emotion, as if he as there when everything happened.
“What do you mean?” I asked in an almost inaudible voice.
“Well that’s what he says anyways,” Lucas said snapping out of his weird trance. “I have tried to convince him otherwise, but he never listens, and shuts down.” When I didn’t respond he continued “He was really close with his sister Heather, even though she was older than him. They lost the oldest brother to a car accident earlier that year, that’s why nobody knows about him here.”
“How old was he?” I ask in a whisper.
“5-years-old, he just stared kindergarten, and he was on his way to school, with his big brother who was 11. His sister was 9 and sick that day, which was probably for the best. Jeremy was running across the street, excited to go to school, but didn’t see the drunk driver who was speeding straight towards him. His older brother Alex did though. He ran towards the Jeremy and grabbed him from behind. The car hit them both, but Jeremy was the only one that lived.” Lucas paused letting everything sink in and continued again. “He said he was in the arms of his brother as he died and do you want to know what Alex’s last words were?”
“What…” I ask not even afraid of letting my voice crack.
“He said that Jeremy wasn’t ready to die yet, he had a future that required sacrifices.”
“What was that supposed to mean?”
“Well even now we aren’t too sure about that, but we do know that it has to do with the hunters, and the fact that he was the only child that became an Anima.”
“I thought everyone automatically became what their parents were.”
“That’s in most cases, but it can happen if the child isn’t strong enough to handle the ability, or if the traits just don’t pass on.”
“I don’t get how only 1 out of 3 children became an Anima. So did everyone in the family know he was one and that’s why they said he was special?”
“They must have. But that wasn’t the only incident that happened.”
“What else needs to happen to him, hasn’t he been through enough?” I said in a voice that didn’t even sound like mine.
“Apparently not,” He responded in a sad voice “Because later that year he lost everyone else in his family.”
I couldn’t respond. I just felt tears that I haven’t let out until I said goodbye to my mom stinging my eyes.
“It was at night, and Jeremy’s parents were cleaning up in the kitchen, and his sister Heather was putting him to bed. She was like his parents and siblings all in one.”
“Why did she have to be his parents too?”
“They kind of detached themselves when Alex died, and Jeremy thinks that they were blaming him for Alex’s death.”
“How could they think that?” I yelled in frustration.
“I don’t know, but they didn’t feel all there, and Heather felt it too I guess, so she decided to fill the hole they left in him.”
“That’s horrible.” I said letting a tear of helplessness fall.
“Well anyways, there was knocking at the door and the parents said they would get it. When they heard gunshots, Heather knew they were Hunters. His parents fought back; they were Anima’s after all, and some of the best, but hunters raided the house. What’s weird was the fact that the leader of the Hunters was the one leading the raid.”
“What’s so weird about that?”
“Well it’s like in a monarchy, the leader is the brains behind the operation, but never does the dirty work himself even though he’s the strongest one out there.”
“What’s the point of being leader if you aren’t on the front lines?” I ask think that a leader is supposed to be that symbol everyone looks up to and gains courage.
“They couldn’t risk losing the leader, or everyone would be in chaos, the leader didn’t have an heir, so there wasn’t anyone to take his place.”
“Does it have to be someone related to him?”
“That’s the way it’s been for a long time I guess, but there is a rumor.” He said just like a gossiping mother would and beckoned me to get closer. I wiped my extra tears and leaned in closer. He whispered in my ear “Some say that he has a lost heir, and he goes to this school.” He laughed, but I still felt anxious from hearing it.
“Does anyone know who it might be?” I asked eagerly and he burst out laughing.
“Anyone ever tell you curiosity killed the cat?”
“Many times,” I crossed my arms leaning back “And it’s not funny, I just like knowing things!”
“Yeah, okay now back to Jeremy.” Lucas said leaning against the bench, watching a bird fly away.
“What about me?” Jeremy said out of nowhere, making both of us jump sky high.
“Always so sneaky Blackie.” Lucas said with ease, and I smiled to see how close they were, although I’m not sure where “Blackie” came from.
“If you want to know the rest of the story, follow me.” Jeremy said turning around without missing a beat and started walking towards his dorm.
“I can’t go in there.” I said to Lucas in a rushed whisper.
“Oh it’s fine,” He said standing up and turned his head around “As long as you don’t get caught.” He winked and kept walking to who knows where. I rolled my eyes and got up before I lost sight of Jeremy. I caught up with him, and he handed me a hat from nowhere and told me to shove my hair it.
“Do I need to remind you that I still look like a girl?” I said shoving my long braid into the hat. He raised an eyebrow and I looked down, sweatpants and a t-shirt.
“Yes.” He said bluntly, pushed my hat down farther and kept walking with his confident stride. “Plus as long as you’re by me nobody will bother you.” I know it was supposed to sound like a good thing, but if you knew him you would know that’s not how he intended it.
“What a badass.” I muttered, and he chuckled. I followed him up the stairs to the top floor and for some reason every person we passed made an effort to not make eye contact. It defiantly made it easier for me though.
We made it to what I assumed was his room and he opened the door. I followed him in, and realized that he didn’t share a room with Lucas.
“Shouldn’t you be roommates with Lucas, since he’s the only one that can tolerate you?” I asked sitting cross-legged on his bed.
“I don’t even want to ask who you share a room with, but make yourself at home.” He sneered.
“Will do!” I said trying to brighten the mood, but I knew what was coming next. The mood darkened considerably as he sat on the bed and leaned his head against the wall.
“So how much did you learn so far?”
“I know about Alex, and Heather, the car accident, and that you are the only Anima that you’re well-known Anima parents had. And you came in when they were fighting with the Hunters.”
“That punk,” He said shaking his head. I felt him trying to put a wall up, and for a second I thought he wouldn’t tell me the rest of it. “After the Hunters raided the house, my parents fought them off for a while, but even the best couldn’t beat that many, plus their leader. Heather knew what they were and she automatically hid me from them. Our house was always pretty well defended against hunters, but no matter how strong the house, the people inside can still die.”
“Heather pushed my bed aside and opened the trap door under it, following the tunnel that led out of our house. I guess they weren’t smart enough to think we could possibly escape. I obviously knew something was wrong, but what power did a 5-year-old have? I remember Heather called someone along the way, and almost instantly I was handed off to someone else. It was Mr. Zander that she called, which is how I ended up here.”
“What happened to your sister?” I asked inaudibly.
“What do you think? As soon as the Hunters were through with my parents, they came after her. She died protecting me, she yelled for Mr. Zander to run, and he did. I hated him forever after that, but when I got older I realized I would have probably done the same thing.” He shook his head slowly and clenched his fists. “Want to know the last thing she said to me? That I was ‘special’ as if I didn’t hear that from Alex and everyone else, as if she wasn’t!” He yelled, balling up his fists and slamming them against the bed. I flinched, but I wasn’t scared, because all I saw was a scared child, alone and missing his family to death.
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have gone prying into your life like that,” I said softly.
“For someone who doesn’t seem to know how to be sorry, you can apologize pretty well.” Said Jeremy getting off his bed, stretching his arms above his head. “I don’t know why you wanted to know all of this anyways. It’s just another sad and sappy story of a little boy who lost his family looking for revenge.”
I stood up then and turned him around to face me, when I saw a glimmer in his eyes I threw my sweat towel that was in my bag over his head. “You should really go take a shower, you smell like sweat.” Then I walked out of the room. Before I shut the door I looked over my shoulder. He slowly took the towel off his head, but before he could see my tears, I looked away and stepped out into the hall. It was so quiet I thought I missed it, but as the door shut I heard an angry and scarred boy say “Thank you.”
Eight
I walked into Mr. Zander’s office, remembering the last time I was here. Ah memories. I still couldn’t get the memory of a boy that almost lost control out of my head. Even though I said I was going to knock all of his walls down, I didn’t think that one could be so heavy.
“Wake up Lydia, where’s your mind at?” Mr. Z said throwing an orange at my head, normally I would’ve caught it, but I was so off into space that I didn’t even notice until I was smacked in the head. I rubbed the back of my head, forgetting that even though he was older, he still had enough strength to cause a bruise, and the need of an ice pack.
“Yeah, I’m back you were saying something about how I did badly on my first mission?” I said throwing the orange back at him.
Catching it without even looking at he said, “I moved on from that three minutes ago, now we are onto your new mission.” I automatically brightened up at that, sitting up straighter I tried to seem serious and professional, but he could sense my excitement and anxiousness.
“What class is the mission…sir?” He rolled his eyes, but cracked a smile.
“It’s…well off the radar, per se.”
“Even better, some undercover kick-ass mission?” I said unable to sit still.
“Something like that.” He played along “Unfortunately it’s not a mission can go and brag about, only three people are doing it. Headmaster is the one who told me to bring you along, so don’t think I chose you personally.” He added a wink, and I rolled my eyes.
“Okay, so who’s the third person?”
“He should be here any second and-”
“That would be me, but you didn’t tell me we had an extra person.” Jeremy said banging the door open. He eyed me warily, but I suppose that was better than his normal cold disdain.
“I didn’t sign up for this,” I put up my hands, acting innocent. “I was specially chosen.” I winked to Mr. Z and he finally laughed.
“The more the merrier after all.” He said turning back into the old Mr. Zander. Him being serious all the time just didn’t fit his personality.
“Right, so get along with me if you please!” I said holding out my hand. He rolled his eyes and smacked my hand out of the way.
“So what’s the plan?” Jeremy said sitting on Mr. Zander’s desk.
“That,” Mr. Z came around with two plane tickets “Will be explained on the way.”
I was packing my suitcase when Mai and Alice came bouncing in, literally.
“What’re you doin’?” Alice asked sitting on my bed that was already covered in clothes, and other things I still needed to pack.
“What does it look like?” I spread my arms for emphasis.
“You’re running away?” Mai teased, and Alice smacked her on the head.
“Don’t joke about that.”
“Yes, mother dear.” Mai rubbed her head. “So where are you going for your mission then?”
“How’d you know that’s what I’m doing in the first place?” I ask, getting my makeup bag that had more headbands in it than makeup. I threw it in the suitcase and went to my favorite shoe pile. I knew I wasn’t supposed to pack a lot so with reluctance I chose 3 pairs; formal, casual and running.
“So while you’re gone, can I use this room, too much Mai can be bad for your health.” Alice commented folding my clothes that were spewed across the room.
“Yeah, do what you want, who knows how long it’ll be.” I said double-checking I had everything.
“Wait, so you don’t know how long it’s going to be?” Mai said bouncing on all the clothes Alice just folded.
“Not really, no. I won’t know more until later.” I said trying not to give too much away. I knew I couldn’t get out of school without telling anyone something, so I went old school. I let everyone else do the talking and gossiping for me! They will come up with their own answers to where I am, and it saves me the trouble of coming up with one.
“Alright, well good luck.” She said giving me a hug, and for someone that wasn’t very mushy, she made it seem like I might not come back. Mai on the other hand, who is very emotional jumped on my back and squeezed me like she wouldn’t let go.
“Okay, I have to go now, I’ll be back soon.” I said when they didn’t show signs of letting go. Alice stepped back, and Mai slowly released me from my chokehold.
“Bye-bye, see you later.” Mai says as she steps back and Alice holds up her fist.
“Strong and swift, quiet and quick.” She said in a low voice. I held up my fist as well and smacked hers. Mai joined in a second later and we laughed as they walked me to Mr. Zander’s office. We finally separated, and I waited until they were out of sight before I turned away from Mr. Zander’s door. I walked down the staircase they told me about that led to the teacher’s underground garage and when I saw them I hustled towards them.
“Sorry, I had to lose a couple people.”
“It’s fine, we’re ready to go now.” Mr. Z said grabbing my suitcase and throwing it in the back of the black Sudan. Jeremy was already in the front seat tapping his fingers on the ledge.
“Hurry up!”
“Calm down Jeremy, we’re right on schedule.” Mr. Zander said getting into the driver’s seat. I climbed in the back, and he shot me a dirty look. I guess he was over me seeing him cry, or almost seeing him cry.
“So now can you explain why we’re going to Washington?” I held up my plane ticket.
“Yeah, well first you have to realize that you can never say anything about this mission to anyone or where have been, since we don’t know how long it’ll take to finish the assignment.”
“Yes, sir!”
“Alright, and you can use your first name if you want, but nothing more.” He warned and Jeremy snorted, since he already seemed to know all of this.
“Okay, but what exactly is the assignment?” I asked getting anxious.
“We have been noticing a lot of movement from the Hunters in Washington near the capitol, and we think they are planning something. Of course we don’t know what, and that’s why we’re on this mission.”
“I already explained why you two were suited for this assignment, plus the fact that you are used to spending a lot of time together!” He glanced back at me then focused on driving again. “You guys will be around each other even more than before,” Seeing our faces he added “Whatever problems you guys have, you’re going to have to get over it for now. Personal problems and emotions can never be involved in your missions, got it?”
“Yes sir!” I mock saluted and he shook his head. “Wait, did you say even more time than before?” I asked wide-eyed, not think that we could possibly be around each other more. Jeremy snorted and continued looking out the window, Mr. Zander laughed and I leaned my head against the headrest and groaned. I knew this was going to be a long ride.
The ride was pretty uneventful; it was the plane ride that things got…interesting. Turns out the Academy had its own private jet, not that I should even be surprised. I was still excited to be on one though. I sat down in a chair that reclined and spun around, and so did Jeremy who wasn’t affected at all. He’d probably been on it many times before for missions, but I was till loving every second of it. The attendant put our luggage away, and brought us whatever we wanted; I got a smoothie, and Jeremy got coffee. I snorted when he looked at me like he was so much more mature than I was, just by drinking it.
“I have to make sure everything is ready for us when we get there, so just do whatever you want until we get there.” Mr. Zander said before disappearing again.
I put on my headphones and leaned my head back, looking out the window. I watched the clouds roll by, and I wondered what it would be like to sleep on one and let it fly you away. Thinking of that, I felt sleep wash over me.
I woke up feeling something wasn’t right. I looked at the time, and found out I’d only been asleep for an hour. I guess I dreamed that something wasn’t right? No, that couldn’t be it; my sleep was dreamless, completely black. Not that that was any better I suppose. I looked over at Jeremy who also fell asleep, I was about to fall back asleep when I noticed something off about his sleep. He was squirming a lot, and sweat clung to his hair and forehead. I quickly got out of my seat and knelt beside him.
I shook his shoulders. “Jeremy, wake up.” He stirred, but was still in a fitful sleep. I wondered if this was a normal thing for him. I brushed his hair back and wiped his forehead with my sleeve. I haven’t seen him this vulnerable before, and it made me want him to become that same unbreakable wall that I couldn’t climb over. I needed him to be that person I could never reach, never touch; yet here I was touching him. I got up and asked for a damp cloth.
Returning to his side, I wiped his forehead and face. I dabbed at his neck too, not understanding how someone could sweat so much in their sleep. I brushed back his hair again, and he caught my arm. I froze, waiting for something to happen.
“Heather.” Was the name he mumbled; his sister’s name. I felt a sharp pain in my chest, realizing just how much he loved his sister. When I listened to what else he was mumbling all I caught was “Alex…Heather…don’t leave…alone, please.” My heart ached for him, but all I could do was let him keep thinking I was Alex or Heather. I brushed his hair back in a soft rhythm and sang a song I sang to myself when I had nightmares.
“Can you listen to my words, don’t say anything yet.
I know you haven’t ended yet, but don’t cry over the space that I left.
My heart only has you; your heart only has me,
Similar sentiments, the proof of our love
For this instant, something to never forget, please remember.”
I stopped singing once I realized Mr. Zander was staring at us with a weird expression on his face.
“Your mom sang like that too, right?” He asked softly. I nodded sadly, remembering how I wouldn’t be able to see her for a long time.
“Yeah, she did, she taught me a few lullabies and I went from there.”
“Well her beautiful voice definitely passed down to you.” He complimented. I smiled softly at that.
“Don’t let me stop you.” He said gesturing towards Jeremy, who looked like he was finally in a peaceful sleep. I nodded, and even though he disappeared, I somehow knew he was still listening close by. I saw Jeremy stir, still holding my arm, as if he would get another nightmare if he let go. I just continued to sing, even though some words were lost in translation since it was a Korean song. The English version isn’t a good, but I didn’t think he would understand otherwise.
“The same sky, different place, we’re separated for now
I’ll remember the love you gave me,
That only love I will keep in the bottom of my heart.
Making you wait so long, I’m sorry,
In my life, only you are most special.
Without you I can’t live, without me you can’t live,
An almost torn heart, take a deep breath
Who said that hurt will heal is empty words?
I love you, I love you, I love you, even if you can’t hear
Sorry, sorry, sorry, I have regrets
F-o-r-e-v-e-r, I will hold your hand tight
Just like when we first met, we will be back together
To me there is only you, you know that right?
You held my hand; I synced my footsteps with yours
Until the day we meet again, I won’t let go of your hand”
I jumped back when I realized that Jeremy had woken up and was watching me with reproachful eyes. He was like an animal (no pun intended) waiting to see what the other person would do first. So I just stood up and stretched, pretending he didn’t affect me.
“So now you decide to wake up?”
“How much did you hear?” He growled, like he was afraid that it would make him any weaker. I realized then how much I had misunderstood about him, so I played along.
“Enough to know that you must be in love with me!” I said playfully, when he didn’t respond I rolled my eyes. “You don’t know what you said in your sleep do you?” I chuckled. “Well I guess what you don’t know won’t hurt you!” I winked and went to get our luggage, since I could hear the jet descending.
We arrived at our new location; it was a beautiful hotel suite.
“I always need the best for missions that might take a while.” Mr. Zander said when I looked at him, eyebrows raised.
“Of course,” I said like it shouldn’t be any other way.
“Get used to this, Sensei is known for being extravagant, but he always has a reason for the things he does.” Jeremy said walking past me to put his luggage on his massive bed. I went to explore and saw the kitchen, bathroom, closets (yes, more than one) and the adjoining room.
“This will be my room.” Mr. Z put his suitcase on the king-size bed. “You will get the other bed in the adjoining room by Jeremy, got it?”
“Not like I have a choice.” I muttered and he laughed.
“That’s the spirit, now move along. Enjoy tonight, because the real work,” he threw me an earpiece. “Begins tomorrow.” I gave him a worried look, but he just whistled and went back to unpacking.
“Eggs are baking, I repeat the eggs are baking!” Mr. Z called from the kitchen. He waved a spatula at me and motioned me to sit down. Jeremy was already at the table eating, and of course drinking coffee. I sat down and ate, feeling the tension underneath the surface. Jeremy obviously hadn’t forgotten what happened yesterday, not that I really expected him to.
After breakfast, he told us to put on something casual, so we did, and followed him to our next destination.
“Alright, we don’t need to do any real image changes since they don’t know who we are, so for now just suit up.” Mr. Z said clapping his hands and rubbing them together. We did as he said and put the usual stuff on, mikes, earpieces, and camera pins. We added a couple weapons of course, like a small knife for me and a dart gun for Jeremy.
“Why does he get the cool one?” I complained as I strapped my knife to my arm, under my light jacket.
“Cause he will be the one to knock people out, if necessary.” He explained slowly, like he was talking to a child. I rolled my eyes and muttered that I could do the same thing with my knife. They chuckled and I pouted. Well this is better than training all day, not to mention I get to use weapons now.
Once we were all ready to go, we entered enemy territory so to speak. There was a “convention” going on for joining some Special Task Force, and this was the Hunters’ cover. It was really them looking for more people to recruit. They normally don’t do this so openly, and that’s why we’re here. They usually pick specific people, or just keep it in the family, but since they’re doing this they must be pretty desperate.
“I want you to pretend you’re interested in joining, got it?” Mr. Z said through our earpieces. Jeremy and I would be the ones ‘interested’ in joining, since we were the perfect age. Mr. Z would be looking for the higher-ups, and try to figure out where they were meeting. If or once we find out where they are hiding out here, we will attack. I asked why we would not be calling for backup to attack them, but he said by the time they would get here, the Hunters could be gone. That plus, I think they would notice if a bunch of Anima suddenly wanted to go on a field trip to Washington.
“Don’t let your guard down; we’re right in the middle of a hurricane now.” Jeremy said in my ear. We walked around pretending we were interested and they had us do some tests. I asked earlier if I should be using my strength for real or not but they said no.
“If you use your strength, they will notice you. You are supposed to act interested enough to get information, but as soon as you draw attention to yourself, they won’t leave you alone.”
“Got it,” I said swallowing hard.
Shaking my head, I focused back on the task at hand. I talked to one of the ‘people on charge’ and asked about what I would have to do to join.
“Well strength and endurance, your willpower and determination, also your ability to think on your feet.” The older male responded proudly. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes right there and acted excited.
“I can do that!” I say earnestly. The man responded with the same excitement of finding someone with the right qualities. I smiled innocently and he showed me to a weight-lifting station.
“How much can you press?” He asked and I shrugged. I lied down on the bench and put my hands on the bar. He started out light, and I could feel his eyes scorching me, looking for any chance that I could join. They really were desperate. His gaze was unnerving, but I kept my cool. I lifted up to the standard of a normal 16-year-old girl and he seemed to be getting his hopes up. As gross as his gaze made me feel, I continued to lift. Once his hopes were at their highest I let my arms shake as I struggled to lift the bar. It was actually still easy for me to lift it, but as I was told; I didn’t show my true abilities. The man’s face fell slightly, but he still ushered me to a different station to see if I still had a chance.
“Try these standard questions about what you think you should do in certain situations.” The man said setting me in front of a computer. I once again held back any comment that I was going to say and focused on the questions.
If your comrade was shot, and the enemy was running away, what would you do?
I answered it, not sure if this was supposed to be something I needed to be hiding. I figured what I did would be the opposite of what they want anyways, so I just answered that I would stay and help my comrade.
I looked back to see the man’s face fall a fraction; obviously this wasn’t the answer that he was looking for. So I was making the right choice here, but it was disgusting that they would want the answer I could never do, which was leave someone behind. Especially a comrade, someone who you work with, blood, sweat and tears shed all with that same person, yet they would leave them without a second thought! 
“Alright, well I think you have answered enough questions for us to get a good idea of what you would be like if you joined us.” He said after I answered a few more questions, that he seemed to like more. “You can leave your contact information at the desk by the strength station, we will contact you later if we think you can join our training program.”
“Well I’m still a little skeptic, so I was wondering if I could ask a few questions about where training would take place, and where I would have to meet you if you contacted you.” Before he thought I was being too suspicious I added, “You see I don’t live in Washington, so I want to make sure I can make arrangements to come right when you ask me to!”
“I see,” He smiled, liking what seemed to be my dedication and persistence. “Well in that case, I will make sure to contact you within the week to tell you the location of the camp.”
I nodded with a smile, knowing if I pushed it farther that might make him more suspicious.
I met up with Jeremy again, who was done with recon and we went to meet up with Mr. Zander.
“So how did my little kittens do today?” Mr. Z asked as we all got back to the hotel.
“They seem pretty cautious to me, but I did manage to get a time frame of how long the ‘camp’ will be going for before they move locations.” Jeremy said sitting at the living room table, getting out his laptop.
“Good, start writing your report on what you saw today. Lydia what did you gather?”
“I got a special contact number?” I said unsure if that was good enough to report. “The man said he would call within the week to tell me the location of the ‘camp’.”
Jeremy snapped his head up, and exchanged weird looks with Mr. Zander.
“What? Did I not do as well as you or something?” I felt myself getting flustered.
“That’s not it at all,” Mr. Z intervened “We are just surprised that you got something so crucial so fast!”
“What do you mean?”
“They are calling within the week to tell us where the camp is! That was the whole point of today! This mission might go faster than expected.” Jeremy looked suspicious, and a little annoyed that I did better than he did.
“Okay, so what? We wait for their call, and go where they tell us to?” I saw Jeremy rolls his eyes, so I assumed wrong I guess.
“Close, we will trace his call and see where the actual location is. It’s possible they are giving us false information to see if we are spies, which we are.”
“Gotcha’, so we wait then?”
“For now let’s stay under the radar so they don’t suspect anything, and we’ll work from there. So stay in the hotel.”
“Race you!” I called to Jeremy as we reached the hotel’s pool. He rolled his eyes like I was childish and I counted.
“One…Two…” then I jumped in without counting to three. He called out, but I couldn’t laugh unless I wanted a mouth full of chlorine. I reached the other end of the pool and wiped my face. When I looked up my mouth dropped.
“First you cheat and then you have the nerve to lose?” Jeremy asked looking down at me from the pool’s edge. I grimaced and he offered his arm to pull me out. I grabbed it and he lifted me up, just to drop me again. I coughed out water and wiped my face again.
“Really?” I slammed my hand against the water and splashed him. He was too busy laughing to notice it though. I lost my anger seeing him laugh like that, without a care in the world. I smiled involuntarily and reached my arm up again.
“Now can you stop laughing long enough to pull me up?” He was still chuckling when he went to grab my arm again. This time I yanked his arm and pulled him in.
“Don’t think you’re going to get away with that.” He said as he came up for air. I lost my smile and swam away. There was no one else in the pool, and the lifeguard was busy sleeping, so if I died here, nobody would know. He caught up to me easily and pulled me under. I coughed and tried to grab onto him, but he swam out of the way.
“Get your ass back here!” I yelled, laughing and coughing at the same time. He was laughing a lot, so I decided I would catch him off guard. I pretended I was still struggling to catch my breath and crept up quietly behind him. I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and pulled him under. Once he came up for water, he was ready for revenge, but I was already towards the edge of the pool. Somehow he caught up and spun me around, pressing me against the edge.
“Watch yourself Puss in Boots! You never know when I might get you back.” I snorted, but then I grew aware of how close we were. I felt my face flush and he gave a devil smile. He pressed himself closer and I felt my whole body go up in flames. He laughed and stepped back from me. I snapped out of my trance and splashed him with water again. I pulled myself out of the pool, feeling heavier than normal and pressed my hand to my face.
“It’s just exertion from all the swimming.” I told myself as I wrapped up in a towel. I could still hear the quiet chuckle from behind me and turned around. When I did he had a strange look on his face, but I was too flustered to read into it. His face was guarded again, ice walls shooting up.
I promised I would break them, so I walked over to him and smiled when I saw him tense up. It was better than having no effect on him at all.  I wrung out my hair and glared at him.
“Invade my bubble again, and I won’t hold back.” I threatened, knowing this was the best way for him to go back to his usual over-confident self.
“It didn’t seem like you wanted to hold back though.” He said, the ice starting to melt in his blue eyes.
I just smiled and ruffled his wet, black hair, then pulled his neck bringing his forehead to mine. “Well if that was true, I wouldn’t have let you just back up like that.” He was so surprised by that comment that he had to take a step back. I laughed and raised my eyebrow before walking away. I could almost see his mouth gaping open as I walked out of the room.
“Ready for day two?” Mr. Zander asked the next day, noticing the weird atmosphere between us. I nodded my head, not sure how to recover from yesterday. Feelings like that are never good on assignments, especially one as important as this. By ‘feelings like that’ I mean my heart beating at a faster rate than normal, and feeling anxious or nervous. I had to be alert at all times, and with Jeremy it was harder to do that. I could tell he was a little awkward now around, making me almost regret saying that stupid flirty line. I say almost, because his face was so priceless, that I don’t think I could ever recreate it.
“Good, then let’s start!” He clapped his hands together and set up the equipment to listen in, and trace calls. “I love this part.” Mr. Z says excitedly.
“Why?’ I asked lifting my eyebrow suspiciously.
“Humans are so interesting, that’s why! Especially girls and their drama, I didn’t realize how much can happen in such a short period of time!”
“You’re telling me.” I muttered under my breath, even though I know they could all hear it; the perks of an Anima I guess. They both smiled at that, catching onto my sarcasm. Sometimes I felt like they could tell what I was thinking too. I shivered and went to help set up.
“Anything out of the blue happen yet?” I asked, walking up to Jeremy who was very focused on his current phone call. He suddenly looked a little pink in the cheeks, and I looked at him with confusion. I sat next to him on the couch and listened into his headphones.
“I didn’t realize I could go through so many tampons in a day!” some girl about my age said dramatically. I snorted, and then covered my mouth with my hand.
“Hah, I don’t have that problem; my periods are usually light, although my cramps are horrible. Why is that so contradicting?” another girl exclaimed. 
“Are yours scented?” She responded excitedly.
This time I laughed so hard at Jeremy’s expression that I fell onto my side. I didn’t seem to realize that I ended up in his lap until I was wiping tears out of my eyes. I froze; hand suspended in mid-air and looked up at him.
“Ah...” That was all I said before he put his head extremely close to mine. I held my breath and waited for him to smack me or knock me off.  Then he suddenly smiled and grabbed my head between his hands. At first I thought he was going snap my neck, but then he suddenly kissed me. On my forehead that is, and my jaw dropped open. He smiled my favorite smile; his evil, quirky, childish smile. It was full of life, and not love, but something close. Then he butted his head against mine and I rolled onto the ground.
“Ouch, that hurt you know!” I yelped from the floor, rubbing my forehead. He didn’t hear though and kept laughing until he clutched his side.
“Revenge for yesterday!” He said when he caught his breath again.
“You must not understand that I give everything back ten times more.” I said before launching myself at him. He caught me mid-air and pinned me down on floor under him. Luckily Mr. Zander had stepped out a while for business, so I didn’t have to worry about him seeing it, but I still felt like someone could walk in any second. Although, that worry was pushed in the back of my mind as I looked at Jeremy. Nobody has unnerved me like this before and I didn’t like it. I suddenly stopped smiling as I saw Jeremy’s face change; I knew that look by now. It was when his walls shot up, but in this case it was because we knew someone was watching. I tried to get up but he pushed me down, flattening his body against mine. I held my breath, and hoped he couldn’t hear my erratic heartbeat.
He was shielding my body, but I didn’t know from what. He was so used to people protecting him, that he seemed to want to protect someone else for a change. I felt my heart break for him, and I don’t like the feeling of pity for people. It messes up my other feelings for tem. For example, do I like Jeremy or is it just out of pity that I always seem to want to be with him?
There was a phone call and I looked at him expectantly with a silent message like “You goin’ to get that?” he rolled his eyes seeming to get the message and I smirked. The feeling that someone was watching disappeared and he slowly got up. Mr. Z was still gone, so this was all on us for now.
“Hello?” I answered as Jeremy went to work on tracing the call. Once he nodded that it was ready I went back into serious mode.
“Is this Lydia Norman?” A man’s voice replied on the line. It was the guy from before.
“Yes sir.” I replied monotone, not wanting to give anything away from the tone in my voice. I still felt anxious, and a buzz of excitement was just waiting to be let out, but I kept my voice as calm as possible.
“We have the location for you to start your training with us, if you’re still interested that is.”
“Yes, of course, what time?”
“Next Friday, at 5.” I listened as he told me the location, and looked at Jeremy to see if it meant anything. Jeremy nodded that he got the location of where the call was from, and I held up the piece of paper with the address on it.
“Is that all I need to know?” I asked the man on the phone.
“For now, you will learn the details of it tomorrow when you come.”
“Alright, goodbye.” I said in a semi-excited voice so they would think that I was at least interested in it.
“Goodbye Miss Lydia, we will be anxiously awaiting your arrival.” I shivered involuntarily and looked to see if Jeremy had noticed. If he did he didn’t show it. I stood up and walked over to him to see the location.
“Is the location he gave me the same as where he was just calling from?” I asked, sitting down beside him.
“No, he’s still in the same area as us, but where he told you to go is a more secluded place for storage.”
“Let me see.” I said hovering over him, looking at the landscape screen. I felt him freeze up and I suddenly pulled back. Normally I would’ve kept pestering him, but I felt a spark that I didn’t notice before. I cleared my throat, and felt uncomfortable for the first time. I didn’t want to look at his face, so I made myself busy with preparing the things I would need for when we raided them. I packed a hand mirror too, but why would I need that? I’ve never used one before.
Nine
“Well let’s get going then!” Mr. Zander threw his fist in the air. I looked at Jeremy and we rolled our eyes. That tense atmosphere was still lingering between us, but it was one of those hidden things you would rather ignore. 
“Yeah, but I still don’t see what three people can do against who knows how many of them.” I said doubtfully.
“Well we aren’t going to kill all of them if that’s what you’re thinking.” He replied dryly and looked over at Jeremy who just shrugged. I laughed and we all walked out the door, and I looked back one last time. I loved the few memories I had here (most involving Jeremy) but it was my first mission where I really felt like an asset rather than a setback.
“I know it’s only been a week since the phone call, but it feels like it’s been forever that we’ve been planning for this.” I stretched and threw my suitcase in the non-descript black, bullet-proof vehicle.
“That’s because if anything goes wrong, it could cost not only us, but the Academy.” Mr. Zander started the car and we started putting ourselves in the positions we were fulfilling.
“Got the equipment set up?” I asked Jeremy who was in the back with headphones around his neck, with chords, and wires wrapped around him. I leaned back and started untangling the wires from his body. He did stiffen, but I didn’t pull back this time. I just kept brushing against him, feeling that if I didn’t touch him I would feel insecure about the mission. He finally seemed to loosen up a bit, but by that time I was already done untangling him. I sat back in my seat, wondering when I had grown so used to having him around. I shrugged and focused on the role I had to play.
When we got to the edge of the camp I got out of the car; mic strapped to my back, earpiece in my ear, and tracker in my jacket. As soon as I got out, they drove off to avoid being seen, and would keep watch from afar.
“Can you still hear us Lydia?” I heard Mr. Z say through my earpiece.
“Yeah, so where’s the uh entrance?” I ask looking around for some magical door to appear.
“Keep going straight, and there should be a door on the left side of the building.”
“Alright.” I found the door and pushed it open to find nobody inside, when I didn’t hear anything through the earpiece I felt myself losing control. My first instinct was to transform and protect myself in any way possible, but then I realized that could be what they want. If I transformed now, everything would be over before it even started. And this was one that I couldn’t afford to make a mistake on. I calmed myself down, and focused on what was in front of me. An empty room, with no signs of people, yet they had to be nearby if my communication was cut off.
“Lydia, get out now!” I heard in a clipped voice through the earpiece. I instantly turned around and tried to open the door, but it was locked. I knew something was terribly wrong now (as anyone would think in this situation) but I willed myself not to transform. I could still pass for a scared girl if I didn’t transform to protect myself. I heard a noise and felt my ears pop up from under my hat, which I wore just in case.
“It’s about time. I was wondering how someone as new as you could control yourself for that long.” Someone said from above me. I looked up and a man was smiling down at me.
“What do you mean?” I ask trying not to sound as nervous as I felt.
The man chuckled and I felt a shiver run down my spine, it was the voice of a man who knew how to kill. He walked slowly down the stairs to my right, each step creaking menacingly. He stood a ways away, but it was still too close for comfort.
“Remove your hat and I think you’ll understand exactly what I mean.” I glared as fiercely as possible and crossed my arms to seem more imposing.
“Let’s get this over with then.” I said throwing off my hat, exposing my alert lion ears.
“We don’t need to rush this Lydia Raion. I plan to take my time with you.” The man scolded, shaking his head.
“You sound like a perverted old man; you mind not being cryptic and getting to the point already?” I felt my palms staring to sweat, despite my confident voice.
“And you sound a little scared.” He replied with a cold smile. I let my face fall slightly, and felt my heart starting to race.
“Is there a way that I can leave without fighting?” I ask surprised that I would try and run away from a fight.
“I won’t hurt you if that’s what you’re wondering, unless you refuse to come with me.”
“I meant that you would be getting hurt old man, but now that I know you need me I have nothing to fear.” I said darting towards him. I darted from side to side, and unsheathed my claws. The man didn’t seem fazed at all and stood perfectly still. It didn’t cause me to slow down though and I lashed out as soon as I was in range. When my claws didn’t make contact I tried not to seem startled. I whipped around and he was standing behind me.
“You’re too new to have any effect on me Lydia.”
“Don’t say my name like you know me!” I snarled, feeling my teeth sharpen.
“Oh, but I know more about you than your mother and you combined.”
“My mother?” I whisper, feeling the hair on the back of my neck stand up.
“Yes, Irene Raion. I know her husband too, great man. I can take you to meet him if you want.” I was still furious, but I felt like cold water had been dumped on my head.
“Where is he?”
“You want to know? Then come with me.” The man held out his hand, even though he only seemed a little older than me. I stared at it with hunger to know everything that he did.
“Shouldn’t I know your name first? Why do you get to know mine, but not the other way around?”
“True enough, you’re as sharp as your father.” I tensed at hearing that, because it didn’t sound like a compliment to me.
“I wouldn’t know.” I responded coldly.
“Since, you seem interested I’ll tell you my name; it’s Demetrius. You don’t need to know my last name, because you won’t be able to say it.”
“Just like your first name…” I muttered and he chuckled without humor.
“Precisely, now will you come with me, you can tell your friends waiting for you that you changed your mind.” He said in a fake sweet tone.
“Why would I even think about going with you?” I yelled lashing out, and missing my target again. I felt my boiling inside that he would choose me to be a traitor. The man smiled as he could tell what I was thinking and held out his hand again.
“Are you sure you wouldn’t want to know more about your father?” He said in a voice that instantly made me curious. I hesitated and that was all he needed to push farther into my head. “He is still alive, and wants to meet you Lydia. Don’t you want to meet him? Or did your mother tell you something bad about him?” Demetrius shook his head and clicked his tongue in disappointment.
“They will be here any second, so you might want to leave before you get hurt.” I said to avoid the subject.
“I think you might want to think of that as a bad thing. If they come, you might lose your resolve to join us, or more specifically your father.”
“I doubt that will happen.” I said knowing that Jeremy was close by. I still had to buy time, so we had a chance to capture him. I tried attacking him again, which was part fear that he was telling the truth and part determination that I could take him down by myself.
“Nice try.” He said, reading my thoughts again. I grabbed my head like it would stop him from getting into my head. I roared and launched myself, claws extended towards him.
I feigned left, and swiped right. He was dodging less and less, and started to block. I kept my attacks quick, and powerful and with each jab, I only felt myself getting stronger. I kicked and landed a blow to his shoulder, then dipped low to get his vitals. I managed to get the back of his knee, making him drop down.  I thought that would be the perfect chance, but it ended up being for him. As he was down on one knee, he landed a blow right to my chest knocking me on my back. He put a knee on my chest, and his hand went to my throat.
“It’s for your own good!” He persisted. “Your father wouldn’t want you to be wasting your life with them!” Demetrius’ auburn hair fell over his face, and green eyes sparked with determination. I admired how much he seemed to try, but there was no way I could just leave the Academy…right?
“I can’t just leave, I am an Anima.” I said feeling proud to say it for the first time, showing how much had changed since spring.
“You are whatever you choose to be, which could be a hunter.” Demetrius replied proudly. I thought I didn’t have a choice, and normally I would’ve taken any chance to get out, but the Academy was the one place where people like me were. Plus there was a cute black cat, and cuddle brown bear waiting for me to return. I smiled and looked at him.
“You’re right, I could. Unfortunately the people that are like my family are there, something I won’t feel if I go with you.”
“Your father will be sad to hear that…” He shook his head and before realization hit me, the door burst open. Jeremy and Mr. Zander came at full speed into the room, and I tried to get up, but Demetrius’ arm was still around my throat, and his knee keeping me down.
Jeremy launched himself at Demetrius knocking him off me, as Mr. Z helped me up.
“What the hell happened?” He demanded as I got to my feet, and I didn’t think I would have enough time to explain, seeing as how more hunters decided to show up. I jumped at the guy closest to me knocking him on his ass. I put a claw to the guys’ throat, but realized I could never kill him. When I froze in that second, the hunter threw me off, and smashed my head into the ground. I saw stars, and my vision was going fuzzy. He grabbed my hair and smashed my head into the ground again with such force that I felt paralyzed.
The grip he had on me suddenly left, and I looked up dazed. Jeremy was beating the shit out of him a few feet away from me. He punched my attacker repeatedly until his face was a bloody mess. I had only been scared because of Jeremy, and this was one of them. But rather than being scared of him, I was being scared for him.
“Stop it.” I said, but he couldn’t seem to hear me, or anyone for that matter. I yelled again, but his eyes were filled with blue fire. I ran up to him and tried to make him drop the guy, before he actually killed him. I grabbed his arm, but he shoved me off. I grew irritated and did what I learned in the first day of self-defense. I flipped him right over my back and put my knee on his chest. He looked up at me in surprise.
“Please, it’s over now.” I said looking down at him, who was still blinking in surprise like he didn’t even know what just happened. I got worried and shook his shoulders. He finally seemed to snap out of whatever trance he was in and sat up slowly, knocking me off him.
“I’m fine now, calm down.” He rubbed his back where he landed.
“Calm down?” I exclaimed running a hand through my hair, which was a bad idea seeing as I still had blood coming out from when my head was smashed in the ground. “You never ell a girl that, unless you want them to get even less calm!”
“Alright,” Jeremy put his hands up and walked towards me. “My bad, just let me see your wound before you make it worse.”
“I’m fine!” I snapped, trying to cover how worried I was about him. I whipped around and started walking towards Mr. Zander who was squatting next to a Hunter who he had managed to capture. I felt the world tilt sideways and I fell to my hands and knees, coughing until I threw up. I was breathing heavily and grabbed the back of my head. Pain shot through my head and I felt like collapsing right there, to wait until I healed myself. I shut my eyes tight against the pain and tried to make myself go to sleep. It wasn’t hard; I felt myself seeping into darkness surprisingly easy, but then someone decided to wake me.
“Get up Lydia!” Someone yelled and I opened my eyes into slits. I saw Jeremy and Mr. Z hovering over me. Then I started laughing when I saw the hunter that Mr. Z had captured.
“She’s lost too much blood; a head injury isn’t going to heal as fast as you think Lydia!” Jeremy frantically tried to stop the blood. I was still giggling over the fact that Mr. Z was holding the Hunter up by his collar like a child.
“Let’s get her to the car, just keep her head as still as possible.” Mr. Zander started dragging the guy and I started giggling more, even though it wasn’t as funny as it should have been. I could tell I was losing consciousness, but I wanted to stay awake and not miss a second of the life I may not see again. The pain was numbing in my head, so I focused on the rhythm of Jeremy’s heartbeat as he carried me.
I heard the engine start, and felt a hand on the back of my head.
“You have to wait a little longer Lydia, but with Sensei’s driving you won’t have to wait long.” Jeremy said elevating my head more. I groaned, but I didn’t want to show how close I was to passing out. I felt the bumps of the road as we drove out of a place called nowhere.
“Now quickly pick her up without making her faint.” Mr. Z says and I could almost feel Jeremy roll his eyes, making me give a small smile. My legs swayed as I was rushed onto an operating table and I muttered one last thing before anesthesia took me under.
Ten
Time passed quickly, even though it had been a few days already. I heard voices from above me, but I didn’t feel the need to open my eyes since I could already distinguish them all already.
“When will she wake up?” Jeremy said with a hint of anxiety in his voice.
“She should be awake any minute now, so calm down.” Mr. Z said and from the smell of tea, he was sitting down somewhere drinking it. I loved that he could be calm in any situation, even though a comrade getting hurt is one of the hardest things to watch. It’s even worse when you know you can’t do anything to help, but in his own way, staying calm is how he does it.
“Why did she need to get herself hurt, why couldn’t she just stay where she was and let me finish off that last guy?” He says more to himself than anyone else.
I tried to push myself up, and felt nauseous in the process. Jeremy rushed over and helped me sit up the rest of the way. “I wasn’t going to let you have all the fun.”
“Just shut up and eat.” Jeremy says shoving a saltine in my mouth. I can barely swallow though, because I was so thirsty. 
“My bad,” He tipped my head back, and helped me drink. I was so surprised by how much he seemed to care that I choked on my water. He lifted up his shirt and wiped my face and neck where I spilt the water. I was frozen in shock, and he just looked at me innocently like he didn’t know what he was doing wrong.
“Did I die?” I ask shrinking away from the new, scary Jeremy.
“What do you think?” Jeremy flicked my forehead.
“Not?” I rubbed my forehead with a grimace. He smirked and I felt more at ease.
“So do you want to know what you missed out on?” Mr. Zander said getting up from his chair, leaving his tea on the table beside it to sit on the edge of my bed.
“Why not,” I muttered, ready to hear how I messed up the mission again.
“Don’t sound so upset, you didn’t ruin the mission.” Mr. Z winked like he knew that’s what I was thinking, and I cringed as if that would protect my thoughts from being said out loud. “Anyways, after your surgery was done, we interrogated the guy we caught, but got nothing out of him yet.”
“You mean like torture?” I ask not wanting to know the answer.
“Unfortunately, we are desperate enough to do that.” He replied quietly. Jeremy was just looking out the window with a weird expression on his face. I turned back to Mr. Z and waited for him to continue. “He still didn’t break after the torturing, so he’s just in the cell underground. Do you know what that guy wanted? He escaped before anyone could get to him.”
I shifted uncomfortably from the looks they were giving me, like I was guilty of something. “Nothing, he just asked if I wanted to join them.” Before they said anything I quickly added that I said no, obviously.
“But why would they signal out someone as new as you?” Jeremy said in calculating voice. I still didn’t really know that answer myself, so I just gave a noncommittal shrug. They exchanged suspicious glances and I lifted an eyebrow.
“Am I not good enough to be needed by them?”
“You know it’s not like that, but they aren’t known for setting up super elaborate plans just to recruit one girl.”
“I suppose.” I say not wanting to tell them what he said to me. They wanted me to become a traitor, and bribed me with my father? I didn’t even remember what he looked like, but that didn’t mean I wasn’t curious. With everyone’s brains on overload I fell asleep once again, and this time I dreamt of my dad for the first time in years.
When I was finally left alone I slowly peeled back the covers of my bed and stood up. I winced as I pulled the IV from my arm and walked towards the door. I crept quietly through the hallways keeping a hand on the wall to keep me upright. I felt the cold rough stone on my fingertips as I crept to the big double doors I saw my first day here.
“Come in.” A voice answered after I knocked on the door. “I was wondering when you would come.” The old man sat behind his desk, hands folded, waiting patiently for me to sit down. I took a seat and looked at him curiously.
“How did you know I was coming?” I ask sitting down in the chair across from him.
“Simple, I know everything that happens within this school.” He gave me a look than made me shift in my chair, wondering just how much he knew. I didn’t ask, and he didn’t tell.
“Then do I need to explain what happened, or will you tell me what you know?”
“I assume you mean what do I know about your father?” I nodded.
“He used to go here, but I assume you already knew that.” I answered again with a slight nod. Headmaster turned his chair around and looked out the large window immersing himself in his memories.
I started to fiddle with my hair (which was a long, wavy mess) when he didn’t say anything.
“So can I make the worst assumption?” I ask quietly, and Headmaster turned around, seeming to forget I was even there in the first place.
“Well that depends on what you consider to be the worst scenario. Either way, let’s start with the good things. His name was Brian Raion; he came here when he was a kid just like everybody else.”
I lifted an eyebrow, and he gave a small smile.
“Almost everyone,” He corrected. “He showed exceptional talent from a young age, so of course we kept a close eye on him. He realized how good he was and became extremely ambitious; enough that he would do anything for power.”
“Sorry, but where does my mom fit into all of this?” I ask ignoring the dull throbbing at the thought of her.
“Ah, right well she always there, always supporting him. They did love each other truly, but he loved power more. They went on a mission together, which is how you were born by the way; and when they came back…” 
I waited for him to continue, although I didn’t really want to hear more.
“He ended up being a spy for the Hunters, a double agent I guess you could call it.” I felt anger and resentment towards the father I didn’t have any feelings towards before.
“So in other words, a traitor.” I say bluntly, trying to calm the anger that was burning inside me.
“If you want to put it that way then yes. Of course none of us knew this at the time, including your mother. Irene also didn’t know that she was pregnant with you.”
“So how did he get found out, assuming he did?”
“Ironically your mother, since she was the closest to him after all. When she found out though, she didn’t say anything to him and kept acting like everything was fine.”
“Why?” I demanded, if I found out that I was betrayed by someone I would just leave them behind.
“You won’t understand, and for your sake,” Headmaster shook his head. “I hope you never have to.” 
Of course I didn’t understand his cryptic meaning and got a headache trying to wrap my head around what he meant. Eventually I gave up and waited for him to continue, since my mom said she left I knew there was more to the story.
“Luckily for your mother, she had a best friend named Greg Zander.”
My mouth fell open, and then some pieces started putting themselves together as he continued.
“They were inseparable before your father came into the picture, and even afterwards they were close, but not to the extent they were before.” He pushed his glasses higher up on his nose. “He was always suspicious of Brian, and stuck close to Irene, slowly peeling her away from him. She seemed to snap one day and told Greg everything. He wanted to run away with her, but of course she was stubborn, like you.”
I smiled at the fact that I had something in common with my mother.
“When she realized she was pregnant with you, everything changed. Her motherly instincts kicked in and she left the Academy in middle of the night.”
“I thought it was impossible to escape from here.” I speculated and Headmaster chuckled.
“Nothing is impossible little girl.”
I smiled. “Really, you couldn’t think of anything more creative than that old man?”
“Sometimes I remember just how old I am, like today.” He stroked his small beard. “When she escaped, the teachers were frantic, but couldn’t find her anywhere. After a while we decided to announce that she had died on an S class mission.”
“She was alive though!” I gripped the arms of the chair in a painful grip. “Did she mean so little to this Academy that she just became dead in your eyes?”
“You should really listen to the rest of the story before you shout little girl.” Headmaster poked his ears, like that would help him regain hearing.
I relaxed a little in my chair and let him finish.
“After she left not only the teachers were in a panic, Brian was too. He may have been a traitor, but he still cared for her enough to also escape the Academy and look for her. At that point Greg had told the teachers everything he knew, excluding the fact that she was pregnant since she didn’t even tell him that.”
“So you didn’t really catch him in the act.” I said bluntly, and wondering once again who the rumored traitor in the school was. I was tempted to ask Headmaster about it, but I know he knows about the rumor.
“We never thought his ambition could go that far, but that was naivety on our part.” He shook his head in disappointment with himself. “We searched everywhere for him too…and we found him.”
I waited for him to tell me that my father was dead, but why would that guy mention my father if he was dead?
“Your father was already a full-fledged Hinter by then. So naturally we tried to capture him so he couldn’t give away our secrets.
“By capture I assume you mean kill?” I asked unsure of how traitors were treated.
“Yes, he knew too much, and was too ambitious and greedy for power for his own good.” All I could do was nod, although my lungs felt like they were constricting.
“Have people put together that I’m the daughter of a traitor?” I ask bitterly.
“Only the teachers and people who have seen him with the Hunters, but the students now don’t know about those incidents. So to answer your question, no they don’t know you’re the daughter of a Hunter.”
“Like that makes the situation any better.”
“Well would you rather they all know?” I answered with a grimace and he nodded with the unsaid that’s what I thought.
“So what happens now?” I ask
“Are you saying you want me to tell you what to do?”
“I’m asking for a second opinion!” I defended.
“Then let me ask you this; How far are you willing to go? Assuming you want to do what I think you do that is.”
“If you mean become a traitor, then yes. This place has become my home. I want to protect everyone here and the ones that can’t protect themselves from the Hunters.” The hidden name of my mom was gone unsaid yet lying in the shadows waiting for a chance to be said with confidence.
“Alright, as long as you are sure of your resolve, then you will start tomorrow.”
“What can I possibly do tomorrow? Don’t I have to prepare or something?” I said feeling anxiety rise within me, even though I already set my heart and mind to do this.
“You will be sent out again, and let yourself be found. We know they are watching you especially close.”
“Where should I go to let them ‘capture’ me? And why would they believe I would betray the academy?” I ask skeptically.
“You already know all those answers. The best advice I can give you is to use your instincts, don’t overthink anything.” Headmaster replied cryptic as ever.
“Then let me ask you this,” I said leaning across the desk “What makes you think I won’t betray you?”
As usual, the old man surprised me by chuckling, mixed with a rough cough here and there. “You and I both know that would never happen.” He gave me a knowing look and I rolled my eyes. “Now hustle back to your room, you have a big day tomorrow.”
“You sound like my mother now.” I say with traces of longing to see her again. I shook off the feeling, knowing I would help her by becoming a traitor in everyone’s eyes. I saluted Headmaster and walked out the door before his sad, soft blue eyes saw straight through me.
The smell of food in the morning woke me up with a growling stomach. I opened my eyes and the people I missed the most were all looking down at me.
“You’re burning a hole in my head, guys.” I say rubbing sleep from my eyes. Lilly and Rose leaned back first with shy smiles.
“What can I say, they’re twins.” Alice said with a casual shrug.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” They both chanted at the same time, making us all laugh. I winced, feeling the pain throbbing dully on the back of my head. I reached up to feel the damage, but it was still wrapped up so I couldn’t tell.
“Can I see the scar?” Mai asked anxiously from the end of me hospital bed. Everyone looked disgusted with her, but I just laughed and turned slightly so she could take off the wrapping.
“What do you think you’re doing?” a cold voice said from the doorway. Everyone’s attention went to Jeremy who was holding an omelet on a tray. My eyes lit up at the food, and I spoke up to break the silence.
“Alright, I’m not sharing so you can leave now. I’m really fine now, so go bake me some cupcakes or something!”
They felt more comfortable with me joking around and the dorm filed out to hopefully make me food.
“Well, obviously your appetite is back, so you must be fine.”
“I already said I was, but did you really have to freak them all out like that?” I asked grabbing for the omelet.
“I just didn’t want them messing with your bandages!” He snapped pulling the plate out of my reach. I grimaced and looked up at him.
“I heal fast remember?”
“Vaguely, but just like the gunshot, it won’t heal in just a day!” I made one final attempt for the omelet, but forgot I was on a bed and started to tumble right out of it.
“Watch it!” Jeremy yelled as he caught me before I fell off the bed, with the food still intact in his other hand. I stuck out my tongue and bonked my head with my fist.
“My bad,” I laughed nervously as Jeremy set me back into place in the middle of the bed. I was going to reach for the omelet again, but I think he sensed it and put in on my lap before I really did fall. I smiled and dug into it wondering when the last time I ate was.
“Slow down before you get indigestion.” Jeremy scoffed handing me a glass of orange juice.
“Never get in the way of a woman and food.” I say with as much attitude as possible. He snorted and took my now empty plate. I lie back down, and start wondering how I’m going to pull this off.
“I’m going now, so make sure to listen to the doctors, and for everyone’s sake don’t throw the tools at them again. Got it?” He warned and I looked out the window, whistling innocently.
“When did I do that?” I say airily “I don’t recall that.”
“They tried to take your blood and you threw the needle at the doctor.”
“It didn’t hit him though did it?” I crossed my arms.
“Only because you have a bad aim,” He replied blatantly “Now get some rest.” He pushed his finger on my forehead forcing me down. Once he left I felt the pressure of becoming a traitor set on my shoulders. I slowly opened the note that I was given the day I was attacked. All the note said on it was: Central Garden. I didn’t realize that guy Demetrius had put the note in my pocket until after I woke up in the hospital. I put the note back and peeled back the covers.
I got out of bed, put the pillows and blankets all back in place; like I was never even here. Walking towards the garage where I would meet Mr. Zander. He was the only person I could trust right now. This was technically an S class mission, which will be incomparable to the C class ones that I did before.
“You ready?” He asked as I got in the car.
“Ready enough, I don’t really know what I’m doing, but I heard going on instincts is the best way to go.”
“So young, yet so wise.” Mr. Zander replied pulling out onto the secret street that connects to the underground garage under the academy.
We made it to the right area where it would be easy to find me and I went alone, trying to seem as inconspicuous as possible. I walked over to a fountain, surrounded by stone paths, and flower gardens everywhere. This was where I needed to be, I could tell. It must’ve been one of those ‘instinctive’ moments I needed more of. I sat on the edge of the fountain and looked into the water. The coins gleamed in the late autumn sun. People’s hopes and wishes filled into one coin might seem ridiculous, but nothing is better than having something to hope for.
“I knew you would show up soon, but not this soon.” An annoying, yet familiar voice said to me from behind. I looked back at Demetrius who was smirking at me.
“The only thing that kept me from coming sooner was the fact that I was in the hospital.” I said, my voice dripping honey-covered resentment. He laughed, irritating me more and sat down casually beside me.
“Sorry ‘bout that, I didn’t think you would be taken down so easily.”
“Can we get the reason you planted that note in my pocket?” I snapped covering up me embarrassment from being beaten like I did.
“Of course you highness-“
“Don’t call me that,” He opened his mouth, and I snapped “EVER.” He lifted up his hands innocently.
“Okay, okay I got it.” He put his hands back down along with his smirk, and all seriousness took its place. “I assume you’re here because you want to meet your father right?”
I nodded.
“Then let’s go.” Demetrius got up and extended his arm. I knocked it out of my way and got up. He put his hands in his pockets and turned around. I glared at his back, but followed like a dog anyways.
“Where are we going exactly?” I ask seeing if I could get anything out of him. He was too alert for that unfortunately.
“You’ll see.” He replied in a guarded tone; he knew I was prying. I had to be more careful, and not seem too eager or curious.
“I’m supposed to report back to the academy you know.”
“Yeah I was wondering when you would report that your mission was a success.”
“What do you mean?” I ask cautiously, feeling sweat form on my forehead despite the cool weather.
“You know what I meant; that you’re here to get captured on purpose.” I froze in my tracks and thought of my next plan of attack.
“Well I suppose I’ve been caught,” I said catching up with him again. “But seeing as you are still taking me to meet a Hunter, you must not see me as a threat.”
“That’s one way to put it.” He said causally and kept walking.
“How do you know I’m not a threat?”
“I’ve seen you fight, remember?” I bristled at that, but kept my cool and smiled.
“Then again, you must also see me as an asset since you made an elaborate plan just to try and convince me to join you.”
“You’re pretty sharp. I can tell the academy has taught you well in the short amount of time you’ve been there.”
“Well of course.” I say like it should be obvious. 
He gives a low laugh. “You’re right, we did all that just for you, but don’t get too cocky yet. You don’t know that main question: why.”
My silence was an answer in itself. He seemed satisfied and we stopped bickering as we approached a sleek black car.
“Nice ride, very…discreet.” I commented getting into shotgun.
“Only the best.” He slid into the driver’s seat, and roared the engine to life. It was a nice car though, one couldn’t deny that, and it made me wonder where they got the funds for it.
“You’re wondering how we have the means to live like we do, right?” Demetrius says reading my mind.
“Maybe, but it’s not like I don’t have an idea.”
“Well I’m curious to hear it.” He mocked, driving swiftly and efficiently.
“Well I’m more curious as to why you don’t expect me to betray you as soon as we get to wherever it is you’re taking me.”
“You answered that yourself earlier.”
I looked at him with confusion.
“The fact that you came meant that you wanted to know. Scratch that, you needed to know.”
“Curiosity killed the cat after all.” I muttered and I could feel him smiling. He looked a lot better when he smiled, for a Hunter that is. He had a clean cut look that I wouldn’t have expected from his personality. His dark brownish-red hair and brown eyes gave a deceitfully calm and warm look. He had his ears pierced, but it somehow fit him in a way most guys couldn’t pull off.
“We’re almost there, so try to hold your questions for now.” I was about to say something, but bit my tongue when he gave me a sidelong look.
I kept track of all the details on the way there, storing them in my brain until I had the chance to write it down. Unfortunately by the time he stopped the car, I had forgotten the way there with all the twists and turns he took. I opened the car door in frustration and followed Demetrius an almost castle-like building, which must be their headquarters. We walked into the building and I admired the look of every rich color that shone through the stained glass windows. It was an authentic castle, just like the academy.
“I know what you’re thinking, and no it’s not just like the academy. Yours is actually built to look that way, this is authentic.” He said gesturing around him. I looked around and he was right, ours seemed real, but it was too modern; this one was preserved perfectly.
“What is it with everyone and castles?” I say myself as he leads me up a grand staircase covering in a rich blue carpet. The blue was a nice change from all the bright, blood-red at the academy.
“In here is where you can get your answers that you are so desperately searching for.” Demetrius mocked and I rolled my eyes.
“And where exactly is here?” I ask knowing there was no point in trying to be covert.
“Weren’t you paying attention on the drive here?” He asked in fake astonishment.
“There were too many damn turns.” I muttered, embarrassed that I could even remember what streets we turned on.
He patted my shoulder and I hissed, baring my teeth, which had now become a habit.
“Down kitty, now do you want to meet the leader of the Hunters or not?” I hesitated.
“Then you have to put the fangs back, and try not to cough up any fur balls when you talk to him.” I could feel myself bristle, but forced myself to calm down. 
“Better?”
“Much.” I said through clenched teeth.
“Alright, you ready to meet the top dog?” I ignored his analogy as he pushed open the doors. I felt my pulse race, and my palms started to itch as he led me into the start of my revenge.
Eleven
 Walking into the big room wasn’t as intimidating as I thought. It was just a normal room, well despite the fact that it was inside a castle.
“It’s been a long time hasn’t it?” A strong loud voice said from one side of the room by a bookcase. His back was to me, and I had a burning curiosity to see his face.
“What do you mean? Should I know who you are?” I ask trying to hide my disdain at the fact that he might know me. The Hunters ruined my family, just as they did to Jeremy’s and who knows how many others. The man turned around, and I felt like I may have seen him before, but nothing clicked.
“Don’t be so upset that you know a Hunter, it’s a good thing, trust me.” The man with scruffy brown hair, and green eyes said to me like he knew how I felt.
“Don’t patronize me.” I snapped, not liking that he seemed to be probing inside my head.
“Well I knew cats were snippy, but I thought a lion would be above all that.”
“How do you know what I am?”
“Like Demetrius said before, I know you better than you know yourself.” He walked over to me, overbearing and threatening at the same time. His confidence was unwavering, his confident stride showing an impenetrable wall. I didn’t like the thought of being overpowered, and involuntarily stepped back. It was as if I had no choice but to obey.
“Jeez, you just know everything don’t you?”
“That’s my job, now getting you to stay with us is another part of that job.”
“I came didn’t I?”
“Now we both know you had ulterior motives.” He gave me a knowing look and I narrowed my eyes. “Now that’s the look I want!” Their leader clapped his hands and walked up to me.
“So now that my mission is blown, what do you plan on doing?” I wanted to keep up my bravado for as long as possible.
“Well nothing, I know you’ll see the light soon so I’m not worried.”
“Don’t you think you’re underestimating me?”
“Yes.” He said bluntly and I was surprised at just how high his confidence was, it was inspiring and frustrating all at the same time.
“So do I get to know the great leaders name or not?” I ask crossing my arms.
"Only if you promise you won’t tell anyone.” He winked, and even though on the outside he was playful, I could see the threat lying underneath his words. I tried to keep my calm, and my mind fully alert, or he would catch me at any moment.
“Well that’s unfortunate, now that I’m disappointed, can I go back to the Academy?”
“How do I know you won’t rat me out?” He came closer, but I stood my ground this time, wanting to show him that I could handle anything he gave me.
“Well what do you have to offer?” I lifted my head in defiance. He bellowed with laughter, and I was shocked that he even knew how to laugh. It almost contradicted his whole appearance.
“There’s no way I can let you leave now. You must join us, and I’m assuming you came just for that reason right?” He looked at me with what seemed like pride and greed, and I felt extremely uncomfortable under his scrutinizing gaze.
“So you plan to keep me here? Like I said, give me some reason that I shouldn’t leave.”
“Would you listen if I told you your father wants you to stay?”
My bravado fell, my arms dropped to my sides and my mouth face went slack.
“What are trying to say?” I said in a whisper, afraid to ask.
“Do you really want to know?”
I didn’t answer, didn’t move, and didn’t nod.
“Well I’ll take that as a yes,” Their leader said, and I looked at him waiting for him to say it. “Hey Lydia, do you remember when you were born and your father wasn’t around?”
I just stared at him.
“No?” He shook his head. “Well I should’ve guessed that Irene wouldn’t tell you about me.”
Hearing my mother’s name snapped me out of my trance and I looked at him with a sudden ferocity.
“No, she didn’t…” I said, even though that wasn’t completely true.
“Well either way, you have returned to where you belong, so it all worked out.”
“So because your my newly found father, I should just join you?” I said letting my emotions start to show. I started taking deep breaths to calm myself, but it didn’t work out very well. My tail popped out, my ears shot straight up, and I felt my claws start to come out. My teeth were bared, and this time I could stop it.
“She’s changing!” I heard someone yell from behind me. There was awe, and yet some fear in the Demetrius’ voice. I wondered just how much Hunters could really do to us, when even they were scared of us. I felt that glow that I saw my mom give off when she transformed in front of me before. I felt my body contract and stretch in order for me to take the form of a lion. The world seemed to spin, and show a golden glow. I wondered if that’s what it looked like to them, but there was no way I could give off a glow like that.
“Stand back, she could attack any second now.” Demetrius cautiously stepped backwards, and I smirked that he seemed to lose some of his cool edge. He must’ve seen my smirk as something different because he flashed out a pair of daggers instantly. I felt my heart race from seeing how quickly and efficiently he handled the blades, showing he’s killed an Anima before.
“Put it down, this seems to be the first time she’s transformed fully and might not be able to control it.” My newly found father said with warning in his voice. I swung my mane-covered head his way and bared my teeth. He looked at my with awe and pride, and it made me sick to think this man used to be like me; still is.
“Can you change back now Lydia?” He asked in a calm and convincing voice. I felt myself needed to listen to him, but I had no way of knowing how to change back.
“Just let you instincts take over,” Reading my thoughts “Remember how it felt to be in your human form, and let your body take back its original shape.”
I closed my eyes and felt my claws start to retract, my teeth shorten, my tail disappear and my mane fade into messy golden hair. My body started to hunch over until I was kneeling on my hands and knees breathing heavily.
I heard clapping.
“That was amazing.” Demetrius said in awe.
“So I take it you can’t transform?” I cracked my neck, and stretched my body.
“No, but it doesn’t mean I can’t take you out with one blow.” He seemed to have gotten his earlier confidence back, but at least I knew it could be shaken.
“Want to test it out?” I smile, and he smiles back. He started to roll up his sleeves and I did the same, but we got interrupted by my dad.
“You can test it out all you want when you start training with us.” My dad said with an underlying note of authority.
“How did you suddenly make the decision I would be staying with you Brian?” I ask unable to admit he was my father.
“I do wish you would call me dad, but since it’s so new, I will let It slide.” He sat on the corner of a medieval looking desk and crossed his arms.
I looked at him levelly, waiting for him to continue.
“You liked the power you felt when you transformed right?”
I just looked at him, wondering if that was true.
“You get that from me, and soon you will want more of it.” I tried not to show my disgust with that statement, which was that reason why he ruined my mom.
“How would I get more than I already have?” I ask looking at Brian from the corner of my eyes.
He smiled. “I knew you had my blood in you,” He came up to me and put his hands on my shoulders. I refused to show how much  I wanted to slap them off and looked at him with what I hoped was curiosity.
“So how do I get it?” I urged
“By joining us, and becoming a spy.” He said simply.
“And how will that help me?” I ask suspiciously.
“You’ll learn just how powerful we can be, and want to be a part of it.”
“So will these training sessions help me be as strong as a Hunter?”
“Even better than, since you’re an Anima as well.”
I pondered over everything he said and felt the need to get stronger burn within me, reminding me how much alike me and Brian were.
“You will start immediately.” He clapped his hands once, and snapped his fingers. Demetrius came to his side and listened intently to the orders of his leader. They both never took their eyes off me as they talked, making me know they didn’t completely trust me yet. It was better than I thought, since having them trust me right away would be even more suspicious.
“You will return to the Academy now, with this cell phone.”
“Wouldn’t they notice, I don’t know…pretty obviously?” I asked as they put the shiny new black phone in my hand. 
As I examined the phone Brian told me what features it had, and who would be the only ones to contact me through it. It seemed Demetrius was in charge of watching me and reporting everything I did to Brian.
“We will have frequent meetings, and they will know about it. They will just assume you are getting information from us and giving it to them.”
“How will they know I haven’t betrayed them?”
“Learn to act sweetheart, it helps if you can lie without giving anything too.”
“Don’t call me that,” I snapped at Demetrius and turned to Brian “I know how it all works, so can I go now?”
“Yes, I suppose any longer and they will get suspicious. Alright D go bring her back to the Academy.”
“Yes sir.” Demetrius, or D bowed (yes he actually bowed) and opened the door for me to follow him out.
“Did you seriously just bow to him?” I asked as we reached the point where I was to meet Mr. Z again.
“You will realize how important hierarchy is when you spend more time with us.” D said pulling up to the curb. I got out and peeked back in at him.
“As long as the time with you is as little as possible.” I smiled before slamming the door before he could respond. I could feel him smiling as I walked back to Mr. Zander.
I didn’t think I could have been more surprised than finding out I wasn’t really human, but today’s discovery topped it. I guess I should’ve known in the new world there would be only more surprises to discover. Part of me wanted more than anything was to be normal, but another part was excited and curious to find out these new surprises.
“Did your mission go well?” Mai asked at breakfast. I get back extremely late at night since I have to give a synopsis of everything that happens to Headmaster and Mr. Z. to everyone else I was doing a B class mission with Mr. Zander, and wasn’t allowed to talk about it; which that part was at least true. It was more of an S class mission since most of it would be done by me, but Headmaster and Mr. Z were in on it so ‘technically’ it’s not.
“Yeah it went well! I’m back at it today.” I said with as much enthusiasm as I could muster, which still wasn’t much.
“Jeez, you’re gone almost every day, and for almost the whole day, I don’t understand what you could be doing.” Mai pouted and stared at my breaded shrimp. I rolled my eyes and shoved my plate at her.
“Still have your appetite I see.” I mutter and turn to Alice, Lilly and Sophia who were on the other side of the table. They were trying not to seem too interested, but it didn’t really work out well. I told them all what I could, capturing the attention of everyone at the table. After we finished I would have to leave for my mission again. I grabbed my gym bag, and walked to where I would meet Mr. Zander. It’s been about a month since I started this mission, and they still didn’t seem to fully trust me, but I knew some final test would be coming up soon. The thought of it made me get really nervous, but whatever it was, I knew I would have to do it thoroughly.
“Where have you been lately?” Jeremy’s voice said casually from behind me. I whipped around in surprise and saw him leaning up against a tree eating an apple. He tossed aside the core and strode towards me. I felt my pulse speed up, and my heart gave an unstoppable kick when he smiled.
“So much for ice barrier...” I muttered to myself.
“What ice barrier?” He asked and I imagined myself smacking my head against a tree. I always seemed to be forgetting that even whispers could be heard easily.
“Nothing,” I mumbled then felt my phone vibrate and I froze. “I have to go, I’ll…see you later?” when in truth it had been a long time since I’ve seen him. It was mid-November, and all I wanted to do was wear a thick scarf, a chunky sweater, and curl up next to a fireplace. I know I sounded like a cat, but hell I was one after all. The sooner I accepted that, the easier it was for me to handle everything.
“You think you can keep this up?” He asked and I felt my body tense up. There’s no way he could know about my mission, Mr. Z himself wouldn’t tell anyone. I hadn’t given anything away; I hadn’t even really seen Jeremy in a long time (not that it kept me from thinking about him).
“Don’t worry,” I said flexing an arm “I’m tough.” I turned around before I gave him a reason to suspect me of anything. The thing I feared most I realized, was having him and everyone else at the Academy lose trust and faith in me. I was new, and they finally accepted me once I went on this mission.
“She deserves to be here…She belongs here…How come she didn’t come sooner?” were all things I had heard around school, and I felt pride and confidence in my non-human self for the first time.
“Did you hear the recent rumor that’s been going around?” 
I turned around with guarded curiosity, when I didn’t say anything he continued in his arrogant voice.
“No, I suppose not since you are barely here to even hear it.” He shook his head in mock disappointment.
“You mind getting to the point already?” I ask irritated that he might know something that I don’t.
“They say that there’s an undercover Hunter here. Or I suppose you could call it a double agent or spy; in my words, a traitor.” His eyes burned into mine and I felt me pulse race uncontrollably. I tried to seem uninterested, but it he didn’t seem to buy it.
He smiled dangerously. “Did you know that they’re saying you’re the main suspect?”
Twelve
I felt the winter coming early. A cold wind knocked me on my ass with a hard blow. I didn’t understand how everyone could have figured it out.
I laughed and tried to seem careless. “And how did they make that conclusion?”
“Think about it,” He started to circle me like a trapped animal. “A new kid shows up, which is unheard of in the first place and suddenly is on a B class mission?”
“So-” I started, but got cut off.
“Not only did you learn to fight quickly-”
“That’s because of your Hitler methods!” I interjected and he held up his finger.
“You also started off on a C class mission, and rose to a B faster than anyone else has before.”
“I’m a fast learner. Where’s my credit?” I crossed my arms.
“I still think it’s a little strange that you keep leaving almost every day, and don’t come back until late.”
“Don’t like it? Then take it up with Mr. Z or Headmaster!”
“But why would I do that when you are right here?” Jeremy taunted, still circling me making me want to defend myself.
“I don’t have time for this.” I made a move to leave, but he blocked my way. He was acting like I was a criminal, like a Hunter. Although right now it seems like he’s the hunter, and I’m the prey.
“I bet you don’t, what’s taking up all your time Lydia?
“One, it’s none of your business, and two; since when do call me by my name?” I made another move to escape, but he kept right up with me.
“Would you prefer I call you something else?” He made a move towards me and I stumbled backwards, tripping over the snow a little. 
I caught my balance and dropped my gym bag.
“Like traitor?” He sneered and that’s when I snapped. I lunged at him, thinking of all the things I had learned from him. I didn’t want to use all the new techniques the Hunters taught me, because I felt dirty when I used them, but if it came to it…
“What? Don’t you like that term? Does it hit too close to home?”
“Would you want to be called that?” I snarled and plunged my shoulder into his stomach. Then I swung my leg around catching him in the side and made quick jabs anywhere I could reach. The last move was me pushing him down with all my might into the snow drift, knocking the breath out of him. I don’t know if I had seen him that stunned before in my life, and it would have been worth it if I hadn’t just given away my mission.
I froze, and our eyes were locked in a burning moment. He swung his leg, catching me off guard, and I fell into the snow beside him. I quickly got on my knees and hovered over him, my hair hanging in my face. He then flipped me over onto my back, and pinned me there.
I felt my teeth sharpen, and my claws were itching to unsheathe to protect myself from whatever seemed threatening.
“That was a Hunter’s move.” Jeremy accused. I already knew I messed up, but I didn’t understand how I could use one of their moves subconsciously like that. It was like I forgot what Jeremy and the Academy had taught me, and only had the Hunters’ moves in my head.
“So what if it was?” I snapped, frantic to get away. I started squirming, but he was just as strong as before, so I stopped trying.
“Now how would little Lydia know a move like that?” He pretended to ponder that thought and I grew more and more anxious.
“Simple observation.” Was my pathetic excuse that we both knew wouldn’t fool anyone, especially to someone who taught you everything you knew about fighting. I couldn’t top my frantic heartbeat, so I did the last desperate thing I could think of.
I leaned upwards towards Jeremy and kissed him as well as I could with my arms still pinned to the ground. I felt him freeze up in shock and I pushed him off me as quick as I could. It was harder than I thought though, not because he was heavy or I wasn’t strong enough, but because I didn’t want to stop.
Running away to where I would meet Mr. Z and go to the Hunters, I realized that getting caught wasn’t the only reason for my heart beating like it was; still is.
“You’re late!” Mr. Z scolded as I reached the meeting spot, gasping for air. “And since when did you ever run out of breath just from running from your dorm to here?”
“There’s a rumor around school that I’m the traitor.” I panted. “You didn’t hear about it?”
“I knew, but I didn’t particularly want you to know about it.” He replied with a scowl, and I glared at him.
“How could you not tell me?” I demanded.
“It would only affect you negatively.”
“Damn right it would!”
“Then you should understand that you need to do better if you don’t want to be suspected Lydia.”
“But-” He looked at me meaningfully and I sighed heavily, my anger simmering down. He was right after all, like he usually was.
“Always the voice of reason, you’re right, it’s my fault.”
“Admitting that right there Lydia, shows you are ready to follow through with this mission ‘till the end.” Said Mr. Z in an approving voice, and I felt my resolve to do the best I could on the mission.
“Yes sir.” I responded with a salute. We both smiled like father and daughter sharing some special moment all the way to enemy territory.
“Are you ready?” Demetrius asked as he set down the practice mat.
“Are we doing more hand-to-hand combat?” I complained wanting to learn something else.
“Yes, until you can beat me you are going to keep doing this.” He got into his position and I grimaced.
“I could knock you out in ten second flat if I wanted to.” I muttered.
He put a hand to his ear. “What was that, why don’t you show me instead of telling me. Actions speak louder than words after all.”
I rolled my eyes and darted forward, ducking and swerving around his fist, placing my fists in deliberate spots. He seemed taken aback as I continued without fear; after all I didn’t have anything to fear as long as I knew where I was going.
He blocked one of my punches and was posed to swing his leg, but I saw it coming. The more I practiced with him, the more I recognized what he would do next, giving me an advantage.
“What was that?” Demetrius asked dumbfounded lying on the mat with a hand on his chest.
“I saw your next move before you even attempted it and caught you off guard.” I say simple as I sit next to him with my water bottle.
“Why haven’t you used it before?”
“Just didn’t feel like it.” I replied wondering why I never beat him yet, when I knew I could. If I could beat Jeremy in my first week, then I could for sure beat D.
“My ass,” He muttered and I laughed.
“Your ass is on the floor, exactly where I made it go.”
“Watch it or I might make your ass go flat from landing so hard.”
I burst out laughing, and he looked at me like I was crazy. “That was pathetic for one, and I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I already have a flat ass.” I slapped my hip and stood up, stretching.
“Well I didn’t want to say anything.” He said trying to recover from his previous embarrassment.
“Alright, let’s just start something else since I already know everything you have to teach me.” I offered him my hand and he grabbed it, pulling me back down on the mat beside him. I felt a sudden flash of Jeremy doing the same thing earlier, and I felt my cheeks flush.
He raised his eyebrow. “Are you that exhausted, or is there something else on your mind?”
“Shut up.” I say as try to stand up. He flips me over and leans over me, just as Jeremy did and I shiver involuntarily. He smiled and took that as an invitation. He leaned forward to kiss me and I almost let him, thinking that he was Jeremy.
Instead, I grabbed his head between my hands and head-butted him. He sat up rubbing his forehead with a scowl.
“What was that for?” He whined.
“What do you think?” I replied sardonically, waiting for my heart to stop beating at its un-regular pace. Why did I keep thinking of Jeremy, and why can’t I regret kissing him? I pounded my fist on my heart, as if it would make it stop.
“I’m going to assume we’re done for the day?” I ask looking at him as if daring him to object.
“Normally I would say yes, but today we have something extra for you do to.” He said getting back into his Hunter mode.
“Like what?” I ask with all my senses on high alert. I felt that something would be coming soon, and this must’ve been it.
“It’s your last test to prove you are truly ready to join us.” His eyes burned into mine, and I tried not showing how anxious I was getting.
“About time, I was waiting for you to finally see my potential.” I replied coolly, and I could tell he was searching for any sign of uneasiness.
“We already know you have potential or we wouldn’t have even bothered with you.” He and I both knew that wasn’t true, since my father happened to be the head Hunter, not hat either of us would mention it.
“Right, well can I see my father for a bit?” I ask in a nervous voice. I always called him Brian, so this was taking a step forward hopefully.
He smiled, taking it as a positive sign. “Of course, he will be glad to hear you finally asking for him.”
I smiled the best I could and followed him to where Brian was waiting for me; his daughter to join him once and for all.
Thirteen
“You’re finally ready to become my daughter?” Brian asked as I met him in his office, bracing myself for what he had planned for me.
“I’ve always been your daughter.” I replied confidently. He smiled and put a hand on my shoulder.
“Now how do I know you aren’t just saying that? Are you fine with betraying your mom like this?”
“How is it betraying when we’re all related?”
He laughs. “How right you are my dear.”
I smile, and try to seem natural about it, but with difficulty. He was everything that I resented, but then I realized he’s what I needed to become.
“She doesn’t get a say in what I do.” I continue cruelly. “After all she sent me to the Academy knowing how horrible it was, as well as not telling me my father was still alive. Not to mention that he could teach me more than the people at the Academy could.”
“There’s no doubt you’re my daughter now.” He declares proudly and pulls me into a ‘fatherly’ hug. I hug him back, and for a second wonder if this is what a fathers embrace should feel like. I was just glad nobody could read my mind, or else my wavering would show through.
“I bet not growing up with a father was hard.” He said in what seemed like compassion, but with such a cold and calculating man; one could never be sure.
“Working with you will make up for it.” I say, partly telling the truth. He leans back from the hug, hands back on my shoulders.
He looks me square in the eyes and says “Then are you ready to prove yourself to everyone?”
I nod and reply, “Of course dad.”
I got back in late once again, my mind running in circles, my body numb as I lay down on my bed staring at blackness.
“You’ve been at the Academy long enough to know the term ‘Black Cat’ right?” My father told me when he was telling me what my final assessment would be.
I tensed up and forced myself to relax again. “It’s an alias for someone who the Hunters haven’t been able to identify yet.”
“Correct!” He shouted and urged me on. “Now, I assume you know who it is right?” My tongue felt as rough as sandpaper, and I couldn’t force myself to answer right away.
“Yes…” I finally say, hoping he won’t ask me to do what I feel is coming. I felt a rock drop in my stomach, and I felt like throwing up, but waited for him to tell me anyways.
“I’m not asking you to tell me their name if that’s what you’re wondering.” He says like that should calm me down.
“Then what do you want me to do?” I ask in a voice that didn’t sound like my own. Jeremy is the last person who I wanted to get dragged into this.
“I want you to bring them to me.” My dad says in a cold voice, and I know what will happen if I bring him here.
“You want me to recruit him?” I ask hopefully, and he smiles.
“That is the plan,” He put his hand on my head and ruffled my hair. “I knew you were my daughter when I first saw you.”
I smiled, unable to say anything more and I was sent on my way to become the traitor Jeremy already thought I was.
The next morning came, without me ever closing my eyes. I was to torn about what to do. I dreaded what I had to do, but I knew I was going to follow through with it…no matter what. They say your emotions shouldn’t get involved with missions; now I know why.
Not sure when it happened, but I realized how much Jeremy meant to me. Admitting it in my head was one thing, but saying it out loud was another. I doubted that I would ever be able to express myself, especially after what will happen today.
“I was waiting for you to wake up!” Mai yelled latching onto my arm, and Alice was right beside her. I felt so distant from them recently that I didn’t even know who they liked, or what grades they were getting. The missions they went on, the accomplishments they made or the goals they set. I realize it was only a little over a month, but a lot can happen in a month, especially at the Academy.
“Well I needed that sleep so deal with it.” I lied sticking out my tongue. She smiled and stuck her tongue out right back at me. Alice continued watching us bicker in silent amusement, and I wondered if she also believed I was the traitor. I could already tell the difference in the way people treated me now. Whenever I was around, that is.
“If you’re done cutting off my circulation,” I said peeling Mai’s arm off me “I need food now.” She pouted and it put me more at ease knowing her personality hadn’t changed a bit. We all ate breakfast together, and I wondered how long I could be with them like this.
A sudden silence passed through our dorm and I looked over to where the commotion started. I felt every muscle in my body tense up as I saw Jeremy striding towards me purposefully. His ice blue eyes locked with my emerald ones in a brief burning moment. I felt my heart knocking against my chest, threatening to give itself over to Jeremy, but I wouldn’t let it.
“Come with me.” He ordered as he reached my seat and grabbed me by the arm. Normally I would knock him on his ass, or make a scene, but I had to see him today anyways. It may as well have been on his terms.
I tried yanking my arm away once we got out of the dorm into the freezing weather of Colorado’s winter. When his grip just got tighter, I stopped resisting and followed him to the big willow draped by our dorm. It was my favorite tree to look at when I had the time. Even in the winter when it was covered in snow, it was breath taking.
I walked a little faster, matching my footsteps with his, and it almost seemed like we were a couple taking a casual walk, holding hands, but casual isn’t a word that fits here.
“Okay I think we’re far enough out, now what do you want?” I demanded as we went underneath the willow, with its long snow-covered tendrils surrounding us like a shield.
“This.” He said pushing me against the tree and kissed me before I could even react. It felt as deep as the stop pile we were standing in. I felt like the snow would melt right there from how hot I felt, and prayed he wouldn’t realize my feelings for him.
The funny thing is...even though I don’t want him to know, I couldn’t bring myself to pull away from him. Since I would be the one to betray him after all, I would let him do what he wanted before he realized I was handing him over to the Hunters.
He pulled back and waited for the other person to say something. I figured it was my job to bring things back to normal so I punched him in the gut.
“What was that for?” I demanded, although it didn’t sound like a demand. He just backed up a few steps and put his hands in his pockets.
“Payback, times ten.” He replied simply, obviously not as affected as I was by the kiss. It was just another reason for me not to confess.
I rolled my eyes and was planning on walking away, but I knew I still had to trick him into coming with me.
“That last time didn’t even count as a kiss.” I protested half-heartedly, “Not compared to this one…”
Even though the last part was barely audible and would’ve sounded like a mumble to a human, it was clear as day to Jeremy.
He smiled (more like a smirk) and I could tell he was happy with himself. I gathered up my courage, and stored my feelings and emotions under lock and key in the back of my heart.
“Now if you don’t mind, I need to get to my assignment.” I walked away and half expected him to protest, half wishing he would. Then I noticed that he wasn’t saying anything on purpose. He seemed to be waiting a certain distance before following me. 
This is how I’m going to get him to the Hunters, by pretending I don’t know that he’s tailing me.
I stared out the window the whole way there, making minimal comments to Mr. Zander who I didn’t even tell about Jeremy. If he knew I doubt he would’ve stayed silent about it. But even if he told me to stop, or to not drag Jeremy into this, I knew I couldn’t follow his orders. My mission will be done thoroughly and efficiently.
I walked up to Demetrius where we always met up, which was the same place I let first met him. I knew Jeremy was still following me, but one thing I was curious of is how he got out of the Academy. There was a pretty long procedure to get out, and it was always with an adult, unless you were on an S class mission. Even on S class missions, they have to know when and where you would be at all times.
“You’re late...again.” He observed, raising an eyebrow with the unspoken question about my recent mission.
“I had to bring someone along, in a more…creative way.” I replied and looked out of the corner of my eyes to show him what I meant. He followed my gaze and realized that I was being followed. His eyes lit up with understanding and nodded his approval. I followed him to his car, and he opened the door for me, giving Jeremy time to catch up. I got in, and he went to the driver’s side. I looked in the side view mirror, and I caught a glimpse of Jeremy, but he slipped out of sight just as quick as he appeared.
“Now I understand why they call him Black Cat.” Demetrius comments, turning onto another road, making sure he stays within sight.
“Not technically right, but in the same family.” I say to myself, looking out the window and dreading what would come next.
“Wait, you know what animal he is?” He asked with genuine surprise.
“I never said that,” I defended “But I guess you’ll just have to find out for yourself.”
“Well I suppose sooner or later he will have to.” He replied casually, and I feel a cold burst of wind chill me to the bones.
“Why would he need to transform?”
“Obviously he would try and defend himself, its instinct.”
“Are you going to attack him?”
“You almost sound like you care” Demetrius observes, and gives me a sidelong look, and I return his stare not wanting to give anything away. He didn’t realize how true that statement was.
He looks away, and I know I can’t ask any more questions without him getting suspicious of me; if he wasn’t already.
“He’s a quick bastard isn’t he?” I turned around and saw a flicker of movement from behind a tree.
We walked into the building, and I head Demetrius give the guards certain instructions which I figured it had to do with Jeremy.
Once we got to the elevator, I felt my anxiety growing more by the second. What had I gotten myself into? What had I gotten Jeremy into? I didn’t show my worries, and I hoped he couldn’t somehow sense me wavering.
“How long do you think it will be until he catches up to us?” He looked at his watch and I assumed it wouldn’t take long, not that I would share my faith in him to Demetrius.
I could tell he was nearby, and I looked around discreetly as possible, not wanting him to see m frantic searching. I wanted to tell Jeremy to run away, but I knew it was too late to tell him anything now; because he was right above us.
Fourteen
The elevators top lifted up, and the star of the show dropped in. I was hoping that he would somehow get caught, or run away; but it was Jeremy after all.
“Well that was done in record time.” Demetrius said in a calm voice, and Jeremy instantly looked from me to him and knew he had been set up. I wanted to look away in shame, but forced myself to look at the betrayal in his eyes. I deserved that look, and knew apologizing would be no use now. His eyes searched mine, but I couldn’t give anything away, less Demetrius pick up on it.
I tore my gaze away from his and looked back at Demetrius. “What was the record before?” I ask in a cold and emotionless voice.
He laughs and replies, “There wasn’t one!” I laugh with him, but there was no humor in it.
“What the hell is going on Lydia?” Jeremy says in a voice that resembled how he spoke to me the first time we met; cold and cruel.
“You’re about to meet our leader.”
“Our?” He says mystified.
“Yes, me and D.” I reply pointing and me and Demetrius, who was mildly amused by the infamous Black Cat.
“D?”
“Any other things you want me to repeat?” I ask in an irritated voice. The elevator doors slowly opened, and I felt like everything was going in slow motion.
“Follow us.” I grab Jeremy’s arm in a harsh grip, twisting it behind his back and even though he could overpower me, he didn’t resist. Curiosity killed the cat, I think to myself.
“Quite the castle, it’s almost as nice as the Academy.” Jeremy observes seeming to regain some of his bravado.
“Except that yours is fake, just like the rest of you monsters.” Demetrius sneered, and I held back the urge to beat him to a pulp. He looks back at me, but I stay emotionless.
“You realize that our leader is an Anima right?” I ask keeping my grip on Jeremy as tight as possible. I felt him tense up at the comment, and I knew he didn’t know this.
“His views are the same though, I’m sure he would even call his wife and daughter the same thing.” He continues in a spiteful tone. I felt my claws starting to unsheathe, but if they did that, Jeremy would be the one covered in blood, so I forced them back. One thing I had been learning here that I was actually grateful for was helping me control my emotions and transformations.
“So where is the great leader of yours?” Jeremy asks and I wanted to slap him too. Making an enemy right off the bat is something only he could accomplish. I twist his arms harder, but he doesn’t flinch even though I knew it had to hurt a lot. I suppose in his eyes though, nothing hurts more than betrayal.
“Shut up.” I snarled, before Demetrius could do anything to Jeremy.
We led him to the old castle doors that led to my father on the other side. 
Demetrius pushed open the doors and we were ushered in. I released Jeremy once we were inside, since there was no way either of us could escape at this point.
“So is this really the infamous Black Cat?” My dad asks getting up from his large desk and coming around to stand in front of us. He inspects Jeremy with curiosity, and seems to like what he sees. I could almost feel the hate radiating off of him as my dad got close. I forgot that my dad was the one responsible for killing his family, and I felt a whole new weight set on my chest. There was no way for me to face Jeremy again after this. If he didn’t hate me already; he would after finding out about my connection to the Hunters.
“Yes.” I respond in a dead voice that matched how I was feeling.
“Excellent, although I’m surprised that you got him here so easily, being that no one here even knew what he looked like. I’m impressed Lydia.” I nodded my head in acknowledgment, unable to say anything.
He clapped his hands together and gestured for me to sit him down. I was going to usher Jeremy into the seat next to us, but he seemed to finally snap.
“What the hell have you done to Lydia?” He snarled, approaching my dad, teeth bared. My dad didn’t even blink an eye, but Demetrius was posed to strike at any second.
“Calm down D.” My father ordered, and he did just that, although his eyes never left the back of Jeremy’s head.
“Can’t you just torture your own pitiful daughter?” Jeremy continued in wrath.
“Stop now Jeremy.” I say, not wanting him to know yet.
He whipped his head back at me, eyes full of hatred. “Shut up, unless you want to be the first person I kill here.” I knew he didn’t mean it, but it didn’t mean it hurt any less. I deserved more than his hatred though. Part of me wished he would kill me if it would make him feel better, which I doubted. The worst part was…I couldn’t even apologize.
“Oh, so he doesn’t know yet, then would you like to meet my ‘pitiful’ daughter?” My father says, thoroughly enjoying the drama that was unfolding.
“What?” Jeremy said looking around the room, and his eyes locked with mine. Dad beckoned me to step forward, and I did. I stood beside him, letting everyone examine the similarities between us. If I thought I had seen Jeremy at his worst, this had surpassed it. I have never seen someone look more betrayed and scared in my life. Maybe this is what my mom looked like when she realized what her love had become. Or maybe the same way Mr. Zander had felt when his best friend left, with everyone thinking she was dead.
“You’re lying.” He says in denial, even though I can see the fear, and truth behind his eyes. I almost blurted out everything; opening my mouth just to close it again. If anything, I just wanted him to know I loved him, even though I knew he wouldn’t believe me now. Tears threatened to escape, but I wouldn’t let them.
Now, to prove that she’s my daughter, let’s finalize your test to become one of us.” I looked at him in surprise.
“I thought all I had to do was bring him here for you to recruit him?” I ask, trying not to sound as terrified as I felt.
“Does he look like he’s willing to join us anytime soon?” He asked rhetorically.
“No...” I say defeated. I lock eyes with Jeremy and half pray that he will suddenly break away and never come back.
“Now let’s help you finish up your assignment.” Dad clapped his hands, and D and someone else grabbed Jeremy dragging him back through the door.
“Where are they taking him?” I ask, hiding the terror in my heart.
“Well let’s follow them and find out shall we?” He offered his arm, and I felt sickened to take it as we followed after them.
“What is this place?” I ask as we step outside, letting the snow and coldness take over my body. I didn’t deserve to feel warm, and the cold helped numb the pain that wouldn’t go away.
I wanted to yell at Jeremy to leave now while he had the chance, but I couldn’t make the words come out. My arm was still wrapped around my fathers’ as we walked towards them. He dropped my arm as pushed me forward until I was a few feet in front of Jeremy, who look like a caged tiger, ready to kill. 
Breaking down his walls was a mistake on my part, because for every wall I knocked down, a piece of my heart went to him. Seeing him raw and hurt right now made me realize that I had already given my whole heart to him when I kissed him.
“Now, are you ready for the finale?” My father announces like an old warlord. There weren’t too many people around, but those who were started clapping and hollering as if they knew what was coming next.
My father turned to me. “Now kill him.”
Fifteen
I almost collapsed from the sheer emotion that passed through me at that moment. I felt like throwing up and killing myself and everyone around me. The world felt like it was turned upside down, and Jeremy’s face seemed to reflect what I was feeling. 
“Now kill him.” The words kept ringing in my head, making my brain spin in circles, unable to get back on track.
I walked dully forward like a zombie, and Jeremy just watched as if he was okay with me killing him. I didn’t understand him, and I knew I wouldn’t be able to find out…
NO. This isn’t the end. A part of my mind said to me. I realized that there was still a way for him to escape safely.
I walked more confidently forward and instantly changed into my full transformation. Jeremy was as still as ever, as if he was in awe by my transformation. A war between lion and tiger ought to be an interesting one, not that this one would be real; to the Hunters anyways.
When he still didn’t move, I kicked snow at him with my paw, but he still didn’t move. I snarled and lashed at him, cutting his stomach through his clothes making him bleed through long gashes. Even though I was the one hurting him, it was hurting me ten times worse. When he still didn’t transform I realized that he didn’t want to give away what animal he was. 
I don’t know how he had gotten away with the title Black Cat all this time considering he was a white tiger, but I planned to keep his secret. 
I transformed back into my human form in a split-second, and lunged at him again. This time he reacted. He charged at me, and we met in a chaotic crash in mid-air. We landed on the ground lightly like the cats we were would’ve done.
I snarled at him, baring my sharpened teeth, and he did the same back. I unsheathed my claws, and he also did the same. We circled and snapped our fangs at each other waiting for the other person to make a move. I took the chance and darted towards him. We wrestled on the ground landing blows wherever we could, and I realized this was the best either of us had fought before. It would’ve been a lot better if we were fighting against the Hunters instead of each other though.
“Lydia.” He said my name, but I couldn’t tell if it was pleading, or a curse. Either way it tore at my heart. I fought back tears, and slashed at him again, creating a long gash down his arm. He cut me too, and our clothes were in random shreds scattered in the snow. I didn’t even feel the cold, only the heat from the battle, and the blood spread throughout the courtyard.
“Jeremy!” I yelled like a battle cry, knocking him down into the blood covered snow. They were far enough away now that they shouldn’t be able to hear us so I spoke in a love, desperate voice.
“Please.” Was what I said when Jeremy was about to knock me off him. “Keep struggling, just listen before you do anything.” I continued to try and overpower him enough to keep them thinking I was going to kill him. His hands were on my shoulder to keep the illusion as I reached for the blade in my jacket. His eyes widened in surprise, but he still followed my lead for now.
“I’m sorry…for everything.” I say letting my tears spill onto his face, and he looks like he’s still afraid to believe me; not that I could blame him.
I thrust the blade into my side, letting my blood pour onto his white shirt. Why he wore white, when he always seemed to wear dark colors was beyond me. His eyes filled with emotions that I couldn’t read and he grabbed me arm holding the blade.
“What in the hell are you doing?” He demanded in a frantic voice.
“Just shut up, I’m running out of energy here.” I said with effort and I rolled, letting him hover over me for a brief moment before flipping him back under me again. He seemed to understand, but I could tell he didn’t want to follow through with it.
“Stop now, I’ll do the rest!” He whispered fiercely and I gave a pained smile. I let him scratch me once more, deeply enough to convince the Hunters and my dad. I swung the blade in an arc, and pretended to jab it deep into his heart, and I felt him go limp, but his eyes were still open.
“Now what do you plan on doing?” He asked, and I couldn’t tell him, because I didn’t really know. My hair had fallen out of its braid long ago, and I let it fall forward creating a protective wall over us; just like the willow had. I kissed him once again letting him feel all the emotions I was feeling, not able to tell him I loved him.
“Actions speak louder than words.” I said pulling away.
“Then let me show you through my actions...” I shook my head, and he closed his eyes. 
I heard clapping, and they must have though I killed him so I lifted my head and raised my arms. I was still straddling him, but was too weak to get up. I could feel my side already closing up, so the Hunters would have no idea. The bloody blade and the evidence would be left in the snow and in our bodies.
Jeremy was covered in blood, and that was all that mattered. The cold weather made him look pale and sickly, giving the perfect image of someone who just died.
They walked over to me and clapped me on the shoulders, and patted my back with approval. They scattered after a while, but my dad stayed by me.
“I’ll get rid of the body if you want.” He said putting a hand on my shoulder.
“No, I will finish my assignment completely.” I said getting up and lifting Jeremy’s limp body onto my back. I was still weak from the loss of blood, but I still had a good amount of strength left. My dad looked at me with pride and told me where I could go and dispose of him.
I followed his direction to the back of the castle, where a large burn pit lay. They burned their victims, getting rid of their existence completely. I was thoroughly disgusted, but at least now Jeremy was safe, and that was all that mattered. When I made sure nobody was watching I set him down and pulled out a match and lit it. I threw it into the pit with gasoline, and a large fire burst from it.
“I’m sorry.” Was all I could say, and I handed him a shortcut Demetrius had once showed me to get out of the castle without anyone knowing.
“For what, doing your mission to the best of your ability?” He responded getting off the ground and stretching.
“My family killed yours...” I whispered and he came up to me, putting his hands on my shoulders.
“Your father did, not you.” He shook me when I didn’t respond.
“It’s the same thing.” 
“Actions speak louder than words.” He repeated and I couldn’t bring myself to believe he could just forgive me.
“Stop it-” I started, but he cut me off by pulling me to him and kissing me with as much passion as I did before. When he finally let go he smirked.
“I told you I would show you with my actions, and my next one will be bringing you back to the Academy for good.” He said confidently, but I shook my head.
“I can’t go back there now.” I protested.
“Everyone is waiting for you, including me.”
“Go back Jeremy.” I pushed him, but he would let me get any farther away.
“Not until you come back with me.”
“Give me one good reason.” I said not wanting to believe I was forgiven for everything.
“It’s your home.” He smiled, and I felt my emerald eyes connect with his light blue ones. They used to be ice blue, but I suppose they slowly melted at the same pace my heart did. I wonder why I hadn’t noticed that until now.
THE END
If you read all the way till the end I am extremely grateful, and would love for you to keep supporting me as I continue to write! There were so many things that inspired me to write, and it may sound weird, but my main inspirations were people from Korea. I plan to major in Asian Languages and Culture and got really into Korean culture (not just Psy) and the people that I learned about talked about their dreams and doing what you love, so that’s what I did! ^^ Thank you and I love you! ~Jae Choguk~
