
     Another Theory of the Universe

Copyright 2019 Cristiana Voinea
Published by Cristiana Voinea at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents
Chapter I
Chapter II
Chapter III
Chapter IV
Chapter V
Chapter VI
Chapter VII
Chapter VIII
Chapter IX
About the Author
Connect with the Author



Chapter I
Accompanied by a loud creak, able to be heard from the sidewalk nearby, the window of an apartment from the first floor opened, an old lady popping her head out through it. 

"It's Tuesday! Don't forget about Thomas’s food!" She shouted outside at what appeared to be nothing but thin air, until from around the corner a young man, with crazy wavy hair, passed by in hurry, riding a bicycle and waving his hand towards her.
"I know, miss Olsen! Turkey flavored!" 
The lady smiled to herself, watching him go, as a big ball of fur joined her on the window sill, tail straight up, waving graciously over the woman's face. 
"Oh, get down, already! Would be third time you fall from the window this month and Junior isn't here to bring you up." She muttered as she shoved the cat back inside, getting in return a frustrated sound, when the window slammed back closed with a noisy thud.
The boy stopped abruptly at a red light, shrugging with a smile as the lady with a stroller ahead turned at him, annoyed by the sudden closeness of his bicycle tire. He tapped nervously onto the handlebar grips as he checked the watch at his wrist, and rushed ahead as soon as the light went green, gaining some muffled words at his address from behind, to which he shouted an apology. 
After about ten more minutes of intense sprinting between people and traffic, he jumped off his bike and tied it to an improvised parking lot in a gang, then proceeded through the back door near the large trash bin.
"Uh-oh! Sorry! Morning!" He added as he almost hit one of his colleagues, who was taking out the trash, when he stepped inside.
"Hey, watch it!" The other shouted after him. He pressed his lips together, eyebrows furrowing at the knowledge of his clumsiness being noticed from the first hour in the morning. He grabbed the barista apron and stepped to the side, making way for the other, returning from outside. 
"Boss wants to see you. Think he's mad at you being late again."
"Suppose so..." He mumbled more to self. 
"You should really try to fix this."
The boy only gave in return an apologetic look accompanied by a small nod, knowing how hard he was battling his sleeping habits, while trying to balance both his morning barista job, with his evening one, janitor at the university’s observatory. He left the employees private space and went to knock at his superior's door. Tim, like the coffee shop itself was named after, was a man in his late fifties, who was rocking a big mustache and a belly just alike, often grumpy, but at core a good person. 
"Morning, sir." He said as he stepped inside sheepishly, closing the door after himself.
"Morning was when I woke up, young man." He frowned with a groan, leaning back in his worn out leather chair. "You're late again. What is it? Tenth time this month? I think I lost track of it." He tossed loudly some papers he was holding, onto the desk in front of him.
"My apologies, sir..."
"Yeah, yeah, I hear that each time. But when will you wake up from your daydreaming and actually start doing things properly? You come late, spill coffee, break mugs. You'll end up with no salary with all these loses!" His rage started to fade as he got up, walking to the younger man, placing a heavy hand on his shoulder. "This is your last warning, son. One more of these and you're out for good."
"Yes, sir."
"Now, move! It's morning, this means rush hour and your colleagues must be already going bananas!" He opened the door and almost pushed him outside the office. 
He let out a long breath he didn't realize he was holding, then straightened his back and rushed to the counter.
"Look who decided to show up." Alice, his only female colleague bumped her hip playfully against his with a smile. "What did the old grump say?" She lowered her voice as she spoke, preparing a coffee in the meanwhile. 
"Last warn, bla bla…" He grabbed the cart with dirty trays and dishes, passing by her, heading to the dishwashing machine.
"Pfsh, how many of these did you get until now?" She snorted loudly.
"Lost count." He laughed and started to place the dirty mugs into the machine. "But I really gotta try harder."
"Yeah, for us if anything."
"I promise." He shouted, his head still inside the dishwasher, trying to grab a fork stuck there for who knew how long already. The girl rolled her eyes amused at the statement and served the order. 
The coffee shop was always full of teachers and students, mostly at the beginning of the day, with another peak around lunch, since it was near the campus of a prestigious university. All of these making up the main reason for which the boy decided to take the job here. It was never an easy task, given his two left hands, but he enjoyed the hell out of it. People always talking about the various subjects and peeking at those who came there for a short study session, tired of the library, was always a pleasure. He often engaged with the clients into discussions, which many times caused delays, but most of those who did this became faithful clients, so Tim closed his eyes to the rest thanks to it. Despite the fact that he had no pretentious studies, the boy was invested in most of the science talks, his passion truly contagious, even to those who were studying it on a daily basis.
As another consequence of his discussions with clients, he often got invited by the teachers who frequented the place to assist at their classes, but most of the times he was forced to refuse given his work schedule. Of course, it was an honor to receive such invitations, which he appreciated greatly each time they occurred. Some of those even started lending him books, suggesting him that he could himself step on the other side of the fence and get into studies. But even though it was tempting, he always preferred to be on the observant side. He enjoyed both of his jobs greatly, despite the fact that they weren't much and neither were they glorifying anything he was passioned about or good at. 

After the second peak, during lunch hours, they were all usually collapsing on the couches next to the window if they weren't busy with clients, serving in turns whenever someone entered. 
"Man, I'm getting so tired of this. Can't wait to finally start studies next year too. All this job and side learning thing is killing me." Cole, the one he stumbled into earlier in the morning, started. Often the job was taken by another student in need of money, or by young people who sought for extra funds for their education. Nobody stayed there for too long. 
"Speak for yourself. Not all are this fortunate." Alice added on a tired tone. She was the oldest there. A bit over thirty years old, she was working there ever since the place opened, which was roughly eight years. She had a single mother with heavy health issues waiting for her at home, so studies were out of discussion, since most of the budget was going on her medication, but not even once had the boy recalled seeing her mad or at least annoyed with one of them. Despite their close age, she was pretty much like a mother figure to them. It must have been the rough turns in her life that shaped her that way. However, she was sometimes letting out such small glimpses of regret towards her less fortunate path. 
"Yeah, well.. Sorry. You know we love you, Alice." The other replied with a wink, getting up as a client stepped inside, heading to the counter to serve. The woman crossed her arms, shaking her head in an amused disbelief. 
"What about you, Junior?" Her foot hit his gently beneath the table to get his attention.
"What about?"
"Don't you want to leave this shithole? A job at Tim's is not a future to aspire at. Not with that big head of yours." She leaned over the table, poking her nail into his temple.
"Don't really have any plans." He shrugged, rubbing the skin gentle where her nail pinched.
"You may not, but don't think we haven't heard the teachers talk to you. Y'ain't foolin' anyone, boy." Her arms crossed again, her eyes analyzing him piercingly.
"I'm just not interested." He laughed it off, trying to focus anywhere else than on her, though wherever he looked he still felt the eyes nearly burning him with their intensity.
"Your loss, kid." She slapped her thighs as she got up, making her way to the employees area, most probably going out in the back for a smoke. The boy followed her with his sight until she went around the corner, then let his back hit the couch, his head dangling on the top of it, staring at the sky. 
His shift usually ended at around three in the afternoon, after which he went shopping if he needed something for himself or miss Olsen, then headed back to his flat, where he wasted few more hours until his evening shift at the observatory. He sometimes didn't even went back home between the jobs, if he had nothing to deliver and the weather was nice enough; he'd just go and lie down somewhere in a park or in the campus garden with a book. It wasn't more than a year since he arrived in the neighborhood, but in the places he visited often, he was already a familiar sight and people got used to him being around; the always polite and cheerful boy with wild hair. James Ryan.




Chapter II
Despite the fact that he had to mop the floors of two science buildings two times a week, which wasn't quite an easy job, considering that some of the labs had sometimes nasty leftovers from experiments, the job felt rewarding at the end when he reached his final point, that concluded each of those long evenings: the observatory. Rarely he stumbled upon teachers or students stuck there until near midnight, but whenever he found the place unsupervised, with the cover still pulled over the roof and with the enormous lenses aiming at the dark sky, he never hesitated from taking a peek. It was impossible to catch a glimpse at the big events, since the place used to be crowded with organized groups of students, but even a look at the usual sky was something to be cheered. He found a certain calm whenever his gaze connected to the vast space, a steadiness of his mind and body he rarely experienced otherwise, and if he did, it was when he stargazed during sleepless nights. Somehow it always gravitated around the mystery of the far beyond one's sight. 
However, tonight something else caught his attention other than the telescope. A stack of papers was abandoned on a desk nearby, notes probably forgotten by someone. He took them and looked for a name, but without luck. The schemes, formulas and small notes alongside them talked about black holes, something not unusual to his ears, but still difficult to understand at some point. He always had it all rolling in his mind as if he would have seen those things happening with his own eyes, but it was extremely difficult sometimes to put everything into words and translating them into formulas was just another thing. He felt like having the solutions to many issues while reading books which asked questions with no answers, and he'd just spin the thoughts on all sides, during sleepless nights, still without any success in expressing anything to ears that might want to hear it.
Footsteps announced someone approaching on the nearby hallway. He tossed the papers into his trash bin cart and grabbed the mop with a quick move, nearly spilling the water bucket in the process. A familiar sight stepped inside. It was one of the older teachers visiting the coffee shop he worked at.
"Evening, sir." He flashed a quick smile while minding his mopping business. 
"Good evening. I thought nobody would be around. Can't sneak in unseen I suppose." He chuckled and threw a look at the telescope.
"I am pretty sure nobody would mind your presence, sir." He pulled the cleaning cart from the way and dipped the mop again in the water, looking at the other who had his back to him. The man took a peek, then with the press of a button the roof slid closed. 
"You're new, kid?" He turned and looked at him. "Your voice sounds incredibly familiar, but not from around here." 
"Quite new I suppose? Couple of months." He straightened his back noticing the man heading his way. He got the visor of his cap pulled up and saw the other's face lighting up with laughter.
"What are you doing here, Junior? Finding ways to sneak in our University?"
"Just doing my job, sir." He smiled. "But I do enjoy the environment as well."
"You could enjoy it during the day, when things actually happen, boy. Why don't you want to come? You have huge potential."
The younger one shrugged, looking to his side.
"Can't afford? There are programs that can offer you aid, you know..."
"I’m... Not feeling ready for this. But thank you." The corners of his mouth lifted in a grateful smile.
"Consider it. I could help you. One does not simply find such minds on a daily walk."
"Well, haven't you?" He laughed along with the older man.
The man grabbed his shoulder and pressed his lips tightly in a compassionate smile.
"Just think about it, okay?"
"Yes, sir." 
"Come. I have a book to give you. I wanted to bring it to you tomorrow at the coffee shop, but since you're around now..." His hand gently motioned Ryan towards the door with a push. The boy grabbed the cart, depositing the mop safely within it and walked outside the large room, turning off the light.
It wasn't long after they left, when inside the observatory room, tables started to move, accompanied by metal rattling on the hard floor while being pushed around. 
"Damn it!" An annoyed mutter filled the room. A student, who sneaked inside the room just before Ryan arrived, emerged from behind a bunch of working tables, used as a hiding place until the new intruder was gone.
After turning on the phone light, she went where the other two stood and started to search for something, but clicked her tongue as she realized it was all gone.
"He stole my papers!" She slapped her thighs frustrated, nearly dropping the phone, and walked outside as soon as she made sure the way was clear. The teacher mentioned a coffee shop, but the campus was surrounded by plenty. She would have to make a trip to each of them the following day to retrieve what was unrightfully taken.

Searching for someone during the lunch break didn't prove itself to be an easy task, since all cafeterias and coffee shops nearby were full. The girl hardly had a glimpse or two at the thief the night before, but if anything stood out were the curls coming out from beneath his cap, his tall slim silhouette and a potential Junior nickname, unless the teacher called him that way out of sympathy.
After nearly an hour of search and next to no options left, she checked her phone for other potential locations and found one coffee shop she missed, off the main boulevard. The logo at the entrance matched the one on her phone map, Tim's Coffee Shop, and despite the fact that it was slightly hidden from one's sight, it was also full. 
"This better be it.." She said to herself lowly as she stepped inside. The tables were fully booked, and there was a row of at least seven people waiting at the counter, while the little employees tried their best to fulfill all orders. She noticed a woman preparing a fancy latte, and a younger boy, around her age she thought, who took the orders, but still no sign of the one she sought for.
Feeling defeated, the girl stepped into the waiting line to place an order since it was the last stop before heading back to classes, and something to drink along with a sandwich didn't sound bad at all. 
"You got to help me with orders, Cole. I got too many going on!"
"And who will take the rest?!"
"Where is Junior? Why isn't he here? He knows how crazy things get! Damn it."
"He was in the back, retrieving stock-" But just as the boy turned to check if the door was still open in the back, he saw the missing one just coming in. 
The sound of his nickname didn't flash immediately into the girl's attention, but as she moved to the counter to finally place her order, the curls came into her sight, as the boy greeted her with a welcoming smile.
"Welcome to Tim's. What would you like today?"
She stared at him for a bit, then threw a quick glance to the menu.
"I'd like a grilled chicken sandwich, no sauce, a medium sized coffee and my stuff."
He tapped quickly on the touch screen.
"So, we got a grilled chicken sandwich with no sauce, a medium sized coffee and what was last?"
"My stuff." She repeated through gritted teeth, staring him into the eye. The confusion grew on his face visibly, then finally met her piercing gaze.
"I'm sorry, I am afraid we don't have that in the menu."
"Oh, you’d better do, because I am not leaving without it." 
He leaned slightly over the counter, checking quickly on the long row behind the girl, then looked back at her, lowering his tone.
"Look, I have no idea what you're talking about, so please confirm your order or let the next person ahead until you make up your mind."
"C'mon, man! We ain't got all day!" Someone raised the voice from the back. 
"I am not confirming anything until you confirm and return my stolen papers from the observatory last night." She whispered, eyes still locked with his, even if his nervousness was growing with every second that passed noticing people started to get annoyed. He closed his eyes for a brief moment and bit off some words along with his lips, then leaned backwards, towards Alice.
"Please cover me. I gotta go for five minutes."
"What?! You just came back!"
"Please! Thank you!" He made the girl a quick sign to go out and around, then dashed towards the back door.
"He left?! Oh man, oh man..." Cole panicked while serving a drink. He threw a quick glance on the screen. "Who ordered a sandwich and medium coffee? Is not confirmed."
"Oh, for God's sake!" Alice rushed to the counter, politely taking the next order while cancelling the ongoing one.
Ryan left through the back door and walked to the main sidewalk where he waved at the slightly disoriented girl. She approached with heavy annoyed steps, looking as if she was about to jump at his throat any second. She put out her hand, expecting.
"My. Papers."
"I don't have them."
"Please don't tell me you threw them away... Please. I worked two nights on them to have them done in time."
"No. No!" He raised his hands, waving them quickly, in denial. "I wanted to say that I don't have them with me right now. They're safe, but home. I can bring them to you tomorrow.”
"Tomorrow?! I need them now! I have a presentation in two hours!"
"Well, why did you leave them there? And how did you know I took them?" He suddenly realized he didn't see her around, nor the teacher knew of the papers to guide her at him.
"I was there."
"Where?" 
"Observatory." He raised his eyebrows, questioning her silently. "I was hiding, okay? I am not allowed there, but I needed to check on something."
"Uh-oh, trouble." He grinned, crossing his arms.
"Trouble is what you will get from me and your colleagues. They didn't seem pleased of your sudden departure." She narrowed her eyes. "Now go and bring me my papers."
"I can't leave my job. Maybe you can postpone your audition, but I can't get fired. I already got several warns."
"Then what's the point?! You get one more, but I don't have more chances!" Her foot stepped vigorously against the pavement, as she bit her lip, holding back tears. "Please, you don't understand how important this is."
He looked at her, then gave a quick look to his watch before running a hand through his hair, troubled. Maybe Tim will overlook this, one more time. But those papers seemed to be of great importance to the girl, and he would've felt guilty for not leaving the papers where they belonged from the start if this resulted into her failure. He felt guilt hitting him ever since she mentioned the observatory inside the shop.
"Fine. I'll bring them. Please go in and if Alice or Cole ask you about me, tell them it's.. Well, find something." He took off and pushed the apron into her arms, then turned around and grabbed his bike, leaving in a rush.

By the time Ryan returned, the madness from the shop was gone, only few clients were left at the tables and two at the counter. He stepped inside through the front door, sweat running down his temples, gasping for air as he pushed the papers into the girls arms as soon as he set eyes on her. 
"They... All there...? Check." The girl watched him collapse on a nearby chair, then ruffled the papers for a quick check and nodded. She placed the paper stack on the table at his side, and took off the apron, handing it back to the boy.
"Thanks. And don't ever take things without asking." She waved farewell to Cole and Alice, then left in a hurry, holding the notes tightly at her chest. 
Ryan stared for few moments at the apron, realizing only after she was gone that she had it actually on, and soon after he felt Alice's nails digging into his shoulder.
"This girl is godsent. She did your job without anyone asking her anything."
"And she did it so much better!" Cole approached, crossing his arms after last clients got served. "Who's she? Your girl?" A grin spread across his face.
"What? No... No, she isn't. I don't even know her name. Just got some of her papers accidentally." He gave the two an exhausted look. 
"You're lucky it didn't all turned into a circus. After you left, the tension raised considerably in the queue, but she really saved your ass, Junior." Her grip relaxed on his shoulder, then pat it gently before leaving for a smoke. 
"That really was some neat luck, man." Cole pushed a playful, yet encouraging fist in the boy's shoulder, to which he smiled, finally not feeling his heart threatening to leap outside his chest anymore.

Obtaining a scholarship was no easy job. There were lots of students applying for it, and with limited places, no more than two a year usually, it was hard to grab one from first try. The judging teachers showed no mercy and dismissed projects after projects, which resulted in many tears, given the amount of effort most students put in their works.
It was Hamsika's second year at the University, studying physics. Her parents worked hard back home in India, two jobs each, to help her fulfill her dreams and aim for a better future by studying abroad. Obtaining her place was also a hard race to win, since she was a foreign student and also aimed for the financially sustained spots, which were extremely limited. 
During the first year, she focused on gathering as much information about everything around the place as possible, studying the programs, the teachers and potential paths to be followed in order to achieve her goal: to get into astrophysics. And one way to do that was a scholarship, that would help a student to get financial support for research and access to certain disciplines. But in order to obtain such a thing, one needed a solid project to convince the jury. The whole judgement phase was to be sliced into multiple auditions, through which the teachers would monitor the evolution of the project and the determination and devotion of the student. Many were eliminated in each phase, and with the final term approaching it was all becoming more and more challenging.
But facing both school challenges and the side project for scholarship was almost a time traveler’s job, since one had to be in multiple places at once, or make the day double. And since none of the cases were possible, it all ended with compromised courses, sleepless nights and prioritized tasks.
Not fully pleased with her project, feeling that it was all rushed due to all things she had going on, Hamsika stood at the door, waiting for her turn, witnessing students bursting into tears once in a while as they came out. They were halfway through the analyzing process, leaving only two other meets before the final one, when the last standing projects were declared successful and worth the effort. 
"Acharya Hamsika?" A voice came from inside as a defeated student left the room, shaking head in disappointment at those who still waited for their turn.
The girl stood up and walked in, trying her best to hide any gesture that would show off her panic. Even if the teachers stayed the same, it was always intimidating to be in front of them, trying to make sense of whatever the project was about.
"Hello." She smiled a little as she handed the project to a jury member that had his hand extended. 
"Welcome back, miss Acharya. We are all very curious of your progress regarding black holes and wormholes." 
"I did my best to summarize the essential information I have been gathering since our last meeting."
"If your project makes it to the end, I would very much like to explore the entire paperwork you have."
"Of course." She smiled, feeling her confidence boosted the tinniest bit.
She sat silently on a chair before the judges table, as they looked through her papers, occasionally asking her questions regarding a thing or another. 
"Most of the things here have been mentioned before, miss Acharya, under a form more or less similar to yours. However, what makes me tell you now that you passed to the next phase, are the tiny notes scattered all over the pages, which make really interesting observations. I suppose you added these at a later analysis of the situation as a whole."
The girl froze for a moment, knowing that there were no tiny notes left to her knowledge, since she tried to keep everything clear and organized. To her own surprise, she got up and peeked at the papers, trying to hide any suspicion of surprise on her face.
"Oh, the notes!" She noticed some small text scattered randomly between paragraphs. "I must have brought in a hurry the papers from last night. I had a final clean version of it all, finished freshly this morning, but the documents must have been mixed up when I grabbed them. I am so sorry you had to witness my messy type of working." She bowed her head in a pretended shame, hoping that the small lie would hold.
"Trust me when I say that I saw messier papers than these. It's always interesting to see the process of one's thinking and researching. You did a great job!" The main judge added, and with a smile he offered her back the papers along with a signed approval, giving her access to unlimited content of the library, regarding her chosen subject.
"Thank you!" She bowed her head again, with the biggest smile plastered on her face then left the room. 
"How was it?" One of the students nearly jumped in front of her as the door closed. 
"I passed!"
"Good job! Oh, I hope for the same! I should be next..." He admitted nervously.
"I wish you the best!" She gave him an encouraging smile, and left for the study room, to throw a better look on the notes. It must have been Junior, she thought to herself, since nobody else other than him saw the papers. But he was just a janitor. And a barista. A gifted one, as the teacher admitted a night ago in the observatory, but how gifted?

Chapter III
It was roughly a week since Hamsika found out her project was chosen among those which would go further into development until the next examination, and also about the same time ever since her papers got stolen more or less by accident, and returned at her desperate pleading. 
She studied the notes added to her work for few days in a row, but without any conclusion. Whoever made those claims was either a genius or found a source of information she didn't came across with yet. Her teachers however were genuinely surprised by them, so if the information was available somewhere, they would already know, which complicated things, considering that the only one that potentially read the papers and made notations was Junior. However, in her eyes the boy seemed pretty lost with himself within the jobs and anything else that might occupy his time and as the teacher mentioned to him back at the observatory, he wasn't studying anything related to it either, but was marked as gifted by the older man. The Universe was a mystery she would've loved to untangle, but now this was on her enigmas list as well. 
Night had caught up on her in the library again, but it wasn't out of the ordinary. She gathered her notes and stuffed them in her backpack, as one of the library supervisors advised those without a special permission for late studying to pack up. 
While she was walking outside the building, a familiar set of voices hit her ears, sending her a feeling of déjà vu. Despite the fact that the place was still crowded with students, who were hurrying to their dorms from late classes or just hanging around, breathing in the air of the early spring, the silhouettes she distinguished were unmistakable; Junior and the astronomy teacher were out, busy with a talk again. But she recalled him mumbling something about Wednesday being a day off from the janitor duty, and yet there he was; truly, wearing just some casual clothes instead of the uniform this time. She moved away from the exposed spot she stood into, hoping that she wasn't noticed, but lingered close enough to steal whatever detail she could from the conversation. 
"You could've kept the book for longer. I wouldn't be bothered at all." The teacher smiled, glancing at the book he held. 
"I took some notes and also added some." His chin pointed towards the book. The older man opened it, nearly dropping some papers scattered between the pages of the book.
"Oh! I suppose these are for me." 
"If you wish to read, of course. It's a pleasure to share." The boy's voice was soft and there was a genuine delight and respect in his tone. 
"I am mostly enthusiastic to hear you included them! I am still hoping to convince you someday to join the studies program." They laughed, but Ryan denied with a small shook of his head.
"Not too soon, if anything. I am looking forward for the meteor shower observation this weekend. Thank you again for inviting me." 
"You only had to ask, son. Anytime." 
The two shook hands and parted with a good night farewell. Hamsika tried to peek at the other two books the boy held in his hands, but couldn't really figure their title from her angle and an awkward turn of her head wouldn't be advised for sure if she wanted to remain stealthy. Still, she wondered if she'd get invited anytime to observe various phenomenons on the sky if she asked nicely, just like Ryan got told to. She knew she needed papers to even have access to the observatory room, not mentioning touching the telescope itself. Surely, it was no toy, but she knew a thing or two from her portable one and all the theory she studied, and what better way of learning how to work with it was other than actually using it.
"Oh... Hey? Hi!" 
Not disturbed by the initial salute, the girl only shifted her attention from her thoughts to something suddenly blocking the light from her eyes. 
"Here to steal again?" She gripped tighter at her backpack straps.
"Borrow." He looked down at the books he was holding, making her eyes drift the same direction.
"Speaking of borrowing things... There's something I've been meaning to ask you."
"What's that?" He started to walk towards the campus exit, which was a long alley through the park that surrounded the University; the girl keeping the pace by his side. 
"Did you... Could you have... Possibly written some notes on my papers?"
"I did. I hope it didn't bother much."
"Worst thing that could've happened was to fail the examination, but thanks to them I passed."
"Really? Well, glad I could help." He laughed, but his smile faded as he met her serious face. "What?"
"Where did you read those things?"
"Nowhere?"
"Impossible. It must have been some book that teacher gave you."
"I doubt he has some secret, publicly published, books only for me." 
"How could I know?!" She stopped at the campus entrance, making him halt too, on the other side of the metal arcade.
"You could ask him anytime." With a rather playful spin on his heels, he waved a good bye. "Night!"
"You didn't answer me!" Hamsika yelled after him, but no response came back at her. Displeased with her lack of discovery, she headed back to the dorm. If he could have access, as a Mr. Nobody, at the telescope, then she could too; a thought she bonded with, planning to make it true until the weekend came.

"I can't believe this!" She stormed inside the room, slamming the door closed, making her colleague to pop her head outside the bathroom and turn off the hairdryer.
"Alright... I'm curious." The girl opened the door wider, but turned the dryer back on, one ear focused on whatever the other had to say.
"He can't just come here, play smart and get benefits that not even I, as a student, am offered so freely!" She let her backpack collapse onto the floor and paced inside the room.
"Oh?! And now you got my attention." The dryer abruptly stopped and she propped herself against the nearby wall, with a grin split on her face. "So, there's a guy involved."
"He could be a girl and it wouldn't be any different to me! It's the situation that's messed up." 
"I didn't know you were into... Such." She laughed and turned off the bathroom light, then walked inside the room, taking a seat on the bed as Hamsika did. 
"Please, don't start with these... I'm serious, Anna." 
"Okay. Okay. But I got to ask then, the essential at least. Is he hot?"
"Yes. No. NO! Why does it even matter?!" She panicked slightly seeing the other blooming with interest. "The thing is that he somehow became friends with the astronomy teacher and apparently has access to the telescope just by simply asking for permission, while I have to get a signed paper by various!"
"So? Get the paper signed and meet him!"
"That's not my point, Anna!" She whined on a tired tone. 
"I was just messing with you." She laughed and moved closer, wrapping her arm around Hamsika's back. "My advice? If you got no interest in him, ignore him, and that's that."
"But I do, somehow."
"Oh?"
"He knows some things I haven't thought of and apparently they triggered even the teacher's attention. I asked him how he reached those conclusions and he didn't tell me a thing." She let out a long sigh. 
"He said no to your request or...?"
"He just fooled around and was gone before I could do anything else." Hamsika rolled her eyes and buried her face in her hands, defeated, making Anna chuckle next to her.
"Ask him again next time."
"Next time?! I don't even know when that will be." She stood up from the bed and grabbed her sleeping clothes, closing herself in the bathroom. 
The moments under the hot shower were always a stress relief at the end of the day. She thought over and over again of their rather random meetings and of the sources she could've possibly missed reading. Could he truly be a wonder of science? The undiscovered genius of her time? Maybe that was the reason for which the teacher put so much pressure on him. Her knowledge was vast, but couldn't compete with any mentor's yet and surely one saw more than she did.
"I shouldn't care as much." She murmured to herself, trying to wash away the thoughts with a splash of water on her face. 
Despite Anna's insistences on telling more about the mysterious boy, she climbed up to her bed with a book and let her mind drift into the content, dismissing any other distraction. Surely, she'd ask again, just like her roommate advised as well, but that only when the opportunity should rise again.

Within the next days she saw no sign of Junior and she didn't want to go back to the coffee shop, though it crossed her mind few times when lunch break was close; at least she would've had an excuse to be there, but if anything, perhaps he would show up at the observatory during the weekend, as she overheard. 
"Miss Penny!" She raised a hand as the teacher halted, turning around to see who called for her. 
"Oh, hello, Hamsika." 
"Could you please sign me the paper for observatory access? I would like to see the meteor shower this weekend."
"But you could've went there with the group."
"I.. Didn't get to sign up. Most probably the spots are full."
The teacher shook her head and grabbed from the girl the paper and pen, scribbling her signature beneath some other she already collected.
"Thank you!" Hamsika smiled, pleased that she finally had them all. 
"I will see you there, dear." 
She watched the teacher leave and made her way to the course that was about to start. Friday was the shortest day in matter of classes she had to attend, but days were never over once the schedule said so. She always spent hours after, buried in books. Getting high marks was always a struggle, since the teachers here had high expectations, so in order to keep her financial support based on her results she had to pull harder than others. She was grateful for all the help her parents were offering her, but it was already very hard for them so this was the least she could do. Of course, she could've gotten a part time job. She actually considered it, but then her study time would've been shorter and on the long term it wouldn't do any good. 
Ryan on the other hand was enjoying all he could from his jobs, even if Tim was a pain sometimes and the janitor job wasn't the most entertaining of all. However, he enjoyed the company of Alice and Cole lots, and appreciated each bond he made at the university with those he stumbled upon. Miss Olsen and Thomas, her old and stubborn cat, were a pleasure to be around, the lady being in a continuous argument with her companion, scolding him for either asking for too much attention or sleeping all day. It was a paradox the boy got used to, since she was living a floor below him, and was often asking him to do grocery shopping as her painful hip made it hard for her to go out too often. Ryan never asked if there ever was a mister Olsen, but he supposed there was, unless the man in the pictures around the house was some other relative of hers.
Friday always marked the last day of work for the boy. Alice was doing alone the Saturday shift usually, and he helped only if she couldn't be there, but it occurred on rare occasions. He understood that she needed the money more than him, so any extra hour of work counted, though it was tiring. It was close to midnight when he got home from the late shift at the university. He could've been back earlier if it wasn't for the long walk he took. It was around mid March, and the day had been surprisingly warm for the period, keeping a clear sky for the day and also for the night. He enjoyed walking under the stars; it was giving him a warm feeling he couldn't explain and made his head feel clear, his mind soothed. 
Once inside the house, he threw the backpack on the closest chair and let himself fall on the bed. His place was small, but cozy. A studio in which he had a single bed, a closet and a desk nearby the window, with various books and papers stacked on it in a messy manner. There was also a small kitchen, which he rarely used, and a bathroom, just as big. Plants decorated the window sill and the two book shelves on the wall nearby the desk. Miss Olsen kept giving them to him. She was always saying how she'd love to do gardening if she had a house with a garden and a sturdy hip. The boy loved caring for them, but his room was a bit too dark for some and they ended up dying sooner or later. 
He rubbed his eyes until small dots started to blur his vision, then glanced at the stack of books from his desk. The bed beneath his back was inviting him to a long good sleep, but the books had a stronger call, and won as most of the times. His sleeping pattern was always a chaos, reason for which he was often late at Tim's. He pushed himself up and after a quick shower and changing his clothes, he turned on the lamp and sat the desk, grabbing some scattered papers. They consisted of notes made on the things he read. Sometimes just things he found interesting, other times ideas he felt like adding, just like he did with Hamsika's papers. There were things he couldn't explain regarding himself, and this was one of them. It was as if his mind dived deeper into the unseen abyss of the Universe whenever he read something related to it, so he noted down whatever came to his mind, though he never really questioned the truth within. 
Sleep stole him hours later, still at the desk, but he woke up when the moon filled the room with light, disturbed by the sudden shine in the window before him. He dragged himself to bed and covered himself with the oversized blanket, drifting back to sleep, while his mind was still on the next evening, enthusiastic that he would be finally able to assist at a bigger astronomic event.

Chapter IV
Saturday came for Hamsika filled with tasks to be done by evening, when she'd be heading to the meteor shower observation. She found it extremely hard to focus on anything and kept switching books in the hope that her mind will eventually settle on one. However, to her annoyance and disappointment, it didn't, so she found herself in the evening striding towards the objective with not even half of the things done, which only meant a thing: her Sunday was going to be tough. With a sigh at the thought of what awaited her the next day, she stepped into the observatory. 
It would have been little said that it was crowded. As she got in, a low buzzing filled her ears like static. The place was full and the teachers were doing their best to at least organize people in smaller groups, each person being allowed only few moments to look through the telescope. Even so, the girl still felt her mood going down at the sight. She was now afraid that all the wait would be in vain if she won't make it there in time. She eventually found a group of students she shared few classes with and settled herself with them.
"We're going to be fourth group in turn."
"Out of..?" She asked, trying to glance around and figure herself.
"Four."
"Oh."
"This is such a bad schedule organizing job from the teachers. They should've calculated how many should be so none will leave this place frustrated they got to see nothing." One of the girls nearby complained, crossing her arms with a pout.
"I suppose they didn't want to let anyone out."
"Well, they might do it anyway with this queue."
As time passed, the place started to empty, the group's turn closing in. But concern was raising among those who still had to wait, since no natural phenomenon would wait for their delayed selves. 
Only when they finally approached the observation spot, had Hamsika noticed Junior's presence. He was by the astronomy teacher's side, discussing intensively with few other students and casually helping others stargazing if they were there first time. He looked like he handled everything seamlessly, as if he belonged here as anything else but a janitor, which made the girl question herself angrily.
"How?" She mouthed it more loudly than first intended, eyes locked on him.
"How what?" Someone from the group asked, not really giving her much of importance.
"Nothing..." She muttered to herself.
When her turn finally came, she swore she could've launch herself at him, demand the things she was ought to be told. It took all the self control she had left to just focus on the telescope instead of the insane fantasies inside her head. 
"Let me know if you need any assistance." He gave her a quick glance, but minding back his discussion with the rest shortly after. She wondered if he noticed her there, or just said it out of an automatic respectful gesture by now, since he had been doing it the whole evening. 
"I am doing just fine." The snarky reply came, sounding harsher than planned.
The clarity of the image was truly spectacular. There was no way she could achieve the same result with her portable telescope, which wasn't also a top one either. She must have lingered there for longer than she was ought to, because she started to hear her colleagues mumbling at her back. She hardly detached herself from the view, her eyes settling first on the boy, then on the stairs she was descending. He was still too absorbed in the talk, but as she passed by, she could swear she felt his eyes on her. She stopped on her way to the door, pretending to be looking for something in her bag, but in truth pondering whether she should wait until everyone was done, since there weren't more than five students left, and talk to him or just go and let things be, letting her mind be twisting around his noted thoughts as a curse.
However, the teacher that gave her the final signature to be able to join the event, interrupted her train of thoughts. 
"Hamsika?" She smiled as the girl turned around at the sound of her name, and motioned her to join the small group consisting of herself, the astronomy teacher, a technician and no one else than Junior. "Come, come." She insisted, her arm looping around her shoulders as she got close enough.
"Good evening." She saluted politely, trying her best no to throw any sharp glance to the boy.
"Evening, dear. I was just telling Mr. Elliot what a good and passionate student I have!"
"And also interested into astrophysics as I've heard." He added, sounding pleased. 
"Yes. It's what I intend to study, sir."
"I heard a thing or two about that also. This domain is indeed very interesting, but also hard to reach. But I had the chance to throw a glance over the project you applied with on the scholarship, and I must say you have quite a good chance to obtain it."
Hamsika's heart leaped at the news.
"However..."
"Oh no." She thought to herself.
".. There are few more, just as interesting and you know the spots are no more than two."
"I know, sir. I will give my best." It was truly a hard task, but she genuinely hoped for the best. This, of course, if her brain decided to cooperate, unlike the day that just passed.
"I am sure you will." He smiled, bringing his fingers together. "But I have a proposal for you."
She instinctively looked at Junior. Something deep in her guts told her it had something to do with him.
"I am trying to convince this young man to join the studies, but he keeps on saying that he is not feeling prepared, though I can guarantee not many here, even graduates, can see at first glance what he does. His eye is so keen on observing what's beyond that meets the eye, it's still spectacular to me."
"What Mr. Elliot would like to say, dear, is that you should team up with Ryan."
"That's cheating." She admitted louder than she wanted to, though it was true. Luckily there was nobody left other than themselves.
The teachers looked at each other, then back at her.
"It's not really cheating, dear. But he has a passion for this and he is not a student, a graduate or a teacher, so it doesn't count more than a consultation. A small exchange of thoughts."
"After all it is you at the base of it all."
"Why do you even trust him then?!" The girl snapped scandalized, not believing her ears.
"As I said, he has a keen eye for details. And through this, I hope you will encourage him to do his own project next year and join us here." Mr. Elliot smiled, his hand motioning the boy towards her side. "I rarely see such people, miss. People like you two."
"What about everyone else that has good projects? Aren't they alike?" 
"Everyone is alike up to a point. You will figure that in time." 
Despite her continuous arguments and protests, she found herself outside, in the campus park, by the boy's side as their teachers departed.
"I guess that was some indirect introduction the teachers made there." He chuckled and extended his hand. "I'm Ryan. James Ryan." 
She looked at him for few moments, then finally shook hands. 
"Hamsika Acharya." 
He started stepping behind, slowly turning towards the exit of the campus, waving on his way.
"Looking forward to work with you! Night for now!"
Her hand still extended a bit, idle in the air, looking after him, soon realizing she had no contact of him.
"Hey! Wait up!" She made few steps his way. "I don't have time to waste. Where do we meet?"
He slowed down the slightest, nearly stumbling into his own feet on the grass, looking thoughtful.
"Noon! Here. Tomorrow!" He flashed a quick smile and soon disappeared into the dim lights of the park.
Hamsika was going to be stuck with him for the remaining two months and a half. She really hoped that this way she would find out whatever was on his head while stating those very "keen eye observations" the teacher talked about. She couldn't tell yet if she was going to enjoy his company, since the boy looked at least easily distracted and disorganized. She was none of those and it was already infuriating.

"There are so many people out here, how am I supposed to see him, if he arrived at all?" She silently complained to her roommate, who decided to accompany her and see herself the mysterious figure giving her colleague headaches. 
However, the park between the campus itself and the entrance was filled with students enjoying their sunny Sunday, laying down a blanket or a jacket, while reading a book or a having a small talk.
"Didn't he give you a contact?"
"Nothing."
"Damn, girl.."
"What if he doesn't show up? I could leave now and mind my over nine thousand problems I already got on my head and let him be. But then, what if the teachers ask me about him? Or him about me?!" 
"I think you're overreacting." Anna chuckled, steadying her friend with her hand on the shoulder. "Relax.. Take a deep breath and look around again."
She closed her eyes, inhaling deeply, the entire Saturday flashing back into her memory until the evening, recalling the boy's face. The crazy wavy hair was something she could remember from the first encounter, when her papers went missing, but now she took in the blue eyes and sharp cheekbones. His looks were always completed with a checkered shirt over a T-shirt, always a different color, and a pair of jeans. Everything about him looked slightly messy, but not dirty. When she opened back her eyes, she looked around again, and her shoulders slumped at no familiar sight, so they decided to take a seat on the ground, in a spot with visibility towards the entrance.
Hamsika described the boy to her friend, so now she was pointing out to her anyone that might have matched the characterization. It was a bit over an hour after noon when Ryan entered the yard. Hamsika jumped on her feet, startling Anna at the sudden movement and walked straight to the belated guest. 
"Hi-" He started but got immediately interrupted by the girl.
"You said noon."
"Well, isn't it noon?" He glanced at the sky, as if the sun being up was the only indicator.
"I thought it'd be 12?! I got so many things to do and instead I wasted about an hour waiting for you."
"Sorry..."
"You could've announced, if you cared enough to share a phone number." She walked back towards the spot she claimed with Anna, the boy following closely.
"I don't have a phone."
"Oh..." Her eyebrows raised in surprise, but restrained herself from adding anything more to the reply. She knew how bad one's situation could get and she wasn't there to judge someone she barely knew anyway.
They stopped before Anna, who was nearly shaking as she tried her best to contain the biggest grin when she met Hamsika's scandalized look. Her hand extended immediately Ryan's way.
"You must be Ryan! I am Anna! Hamsika told me so much about you!" They shook hands, making the boy let out a small laugh, glancing at Hamsika who was now outraged by her friend's mention, her face bathing in all possible shades of red. Did she really mention him that often? And if so, she did only because he annoyed her deeply, she thought to herself.
"Yes, I'm Ryan." He smiled. "Nice meeting you!"
"Alright, we got lots to do and time to recover. Have a nice day, Anna!" She grabbed her belongings and strode away in a rush, her cheeks still flushing red. The young man waved good bye and followed her soon after.
"Maybe she wanted to study with us."
"She's studying law. She just accompanied me while I was waiting an eternity for you to show up. I almost gave up."
"Sorry..." He mumbled again, keeping it up with the quick pace of the girl.
They entered a large room, which had an entire wall and part of the ceiling covered in glass for a natural light inside. The place was hardly occupied, but as silent as a library. It was a place designed for study whenever one's dorm room wasn't silent enough, or the library itself was closed, in days such as a Sunday. Students were scattered at the tables, some with their noses buried in books, some typing energetically on their laptops or tablets.
"This should do." Hamsika said more to herself, picking a table near the glass wall, shaded however by the tree nearby. She placed her messenger bag on the large desk and pulled herself a seat, looking at the boy and halting abruptly at the realization.
"You brought nothing along?"
"Like what?" He pulled the chair facing her. 
"I don't know...? Maybe a notebook or even some books if you got any relevant."
"Relevant to what?" His fingers laced together on the table, looking at her calmly, with his eyebrows slightly raised. "None of us mentioned an exact subject we'd focus on. I thought we'd use this meet for a plan or something. Though... I don't work with such."
Hamsika sighed deeply and closed her eyes to wash away any salty remark. She was mad about various things, like the time she wasted so far and the amount of work she had to deal with. And somehow Ryan's calm didn't do any better to her mood, even if he spoke the truth.
"Alright then. If you don't work with plans, I kind of do. It helps me keeping things organized, and yet they still somehow get out of control."
"Maybe because you bundle yourself with more than you can carry."
"I have to."
"Do you, now?" A smile played on his lips when her eyes set on him. "How about we start by fixing your schedule?"
"How can you fix my schedule? I got classes, I got papers to write, extra work to do for the scholarship-" She began on a ranting tone, but got suddenly paused by his hands over hers on the table. She stared at them and felt her cheeks gaining color, while the warmth in his touch seemed contagious. 
"I can't. But you can try to deal otherwise with everything for a change."
"There's no timeee.." She whined silently, pulling her hands onto her lap.
"That's why I'm here to help! So, let's see what you got and what you want to get, so I can figure myself what I can help with, because I was taken by as much surprise as you were that evening, with their proposition." His smile faded into a slightly defeated press of his lips. 
"Speaking of which..." She started as she opened her bag and began to unload the notes between them. "If you're not studying anything of the sort, as I do for example, how could you possibly be helpful? I mean, what's the truth in your presumptions? How are you even making them? I read those things you wrote over and over again and even if they don't sound absurd, they can't be proven yet."
He grabbed some papers and started looking through them.
"I can't tell... Really." Their eyes met for a brief moment, then he returned his focus to the notes. "I don't have any studies and despite everyone's pressure, I don't plan getting any. I just enjoy astronomy and astrophysics and that's that. Some ideas just come naturally to me. I can visualize them, but I can't translate them into equations or such."
"I see." She stated, still feeling skeptical. "So, how's it gonna work? Our cooperation I mean. You'll just pour whatever ideas cross your mind?"
"A bit like that. I guess we just have to start something and see how it works. I told you, not everything can be by a plan." His eyes still reading between the lines of her papers.
They spent most of the day talking more than writing anything down. Hamsika tried her best to put her journey so far into words and fix some milestones she reached, wanted to reach in the near future, or during the following years, if she got a green light for her research project. Despite his rather wild looking nature and attitude she witnessed before, Ryan seemed patient and focused on whatever she was saying, even though sometimes it seemed off the track even to herself. She knew exactly what she went through with her project so far, but it was always hard to speak her thoughts before someone else. 
By the time they stood up from the table and left, the sun was hardly visible anymore. A loud growl of the girl's stomach made both of them laugh and realize they have been so drawn into the subject, that lunch seemed optional.
"I am sorry I kept you for so long.." She admitted, partly embarrassed of what would her parents think if they heard she not only kept herself busy from food, but also someone else. They were always the type that would stuff one with food, from the little they had. They never really lacked anything, but it wasn't a king's feast either. It was all decent, as Hamsika thought. She respected her parents and all they did for her greatly, and now she felt like failing them.
"I didn't really feel time passing." He smiled back at her, walking outside the building together. "I will look into black holes and worm holes deeper until next time, so maybe we can add some fresh stuff to your upcoming progress."
"Yes. But... When?"
"Whenever you feel like sharing anything." He shrugged. "You can drop by the coffee shop anytime!"
"Alright... I guess? But really, don't you have a phone? An email? What if something pops into my mind when I can't reach you otherwise."
"Nothing." He laughed as they stopped at the entrance of the campus park. "Whenever you got something bothering you that you'd like to brainstorm together, just note it down and bring it to the coffee shop."
She nodded, a bit disappointed of the recent discovery. It wasn't very fast or convenient, but she'll have to deal with it this way. If she could, she'd give him a phone herself, but she hardly paid for her own food and other monthly necessities. After all, it was his choice. Maybe it wasn't that he couldn't afford, but he wanted to be free of it all. She had moments in which she felt like giving up all technology surrounding her for a while too, if it wasn't for the studies and keeping in touch with her family. 
"Well, then..." 
"I'll see you soon! Just note down everything you got! I'll do the same." His face lighted up with a broad smile. "Night!" He raised a hand, in a short good bye sign.
"Yes. Night!" She replied, rather silently, watching him go. Even though all she did was to talk about the subjects she already twisted on all sides, her head felt like a mess, so she decided to take a small walk through the mildly cold wind of the evening before heading back to the dorm, in the hope that it will fix her brain the slightest.
Chapter V
If the weekend was at least interesting, Ryan found his next week to be the total opposite. Monday morning started with the news of Alice being off for the following days due to an aggressive cold. Cole was desperate by the time the boy arrived, having to handle everything by himself during almost the entire first hour, which was usually a nightmare even for the three of them. They managed to pull through the day with heavy efforts, realizing more than ever just how important was Alice within the team. 
"After a week like this I may have to take some days off myself." Cole collapsed on a seat nearby the window when the coffee shop counted no more than three clients left inside, scattered at the tables.
"That won't do any good to the other two of us that'll remain here..."
"Yeah, I know. I was just saying." He looked up and Ryan who just propped his shoulder against the wall nearby, crossing his arms, returning a tired glance.
"I'll try my best to come at first hour in the morning."
"You always say that. Man, you have to do something about it. Not everyone's gonna be as tolerant as Tim."
Ryan only sighed and took a seat with a heavy thud on the chair facing Cole, burying his face in his hands. 
"I just can't. I can't! I tried even waking up one hour before the hour I should be waking up at!" He exclaimed desperately, muffled beneath his hands.
The other looked at him for a bit, then leaned forward and pressed his hand over his shoulder, in a reassuring gesture.
"We got used to you like this, but it won't work forever. How did you manage to wake up for school? Or did you mess up your sleep after that?"
"What?" He let his hands slide off his face, looking at the other slightly confused.
"How were you getting to school in time? Or... Weren't you?" He laughed seeing the other's exhausted face.
"It's just a problem I always had. I think."
Cole shook his head with a chuckle and pushed himself up, pressing onto the other's shoulder with his hand. 
"You really need to fix yourself, Junior. Your memory starts to glitch."
"Yeah..." He frowned at the thought and the entire discussion. Now that someone mentioned it directly, he couldn't really recall school or anything much at all from any earlier period than a year ago. He couldn't recall a family, but he never bothered much with it. Orphans weren't a new phenomenon, and even so, he should've had a past somewhere, somehow. Nobody was just born grown up. 
The thought lingered within his mind for the rest of the day at work and on his way back home. He took out the keys and halted right before proceeding to unlock the door. He kept thinking if there was anyone else other than those from his jobs that might knew something of him and in his mind flashed the old lady, he did grocery shopping for. He chewed onto the inside of his cheek thoughtfully, then turned around and made his way downstairs to his neighbor. 
After knocking few times at the door, he heard the woman's voice and soon after the cat meowing expectantly. 
"Coming!" She announced through the door and soon after she opened it, the cat rushed between the visitor's legs, purring loudly. "Oh, let the poor boy alone. He doesn't always bring you snacks." She pushed the cat back inside with her foot and looked back at the other. "Or have you?"
"Hey, miss Olsen." He smiled the slightest. "No, I have nothing today... But some questions, if you don't mind." 
"That sounds serious. Is it a girl?" 
"What? No. No."
He stepped inside and let the old woman close the door behind him, feeling her eyes studying him curiously. He pushed off his shoes and walked to the table, while miss Olsen went for the small kitchen, starting to prepare a tea. It was almost like a ritual. Each time he visited, tea was mandatory. She placed carefully the small porcelain cups on the round table and sat too, dipping the tea into the water, covering the teapot right after, waiting patiently for the other to start talking.
"Well, Junior? I thought you wanted to talk." She pressed on as she poured the tea, after few minutes of utter silence. The boy sighed.
"How did you meet me?"
The woman nearly dripped tea over the table at the sound of the question. At her age, she'd expect the questioning to go the other way around.
"What... Do you mean, dear?"
"Exactly what I asked. How did I get here? Because I doubt I moved in before you."
A long moment of silence followed. She resumed pouring tea into her cup after a bit, then settled the teapot back on the table, watching him concerned. He looked troubled.
"I remember that before you moved in, the apartment was empty. There have been students in your place, some louder than others, for years and years, but the man renting the place passed away a year ago and it was all left to dust, since he had nobody to let his belongings to. It wasn't long before you moved in if I think of it, but how exactly you reached this very place or had access to it, I don't know." She sipped from her cup, her eyes still locked on the other as she drank. He frowned taking in the information.
"But I don't know."
Her hand pressed gently over his, making him look at her.
"I don't know how I got here either." He repeated on a silent tone.
"Oh, dear... Don't be silly. Of course you do. You don't even have that many years to remember." She laughed. "How old are you, Junior?"
"I... Don't know." He looked genuinely lost and afraid. His eyes speaking more than any word. The woman pondered the weight of the news and decided not to add more hay to the fire, so she tried to pick her words as carefully as she could.
"You must have had a long day at work... But what did bring this thought to you?"
"Just a talk... I've been asked about school, and I remember no school. I don't remember being anywhere but here. No childhood, no parents, no nothing."
Miss Olsen tried her best to hide any sorrow and pressed her lips tightly in a smile, motioning the tea into Ryan's way.
"I am sure you'll find your answers someday, but not now. Now you have to enjoy the present, and that's this lovely cup of tea with me." She took her own cup and sipped again. He nodded silently and the smallest faint of a smile crossed his lips before he drank as well. 
Just another thought to keep him awake at night; he thought to himself as he left the old lady's apartment with no answer. He went back to his place, and after entering the house and locking the door behind himself, just stood and took in all the details of the room, trying to remember something, but without success. It all seemed like it was there since forever.

In the following days, Ryan managed to wake up earlier than his usual and be on time at Tim's, to help Cole with the morning madness. Alice not being there, felt like working double shifts, and they kept wondering how she managed to deal with the extra hours she took so often.
It was a bit after the lunch hour, when a familiar face entered the shop. Cole's elbow pushed into Ryan's side all of a sudden, making him jump in surprise and give the other a confused look.
"Isn't that the girl that helped us when you left?"
The boy turned around, partly hidden by the sweets display, and looked through the glass shelves.
"I'm glad that's all you remember..." He muttered, then straightened himself up and waved at the girl who seemed to be looking after him. She smiled a bit, returning a sheepish salute while walking towards the counter. 
"Hey! How's it going?" He placed his hands on the flat surface, rather ready for a talk than to take an order.
"Hey... Wish I could say good, but I haven't really done much. Been caught with school more than I anticipated."
"Isn't that school also?" He laughed and leaned backwards, tapping something onto the ordering screen.
"It is, but... Not the regular type. You understand."
"Yeah." He replied from a distance, busying himself with the coffee maker. 
"What about you?" With nobody else waiting after her, she relaxed, resting her elbows on the counter, following him with her sight.
"Read some stuff, made some notes that might help you and took a peek last night at the observatory." He flashed a quick grin while pouring the last bits into the mug. 
"What peek? Was there another event?!" She felt like jumping over the counter at the news. She couldn't have missed something! But just when worry was about to start invading her thoughts, the boy started to laugh as he pushed the mug her way.
"No, relax. I just wanted to see a bit more than some meteor shower."
"Well, no way." 
She laughed along, rather bitterly. She wanted to see more in so long. All the observatories she visited had less sophisticated equipment and her telescope was a child's toy compared to what the school owned. The university had a recent update of tech, sponsored by Royce Robotics. The owner himself had studied there and he promised to aid the institution in any research matter, though lately they showed a massive interest in space exploration.
Hamsika took the mug and sipped. Only when Ryan walked outside the serving area, guiding her to a table, she realized that she didn't in fact order anything.
"Wait... This? I got to pay!"
"Don't worry. It's on me." He smiled, taking a seat beside her on the couch. "I saw something interesting you might want to take a look at too."
"After I get the countless signatures." 
"Not if someone has access there two times a week." He took out a small access card from his pocket, spinning it between his fingers before her eyes.
"No way. There is no way you drag me in there without a paper."
"Remember when I found your papers? You said you were already in, so it wouldn't be your first time against the rules, will it?" He kept his eyes locked on hers, eyebrows slightly raised in question, as he stuffed back the card into his pocket. 
"Let’s... Not talk about that time."
"You're not denying it."
"Stop it."
"Be there tomorrow. At 22." He slapped his knees, pushing himself back up as more clients gathered, getting Cole crowded with work all by himself. 
"But..."
He mouthed from the counter to her a "be there", then started to take orders, letting Hamsika enjoy her drink, astonished by the news and situation, but also concerned by what might happen if they got caught. He could risk his job if he wanted to, but she could risk getting expelled, and that was clearly not something she'd like to achieve. Just the thought of it sent her shivers down the spine, but since the temptation was big, she was highly considering his invitation.

"So, what's up with you two?" 
Cole eventually asked as the closing hour approached, and they were busying themselves more with cleaning around than anything else. Pulling his head outside the cabinet beneath the counter with two clean sweeping fabrics, Ryan pushed one the other's way across the wooden surface and gave him a rather questioning look, not sure what the sudden question was all about.
"Don't look at me like that. I'm talking about you and the girl. What's her name again?"
"Hamsika?"
"Yeah! Her! She's nice, man." He kept eyeing Ryan as he kept wiping tables and pushing chairs back into the place, but the boy didn't look nor sound impressed or suspicious about the questions and remarks. He just seemed so oblivious about it all sometimes.
Cole walked to the sweets display and looked at the other through the glass, still waiting for a reaction, but his impatience and curiosity betrayed him.
"Come on, Junior. Spit it out." 
Silence followed, but Cole kept on following him, mirroring any direction the other approached, until he left the serving area and he halted him with a hand, grabbing his apron by the front, finally triggering the other's attention, who gave him a tired look in return.
"Give me a break, Cole. There's nothing going on. I don't know what you're expecting to hear, but there's nothing to be told. I'm just helping her with stuff."
"She likes you, man. You should see her looking after you."
"Is this your new hobby? Spying on clients?" He brushed away the other's hand and went to gather a forgotten tray from a table in the corner. Frustrated with the poor information he got, the other propped his hands on his hips and turned after Ryan.
"Now don't call me a stalker, but you can ask Alice too. She noticed it as well."
"Alice is not here, which is why you should be doing something useful now instead of analyzing whatever fantasies you got with us." He passed by Cole, taking the dirty mugs to the dishwasher, earning himself an annoyed mutter from his colleague's side.
"Not sure what's the problem, but you've been surely pissed this week. Is it that it was just the two of us?"
"No."
"Then? You can talk to me. Look, I'm sorry if I sounded intrusive, I was just curious..."
"I'm just having a.. Period."
Cole snorted loudly.
"You do act like you're on a period. I used to have a girlfriend going bananas during that time of the month." He bemused himself at the thought.
Silence settled between them for the rest of the time inside the shop. It was only when they locked everything and were ready to part ways that Ryan spoke again. 
"Sorry if I acted anyhow... You know, nasty." He scratched the back of his head, stopped by his bicycle. "It's more of a self crisis I'm facing and you can't help much." A corner of his mouth lifted the slightest. "But thanks, Cole. I really appreciate it." A smile filled with appreciation spread entirely on his lips now. The other shook his shoulder encouragingly.
"Just speak your mind if you feel like it anytime. We're here for you." 
The boy pushed his bike outside the small gang their back door lead to, and bid farewell to his colleague when they reached the main street. The thoughts engulfing his mind lately, regarding his past, were giving him no breaks. He got to focus only when he was reading or discussing with Hamsika, but even then, he managed to have his attention drifting away occasionally, mostly when silence lingered too much between them. Being alone with his thoughts was more of a continuous conflict lately and he didn't like the feel of it, but he saw no way out of it either. He tried talking it out with miss Olsen, who was the only one that could've known something, since everyone else, mostly from his jobs, only got in touch with him after he remembered being in the house he was now living into. But before that, there seemed to be nothing but a noise. 
He often felt the surreal calm surrounding him when he was alone with the sky, being it at the observatory or during a late night walk. He also experienced more than just often, dreams regarding the vast beyond Earth, but since he was so invested in studying space, there was nothing off with it. However, this as well, either gave him a lightheaded sensation when he woke up, or on the contrary, a heavy headache, if the dream ended with a sudden powerful light, like a blast, pushing him back into reality from wherever he may have been floating in his thoughts. These were the feelings that were sending him the closest vibes to belonging somewhere. Everyone had a place that brought them the inner peace, a place they could call home, and that mostly was related to the surroundings they grew up into, that molded them into what they were today. To think of outer space that way was a bit off, as he thought to himself, but it was all that he had. Maybe because he had no memory of a home, and the sky, unlike any other place he could've been into without remembering now, was always watchful above him. 
Ryan breathed in deeply, and a smile spread on his lips as he saw the roof revealing the clear sky when it slid open for the huge eye of the telescope to peek out through the night. He finished his cleaning and it was nearly the meeting hour when the sound of footsteps closed in. The door opened and with a slight trace of worry, she walked inside. Hamsika decided to step over her fears and so did he, over his dark thoughts, as the door got locked and it was just the two of them and the infinity beyond the lens.
Chapter VI
With Alice back at work, the days seemed to pass again slower. When they were burdened with the work of three, it was all like a flash. Ryan wouldn't complain in any of the situations normally, because he really enjoyed both taking his time with the clients, and also breaking his records at spilling less mugs than usual when he was in a rush, with lots of people waiting for their orders. Despite the fact that he tried his best not to waste orders and cause delays, his lack of dexterity came to surface once in a while.
But what made the days pass even slower was the continuous wait. Ever since he stepped deeper into sharing and studying astronomy with Hamsika, he started to look forward more and more to each of their meets, which were mostly unplanned. He end up once in a while throwing his eyes towards the entrance, hoping to see her come in with the heavy messenger bag pulling onto her shoulder. The good part in this was the fact that the discussions with her and his mind being preoccupied with the study subjects, were keeping the dark thoughts away. It was a distraction. The most pleasing one he could ever wish for. Being able to finally share his love for space with someone else other than a random teacher dropping by the coffee shop, was truly a bless. 
To the coffee treat, that was already a habit by now, he started to add a slice of cake. He never really shared much with anyone, since he had no family to go home to, so other than miss Olsen and the people at work, there was nobody else he would quite regularly see. Nobody else until his team up with Hamsika happened. The girl was passionate about it all and she really put all efforts into battle, considering the difficult financial situation she got, as he learnt of during one of their meets. Seeing her smile at an achievement or a slice of cake was at least priceless, and soothing to one's soul.
It was over a week since they last met, when Anna entered the shop, heading straight to Ryan who was gathering some mugs off a table. She grabbed his forearm, making him jump at the sudden touch, and turn until their eyes met.
"You've got to help me; help her." Her gaze was piercing, even demanding, but with a trace of pleading. 
"What happened?" His tone as low as hers, nearly a whisper, but loaded with concern already. He felt something was off given the long absence.
"She got a call from home last week saying her dad had some accident on his way home and I couldn't understand much from her, but I think he isn't doing that well... She hardly ate ever since then, she's an overall mess and today refused to go to classes."
He mouthed something wordlessly, not knowing exactly how to react to the news, then took the small tray with empty mugs, his mind elsewhere as he walked to the counter, putting them automatically into the dishwasher. He wiped his hands and walked back to the girl waiting impatiently nearby.
"How am I supposed to help if she didn't even leave the room today?"
"Come with me."
"I can't. I don't have access there."
"My ass. We can use the back door of the dorm. Nobody knows all students there anyway. People come and go all the time."
He looked at her hesitatingly, then checked the hour. There were still two hours left until he called it a day, but his face must have shouted "I am desperate" because it wasn't long until Alice approached them. 
"What's going on? Did he mess up your order?" 
"What? No. I didn't even get to order." 
"Take her order, Junior!" She bumped his shoulder playfully and turned to leave, but got caught by his hand on the way.
"Alice, I gotta go earlier today."
"What? Why?"
"It's his girlfriend, she's sick. I'm her roommate. Please." Anna nearly launched herself at the other, pleading.
"Who? The one that helped us back then?"
"Yes..." He muttered as the same remark was being pointed out for the thousand time, by either Alice or Cole. She crossed her arms and measured him from head to toes.
"Fine. Just this time, because we're not crowded."
"I owe you both." He tossed his apron into her arms faster than she could anticipate, nearly dropping it as she received it, and watched him grab a slice of cake in a small box, then disappear through the back door.
Alice pointed to Anna outside where he was already waiting by his bicycle, gesturing desperately as if asking what was she waiting for.
"Oh God. Thank you again!" She shook Alice's hand in a rushed move and went outside to the other, leaving together shortly after, the girl riding along, sitting on the trunk of his bike.
"Where did he go?" Cole joined his coworker’s side as he finished serving a client, looking outside where Ryan used to be.
"To his girlfriend. She's sick." She shrugged and walked away, heading towards the back door for a smoke.
"I knew it! I knew there's something between them!"
"Shut up, Cole!" Tim shouted from his office, making the boy mumble something under his breath.

Ryan had no idea what he would do once he saw her. He never faced a similar situation before and wasn't given the occasion to offer much comfort in other situations, since at work they were rarely talking about their problems, and miss Olsen was rather sharing pleasant memories, than her current old age issues.
As the coffee shop wasn't far from the university, they reached the destination quite fast. Anna pointed him a way around their dorm building so they could enter through the back door, usually used by the cleaning staff. 
"Are you sure there won't be problems? It's the least she'd want on her head..." He stepped inside the building, still a bit hesitant.
"Come on, Ryan. Nobody ever asked me anything in this school, other than the library lady. She's a bit looney and exaggerated with the security of her books." The girl rolled her eyes and started to climb the stairs, followed closely by the other.
They stopped at the third floor and went right down the hallway, to the very last room. Anna unlocked and stepped inside carefully, as if something might jump outside. She motioned the boy to follow and closed the door behind themselves, twisting the key once. 
"You got visitors!" She said loud enough for Hamsika to hear inside the bathroom. It was a matter of seconds until she popped her head out, hair still partly wet and turned a shade of bright red at the sight of Ryan, slamming the door back closed. 
"You sure this was a good idea?" He raised his eyebrows, feeling defeated by the situation before he even faced the girl properly.
"You're asking me if it was a good idea to bring you see your girlfriend?" 
"She's not my-"
"He is not my boyfriend!" Hamsika stormed outside the bathroom, her eyes moving back and forth from her roommate to the boy, looking as if she wanted to burn both of them alive on spot. "What is he even doing here? We're not allowed to bring strangers, not mentioning guys! What was in your head?!" She went for the window to check, even if it was impossible for anyone to see that up, unless one used a drone to spy and it was next to no chance for that to happen.
"You have been a mess for more than a week and today you refused to go to classes. What was I supposed to do if you refused to cooperate with me?!"
"Not this?!" She motioned her hands in a overdramatic gesture towards Ryan, who felt like a cornered animal. 
"I can go..." He nearly whispered, taking off the backpack from his shoulders, pulling out the small box with the slice of cake from it. 
"You're not going anywhere!" They both shouted at him, pinning him in place with their gaze, then kept on arguing between each other until Anna raised her hands in surrender. 
"Know what? I'll go buy myself a snack and if you're not any better when I'm back I'm kickin' both of your asses." She grabbed back the key and her wallet and pointed a warning finger at each of them, before making her way out, locking them inside. 
Hamsika slapped her hands against her thighs in frustration and let herself down on bed with a thud. The boy sat beside her and pushed the box her way.
"Cake?" The smallest smile curved his lips when she looked up at him, after checking the box for a moment.
"Why did you accept to come? She's crazy..." She looked down, the box still lingering between them.
"She told me you're not well and I was a bit worried myself, since you always drop by the shop within the week."
She kept her gaze low, chewing onto her lips nervously, then buried her face into her hands, her shoulders slumping, a fine tremble still moving them slightly. It wasn't long until she burst loudly into tears, sobs eating out her breath. Even though he knew this was going to follow sooner or later, Ryan felt overwhelmed and couldn't react immediately. Only when her face got buried in her knees as her arms looped around her legs, he pushed away the cake box and moved closer, surrounding her with a warm, gentle embrace. Her weight felt like melting into his arms, her head pushed deeply into his chest, while her hands kept shielding his shirt from her tears. He rubbed her back soothingly, until her crying started to ease out, slowly catching back onto her breath.
"I can listen if you want to talk about it, but don't feel forced to do it." A whispered voice brushed against her hair, his chin still resting on top of her head. 
"It's not much, but I feel so bad for not being able to help..." She whispered back into his chest, still muffled. "My father had a work accident and broke few ribs and his leg... He will have to recover for two months and my mother has to handle it all alone and there's a risk he will be fired from his two jobs, because people are not always tolerant and kind. And I am just sitting here, thousands of kilometers away, not being able to do anything and praying to get that scholarship so that they won't have to work as hard. They never said it, because they'd give it all for me, but I know they're slowly growing old and so much work gets overwhelming."
A long moment of silence followed her nearly breathless talk. She slowly detached herself from the embrace, though his hand still steadied her back. 
"He will be well." Ryan finally added. "You will do fine, I am sure." He smiled reassuringly as she looked at him, her eyes and cheeks flashing red from crying. The girl nodded silently, her attention getting caught by the box close to her back. It was the cake she never asked for. She brought it onto her lap and looked back at Ryan. It was the embrace and warmth she never dared to ask for. It was the help, the calm and good vibes he always gave her whenever they met. She returned the smile, feeling suddenly more confident.
"Thank you."

When Anna returned, she found an empty room. She shrugged and smiled to herself, feeling her mission being accomplished. The two left actually shortly before she returned, but since Ryan's bike was in the back side of the building, they didn't cross paths. 
"I will meet one of my teachers tomorrow. She helped me with feedback on the project so far, so I will trust her until the end." She looked up at him as they walked. "Do you really believe I can do it? I mean... So many talked about the possibility of travelling through worm holes, so why would I be more special?"
"Because nobody really did more than theories around it."
"So, I'll just be there, talking about another theory of the universe. Hamsika's theory." She laughed, but the boy shrugged, wearing a confident expression.
"I don't see why not? Where others failed, you may succeed."
"It's not like I can open a worm hole here and test it out." Hamsika snorted, wrapping her arms around herself as the chill of the night embraced her.
"Maybe one day there will be a possibility to test it out."
"Not sure I will catch the day humans will travel that far." 
"You're so pessimistic tonight..." He finally looked at her, making a stop, resting a hand on the bike at his side, while the other reached for her shoulder, grabbing it in a soft grip. "You need to relax. Everything's going to be okay, you'll see." 
"I can’t... I feel everything closing in around me. Exams approaching, problems back home, the project." She let out a long sigh, giving the boy a hopeless look. "I feel drained of all energy."
"I heard you haven't eaten much lately. I think that might be the cause." He laughed it off and started walking again, his arm around her shoulders, pulling her closer. 
"She really talks too much." Hamsika muttered under her breath, frowning at the news. 
"But she's right, you know. You need rest and good meals."
"Look who's talking?! The one always complaining of bad sleep. And also, the one who eats next to nothing. I don't recall seeing you putting anything in your mouth whenever we were out. How do you even live?" She poked his side, earning a small tickle and a laugh.
"Weren't we talking about you?" 
She rolled her eyes at the remark and poked again, making Ryan detach from her, nearly stumbling against the bike he kept on pulling at his side. 
"Miss Olsen stuffs me enough whenever she catches the occasion." He went on as soon as he regained balance.
"Who's miss Olsen?"
"A really nice old lady. Neighbor." He smiled at the thought. "She also has a cat I regularly buy food for. Never told her, but.. the cat's obese. Too much turkey food for its own good." 
"Sounds like any other apartment cat to me." Her lips curved in a rather bitter smile, remembering of the one she had back home ever since she was a child. It was old and mostly a grump, but she loved it. She was missing home again, but tried her best to wash away the rest of thoughts that started to cascade back into her mind.
Silence followed them as they took a long walk through the entire campus. Students were still roaming around, some returning from late visits at the library, while others from downtown, all heading back towards the dorm area. If there was anything that caught Hamsika's attention that evening was the fact that he mentioned a random old lady that lived next to him instead of his family. Could he possibly be from another country too? Or at least another city? Truth being told, his English didn't sound British at all, but she couldn't pick another accent out of it either. She thought of asking him about it all, but bit her lips instead and let it be for some other time. If he didn't mention it, perhaps it was something he didn't wish to talk about. She respected that with a small nod to self. 
"Hamsika?" She found him looking rather worried at her. She must have drifted away too deep in her thoughts.
"Yes?"
"I was asking you of the telescope."
"Sorry, my mind was elsewhere... What about it?"
"You said you have one, right?"
"Yeah."
"I know a place near the city we could go stargazing if you want to."
"What? Now?" She stopped, looking confused at him. He looked up, but the sky was partly covered in clouds.
"Not now. Some other day." He smiled, looking back at her.
"Well, sure. I never really used it here, because in the city the sky is always covered with either clouds or pollution smog." 
"Great!" His smile reached up to his eyes and she could feel her cheeks burning again, and there was no crying involved this time. It took all her will not to reach up with her hands and touch them, being just thankful it was dark enough where they stood.
"I'll head back home now, if you don't mind... Guys will kill me tomorrow if I'm late again." He laughed as he got up on his bicycle. She stared for a bit more before snapping back to reality.
"Yes. Sorry for keeping you for so long and thank you for the cake and nice words." She bowed her head a bit, in a gesture of gratitude and waved a good bye as he departed. "Good night!" 
"Night!" He shouted back, raising a hand for a short wave, giving her a last look before he disappeared behind the closest building.
The girl lingered on spot a bit more, finally reaching for her face, cursing under her breath for being so easily affected by the smallest things, like a smile. She soon after turned around and slowly made her way back to the dorm, where most probably Anna awaited details. She was so sure of them being a couple, that it started to raise questions even to Hamsika's mind. Now that she thought of it, the situation was a bit odd indeed. They were close, but how close could close be so they'd be more than friends. She hardly had someone she could've called boyfriend during her teenage years, and couldn't really put a finger where the fine line between friends and lovers stood. She thought of him as of a study partner, but today twisted things a bit inside her mind. On top of that, he was always nice enough to offer her a treat, whether if it was a drink, a snack or both. Her hand drifted to the place his hand rested while they walked and for a moment, she thought she could feel his scent again. It was something pleasant she couldn't define. It was no perfume, but it gave her a sense of calm and comfort and the closer she got to him, the more she wanted to linger there and breathe it all in, melt in the warm and soft embrace like she did just hours ago, while she cried her heart out.
"We're just study partners." She repeated to herself a bit louder than a whisper as she climbed the stairs back to the room. "Just... Partners." 
When she opened the door, Anna was already on her feet, a broad grin plastered on her face, her arms crossed.
"Tell me. Everything." She demanded, earning herself an eyeroll and a disapproving shake of the head from Hamsika.
Chapter VII
Waiting for a word created a bubble of tension around Hamsika, who nearly chew her lower lip to blood. The teacher she went for review was so invested in reading her progress that any brow twitch or frown sent the girl to the edge, wondering how absurd her observations were sounding to the other. She made lots of assumptions during her meets with Ryan, they even added some notes on the late night illegal observation session they had, about which she prayed the teacher would ask no questions. 
When the woman finally put the papers down on the desk, she took of her glasses and pinched the bridge of her nose, making Hamsika sink her nails deeply into her thighs, awaiting the feedback. 
"Miss Acharya... I see you finally reached worm holes topic, and you plan to find another theory about how one could travel through it?"
"I will try my best to improve the things we already know and push the limits even further."
"This is truly a fascinating field to explore, but we know so little and everything is almost pure fiction since there's impossible to test anything out."
"But with each step we get closer to-"
"Dear, I will be telling you this straight, since you still have time to shift the direction of your project in another way. Worm holes are a no. After you finish your studies, you can babble around it how much you want, but I doubt there will be anyone willing to offer you scholarship to research wild science fiction fantasies."
The teacher handed the girl her papers and stood up. 
"Consider a change and we can meet again. When is the next official evaluation?"
"Two weeks. Then the final one after a month."
"I am sure you can come up with something more credible." She smiled and walked her outside the empty classroom. "Good luck, miss Acharya."
"Thank you..." She tried returning the smile, but end up with the weirdest grimace instead, making her way out from public's eye as quick as possible when tears started to threaten leaving her eyes. 
The teacher knew from the start what she wanted to explore and only now she mentioned a change of course? She thought of it as being scandalous, since time was growing shorter and shorter and felt that all her efforts were thrown to the bin. Of course, she could've gotten this rejection during the official examination phase, but if she had no chance at all, then why would the rest let her carry on with the subject? She couldn't give it all up. Not now.
She wiped her eyes with the back of her hand, closing them for a second and took a deep breath, before making her way straight to Tim's. She knew it'll be madness around lunch hour, but she was willing to wait. Not even the course starting right after the break sounded more serious than her current issue. 
Hamsika stepped inside and made an almost instant eye contact with Ryan. He gave her a defeated face, pointing discreetly towards the people waiting in the row, to which she only nodded, and sought herself a spot to sit and wait. She had no idea how much time passed between the moment she arrived and until the shop was finally empty. She only heard the opposite chair screeching on the wooden floor, as the boy pulled it, and raised her eyes, from the papers she wrote and read a thousand times, to meet his. He knew today she had the check with the teacher and his smile started to fade as he sensed the low mood lingering.
"What happened?"
"She wants it changed."
"What's to be changed?"
"Everything." 
A puff of a laughter left his lips, not believing what he just heard.
"What? What do you mean? We mainly had other's researches as a base for our own. How can it be all so wrong?"
"She never said it's wrong."
"Then?" He eyebrows furrowed confused.
"She just thinks it's absurd."
"But-"
"Yeah, I said the same but she dismissed me and gave me two weeks to reevaluate and change my theme."
"Wasn't two weeks your time remaining until the next evaluation?"
Hamsika only smiled to his question.
"Damn... And what should we approach then?"
"Nothing. I am carrying on with what I started. If those teachers give me credit until now, I want to see their opinion as last standing one. Even if that means a no in the end."
"That's a big risk."
"It is, but what if they let me progress curious of the outcome? And instead I would just change it all? Maybe the change would be my failure."
"True." He laid back in his seat, grinning satisfied. "I am supporting you all way through."
"So, you're not saying that I am irresponsibly ignoring my teacher?"
He shook his head.
"That I still want to dive deeper in this wild science fiction fantasy, as she called it?"
He shook his head again and leaned forward, his blue eyes staring directly into hers, his fingers lacing together on the table.
"I wanted to hear what's your plan, but I would've opposed the change, if you chose to do it her way. I trust your first approach. I believe that your choice was not a blind pick."
A client walked in, but Cole made Ryan a sign with the hand to sit down when he wanted to return to the counter. Their eyes met again and remained connected for few more moments, both waiting for the other to retake the conversation from the last point. The boy checked the clock hanged on the wall above Hamsika's head, then looked back at her.
"I have one hour and a half until I am done. What's the plan? What do you want to do during these two weeks?"
"Well, actually it's not much left since we made lots of progress lately. It was just so smooth and she had to ruin my mood and everything..." She pouted with a sigh and leaned back in her chair, crossing her arms.
"It's the jury that will give you the final answer, not her. If they trusted you, as you said it yourself, then I think it's alright." He smiled, playing with a bottle cap he found on the table, sending it to the floor beneath a chair shortly after, looking away in embarrassment of his lack of dexterity. At least nothing got broken this time.
"I will need you have a look on everything next week, just to be sure all is in place and if not, to still have time to change or add." She grabbed her papers and tossed them inside the messenger bag, standing up. "Gotta be back for a course now..."
She threw the heavy bag on her shoulder, frowning at the small cracking sound her bones made. She really needed a break from it all. Even if studying was never a burden and she picked something she loved doing, all the running around from a location to another and the permanent stress, caught up on her. 
Ryan stood up as well and walked her to the door, opening it for her and propping his back against it to hold it open for a client that just left as well. 
"So... See you next week?" He smiled the slightest. He got used to meeting her often or seeing her drop by for a drink or some news. The incoming break sounded so long. 
"Yeah... Next week." She muttered just as stripped of enthusiasm. The talk with the teacher sent her mind and mood places she didn't need to visit. She waved good bye, hardly looking him in the eye and walked away.
"Hey!" His voice sounded from behind. She stopped and hesitated a moment before turning around to see what was up. "It'll be fine. Okay?" A thumbs up and his usual bright smile plastered on his face worked like a healing patch. She nodded and waved again before leaving, hearing the bell of the door clinging in the distance as he stepped back inside. 

It was during the afternoon of Sunday when her patience and focus finally cracked. With a loud slam, she closed all her books and notes in a pile and pushed them in a corner of the desk, catching her head, with a growing ache, in her hands. She felt like nothing was left to add to the project for that moment, the harder she thought of it. She just wanted to know if she would be allowed further or not, as the teacher's dismissive words still lingered in her mind. 
She'd give anything for a random talk, related to anything else than her matters, but not even Anna was around. She pushed herself with her chair backwards, until the window came to her sight. It looked warm and nice outside, even if the sun was slowly going down. She stood up and arched her back in a stretch, then rested her hands on her hips, leaning towards the window for a better look. Perhaps a walk would help her mind. Some fresh air always helped, even though the one inside the city wasn't the best of all to breathe in. She missed the countryside of her grandparents’ house, even when she was back home. She recalled the times when she was just a kid, running around through the fields and forests nearby with the rest, pretending they were explorers of a new world. The girl smiled at the memory, and pressed her lips together in a rather bitter smile, then went to change her clothes and headed outside, with the hope that a walk would help her clear the clouded thoughts. 
As the sun descended more and more, making place for the starry sky, she remembered of Ryan's stargazing proposal. It seemed like a nice night for that, but there was no way she could contact him. She had moments in which she thought of spending part of her food funds to get him a phone, because it was tedious to get in touch with him if anything occurred. However, the thought that she might seem obsessed with keeping in touch with him always stopped her from doing it, even though it'd have been something useful for their study meets. Ever since Anna started pointing out their questionable relationship, she was rethinking all her actions multiple times, because she was afraid that maybe she pushed things a way he didn’t want, since even her roommate noticed a slight obsession. She always excused herself out, saying it's all for studies, but the more she thought of it from an outside perspective, the more she agreed with her friend. Maybe she was enjoying his presence greater than she credited it at first thought. 
"Miss Acharya?"
Hamsika heard a man's voice calling her name. The tone was familiar, but her mind couldn't mix an identity with it yet. She turned around and looked for the source.
"Over here." 
She spun in place a bit and noticed one of her final examination teachers waving at her. She raised her hand the slightest and met him halfway through.
"Good evening." She saluted politely. It wasn't a rare sight to see teachers relaxing with students in the campus during the weekend. Everyone deserved a break.
"Good evening, Hamsika. How have you been? How are the worm holes going? Where can I buy my ticket for a travel, far away from here for the summer vacation?" He smiled amused, and yet curiosity sparkled in his eyes. 
"Well... I guess you'll see in a few days." She returned the smile, glad that she still got his interest triggered.
"I am very curious of your progress. There are in general few who approach such roads, because of the certainty we have so far and because of the lack of experiments we can do and even observations regarding this. But hear me well when I say this: only the brightest minds took in their hands the weight of the unknown and stepped further with it, without fear and eager for answers." 
He gave her a wink and an encouraging pat on her arm.
"Thank you for your confidence, sir. It really matters a lot to me since I am in such an early development phase with it all. Not only the project, but my education itself."
The smile creased his eyes even further, going to a thin line. 
"Best of luck, Miss Acharya and a fine evening!"
"Thank you, sir. The same wishes go back at you." She bowed her head the slightest as a sign of salute and respect while parting ways with the other. The unexpected meet turned out to be the encouragement she needed. Hearing it coming from one of the judges gave her courage and brightened her mood greatly. 
"Maybe my fantasy won't be bad at all..." She whispered to herself, smiling at the thought.
Chapter VIII
Despite the fact that she went to the presentation with a positive feeling in her heart and her fingers crossed for the best, facing the jury always brought her guts to a pit of worry. It was all alright until one started to frown. That was the moment in which her paranoia senses kicked in, raising thousands of questions in her mind, making her wonder if the ones before her considered her project ridiculous. She sometimes had the feeling that they'd let her get this far only to see how much she can fantasize about it, to just laugh it off into her face at the end. 
Hamsika felt her palms getting sweaty as she pressed them together onto her lap, while she sat, waiting for the feedback on her progress. Both herself and Ryan put lots of effort and heart into everything the teachers lied eyes on. All that she was hoping for was that she won't have to go and give him bad news. Surely, as she knew him, he'd be a bit sad at first, but would try to lift up the spirits before everything would go all gloomy. A memory of his bright and contagious smile flashed into her mind and it took all her self-control to avoid the blush that always flooded her cheeks, while her heart took leaps into her chest.
"Miss Acharya..." One of the teachers started, wiping away any other thoughts from her head. He took off his glasses and let the papers rest on the table, looking at the girl. "The realm you are stepping into is dark and filled with unknown. Are you sure you are willing to do this?"
"If you are referring to the lack of resources and rather little research made so far... Then, yes, I am aware of what it all implies and I wish to dive deeper into it."
The teacher only nodded, then made some notes and with a small gesture of his hand, gave the word to the woman next to him.
"What mister Davis wants to say, is that your support will be rather limited. Of course, there are books and teachers that could help you through, but it's a journey full of unknown in which you will have to carry a lot of weight. You will face lots of errors and failures, since not much can be demonstrated at this moment. Much is... Speculation. However, with each day that passes, we seem to make more progress in the study of black holes at least, so I say you are pretty much gravitating around them with your project." She smiled.
"We need more courageous bright minds like yours, miss Acharya." The teacher she met during her Sunday walk lastly added, handing back her papers. "Congratulations. You are officially in the finals now."
A small shriek of enthusiasm escaped her mouth. She would've screamed her lungs out, but managed to get away only with that, the widest smile and lots of thanking. The girl gave the quickest thumbs up to the ones still waiting to enter as she rushed down the hallway, holding onto her heavy messenger bag, balancing dangerously at her side, on the shoulder. She took out her phone to check the hour. She could still catch him at Tim's before the shift was over. The news simply couldn't wait.
With her heart beating hard enough to break out her chest, filled with adrenaline from running almost all her way there, and with the euphoria of the news, she nearly stumbled into the coffee shop's door. It was locked. She desperately checked her phone again, then peeked inside. She may have been fast, but not fast enough. Hamsika knew very well how wasted they all looked and felt after a day there, battling the two rush hours, but she really wished this time they'd be cleaning for a bit more or just linger with a talk.
"Come on..." She whined at the closed door, gluing her sweaty forehead to the glass, still panting after the run. 
"Saved you some." The always friendly familiar voice came from the side. She turned her head to look with such a speed that it hurt her neck. Ryan was just leaving the gang alley their back entrance lead to, holding up in a hand a paper bag filled with goodies and pulling the bicycle with the other.
"I thought you left!"
"I was heading your way." He smiled, but his eyebrows raised quickly with curiosity as he approached her. "How did it go?!"
"Perfect!" She finally shouted and launched herself at him with a hug, nearly knocking off whatever his hands held. 
"Oh! Oho! I knew it!" He offered her half of a hug with his bag holding arm. "I got cake and something to drink. Let's find some nice place and celebrate!"
"Please. I need a breather!" She took the paper bag from him and started walking by his side, down the boulevard in the search of a nice spot to enjoy their goods. 
They end up with the coffee already cold, after a long walk, into a park, further from the madness of the city. They went for the small pond and took a spot under a tree, where they placed their belongings, making themselves comfortable for the first time during that day.
When she took out the contents of the paper bag she'd been carrying, she discovered the usual single slice of cake in a box, accompanied by a plastic spoon and a large cup of coffee. She placed them down on top of the folded bag and looked at him already laying down, hands beneath his head, wearing a satisfied smile. The boy felt the other's eyes on him and turned his focus onto Hamsika, wearing a confused expression at the sight of her seriousness.
"What? You're allergic to almonds?" He took a rather worried look at the slice of cake.
"Why is there always just a slice?"
"You want more?" He snorted with laugher at her remark.
"Not for me, you dummy. For yourself... I feel bad always eating it by myself. You never want to take from mine at least."
"I'm good. Don't like sweets." He shrugged, still looking at her. She wasn't convinced. "It's your treat!" He insisted.
"We both deserve to celebrate. At least this time do me a favor and let's split it in half."
He gave the girl a pleading look, meaning to say that it wasn't necessary, but the seriousness lingered in her eyes so intensely, he eventually surrendered and sat up, facing her.
"You put so much effort into everything you do, and yet I never see you taking care of yourself anyhow. Do you ever treat yourself nicely?"
He shrugged at the remark. He never thought of things this way. He did everything because he enjoyed to. Nobody said it was an easy thing to do, dealing with two jobs, living alone and helping out others whenever it was needed, but he never felt like complaining of any of it.
"The satisfaction of helping others and getting a smile is enough of a treat, really." 
"I get that feeling often too, but still..." She gave him an apologetic look and pointed a spoon full of cake his way. He crossed his eyes, looking at the sweet chunk suddenly approaching his face.
"I can eat by myself, you know!" 
"I don't trust you on it. You'd talk it off and I'd still end up eating it all by myself somehow."
"Damn. You got me." He laughed and took the bite.
She kept her eyes on him as she took a bite herself, while the little cream left on the edge of his lower lip took all her willpower not to immediately reach and touch to wipe. He eventually licked it off and wrinkled his nose as she pointed another cake filled spoon his way.
"I said we split it into half, that means one bite for each of us until there's no more."
"I took it for you." He moved out of the way, the cream passing by his nose dangerously close as she insisted, leaning towards him the more he avoided. 
"Come on, Ryan. You're acting like a spoiled kid."
"I really am not comfortable with sweets. They make my insides go insane." He frowned, watching her finally withdrawing the spoon from his face with a slightly concerned expression.
"Stomach sick?"
"No... It's just my chest."
"You get a racing heart from sweets?" She threw him a look in disbelief. "Perhaps if it's chocolate." 
"Anything with sugar."
"You should get a medical check."
"Or just avoid sweets." He laughed. 
"You're lying to me." She frowned and just shoved the cake back under his nose.
"Hamsika, please." The boy grabbed her hand, still amused of the whole situation. He took the spoon from her, redirecting it her way.
"What if I refuse too?"
"Then it'll be us and a wasted slice of cake."
She sighed deeply and closed the cake box, refusing to take the bite as well. The girl crossed her arms, watching him patiently, somewhat judgmental.
"You really want to see me suffer, don't you?" His eyebrows raised the slightest in a defeated question, then shook his head and ate the cake, throwing the spoon back into the empty paper bag. "I'm done." He raised his hands in surrender, muttering with his mouth still full, catching in the corner of his eye Hamsika's satisfied smile as she sipped from the coffee cup.
They remained silent for a while, Ryan lying down on the grass, a hand beneath his head, and one resting over his chest, eyes closed under the sunlight coming through the leaves of the tree nearby; Hamsika had a book taken out in the meanwhile, but managed only to read a few lines over and over again, without truly having her mind on them, her eyes rather drifting on the slow, relaxed motion of the other's chest going up and down with his breaths. She felt the urge of being closer to him. She'd put her head right over his lifting chest, to give listen to that crazy heartbeat he mentioned, but resumed herself at only lying down on her belly at his side, elbows on the ground and the book lying down open next to his head. She kept on reading and throwing a look or two to her side once in a while, her thoughts often going ways she couldn't endlessly avoid. 
He may have been the best study buddy she could wish for, but he also started to become the biggest desire she craved for, right after her love for space and the infinity beyond. His scent felt fresher than any flower spring could offer; his eyes, a blue alike the reflection of the sky itself; his curled crazy hair, a mess she'd love have her fingers stuck into; his warmth, calling like a fire during the coldest times. She felt her arm slowly press against his shoulder and tilted her head to the side, unconsciously smiling at the peaceful sight. Her eyes drifted to his lips, which were always chapped, sometimes even bleeding under his intense chew. It was a thing she noticed he was doing whenever he was deeply involved into studying or figuring something out. 
"Hamsika?"
The girl pulled herself back so fast she nearly fell on her side, letting her hair slide onto her cheeks to cover the burning blush that lightened them up at the sudden sound of his voice. Her heart threatened to leap outside her chest at the thought that he might have been aware of her stare all that time.
"Hamsika?" He repeated, opening his eyes and turning his head to the side to look at her as no reply came in first place. "You alright?" A confused look on his face told her that he knew nothing, unless he was playing it cool really well. She must have been an emotional mess already.
"Yes?" 
"Still up for stargazing?"
"Ehm... Sure?" 
She wasn't expecting that. She almost forgot they talked about it, thinking that the proposal was just a thing he said randomly. He really meant it. The two of them, somewhere at night, under the stars. It sounded unreal.
"Tonight?"
She blinked few times to make sure she wasn't actually taking an afternoon nap, exhausted after all the madness in the past weeks. 
"Yes."
"Are you sure you're okay?" He studied her face, trying to peek through her hair. 
"Yes."
"Of course he thinks I'm not okay, suddenly knowing no more to say than yes!" She thought to herself, pressing her eyes shut for a moment, trying to claim back all her senses. Her focus drifted again on the book, hoping that taking her mind off him for a moment would help, but she still felt the boy's gaze on her for a while more, probably concerned of her well-being. She truly needed to do something about this part concerning him. She thought of finally spitting out the truth she realized too late to her roommate, but she wasn't sure how much would that help. There were moments in which she wished her parents would live closer, so she could visit them. Perhaps a talk with her mother would help, no matter how traditional in thinking she might have been, surely they'd reason and find a pleasing midway. However, now she was pondering mentioning it to her mother anyhow, since the best they could have met at that moment were video calls, which weren't of the best quality, and for sure not as reserved as a live talk, between four eyes. She didn't want her parents to think her head was elsewhere focused than on her studies, since they were both working their hearts out to keep her there, supporting her with everything they could. 
Hamsika even thought of taking the matter in her own hands and deal with it, but that meant either silently trying to push things her way and see if Ryan responds emotionally anyhow to it, or just go straight forward and confess her feelings for him, which made her mind go places recently. Her heart fluttered at the thought, each time it flashed back into her head. She had never been through such a situation and dealing with it was harder than figuring a black hole at that moment. 
"I was thinking..." She started, finally brushing the strands of her hair behind the ears, to make eye contact with him. She went on as she earned his curious look. "Apart from astronomy and astrophysics, are there any other science subjects that you enjoy?"
"Need help with anything else?" He grinned, turning on his side, head propped in his hand, his elbow digging into the grass under the pressure. Hamsika rolled her eyes.
"No. But maybe you want to talk about other things too and I kept you trapped and focused only on my stuff."
"I read lots of things, various subjects. That's how I waste my nights to the horror of my coworkers." He laughed, and looked down, twisting a strand of grass between his fingers. 
"You know, before I decided I wanted to study astrophysics, I was really into biology and chemistry, since my parents urged me big part of my life to pursue a doctor career. Only when they understood my love for knowledge started to get directed a different way they stopped and supported me however they could into my new goal."
"What made you change your mind?"
The girl shrugged. She couldn't really put her finger onto a clear answer, but she knew that ever since she was a child, she enjoyed watching the sky at night and wondered what was up with the bright lights watching over her house every evening. 
"A silly child's dream." She smiled at the thought.
Ryan looked back at her, studying her deeply for a few moments, making the girl question herself what was going on, wondering if she went unconsciously back to the bright shade of red. 
"I don't think it's silly."
"Yeah, maybe because you like chasing stars too." She let out a small awkward laugh. "To others we're just wasting time, staring at the sky."
"I'd waste all my time, all my life, doing just that with no regrets." He collapsed back onto his back with a chuckle, his forearm hovering over his eyes to shade them from the sunlight that slowly started to invade their spot as it went down.
"Alone?" She found herself asking, shocked at her own daring. Her guts twisted violently as she saw his head tilting to the side to look at her.
"Well, if you wish otherwise, then alone."
Her brain just took a halt. Obviously, she was expecting an answer, but couldn't decipher yet what was the full meaning of it. He often said things that sounded at least confusing, or could have multiple interpretations. Was that an invitation? A statement? Why couldn't he answer like a normal person with a clear yes or no?
Hamsika tried her best to contain her confusion with a neutral face, waiting patiently, hoping that he had something else to add, but instead he pushed himself up, dusting off his clothes and offering a hand. She stared at it understanding even less, but decided to close her book and let herself being dragged up. 
"We have to go and grab your telescope and head to the spot I've been telling you about. It's outside the city, so it's about one hour away, by bicycle."
"One hour by bicycle? But I don't even have one!" She frowned, realizing that she'd have to somehow bare the weight of her telescope for at least an hour.
"I can carry you." 
"And the telescope? Is not that small..."
"We'll manage."
"Ryan..." She started on a pleading tone, but he was already gathering the leftovers and pulling his bike back up from the ground. 
"You still wanna go?" He peeked at the girl over his shoulder.
"Yes, but." 
"Then, come on!" The reassuring smile washed away her concerns within a second and she soon found herself in the front of his bike, his chest hovering over her as they rode back to the dorm. 
When they reached the campus, the girl left for the telescope, letting Ryan wait at the entrance of the building, trying her best to avoid eventual trouble or questioning from her roommate. To her surprise the door was locked. Anna must have been out for dinner or still studying, since finals were slowly approaching. She had lots on her head as well, but decided to follow the boy's words once in a while, and try to take it easier, doing one thing at a time, at a reasonable pace, though it seemed impossible to manage sometimes. 
She pushed a chair next to the closet and climbed up to take off the telescope. It was quite a weight to handle, and pulling it outside its safe spot without dropping it, proved itself to be a challenge. Once back with her feet on the floor, she let out a long, relaxed breath. She dusted off the carry bag and after she pushed back the chair and turned off the light, made her way down to Ryan, who was waiting, already up on the bike, a foot still on the ground for balance. 
"I expected a monster from your descriptions." He laughed.
"It's not much..." 
"See? Bearable!" He extended his hand towards her, freeing her of the weight pulling down onto her shoulder, taking it onto himself, making sure it's secured on his back. 
"This won't be easy." She evaluated the situation again, watching the boy doubtfully. Picturing herself back on the frame, with his arms at her sides, was both thrilling and terrifying. It wasn't safe at all. Not for a one hour ride.
"Are you sure it's safe?" She pressured again, taking a step closer as he leaned backwards, making her place to climb up.
"Haven't I just brought us here in one piece?"
"But you said it's further..."
"We'll be fine." He gave a pat to the bike's frame and watched the girl approach and take her seat with a small, concerned sigh.
Thankfully, once they left the city, the road Ryan picked was good and didn't had as many cars coming and going around them. Hamsika inhaled deeply, feeling the air change as they gained more and more distance from the town. It was fresh, slightly cold and filled with the boy's scent. She peeked at him for a brief moment, wondering if he was tired anyhow from carrying the telescope and the weight of two people, while keeping the bicycle go at a decent pace too. There was no sweat yet, but she was quite sure, that in the morning he will feel it deep into his bones. 
She couldn't tell how much time passed, since it all felt so enjoyable, and smiled all way through, but when the bike stopped, they were still in the middle of nowhere, at the edge of a forest.
"It's best we get off for now and walk to the final destination. Wouldn't like to have a branch make a mess out of both ourselves and your precious instrument."
"Where exactly are we going though?" She looked around, but saw nothing else than the trees and the lonely road they came through. He turned and shortly after pointed towards the forest at a small path, almost invisible through grass.
"We gotta go that way. It'll take us outside the forest, on top of the hill." He grabbed his bike tighter after fixing the telescope bag better once again and started to walk, with the girl following closely.
"How did you even find this place?"
"By accident. I really enjoy going hiking when the weather gets nicer, like now."
"Out of all the places you found this one."
"I found lots of nice places around here, but this one is perfect for stargazing." He threw her a quick look. "You scared?" He bumped his arm gently into hers.
"Not at all. I actually missed this." Hamsika smiled, recalling again her childhood memories when she used to know the forest around her grandparent's house like the back of her hand.
They walked about half an hour more through the forest, going upper with each step. To her surprise, the trees didn't start to get less as they got closer to the top, but stopped rather abruptly revealing a large meadow, lightened only by the bright moon right above it. 
"I... Didn't expect this." She mouthed silently, impressed by the sudden view.
"Told you it's nice." He grinned, satisfied by her reaction. 
They kept on walking until they reached the highest spot. Ryan let the bike lie down and carefully took off the bag from his back, placing it on the ground as well.
"I should've taken a flashlight. But the phone should work."
"I think I can fix it. I mean, it's not that dark."
Hamsika gave him a look, as if asking him what did he meant by not that dark. She was pretty sure that if the smallest cloud happened to cover the moon for a moment, everything would go dark enough for them to stick their fingers into their eyes. She shook her head and took out her phone and a power bank, turning on the flashlight as he started to unpack the telescope.
"You know how to fix it? I had a manual in one of the pockets if anything. I only put it together once, because I didn't have a nice spot to use it."
"If I managed using the one at the university, this shouldn't be harder."
She nodded to herself and aided him with light until he was done with assembling it. The boy took a step back and looked at the telescope, then scouted the sky, his hands on his hips, while Hamsika took his place, trying to adjust the lenses onto something. She was quite sure they had no internet signal to get some coordinates or anything, so the Moon would be all they'd see that evening most probably.
"You know..." Ryan started after a long period of silence in which she kept struggling, trying to focus Mars instead of the Moon, since the latter was easy to observe anytime later, even from a park. She didn't look at him, but her ear listened closely to whatever he had to say.
"Since you mentioned chemistry and the human body today, I've been thinking... I read an article related to that recently." He went on, still pacing around, looking at the sky. "Did you know the oxytocin is not responsible only for the pleasurable parts? It can also amplify your negative feelings. Like jealousy, envy and even suspicion."
Hamsika's eye nearly slid into the visor of the telescope as she heard. Out of all the things he could've read about it was oxytocin.
"What else did that article say?" She pressed on, still not looking at him, curious if there was more. It triggered her attention enough to wonder if she picked the subject randomly or not. The boy stopped, staring up at the sky, hands deep down in his pockets. 
"That a relationship can be at its peak forever, if the people involved in it keep on feeding themselves onto activities they enjoy on doing together. The excitement of sharing the same interests and passions stimulate dopamine, which is also responsible with the love feeling, when is first triggered."
Was there anything he couldn't answer to? And out of all the things, he brought these out. Out of all the hormones and chemical reactions of the body. Her jaw dropped at the sudden realization and immediately stared at him, who still faced her with his back. He was going back to their discussion today. He got her subtle question from the first time. He knew it all along. He was messing with her. Hamsika frowned deeply at her thought and part of her wanted to lift the twenty pounds telescope and shove it his way.
He turned around and caught her still staring.
"But you seem to struggle over there. That's no dopamine source." He laughed and walked back to her. The girl only stepped away, still boiling inside with anger at his clever play. She wondered just how much else he figured and had under his sleeve, since he seemed to just randomly spill things out once in a while, which in such moments of revelation, she was turning on all sides.
"Looking for Mars?" He lifted the telescope and went even further with it, with other trailing on his steps. "Not sure we can see anything else from here at this hour. Maybe during summer." He took a look at the sky, and after few soft adjustments of the telescope angle he stepped away, inviting her to watch through a hand gesture.
Still annoyed with his earlier remarks, she approached the instrument rather quickly, curious if he caught sight of anything so fast or was again up to some trick. To her surprise, there was Mars before her eyes, surprisingly sharp. She wasn't yet aware of the performances of her tool, but it was surely better than expected. 
"But how did you... I mean, I tried catching a glimpse of it for ten minutes and didn't even got it into sight."
"You have to be gentle. It's very sensitive to adjustments."
"Yes, but the trajectory." She looked at him, but the boy only shrugged. "You're cheating." She narrowed her eyes at him.
"How?!" He puffed with a laugh, throwing his hands in the air.
"I don't know?! Maybe there's some trick you know and I don't! I see there's many things you're aware of and I'm not."
"Like what?" 
"Like..." She felt blood rushing to her cheeks. She shouldn't have mentioned it; she couldn't spill it all out. "Like many things."
"That's nonsense." He looked at her, still amused. 
Hamsika closed her eyes for a moment to refresh her thoughts, and went back for observation, the boy still at her side, his hands back in his pockets. Deep inside she wished for more such moments; moments that contained the things she enjoyed the most. The nature, the stars above her head and Ryan at her side made it all feel surreal, detaching her completely from stress and school at least for a few hours. 
It was when a gentle breeze brushed her back, beneath her denim jacket, when she realized the boy wasn't there anymore, to shield her from the wind. She took a step to the side and looked around, her heart making a leap as she didn't see his silhouette standing anywhere nearby. Only when her eyes scouted more carefully, she noticed him lying in the grass, the telescope bag beneath his head.
"Ryan?" She made her way to him, worried that something might have happened, wondering if he felt left aside as she got absorbed by the view behind the lens. As no answer came, she crouched close to him and touched his shoulder, careful enough not to scare him awake. The mild confusion on his face as he opened his eyes did indeed confirm that he was only taking a nap, probably exhausted by the way there. She sighed, thinking again that it wasn't the best idea for him to carry it all. He'd be dead tired on the way back and no matter how much she'd like to help, she couldn't carry it all like he did.
"You done? Or have you lost sight again?"
"No, but I thought you want to take a look too." Her hand still lingered on his shoulder. "Are you alright?"
"I'm okay. Sleep always hits me at this hour, just to wake up two hours later and stay awake until sun comes up." He pushed himself up on his elbows, covering a lazy yawn with the back of his hand. 
"I knew we shouldn't come. You have to drag everything back, including myself." She frowned at the thought of unsafety.
"Haven't I just mentioned how I'll be wide awake in two hours?"
"So, I just have to let you nap now for two hours?!" She stared at him in disbelief, slightly panicked by his statement. The boy started to laugh and pulled her down next to him.
"Just... Relax for a bit." He watched her shifting at his side, still displeased and confused, then looked up at the sky, his finger pointing up soon after. "You see that?"
"What, exactly?"
"That bright star over there."
"Yes."
"That's the North Star."
"Polaris."
"Yeah. And that one over there..." He moved his arm, her eyes following the best they could the way he pointed. "That's Mars."
"You had some guide from the start? Like you saw Polaris and then found Mars or is this just a random observation? I'm still surprised how fast you found it. I may be good with lots of theory, but I still find it hard to apply it when I see the real deal." 
"I don't really keep an eye on the astronomy calendar to know what's gonna be where and when. I just search the sky."
Hamsika turned her head to the side and looked at him. She heard the teacher's words echoing in her mind. Ryan really was something else. He had no years of study behind; he did all of it out of pure passion and enjoyment.
"What else is to be seen tonight?" She smiled, her eyes drifting back to the sky, while her head stayed leaned to the side, resting against his shoulder while he pointed up again.
"Some constellations, but nothing out of the ordinary. Pity Orion is out of sight by now."
"I've been so absorbed in school matters lately I really got out of track with it all... I don't know what's where and when now."
"We should've been here earlier, in March or February, for Orion." His head pressed over hers, his arm finally resting, lying down on his chest, eyes still pointed at the sky.
"I think I never got to see it other than in the pictures. Having nobody to share this passion with made things a bit awkward. When I was a kid, stargazing was a thing each of us did, finding shapes on the sky and all, but as years passed, and my focus kept going places, until it stabilized back on astronomy, I became lonely in this."
"You shouldn't care as much about what's going on around you. As in... The people that judge what you might do. It's just stargazing after all, not putting together a hydrogen bomb." They both laughed at the thought and started to debate how sometimes other people's beliefs and opinions could shift one's way.

"I'm glad I somehow stumbled upon you. It feels good to have who to share such things with." She added later when silence fell between them. It was a thought of appreciation that crossed her mind often. Even if she was hesitant at first, now she couldn't see things otherwise. They made a great team when it came to study, and it seemed like even outside it, the pleasant feeling lingered.
It was the flash of a lightning that brightened up the sky and alerted the two, who were still lying under the stars. As they stood up and turned around, the direction the light came from, they noticed a mass of thick rain clouds approaching furiously, while the wind began to intensify.
"This... Is something we hadn't foreseen." Ryan rushed to the telescope and started to turn it into parts again in order to pack it back before the rain reached them.
"Spring weather. Always like a mood swing." She mumbled low, trying her best to help, holding on the telephone light over Ryan's hands as he tried his best to hurry with the undoing of the instrument. 
The roaring thunders approached with short, yet intense, flashes of light and by the smell of it, the rain was already coming their way, approaching faster than anticipated. The boy hung the telescope bag carefully on his back and grabbed his bicycle from the ground, rushing down the hill with Hamsika at his side. She kept checking on their back every now and then, as if she spied on the rain that threatened to start pouring anytime soon. By the time they reached the street, there was still no drop to be seen, but with the clouds trailing them, there was no time to waste.
"Ryan, are you alright? I mean, can you take us home safe?" She finally let out her concerns loudly, measuring slightly worried the other.
"Yeah. Let's just hurry." He climbed on his bike and waited for the girl to take her seat back on the frame, then departed in the fastest hurry he could. It was no easy job and if rain started, it would’ve only made things worse, since a slipping road was everything they didn't need.
The city was in their sights when the storm finally caught up on them. Despite the late hour, cars were still passing by more and more as the town drawn in closer, adding to the already pouring water, splashes from the road. Nor the leather jacket the boy wore, or the cover of his body over Hamsika, kept them away from getting soaked wet, but this was the least important thing at that moment; they had to reach a dry place in one piece. 
"I say we stop at my apartment. I can hardly move with these heavy clothes on and I feel you shiver. I can give you some temporary clothes until yours dry." The boy said as they entered the city and waited for cars to pass so they could cross the road safely.
"Ryan, it's late... I won't be leaving your house at four in the morning, if that's when my clothes will dry." She had no idea where exactly he lived, but supposed it was closer than the campus if he proposed that solution.
"I doubt they'll dry that soon."
"Four is soon?"
"It's one and something now. It was around midnight when we left."
"Damn." She muttered, not realizing where time had gone so fast. She eventually agreed for his apartment, which indeed was not that far away. 
They stopped by the eight story building and mounted off the bike. Ryan touched his pockets in the search of the keys, while looking up at most of the lights being turned off. He was thankful for deciding to close the window earlier in the day. When he finally pushed the door open, a cold shiver surrounded their bodies from inside the building. Staying any longer in the soaked clothes was clearly not a good idea, and Hamsika was agreeing deep inside, with coming here instead of heading to the dorm, more than she thought she would. She wasn't selfish enough to let him struggle as much. He already did a lot for the trip.
Despite the mess it got all over, the boy pushed the bike inside the house on the small hallway, then took off the telescope bag, putting it aside. He unzipped it and examined the contents, which were completely dry thanks to the waterproof material from the inside of the bag. As he still busied himself with locking the door and pushing things around that still stood in the way, Hamsika took her time to examine the place. It was pretty much as she'd expect it to be: a mess. The smell was as pleasant as the boy's, but there were things all over the place. It didn't look dirty, but disorder was the strongest dominant; from books scattered all over, off the shelf, on the floor next to it, towered on the desk, to the unfolded clothes, some probably waiting to be washed, while some waited to be folded and placed in the closet. She closed her eyes for a moment, letting out a small frustrated sound when light nearly blinded her from the hallway they were sitting into. Cutting off the observing, she turned to finally look at him and see what he was up to. 
"I've never been like this." He laughed, pointing at himself and the mess that he was; all water, dirt and whatnot else. He lazily pushed away the shoes from his feet and looked at the girl, who seemed rather absorbed by something else. "What?" His eyebrows raised behind the rebel wet curls, that still poured droplets on his face. 
An unexpected grip pulled onto his shirt, bending him forward. Her lips pressed onto his, feverishly, in a quick move, to which he reacted with a surprised, silenced gasp. His eyes closed in delight and their bodies got tied together as the wet clothes still stuck onto themselves. When she launched herself into the kiss, Hamsika felt like jumping into the void, with no clue of whatsoever could be behind it. How Ryan would react to it would be only the surprise element; in fact, just another surprise element added to her own bold daring. She had no idea what she was doing, but all the she knew it was that she wanted to be closer to the boy. Their mental connection couldn’t suffice her needs anymore lately, and she had to solve it somehow.
Her hands pulled at the leather jacket he still had on, which saved him only the slightest from the rain, since the water still made its way to the skin through other places, his chest being a soaked mess. His shoulders relaxed and let her drag the jacket down his arms, have it collapse on the floor with a thud. Their mouths parted, both gasping for a more solid breath, their eyes finally meeting, one pleasantly surprised and the other shily looking up, with a hunger still lingering deep within the gaze. 
“Well that was... Unexpected.” He let out a small laugh, brushing away the strands of hair lingering on his forehead.
“For once, Ryan. Shush.” She whispered, her hands resting on his chest, feeling the steady heartbeat, while being thankful to most of the lights being still off, or out of sight as he was now standing in front of the hallway one, hiding the rainbow shades going wild into her cheeks.
As her mind drifted away at the thought of everything that happened that evening, a cold wet touch of a curl on her face snapped her out of daydreaming. He leaned in closer and their lips met again in a soft kiss. It felt like he was still testing the surroundings with his touch. His lips trailed away from hers in gentle kisses along her jaw and on her cheek, her head tilting to the side delighted. A shiver crossed her body, when their wet clothes touched again, and pushed herself closer to him, feeling his body radiating heat beneath the damped cloth. His hands cupped her cheeks as they parted from the kiss, his thumbs brushing her skin gently, while he looked down at her with the warmest, melt-worth smile. If it wasn't for the shivers her body still sent her, she could've completely forgotten about being soaked to the bones and just stare into those deep blue eyes and taste that smile until the morning came.
"I need to see what I can find you to change." He stepped away, all of a sudden, heading to the closet, breaking whatever magic settled. Once opened, it revealed only a few shirts hanged loosely, while the rest of the clothes were organized in small piles on the shelves. Hamsika couldn't hold herself back from it all anymore, and once she got rid of the wet shoes as well, went to give it all a closer look.
"Ryan, what happened in here?"
"Where?"
She pointed with a rather disturbed look on her face to the open doors.
"Oh." He added then started to laugh. "I don't really enjoy folding them."
"Figured." 
The boy took out a red T-shirt and some shorts, handing them to the other. Hamsika put the shirt in front of herself and began to laugh.
"I had pajamas shorter than this!" 
"I don't think I can find anything shorter."
"These should do..." She watched him close the doors, then looked around for the bathroom.
"There." He pointed over her shoulder, amused, anticipating what she was searching for. 
"Thanks." She made her way back to the hallway, where the bathroom entrance was also, nearly tripping over the abandoned bicycle, letting out a frustrated sound.
It must have been the only tidy place in the house. She pulled down the toilet seat and placed the dry clothes on it, looking around the small room. It had a shower cabin, a mirror with a shelf beneath and a small sink. Close to the door was the laundry basket, on top of which the hairdryer rested, its cable untangled, thrown over the place. She shook her head, realizing that not even a room this small was safe from the dominating disorder state the whole house was into. 
After long moments of struggle, she managed to pull off herself the jeans that seemed to have been glued to her skin, letting them rest on the bars of the radiator along with her shirt. Normally she would've taken a shower, but she had no idea if the other would be okay with anything alike. After all she was for the first time in his house and claiming things as hers for as long as she was there, wasn't quite a thing she'd be usually doing. Hamsika only put the clothes on, which as she presumed, were big enough to fit two like her, and dried her hair as much as she could with a towel. A hairdryer would've turned it all into a mess at that moment. 
When she left the bathroom, a clinging sound got her attention. She sought for the source and found Ryan mixing two cups of tea on the kitchen counter, welcoming her with a smile. He got rid of the soaked clothes as well in the favor of some comfortable sleeping clothes, while his hair looked crazier than usual, most probably quickly dried with a towel as well. The girl felt at least tempted to tangle her fingers in it.
"I hope it's not black or green tea. It's already late enough."
"Just fruits." He pushed a mug her way. 
She took a sip and let out a small pleased sound. She felt her insides warming up as she kept drinking, while her hands almost absorbed heat through the mug.
"I really need to get my jeans dry at least. There's no way I can leave the house like this." She waved a hand at herself, showing off what they were both already aware of. 
"You're welcome to stay for as long as you wish." 
"I have things to read, papers to write. Finals are approaching and so is the final phase of the project. I honestly don't know how I will handle everything." She admitted as her nose stayed buried in the mug, worry chewing deep on her thoughts.
"I will help as much as I can." His assuring smile warmed her insides even more, with a twist and a jump of her heart.
"Whatever sent you my way, Ryan, deserves all the praising and prayers in the world." She laughed, knowing that it was the second time that day she mentioned him something alike, but she was truly thankful for all the support she received. 
"Rather whoever. We both know who urged us to cooperate." He laughed, resting his back against the fridge. 
Hamsika looked at him, her eyes lingering on his face for a longer moment as thoughts invaded her mind like an avalanche. She wondered what he thought of the kiss she launched earlier on him. Was it too much? Was it too fast? He did respond indeed after with another, but was it a natural or a forced response. She had reasons to believe fate was on her side and whatever she felt deep inside, he was sharing as well. She hoped for it to be so, otherwise, it would turn everything into an extremely awkward situation and kicking a friendship like this was not to her liking.
“What is this to you, Ryan? I am starting to get confused.” She found her mouth speaking without her brain.
“I... Am not sure what you’re talking about?” Her eyes met his confused look that followed her question.
“Us. Whatever is up with the two of us. Is it really something or am I being fed on fantasies?”
“Well, what is it to you?”
She clicked her tongue annoyed, staring him straight into the eye, pushing the tone of the discussion into a more serious direction than it should have been.
“Will you stop answering me with another question for once and just say talk out your honest thoughts?”
To her growing feeling of annoyance, his focus shifted casually from her, back to the cup of tea, playing again with the spoon, making the clinging sound actually be irritating at that moment. She felt her insides boiling both at his attitude and at her own. Did she really had to put this up to question? She might have ruined it all. Friendship or more than it, if it ever was so. 
“I am not sure I can answer this.” His belated reply snapped her out her racing thoughts after a bit. She searched for his eyes or any reassuring touch, but it all seemed cold, and for sure this was the rain that soaked them anymore.
“Then who can, Ryan?! The stars we dream of every time we meet?” 
"Time."
She looked at him in shock for few moments, then whispered more to self.
“Stop making a fool out of myself... Just stop.”
“It’s the truth.” He looked at her partly helpless, but with a smile playing in the corner of his mouth. “I really don’t want anything to change, but only time will show us what will be up with us. For now, it’s this.” He spread his arms, showing off at them and the rest of the house, tea almost flying from his cup. She was tired of his way of being sometimes. She couldn’t tell if he was childish, a tease, a mad man or something beyond it all, that her mind couldn’t deal with yet. 
“You are so silly sometimes.” She lost herself to a laugh, her brain feeling tired and defeated by it all. The day seemed endless and with the tea finished, all she wanted was a bed and a good sleep. 

Chapter IX
The following month felt like bathing in fire for Hamsika. Sleep was but a luxury and whenever she got more than five hours a night it was a true bless. The girl was in a continuous back and forth between the library, classes, which mostly meant exams as of in the late weeks, and Tim's, where Ryan gave every free minute he had to drop an eye over her notes as the deadline closed in. 
It was during the last weekend of the month, just at a three days distance from the big finale of the scholarship program exam, when Ryan dragged her outside the campus, into a new oasis he found within the city: the botanical garden. With June being almost there, all was colored in a fresh green, filling the grey city with a dose of oxygen and pleasant sight for sore eyes.
"I still don't understand why we had to come all this way. We lost nearly an hour." She kept complaining as they sat down on the blanket he brought.
"Because your brain needs a reset." He poked her forehead playfully, then grabbed some of the papers she took out in the meanwhile.
"These are the latest, finished at around six."
"You're mad."
"Just desperate. Please, Ryan. Be serious, today. It's the last review we can have."
The boy snorted loudly with a laughter, slapping the papers against his thigh despite the other's scandalized look. Since they only met at the coffee shop during the last couple of weeks given her limited schedule, she nearly forgot how lightheaded he could be at times, and this was clearly not a right moment. 
"Come on, damn it. Focus!" She pleaded, making Ryan's smile slowly fade, and turn his focus rather on the content than on an eventual disconnection of the girl from all the madness going on around her.
She let him take his time and read thoroughly, while she tried her best to hold her patience together, given the weariness catching up on her, as well as the stress. She wished for more such days out, in a place as further from the university as possible, since she was growing tired of it all after the pressure she had on her head lately; she wished for more time with Ryan, considering that ever since the stargazing evening, when rain caught up on them, they had no more meets other than those quick ones at Tim's. She still had moments, before falling asleep at most, when she wondered what was all that about. The two kisses that only seemed like a distant fantasy, the embrace she fell asleep and woke up into, the mess his place was, which made her feel both annoyed with it and deeply in love; if it would've been otherwise, it didn't feel like it belonged to the boy anymore.
"I believe it's really good. You just have to put all things together and you're ready to go!" He placed down the papers, looking at her.
"Oh no. I knew it's awful!" She exclaimed, earning a mildly lost look from the other.
"What's awful?"
"Didn't you just say so?"
Ryan looked at her for a few moments, their eyes meeting, confusing each other.
"No."
"So, it's good?"
"It's perfect." He smiled for a brief moment, then placed a hand on her shoulder comfortingly, looking rather concerned. "Are you alright?"
"Honestly... No. My brain feels like collapsing any moment soon and so does the rest of my body with all the lack of sleep."
"You really need to offer yourself a breather. And a good night sleep."
"When I'm dead."
He arched an eyebrow at her, partly annoyed with her attitude, to which the girl only rolled her eyes.
"Promise me you'll do this after you get back to the dorm."
"But-"
"No. No more buts. You need rest or you will be sleepwalking in front of the jury on Monday."
Their eyes locked again, and she stared into the deep blue that kept studying her face, waiting for a response. Hamsika nodded silently. She knew he was right, but she felt like, despite all the hard work, she still didn't deserve a good rest yet. It felt like wasting time she could've put elsewhere, though she was nearly done with it all. Just as he said, she only needed to put all notes together in a nicely printed document and that should be it.
"I took half of my Monday free. I'll be waiting for you." He added, finally pleased with her decision.
"But why? I can stop by and tell you after."
"I never took a day off anyway, so everyone was okay with it. You need all the support that can be offered." He smiled reassuringly, warming up her heart so much it reached her cheeks. She was thankful for having someone close that could lift her up when she felt down and guide her back on track. She thanked him many times before and if she wouldn't feel awkward about thanking a million times more, she'd do it without hesitation.
"You're out of this world, Ryan."
She touched his hand gently in a gratitude sign and the most genuine smile curved her lips. He chuckled at her remark and placed a warm hand over hers, lacing fingers together. Ryan pushed away the papers and pens scattered all over, then lied down, pulling Hamsika along. She made herself comfortable at his side, her head finally resting on his chest, as she craved for in so long, listening to the slow and steady beats of his heart. His arm holding her close in an embrace, and his lips resting in her hair, made the girl lose herself to the moment and forget about all the worries that filled her thoughts lately. She really deserved a break and the calm surrounding them now felt like a halt in time. If it wasn't for the moving leaves and singing birds nearby, she could've sworn they closed themselves in a bubble where no bad thoughts were permitted. 
"Ryan... I've been wondering." She started, her voice close to a whisper as if she didn't want to disturb the silence surrounding them. The boy only made a small questioning sound, his eyes still closed as she looked up at him.
"Are you really planning on doing nothing else than small jobs here and there?"
"What do you mean?"
"Like... Wouldn't you like working in the field we enjoy so much? Study and explore alongside others." She laced her fingers together, having her palms rest on his chest and her chin on top of them as she looked at him, waiting for an answer. Ryan opened his eyes, focusing up, on the moving leaves. 
"Not sure I'd enjoy it as much."
"Why not? We'd do what we love the most."
"It feels like, when you're doing it as a job, is not as pleasurable anymore. It takes you that freedom."
"Isn't the Universe out there the ultimate freedom we can hope for?"
"If humans were to conquer the space beyond Earth, I believe it wouldn't be as free anymore." He laughed, making her bury her face in his chest with a muffled chuckle too. 
"So, you think it'd be better if we'd just end where we started? Here on Earth?"
"It's not upon me to decide." 
"But if it would be, what would you say?"
The boy tilted his head to the side and looked at her, his hand moving from cradling her back to her cheek, caressing gently, a smile growing on his face.
"I'd just take you wherever else better than here. Let it all end how time decides."
"That... Didn't answer my question." She blushed furiously, but pressed on, trying to avoid the awkwardness of her glowing cheeks. "I was talking about the whole world."
"Yeah. Me too." 
"What? How?"
"I think we have different visions upon what the world means." He laughed and ruffled her hair, pushing himself up on his elbows, blowing up a rebel curl that tickled his forehead.
"You're impossible to deal with! You’re not making any sense!" She pushed him on the blanket, flat on his back, and pressed her hand against his chest to sit herself up, trying to fix her hair the slightest. 
"Thanks?" He laughed it off, looking at her. If there was anything from Ryan, apart from his wild hair, she'd like to keep in her heart and memory forever was his smile and laugh. A delightful experience to the senses. Her source of dopamine as he'd call it, thought to which Hamsika found herself smiling. She'd never forget that conversation, late at night, on top of some isolated hill. 
Only when the sun was nearly gone, they gathered their belongings and started walking towards the exit, arms swinging lazily between them, tied together by a loose lace of their fingers. 
“You sure don’t want me to accompany you to the campus?” The boy asked as they reached the main gate of the botanical garden. 
“I’m good.” She smiled shily. “I need to buy some stuff from the supermarket and clouds are gathering again. Wouldn’t like to end up like last time.” She chuckled recalling both of them being soaked wet thanks to a surprise rain when they went stargazing.
"Alright, then." He returned the smile and got up on his bicycle, leaning to the side to place her a kiss on the cheek. "Get some good rest."
Hamsika placed her hand over his on the handle, squeezing it for a moment.
"Thanks, Ryan. I will." She replied, feeling weariness suddenly catching up on her as he mentioned rest.
They parted with a small wave and she lingered a bit more, watching him take distance. Despite his calm attitude of dealing with things, his body had an unexplainable energy she always enjoyed watching. No matter how deep in a crisis she seemed to be, when they met he managed to ease it out and offer her new perspectives. 
As he passed through the first intersection, he heard police sirens closing it, to see the roads nearby starting to get blocked. He slowed his cycling pace, looking around for the eventual cause of the sudden madness. Was there an accident? Or perhaps an event? Though he doubted police would rush in for an event like this. Or perhaps a spontaneous protest, he thought.
More sirens joined in as he stopped to check out the surroundings. The latest police car was closely followed by a convoy made out of military cars, at the beginning and end of the row, seeming to shield the truck in the middle, which carried a massive metal enforced container, bearing the Royce Robotics logo on its side. The boy frowned the slightest at the name, trying to recall where he saw it last and urged his bike further as it all seemed to ease out after the convoy passed. However, getting lost in thought for a brief moment while crossing the upcoming street, sent him meters ahead, almost landing beneath another car that passed on the boulevard. 

Hamsika, who stopped as well on her way, to check on the madness going on, not long after leaving the spot where Ryan parted ways with her, saw an ambulance passing by a while after the military was gone, but in the opposite direction they went on. Her head turned after the car, wondering what was it all about that evening, and stared down the street. Further in the distance something had indeed happened, as she saw a small crowd gathered under the blue lights of the ambulance. 
It wasn't long until the worst thoughts started to fill her mind. Ryan went that way, but he must have been long gone considering the usual speed he cycled with while being alone. But she recalled the convoy that just passed and thought that perhaps he stopped to check on it too. The gulp landed in her stomach as heavy as a cannonball, and before trying to argue with her own mind, she turned around and walked towards the crowd.
Her darkest inner fear turned into a horrible to face reality, when she saw the familiar bicycle contorted on the side of the road, next to the stopped car that caused the accident. She pushed her way into the crowd and spotted the driver receiving medical assistance. He seemed to only have a mild concussion and a broken nose, but her eyes lingered the slightest on that part of the scene. She scouted desperately for the boy, still praying deep inside that the bike was just another alike his. However, by the time she reached the ambulance, the doors were already closing and it departed before she could see anything. Hamsika looked around hoping to find anything else that could prove her right or wrong, but there was no sign of his belongings. If anything, the doctors might have taken it all with the victim. 
She turned around, wanting to go back to the bicycle, but the police were already there, busy with noting, taking pictures and investigating the place. If only she knew the way to his apartment, she'd make her way there, even if that meant wasting her whole night for it. She wanted to know if he was there, if he was safe, if all was just an unfortunate coincidence. As she took distance from the place, heading back the direction she came from, she felt her body growing weaker with each step, panic starting to settle, causing her heart to race, her hands to tremble and a desperate need of crying and hearing from him. She covered her mouth to muffle a sob she failed holding in, while tears started to roll down her cheeks. 

Tied to the stretcher, alone in the back of the ambulance, with his temple still bleeding under the temporary patch, Ryan dived again into his recurring dream under the unconsciousness. It was always beginning with a blinding light, as if someone turned on a lamp over his closed eyelids, followed by a sudden darkness. So dark that nothing could be distinguished. It all felt like the static sound filling his ears, reached his skin and pinched his entire body as if millions of needles would be thrown at him. The darkness never lead anywhere, but to the boy waking up to his body being bathed in sweat and his breath feeling strangled. However, this time it kept going on and on, while the annoying background noise intensified to such a frequency it would make one scream just to try and cover it. The void turned from pitch black into a tunnel wrapped in psychedelic waves, that kept moving in an impossible to track rhythm, which made it all even more difficult to stand. The boy reached for his head, wanting to shield it from both the noise and the bright lights, but all of a sudden, the ring of light from the beginning occurred once more and instead of seeing the outcome beyond it, woke up to the inside of the ambulance in a striking panic.
Despite the incredible speed the car must have went with just seconds ago, when his eyes opened to the neon light inside, everything was now turning into a downright slow motion, objects around him starting to hang up in the air, as if gravity was no longer a limit. Ryan felt his body starting to lose physical weight and as the entire place lighted up for a brief moment, he departed with a blast of the doors, leaving everything inside warped in, sucked into the center and heavily distorted. Shaken by the sudden event, about which both the doctor and the ambulance driver thought to be nothing more than an earthquake, which even made the lights around turn off for the shortest moment, they pulled the cover that lead to the inside of the ambulance and stared in shock at the aftermath. 
"My God... What happened?" One of them exclaimed, and after they exchanged quick glances, they immediately stopped the car on the side of the road and partly terrified, went to check out the unexplainable. 
The driver made himself a cross and with a hand on his chest backed off.
"Never in my life have I witness such a thing."
"What happened in here..." The doctor checked from a distance, before taking out the phone to ask for assistance. 
But by the time they were out checking the car, Ryan was already orbiting somewhere close to Earth, taking back in all the details he was stripped off for as long as he was among the humans. The dream was no more or less than the memories he lived before being tossed outside a worm hole, collapsing on Earth, with no more damage than the amnesia he woke up from during the car accident.
His natural state, a contained and controlled black hole the size of a human heart, that held together an evershifting colorful matter, resembling the looks of a nebula. He recalled himself wandering through the Universe since the beginning of the time. He never knew where he exactly started from, and never felt or knew of belonging anywhere, but enjoyed greatly visiting various inhabited planets, disguising himself through shapeshifting into intelligent creatures alike the habitants. He used to live among such for a while, learning the ways of each of the civilizations. He stumbled upon Earth before as well, but swore he'd never return, given his last visit happened during the second World War, when death and chaos dominated. However, the accidental worm hole that sent him back, had him meet Hamsika, who showed him that things could evolve otherwise than into chaos. Her image appeared into his thoughts and remembered about the presentation she'd have. Whether he'd pick to stay after or not, should be decided afterwards. He couldn't just let her be, during the hardest moments. 
He dived back into the atmosphere with a loud sound, roaring like a thunder, filling the skies with a bright blue light, fading like an aurora through the night, materializing back inside his apartment, into his human form, glad that he could finally answer himself why he had no childhood memories alike others and other such existential questions he raised himself during the last year he spent between humans. He only had memories, of all kinds, from all times, in which he was always ageless and forever young, among other civilizations, older than the human kind itself.
A trace of pain as intense as a knife stab hit his temple, causing him to frown deeply. He reached for the spot with his fingertips, but the wound seemed to be gone, most probably due to the shapeshifting process, only the ghost pain still lingered. The boy approached the open window and took a look at the sky. He smiled to himself at the thought of the freedom of infinite travel he was stripped off; of the knowledge he gathered through his existence and just how much an unexpected return to Earth had taught him.
He pushed the window closed and sat at the desk, taking a deep breath while glancing at all the books and papers scattered on the flat surface. Hamsika was right. His house really was a mess. He turned around to check it all at the thought of her words, but only rolled his eyes playfully, deciding to leave tidying the place for some other time as he grabbed a book he left open with some notes attached to it. Those were his last observations regarding the possibility of travelling through a worm hole, which he also shared with Hamsika during one of their meets at Tim's. It now made sense to him, how explaining space and seeing it within his mind was so easy. He really saw all those things before, but still, if asked, he'd still have to shrug it away. He learnt that humans, maybe most among other intelligent forms of life, still kept the instinct of being afraid of whatever they didn't know. So, revealing his nature was not a plan. It never was, since he always preferred to blend in with locals, rather than play God. 

When Monday came, the final appearance before the jury turned into Hamsika's second problem, as the first one was being at Tim's, at opening hour. It was the only way she could check on Ryan or perhaps find out any news from his coworkers if anything.
She rushed into the coffee shop, stumbling into the people already gathered there, mostly students with tired faces, due to unslept nights caused by finals. She tried peeking beyond the counter, but saw only Alice and Cole, desperately trying to keep the pace and serve everyone in time. Her heart started to beat faster at the lack of the familiar presence she sought for, and assuming herself a rather rude attitude, made her way to the front under the protests of the rest, catching the attention of the two within seconds.
"Where's Ryan?" She asked urgently, her mind skipping the manners.
"I wish we knew! Look at this!" She pointed her chin at the queue.
"He should be here soon." Cole added, smiling at a client as he handed the drink.
"Did something happen?" Alice approached and whispered, seeing the girl going all pale, panic striking her harder.
"I have reasons to believe it did and couldn't reach him these days since he has no phone and-"
She suddenly stopped at the sound of the back door opening and all three of them looked at the source of noise. Ryan had just walked in, and was now rushing to throw over his shirt the barista apron, approaching the serving area, looking as disheveled as usual. Hamsika measured him from head to feet and was partly shocked and partly pleased to see there was nothing wrong with him. 
"Hey! Morning! Shouldn't you be at school?!" He threw her the brightest smile, and still looking a bit surprised by her presence.
"Later." She cut it short, then grabbed his arm and dragged him outside, to the scandalized looks of everyone, waiting either for help or their orders. 
"Was there something left you want to talk about?" His smile faded, seeing the concern on her face. He had no idea she's been there, seeing his bicycle contorted. "Hamsika?" His hand touched her arm softly.
"Where were you after we parted ways on Saturday?"
"What do you mean?"
"Did you saw the army?"
"Yes, I was on my way home."
She made a pause before pursuing, analyzing him again. 
"Ryan, I saw a bike just like yours turned into a mess in a car accident. I couldn't see the victim and I thought it was you." She let it all out in a short breath, feeling her feet leaving her again at the thought. The boy's eyes searched her worried features, his thoughts and memories twisting wildly at her mention. So, she knew about the accident but only presumed he was implied. But if she asked further about his bike? It was really gone.
"I... " He started, but actually found it extremely difficult to finish it. He couldn't bring himself to fit in a lie, but the truth had no place there either. Not at that time. "I avoided it in the last second."
"Are you hurt?!" She nearly jumped at him, pulling onto his clothes, examining.
"No. No!" Ryan started to laugh, pulling her to the side as everyone from inside the shop was watching the scene. "I'm not hurt! I just let the bike roll without me when I saw the car had no intention on stopping."
"But the ambulance took someone!"
"Obviously not me." He laughed it off, taken by surprise by the avalanche of questions.
"But why did you just leave your bike there then? Police came. You'd have been a witness. Ryan what was in your head?!" She cupped his cheeks and pressed her hands tightly against them. He shrugged away the question, earning himself a roll of her eyes. 
"You should go to school. But first, let me fix you a snack and a drink." He rushed back in, followed closely by her, who surely still had questions ready to roll out her tongue, and got welcomed by scandalized looks from Alice and Cole, whose heads were already lost within work and annoyed clients. 
Hamsika kept her eyes on him while he got the promised pack of goods ready, still expecting to see something off, but nothing came to her attention. She was glad everything was alright, but still, it was one hell of an adventure he had, and most probably was lucky enough to get rid of some extra questioning given the army convoy madness happening in the meanwhile. The police would surely try to minimalize any side effects that the operation may have caused.
She claimed her paper bag and still gave the boy a sharp look before departing with a thank. Time was growing for her as short as his colleague's patience. She wondered if they'd still let him go, since he promised her his second half of the day. Of course, she could've just gone there and wait for his shift to be over, but with only two possible outcomes, she would need to burst into a victory scream or a defeat crying session as soon as she'd be outside the jury room. 
Panic had started to kick her hard in the guts, making her insides twist wildly under the pressure of the final presentation closing in. There would be nothing new, since she knew the teachers and the they knew her by now as well, but there were only seven students left, battling for the scholarship, with places less than a half of their number. She felt like childhood's musical chairs game, only that now it all had a much bigger weight. She truly gave it all to the project and Ryan participated with lots of ideas as well. Perhaps if it wasn't for him, she would've gotten demotivated after her teacher felt like a good idea to turn down her project within the last phases, fact to which she didn't agree in the end. The boy gave her the energy and strength to carry on and believe in her ideas, supporting her as much as he could. She would've appreciated greatly if he understood some more of the math and formulas, because it would've been less than a code to break each time he spoke something. His theories and ideas were sometimes outside everyone's thinking so far, and if it wasn't for eventual calculations to somewhat prove part of them, she would've considered them all just fictional babbling. 
When she finally got called in, her thoughts vanished entirely and for a moment her mind felt so blank, even greeting the teachers seemed a difficult task to do. After she finally brought herself to salute the ones before her, she took a seat as she got asked to. 
"Miss Acharya, I observe from a distance, with intense curiosity, the papers my colleague is holding. You have added quite a substantial volume since last time we met." The teacher that always seemed supportive towards her project started to talk, as the rest were looking through her latest additions. 
"I had to conclude it, at least as much as it was possible at this point of my exploration." She added, with the faintest smile on her lips. She knew everyone realized how nervous were the students, but she still did her best to contain her emotions. Days in row with little sleep and hours of work on various subjects had shaken her emotional stability greatly.
"I am sure we will be all more than delighted at the end."
He returned the smile and it all went into a deafening silence for a while, while each of the teachers read or made notes based on their lecture. The big old clock on the wall behind their table ticked so loud, that in the nearly palpable silence surrounding them, it felt like a torturing drop to Hamsika's ears. All the waiting and impatience for the final outcome after a year of work, seemed to slow down time. She could've sworn, that with the right amount of concentration she could even start seeing it all moving backwards. Perhaps it was the tiredness, playing tricks on her mind, but she would've believed it all possible at that point. 
She felt her lungs inhaling deeply and sharply as she saw the last teacher putting her pen down, and raising her eyes from the papers. 
"I am not sure when you take these notes, miss Acharya, since they've been among your papers before in the same chaotic manner, but they saved your entire work, from a rant inspired from observations here and there and some attempts to actually make them believable." The woman that noted last picked a paper from Hamsika's project, raising it into the air, for everyone's sight. Not in a million years would her order obsession let her write like that alongside the nicely aligned printed text. Only Ryan had this horrible talent of writing down things wherever he got place to. But when he did those notations, she had no idea. Perhaps she mixed the papers again in all the madness going on lately and took in fact some older revisions.
"The eventual existence of the particles you mentioned here is truly an aberration to all our knowledge we got so far, because they could be part of the dark matter we try so hard to understand in so long." 
"If you get a better understanding of the concept or find any suitable evidence of anything alike in the following years, it could revolutionize our understanding regarding not only what could possibly escape a worm hole without damage, but also of the past of our Universe."
"You just got today the brightest green light for your research that one could receive. Congratulations!" The teachers stood up and shook hands with the girl as they handed back the papers. 
"Thank you so much for believing in this. I will do my best!"
She bowed her head gratefully and respectfully towards their decision, as she felt her hand already trembling when she claimed back the papers. She thanked silently few times more before departing entirely from the room, though her mind was a total chaos. She read those texts a thousand times and yet this was something she had no clue of. Dark matter? Other particles? Was there something she missed or they more or less luckily misunderstood? 
Hamsika took a halt as soon as she found a less populated spot, further from the examination class and started to search through her papers for whatever notes have been added without her notice. She couldn't believe such messy papers brought her the scholarship she craved for. One was even stained by coffee or tea. How could she even pick these to deliver instead of the freshly printed ones? 
"You passed by me. Was everything alright?" The familiar voice and a shadow over her papers startled her from the racing thoughts.
"Ryan!"
"What. Happened?!" He grabbed her shoulders and looked her in the eye.
"I passed! But you won't believe-" She got muffled by a sudden hug, her face getting buried into his chest.
"I knew you could do it! I knew it!" She felt him holding her so tight, it threatened her lungs to lose breath entirely. 
"Ryan!" Still muffled, Hamsika struggled to talk and detach herself for some air. She took a moment to breathe in deeply, then gave him a scouting look, throwing him the notes filled paper into the face. "Explain. Now!"
"What?" He casually took the paper and started turning it on all sides to check his writings. She still couldn't believe the teachers had to read them the same way. 
"When did you add these?"
The boy only shrugged at the question. 
"During one of our sessions I suppose? When else?"
"But I missed them! I even took the wrong papers. I could've failed it all if it wasn't for the notes." She reclaimed her paper and stacked it quickly with the rest, stuffing them inside her bag.
"But you didn't." A pleased grin spread on his face. 
"You're not telling me everything, are you?"
"You're delirious. Did you even sleep last night?" He laughed it off and pushed her the slightest with a hand on the back in order to start walking, soon departing from the university building.
"That's not the relevant! Don't change the subject!" She insisted as they reached the sunny outside.
"I don't put dates on each of my notes, Hamsika. You saw with your own eyes what's in my house, don't expect me to remember when I added a note to your papers."
The girl made an exasperated, frustrated sound, punching his shoulder playfully, earning herself one of his heart leaping smiles.
“Trying to understand you, Ryan, is like looking through a telescope. The more I see, the less I understand, but the more I desire to know of it.” She finally concluded, realizing there was no winning on her side in this sort of battle. It was impossible to get something coherent to the end from him. He permanently deviated from the subject, whether it was a serious talk, a babble or some scattered notes.
“Well, maybe the Universe and I are not that different after all.”
"Striking modesty."
He winked with a smile at her reply, and laughed as she rolled her eyes. He got used to the tinniest gestures she made and enjoyed them as greatly each time.
"So, what's next?" His hands went into his pockets, looking at the girl walking on his side, through the campus. 
"I was hoping you to clear that out for me." She glanced up at him and got lost in the deep blue eyes, feeling always like staring into a starless night sky. He puffed with a chuckle.
"Sounds like an invitation."
"Care to join?" She bumped her shoulder into his arm.
"Thought you'd never ask." 



The end

About the Author
Cristiana Voinea is a concept artist, working in the video games industry. She enjoys creating stories for the characters and worlds she designs in her spare time, which brought her into becoming a self published author, “Another Theory of the Universe” being the first published book.






Connect with the Author
For more updates on both, the art and writing, check out the links below:

Smashwords author page:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/blacksmiley 
Artstation:  https://www.artstation.com/blacksmiley 



