
What Others are Saying about Antithesis
"Antithesis is one of the best books I have ever read in my life! It pulls you in, awakens your imagination, and takes you to another world." – Dena Dee Leake, Blue Ridge Hunt,  age 15

"Allison's firsthand knoweledge of horses, horse sports, and foxhunting, in particular, comes out of the pages like hounds flushing quarry from a covert. The descriptions of foxhunting are spot on!" – The Mid-South Horse Review

"I could feel the passion on and off the horse. A great read by a passionate rider." Lila LaVigne Sessums, Rider of the Year, 2006, 2008

"Allison Crews does a marvelous job of capturing the thrill and excitement of a foxhunt. You get a good sense of what its like to  follow a screaming pack of hounds through the swamps and forests of Mississippi." – The Chronicle of the Horse

"Addictive action adventure novels with a soul!" – Luz Huesca, Chula Homa Hunt, Hard Away Whitworth Hunt, age 17

Antithesis
by
Allison Crews

Smashwords Edition
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Smashwords Edition © 2011 by Allison Crews
Discover other titles by Allison Crews at www.allisoncrewsbooks.com
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U. S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Tilda Bogue Publishing
Post Office Box 414
Canton, Mississippi 39046
Visit our website at www.allisoncrewsbooks.com

The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.

Summary: When eighteen-year-old Elliott attends her first foxhunt, she meets the only guy that has ever interested her more than horses and whose past engenders dangerous complications. 
Layout and cover design by a.m. designs – www.amdesigns.biz
Author photograph by Nolen Grogan – www.rockmidgetphotography.com

~ ~ ~ ~ ~
To my mother, Nancy Grogan – 1943 – 2005

Thank you for loving me enough to teach me about priorities and how to make excellent choices
and my husband, Jim, for your inspiration andconstant encouragement.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

A list of characters and foxhunting terms are included at the back of this book.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Listen to counsel and receive instruction, that you may be wise in your latter days. 
– Proverbs 19:20 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Preface

Happily ever after. That’s what happens – boy meets girl. He sweeps her off her feet, and they live together in a blissful wonderland for the rest of their lives. 
So, why is it that at age eighteen I’d still rather ride off into the sunset on my horse? 
Happy family, happy life – I’m even the object of attention to lots of nice, and maybe, not so nice guys who would actually like to go on more than three dates. Why didn't they hold my interest? 
Nothing to it, something will come along. Lightning bolt and it will all be over. Or will it? How hard can this be if everybody does it? My parents make it look so simple, so what’s the big deal? Pick a good guy from a good family some day, and just be satisfied. 
Why did I want something more? What was wrong with me? 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 1 - The Neighbor

Grazing peacefully, they drift like sailboats in the pasture – all grace and beauty as their tails swish and legs stomp. They are thankfully of this world but timeless and constant. We have little to give them, they want for nothing, but such joy, as I have never experienced, I find in giving them all I can… 

Rhythmically pounding hoof beats made staccato imprints on the perfectly turned surface. Mesmerized by their sound, security, solidity, I fell into the cadence of circling, circling, circling, loosening Viva’s muscles while sending my mind on its own path. 
Mountains of homework and chores pressed on my consciousness. They had piled up for weeks while my trainer schooled Viva and me to perfection, or to what was perfection in her mind. 
“Keep your focus, Elliott. Viva’s shouldering in more than I like to see on those turns,” Robin said. 
“Yes, ma’am,” I replied, gladly pushing back images of laundry and homework that awaited me at home. 
Robin Simmons stood in the middle of the arena watching our every move. She was small, but packed power, authority, and energy into everything she did. She wore faded jeans and a t-shirt. A short blonde ponytail exploded from her baseball cap emblazoned with the slogan “Boss Mare.” Like anyone would ever doubt that when they encountered her. 
Her paddock boots were well worn, and she had half-chaps strapped to her lower legs. She was ready to pounce at all times on errant ponies, horses, or students, for that matter – whatever the situation warranted. Right now her laser focus was on us, and I was having difficulty returning the favor. The circles were lulling my mind to other areas. 
Our house was immaculate everywhere, except in my room and with regard to my household responsibilities. Mother loved to remind me that the housekeeper worked for her, not us. So, my sisters and I had spent plenty of time “learning responsibility” by having assigned household duties. 
“You’ll thank me some day, girls,” she would say. “When you’re off at college, life won’t seem so daunting when you know how to keep your room in order.” 
“Focus!” Robin said a little more aggressively this time, making sure she had my attention. This time, though, Viva corrected herself; I think her mind was wandering as well. 
I was thankful for the endless hours of practice practice practice. I could still be slaving away at my piano. Not that I minded, but that never was my gift. Eventually, my grandmother relented and allowed me the choice of riding lessons or piano, and I had never looked back. 
“Much better, Elliott,” Robin crooned. I felt Viva move into her lovely prance just to remind us both what a magnificent mare she is, when she wants to be. Her movements were so graceful, so unlike my own, that I relished riding her. 
Like a feline predator, Viva floated around the indoor arena. I knew most people thought her talent was wasted on me, for I was more the run-and-jump rider than one who appreciated the finer points of balance and symmetry. More than one person had offered Daddy a lot of money for her as a dressage mount, but I was glad he refused. She was my life…and we were getting in trouble again. 
“Elliott, if you would just think about what you’re doing, you’d constantly be in the ribbons,” Robin snapped as my daydreams conflicted with the gymnastics she had set up for us to jump. My lack of concentration had transmitted to Viva and we bumped a pole – or was it the other way around? 
Horses and riders are a special combination, but all were certainly not equal. Viva was like no other horse to me. She and I could read each other’s thoughts. And lately I had been sensing that she, like I, was bored. 
Bored. 
That is one word that had always been forbidden in my house. If the word ever left anyone’s lips, they were banished to such a mountain of chores that they would be lucky to see daylight for a week. 
“Bored people are stupid people, and stupid you are not!” my grandmother, or Grand as we called her, loved to say. She had a way of making all of us feel like we were her favorites. Although she had been dead for years, her voice spoke to me all the time. She was the sound of my upbringing, my conscience, guidance, love, and security all balled up into one wonderful sound. At times, though, her remarks were not so wonderful. She had a way of cutting in at the most inopportune moments…. 
I felt Viva lift her left rear leg ever so slightly as she prepared for the canter, the next round of our jumping exercises. My legs gently closed on her sides, the equivalent of letting her know I was there – that is all – and we floated flawlessly over a series of tricky exercises. 
“Perfect! Elliott, you and Viva sometimes amaze me,” Robin said as she bounced her approval of our performance. “Saturday will be your day if you keep this up!” 
We turned to the gate, my mind already regretting the lesson’s close. I could feel the mismatched socks and unwritten essays coming back into my consciousness. 
“Good ride today, Elliott,” Ashley Woods said. 
“Thanks. I didn’t know you were here,” I added warily, wondering why she was being nice to me today. 
“I feel better. Maybe what I had was just a cold. Anyway, you’ll be riding Saturday, then?” she asked. 
“Yes. It looks like Viva’s ready,” I said noticing a little something spark in Ashley’s eyes. 
My girlfriends at the barn were pricklier than those at school. They were always competitive with everything, not just their horses, but their boots, their breeches, even their trailers. The whole world of competition was just that to them – their whole world. They were friendly to me at first, but as soon as we started winning, I began to see something else. 
As much as I loved the barn, I felt alien to these girls. I longed for a riding “friend”, but was content for now with Viva. Daddy would have nothing but the best for his girls, so Viva and I were in the best barn, trained by the best trainers, and had the best location to ride in the South. With those pleasantries, however, came a lot of baggage. 
“Oh, Elliott,” I heard Ashley call. 
“Yes, Ashley?” 
“Let me know if you want to trailer with us this weekend,” she said. Now I was really curious. What in the world could have brought on Ashley’s sudden interest in me? 
I dismounted Viva, pushed her stirrups up onto the saddle, and led her down the cobblestone aisle to her stall. Fresh soft shavings were piled high, and it had recently been cleaned. Holding her reins beneath her chin with my right hand, I gathered the remainder in my left. From her left side, I led her into the stall, turned slightly to the right, then circled counter-clockwise – our little dance ritual to end the day. 
She leaned her head down for me to remove the bridle. I slipped the leather over her ears and paused as she released the snaffle bit from her mouth. I guided the leather halter over her ears and snapped her to the stall tie so she’d remain in place while I worked on her saddle. 
Once I hung the bridle on the polished wooden knob outside her stall, I raised the saddle rack so it would be ready to accept my saddle. I removed the leather girth on my side, then on the opposite side, separating it from the saddle’s padding. I laid it across the top of the saddle and slipped the whole ensemble over Viva’s withers and onto the rack. 
Carefully removing the pad from the saddle, I placed it, dirty side up, onto the saddle and laid the girth back on top. Viva’s brushes were in the wooden tack trunk outside her stall, so I picked a soft one and brushed her. She wasn’t hot, so there was no need to hose her down this afternoon. I unsnapped her halter, removed it, and hung it with her bridle. 
For a minute, I sat at her feet listening to her crunch her hay and drank in its marvelous odor. Putting a piece in my own mouth, I stood to leave. 
“Bye girl,” I said stroking her soft neck and rubbing my hands gently over her ears. 
She kept eating and breathed a huge sigh of contentment. Something about that sound was immensely satisfying. I removed my half-chaps and placed them with my grooming equipment in the trunk. I then gathered my saddle, bridle, and halter and took them to the tack room dropping my saddle pads in the washroom on the way. Wish I had laundry service at my house. 
With Viva untacked and settled into her stall, I headed home – back to the piles of responsibility that pulled on me in the lesson. As I rounded the curve, I noticed the driveway was blocked with moving vans. It looked like we had neighbors at last. 
“Is that you, Elliott?” Mother asked. 
I laughed in spite of myself. 
“Yes ma’am,” I said. With my sisters in college and Daddy working long hours to pay for it, I wondered who she could possibly be expecting to barge in our never locked home and sling things all over the kitchen. Habits for her, I suppose, are hard to break. 
“Be sure to finish the clothes today, Elliott. We have neighbors now, and you never know when they’ll appear. I would hate for their first impression to be that pile of laundry!” 
Mother, our rock, was always home and somehow coordinated all the chaos. Although with my sisters gone, schedules were much less hectic, and all I really did was travel to and from the barn. 
“Who moved in?” I asked. 
“The Allens,” she said. “A girl in seventh grade and a senior boy. Mr. Allen will be working at Briggs and Pooley, and I’m not sure if his wife works or not. I think they’ll be at Highland Hills.” 
A boy, hmmm. Wonder what he looks like. I bet he’s cute and that’s why Ashley’s being nice – to get introduced. Makes sense now. She’ll want the scoop on him since she’s stuck at St. Martha’s, the all-girls’ school. 
Mom always had the details. Her family having lived here for generations and an active Sunday school class contributed heavily to this, but her intelligence was even more accurate now with Facebook – the Southern stay-at-home socialite’s dream come true. She is the quintessential Southern mother – and the benefits of the Internet age were certainly not lost on her. She kept me up to speed with what didn’t hit me between classes or at the barn. 
“Would you like to take them a pound cake?” Mother asked. She always had a ready supply of homemade cakes in the freezer for such occasions. 
Tempting, certainly, but the image of a cute new guy appearing here and catching me at the laundry shift kept me focused on the task on hand. 
“Maybe later, but that’s a good idea. Why don’t you come with me so it won’t look so obvious,” I suggested. 
My cell phone buzzed in my pocket – Ashley. Solution confirmed. 
“Hi, Ashley. Yes, I did see the van next door. No, I haven’t met them, but I plan to later this afternoon,” I said. “You’ll be the first to know,” I promised her. 
Amazing what a new person does to a community. And our town really isn’t that small – but oh so small is the circle. Everyone in this neighborhood works at certain places, shops at certain places, sends their kids to certain schools, and even goes to certain churches. Simple, yet complicated rules governed all this and to be subjected to these made me hope that the neighbors were not from too far away – for their sake. Money made little difference in the mix. In this part of the South, heritage and manners trumped money every time – I’m becoming my mother. 
I distributed the laundry in a flash, grabbed the cake, and with my oh-so-proper Mother in tow, walked next door. 
“Elliott, you could’ve at least brushed your hair and put on some sandals,” Mother sighed. 
Of course I still had hat-hair and had forgotten to replace my paddock boots with something “cute” on my feet. At least I had on reasonably clean jeans and not riding pants. Too late now. 
Chaos emanated from the neighbors’ yard. Movers and boxes cluttered the lawn and driveway. The Allen’s and their belongings were a welcome, crazy, semi-organized assault on the property formerly owned by a retired couple. A blond girl flew around the driveway on her skateboard and three large, hairy dogs attempted keep up the chase. At least we’d have some action next door for a change. 
“Hello – Carolyn? It’s Lisa…Lisa Marks, from next door,” my mother announced as we knocked on the doorframe and stepped over the threshold. The dogs barely gave us a second look. They were much more interested in chasing their girl. 
“Hi! Come on in – don’t mind the mess!” Mrs. Allen welcomed us into her fold. “Ben, just set that down on the countertop – but don’t scratch the soapstone – careful!” 
From behind the boxes I saw why Ashley was being nice. She must have found his picture on Facebook. Well, I’m sure it did little justice to his charismatic and a little bit shy grin. That could get under a girl’s skin. 
“Carolyn, I hope we’re not disturbing you, but I wanted to at least say ‘Hi’ and make ourselves available for anything you might need,” Mother said. “This is my daughter, Elliott.” 
“Nice to meet you, Elliott. This is my son, Ben,” Carolyn said. “And please Elliott, call me Mrs. Carolyn. We will be neighbors after all.” 
I extended my hand for Ben’s greeting and his solid, but gentle handshake was overshadowed by that gaze. He was going to start some fights among the girls I could tell already. 
“Elliott, I’m glad you came over. It’ll help to see a familiar face tomorrow,” he said. “This is my first time to be at a new school, well, since first grade. I’m afraid I’m out of practice.” 
“No problem, Ben. I will be happy to show you around,” I said. And show you off. Ashley may not be so happy about this, though. 
“We won’t keep you, but please let us know if you need anything. Right now, I’m sure you need some space,” Mother said, moving to the door. “And here’s a pound cake for a snack. Please come over when you get settled. James and I would be glad to make dinner for all of you.” 
“Thank you for coming,” Carolyn said. 
“See you tomorrow,” Ben said as they led us out the door. 
We walked back to our driveway dodging the skateboard and ebullient dogs. Just before we were out of earshot my mother was already turning on the questions. 
“Well?” she asked with a lilt in her voice. I knew that tone so well. Since my sisters had abandoned her for higher education, she focused all the well-intended, but soap opera questioning and drama on every possible relationship that could surface around me. She liked information in real time. My sisters’ was at least hours old by the time they chatted online every evening. I knew she meant well, but I was tired and still had piles of homework. 
“At least he speaks in complete sentences,” I said with a blank expression on my face, just to get a rise out of Mother. 
“Come on, Elliott, he must have been cute to you. I’m old but certainly not blind,” she said, punching me playfully in the ribs. 
“Yes, he’s very cute, Mother, but cute only goes so far,” I said trying very hard not to sound patronizing. 
“Keep me posted,” Mother said sensing she’d crossed the boundaries of my chattiness today. 
Upstairs in my loft, I closed the door to my room, nestled into homework position, and, despite Ben’s charm, thought about…Viva. 
We did have a great ride today. I wish I could ride her all the time. She feels my moods, I sense hers, and our rides are effortless and uncomplicated – relaxing. I hope Daddy finds a way to send her to college with me. I’ll make sure to get some scholarships to help pay for school. We wouldn’t have to have a fancy place like now, just a pasture, and a lake…. 
Saturday – our first real show. Everyone at the barn’s so nervous, but I’m not. And I don’t know why. It just feels so natural riding her, and that makes no sense to Robin. She says it should’ve taken me years to find my seat. I think its Viva. Everything comes so naturally when I ride her. The other girls aren’t so sure and aren’t so happy about it either. Why is that? 
I will trailer with Ashley. Why not? At least we’ll have something to talk about besides horses. I’m sure she’ll be all ears about Ben. And all I want to know about is horses. I wonder why that bothers her. She’s been around them her whole life, but this is all so new and fascinating to me. 
I glanced at the clock, wrapped up my homework, and settled down to sleep. Ben really had a nice smile…I hope Viva and I jump clean Saturday…and I drifted off to sleep. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 2 - Highland Hills

It fills me as soon as I step out of my car, soothing my soul. Shavings, fly spray, clean leather, warm, green pastures, saddle soap, dogs…the smells of my sanctuary…the barn. 

Ben met me at the entrance of the school. 
“Hello again, Elliott,” he said as he stepped away from a group of guys. I felt the eyes of my girlfriends on us and could not help but enjoy their suspense. Every Southern girl is born knowing how to subtly attract and be the center of attention – and enjoy it. When it happens by surprise, all the better. 
“Hey Ben,” I said. “I’m glad you made it to the school. Mother was sure that we needed to collect you, but I assured her that you could drive yourself.” 
“Shall we?” he asked, opening the door and letting me through the school corridors. Nice…complete sentences yesterday, manners today. 
I led him to the office to get him settled with his student escort for his first day of school. When I was sure he was in good hands, I left for physics. 
Shannon Kraft assaulted me outside the door. 
“Who was that?” she asked, amazement and admiration in her voice that was not lost on me. 
Her mother must not have been as astute on the social hotline. “My new neighbor,” I said turning my shoulder to her and staring forward to end the conversation as Mr. Glasgow started his lecture. 
“Details!” she hissed. 
I smiled in spite of myself. This was going to be fun. 
Three notes assailed me. Even in the information age, paper and pen were still king. 
“You’ve got to be kidding – that new guy is your neighbor?” Shannon wrote. 
“Gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous! Do, tell!” Leslie’s note said. 
“How does he already know you? Why didn’t you call me back last night?” Elaine’s note said. 
As soon as the bell rang, they were on me in the hallway. “Just my new neighbor, his name is Ben, he has a little sister in seventh grade, I think he’s a senior, but I really don’t know, yes he is cute, no, I don’t know where his daddy works, oh yea, at some law firm downtown,” I gasped as Shannon, Leslie, and Elaine pummeled me for more. 
All the same questions – round and round. But at least the ride was more interesting today. 
“That’s really all I know, ya’ll,” I said, as I ducked into Spanish. 
Mercifully, my friends were not in this class with me, so I could let my mind wander where it may. In Spanish, we were learning about bullfighting, and my thoughts turned to Viva…much more interesting than Ben, my horse and her mysteries. There was something, maybe butterflies, settling in the pit of my stomach. Yes, that was them – butterflies. The show – tomorrow. So much to do to get ready. I hope Viva is ready. I know I am, but what will it be like with a real audience? Will she be nervous? Will I be able to get her to focus? 
Lunch came quickly, and I took my place with the girls. Their mindless prattle about weekend plans was usually comforting, but today they would not leave me with my show thoughts. 
“Come on, Elliott, as least give us something,” Leslie said. “Do you like him? 
“Give you something?” I asked, oh yeah – the Ben thing. Girl minds never cease…when it comes to new flesh. “Well, he lives next door, and that is really all I know, and, I don’t know, of course I like him, but not like that, I just met him yesterday!” 
“Pitiful!” Elaine gasped. “You have an Adonis move in and don’t even notice. I bet you are still going to the barn this afternoon, too, aren’t you? How are we ever going to get to meet this guy?” 
Leslie saw him before the rest of us and kicked Elaine under the table. 
“Elliott,” Ben smiled down at us. “Do you mind if I sit with you?” 
“No, of course,” I stammered, as I made room between Leslie and me. Where were my manners? Mother would certainly not have approved of me leaving Ben on his own to search for company in the lunchroom. 
“Ben Allen, these are my friends, Leslie White, Shannon Kraft, and Elaine Melton. We are all seniors, and Leslie has a brother in seventh grade,” I said, trying to recover my manners by attempting to initiate conversation. 
“Me, too, Leslie,” Ben said. “I mean, I have a seventh grade sister.” 
Leslie beamed at him for singling her out. She was being so obvious, batting her big brown eyes, not subtle at all. We’ll have to talk later. She’s practically embarrassing herself. 
“Where are you from?” Elaine asked, her black eyes darting with mischief. 
“The Coast,” Ben said. “Lived there all my life.” 
For a moment there was a little pause – after all – most guys are not at ease sitting among four new girls that were not talking, but Ben was an exception and recovered quickly. 
“So, what do you do for fun in Canton?” he asked. Leslie and Elaine recovered the fastest and immediately jumped at the chance. 
“Tomorrow we’re all going to the river water skiing. My daddy has a boat, and you’re welcome to come with us,” Elaine said, a glint of triumph in her eyes. It was not like she was crossing the line and asking him out – taboo of course, but she did get in her first lick – innocently hospitable. 
“We may even cook out on a sand bar tomorrow afternoon,” Leslie said. “It depends on what everyone wants to do.” 
“I know Jack, Ray, and Sonny are coming, so we’ll definitely have a fun crowd,” Shannon added. “Bill will probably bring his boat. He just bought a Ski Nautique. He’s more proud of that than his car. You should see it! It is bright blue and fabulous!” 
“Last time, they brought two pair of jumper skis, and we made a pyramid,” Shannon said. “That was so much fun! You should have seen everyone watch us as we zoomed the river. And it didn’t even hurt to fall!” 
“Ben, do you ski?” Elaine asked. 
“I do,” Ben said. 
“Of course, you’re from the coast,” she said, blushing. 
“Yes, I think most of us are born with flippers,” he smiled, and she melted, all embarrassment gone. 
He does have a way of making everyone around him feel at ease in spite of his almost too-good looks. Interesting. I blinked when I realized that he had just caught me looking at him. 

“So, Elliott, do you want to ride together?” he asked. “You’re not exactly out of the way for me.” 
“Oh, no, thanks.” I said. 
His eyes narrowed, and he looked affronted, for a moment. Leslie, Shannon, and Elaine were elated. They would have him all to themselves and did not hide their smug expressions. At least, not from me. 
“I’m going to be in a horse show tomorrow,” I explained, but I was not prepared for his reaction. 
“A horse show? Are you riding? I didn’t know anyone rode here. Do you think I could come watch?” he asked. 
That was the most animated I had seen him since we met, and it surprised me. Horse shows typically interested girls, not guys that looked, well, like Ben. 
“Sure,” I said, the surprise obvious in my voice. Smug looks gone from my friends’ expressions – now they were mad. Oh well. 
“I rode on the Coast, but I never showed,” he explained. 
Visions of him in a cowboy hat and boots made some sense, but not near the beach. 
“We played polo, and fox hunted in the off season.” 
The vision moved from cute cowboy to Ralph Lauren to Prince William. Hmm…this is interesting. 

The table around me fell silent again, in admiration. Their visions had obviously run along with mine. But silent it was. The girls did not approve. Back in the bulls eye of his attention. 
“So, what time are you showing?” he asked. 
Thankfully, the bell rang, and I escaped the mental missiles Leslie, Shannon, and Elaine flung my way. We took our trays to the counter and walked towards our next classes. 
“What class do you have next?” I asked. 
“Economics,” he said. 
“Good, me, too. You can walk with me,” I said, manners mishap recovered. 
“So, where do you ride?” he asked. 
“River Run Farm,” I said. “It is quite a place, breathtaking, in fact. It was built only a few years ago, and it is just gorgeous.” 
“I’d like to see it,” he said, and we turned into the doorway. We were nearly late, so the whole room stared as we found our seats. Nothing like walking in with the new guy. Big news. All eyes on us…already. 
After class, Leslie met us in the hallway, or rather, accosted us. Ben seemed to be taking all the attention in stride. Elaine was not far behind. 
“So, how did you like Mr. Jones?” Elaine asked. 
“Not much to like or dislike, yet, really,” Ben said. “What is he like?” 
“Oh, he’s really easy as long as you do your homework,” she said, looking up at him and batting her eyes. “I took the class last year and would be glad to help you any time…that is…if you need it,” she blushed, realizing she may have looked a little too eager. 
“I’ll keep that in mind, thank you,” Ben said, smiling at her and easing all her concern. 
The rest of the day went mostly the same. People coming up to him, introducing themselves, and me doing what I could to introduce, intercede, and assist him with remembering all the names as best as I could. I tried to give a little background on each to help him remember. I did not envy him the task. We had all been together for so long and knowing everyone was as natural to me as breathing. He was trying hard to remember everyone and something about them and that, to me, was impressive. 
After school, he met me on the sidewalk near the parking lot. 
“Elliott, you’ll have to let me thank you for this properly sometime,” he said. “I don’t know what I would have done on my first day without your help.” 
“Just being a good neighbor, Ben, no problem,” I said casually. “You would do the same for me.” 
“I really would like to come to the show. Would you mind?” he said. 
Oh my, Ashley is going to die! “No, not at all, Ben. That would be great. We start early and have classes all day,” I said. “So any time would be fine. It will be at the Multipurpose Building near the highway – really easy to find.” 
“I have to do some things that morning, but I’ll come after lunch, say, around 1:30 or so. How does that sound?” he asked. 
“I’ll see you then,” I said. 
As I walked to my car, I turned to look back at Ben, now surrounded by my friends and several others. He would be fine. My thoughts, now fully turning to the show, had suddenly made me feel weak. 
I drove to the barn listening to the Blues hoping to calm my thoughts. As I approached the black fences and the lovely stone barn, I relaxed. The horses were drifting around in their paddocks, new winter coats just peeking through their retiring summer shades. I rolled the windows down and let the November air fill my truck and my senses. Cool weather was coming at last – a welcome break to Mississippi’s sticky heat. 
Ashley met me at the door, hands on her hips. 
“I knew it. You would be here rather than getting the scoop on Ben for me,” she snapped. 
“Hold on, Ashley,” I said, trying to hide my grin. “You just come with me, and I may have all the information you need.” 
“What information?” she asked, softening somewhat. 
“Well, it comes with a price,” I grinned. “Tack up my horse, and I’ll see if I can remember all that I learned today about, what’s his name…you know…my neighbor.” 
“Ben! And no, I’m not tacking up your horse,” she stomped. “I’m certainly not desperate for guys, and I will not be your barn slave!” 
“Fine then,” I said. “He rides.” 
“What?” she asked, astonished. I had her now. 
“I want to use the string girth today so I don’t have to clean my leather one, again,” I said. 
“Not a chance.” She walked away, but she did not go far. 
“Does not act like he has a girlfriend, either,” I added. 
“Now how would you possibly know that yet?” She spun around and glared at me. 
“Oh, I don’t know.” I said. “I just spent the whole day with him, but you probably don’t really want to know all that he said.” 
“Fine. I’ll tack up your horse.” She managed to glare and smile at me at the same time. 
“Bring her in the arena when you’re finished,” I said. “I’ll be waiting.” 
~~~
Robin was already in full swing with the other students, so she didn’t notice me slip in the arena, unmounted. I sat on the rails and watched as she barked her orders to the other students in preparation for tomorrow’s show. 
“Where’s your horse? Is everything ok?” she asked never taking her eyes of Moon Pie, a precocious pony with a fourth grader strapped to her back. 
“Ashley is bringing her in for me,” I said, trying not to gloat. 
“I don’t even want to know,” she smiled. “Just get warmed up, and I’ll work with you when I finish with Lily.” 
“Heels down, Lily, now watch your diagonals!” she snapped. “Sit one more beat and you’ll be on the left one – that’s it!” 
Lily squealed with delight and Moon Pie took it all in stride. What a perfect little round pony. I loved watching them – Lily’s enthusiasm was infectious, and Moon Pie’s polite patience made him perfect for his job. 
My lovely mount arrived with her new groom, and I filled Ashley in on Ben details. She was all ears and could not believe he was coming to the show tomorrow. That probably just blew any chance of her having a good lesson this afternoon, but she was so good, I’m sure she’d overcome tomorrow. I eased Viva into her warm-up circles and smiled, so glad to be back where I belonged. 
“Ready for you, Elliott,” Robin said. “Bring her over here and let’s work through the exercises.” 
Back where it belonged, my mind focused on Viva, the jumps, what we were going to likely see in the course, and all the minute details of balance that ensured the best chances of us riding clean rounds. 
Robin was overjoyed at our performance, and I was glad to be concentrating on tomorrow’s challenge. Thoughts of chores, homework, boys, and college banished by the tyranny of the urgent – this moment – our last chance to prepare for the show. 
Everything was ready for tomorrow, but I was not ready to leave Viva. Shadows stretched across the fields beckoning one last ride. I leapt upon her warm, smooth back and rode her bareback to her paddock. When we reached the gate, she paused as I reached for the latch, opened it, and closed it behind us. She dropped her head to graze, and I leaned down to drink in her clean warmth. 
All my nervousness about the next day vanished as I listened to her rhythmic crunch, stomp, chomp while she plucked the grass with her teeth sending its aromatic green smell into the evening’s damp air. The early fall cicadas shimmered their evening serenade in the surrounding trees. I could stay here like this forever and care less whether a cute guy moved in next door and was showing more than a little interest…in me. How would that sit with Ashley? 
No worries – I’m sure Ashley will have him if she wants him. Why don’t I care? Why would I rather be here with Viva? What’s wrong with me? 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 3 - The Show

Round and round, muscles rippling, heads lowered, necks stretching long and low suppling, flexing, amazing athletes preparing for excellence under the careful watch of trainers and their riders. So much excitement, today is the day. 

Heaven. 
Shiny coats gleaming, heady smells of Show Sheen, fly spray, hoof polish, and shavings, so much activity – so much anticipation. 
Ashley had interrogated me all the way to the show grounds about Ben. She was more excited about his impending arrival than her riding classes. I guess that is normal for most girls. 
Viva felt great this morning. Her strides lengthened and shortened with the slightest shifts in my weight, and Robin, so far, seem pleased. 
“Try those cross rails on the north side of the arena, then get ready for your first class. You look great, Elliott, both of you,” she smiled. 
Alone, at last, with my thoughts. We had already walked the course and knew it like the backs of our hands. The jumper course was power and speed – clean round first, then a fast one – our favorites. 
This was our first real show, so I was pleasantly surprised that Viva was nonplussed with the extra activity. Most everyone had concentrated looks on their faces, and the tension was tangible. Out of the corner of my eye, a bright Chestnut with a wide blaze approached at a trot. Oh no, Ashley’s back. 
“When did you say he’s coming?” Ashley said. 
“After lunch,” I said. 
“Be sure you find me when he gets here!” she said, and off she went. 
Good luck to you, too. I knew she was nervous, but all the same, I wish she’d relax and enjoy this. After all, showing was supposed to be fun. 
Our turn. In the arena I concentrated on my entrance circle and Viva felt perfect. 
“Our next rider is Elliott Marks on Viva la Danza,” the announcer said in his smooth, nonchalant voice. 
Focusing, cantering, circles – the sound was far, far, away – no noise from the spectators – silence. So quiet…except for the pattering pattering hoofbeats circling circling circling – somewhere a baby cried – far far away – on to the first jump – over and around and we were floating and flying. I felt Viva rise and fall, gather and lengthen, lift and lower her body up and around all clean. 
Then right into the speed – go Viva! – she exploded beneath me. Nothing but the moment mattered, just her and me and the jumps beneath us as if we were only cantering in place. Up and over and around and down turning here, spinning there for a better time, twisting and up, reaching and landing and to that jump…now the final one… up and over…and away…we had produced a perfect flying round all clean. 
The crowd gasped collectively as Viva ended the sequence with a flip of her glittering black and white tail. 
I wanted to shout for joy, but I settled for a big rub along her pale gray neck and a wide grin for my parents as we cantered to the exit. What fun that was! What a perfect horse! We actually have a chance at the ribbons! 
Ashley was next and not too happy about our clean fast round. She and Bonfire beat our time, but my elation never abated. After all, she has been doing this her whole life and this was our first. Our FIRST! And a clean round. Unbelievable! 
Mother met me at the gate, and Daddy was beaming. He never showed that kind of emotion. 
“Elliott, I can’t believe you can do that! You were flying!” he said in admiration. 
His praise was genuine, for he never understood my fascination for animals. I am just glad he thought it a worthy pastime for me. The least I could do was to be good at it. 
“Thanks, Daddy,” I said, grinning down at him. A girl can never get enough praise from her Daddy. 
“You were so lovely, Elliott,” Mother gushed. “Carolyn said Ben was coming. Is he here yet?” 
“After lunch.” 
“Oh, well, we have some errands to run and will be back for your afternoon class, say, around 1:30?” Mother said. 
“That sounds fine. I am sure we will not ride again until then,” I said. 
“Need anything honey?” Daddy asked as he made way for Viva’s animated feet. 
“No, thanks. Love ya’ll – see you this afternoon,” I said. 
We placed third behind a girl from another barn and Ashley. She had a perfect round, as usual. 
The weather was glorious – blue bird November sky – so we took the horses back to their stalls and mingled. Ashley introduced me to those she knew from other barns, and I couldn’t get enough of looking at the other horses, their riders, what they were wearing, what bits they used – it was all so new and fascinating. 
“Ashley, who are all these people?” I asked. “Where do they come from?” 
“Mostly Louisiana, south Mississippi, and some from Tennessee,” she said. “This is a really small show, so you don’t see any big name riders, really. Robin thought this would be a good introduction for you and practice for Bonfire and me. And by the way, you did great.” 
“Thanks.” I meant it, too. I knew how hard it was for her to be complimentary. 
“So, let’s see if Ben’s here yet. I’m sure he’d like to meet some more people in this town,” I said. Although I could not stop thinking about horses, Ashley’s thoughts were definitely on other pursuits. 
We walked back to the stands and sat where we could survey the crowd. People shuffled around with tiny dogs on leashes, and a few wandered off unattended. Mamas tended their stroller babies while young siblings dashed around looking for mischief. 
“Those should be the ones on leashes,” I said to Ashley. 
When she didn’t answer, I looked up and saw Ben approaching. My, he really is a good-looking guy – in an all-American kind of way. Just look at that smile. 
“Ben!” I called, moving down the bleachers. “I’m really glad you could come. Meet my friend Ashley Woods. Ashley, this is Ben Allen.” 
“So nice to meet you, Ben. Elliot said you ride?” she said as she pointed her big saucer sized blue eyes up at him beneath her thick, black lashes. 
He didn’t have a chance. Ashley has this one in her clutches, and no red-blooded guy could resist her. And, interestingly enough, I didn’t mind. I wonder why. 
“Um, yes,” Ben said, momentarily distracted by that look I was sure. 
“Well, where?” Ashley asked. 
“Oh, yes…well, I’m from the Coast, and we played a little polo every now and then,” he said. 
I felt Ashley swoon. Oh dear. 
“Polo? How cool. What kind of horses did you have?” she asked. 
“They were actually my friend’s horses. I was really lucky in that. He let me ride all I wanted,” he said. 
I could see he missed it, too. And so could Ashley. 
“You’ll have to come ride with us sometime,” Ashley insisted. 
Ben looked at me and grinned…a little too eagerly to suit. 
“I’m not sure I’m worthy to ride your mounts,” he said. “I’m sure they would not appreciate hauling around a mere polo player.” 
His eyes sparkled, and Ashley gasped. 
“Oh Ben, we have plenty of rental horses at the barn. No excuses,” Ashley said. “I’ll have one ready for you tomorrow afternoon. How does 2:00 sound?” 
No way he could resist that. She was pushing the line, but oh, so properly – the perfect welcoming facilitator. 
“Fine. Elliott?” he said and looked at me for affirmation. 
“I wouldn’t miss it,” I grinned. 
Ashley cut me with her eyes, but what else would I rather do than spend the afternoon with Viva? I’d stay out of her way. 
“Ben! Ben Allen?” a tall, college-aged boy said. 
“Christopher! How are you?” Ben clasped his outstretched arm and they shook like old friends. 
“What in the world are you doing in Canton?” Christopher asked. 
“I live here now. Christopher, meet my new neighbor Elliott Marks and her friend Ashley…” 
“Woods,” I saved him the embarrassment. Ashley steamed but never faltered with her weapons. If Ben was not charmed…yet… Christopher certainly was. 
“And this is Christopher James,” Ben said. “He’s one of my polo friends from the Coast. 
“Nice to meet you both,” Christopher said, his eyes lingering on Ashley a little longer than on me. “I’m here watching my niece ride. I’m at school at Millsaps. Have you found anywhere to ride yet, Ben?” 
“No, but I’m not sure I’ll have the time,” Ben said. 
“I hope to foxhunt some this year since I hear there’s a hunt near Canton. Did you know that?” Christopher said. 
“No, I didn’t. That could be fun,” Ben said, “depending on their group, of course. Do you know anyone who rides with them?” 
“Not yet, but I figured this was as good a place as any to find someone who knows someone,” Christopher said, looking pointedly at Ashley. 
“Well, I don’t know any foxhunters, really,” she said. “But Robin may know who to call. They send her invitations from time to time.” 
“Would you ask her, Ashley? I would really like to hunt again,” Ben said. 
It was her turn to be dazzled. 
“Well, I…sure,” she said. “Let’s find her now.” 
“I’m going to check on Viva,” I said. I was trying this time to help Ashley. Why? Who knows? 
Ashley smiled her approval. 
“We’ll just be a minute, let’s all go,” Ben said. 
Her smile vanished. 
Robin knows everyone, so in no time, Ben, Ashley, Christopher, and I had promises that we would have something called “fixtures in hand” by the end of the day. 
“That’s unusual,” Christopher said. “I can’t believe they’re so open to visitors.” 
“Robin has connections,” Ashley said. “And you both better be good riders or else! She went out on a limb for us on this one. She said she’s a member, so she can take us. She just hardly has time to go with all her show activities.” 
More like Ashley has connections. Robin would do anything for her star student. And I’m sure the show schedule would be clear for us to go if Ashley put her mind to it. 
Now my head was spinning – Foxhunting? What in the world have we signed up for now? And what is a fixture in hand? I hated to seem so ignorant, so I kept my mouth shut. After all, the horsey set was altogether new to me. And is this a double date? It can’t be too much pressure with Robin along – maybe there will be some others, so we can hide in a group. 
Seeing Mother and Daddy reminded me I had a class in the notso-distant future, so I left the conspiracy to prepare Viva. 
Foxhunting. Did that not mean we were going to kill something? Well, what do you wear for that? Now I’m really sounding like a teenager. What to wear for the kill? I’m getting nervous and delirious at the same time – focus. Two cute guys taking us foxhunting, and I’m worried about what to wear for the kill. Grand would be scandalized. It’s bad enough that I ride. Whatever would she think if I went hunting? 
I took the image of her pursed lips into the arena and rode another clean, perfect round. 
Robin was as good as gold on the fixture cards, or invitations, as I discovered they were in common English. 
“Girls, we’re going Saturday!” Robin said. 
My heart stopped. 
“This coming Saturday?” I asked. Terror gripped me at the though of taking a life in less than a week. 
“Yes yes – and it’s the Opening Meet,” she beamed. 
Whatever that meant – but Ashley and I smiled politely. 
“Now, it’s really important how you look and act. I’m not worried about how you ride, just, well, google MFHA and watch the video. After that, read every word under foxhunting information. Don’t worry, we’ll all ride together in second flight – the boys, too – you can’t get into too much trouble in second – they have a great field master. Ashley, find them some horses they can hunt –Viva and Bonfire will be fine for you two, I think, maybe another horse for Ashley, no, Bonfire should be fine – we’ll be in second flight so the horses should be fine,” she muttered under her breath as much to herself as to us. “Now, I’ve got to go help Jenny get that pony under control.” 
Ben and Christopher were elated. 
I thought I was going to be sick. 
“Christopher, I guess you’ll be riding with us tomorrow if you want to hunt on Saturday,” Ben said. 
“That’s great! I have my saddle with me, and my other stuff, too,” he said. 
“What other stuff do you mean?” Ashley asked. 
I was so glad she did not worry about questioning. After all, she’d ridden her whole life but had never hunted. 
“Oh, well…there is a lot of gear you need,” Ben said, “but you have most of it already. Your show attire should be fine for your first Opening Meet, but be sure to wear a white shirt – plain collar, straight pin or no pin and no jewelry. I may have some extra stock ties and pins. Wear either a navy or black jacket and a black velvet helmet – nothing shiny. And, oh, yes, khaki breeches.” 
How strange for us to be getting wardrobe advice, no, a wardrobe speech from guys. We were all ears nonetheless. They were giving details. Very strange. 
“Be sure to wear a plain black or white saddle pad, not a square one, or no pad, since it is a formal hunt – the most formal,” Christopher said. “And definitely no ear bonnets or bridle…bling.” 
Did he just say bling? Oh yeah, seventh grade sister. Not likely a girlfriend the way he’s gaping at Ashley. Of course we knew better than that on the bling, but why in the world would that matter? I still kept my mouth shut. 
“That settles it, then,” Ashley said. “See you both tomorrow at 2:00 at the barn.” 
“Hold on, girls. You said you’d never hunted before,” Christopher grinned. “Surely you have questions, or maybe, ignorance is bliss?” 
The challenge in his voice was unmistakable. I shuddered. 
Ashley, grand champion of today’s show, had too much pride, or something, to lower herself to accepting equestrian advice from boys. 
“How complicated can this be if so many people do it?” she said, tossing her long black mane over her shoulder with all the confidence she could muster. 
“Tomorrow at 2:00 then,” Christopher said, and he narrowed his eyes at her. 
My stomach lurched. There was no mistaking the challenge in his remark. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 4 - Trial and Error 

Swallows of the earth, horses float with freedom and grace; we ride them to borrow their beauty. If God made anything more lovely, he kept them for Himself. 

I made it through church, but could not stop thinking about the afternoon’s ride. The hymn Love Lifted Me followed me to my car filling my mind with galloping and jumping. At home, I grabbed a sandwich. Ben was not home yet, so I had a few minutes to clean my room and change. 
Christopher and Ashley would be meeting us at the barn. Ashley did not really appreciate that Ben’s interest was mostly directed at me, but I assured her I didn’t reciprocate. At least, not yet. But I kept that thought to myself. 
Not soon enough for me, I heard Ben banging on the doorframe downstairs. “You ready, Elliott?” he asked. 
“Be right there,” I said, taking the steps two at a time. 
“Nervous?” he smiled down at my flushed face. 
“You’re the one that should be nervous,” I said. “I’ve been riding every day for a year!” 
“Ah yes, but I think I’ll be able to manage,” he said, smiling oh so very confidently and oh so very...well…it was nice. He moved in a little closer – maybe just to challenge me…and we were so alone – no parents had arrived yet. He’d noticed and was testing the waters. I had to give him credit for that. 
“Hold this,” I said, tossing him my helmet to distract him as I gathered apples for Viva and the other horses. 
He backed away to catch my helmet, nonplussed, but still watching. He beat me to the door of his car, opened it for me, and made a grand gesture of his chivalry. 
“After you, milady,” he said and closed the door. He pulled that off nicely, too. Hmmm. 
Christopher and Ashley had already gathered the horses when we arrived at the stable. He wouldn’t let Ashley tack up Bonfire, so she had gathered his tack and assembled it outside his stall. That left her free to bound over to us. 
“Hello Ben, Elliott,” she said. “I brought some cookies for a snack. Baked them myself. Want some?” 
How ridiculously obvious. I’m sure her mother’s cook made these, but whatever. She’s really pulling out all the stops. 
“Delicious, Ashley,” I said, biting back my snide remarks. “That was really thoughtful of you.” 
“We have the chestnut over there for you, Ben, and Christopher will be riding that buckskin,” Ashley said. 
Blazer and Sonny, good choices. It makes me crazy that she never calls them by name. 
“I’ll go get Viva ready and find Ben a bridle,” I said. 
“That won’t be necessary, Elliott, I have my own bridle and saddle. But a girth would be nice in case mine’s too large, and a pad if there’s an extra,” he said. 
I gathered all the gear and started tacking up Viva. 
“Here, let me do that for you,” he said. 
“No, thanks, Ben,” I said. “I’d rather pack my own parachute today.” 
“Don’t trust me?” he asked, leaning in a little closer…again. 
“Not one bit,” I said and turned my shoulder to him tossing a mischievous glance over it so he’d know I wasn’t really being rude. 
The barn was busy but not too crowded yet, so we decided to warm up first in the arena. Christopher and Ashley were already there when we arrived. Ashley looked beautiful on Bonfire, and I did hope Ben noticed. They were perfectly matched and ever so lovely together. Bonfire gleamed, and Ashley knew they made an impressive statement. She flashed a smile our direction. 
Christopher, however, was a disappointment. Sonny and he were well matched, and Christopher obviously knew what he was doing, but he had that all-too-typical male slouchy thing going that really made an otherwise good-looking guy look ridiculous. His legs stuck way out in front, and I hurt for Sonny watching him bounce heavily on his back. At least his hard hat was on correctly and fit. What a disappointment. I hope Ben’s not the same. Maybe it’s a polo thing. 
Ashley trotted around again and her smile hadn’t faltered. I picked up a trot assuming Ben would do the same, but I didn’t hear Blazer’s footsteps behind me. As I turned to check on him, I could see why Ashley was grinning. Ben was adjusting his stirrups, but he, at least, looked magnificent. He sat straight and commanded an impressive presence on Blazer. My heart actually, finally, did a little flutter of appreciation. 
Now, that was nice. Very nice. 
I thought Ashley would fall off her horse when Ben rode Blazer with such effortless ease. They picked up a canter and worked the arena both directions doing perfect figure eights at the other end. I enjoyed the sight, but Ashley was having trouble breathing. 
“Ben, let’s try a few of these jumps!” Christopher said as he sped toward the nearest roll-top. 
“I’m in!” he said, and they flew over several of the jumps before we could rein them in. 
“Guys, there’s a lesson coming, we need to go outside,” I said, smiling at their enthusiasm. 
“So, what do we need to know about this foxhunting stuff?” Ashley asked. 
“Show us the trails, and then we’ll take you on a mock hunt,” Christopher said. “Just give us an idea of where they are and how they run, you know, property lines, and I’ll take it from there.” 
We took the horses to the trails, and Ashley guided us all over the barn’s land at a trot. She showed the guys where the jumps were and the boundaries, and we stopped on a hill overlooking a lake. It was warm again now, and I was wishing that we could go for a swim. Not here, though; no one ever swam in this lake. We would have to talk Ashley into letting us jump in her pool later. 
“Ok, ladies, here’s the plan,” Christopher grinned, and my stomach did a little nervous flutter. There was an evil, mischievous glint in his eye that I recognized all too well, being the gullible youngest of three girls and the one most tormented by older sister treachery. 
“You three follow me. Ben will remain in the rear in case one of you runs into trouble,” he said. “Keep a horse’s distance between you and the rider in front. The faster we go, the more distance you’ll need to stop. I bet they don’t teach you that in the arena.” 
He started off at a trot – I was not expecting that – and Ashley followed. Then me – then Ben. I eased Viva back with no problem. As soon as I was feeling smug about this whole thing, Christopher bolted and took off with such reckless abandon that I was nearly unseated by Viva’s explosion beneath me. 
Bonfire was on top of Christopher, and he shouted for Ashley to back off. She tried to comply, but Bonfire was not at all relinquishing his hold on the bit. At what felt to me like a full gallop, Bonfire approach Christopher. He moved Sonny in front of Bonfire, reached out his arm, and grabbed his bridle to slow him. Ben was laughing uncontrollably, and I was so startled by this commotion that I had to remember to breathe. We had broken into a clearing, so we were now all together rather than in single file. 
“Only five minutes into the hunt, and we already have a runaway!” Christopher laughed. I didn’t think that was funny at all and neither did Ashley. Ben’s eyes were laughing, too, but he had enough sense to keep his mouth shut. 
“Are you all right?” he rode up to Ashley and put his hand on her arm. She melted and bit back the anger I saw her want to direct at Christopher that flashed in her pale blue eyes. 
“Yes, quite,” she lied. “Let’s try that again. But this time, Christopher, a little warning, please?” 
“Yes ma’am,” he grinned. “Same order.” 
We flew all around the trails, but in much better form this time. Viva was hard to hold, but I managed to keep her behind Bonfire. Ben was behind, in perfect control. School horses certainly do have their benefits on the trail. 
Bonfire was in no way settled, for he would rather have been in front of Christopher. It was a real testament to Ashley’s skills that she contained him so well. All in all, I thought we’d done great for our first attempt. 
“Now,” Christopher said as we returned to the lake, “just multiply that times ten, and you will know what it feels like to foxhunt.” 
He has to be kidding. No way could we go faster and be safe. Maybe we should rethink this weekend. Ashley was thinking the same thing, but we said nothing. 
“Enough foxhunting practice,” Ben said. “Let’s swim. I’m burning up.” 
Christopher gave him a conspiratory wink and said, “Good idea, I’m in.” 
We were back at the hill overlooking the lake. They dismounted and removed the saddles, their hard hats, boots, half-chaps, and… their shirts. Very, very nice. Like Indians they slipped back onto their horses’ backs and walked them to the water. 
“What are you nuts doing?” Ashley asked, a little breathlessly. I think she’d just now gotten her voice back after Ben stripped to his waist. 
“Swimming,” Christopher said. 
“With the horses?” Ashley asked, shocked. 
“Watch this,” Christopher said, and I remembered a line from some comedian that said those were most redneck’s last lines…. 
But Christopher was no hot-dog redneck, at least, not here, not now. Sonny stepped confidently into the water going deeper, deeper, now up to his chest. He arched his long golden neck and stretched it in front of him over the top of the lake. At the same time, Christopher slid to his side and let him pull him across the lake to the other side. It was a magnificent sight. I had to try! 
I jumped down and flung all my gear to the ground just like the guys, but kept on my shirt. Thank goodness I’d chosen to wear black today. Viva looked at me with great interest as I swung upon her broad back. She followed Ben and Blazer without protest, and before I knew it, she was pulling me, too, across the lake. 
The cool water surrounded us, and I could feel her powerful shoulders moving, gliding beneath me. She was still touching the bottom of the lake, but I was already off her back letting the water lift me to the surface. Soon, however, she, too, was swimming toward Christopher and Sonny. I held her mane with my left hand and rolled onto my back, ducking my head briefly under, then tucking my chin as the water parted around me. 
We swam all the way across – such a sensational feeling – then I felt her feet touch the bottom. I pulled myself onto her back and stopped her when she was chest deep. Ben was right behind me on Blazer, a huge grin on his face. 
“So, neighbor, how was that?” 
"That was the best feeling I've ever had on a horse!" I said. "You guys are nuts!" 
“Come on, Ashley!” Ben called. “Just swim in your gear if you don’t want to get off!” 
Bonfire was rearing in protest of Ashley’s insistence to stay on the land. 
“No way! You all have lost your minds!” she shouted. “That lake is nasty!” 
“I’ll go back and get her,” Christopher said. 
 “I’d like to see you try,” I said under my breath. This is not her thing, nor is it Bonfire’s. He’s not even wild about water jumps. I can’t believe he thinks he can push her into doing this. 
“Let’s go help Ashley,” I said, as Ben swam over. “I’m worried about Bonfire.” 
“They’ll be fine, but you’re right,” he said. “We don’t need to leave her over there alone if she’s not even going to try.” 
“This is not Ashley’s kind of thing Ben,” I said, not being unkind, just trying to help him understand. “Her parents would be furious if they knew she even considered taking that horse into a lake. Trail rides every six months are about their limit of roughing it.” 
“Such a shame – there’s so much more to riding than arenas,” he said. 
I looked at him. Very nice. And he thinks the way I do about arenas. Such a surprise. Still no pitter patter, though. Why not? Maybe when this one kisses me that will turn my stubborn heart. Am I going to let him? I’m sure he’s going to try. Soon probably. 
Swim – lovely floating, I could do this forever – and we glided like dolphins to the other side. 
Ashley and Bonfire were much calmer now that we’d returned from the swim. 
“Y’all are nuts!” she said, smiling broadly. “Next time you want to do that I’ll leave this maniac at the barn and just come watch.” At least she was willing to keep playing. I admired that in her. 
“Ok, instructor,” I said to Christopher. “What else do we need to know about this foxhunting stuff? Have we passed?” 
“We’ll definitely need a few more practice sessions,” he said, looking at Ashley hopefully. “And there are a few more details you need to know. If, you’re still game.” 
 “Of course we’re going to go foxhunting, Christopher,” Ashley said impatiently. “You haven’t scared us off yet. What else do we need to know?” She emphasized the last part of her sentence with plenty of drama complete with making her blue eyes huge and dramatic. 
“Keep away from everyone else and their horses. And don’t talk to any of the Masters or staff. They’re really busy on that day. You can talk to them later, but not during the hunt. It’s ok if they speak to you, but don’t go chatting them up,” he said. 
“Sounds like a bunch of uptight people to me,” I said. 
“Not really, they just have a lot on their minds at the hunt. You’ll see,” he said. “It’s hard to explain. You just don’t want to cause a spectacle of yourself.” 
When we returned to the barn, Robin threw a fit when she saw us soaked, but she was all smiles when we told her we had been swimming… with the horses. She, too, could appreciated the fun and freedom of a beautiful November afternoon with friends and oh so cute guys… and horses. 
On the way home, I was quiet, for I was remembering Christopher’s words that the hunt would be like that – times ten. I was barely able to hold Viva today, and I certainly did not want to embarrass myself. 
“Have fun?” Ben asked as we approached our neighborhood. 
“Swimming was amazing, yes,” I said. 
“Don’t worry about the hunt,” he said. Could he read my mind? “I’m going to make sure you have fun. You’ll be riding with me, and I’ll take care of you.” 
“Thanks, Ben,” I said, and I meant it. He walked me to the door. 
“See you at school,” he said and he gave me a brief hug – and walked away. 
My parents had gone to some social function, so they weren’t home. I was exhausted, so I made myself a bowl of cereal and retreated to my room. The last bits of homework kept me up another hour. 
Once completed, I opened Chesapeake, one of the books I was reading, and tried to follow the story. Within minutes, Mitchener’s descriptive passages lulled me to sleep. 
In my dreams, Viva was pulling me across the lake – the water swirling around me – Ben was in the background, but Ashley needed him, and he was returning to her. Viva and I swam on – now in the ocean – across the surf – and on and on forever – happily together one evermore. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 5 - The Hunt

It looked and felt just like the video. We could be anywhere in the country – anywhere in time – transported by tradition and courtesy and horses and hounds on the notes of Classical tunes transforming fall trees into a cathedral and hounds’ voices into the choir. 

Robin was right to direct us to the website. And I’ll never be the same. 
Just thinking about how I felt watching and hearing and reading about a sport so foreign to anything I had ever known sent a tingle along my arms. I was somewhat comforted that the literature said the hunt was more about the chase than the kill, but there was always some possibility of bloodshed, mine even, and I was not so sure about that. 
But the pageantry of this day replaced trepidation, for the moment. I had never seen so many beautiful horses, hounds, and guys, for that matter, gathered into one place. It felt splendidly military, and oh how grand the gentlemen looked. I worked extra hard to be ladylike in honor of the day. 
After Sunday, the weather had turned much cooler and stayed that way all week. The November leaves reflected the sun like millions of light-catching mirrors. Pale gray moss shrouded the trees and softened the sounds of horses and chatter. Viva was calm, but nervous, and as taken with the scenery as I. 
She had been clipped – Robin had had her own horse’s and the other four horses’ coats shaved to a hunt clip. The legs and a little patch of hair where the saddle sat were unshaven, but the rest of their bodies was clipped. This style of clip was used to protect the horses’ legs from brambles and branches. The body, being clipped, could be kept clean easier and would dry faster when the horse sweated. I could not imagine how that would matter, but I went with the program. The result was magnificent, and their bodies gleamed. 
Robin had also had all their manes and tails braided professionally to ensure we all looked the part. We were scheduled for a portrait soon – my mother insisted – so I waited with Viva at the trailer before going to the breakfast. 
All around me others were doing the same. Many were putting last minute braids in their horses’ manes or repairing damage done on the ride over. A horse next to our trailer had a side-saddle on it, and I could not wait to meet his rider. He was a pale gray with white mane and tail and looked immaculate. The saddle was worn with age, but oh, so very elegant. I could not understand how anyone could ride on such an unusual contraption, or why they would try. Maybe they had been injured. 
In another section of the parking pasture, children were buzzing around on their ponies, pigtails flying, ponies prancing, many dropping their heads to graze and popping off their little riders. They were adorable, and I could not take my eyes off their antics. A poor harried trainer or parent was trying to gather them all into some semblance of order. She was administering what looked like liberal amounts of sedative to the larger ponies, and I though I saw her offer a shot of it to a parent…. 
Our turn for the portrait – Robin buzzed over and collected each of us so we could get a still portrait and a jumping one over the coop decorated with fall colors. Viva jumped a little too high, not too sure about the pumpkins, but we managed to get a nice photograph for the album. 
The sidesaddle lady was next, and to my amazement, three other beautiful creatures all dressed exactly alike in their top hats and habits joined her. I now understood why they did it; they were breathtaking. The horses pranced, the gray by my trailer, a feisty dark bay shimmering in its new clip, another bright bay, and a palomino. All ladies except one, who looked a little younger, had on veils with their top hats. The younger one was wearing her hard hat. After the portrait, she popped over the coop like it wasn’t there and was followed by the pretty dark bay. Viva and I have to do that someday. 
“Ashley, did you see them?” I said. 
“Nuts – all of them,” she said. “But the outfits I can appreciate. They are certainly turning the heads!” 
“We’ve got to try to do that,” I said. 
“You go right ahead,” she laughed. “I’m not that desperate for attention!” 
We returned our horses to the trailers, checked their braids, and walked over to the breakfast. There was a sea of scarlet coats, top hats on the gentlemen, wide-brimmed elegant hats on the ladies, and so much food I could not believe anyone could ever eat so much. It looked like a huge Thanksgiving breakfast feast – what a way to start their hunting year! I could not believe this was happening in Canton, Mississippi. 
Photographers and reporters were everywhere. They were kicking off some ceremony, and people were being awarded things for something, then there was a hat contest and much joking and fun among not only the ladies but also the kids with their funny hats. The four sidesaddle ladies ran away with most elegant, of course, but many prizes were awarded, so few went away disappointed. 
Christopher brought Ashley and me some orange juice and found us a table. He held our spots while we stood in line for omelets. 
“I’m not sure I can eat, but I’m going to try,” I said. “Are you nervous?” 
“Are you kidding? This commotion is nothing compared to a big show,” Ashley scoffed. “We’ll be fine.” 
Ben appeared having been called off to help Robin move some additional tables and chairs in for the hostess. “Fix me a plate, please,” he called over his shoulder. 
“Got it!” Ashley said. “What do you want?” 
“Yes,” Ben said. 
Ashley grinned. “Don’t you think he’s the least bit cute, Elliott?” she asked. 
“Of course he’s cute. Why do you ask?” I said. 
“Because you’re all but ignoring the fact that he’s chasing you,” she said. 
“Not for long I’m sure,” I said smiling. “You are much better at this than I am, and I can tell he’s in your sights.” 
“Is it that obvious?” she asked, truly embarrassed. 
“Yes. Back it down a little,” I said. 
“I never in a million years thought I’d get boy advice from you of all people!” she said with a grin. “I’m not sure I’m going to take it.” 
“You’re wise to consider the source,” I said, and we walked to our table. 
Christopher had held our spots, but the table was already crowded with others. He introduced us to the hunt secretary, Bonnie Walters, who had a ready smile for all of us. Ben sat next to Ashley who proffered him his plate. She winked at me. 
“We are so glad you could come with Robin,” she said. “I hope you will have fun today. Have all of you hunted before?” 
“Ben and I have, but not the girls,” Christopher said. “Robin has us all in second flight, so we should stay out of trouble.” 
“Girls, be sure to find me later and let me know what you think,” she said. “I’ve got to go check on a few things before the Blessing. Have fun. It was so nice to meet all of you.” 
Mother and Daddy joined us after Bonnie left. They, too, were having a great time seeing friends and making new ones. 
“I just loved that black hat with the foxes on it,” Mother said. “After you eat, let’s go check out the silent auction. Maybe even you will find something you like.” 
“Yes, ma’am,” I said, as Ashley and I perused the goodies. 
There were beautiful pieces of hand made furniture, cool barn things, books, paintings, and weekend trips for sale. We bid liberally on lots of things, the festive mood infectious. A tack trailer was parked nearby and, of course, it drew me in like a magnet. Mother rolled her eyes but acquiesced. 
With little encouragement, she let me purchase a new set of crochet-backed leather gloves for today. I had noticed no one else was wearing black gloves but me, so I replaced them with my new pair. I also picked up a real stock tie and Ashley purchased a tie and proper stock pin to finish her look. We excused ourselves to the house to make our improvements. 
“Perfect,” she said as she finished putting the last fluff on her stock tie. 
“How did you do that?” I asked, jealous because mine looked ridiculous. 
“Here, I’ll fix it,” she said. 
“Thanks.” 
Outside the announcer said it was time for the riders to get their horses and gather with their respective field masters. I was so glad that Christopher and Ben were there to help us. I would have been pretty intimidated without them. Ashley, too, I’m sure, but she’d never admit it. 
Viva was glad to see us but had untied her rope and was, thankfully, grazing next to Bonfire. Robin was nowhere in sight, but we mounted the horses and moved where we could see everyone assembling. Ben and Christopher looked so gallant – thank goodness Christopher was not slouching today – and the four of us found our places. 
Several gentlemen smiled in appreciation when Ashley and I made our way into the crowd. What gorgeous scenery. Just being here made me feel so elegant, and Viva was prancing perfectly in place. Bonfire was giving Ashley a little fuss, but nothing she couldn’t handle. Blazer and Sonny were stolidly looking the part of gentlemen’s mounts. 
During the Blessing of the Hounds, the priest drew a brilliant analogy of the horses and hounds following the cry of their Master, like we follow the cry of our Maker to determine our purpose in life. Tears filled my eyes, for his words moved me like few sermons had in all my well-churched life. His words sent my mind on its own path, and I drifted away, reflecting. 
I was following the paths laid before me, but where was I going? Was I going where I was supposed to go? How was I sure? I had such great parents, sisters, and I certainly knew all about God, after all, I was raised in the South. 
This new sport was not only elevating my spirits, it laid bare all my life questions that were so now for a high school senior. As the priest read the beautiful poem, I wondered if the right person was out there waiting or if I was destined to be an old maid. All these boys around showed so much interest, yet nothing stirred my soul like riding Viva. And now, this! My eyes are appreciative, but my heart is with the horses and these amazing hounds. 
As if reading my thoughts, Ben gave it another try. 
“You look nice this morning, Elliott,” he said. “Having fun?” 
“Thank you, Ben,” I said. “Yes. This is spectacular.” 
“Just wait,” he said. 
Ben’s confident tone made me turn to look at him. “What do you mean by that?” I asked. How could there be anything better than this? 
“You’ll see,” he smiled, and his eyes did that sparkle thing again. 
Ashley noticed, too, and stiffened. Bonfire leapt in place and kicked both back feet in protest from having to stand so still and quiet with braided mane and tail through the long service. He was not being nearly the manageable spirited mount that Viva was so thankfully being. Ashley and Christopher were using all their skills to keep him from causing a ruckus. Robin had joined us late and was doing her part as well, much to Ashley’s chagrin. She would much rather have had Ben’s assistance than hers and Christopher’s. 
The huntsman paraded the hounds by the spectators and us. What a sight he was on his magnificent bay! Even Viva appreciated it and pranced for effect. He went by at a trot and winked at Ashley and me. Thankfully, Bonfire had settled, for the moment. Ladies’ day for eye-candy – might as well return the favor – and we beamed at him. 
The hounds were cast, or released, as I recently learned, nearby where the landowner “cared” for a brace, meaning two, I also had learned, of gray foxes. They were not released for the hunt, or chase; they just were regulars. I felt a little better thinking that these must be hunted often; therefore, not killed. I wasn’t ready for bloodshed. 
Then, at last, we heard them. Although I had heard them on the video, heard about them from others, and even heard them in the trailer and around the priest, for the first time, it was a choir. 
The most magnificent music ever to enter my ears. 
They struck the regulars – or at least one of them – and we were off at a blinding pace. Never before had I felt such a rush of emotion – panic, no, elation, freedom, flying, freedom, and oh, the speed! Ben stayed in front of me acting as, I learned later, a pilot, to ensure the footing and path was clear for Viva and me. At the time, however, we were going so fast with so many other horses, I’m sure that had we encountered anything in the trail it would have either been trampled or leapt. We had wings – and they were widespread. 
On and on we galloped – I had no idea where we were going. Ben’s horse’s rump was a comfort, for I’m not sure I could have contained Viva in the simple show-ring snaffle without their assistance. Now I know why Ben insisted upon using his own bridle even for the reliable schooling horse Ashley had chosen for him. 
Then – a check. Pause – Viva and I were trembling. Hounds were quiet, and a deathly silence fell over the crowd. Tension was tangible – the huntsman cantered by gazing intently at a spot in the creek we recently passed – and brought the hounds to him. All of them – they followed him as a group. I was astounded. How does he do that? 
I looked up to ask Ben a question, but he motioned for me to stay quiet. Everyone is so quiet. How cool is this? And then, a small black and tan hound, a bitch I learned later, the gender, not personality, gave a sharp yip, screech, and then howl. The next hound, large and rangy, boomed in agreement with the rest of the pack, and we shot across the ditch after them. 
Flying again, filthy, wondrous mud splashing before and behind us as we crashed through the trails flooded from recent rainstorms. Our beautiful clothes were fabulously nasty. I had never been so delighted to be dirty! Down the hills, across open fields, what a pace! 
Sharp turn ahead, riders to my left and right pressed against Viva and me as we negotiated the twists and turns. Elated, although I should have been terrified, we blazed up a hill dodging branches like Indians escaping rivals’ arrows. 
At the top of the hill another check. 
“Staff, please,” a rider announced, and Ben directed Viva and me to move aside. I glanced up in time to move out of their way and meet the polite gaze of pale green eyes set in a face forever stamped on my heart. 
He was in full scarlet – meaning he was staff of some sort – probably what they called a whipper-in. But he…they…were different. He and his imposing black horse were one, but of course not, really. The instant they passed, Viva half-reared – something she’d never done before – and Ben attributed it to them passing too quickly by us. 
“Rude,” he muttered under his breath. “You all right, Elliott?” 
No air. What happened to the oxygen? Breathe. Takes breath to speak. 
“Yes, yes, I’m, we’re…fine,” I said and forced a smile. I felt my face flush and feared Ben would misinterpret. He did. 
“Glad you like this so much. It was like this for me my first time, too,” he said, leaning in much too close and looking deeply into my eyes. I could tell where this was going. 
“Look, they’re on something again,” I said, quickly changing the subject. Although, how brave could Ben be to approach any closer to me…enter my space…the space…with us both on prancing horses, in front of all these people, and with ungainly velvet headgear strapped to our skulls? My advantage. For now. 
A moment later than I would have liked, the faithful little bitch howled, and the pack followed suit. Off again! Back across the ditch and into the woods. Ducking dodging, out in the open now, more speed and oh, my, a river! What do we do with that? No quiet lake this time. 
Reading my thoughts, Ben turned to me and spoke softly. 
“Nothing to this, Elliott. Just give your mare plenty of rein and she’ll be fine.” 
And we were swimming again in November! The icy waters swirled around my knees as I bent my legs backward to avoid the water. My father will kill me if I ruin these custom boots! How cool is this? I thought for the second time today. Viva’s feet could still touch the gravelly bottom, and she negotiated the river like Poseidon’s personal Pegasus. 
“Ben, where’s Ashley?” I asked, as we scrambled up the other side. 
“No way to know, Elliott. I am sure she and Robin have everything under control. It’s easy to get separated from the group in this sport,” he added, albeit a little too hopefully. 
Oh my. I sure had no idea where we were. I did take some consolation knowing this was his first time here at least, so perhaps he would not be brave enough to try the so obvious “we’re lost” line at a fox hunt to arrange some alone time with him. 
We had gorged ourselves earlier at the hunt breakfast, but already I was wishing I had brought something to drink. The excitement and action had me wanting more food than I usually ate in a week. Now I understood why so many rode with the little leather boxes and flasks on their saddles. 
Hounds struck again, and we galloped to who knows where for about thirty minutes. Viva’s pulling was making my arms tired, but I was too exhilarated to care. Ben stopped us in a clearing surrounded by golden hickory trees. The rest of the group was quiet, listening for the hounds. Somehow, we had been separated from the other group. 
Our field master heard something and trotted off. We cantered behind all bunched up in a wad as we crossed the meadow. Once we reached the woods, Ben held Viva and me back so others could get ahead. I was not sure what he was planning but kept Viva behind him as best as I could. When the last person trotted by, we joined them in the end. It was much easier to ride without everyone crowding us, and I appreciated his strategy. 
We galloped at a blinding pace down steep paths and through winding trails ducking and bobbing every few feet to dodge branches. This was wonderful, and I couldn’t believe how fast and how far we were going. Did this land go on and on forever? My arms and legs were aching and my stomach growling, but I felt like I could ride like this for the rest of my life. 
Just in time we arrived at checkpoint, which was another spread of food, drink, and spectators overlooking a beautiful lake. They were really turning up the cameras toward the now filthy beautifully clad horses and riders. There were jumps set up all around for larking, or playing, something typically discouraged in the normal course of events, but this was, after all, a fundraiser for the hunt. 
“Elliott!” Ashley called from a mule-drawn hay wagon. Christopher was sitting right beside her, and I saw Robin behind them. 
“Where’s Bonfire and the other horses?” I asked, fear of the worst gripping my stomach. 
“Oh, they’re fine. Bonfire’s just not the foxhunt type, I think,” Ashley said with some disdain no doubt taking in the state of my disrepair. 
Christopher was still working hard to win Ashley’s attention along with a few other hopeful boys. So far, no good. Her blue eyes were fixed on Ben. He had not returned her gaze. She, too, was making her intentions far too obvious to me, but as she has reminded me earlier, what did I know about boys? 
“Elliott, don’t jump Viva today, please,” Robin called. “I’d rather you bring her home in one piece. We’ve had enough disasters for the day. Ben, you can ride Blazer wherever you like. He’s a gem.” 
“Yes, ma’am,” I said without too much regret. The day was magnificent on its own, and I certainly did not want to break any rules. I planned to come back. Whatever it takes. 
“I’m staying with Elliott,” Ben said to Robin, “just in case Viva tries to take after Bonfire.” 
“I appreciate that,” Robin said. “Sorry I can’t be any more help!” 
The huntsman beckoned his pack, and they reluctantly left sandwich handouts to return to their mission. He cast, or directed, them into the woods behind the lake. For a while, they muddled around looking like so many soldiers intent on their mission. 
Ben had moved us up to the front of second flight in hopes to see a little more hound work. Most everyone around us seemed to be having fun and were chatting among themselves in low tones. 
As guests, Ben had initially positioned us at the rear of the field. Most members, however, were eager for me see the hounds and allowed us front row seats. Ben said it was because they knew it was my first foxhunt. They could already tell I was hooked.
 The field master had us lined up along a road where we could see the hounds working in the woods to our left. A small white hound gave animated yips and, amazingly, the others rushed to her side. Then the whole chorus of the Woodland Hounds erupted right beside us sending chills up my spine. I shivered with pleasure as Viva surged forward with the field. 
Up hills, down slippery slides, around and through the trails we crashed, forty plus riders and a pack of eager hounds. The sounds, thrills, and uncertainty filled my soul to bursting. I wanted this run to last forever. Soon, all was quiet, for the scent had been lost. After trying in vain to find their quarry, the huntsman was ready to move to a new location. The Master of Foxhounds, however, decided to call it a day since all hounds were accounted for, and we had been hunting nearly four hours. 
The huntsman blew another long wavering sound, mournful this time, on his horn.
"That means we’re going in,” Ben said. 
The steam rising from the horses’ backs as we rode quietly though the November mist was a perfect end to an unforgettable day. Viva had settled into her job – not too close, but not too far from the other horses, and I loosened the reins. She lowered her long neck down and out, stretching and lifting her back. Her walking stretch felt good to me, too. 
We walked through a small field towards the clubhouse, and in the distance I could see a rider – another whipper-in I supposed – backlit in the mist. 
What a regal sight. He was looking over our field and standing motionless, both rider and horse too still to be real. Mist swirled around them – a vision I was sure. 
My emotions were so rattled with all I had experienced I was certain they were part of my vivid imagination. But then I blushed, and Viva started – for we felt, more than we saw, his eyes bearing down…on me. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 6 - The Party

At the sound, Viva’s heart pounded beneath me. I could feel her pulse as completely as my own. Her ears twitched as she took in the new surroundings. My head spun in anticipation of another breathtaking gallop – oh the speed, the freedom, the glory, and the sound – always the sound – my personal orchestra ringing in my mind. 

Ashley, Robin, and Christopher had long since left by the time we returned to the trailers. Ben and I had ridden home in silence, a comfortable silence, so my mind drifted back over the beautiful morning. Fortunately, we had brought two vehicles, so the others did not have to wait for our return. Ashley trailered Bonfire in Robin’s rig, while mine remained with room for Ben’s horse. 
Ben and I were alone at the trailer, and I had almost forgotten his intentions earlier in the day. Almost. People were passing, politely saying their goodbyes and casually making plans for the next day’s hunt. Next day’s hunt? I wonder if our invitation was for two days? 
“Ben, are we allowed to hunt tomorrow, too?” I asked. He was really easy to talk to, even with the impending romantic complications. Hopefully I could step around this without losing a friend. 
“I think so, but let me check,” he said. “Had fun, did you?” His eyes were amused and way too interested in my reaction. So was I, but there was none. 
“I’d like that,” I said, wondering again what was wrong with me. Here was finally a guy, a very handsome one as well, versed in something that I loved, that could be the ticket to my coming back, and my heart refused to respond to his gaze. All I could think about was avoiding being alone with him and paving the way for Ashley. 
I watched Ben leave and started to untack and brush down both horses. Mother would be so frustrated, and Grand, well, she’d have already taken a strap to me – verbally only, of course. They were great coaches for their Southern girls – the best, even. Mother lived for Daddy and radiated joy and enthusiasm in everything she did – including raising three girls. Her constant attention and affection made everything in our house fun. Unlike most girls my age, I was not longing to leave home next year, but I was ready to spread my own wings. 
She talked constantly about boys, and it concerned me much more than her that I had not really had a boyfriend. Was something wrong with me? She assured me that the later the better on having those complications. College was the best time to explore that venue, and after college was even better. But Ben was definitely on her radar screen and had passed social scrutiny with flying colors. 
“We’re in – if you’re game,” Ben said. 
I looked up, a little embarrassed that I had just been thinking about him. “In? You mean we can hunt tomorrow?” I said, not believing my ears. 
“Hunt is at 10:00 since there are so many out-of-town guests,” he said. “But there is one catch.” 
“I’m all ears,” I said. 
“Let me take you to the hunt party tonight,” he said. 
“Party? What party?” Now I was trapped. I did not see that one coming. My mind was racing of a way to get around a real date with Ben. That would expedite the complications, I was sure. 
“I’ll pick you up at 7:00,” he said. “That is, if you’ll go with me.” 
“Yes, Ben, yes I’ll go with you, of course,” I stammered and looked down. He’s probably misreading my actions but I had to gather my thoughts. 
“By the way, tomorrow’s hunt is ratcatcher,” he said. 
Here we go again – he was throwing around all these terms and giving wardrobe instructions. Ashley would be mortified, too. 
“Meaning?” I asked. 
“Well, you being a beginner and all, you would be fine in what you wore today, but it would need to be cleaned,” he smiled. “A stiff brush will get the mud off; you’d be surprised.” 
Good enough for a beginner. I stiffened at the thought. Nothing like being conspicuous in the wrong way – not me – no way. Even if I had to borrow something, I was going to look the part. I already saw that the right look is part of the attraction of this sport. 
“What are you going to wear?” I asked, once again not believing I was discussing clothes with a guy. 
“Tweed jacket’s about the biggest difference, and a regular tie,” he said. 
That was not helpful. I couldn’t see me dressing like a professor and making that cute. 
“What do other girls wear?” I asked. 
“The same,” he said. Catching the look on my face, he added, “well, ladies can wear a man’s tie, but they can also wear stock ties – not usually white, but other colors. And the vest, of course, pulls that all together.” 
Where was I going to find all those clothes in an afternoon? Lucky for me, I have two sisters’ leftover clothes and a mother at home. I definitely was not going to wear the same outfit tomorrow. 
“What about tonight?” I asked, embarrassed that I had to ask. 
“Jeans,” he said and flashed an errant grin, relishing my discomfort. 
He does like pushing my buttons. Maddening. 
In no time, we were at home. 
“See you at 7:00,” he said. “Keep the stock pin.” 
“Thanks,” I said, my mind already working on what to wear for Sunday. Already giving me jewelry. Thoughtful. 
Mother met me in my room electric with questions. She was trying to let me start, but I could see the suspense for her was almost painful. 
“Well?” she asked, perfectly plucked eyebrows raised. 
“I don’t know where to start!” I beamed. “This was unequivocally the best day of my life!” 
I could still feel the wind watering my eyes as Viva and I raced through the fields with her strong muscles surging beneath me. The thrill with just a touch of danger, well, probably more than a touch, going that fast with that many horses around you…the closest thing that could compare would be flying without a plane with thirty other people in semi-control around you, but I was not sure how much to say to her about that. 
“Oh Elliott, at last!” Mother said. She was so happy, and seemed relieved, or something. “Did he try to kiss you?” Mother asked. 
“What? No, well, not really, no, I wasn’t talking about Ben,” I said. But I knew he would have if I had given him any more encouragement – no need to reveal that. “I was talking about the hunt. Wasn’t it all just so…majestic? The pageantry – and we rode so…fast…for so long.” 
Maybe I would not tell her just how fast and for how long. Her face fell, a little. “What about Ben?” Mother asked. 
“Ben was great. We had a lot of fun…we did,” I added when she gave me that raised eyebrow look again. 
“So?” the eyebrows remained in place. 
“Mother, I don’t know,” I sighed, my thoughts now having to leave the hunt to have this discussion with her. I was not exactly thrilled to have to put my thoughts about Ben into words. “He’s cute. He really is, and very nice. I don’t know how to explain.” 
“Sweetheart, you don’t have to,” Mother said. “Just be nice to him. He seems like a good guy, but there certainly is no rush. Just in case, though, your Daddy and I approve,” she smiled. 
So he’d passed the test. Mother and Daddy, like all Southern couples, had an extended network that rivaled the military intelligence sophistication of a country. His mother must know someone who knew someone who knew what kind of law his daddy practiced, where they spent their vacations, down to where the family usually sat in church and whether or not they attended with any sort of regularity. 
“We’re going out tonight,” I said, knowing I had reached the limit on discussing the hunt with her. Now it was her turn to be surprised. That’s so much fun to have one up on her. So rare. 
“Really, but I thought…” she said. 
“He’s taking me to the hunt party tonight. It’s really for the riders and the social members, not as many people should be there as this morning,” I said. “And we’re going hunting again tomorrow,” I threw in, making this more a statement than a question. Hope she’ll roll with this… 
“Again? Well, ok. If you think Robin will be all right with you going twice. You said you ran around a lot. Is your horse in good enough shape?” she asked, not knowing at all about what she was talking about, but knowing she has the Mother-authority to ask – and the keys to whether or not I could go. I had not thought about asking Robin, or whether or not Ben could get Blazer again for Sunday. My mind had been just floating on the morning’s memories and plotting a way to go hunting again. 
“I’m sure Robin won’t care, and Viva’s fine. Horses are made to gallop, Mother,” I said condescendingly, but with more confidence than I felt. But I’m not sure Robin would agree that my horse was made to gallop with reckless abandon through hill and dale at top speed. What would happen to all that arena work? I didn’t care, but I wasn’t sure how Robin would react. 
“You are right, and I’m sure it will be fine if you’re with Ben,” she said. Thank you, again Ben. The boyfriend potential for him to her must be really strong for her to relinquish power like that! 
“Now, Mother, I need your help,” I said. 
“Mine?” eyebrows up with smiles. 
I explained my wardrobe conundrum and she grasped the situation amazingly fast. That my mother could understand. In no time, she produced one of her own tweed jackets, from Harold’s, no less, and it was cut perfectly for riding. She picked up the light blue lines in the brown tweed with a blue toned silk scarf and with the help, once again, of the Internet and research, we twisted the scarf into an acceptable rendition of a stock tie. Ben’s stock pin completed the ensemble. 
“You always take more time thinking about how you will look on that horse than getting dressed for dates,” Mother teased. 
“Oh yeah – I have a date tonight,” I remembered and dodged an incoming pillow. 
We pounded each other with pillows for a while enjoying the girl time. 
“Mother, I did see something today besides horses,” I said. Not sure why I was bringing this up. 
“Mmm…what could possibly have averted your attention?” she asked. 
“I don’t know, really.” I knew exactly what I felt, just not how to explain this, to my mother. “After one of the gallops, we had to sort of pull over to for a guy who needed to get by. You know how glamorous they all looked. But he, well, when I looked at him it was like I couldn’t take my eyes off him. I didn’t think that really happened.” 
Mother grinned, a devilish one for her, too. 
“Did you get his name?” she asked. 
“No, Ben was with me all day, and I couldn’t exactly ask him,” I said. 
“You’re right. Is that the first time you’ve seen something like that?” she asked. 
“Definitely, Mother, but it was more like I felt him than saw him.” Enough information for a mother, at least. 
She smiled. “You’d better watch that one, Elliott,” Mother said. “Just because a guy attracts you does not at all mean he’s a match. It is hard enough to choose wisely with a clear head. I’m sure he has had that affect on others as well. Some of them do, you know. They usually know it and work it to their advantage.” 
“I know, I know, you’ve told me that a hundred times,” I sighed complete with the eye roll. “But at least now I know why you’ve said this so many times.” And I hit her with a pillow. 
“Just remember, dear,” she said. “You are as beautiful as can be … inside and out. And on your horse, well, you are positively striking. I wouldn’t be surprised if he had not noticed you, too.” 
We sat in silence for some time. She knew I still was pondering my thoughts and hoped for some more morsels. 
“Did Daddy make you feel like that?” I asked, not really wanting to know the answer. 
“Absolutely,” she said. 
Aaaaaahhhh – I can’t go there. 
I dropped my eyes. 
“One more thing, Elliott. Your daddy did not make me feel like that at first. It took some time. Don’t rule out the Bens in the world. Give them a chance. Sometimes it takes time to know what you want, in a husband or match,” she corrected when she saw my face contort. 
“No! Mother, I can’t think about marriage! I’ve not even had a real boyfriend yet. I’m just taking one step at a time. College is all that I can stand – then probably graduate school – who knows?” I stammered, now uncomfortable on this topic. 
“Enjoy the process, Elliott. Life flings enough at you to have to handle every day. For me, things just get better every year. But it really helps to build on good choices,” she said sensing my tolerance for Motherspeech was at its limit. 
Ben picked me up promptly at 7:00 looking as handsome as ever. He was polite, but did not make a fuss over us being alone, and we relaxed into a companionable silence. I was looking forward to meeting more fox hunters, but still drained from the morning’s fun. 
The hunt party was in a clubhouse overlooking a lake. The scenery was beautiful, and it was hard for me to look away from the sunset and go inside. Food was everywhere – heavy hours d’ourves, drinks, and fox, horse, and hound décor covered the room. Although no one had started eating, I couldn’t resist. Seeing the food reminded me I was starving. 
“Hey Ben!” Christopher called. 
“You made it then. Hello Ashley,” Ben said. 
“Ben, Elliott, meet Janice Black,” Christopher said. “She’s a whipper-in for the hunt. I just realized that we’re both at Millsaps.” 
“Nice to meet you, Janice,” I said. “Will you be riding tomorrow?” 
“Every time the hounds go out, so do I,” she said. 
Sounded like a perfect life to me. “When do you find time to study?” I asked, already plotting how to keep hunting in my life through college. 
“Oh, you get really good at leaving out everything else,” she smiled. “Except studying, of course. You should see my room!” 
My stomach growled uncomfortably, and with Ben occupied I moved toward the food. Chicken, pork tenderloin sandwiches, mmmm, all a girl could want. I piled it on the clear plastic plate. 
And then I saw it. Standing in a league of its own – a chocolate fountain surrounded by strawberries and other meager forms of fruit and such for dipping. Alone at the table, I moved toward the chocolate – ready to complete the ensemble, when my shoes caught on the carpet, and I stumbled. The piles of food on my plate plunged beneath the chocolaty surface. 
Oh my. I was mortified. 
After all, this was the hunt set – the very nest of the people that had presented the loveliest pageant I had witnessed in my veryspoiled-and-pampered life. 
Dear heavens, I hope no one saw that. Glancing down I saw that my plate was clean, so no evidence of falling chicken. Thankfully, I had selected solid items that appeared to have submerged – completely, beneath the surface. No ripples. 
My face was hot, but I still hoped no one saw – I could not feel anyone near. As I slowly looked up to scan the room for witnesses, I caught his eye. Him. No mistaking those eyes – even when he was not on a horse. There was a hint of a smirk on his face, and he looked away. 
The chocolate fountain claimed more than my food that evening. Surely he was telling all to those around him – I was mortified. Thank goodness for my Southernmothers’ training. Poise came naturally amid disaster. 
I lifted my chin, selected a few strawberries, dipped them in the sauce, and returned to my oblivious friends. No looking back. 
If he was going to laugh at me behind my back, then at least I needed discover his name. Ben and Christopher had left to get Ashley and Janice drinks, so I felt safe in the inquiry. 
“Janice, who is that guy in the corner with his back to me?” I asked, keeping the one with the green eyes that suck the air out of the room thoughts to myself. 
“Oh, that’s Griffen Case with the Cantata Hounds hunt outside of Nashville. Fabulous, but as far as I can tell, not interested in girls.” 
My heart sank. I tried to keep a straight face. It must not have worked. 
“I don’t think it’s like that, though, but I really don’t know,” she said mostly to herself. “He helps William, the huntsman for the Memphis hunt, Big River Hounds, when he’s home, and this weekend is a joint opening meet, since our hunt is so new. They’re helping us with our pack.” 
“So he’s from Memphis?” I asked. Now, Memphis was certainly not out of reach for the Mississippi social network. We always thought of it as the capital of the Delta, anyway. If this source didn’t turn up any information, I knew some who could. 
“Yes, but he lives in Nashville now. I think he goes to Vanderbilt. He lived with an uncle in Memphis. I think he was adopted or something. No one knows what happened to his parents,” she said. “So, are you hunting tomorrow?” 
“I can’t wait – yes! Today was the best ride I have ever had – especially when we were plastered in mud!” I smiled. That was way more information about him than I expected. It looks like Mother was right, as usual. He must have had that same effect on her, for her to know so much about him. 
“A true foxhunter is born!” Janice said as she put her arm around me, and we joined the others for the horn-blowing contest. 
On the back deck overlooking the lake, everyone who was willing swapped hunting horns and tried to out-blow each other in the contest. There was a prize for the longest tone, the most musical tone, and, of course, the worst sound. 
As the host hunt, the Woodland Hunt’s huntsman Pete Sanders was the first to begin. He was relatively new to foxhunting, but he gamely stepped to the forefront with a mischievous grin and raised his horn. I was spellbound by the sound and his long, mournful tone took me back to the magical morning memories – what an exceptional day. Ashley and I were star struck by him once again and we beamed at him. Everyone clapped their approval. 
Next was Big River Hounds’ huntsman and master, William Greene. Masters, I had learned, were the ones in charge of the hunt. Some huntsmen were masters and others were not. In this instance, William was both. He was a volunteer, not a professional, and lived on the hunt property with his wife and the pack in Memphis. He was retired and, although his wife did not ride, the couple dedicated all their time to the hunt. William had been raised with hounds and had been hunting all his life. 
He brought the horn up, inhaled deeply, and rang out the most beautifully melodic, slightly wavering tone I had ever heard. It filled the room and penetrated deep into my soul. Fabulous. I had never heard anything like it and could not imagine how that would sound with hounds. Someone mentioned that he would be hunting the hounds tomorrow, and I could not wait. 
He received a huge round of applause. William grinned and handed the horn to a boy about to explode at the chance to try his skills. For the next several minutes, we were punished with sad attempts to duplicate the huntsmen’s lovely notes. A few made successful… noises, but none were anywhere near music. 
“Here, Elliott, you try,” Ben said. 
“No way, Ben, thanks,” I had no intention of making a spectacle of myself in that way. 
“I’ll try,” Christopher said. He lifted the horn to his mouth, raised his chin, and blew with all his might. Nothing escaped, and his face, red and swollen, looked hilarious. 
“Excellent!” I said. “Looks like you’ll at least be getting a prize!” 
At last, the band started playing, and Ben whisked me toward the music. I liked the way he felt, so confident and strong, as he whirled me around laughing at my protests. Christopher had Ashley in his clutches, and she did not seem to mind too badly. At least here she was able to be closer to Ben. 
We danced until we could hardly stand. With Janice’s introductions, I met the masters, all the staff, most of the members, and danced with everyone so inclined at least three times. It was great that Ben did not care. He was having fun himself being pursued by Ashley and a pack of other girls. I was enjoying dancing and being admired in general… always nice to be a new face in the crowd. What a bunch. 
But no Griffen. He had vanished. 
At home, Ben walked me to the door and said goodnight without attempting a kiss. I was not entirely sure if that made me glad. I was entirely sure he intended to make me wonder. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 7 - Second Hunt

I remember her dancing light on the forehand, as we riders call it, beneath me as he passed. Viva had never done that. Was she upset by his passing, too, or could she feel what I felt in his glance? What kind of look comes from eyes so intent? Was it passion, anger, or amusement? 

It felt strange getting ready for a hunt on a Sunday morning. Mother and Daddy left for the early church service in hopes to meet us for brunch after the hunt. Mother wanted to see me in my outfit, and Daddy, well, he had really liked Saturday’s food and was hoping for more of the same. 
Viva positively glittered. She seemed to know what was happening and was anxious to get things started. She leapt into the trailer beside her new best friend, Blazer. 
“If we keep this up, Elliott, I’ll have to see if Robin will sell me this horse,” Ben said. 
“His name is Blazer,” I said, noticing that although Ben was a good rider, horses to him were a means to an end. 
We had had a great time the night before, but this morning Ben was all business. He made sure all the tack was clean, even mine, and that all our gear was packed. He triple checked that we had everything in order and exchanged the mild snaffle on Viva’s bridle for a broken kimberwicke. The bit would have a similar feel in her mouth but had the added benefit of a chain for extra leverage. 
“If she pulls a little more today, Elliott, don’t yank too hard on the reins,” he said. “She has not had time to adjust to the chain, so be especially careful. If for some reason she really hates this bit, we’ll put this one back on. I’ll keep it in my pocket just in case.” 
“Oh – so you’ll switch it out at a gallop or while she’s trying to toss me,” I said. “That I’d like to see! I think we should stick to the snaffle.” 
“She’ll be fine,” Ben said. 
I was not so sure. I thought she was just fine yesterday. And I don’t yank on the reins. I kept these thoughts to myself. 
We reached the fixture in plenty of time to groom the last bits of spooge from our horses’ feet and polish their coats. Ben somehow always looked perfect; whereas, all mud within a hundred yards clung to me. So far, I was clean, but riding behind Ben and Blazer would destroy that soon, I was sure. 
For me, yesterday’s intimidating formality was replaced by sizzling anticipation. Hounds were keyed up – today’s pack was the fast pack. I had learned the night before that they used this pack when all staff was “on” and they did not have to contend with so many guests. I was hoping not to be a hindrance, and was again glad to have Ben as my pilot – regardless of what it did to my face. Waterproof mascara was added to my list of hunting effects. 
“Good to see you two, today,” Janice said as she passed by us on the way to the hound trailer. “Come over and see the hounds if you like.” 
I couldn’t resist that invitation. 
“I’ll be right back, Ben,” I said. “We have plenty of time, don’t we?” 
“Five minutes – then come back,” he smiled. 
The hounds wistfully pointed their long noses through the trailer’s sides as they eagerly sniffed my hands. Wonderful, sloppy, hound kisses made me putty in their paws. Their long, mournful faces were so full of expression, and I could hardly wait to see them in action. 
As I looked around, I saw that most people were getting on their horses, so I made my way back to mine. 
“Here you go,” Ben said as he handed me Viva’s reins. “Need a leg up?” he leered. 
“You just keep your hands to yourself, sir,” I smiled. “I think I can manage.” 
“I love foxhunting,” he said as I made sure to put Viva’s body between us so he couldn’t ogle. It’s difficult for ladies to gracefully mount tall horses, regardless of their agility. 
I did not think it was possible, but today’s hunt was even more exhilarating than Saturday’s. Of course I would not admit it to Ben, but Viva was definitely easier to contain in her new bit. However, she wanted to explode every time the hounds struck a line. Ben and Blazer were, thankfully, an impenetrable wall. 
The footing was solid but slippery in places as we slipped and splashed after the pack. I still had no idea where I was, but it felt like our gallops were longer and straighter than those on Saturday. Viva was settling into her pace and not as frantic. We dodged limbs, climbed gullies, and this time, jumped logs that had fallen into the road. Today’s fixture had no coops, so Ben and I accepted the field master’s generous invitation to ride in first flight – right behind the huntsmen. I would appreciate later that this hunt really knew how to hook beginners. 
Yesterday, the featured hounds were the Woodland Hounds. Today, it was the Memphis pack’s turn. These hounds were pure Penn-Marydel and all looked like they stepped out of an English oil painting. Their long legs, ears, and noses were stately and elegant. 
Our field master, Eilene Watson, was also the Master of Foxhounds. She rode a lanky gray and for that and her ready smile, I was thankful. Today’s attire was ratcatcher, so I did not have the luxury of just avoiding red coats. Staff was not easily distinguishable from the field. The Master’s horse was unmistakable, and I knew that regardless of what happened, I was not to pass her. Viva’s enthusiasm had me worried, but not panicked. Ben kept us well behind Ms. Eilene and out of trouble…for the moment. 
A check, brief pause, then off again. The masses of horses pressed tightly through the thickly wooded trails this time, so spacing was difficult. As soon as we broke into the open, Ben moved to the side keeping us out of the melee. 
As we turned across the field, however, I felt Viva falter. In an instant, her neck disappeared, and my outstretched body was approaching the bright green winter wheat in slow motion. Suddenly, we were down. Viva’s foot struck next to my right hand. Then she somehow rolled over me and was gone. I felt nothing – must be the adrenaline. Everything was working – I think. 
In a flash, I jumped up and watched her gallop away with the field. Ben’s look of horror vanished when he saw me standing alone. He convinced Blazer to retrace his steps through the chaos and waved others to go on with the chase. 
“What happened, are you all right?” he asked with just the hint of a grin working the edges of his mouth. 
“Yes, I’m fine – what in the world is Viva doing?” I was more hurt that she left me than that I had hit the ground. 
“No way was she stopping with all that going on!” Ben laughed now that he knew I wasn’t hurt. “Come on, get up, and we’ll find the others, if you can stay on with all that mud all over you. We’ve got to get a picture of this! You’re plastered in mud, have branches in your hair, and scratches all over your face.” He was laughing uproariously now, and I was not amused. He reached for his iPhone and I glared at him. 
“Whatever!” I barked as Ben swung me up on Blazer’s broad backside. I wrapped my arms tightly around him being sure to get as much filth possible on his perfect clothes, saddle, and horse. If he’s enjoying this, his spotless clothes and saddle will have to pay. 
We turned the corner just in time to see Viva dashing across the wide-open field. I hope she trips...again. How will we ever catch her? Boy, though, is she magnificent! 
Then…they were with her – him/them again – stygian horse and rider closing in – flying along the fields as if in an accelerated ballet – a high performance dance in slow motion. He reached out and gathered her gently and effortlessly like this was rehearsed. Once they were beside her, she calmed. He flipped the reins over her head and led her back to us. 
“Thought you might be needing your mare,” he said to me in a low, and very pleasant voice as he handed Viva to Ben. 
“Thank you…?” Ben said expectantly. I was still clinging to Ben and trying to breathe…. 
“Griffen. Griffen Case,” he said. 
“Thanks, Griffen. Much more practical to follow the hounds one rider per horse,” Ben said with his good-natured smile. 
“Are you all right?” Griffen said, his green eyes meeting mine. An electric shock would have been less of a jolt compared to what his look was doing to my…everything. How could one person exude such presence? How is he causing so much…turmoil within me? Must be the damsel in distress syndrome – ridiculous – and watching him on that horse. Oh my. 
“Oh, yes. Thanks,” I said as casually as I could muster trying to remember to breathe and forget that this was the third time he’d seen me in a less-than-advantageous pose. 
With that same smirk he turned and disappeared from wherever he had materialized. I was beginning to think he was just mist. Or maybe smog. His untimely appearances and mysterious disappearances were not endearing him to me. My heart, though, kept leaping into my throat. Infuriating! 
Back at the hunt cabin Mother was scandalized at the state of her Harold’s tweed, and my appearance. The food was everything Daddy had hoped, and he feasted with Ben and the others. He and Ben wandered behind the cabin where they amused themselves learning about the hound tracker. This device was helping the huntsman determine which hounds were out and where they could likely be found. 
Outside, there was a commotion near the trailers. I ran to the porch and to my horror, saw Viva struggling in her hay net. I had thoughtlessly tied her too loose, and she had planted her foot through the net trapping her head and throwing her into a panic. 
Before I could react, Griffen was beside her – calming her – steadying her and drawing his knife. With one quick slice, she was free. She immediately took advantage of this by grabbing a mouthful of grass. He gently tightened the lead and secured her properly. 
In that same instant, I had flown to her side to check her legs. Satisfied there were no injuries, I stood. When I straightened, he was so close I could feel his warmth and smell the sun and something else, just him maybe, on his tweed jacket. 
He looked down and I met his gaze – green eyes sparkling with amusement again – and I glanced down to hide my impending blush. Why did I not even bother to get the mud off my face! 
He was most decidedly in the space. Jolts of electricity radiated from him and he was oh, so, very very close. I had never been in the presence of such…well, Grand would call it, danger. I felt threatened, but not like that. I just wanted to stay here – beside him – oh my. I waited for him to step back, but he stood. Time stopped, and I could feel the blood rushing to my head, tingles running down the back of my neck, my heart thumping to the crunch, crunch, crunch of Viva satisfying her appetite. 
“Lovely mare,” he said, his deep, silky voice captivating and so… so close. 
I had to look up. My chin rose on its own as I looked up and tried to calm my heart. Think of something else. I just stared at him. No words would come out. Say something! I blinked, and for a very brief moment, my head cleared. 
“I’m afraid we have not been properly introduced,” he said stepping back just enough…just enough for what I did not know. Oh, breathe. His stepping away helped…some. 
“I’m Griffen Case,” he nodded. 
Move. Blink. Think. 
He was looking at me with those piercing eyes. Where they laughing at me…still? 
“Yes, of course…I mean…thank you, Griffen…again,” I said as I recovered and extended my hand – Grand would be scandalized, no, she’d understand. “I’m Elliott Marks.” 
He removed his glove and took my hand into a perfect, and very man-to-woman handshake. His expression softened as he released me. 
“A pleasure to meet you, Elliott,” he said as he tipped his fedora. 
Did he really just do that? 
And then he was gone. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 8 - Opening Meet

We move as one. Through trees up hills over coops, she finds the way; I watch for game. The chase. We are a team, yet we are more than two when we are together. And there is nothing that satisfies me like spending the day with her and our hounds. 

November again. It had been one year since the Woodland Hunt’s magical Opening Meet. Same place, different location. 
I had long since gone off to college with Viva thanks to my dear Daddy and in to Janice’s world of hunting and studying and not that much more. My circle was different, much much more suited to me. I was elated with all in my life. 
Mother and Daddy were with my sisters at The Game (Mississippi State University v. Ole Miss), but I was again at Opening Meet. This time, it was outside of Memphis, Tennessee with the Big River Hounds. The Woodland Hunt in Mississippi was faring well, and I visited it on the rare occasions I went home. So far, that had only been twice since August.   
With a recommendation from the Woodland Hunt’s master, my enthusiasm, and Viva’s exceptional hunting abilities, I was quickly accepted as a student member and honored to serve as amateur (unpaid) whipper-in for Big River. 
This morning, I had already put tracking collars on the hounds and had finished helping William and the other staff with hound arrangements. Since my studies had me swamped, I had not been involved in setting up the festivities. Lydia Wright, one of the other whippers-in, had already reminded me that I had not contributed my share and had loaded on plenty more for me to handle today. Between the sorority pecking order and this, would these women ever leave me alone? 
The other whippers-in for Big River were friendly, even welcoming. I was certain they were glad to have help, and I loved anything to do with hounds. We had a pretty regular bunch, so the workload each weekend was not too stressful. We hunted only on Saturdays, with the exception of course, of this weekend and a few other Saturday/Sunday back-to-backs when we either traveled to other hunts or hosted them here. Stephen Smith, Susan Waters, Bo Whittington, and Bob Allen were not only excellent riders but also knew the country well and all the hounds by name and voice. I was still working on the hounds’ voices, but I knew all of them by name. 
Lydia, however, was another story. She, too, knew her hounds and the country, but no matter what I did, she did not like me. She was a successful real estate agent and a drop-dead gorgeous leggy blonde. She moved like a cheetah and for some reason, I was her gazelle. I did what I could to stay out of her way and could not possibly understand what threat I posed to someone like her. 
Viva and I were to cover the north side, which meant to make sure the hounds did not leave the boundaries of the hunt, were turned safely away from roads, and were on correct game. Correct game was fox, of course, coyote, which was more likely, and bobcat, my personal favorite. No one had seen wolves for decades, but sightings of panthers were becoming more common in areas not too far from this fixture, or hunt location. 
The game was the chase – to see how long and how hard we could ride until the quarry either got away, most common, climbed a tree, occasionally, went to ground, more often, or climbed into a safe spot – barn, culvert, and some occasions, an abandoned car or a landowner’s azaleas. Never was the day the same. 
Today the stakes were high, for me. Many of the regular whippers-in had to serve double-duty as field-masters or ride with guests. Opening Meet, I had learned since last year, was a pain. It was a fund-raiser, sure, but rarely was it a good hunting day. Last year, I was so dazed with the sport it did not matter. Not much had changed, for me, and I was just glad to be here. Nevertheless, I hoped I did not make any mistakes. 
I wandered over to the tents mostly to see the spectacle rather than eat. Food never was appetizing to me before the hunt, too many butterflies. 
Like the previous year’s pageant, this spread was over-the-top. Separate tents contained silent auction items, photo displays of past hunts, an art auction tent, and food food food everywhere. 
Today’s host home was a grand old stone mansion overlooking a lake. The giant lawn was perfect for the Blessing, and the owners had pulled out all the stops for the occasion. Flowers exploded from boxes and beds. All we needed was a little misty rain and it would   have looked and felt just like England. 
“Over here, Elliott,” Ashley said. 
“You did a fabulous job with the art tent and the music,” I said. “That is a nice touch.” 
“Thanks,” she said. “Have you seen Ben? He was just here.” 
“No, but he may have gone to check his horse and make sure he’s still braided,” I said. 
“He’s got one of the barn girls handling that for him,” Ashley said. “Are you coming to the party tonight?” 
“I plan to,” I said. “You?” 
“Of course! You know I don’t miss a party,” she smiled. 
“Leslie wants to come with me, so I’ll see you there. She wants to meet these cute foxhunters we keep talking about,” I smiled. 
“I think Christopher is coming up tonight to hunt tomorrow with us. Maybe they can go together. She’d probably like him. Why don’t you set that up? She better stay away from Ben or I’ll smack her,” Ashley said. 
“Christopher and Leslie sound like a good possibility. Don’t worry about Ben, you know you’ve got him wrapped, silly. I don’t know why you bother to voice such a threat,” I smiled at her. 
“Yeah, whatever,” she said, eyes narrowing. “I’m not as sure about that as you, yet. I’d feel better if you’d find something more interesting to you than your horse and those hounds…as long as it’s not Ben.” 
“Stop sounding like my mother,” I said, getting up to leave. 
I had not told her about Griffen and she never suspected. Why would she? Why would anyone? It was a moment, a few all too brief moments, a year ago. I had felt him like I’d never felt anyone, but he probably had that effect on all girls. I’m sure that is why Janice Black had been able to fill me in so well about him last year. No matter. I had long since put him out of my mind. 
But…my reaction to him was never far from my mind and of all the great guys I had met in college, none had moved me like that. No comparison. Mother assured me that was normal. But was it? Was I just holding out for something purely physical? That would be entirely too shallow. 
I had met no guys that held any interest to me – physically, mentally – nothing. If anyone could have, it should have been and probably should be Ben. Ashley knew it, too. She could feel it. That’s why she wanted me attached. She’s a good friend, but she’s still Ashley. 
Ben had sensed that I was a hopeless cause and had not pursued anything else in our direction, but I never gave him much incentive to try, either. Ashley liked to give me details on what a great kisser he was. Even though I knew why he never worked really hard any more to get my attention, my pride was somewhat hurt that he stopped trying. 
Christopher finally backed off from Ashley when Ben stepped in and we dated a little, but no sparks there, either. I could not get the image of him slouching on a horse out of my mind. And all through these fun months of parties at Ole Miss – lots of dates – great guys – but no fireworks. Viva still held more interest for me than they did. 
“Radio check, Elliott?” William said, and I was thankfully snapped back from my musings about boys, or the lack thereof, for me. 
“10-4, sir,” I affirmed. 
“Let’s get these hounds out and head over to the blessing,” he said. 
I stood by the trailer and released them when he gave the signal. The other whippers-in flanked him surrounding and containing them in a tight bundle. There were only four today, as others were assisting in the field. As they approached the crowd, I heard gasps of admiration. 
We kept them quiet as the priest recited the Blessing of the Hounds. All around heads were bowed in respect and honor of the magical, timeless, words. The priest not only blessed the hounds, his prayer encompassed more than them alone. It included all animals and people involved in the hunt. I had learned in the past year that the tradition dated back to the Eighth Century and to celebrations associated with St. Hubert. Hunters in England popularized this annual, fall celebration and brought the custom to the colonies in the Seventeenth Century. 
Once the priest had completed his part, volunteers passed the sherry and apple juice for libations among the field. We all partook, the horses pranced in anticipation, and we prepared to start the hunt. 
I glanced around to see if there were any willing and able riders in the field to accompany Viva and me. Seeing no potential partners that were not otherwise indisposed with guests, I started for the north end. My position was far from the crowd, so Viva and I were instructed to leave ahead of the others after the blessing. 
I nodded to Ben as he assembled his group of first flight riders. Ashley was safely ensconced on a mule drawn tally-ho hay wagon where she was much happier. I knew she and Ben were well on their way to being a real couple even if she still doubted it. He would not be able to resist her for much longer, I was sure. Although she did not hunt, she came to all the parties and this one, of course, was the party weekend of all. 
Viva floated beneath me, and I relished the feeling. Effortlessly I guided her wherever we needed to go mostly with my legs. Since we no longer rode with the field, she was much easier to manage. We moved as one and rarely did I ever have to use my reins. If I sat back, she slowed or gathered her stride – whichever the situation warranted. To increase our speed, we moved forward – together – no real signals required. It was the closest thing I could imagine to having a personal pair of wings…or a jet pack…and it was breathtaking. Tony Stark went to a lot of trouble to create something that, I am sure, felt much like this. He’s probably scared of horses…He’s a cartoon character! I chided myself and laughed out loud. 
November in Memphis was anyone’s guess as far as temperature. This day was unseasonably warm, and my black wool jacket was really getting uncomfortable as we moved off. Nonetheless, Southern girls certainly know that looks are everything and would not dream of comfort over elegance. Viva, with her black mane and tail braided and first clip of the year making her look powder-white, looked spectacular. 
I heard the hounds south of me give voice, or speak, on something. 
“Going north,” William said. 
That’s us! We’d better pick up the pace! 
Viva surged beneath me as we headed to my favorite corner of the property…the coop/ditch/coop. We galloped to the corner of the pasture where a solid, wooden panel, or coop, was built over the barbed-wire fence. Viva lifted us over and clear as we dropped down the ditch and up the other side. Two strides later we were up and over the second coop when Viva was replaced with a branch. 
I hit the ground with a solid thwamp, but the ground was soft enough that it just surprised me. Already filthy and not even five minutes into the hunt. I could already hear Mother’s dismay. A tree had fallen into the path just high enough for Viva to run beneath and sweep me off like the bad guy in cowboy movies. At least it had not been at neck level. 
There was no time to shudder at that thought, for I realized my radio was gone. Viva, much more accustomed to her assignment now, waited patiently for me to reorganize. 
“Good girl,” I said as I secured her reins through her breastplate at the snap so she would not step on them. After the embarrassing incident last year when I fell and Viva ran away, I had spent a lot of time training her to stay put, even when she wasn’t tied. For good measure, though, I looped my belt around her forelegs into makeshift hobbles in case she gave more thought to grazing or decided to leave me. I would be mortified if we had to go look for her at Opening Meet. 
Looking all around the tree, I saw nothing. The lack of radio chatter made me fear the worst, and I walked back toward the ditch. There, I saw with horror, was the antenna sticking out from under the water. That’s going to be an expensive “oops.” 
No sooner had I seen the radio than I heard the hounds – approaching fast. They were getting closer, and I was not nearly in position. 
Without giving the warm temperature another thought, I leapt down the twenty-foot drop, grabbing branches to break my fall, reached for the radio, and was hit in my left hand by what felt like a bat. Pain shot up my arm like a thousand hornets. 
“Snake!” I shrieked in my mind, for I was too horrified to scream. Nothing would come out of my mouth. I couldn’t catch my breath. 
How could I have been so careless? The steep, slippery bank gave no purchase for an easy escape, so I held my hand up and tried to roll away. Again, I felt it thump against me, but thankfully, it had hit my boot. I didn’t feel any pain there as I rolled along the bank, kicking, and slipping trying desperately to put as much distance as possible between us. I tried again to climb back up the bank, but it was too steep, and I was feeling dizzy. Stop thrashing – what if there were more? Where did it go? 
Lie back. Stay calm. 
I knew my heart was pumping the poison deeper into my body and all my well-intentioned calm breathing was forgotten in more fruitless attempts to escape. My head started spinning, and I knew I needed to settle down, calm down, so I could think. 
I removed my thin crochet backed leather gloves and saw the angry holes in my hand. Seeing the bites was almost too much, and I was nearly overcome with nausea. Do I try to suck out the poison? I don’t remember any of my first aid. What if I die in this ditch? Just lie back and think. 
It hit me again on the foot! Another one! The same one still coming after me? 
I rolled away forgetting about being calm now, just blinding panic trying to get away from it, but what if there were more? They don’t chase people, do they? No more calm - got to get out! 
“Elliott!” I heard someone shout. 
“Help! Snake! Here! I keep slipping!” I screamed. 
A horse approached…I heard gunfire. Someone grabbed my shoulders, and I felt myself being lifted. 
“My hand,” I said. 
And everything went blank. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 9 - Heart Monitor

Lifting, flying, the wind in our faces. Over and up and down the bank and up and over the other side. My favorite jump. Flying and floating and diving like swallows, the smell of November, hounds in full cry. 

I woke up. Naked. Well, almost. Hospital gown. Hope it’s buttoned. Monitors on my chest and left arm. Needle attached to a drip in my right hand. How did I get here? 
I could see people, nurses, standing around, not looking at me. All in all, not a very private place – and so very bright. There was someone else, in muddy riding clothes, someone who looked familiar talking in low tones to a person who looked like a nurse. 
“Griffen?” I said. Not believing my eyes. Oh my. This has to be the most embarrassing thing in my life. In the world. 
“Elliott, you’re back!” he smiled. He covered the distance between us in three long, graceful strides. My stomach constricted when I saw his relief. Had I caused him to worry? 
“Where’s Viva?” I asked, my ordinary question seeming to give him tremendous pleasure. 
“Ben and Ashley took her home. She’s fine,” he said like we were long lost friends. “They brought your cell phone and already talked to your mother,” he added before I could form the questions. 
“My…clothes?” 
“Right over there,” he said and it was his turn to blush. 
Oh my. Very uncomfortable silence. Very very uncomfortable. I wanted the room to swallow me… 
He cleared his throat a little, sensing the tension – some kind of tension – between us. “I told them that if they had to cut off your boots, to stay in the stitches,” he said, with a hint of satisfaction. 
“Why?” was all I could think to ask. 
“Well,” he said, not pleased at having to explain what he perceived I would think as brilliance, “if they cut along the seams, you could have zippers placed in them and still wear them. They looked like they were custom made to me…and I didn’t think you’d want them sliced apart.” 
“Oh, thanks,” is all I could think to say. That was brilliant. It would not do to have to replace a radio and my boots. This little incident was getting more expensive by the minute. 
“Your phone,” he said and handed it to me. “It was in the pocket of your hunt coat. Ashley is in the waiting room, and she’ll want to hear from you. And, your mother.” 
“Thanks,” I said. And he left. 
“Wait just a minute,” I said. He was not getting off that easy this time, just vanishing, again. 
“Yes?” he said. 
“What happened?” I asked. 
He walked over to my bed and sat very close. I could feel him through the thin hospital gown. The heart monitor started beating louder and, of course, faster. Could this get more embarrassing? I hoped by looking angry the machine would not reveal my thoughts. 
He ignored the monitor and looked away for a minute gauging his thoughts. Then he returned my gaze. “I knew you were covering the north side…I heard William telling everyone where to go. When I got there, I saw Viva and the branch and thought…well, it was obvious you weren’t on your horse.” 
Why ever does that monitor have to be so loud? He remembered my horse’s name. I kept my gaze stern and let him continue. 
“I called your name and heard you scream,” he said looking away. “When I found you and saw the snake it all happened so fast. I had to get you out of there and make sure there were not others. You were so far down in that ditch. You said something about your hand, but there was no way of knowing if you had been bitten more than once because, well, you passed out,” he said. 
By this time, he was off my bed and pacing the room. “It seemed to take forever to get you here, and you never stirred. I had tied my stock tie around your wrist hoping to stop the spread of the poison, but I didn’t know if you had other bites. When you were in my truck I tried to suck the poison from your hand, but I had no way of knowing how much damage had been done,” he stopped abruptly, anger and frustration knitting his lovely brow making his green eyes glow in the strange hospital light. 
He had walked back over and sat on my bed. I could not believe I had missed the part about his mouth on my hand! Where was I when he was… carrying me? As in, in his arms? The monitor picked up its pace, so I kept glaring. 
“What about my clothes?” I said keeping the stormy look on my face as best as I could, trying to salvage some dignity. 
“We, I mean, the hospital staff, had to see if you had any more bites,” he said looking away. It was his turn to blush…again. This was magnificent. 
“Excuse me, ma’am, we need some information,” the nurse said. “Doctor Vaughn will be here to check on you shortly, but we need some information first.” 
Griffen looked at me for a minute, then left. Good Lord, those eyes again. I reluctantly made the calls knowing this would invite intruders, and I really wanted to be alone, even in this state, with him. Mother, of course, was on her way with Daddy. Ben had already called them. They’d left the game and should arrive at any time. 
Ashley and Ben appeared with food, but the nurse told them to leave it by the bed. No food yet for me. Ashley couldn’t look at my swollen hand. Griffen had obviously met everyone while I was missing all the fun. Ashley’s eyes held lots of questions that couldn’t be answered in front of Ben. She really is a good friend; I should keep that in mind. 
“Do you need anything Elliott? We can stay as long as you like,” she asked. 
“Ben, could you excuse us for a minute?” I asked. “I need some girl time.” 
“Sure. I’ll be in the waiting room, Ashley,” he said. 
“Oh, and Ben, thanks for taking care of Viva,” I said. 
“Any time,” he smiled and left the room. Nothing like mentioning girl time to clear the premises. 
“Where’s Griffen?” I asked. 
 “I don’t know, but I’m sure he’s not far,” Ashley said. “He’s been pacing and barking orders and seems to be worried sick over you, or agitated, or something. Who is he and what exactly happened? He won’t tell us anything except you fell of your horse and a snake bit you. Ben doesn’t know whether to punch him or thank him, and frankly, neither do I.” 
“I’ll explain everything later, I promise,” I said. “Just make sure I look presentable without making it look like I care.” 
Ashley was loving this. She presented me with a compact, but she had to make the adjustments to my pale and disheveled appearance since my left hand was strapped to monitors and my right impaled with a drip. She worked on my face with her lipstick and powder, then rearranged my hair. 
“Do you want a hat or something? I probably have one in the car,” she said. 
“No, just make do with what’s there,” I said. “How long have I been out?” I asked. 
“About an hour,” she said. 
“An hour! Hurry, go on and leave – Mother will be here any minute, and I won’t have any more time to talk to Griffen. Go!” I hissed. “Thank you so much! I’ll call you later!” 
The doctor came in and told me to stay calm and that they were watching my hand carefully. So far, it looked like I had a good dose of venom in me, but not enough to cause serious problems. He had administered one vial of antivenin as a precaution since my hand and arm had swollen significantly and that I had passed out. As long as the swelling stabilized, he said that he would not have to give me another dose and that I should be able to go home within a few hours. 
Griffen, apparently seeing that I was not as angry and hearing my heart monitor return to normal, reappeared. He seemed not quite so brooding, and his face was relaxed. 
“Did you call your mother?” he asked briskly. He sounded like he was ticking off a mental checklist of what needed to be arranged now that I was awake. 
“Yes,” I said. 
“Do you want me to leave?” he asked. 
“No.” 
He was somewhat encouraged by my flat answer and approached my bed again. I made an effort to remain calm. The heart monitor beat steadily. 
“Elliott,” he said softly and leaned in closer to my face. Calm, stay calm. 
“Mmm?” I said as I looked into those eyes. My stomach lurched, and I felt like I was free falling. 
“I’m really glad you weren’t hurt, worse,” he said. His deep-set brow was full of concern, as he brushed a strand of hair from my face. His touch made the heart monitor rock the charts, and we both jumped at the noise. 
“Elliott! Dear! Oh, I’m so glad you’re all right!” Mother exploded into the room ignoring the one guest limit, of course. 
I blinked to get my eyes back into focus. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 10 - A Note

The hounds are coming – where is the fox? In perfect position – distant cries, Rufus, Sounder, Trooper, voices blending in the choir but as distinct as soloists. 

Of course Mother and Daddy took over. Once they had me back at the dorm and settled, they at last admitted I was not going to die and left me to sleep. Leslie, my roommate, promised to check on me every so often in the night, mostly to allow my parents to leave. 
“You ok now?” Leslie asked. 
“Yes, I’m just really tired,” I said, not wanting to talk. 
She fluffed her navy pillows and built her reading fortress. She was in the middle of another Winston Graham novel, her most recent favorite author, and I was glad not to have to talk about the afternoon with her, or anyone, just yet. I wanted to lie here in my covers and think about how Griffen felt when he was so very close to me. 
Our dorm room was piled with books, CD’s, pictures of ourselves with various dates in fun places and loaded down with clutter. Of course, everything matched perfectly, but neither of us was particularly interested in taking the time to keep things neat. Clean, but not neat. 
I had lots of leather strewn around with the intentions of cleaning it someday and Leslie had clothes clothes clothes everywhere. She was much like my sisters and, although we did not share many interests, we liked the same books and music. Leslie had enjoyed our foxhunting parties, but was definitely not a rider. For the social part, however, she was always game. She had cancelled her plans for the evening so my parents would go home. That was so thoughtful of her. 
I wanted to tell her about Griffen, but what was I going to say? Where did he come from and why was I so weak and stupid to pass out when someone like him of all people was hauling me out of a ditch I couldn’t even climb by myself? How did he get me to the hospital? Why oh why had I not been awake? And why did my mother have to come in the room just when he was about to…to what? Oh, I don’t know – he was so close and so gorgeous. At last! Someone has started my heart. He’s probably a jerk – but would a jerk go to all that trouble to rescue someone they hardly knew? I’ll just sit here and think about him – so sleepy. And only 8:00 at night. 
My cell phone buzzed – unknown 615 number. 
“Hello?” I said. 
“Elliott, this is Griffen,” he said. Oh my. That voice. Breathe, remain calm. 
“Hello Griffen. I’m sorry my parents sort of, well, took over,” I said. “I didn’t get a chance to thank you.” 
“You don’t need to thank me, but, you’re welcome,” he said. “How are you feeling?” 
“Tired, but otherwise fine. My hand still looks funny – I don’t think I’ll be able to text for a while,” I said. Not really knowing what to say to him and prattling away at whatever came to mind. 
“Ok. Well, I’m glad you survived,” he said with a distinct smile in his voice. I so liked that voice. “The doctor said you should rest, so I’ll let you go. Bye Elliott,” he said. 
“Bye.” 
The line disconnected. Gone. 
What was that about? Why on earth did he call if he was just going to hang up on me? 
I resisted every raging urge in my body to dial back that number, but Southernmother training overruled. Never, never, never call boys. Never. But?… “Never!” – I could hear Grand’s voice and even see her peering at me with her black eyes. 
“Who was that?” Leslie asked. No secrets in the dorm. 
“Oh, just one of the foxhunters calling to check on me,” I said as casually as possible. 
“Ben’s called twice. He didn’t want to bother you on your cell in case you needed to sleep,” she said. 
“Thanks, Leslie,” I said. Sleep. That’s what I wanted right now. I was so tired and frustrated and just worn out trying to figure out Griffen. Nice, then not – distant, close, but always reserved. What was up with him? He must know nothing about personal space and the signals he’s radiating – if he did, then why is he not…acting on them? 
Maybe he’s not feeling what I’m feeling – he must have heart problems, too, like I do, or rather, did. Poor guy. Poor guy? I don’t even know who he is. Well, I intended to use all my resources to find out, he’s way to…gorgeous… for me to trifle with not knowing anything about him, but it would have to wait. I laid my head back on the soft pillows, remembered how he looked on that black horse and let the blankets pull me to sleep. 
~~~
Sunday morning I woke with a start at 6:00. My arm ached a little, and my hand still looked like a boxing glove. Otherwise, though, I felt fine. I wrote Leslie a note telling her where I was going and left quietly before she could hear me stir and trap me in the dorm. 
My truck was where it always was. Thank you, Ben. I’m sure he took care of that. I made the thirty minute drive to the barn feeling no worse for having had a near-death experience merely hours before. The winding gravel road took me through a pine thicket that soon opened up into a honey golden tunnel of hickory trees that led to the barn. This time of year, they were breathtaking, and I paused a moment to admire their splendor. 
Viva was in the pasture, so I whistled. She picked up her head and trotted happily to me. Food or love? Who knows? I always came prepared with both. She greedily reached for the baby carrot I proffered while I rubbed her behind her soft ears. She was clean-shaven for the festivities, so her usual little black whiskers were gone. Her dainty nose nudged my hand while her delicate lips made sure no more treats remained. Her smell surrounded me, and I relaxed just being near her. 
Slipping the halter over her ears, I led her to the barn. Yesterday’s braids had been removed. Another thanks to Ben, I’m sure. Ashley really has herself a catch. He thinks of everything, and she’d better appreciate that. I’ll kill her if she hurts him, even though she, too, is my friend. I don’t think she knows what a treasure she has in him. Silly, she probably knows better than I. What do I really know about guys? 
Viva was filthy, so I gave her a quick hot bath in the concrete wash stall and toweled her dry. The weather was still warm, but I hated her to be blown too much in the trailer. I tacked her up at the barn – better for ensuring I did not forget anything – and headed to the meet. Ben and Blazer had already left. No one would be expecting me to return so soon after yesterday’s incident. 
As I drove to Collierville, I could tell I was not yet at 100%. No matter, I could enjoy riding in second flight today and taking it easy. I’m sure William would understand. The thought of hearing the hounds even from a distance was certainly reason enough to get up and try. And maybe, Griffen would hunt today. After all, he hunted for both Opening Meet days in Mississippi last season. I could only hope. 
When I pulled into the lot, all of the staff spots and most of the good spaces were taken. I was so used to arriving early to help with hounds, that it was strange to have to find a place to park. Even in the mud, my truck and trailer were easy to maneuver, and I found a spot near Ben and Blazer. 
“Well, good morning,” Ben smiled. “I see you’re back among the living. How do you feel?” 
“Fine, just still a little tired. I’ll ride with second flight today and enjoy being here,” I said. 
“Good idea,” he agreed. “Glad to see you. I can take care of your horse for you later at the barn if you’re not up to it. Just let me know.” 
“I’m sure I’ll owe you big for all this!” I grinned. “Thanks for taking care of her, Ben.” 
“You’d do the same for my horse,” he said. “And don’t think I’m so good, I just tipped the stable kids a little extra.” 
“Still, Ben. The thought matters however you get it done,” I smiled. 
Viva stepped carefully out of the trailer, and I secured her to the side. One last swish of Show Sheen on her legs to help keep the mud at bay, and I was up and off – albeit a little less enthusiastically having to still nurse my left hand. Ben had gone to gather first flight, so Viva and I made our way to second flight. My heart skipped a beat when I saw the black horse tied to a trailer – no rider. 
So he is here. There’s no mistaking that horse. His mane and tail were long and wavy from being braided the day before, but it was well groomed and his tack gleamed. I could tell that Griffen took great pride in his horse for he was jet black, the most difficult color to keep that way. He either kept the horse up all the time in a stall or blanketed him, or had people take care of that for him. Either way – high maintenance. From the looks of his really nice truck and trailer, he either had money or just spent it like he did. 
I joined the others – no Griffen in sight. I was sure he was busy with the pack. The rest of the staff appeared, including Lydia, who glared at me, I am sure, for not being here early enough to help. I ignored her. 
William had us bow our heads for a brief blessing that ended with “Go in Peace – Return in Safety.” This was another of my favorite parts of hunting – always remembering who created this and allows it all to happen. I was delighted I’d come and admired the scenery as William and the pack trotted by, looking ever the picture of perfection. I eagerly looked for my vision – he was certain to follow shortly, and he did. 
He and his horse were shimmering. The blue-black sheen in the horse’s coat rippled as Griffen lightly used his reins and seat to contain him. They were an impressive sight, and I tried to compose myself and look interested, but aloof, as he passed. Working up as much poise and charm as possible, I lifted my chin and eyebrows to acknowledge his passing. 
The look he gave me registered something much more than simple disapproval of my outing. He nodded slightly with his jaw clenched and turned his attention back to the pack. His gaze was so cold, I shuddered from…fear. If I’d not known better, I would have thought I’d done something to really anger him. 
What in the world was that? Did my being here make him that angry? How dare he think he can tell me when and where I could and couldn’t be at my own hunt! 
Viva pulled toward the hounds, but checked easily enough as I pointed her to second flight. Reluctantly, she acquiesced and slid into the crowd. 
“Glad to have you with us, today, Elliott,” Jane Rings, the field master said. “How’s the hand?” 
“Other than looking like a blowfish appendage, it’s fine,” I said, trying hard to control my tongue and not snap at innocents in spite of the anger and…disappointment that had exploded so quickly to the surface at Griffen’s reaction. 
A fractious little bay swung her quarters near and threatened to kick as we tried to merge into second flight. 
“Watch yourself, Missy!” a sharp female voice barked. 
With increasing difficulty, I held my tongue as I rearranged positions to give the mare a wide berth. Often new and not so new to hunting riders were over mounted and they often verbally bit the heads off innocents – their universal manner of dealing with trepidation. We call them hunting “harpies” and I had rarely encountered them while riding as staff. However, I was not staff today, so there was no deferring to Viva and me. I’d make a note to watch that one. 
Today’s hunt attire was ratcatcher, and the muted tones blended beautifully with the gold, orange, and red autumn leaves. Horses were sleek in their fall turnout as well – coats glistening, and the ones who were clipped shimmering in the November light…another beautiful day in the field. The scenery and Viva’s rhythmic trotting calmed me. I willed myself to focus on what I could of the hounds from this position hoping to smother all thoughts of Griffen’s strange reaction. 
Hounds struck and we were off – a little less recklessly today for me, but I was soon splattered with mud from Jane’s horse. Glorious! Hounds were circling circling back and around and Jane had us in a perfect position to view the drama. 
Out leapt an enormous buck – covering the clearing in a few graceful bounds. I watched him as he vanished in the woods – pale antlers gleaming in the morning light. One young hound trailed him with some uncertain yips – hard to resist one so close – and the snap of a whip and bark of the nearby whipper-in set him straight. 
Griffen. My hand pulsed where his lips had tried to keep the poison from getting too far into my system. The only part of my body that had touched his lips – acting foolishly of its own accord. Stop this! 
The rest of the pack rallied and focused on something down in the ravine. I tried to do the same. What hounds were those? Gypsy I think – maybe they’re on a bobcat. 
Galloping, flying around the woods to get in position to view the other side – Jane was great at making sure her group saw game. She had a sixth sense about bobcats, and I was so glad to be with her today. We circled and stopped, horses panting more from excitement than exertion. Viva’s heart thumping regularly – such a comfort to me – and her ears twitching flicking – taking it all in. 
~~~
Jane’s radio cracked, but she had it turned down to keep from disturbing the atmosphere and the game. We were hoping to see whatever they were chasing come out of the cover at any moment. 
“Elliott, William is missing a hound and he thinks it may be near where we are. Would you mind checking that covert and let me know what you see?” Jane asked. 
“Sure Jane, I’ll take a look,” I said, thankful for the diversion. In foxhunting terms, covert is pronounced, “cover,” and it means a place where the chased may be hiding, such as the woods. “I have my cell phone with me, so you can go on. I’ll find you later.” 
As I trotted near the covert I heard Spice in the ravine below. She was in trouble – her voice had the low mournful lost hound sound. 
“Sweet Spice, it’s ok. I’m here,” I said. 
She was down in a ravine on her side and looked up when she heard my voice, but didn’t try to rise. I looped Viva’s reins over a sapling, checked carefully for snakes, and slid down the bank to her. She was breathing regularly and all looked well, until I saw her front leg. Her forearm was bent at an unnatural angle. 
“Hold on, Spice, it’s going to be ok,” I patted her smooth coat. I certainly could not lift her, so I pulled out my cell phone to call for some help. Before I could fumble the phone from my jacket with my catcher’s mitt, a horse approached. 
Griffen. He frowned down at me, and I wasn’t sure I wouldn’t have rather been approached by a snake. His face disappeared, no doubt finding a place to tie his horse, so I had a minute to think. My hand started throbbing again. 
“What are you doing here?” he growled. 
So much for the minute. “Taking care of this hound,” I said through my teeth. And getting angrier by the second. 
He slid down the bank in one lithe movement. The air was getting thin again. 
“I mean, here, Elliott, today,” he continued in a not so silken voice. 
“Hunting, Griffen. This is my hunt you know.” 
“What about twenty-four hours? You were specifically told to rest twenty-four hours,” he said getting ever so much closer to me. 
My hand was pounding and my heart was following suit. 
“I’m in second flight,” I argued. 
“Yes, I can see that,” he snapped, sarcasm dripping from his remark. 
I fumbled for my phone feeling ridiculously inelegant with my swollen, errant hand. 
“What are you doing now?” he asked. His voice less angry, just exasperated. 
“Calling for help,” I said, attempting to regain some control over this situation. 
“I can handle this,” he said as he turned to examine Spice. He loosened his tie and wrapped it gently around her muzzle and neck. His fingers explored her sleek side and rested on the injured foreleg. Spice relaxed visibly at his touch. 
I, on the other hand, thought it was good that we were sitting in the ravine. Loosening his tie drew my attention to a perfectly formed chest that had supported my unconscious body just hours before. It seemed like my body hadn’t forgotten. Hand throbbing again. Stop this now! 
Focusing on the hound seemed to have calmed him, and his next words were much softer. 
“Let’s get her back to the trailers,” he said after radioing to William about her condition. 
We scrambled up the bank protecting Spice from branches. Griffen cradled her like a kitten; she never whimpered. He lifted her on his horse’s back over the pommel of his saddle. I was astonished that his horse never stopped grazing. Viva, I was sure, would have bolted for the barn had I flung a predator over her shoulders. 
I turned to get Viva’s reins, but a hand on my shoulder stopped me. His light touch surprised me and felt almost like a blow. I did what I could to remain composed…and to keep breathing. 
He looked directly at me, green eyes much softer now. With his free hand, he brushed a clump of mud from my cheek. 
“Dirt becomes you, Elliott,” he smiled, eyes sparkling and leapt upon his horse. 
We rode for a moment in silence. My heart and hand were now throbbing uncontrollably. I started to get angry again. 
“So Griffen,” I began, focusing hard to breathe regularly. “You speak to me only when I’m in dire straits, covered in mud, or, basically helpless and ridiculous. Otherwise, it’s the cold shoulder. Why?” 
I regretted the question as soon as it flew out. Too late – no chance to recall the bullets. 
He didn’t speak for a moment, just kept his eyes on Spice and rode quietly ahead. I noticed he wasn’t using his reins, just guiding his horse with his legs. Amazing. He and that horse are like one entity. So perfect, so complete. I’ve never seen anything like that – except in movies. But his silence was deafening. Why did I have to blurt out my feelings to him of all people? 
“Elliott, I’ve not been fair to you, you’re right,” he said. 
Unexpected. I wanted him to fight, not agree. This time I kept my mouth shut and clenched my left hand to keep it from throbbing. 
“You really do look good covered in mud,” he laughed – all tension gone. 
So strange and sudden, but I was relieved nonetheless. 
“So, what’s your horse’s name?” I asked trying to distance myself from my outburst and understand what was going on behind that magnificent face. 
“Jet,” he said, and the lines around his jaw vanished. 
“What’s his story?” I asked. 
Lines crept back into his face and I feared for a moment I had once again gone too far. 
“My uncle gave him to me after my Mom…my parents…died,” he said. “I was 15 and needed something…something to do, a project. So, he bought me a yearling and a puppy told me to raise them.” 
“He’s beautiful,” I said. 
“He was just the right thing for me, especially then,” he said. “How long have you been riding?” he asked, deftly switching the topic from him back to me, I noticed. Touché. 
“Two years,” I said. 
“Two years?” he truly sounded surprised at that. “Yes, why, is it that obvious?” I said. 
“No, I mean, you’re really good,” he said. My hand started throbbing again – stop that. “You and Viva have only been doing this for two years and you ride better than anyone I’ve ever seen.” 
How does he know just what to say to a girl? “Better watch this one!” Grand was saying and pointing her finger at me. 
“You’re too kind, Griffen. You seem to find me at the worst possible moments to be saying things like that,” I said. 
“What do you mean by that?” he smiled. 
“Well, every time I see you I’m covered with mud wallowing around in ditches,” I laughed. 
“That’s not the only time I see you,” he said. 
When has he seen me? I never see him. What does he mean by that? He’s making me blush again. 
“Tell me about your uncle,” I said, remembering, with difficulty, my mission. 
“He spends a lot of time in the woods,” Griffen said. “And lucky for me, he took me with him.” 
“The woods?” I asked. 
“He hunts, that’s his real passion,” he said. 
“What about your aunt?” I asked. 
“She died years ago, and he never remarried,” he said. “He’s retired now and spends most of his time in the Delta. Both of their kids, my cousins, were almost grown when he adopted me.” 
“Is there a lot of hunting in the Delta?” I asked. 
“Oh yes, the best,” he smiled. “Ducks, deer, turkeys, doves, hogs, you name it.” 
“So, you like to do those things, too?” I said, not sure of where this conversation would go, but glad we were finally having a conversation and that I’d directed it back to him. 
“I do, even though I don’t spend as much time with him since I started foxhunting,” he said. “This takes up so much of my time.” 
“I know all about that,” I said, glad to return to something I understood. 
We were nearly back at the trailers, and I thought quickly of what Mother would need to know to check him out. 
“What are you studying in school?” I asked. 
“English is my major, but I’m not sure what I’ll do after that. More school, but I don’t know what field,” he said. 
“Is that what your uncle studied?” I asked. 
“Yes. He was trained as an attorney but ended up in seminary, then invested in some really successful businesses and hunts all he wants now,” Griffen smiled. “It’s made it easy for him to help me, and I’m eternally grateful. He wants me to get graduate work done in some field. He’s a big believer in education.” 
“So, will you see him over the holidays?” I asked. 
“Some,” he said. “I’m, usually gone for most of the break.” 
“Foxhunting?” I asked. 
“No, South America,” he said. “To help a friend with one of his projects. Take Jet and tie him to my trailer, over there. I’ll take care of Spice.” 
We were back at the trailers now, so he handed me his horse, and I walked him to his trailer. Jet went straight to his spot without protest and stood patiently while my bungled hand fumbled with his bridle and slipped the halter over his head. I was trying to hurry so I could remove my hard hat – no inhibitions just in case – fluff some sort of style into my hair, and get back to Griffen before the crowd returned. 
Grand would be scandalized that I was considering allowing him, no actually hoping he’d try to kiss me before we ever even had a date. Parceling out the passion – Well, we’ll see about that. Whatever I could do to make it inviting for him to at least try, I was certainly game to attempt. 
Viva followed me, her reins looped in my good arm, as I rounded the trailer and reached to open the tack room door to put away Jet’s bridle. I moved as quickly as I could without spooking the horses and making it too obvious should he happen to glance my way. Hurry, not much time. 
As I opened the door, a low growl emanated from the darkness. Golden eyes met mine, and they meant business. I felt the beast bristle and approach as I quickly, but slowly, smoothly, easily stepped backwards, talking in low tones – very carefully moving away. 
“Easy, boy,” I said lowering my eyes naturally attempting to disperse the tension. “Easy now.” 
I gently closed the door and breathed a sigh of relief. What kind of guy keeps a monster like that in his trailer? Every time I get into a rush… 
I whirled to the other side of his truck, looped the bridle over the rear view mirror, and dashed over to mine. Viva was going to have to keep her bridle on, no time to get her untacked – I slipped the halter over her bridle, threw my hard hat in the tack room, smoothed my hair into a ponytail and checked for mud. Properly placed mud seemed to be an advantage with this one, so I left it and swiped just a bit of Burt’s Bees chap stick with just a hint of color on my lips and chewed a mint. 
“Hussy!” Grand hissed. 
Back at the hound trailer, Griffen had Spice settled comfortably and had radioed to William our whereabouts. We walked into the clubhouse and I hoped no one was there preparing food. Time to pour on the charm, perhaps we could get a better start. Chin up, what now? Southernmother training prohibited me from assaulting him even in private. He has to make the first move. I just have to make it easy. 
“I met your dog,” I said. “Or was that a grizzly?” 
“Eliott, I’m sorry, I completely forgot about Panzer!” he said. “He didn’t scare you did he? I’ve got to go let him out.” And he left. 
Alone in the clubhouse. Completely alone. 
I found a plate and piled on some food. Always good to have props. I see where I stand with him. Certainly behind his angry beast. Maybe I really need to reconsider this – moody man, angry dog, Grand’s good sense started peering through my libido and was actually making an impression. A few minutes later, he returned. The flicker of good sense firmly extinguished when he approached. 
“What would you like to drink?” he said. He looked at me again, but I was able to breathe, somewhat, this time and form a “devil may care” lilt in my answer. 
“Whatever – water, or sweet tea if they have it. Coke’s fine, too, as long as it is the red kind,” I prattled nervously. Grand is frowning. At least my legs were crossed, I had stopped fidgeting now that I had food, and I was sitting up straight. 
He placed the Coke in my throbbing mitt, and it felt great to give that errant hand a job. 
“Don’t you want anything?” I asked. 
“Nothing I can have here,” he smiled and narrowed his eyes. 
What? Does he want me to pounce? 
I swallowed and put my Coke on the floor. When I straightened, he took my hand in his and traced his fingers over the bites. Heavenly day! The shock of his delicate touch almost unseated me. 
“Does that hurt?” he asked, his eyes hard to read, distant, curious… magnificent. 
Hardly. Breathe. Time screeched to a halt. 
My good hand wanted to grab his dark wavy hair and crush his mouth to mine. My whole body had gone numb, but where his fingers traced the bite, I felt, with amazing intensity, his soft, electric touch. I glanced down and looked at my hand not believing that his simple curious gesture could cause so much turmoil within me. Recovering slightly, I looked up to respond. 
“No, that feels…good,” I said, looking into his green eyes as my heart sank. 
The crowd had returned. 
He looked at me with, with what…regret… relief…and stood up to meet the others. I sat, plate in lap, hand throbbing, and wanted to scream. Instead, I kept my chin up and swallowed more food. 
Lydia walked in first, saw me sitting alone with food on my plate, and stomped back out. Why was she already coming inside? She definitely should have been at the hound trailers. Who knows with her? 
Once the crowd arrived the food team got to work. I was swallowed up by Ben and the others telling us all about their day. I tried to look interested while my eyes searched for Griffen. He must be taking care of Spice. 
“Don’t go lookin’ for him,” Grand hissed in my head. “Hold your ground and your dignity.” 
The crowd began to thin, and I remembered Viva still had her bridle on at the trailer. When I walked out, I noticed his trailer was gone. Gone? That’s so strange. Without a word? Maddening. I felt like I’d been slapped. 
Viva was glad to see me, and I was ashamed that I had left her stranded. After untacking her, brushing her down, and loading her in the trailer, I collapsed into the seat. There was a note on my steering wheel. 
Elliott – 
Take care of yourself. Stay away from snakes. 
Griffen. 
(P.S Panzer promises he won’t bite should he run into you again.) 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 11 - Stanford Hall

Cypress trees surrounding dark slews. Black Delta bottomland stretching for miles inviting gallops gallops gallops and lazy days in soggy swamps. 

I did not think any Opening Meet could top either of the last two, and the only two, that I had attended. However, I was wrong. Big River Hounds had been invited to celebrate its annual event in the Delta this year, and I felt like I was living in a fairy tale. 
Stanford Hall was the most magnificent home I had ever seen, and it was dressed in its finest today. Classical music emanated from the pecan trees towering over the elegant manicured lawn. People everywhere were admiring this stately home built in the 1920’s. As usual, all types of hours d’ourves were presented proudly, but this time on silver trays accentuated by the mahogany antiques that supported them. 
Set in the heart of the picturesque and mysterious Mississippi Delta, this home was a pearl of the finest order. Today, I had given myself plenty of time to braid Viva’s mane and tail, get the hounds   ready, and help the other staff with arrangements. Duties done, I worked my way to the breakfast and gave myself time to mingle and enjoy the lovely atmosphere. 
Usually, I didn’t eat before hunts. Not only was this an old tradition among die hard foxhunters (I had read), my stomach fluttered before every meet. Not nerves, really, just excitement. Three years of hunting now and still the same flutters – I hope I never lose them. 
Food was everywhere – shrimp, crab dip, quail, ham, and of course, garlic cheese grits. There was a separate line for omelets made while we waited, and all the different types of jellies a girl could ever want. No chocolate fountain, though, I laughed to myself. And of course, Griffen came to mind. 
“Elliott?” he said. 
“Griffen!” I said and returned his casual hug. “Good to see you – I hoped you would lend us your expertise this year.” Good heavens, you look and smell fabulous. 
His eyes sparkled as he looked down at me, “I don’t know about that, but why don’t you save me the trouble of having to find you and haul you out of the mud – again?” he asked. “Ride with me today.” 
“We’ll see who rescues who!” I laughed. It was really good to see him, but memories of the gnawing pain of his mysterious disappearance last year pulled at my stomach. Why did he disappear? My left hand was acting fine, no embarrassing urges, yet. Keep it light. Like I could care less. Grand would be impressed. 
“Good, I’ll clear it with William,” he said and left to make arrangements. 
Oh Southernmothers please be with me now. Remain calm and act like this is no big deal. What in the world is up with him? Well, at least my eyes will be entertained – a day for elevating the senses. 
“Good morning, Elliott,” Ben said kissing me on the cheek, “You’re amazingly clean for being at a foxhunt. You look great.” 
“I intend to get dirty as soon as possible,” I smiled. “And, thanks, you, too! Where’s Ashley?” 
“She’s getting the last minute details wrapped up on her art auction. I think they are hoping to make a lot of money this year for the hunt,” he said. “I see Griffen found you.” 
“Yes. Why?” I asked. 
“I’m telling you that something’s not right with him,” Ben said. “I can sense it. Have you heard from him at all since last year’s hunt weekend?” 
“No, but, why does that matter?” I asked. And you are sounding muchtoomuch like a parent. 
“Elliott, if a guy really is interested in someone, they keep in touch,” he said. “They don’t stomp around acting like they own a person then leave for a year with no contact.” 
“Thank you, Ben, for that information,” I said. “I will keep it in mind. Are you taking first flight today?” I asked, changing the subject before the overwhelming urge to dump food in his lap overcame me. 
“Yes, and I do think we’ll have a really big crowd,” he said, a distinct edge in his voice. “Jane will have her hands full, too, in second flight.” 
“Well, I hope we get to see some game,” I said keeping the conversation directed away from Griffen. “I’m still hoping to see a bobcat. Maybe today will be the day. Did Christopher come?” 
“No, they need him at Woodland,” he said. “I think he’s been   conned into whipping-in for them. He complains a lot, but he loves it.” 
“Oh look, they’re bringing in the puppies,” I said. Thank goodness. Maybe this’ll distract him. 
Five precious little “s” puppies had been born this year to Rufus and Spice. One of the fund-raisers for this hunt was the privilege of paying for the right to name one. Each was passed around the crowd in hopes someone would fall in love and in Ashley, they certainly met their mark. I caught her eye as she grabbed one of the little black and white puppies. She immediately dashed my way. 
“Elliott,” she hissed. “Griffen’s here!” 
“I know, but thanks for the warning,” I said. “We’re riding together.” I gave her a conspiratory wink. 
All year I had pushed him out of my mind, so seeing him again was a surprise, but not a thunderbolt. None of his actions made sense, but he did seem, well, less brooding, so far. I made up my mind to forget him and not search out his history. Now that he was back on my turf bouncing around like nothing happened – well, nothing did, really, probably to him – I had two goals. First, he was going to kiss me before the weekend was over. That shouldn’t be too hard to orchestrate. And if he did, I would find out about his parents. I should probably work the other way around, but Grand didn’t have to dictate all my actions. 
Something was amiss about him; I knew that without Ben’s unsolicited opinion. Hopefully, I could retain enough control and sense to make an educated decision on whether or not we should even date, if, in fact, that was his intention. Not likely, since I had not even had a note from him all year. But he was here…but he came every year. Did he come because of me? I doubt it. 
My reaction to him was unprecedented – not a single person since had yet to have the same effect in spite of my hopes that he had shaken loose what I thought must be my dormant heart. However, even hoping to recapture those feelings was not enough to let me make a bad choice about with whom I spent my time. Especially since just my silly feelings for him were so – predictable. Oh, Mother and Grand would be so proud. Such common sense and will power. 
Bidding was getting impressively high for Ashley’s puppy. She kept shooting her hand up and staking her claim. When the price reached $500, she slowed in her enthusiasm. The auctioneer was good, so when she was outbid to $600, he put the pressure on Ben. As much as Ashley hovered around Ben, the auctioneer could tell they were an item and knew a smitten guy when he saw one. 
“$650, do I hear $650, sir, that little lady really wants to name that puppy, do I hear $650? Anyone here for $650? Sold! To the young man in the red coat – for the lovely lady with the blue eyes!” the auctioneer cheered. 
The rest of the audience roared with laughter as the new puppy licked Ashley thoroughly as if he knew she was his new benefactor. She named him Spur for the little black mark along his side. 
The next puppy was my favorite, and I had to go squeeze on him. He had two perfect black dots on his rump that looked just like those on my left hand, my snakebite. Bidding started, and I raised my hand until it exceeded $200, then let the others bid on. I couldn’t see spending that kind of money on a name even for a good cause. There were plenty of others in this crowd who could afford to do this, so I didn’t feel obligated to part with my, or rather, my parents’ money. 
Bidding climbed for my puppy to $600 – this group must really   have been getting into the milk punch – then a voice I recognized all too well said, “I’ll pay $1000 for that pup.” 
“Sold! To the fellow in the back,” the auctioneer quickly snapped. 
Silence. Then a roar of applause. 
That voice. 
He put the puppy in my arms, and I was speechless. 
“Will this make up a little for my not having called you in, oh, a year?” he said. 
“Griffen, what in the world are you doing?” I asked, but of course had to smile. 
“What’s his name?” he asked, leaning in closer to me so he could pet the puppy. Oh my. Puppy breath and Griffen – what more could a girl want? 
“Snake, of course,” I said. “We’ve got a special bond.” 
“Mmmm,” he said, as he took my scarred hand in his. “It looks like it’s healing nicely.” He turned it over in his hands, and I thought my knees would collapse – here – in front of all these witnesses – I couldn’t even hold hands with him without getting weak. Stand up! 
The time for gathering the hounds was approaching rapidly, so I forced myself back to the tasks at hand. I handed Snake to the puppy sitters, sipped just a little bit of milk punch for courage, and told Griffen I needed to check Viva’s braids. We then went to help William with last minute hound details. 
The fields were dark with mud, so I opted to braid a quick mud knot in Viva’s tail. Since the top was already finished, I just had to braid the bottom and run it up through the sides of her tail to top off the look. I stood back and admired my handiwork. Not perfect, but getting better each year. 
“What would I have to pay you to do that for Jet?” Griffen asked, leaning in a little too, no, way too close. I had my helmet on already and could have slapped myself for strapping it on so soon. 
“Hussy!” Grand hissed at my way-to-eager-to-be-kissed-by-him fantasies. 
“Radio check, Elliott?” William cracked. 
“10-4, sir,” I answered, in spite of my dry throat. 
“You and Griffen take the north end and spread out. Make sure the hounds stay well away from Highway 43,” he said. “I’m counting on your fast horses to be able to get there if we strike a coyote.” 
“Yes sir,” I said. 
I love this sport. 
“Stephen and Lydia will be in the south, Bo and Bob on the far side of the canal in case something swims it, and Susan will cover the east side close and help me. Stay in touch, but no chatter. Let me know what’s going on with the puppies especially,” he said. 
Griffen had left to go get Jet at William’s radio check. “Let’s go,” he said, as he trotted up on his stately horse. 
There goes all the air. My, my what a pair – my hand started its throbbing thing again. What is this? It’s been a year and my hand hasn’t forgotten! Chin up – take charge since he’s never hunted here before. 
“Follow us. We’ll be your pilots for a change,” I said. 
We rode near the pack and helped contain them for the ceremony as the priest recited the long, glorious, Blessing of the Hounds. This day, each of us was beribboned with St. Hubert’s medals – the patron saint of the hunt. I was going to need all the high holy help possible keeping my head about me and was glad for the physical reminder to remain focused. 
Hounds were off, and Griffen and I left the others at a slow canter.   I told him where the coverts met, how the fields ran, and where the highways posed the greatest danger. He absorbed this information without comment, but I knew he was calculating the best possible positions for us to attain. 
Once in our assigned area, Griffen found a place that looked like somewhere foxes would play all day. It was an emerald green meadow nestled between two long cypress brakes and a barren black field. 
“You face that way, and we’ll watch your back,” he said in his low, silken voice. “That way, one of us will to see anything that passes.” 
Jet and Viva stood remarkably still even though they were keyed up from the brisk exercise and the cool morning air. They watched intently, their sensitive ears flicking in all directions absorbing the surroundings with their highly tuned senses. Both were strung like piano wire, but were otherwise motionless. 
For a moment, my mind wandered back to Griffen. I didn’t want to look at him, for I was afraid I would give myself away by forgetting to breathe. I didn’t want him to know how attracted to him I was, but surely he couldn’t tell, or could he? 
Did I want him to be attracted to me, as a girl, not just as someone who could ride as well as he? And what if he is? Will he ask me out or just make obnoxious public donations to the hunt trying to impress me? Show off. It worked. Was he trying to impress me? And what if he tries to kiss me? Would I even let him? Definitely. But that’ll be later, I’m sure. Hard hat on my head now. He can’t kiss me while we have these things strapped on. What if he could read my mind? How embarrassing. 
It wasn’t long until we heard the hounds. From this distance, it was hard to tell who was giving voice, but they sounded like they were coming our way. The wind was calm and the moisture heavy, so soon we would be able to distinguish them. 
Griffen had set this up perfectly. I could feel my skin crawl in anticipation of what we would see bounding across the little meadow. My heart started pounding as the hounds approached. Viva’s heart throbbed beneath my knees. Her ears pricked ever so slightly with even more attention, so I followed her gaze. 
And there he was. 
He stepped gingerly into the edge of the clearing…not at all concerned that twenty noisy hounds were in hot pursuit. He seemed so confident, so in control of the situation. I completely forgot time and place – seeing his bright russet coat and white tipped tail, the rest of the world was forgotten. He was magnificent, and I was transfixed. We looked at each other for another magic moment before he turned and trotted across the field. 
In a daze, I whispered, “tally ho” under my breath as he disappeared. 
Then his lips were on mine. Softly at first, and with a jolt, my body realized what was happening before my mind could react. My jaw relaxed, drawing him closer and yearning for more. I was glad I was “sitting” or I’m sure my knees would have been useless. 
He pulled away, but held my gaze. My head was spinning, and my eyes were not quite in focus. I couldn’t read his face. He seemed so far away. Was that regret in his eyes? 
How did he do that? Ah – he’s doffed his cap – no chinstrap. Bet he’s pulled that before, but I didn’t care. 
Hounds were nearly upon us – William would be looking for a report. 
“Tally ho, William. Red fox – heading north. Rufus is in the lead,” Griffen said into his microphone. 
I was still too stunned to speak. 
His eyes searched mine for a reaction. Still that strange look in his. Not what I expected…at all. So what was it? I narrowed my eyes, changing my return gaze to frustration, and kicked Viva into a gallop. 
We had to get to the highway before that fox, and we’d lost a good bit of time. Griffen was of the same mind, and we galloped together to the highway. All too soon we reached our spot and were together again...in silence. 
Hurry up and wait. 
The pack was moving east, so they were safe for now. Silence from Griffen. Too long and oh so uncomfortable. 
“Elliott, I’m sorry,” he said. “That was totally uncalled for on my part.” 
What was I supposed to say to that? 
I kept the anger in my eyes so he couldn’t read the hurt. “Griffen, I’m not…mad, well…unless there’s someone else,” I said. 
“What?” he asked. His turn to be surprised. “What are you talking about?” 
“Unless you have a…girlfriend…or something,” I said. “Do you?” 
“Not hardly,” he said with too much finality. 
Then why? I knew before I finished the thought. It was making a little more sense to me now. He was still looking at me and studying my reaction. 
“Griffen, you saved my life last year. You hardly need to buy my dinner or let me name a puppy to warrant a kiss,” I smiled. 
“So, you’re not mad?” he asked. 
“Only if you won’t do it again,” I said. Now that was bold. 
He was immediately by my side, removed his cap, and gently, but firmly kissed me again. This time, it was with much more difficulty, for the horses were agitated, but I helped since I was ready. Or so I thought. My soul shuddered, and I wanted to fall off my horse into his arms. No no no – sit up – hang on. 
“Now, then. I kissed you without mud on your face,” he grinned, his voice husky and low. 
“How shocking,” I said. “That’s a first.” I couldn’t tear my eyes from his. Gazing at him was almost as inciting as kissing him. Almost. Oh please do that again and stop talking. 
“Yes, in fact, it is,” he said. 
“You’re kidding,” I said. Surely this wasn’t his first kiss. It certainly wasn’t my first, but it definitely was the best. 
“No, I’m not,” he smiled, eyes sparkling with mischief. No further explanation. “So, are we going to stop these hounds from running all over us again or stay here and stare at each other?” 
“You’re asking me to choose?” I said, my head still spinning. 
He dashed to the north, I joined him, and he found another perfect spot to watch the action. How does he find these places? 
“You watch there, and I’ll watch you,” he said. 
“That’s not fair.” 
“Not fair to me,” he grinned. “I missed that whole view watching you watch that fox. You were so beautiful, so perfect on your lovely Viva – and so engrossed in the fox – I couldn’t resist.” 
And…he never forgets Viva’s name…amazing. 
He tipped my chin up so he could stare directly into my eyes. “Elliott, I have never met anyone like you in my whole life. I have   spent a year trying to get you off my mind, and I’m back in person now to say I can’t. Since the day I pulled you out of that ditch your soul burned its way into my very guarded heart.” 
“Griffen, the hounds are coming,” I stammered. 
This was moving right along, and the Southernmothers had not even begun to check out this magnificent man. Grand was delighted at my at last finding something to kiss beside a horse, but waving flags all around my head to slow this down. Every Southern girl knows to parcel out her passions all the way to the altar, and my throbbing, raging, hand, heart, and every speck of my soul was willing right now quite forcefully to roll off this horse right into the swamp with this stranger – boots and all. 
“You’re right,” he pulled his eyes from mine with considerable effort and focused on our next move. Back to the west – and we were off. 
Flying, floating beside Griffen and Jet, Viva and I soared across the flatlands. Hounds had turned, so we checked to find another suitable spot for viewing – and whatever else came to mind. I was no longer safe in my hard hat – Griffen having conquered that challenge with ease. I’d have to keep him talking to protect the rest of me from his advances. 
“How were your holidays?” I asked – trying desperately not to look at his fabulous face. 
“Fine, why?” he asked. 
“You just said something about going to South America, and I was wondering how that went,” I said. 
“Oh, yes, that,” he said. “My friend’s project is coming along well. We were able to help more than twenty orphans in Argentina find homes.” 
“What exactly were you doing?” I asked. 
“It’s complicated,” he said. “But I guess you should know something about why I have avoided you for a year, or really, for almost six years.” 
“That would be…helpful,” I said, his sudden change of subject disconcerting. I was not sure I wanted to have an answer today. And how has he known me for six years? That’s impossible. 
Jet stamped his feet in agitation as Griffen’s face became wary, guarded. It was as if Jet sensed Griffen’s moods and was urging him to get his mind back on hunting. He shook his black mane and the tiny braids sparkled in the morning light. His tail swished demanding the attention he so easily commanded. Griffen ignored him, sitting perfectly still, and Jet finally settled. 
“Elliott, I was raised by my uncle, but before that, I had parents,” he began. “My parents loved each other…I think, but they fought all the time. There was so much…anger…in him. I was always afraid of what would happen.” 
“I am so sorry,” I said. “What happened to them?” 
His face darkened, and he looked at me with tempestuous, pleading green eyes. “He…my father…killed her,” he said. 
The hounds were getting closer, but I was frozen. Even if I wanted to move, it was impossible. By the way he said the words – I knew her death had been no accident. The dark looks, his brooding manner, his mercurial moods, his instability…was he his father? Is he trying to warn me? Oh why did I not get the Southernmothers on this earlier? 
Run, Elliott, run, my mind screamed. 
Hold him, Elliott, he needs you, my heart pounded. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 12 - Choices
 
The sense of reckless abandon, throwing all cares to the wind, no looking down for holes, or holding back in fear – riding my Thoroughbred at full gallop across  the wide, alluvial plain – hounds screaming – coyote ahead – centuries of breeding  for speed and agility rocketing me across the land. 

“Elliott?” Griffen said as he looked for my response to this revelation. 
No words would come. I felt feint, and there was a war raging  inside me. Grand and Mother were pulling as hard as they could with  Southernmother good sense and breeding while long dormant hormonal  and a new found sense of protective motherly caregiver were  putting up an impressive fight.  
I looked away to clear my head. His eyes weren’t helping the  cause of good sense. At least I was well mounted, I may even be able  to out run him, but that is crazy. I still had my radio, he saved my life  last year, it’s not like he’s going to kill me here and leave me in the  bushes. Maybe later, but not today. Even if I did want to run, that would  leave no one to cover this side for William 
His eyes were so soft, how could I run – now, at least? I pushed  both extremes to opposing sides of my mind and settled for a compromise.  No more kisses, but I would get some answers. 
“I’m fine, Griffen, really,” I said as he looked at me with cautious  relief. 
“That is, unless he plans to kill you,” Grand said,” if you provoke him!” 
I kept my eyes on him – eyes only – no enjoying his whole, lovely  picture anymore today, and tried to calm my thoughts. I would need  a clear head and lots of distractions to accomplish this task.  
“Here, drink this,” he extended his flask of something clear and,  surely potent, to me.  
“No, I’m fine, Griffen,” I lied. That would only complicate – and  there was no telling what awaited in a fox hunter’s flask. I needed  courage, but a clear head was much more in order.  
“It’s Gatorade,” he said. “Are you sure?”  
“Well, in that case,” I said truly surprised. I never noticed whether  or not he drank; we had not been together any length of time. As I  thought back on the parties and few chance meetings, though, he  never had the requisite Southern boy beer, and his glorious scent had  never been mingled with Bourbon or anything else that I could remember. 
“Tally ho coyote,” William cracked on our radios. “Looks like a  pair coming your way Griffen.” 
Our way? We were way out of position. We looked at each other  for a minute thinking the same thoughts and spurred Jet and Viva to  the highway. We were a half-mile from where William thought we  were, the hounds having circled while we were…distracted.  
Thank goodness these horses were made for this, and the property  was laid out in such a manner that we could use top speed to our advantage. Coyotes were ridiculously fast and could endanger the hounds by  crossing highway forty-nine. We stretched out along our horses’  necks, standing just over their backs in the saddle and leaning ahead  just a little to compensate for their forward movement. My eyes were  blinded by the wind, but there was nothing between us and the highway,  so we blazed on. 
Griffen’s head barely turned to the left, and I strained to follow  his gaze. Blinking back wind induced tears, I could see dots of white  spread out, yet running together – the pack. At this speed, I could  not tell yet who was in the lead. Just ahead of them was a single coyote,  running flat, tail stuck out behind him in defiance. He was still full  of go, and he was headed for the highway. 
We were going to have to turn him. 
Griffen signaled for me to try first. Ever so slightly so as not to  upset her balance, I altered Viva’s course to where I guessed the coyote  would be by the time we reached him. Once turned, I asked for more  speed, and, amazingly, it was there. Viva lowered her head as if she  knew her mission and charged. 
We were on him in a flash, yet he was not to be deterred. I yelled  and screamed in a dual attempt to startle the coyote and lift the  hounds’ heads. Of course, their heads were already lifted since they  could see the coyote, but maybe we could change their focus. We  lunged in his path and, for a second, he faltered. The pack was almost  on him, no William in sight. 
I wheeled in front of him and cracked my whip with as much  force as I could bring to bear. His golden eyes bored into mine and  gleamed as if saying “chicken” – and he ran straight at us. Viva  snorted, but held her ground as the coyote ran between her legs and darted toward the highway. Now what? Our momentum was gone,  and, obviously there would be no turning him. I hoped Griffen would  have better luck. 
We spun around to the pack – there was still a chance to stop them. Sounder was the first hound, and I hoped he would listen and  stop.  
“Whoa, Sounder, hold up! Hold up!” I yelled and cracked my  whip.  
“Rufus, hold up! Hold up! Come on Google! Hold up!” Miraculously,  they were holding. Come on William –  
I leapt from Viva and grabbed them, quickly snapping couples  to their collars. A puppy, Goboy, I think, was next.  
“Goboy, Hold Up! Hold up!” I yelled. He, however, was not so  biddable and continued after the scent.  
Several more hounds stopped, and now ten were gathered  around us. I snapped couples on as many as I could reach.  
Griffen was already at the highway, the coyote having crossed.  He fired his gun in the air stopping Goboy and the few others who  ignored my attempts.  
“Good hounds, good good hounds,” I called trying to settle the  pack. Thankfully, William arrived and gathered them.  
“Well done, Elliott, thank you,” William said.  
“Five couple here, sir,” I said. “I think Griffen stopped the others.  Sounder and Rufus were in the lead. We only saw one coyote,  and he crossed the highway.”  
Griffen arrived with the rest of the pack as second flight gathered  with first and all regaled the glorious run. They coyotes had split, but  William was right on them, so he was able to send them all on the gray. The fawn coyote doubled back, so he could tell which hounds were on the gray.  
With the help of the whippers-in in that area, all hounds were  placed on the gray. The run had started near the house and had taken  the field nearly three miles. Only two riders were left in the swamp –  a good ratio for a run such as that. Neither was hurt; one fell when  her horse tripped in a bog and the other’s horse left him when he dismounted  to assist the fallen rider. They had been picked up by a tally-ho  wagon and provided that crowd with much amusement.  
It was always an added treat to have sport at Opening Meet, and  these coyotes certainly delivered.
We took up our positions around the hounds to hold them for  the mobile checkpoint. Food and people arrived within minutes, and  we were able to once again, feast with our friends.  
“Elliott! I have some egg salad sandwiches for you and an apple  for Viva!” Ashley said.  
“Thank you,” I said. Now, this was cool – a delivered checkpoint.  The sandwiches melted in my mouth, no crust on them, of course,  and Viva attacked her apple.  
“How’s Griffen?” she smiled mischievously.  
“Fine,” I said, trying to show no expression. I could see that my  attempt at an innocuous remark was backfiring.  
“Is everything all right? she asked. “You don’t look so good.”  
I must be paler than I thought if Ashley noticed. She was typically  not too observant. “Of course I’m fine,” I said casually. “We just had  quite a run. That coyote gave us a scare,” I lied.  
She bought it. 
“I don’t know why you risk that beautiful horse flying around like that, but whatever,” she said. “Ben’s the same way. You’re both nuts.”  
I could see Griffen talking to William. He rarely talked to anyone  else at this hunt. He was polite but never engaged in conversations  although plenty of ladies were giving it a try. Lydia circled him like he  was prey, but he never seemed to notice, and she steamed in frustration.  I had never seen her not get any reaction from a living male. Interesting.  
Ben was avoiding him but not making it obvious. I noticed because  Ben told me he didn’t like Griffen. Looking at them here in this most  elegant of settings, I could see that they both made impressive statements  with their horses. Ben on his bright chestnut and Griffen on his black  beauty…part of the pleasure of the hunt for sure was this scenery.  
Was Griffen’s brooding darkness revealing something sinister inside him that  should be avoided? Did he even know how to love when he grew up in such a  home? Why would I even consider getting involved with someone so complicated  with so much emotional baggage?  
I caught him looking at me, and I shivered. Those green eyes  were going to be my undoing. Chocolate – I need sustenance.  
As if reading my mind, Sylvia Greene, William’s elegant wife,  proffered a silver tray of chocolate dipped fruit.  
“Elliott? May I tempt you?” she asked.  
“By all means, Mrs. Syliva, I’m weak!” I said and grabbed as many  as I could hold in one hand.  
Ben appeared with a Coke for me. “Tell me about you and Viva  and that coyote,” he said with a wide grin. “I hear it ran underneath you!”  
I told him the story, and he laughed in his easy, booming manner.  Ashley heard him, too, and walked over to investigate. I was beginning  to think that she stalked him. She certainly never let him out of her  sight. 
“Ben, you’re making such a fuss over here that you’re going to  spook the horses,” she partially teased. “What can I deliver up to your  big mouth to keep it occupied?”  
“A piece of chicken if there’s any left,” he said. “I’ll be indebted  to you for life. I need more than lady food after that run.”  
Ashley grinned in response and left on her mission.  
“Elliott, is Griffen behaving?” he asked. “Give me any excuse to  knock him off his horse, and I’ll gladly oblige.”  
“Why do you dislike him so much?” I asked, knowing the answer,  but wanting to hear what he had to say. 
“Besides him being an arrogant…”  
“Ben!” I interrupted.  
He rolled his eyes and continued. “Besides being pompous, he  stalks you like a predator, and I don’t like that, not at all,” he said.  “You’re like my little sister, and I don’t think he has noble intentions.”  
“That’s dramatic, almost poetic,” I said. “And why would you  think that I could not handle this myself?” 
“Because he knows how to dazzle his victims,” Ben said. “I’ve  watched him.” He was leaning in close to me now, applying all his  amazing charm – and not looking at me at all like a little sister. Would  that I could respond to that! But, nothing. I leaned away from the intimate circle Ben had created between us just as Ashley arrived with the  chicken. She had not missed Ben’s advance.  
“Elliott, what have you done with Griffen?” she asked, smiling  way too sweetly. “Leaving a fellow like that alone for too long would  not be something I would ever allow.”  
“He’s not mine to manage,” I said. “That’s William’s job.”  
As if on cue, William blew his horn for us to gather the hounds         and continue the hunt. Since the Tally-ho wagons were nearby, he  decided to cast them in the adjacent swamp in hopes that the spectators  could hear some hound work.  
Griffen joined me, and we walked together to our position.  
“More Gatorade?” he asked.  
He seemed to be trying to fill the uncomfortable silence. I had  just had plenty to drink and eat, but I accepted his gesture.  
“Sure,” I said. “Thanks.”  
Before I could return the bottle, hounds struck again. This time,  I heard Spice distinctly and hoped she’d found a bobcat.  
Griffen knew as well and grinned. “Bobcat!” he said, as we  dashed to find a better viewing spot, and I had to laugh. Oh, he was easy to be with…like this. 
I passed him the Gatorade while we were accelerating, and he  dropped his reins to replace the top – at a gallop. Amazing. Jet never  skipped a beat. He slid the bottle in his pocket, picked up the reins,  and urged him on – a challenge to us, for sure. Riding with him made  me feel like I had wings, and for the first time, someone with whom  I wanted to enjoy this incredible feeling.  
Since the most likely quarry was a bobcat, we did not need to go  far, so Griffen reined in near another likely meadow. We settled the  horses and found a spot where we could see anything that crossed  the road coming into and out of the opening. I was hoping we could  just sit and hunt and forget about what he told me earlier, but he  wouldn’t give it a rest.  
“You’re still here,” he said. He and Jet were standing near, but  not close. He was watching me, and it made me shudder. I’m not sure  why. A crazy image of the headless horseman flashed in my mind…evil and glorious…gorgeous and gruesome…so appalling…so appealing…silly  hormones. I never thought about the headless horseman having green eyes.  
Jet was prancing again, his feet gliding across the ground. When  he finally stood still, he let out a long, resigned, sigh. If he were  human, he would have been rolling his eyes.  
“Where else would I be?” I said with my chin up, sounding braver  than I felt. 
“I thought you would rather ride…somewhere else,” he said, approaching  me, but still not in the space.  
“Should I?” I asked, my heart wanted to jump out of my chest,  but good sense was winning – keep a safe distance – easy easy – don’t watch  his eyes, just now.  
“Definitely,” he said, his voice low and almost a growl.  
“Why do you say that?” I asked, ridiculously attracted to the danger  he exuded – why was he doing this?  
“Because I’m the son of a monster. And hanging around me could  get you killed!” he said forcefully through his teeth, and his delivery  made me feel like I’d been slapped. But I didn’t flinch.  
“If you’re so sure about that, then why are you here?” I snapped,  challenging him to go ahead and get angry. 
“Child, you are playing with  way too much fire, stop that this instant!” Grand hissed.  
“And why would you kiss me…like that…if you’re convinced  you are going to kill me?” I was shaking now, angry, frustrated, both  at him and myself. I wanted to punch him for setting me up like this.  
“Because I can’t keep you out of my mind,” he said, green eyes  blazing with anger and something else. He and Jet easily covered the  distance and were back in the space. “No matter what I do. I already  told you that!”
My head was spinning again and a shiver ran up my spine. This  time, I couldn’t distinguish which was winning – the longing or leaving  instinct – so I moved Viva back and turned, so it would be difficult  to see them…to make any more eye contact. I could feel him watching  me, but I tried to ignore it. I watched the trails…praying for a distraction.  
Spice was still on something and the pack had honored her. They  were not moving fast, just circling and circling in the swamp. I moved  Viva closer to their sound and felt Griffen following us. I wanted to  forget this whole conversation and focus on just riding with him and  feeling his soft touch on my skin…having him close…feeling safe…safe? Why did I feel safe with him? That is the very last emotion I should feel  around…him. Was I mistaking seductive darkness and uncertainty for safe? But  I’m not afraid of…him. Have I already lost my mind? He’s all but telling me to  go away. Or is he?  
Viva and I had drifted closer to the pack, and they had gone silent.
“Elliott, Griffen, we’ve lost it, let’s gather ’em up,” William’s voice  cracked over the radio.  
A mission at last. No more talk thank goodness.  
William blew his horn to collect the pack. Most had already gathered  and were rolling and lolling around in the grass when Griffen and I  arrived. We placed ourselves on either side of the area in case any  got mischievous notions to continue hunting. We remained there until  the rest of the whippers-in could help us road them back to Stanford  Hall. They appeared one by one along with the field. Lydia gave me  her usual poisoned look, but this time it had a particularly evil glint  to it. Whatever.
Ben had held the field back a little further from William than  usual from the cat pursuit, for there was much conviviality and chatter  with them today, and he did not want them to disturb William. Also,  the cats tended to stay in a smaller area, so there was little chance of  the pack getting away.  
Wise choice. Making sure the group had fun, but didn’t interfere with the  hunting. He has a real knack as a field master. And his instincts were right  about Griffen. I hate that.  
The sunlight gleamed on the leaves as the wind gently tickled  them to life. It looked like the trees were dancing. I relaxed listening  to the good-natured chatter and conviviality among the staff and  other riders. 
Griffen was covering the other side of the pack, so we had no  reason to talk – or not to talk. It was so nice just being here – among  these people, these hounds, the horses…I wish I could ride like this  on and on past Stanford Hall forever. 
I started thinking again about the circle, my circle, and Griffen’s.  No wonder he was a mystery. A murder – that would wreak havoc in  my circle – if anyone knew. But they didn’t, and I did not intend to  betray his confidence. But what would I do with this information? And did  he really mean that was his first kiss? I wonder why. But I knew I shouldn’t.  
Time to think – I ached to ride away from everything and everyone  to clear my head. Griffen was too much to take lightly – my extreme  reaction to him at this point was not helping. I knew that attraction  alone was not enough to make him a good match, yet I wanted nothing  more than to be with him. I knew that spending time with someone  unsuitable to marry was a double hit – Southernmother and Sunday  school since diapers training I could not ignore. Did he tell me to warn me? From whom? Just him? Was I willing to give him a chance? I shouldn’t be.  
Back at Stanford Hall, I walked Viva to my trailer. Griffen was  helping the rest of the staff with the hounds, so I did not expect to  have to talk to him – at least for a little while longer. William would  forgive me; I’ll make it up to him later. I needed to think, and I could  think so much better when Griffen was not around.  
I threaded my fingers through Viva’s tail, loosening her braid and  brushing through the light and dark gray strands. Listening to her  chew hay and make little stomping sounds with her feet was so relaxing.  She nuzzled me politely, so I took her face in my hands and  rubbed my fingers along her sleek, soft face. I leaned my cheek  against hers and inhaled her glorious, warm scent. I wanted to curl  up with her and dream of a perfect Griffen holding me and telling me  everything would be fine…  
“Elliott,” he said. I jumped so high that Viva should have kicked me.  
“Griffen!” I snapped – and laughed nervously. “You scared me.” Good heavens I was not ready to be alone with him again, yet. Especially dismounted  and disheveled. “I’m going back to the house for leftovers, want to walk with me?” I asked, hoping to avoid being alone with him  without him noticing.  
“Elliott,” he said. “I have to know if you’re all right.”  
I wish he would stop saying my name. And looking at me like…  that. I felt his warmth, his presence…smelled the sun in his wool  jacket. He leaned down around me to put his hand on Viva’s withers.  My back pressed against her side…trapped. With his other hand, he  gently tilted my chin up to his face.  
My knees weren’t working. My mind went blank. Nothing else  mattered but his eyes. I forced myself to blink.      
“Griffen,” I said, slowly trying to clear my head. “I don’t know  what to do with what you told me.” 
“Neither do I,” he said, his fingertips brushing hair from my  neck. “That’s why I had to tell you. You have to know what I could  be. I won’t hide that from you. It wouldn’t be right.”  
My soul screamed to hold him, trust him, but Grand had her  foot firmly planted on mine. Trouble was, I couldn’t feel it – only  Griffen’s fingers touching my neck, my jaw, and ever so softly outlining  my chin all the while holding my gaze.  
“You tell me what you want,” Griffen said. “And I promise you,  I’ll honor it. I will not force my way into your world just because I  can’t keep you out of mine.” 
“Do I have to tell you right now?” I asked.  
“That’s up to you,” he said.  
“I can’t think clearly when you do that.”  
“I’m counting on it,” he said, “but it must not be working.”  
“Oh, it is,” I said closing my eyes and leaning my head against  Viva’s withers.  
He stood up, stroked Viva’s neck, and turned to leave. “Will you  let me buy you dinner tonight?” he asked. “I’ll take you to the hunt  party later, too, if you like.” 
“That would be nice,” I said, hardly able to say anything through  the emotional haze that had enshrouded me in his presence. Short sentences. Stick with short replies. 
“See you at 6:30,” he said. “You’re staying in Greenwood, then?”  
“Yes, with the Patterson’s. You know how to get there?” I asked.  
“I’ll find you,” he said and walked away.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 13 - Dinner

The sense of freedom, unmatched, when you and your horse know each other so well you can trust her to pick the path as you watch the horizon for the drama to unfold. 

My cell phone buzzed – Mother. Oh my, what timing. 
“Hi, Mother,” I said. 
“Elliott, how was the hunt?” she asked. 
Here we go. Mother knew about my attraction to Griffen and that he left without a trace at the last Opening Meet weekend. We’d decided something was really wrong with him and that we were better off not wasting our time worrying – so we didn’t. In our words, no more checking his circle. How right and wrong we were! 
“Fun – and Stanford Hall was exquisite! I can’t wait to go back there tonight for the band,” I said. Maybe I could keep this conversation on food and party décor. I wanted to say something more, but didn’t – oh what to do? 
“Did you meet anyone interesting this year?” she asked 
Direct question. What to say? Can’t lie…won’t lie to her… 
“Yes, as usual,” I said. “But this time he didn’t have to make any heroic rescues.” 
“Griffen showed up?” she asked. “And he never bothered to call and let you know?” 
“Mother, it really doesn’t matter,” I said. 
“Why, Elliott, of course it does,” she retorted. “What decent man would leave you for a year without a word and show up unannounced? Did he have an explanation?” 
Oh yes, Mother. He said he was crazy about me but didn’t want to tell me that his father killed his mother until after he kissed me and told me that he’d been thinking about me every day since he laid eyes on me and that my soul was burned into his heart… 
“Not really,” I said. “But he is taking me to dinner tonight.” 
“It’s about time,” she said. “I know you think he’s cute, Elliott, but I have a bad feeling about this one.” 
“Yes ma’am,” I said, and I agreed. I had a lot of those bad feelings all mixed up with those wondrous feelings. “Well, I’ve got to go get dressed. Love you, Mother.” 
“Love you too, dear. Keep your head about you, Elliott. You’re a smart girl. I’m proud of you,” she said. 
I wanted to talk to her, but now she was all riled up about him, and I did not want that. My protective side was showing itself. I actually washed, dried, and rolled my hair, cleaned and polished what was left of my horse beaten nails, and made sure what I wore would work with whichever direction the evening turned. 
As I was putting the last touches on my makeup and convincing my long unruly brown hair do its thing, I realized this day had initially gone exactly as planned, unfortunately. I got what I wanted…a kiss, and the truth about his parents. But all that did was leave me with still more questions, the maddening complication that now I wanted more of his kisses, and the realization that those completely clouded my judgment. I had to think about what I really need to know about this guy. 
What are the questions that I should be asking? This made no sense. I felt like I was trying to come up with questions about something before I jumped off a cliff. Would it even matter if I knew the truth? Would I listen to common sense when it was slapping me in the face? 
The clock chimed 6:00 – only 30 more minutes. What to do now? I was dressed, but certainly not ready. I closed my eyes for a moment and imagined myself in the sixth grade inside the magnificent National Cathedral in Washington, D.C. With that memory, I felt calm…God’s presence, wisdom, and peace. If something more than Griffen’s physical attraction was at work, then should I fight this? If there ever was a bolt sent from heaven, was he that for me? But what if that bolt was not from God at all? If not, then please, Lord, give me the discernment to know what to do. 
He rang the doorbell at 6:30 – and arrived looking almost as glorious as he looks on Jet. 
“I hope you’re hungry,” he said, smiling in a way that made my knees weak. “You look lovely.” 
“Thanks,” I said, and I felt myself blush. 
He walked me to my side of the truck and let me in, his hand on my elbow as an added touch. Already, my skin was burning in response. Stop that! 
“How does Giardinia’s sound?” he asked. “The restaurant at the Alluvian.” 
“I’ve never been. Are we dressed for that?” I asked. 
“Yes, you look fine,” he said. “We have reservations at 6:45. I’m glad you were ready on time.” 
After settling me in his truck, he reached over and took my left hand in his right while he drove, gently rubbing his thumb over my bite. Of course, it started throbbing, and that live pulse on its own shot up my arm. His touch felt like being submerged in a warm bath, and my mouth went dry – I was glad it was dark in his truck. 
“Griffen, I have so many questions,” I said. “And I don’t even know how to begin. Or if I even should ask them.” 
“Elliott, I will tell you anything,” he said. “Anything you want to know. And yes, you should ask. I just can’t promise to have answers.” 
“Was today really your first kiss?” I asked. 
“Yes,” he said – distinctly relieved with that one. “I did go to an all boys school. And I’m not counting anything before…I mean… anything that happened on youth trips on church busses,” he laughed. “Those were fly-by’s done on dares. Or, unsolicited….” 
My surprised face must have been easy to read, for his laughter filled the truck and eased some of the tension. But not all of it. In the Bible belt, church attendance was not uncommon, but the fact that he brought it up was. He was still rubbing my hand – and, well, he had a lot of past. 
“So you went on those, too?” I asked, delighted to find a line of questioning that was not so dark. 
“All the time. My mother made sure I was at church whenever the doors opened. And I actually liked going…then,” he said. 
There was a bit of strained silence. I waited a moment, then broke it with another loaded question.  
“What happened?” I asked. There was so much in that question, and I thought I’d let it sit and see how he would answer. 
“I will answer that question, but now, its time to eat,” he said. 
He let me out of his truck and led me into Giardinia’s. The place was lovely. It was in the Alluvian Hotel, in Greenwood, the heart of the Mississippi Delta. The Delta is considered an alluvial plain, which is flat land that was created by huge amounts of mineral-rich soil deposited for hundreds of years by the mighty Mississippi River. Although not from this part of Mississippi, I was drawn magically to it and its lore, the game, and the people. 
“Case, reservations for two, please,” he said. 
I felt a tingle of pleasure having him take charge – taking care of me. I really liked that. 
“Right this way, sir,” the hostess said, visibly reacting to his presence. 
She should see him on a horse. I smiled to myself and envied her for being able to admire him on the surface. I, on the other hand, had to go and plunge these depths. Who knows what I would find – and did I even want to know? 
As we walked to the table, I considered how much fun it would be to throw it all away and forget who I was, whose I was, and just get wrapped all up in his magnificence. But way too much was at stake, and I knew I had to be careful. I was no longer a carefree fifteen year old looking for a prom date and neither was he. I did want to marry someday and it was important who that person was through and through – and what kind of person I was to him. 
Our table was well placed for conversation, and I was glad to be in this quiet public place with him. My questions were so intimate – and so important – and the setting was perfect. 
“So...” I said when we were seated, “tell me what to order.” 
“Do you want me to order for you, or would you like to choose yourself?” he asked. 
“You pick,” I said. “See if you can order something that I’ll like.” He was so easy to be with – even something as simple as ordering at a restaurant was a game with him. 
“Would you like Coke or water?” he asked. 
“Actually, sweet tea,” I said. “You take it from there.” 
He ordered two appetizers, unshucked hot tamales, and Mississippi Delta catfish cakes to sample the regional selection. For entrées, he selected the fresh catch of the day for me topped with crabmeat, and for him, a rib eye with sautéed mushrooms. Once the menus were removed, he leaned back against his chair and sighed. 
“So, ‘what happened?’ you asked,” he said. 
He could take that question two ways, and I wondered which he would want to discuss over dinner. He seemed to be mulling his options, for he took a long time to answer. He leaned away from the table and looked at the ceiling weighing his thoughts. Then he moved back in and met my gaze. I did what I could to encourage him with my eyes. 
“When my father killed my mother,” he began, obviously having difficulty with this conversation, but going on in spite of himself, “I was very angry with God. So angry, that I blamed Him for not saving her and for abandoning me.” 
The server refilled our water, and he watched him while organizing his thoughts. He looked away for a minute, then back at me. “She was so good, she was my world, and she was gone.” He paused again to let that thought settle. 
“I was also angry that I was too weak to do anything to my father  for killing her. I blamed God for that, too. And, I blamed God for making me my father’s son. I was terrified that I would be just like him. And part of me still is worried about that. In fact, a large part of me is very worried about that.” He took another sip of water, then continued. 
“I had so much anger and so many murderous thoughts in my mind. They were all directed towards him, but they were there. That made me think I was like him and made me even angrier at God.” 
I let him pause and said nothing. 
“So, the last place I wanted to go was church,” he said. “Especially our church, the church my mother and I went to so often.” 
“Do you still feel that way?” I asked. 
“About church, no,” he said. His eyes were far away as he continued. “My uncle changed that. In fact, I am very very grateful that I had him. I’m no longer angry at God. My uncle reminded me what my mother taught – to make decisions that would lead me to be someone she would have been proud for me to be – for her sake.” He paused again, collecting his thoughts, obviously uncomfortable with this topic but pressing on. 
“He made it his mission to show me the world and remind me that my life wasn’t all about me. And that my past is just that…past,” he said. 
“He sounds like an amazing man,” I said. “I would like to meet him someday.” 
“He is – he saved my life,” he said. “He made sure I saw that life was about the choices I make in spite of my past or my circumstances. It would be what I made of it. I had no parents to build hopes on, just me. And it would be up to me to make a way for myself. He taught me to focus on what I could give back to the world – out of gratitude for what I’d been given, not just obligation. Of course I always planned to go to college to figure out a way to earn a living, but that was not his focus.” He looked at me again, considered for a moment, then continued when I encouraged him with my eyes. He twisted in his chair a little, and looked away. Then he looked back at me, and continued. 
“Elliott, my uncle encouraged me to find my own way and to think beyond just how to earn a paycheck – think bigger than that – about working to fill my soul, not just my day to day whims…He taught me to open my eyes and get busy helping those who need help, and once I’ve developed some kind of relationship with them, to tell them about what God does for those who love Him,” he said. “And I’d have peace – could put the past behind me – and be comforted in these choices.” 
He paused again and smiled to himself. He looked at me, started to say something, then looked back at the table. 
“What?” I asked, trying to get him to continue. 
“This is not exactly a comfortable topic for a first date,” he smiled awkwardly and looked down. “God must have quite a sense of humor...setting me up like this. I’m not sure why I’m saying all of this to you.” 
My heart melted. He was struggling to tell me things I already knew but was not yet acting on to his degree – and I was astounded that he was raised the same way I was – in spite of his…history. And, that he had been spending the past year checking up on…me. Unsettling. He’s had quite a head start...who’s he been talking to? William? It is all making sense now.  
“Because I’m asking,” I said. “And, I want to know. I understand what you’re talking about, Griffen. We’re speaking the same language here, for once.” I grinned at him and he visibly relaxed. I decided to move the subject away from this, slightly. 
“Your uncle is very wise. That’s the same thing my parents have always told me about choosing a worthy purpose,” I said. “So, besides foxhunting, Jet, and Panzer, what else is it that you love?” 
“When I traveled with him, I saw kids – kids that had nothing – they did not have anyone like my uncle to save them – they had no parents – no hope. I was raised in the church, but it took my uncle, and my…situation…my gratitude…to bring it to life for me,” he said. 
“What do you mean?” I asked. 
“Those trips to South America for my friend. I met him on a duck hunting trip with my uncle in Argentina. He told me what he was doing for orphans in Buenos Aires and how we could help him. I knew then that that was something I wanted to do to help, so I did. My uncle encouraged me to work with him and turned me loose. He said I had to raise all the money myself – including the airfare, but it was a challenge I was ready to try. So many of those kids had nothing and didn’t have the chance that my uncle gave me. I’d never seen that kind of poverty in our country. And I’ve been spending a month there over Christmas with my friend ever since,” he said. He stopped for a minute and took a sip of his water, then continued. 
“I help him raise money and get things done here. He and his wife live there all the time now. I can’t tell you how great it makes me feel to give those kids some hope for day to day things – and eternal things,” he said, his face now animated – lines gone. He was radiant when he talked about the kids. 
Unexpected. And unsettling. I didn’t know what to say. That was the longest speech he had ever made except the one in the meadow to me after he surprised me with his kiss. 
“So, you decided you were complete without female complications, then?” I asked, smiling my most teasing, evocative, smile. 
He got that – but only for a moment. Then his face darkened. 
“Elliott, at fifteen, I saw my father and mother argue so violently that it ended up in her death…and it was his fault. He killed her with his own hands…he took her life right in front of me…I watched the whole thing…and did nothing to stop him. I know now that trying to stop him would have only gotten me killed, too, but it took me a long time to realize that and get over the shame of not doing anything to prevent it,” he said sitting back, all radiance gone from his expression. He now looked dark again and very dangerous. 
The words jolted me back to my conundrum – his perception of how a family worked, how men and women related, was the antithesis of mine. I knew he knew I was shocked. He had to know. But there were still so many questions. Why was he so guarded with me – why had he avoided me? I sat very still and waited. 
“I told you I was mad at God. We’ll, I got through that. But, I’ve never wanted to live like my parents – in a place where there was always fighting and arguing. So, making choices that led to that life has never appealed to me. They had no common interests and they married very young. There was none of that at my uncle’s, and I guessed it was because my aunt was gone,” he said. 
This was beginning to make some sense at last; I smiled to myself. 
“So, I enjoyed Jet, Panzer, school, spending time in the woods, working on worthwhile projects to help people, and have been very  satisfied with my choices,” he said, and his face softened into a smile. “The best way to resist temptation is to avoid it altogether. So, I decided there’d be no girlfriends, in that sense, for me. If I ever did have a desire it would’ve been for something far more meaningful – I didn’t see the point in dating just to have someone around. For everyone I knew, those attachments just brought them misery. As for something more meaningful, like marriage, raising a family…with my history, I thought, and still may find, that it would be impossible. Remember, this is all new to me.” 
“With all the beautiful girls in college, how did you stick to that decision?” I asked. 
“It wasn’t all that hard. Filling up my days with everything else worked fine. It’s amazing how trivial all the other seems – when you give your life to something larger than yourself. I was doing what I was born to do – and I was happy.” 
What a strange turn on the conversation. How fast his moods swing – in a flash – when we bring the subject back to…this. I could see the waiter approaching with appetizers, and I was starved. He put them on the table, or rather, he presented them to us, and Griffen put a finger to his lips to delay my next question. 
“We eat the first few bites in silence, so you can contemplate the food,” he said, and his eyes sparkled with mischief. 
The enjoyment of properly prepared food was an event to him. I just wanted to get it down to stop my aching, noisy, belly from rumbling in romantic places. 
The tamales were spicy, but perfect. I had never been a fan, but these were exceptional. The catfish cakes were so light that they fell apart on my fork and practically dissolved in my mouth. Excellent choices!
“What do you think?” he asked. 
“Fabulous,” I said. “You picked perfectly. May I continue my inquisition?” 
“Certainly,” he said with his gravelly voice. 
I blinked to clear my head. Breathe – don’t lose your focus! 
“Griffen, why then, once we met, did you vanish?” Grand was now kicking me under the table. I’m not supposed to let him know I noticed that and it hurt, yet. But I had to know. 
“Can’t you see, Elliott? I was drawn to you from the first time I saw you on Viva,” he said. “Surely you knew that! I could see it in your eyes, too.” 
“I was covered in mud!” I said trying to cover my embarrassment at being so easy to read. “And surely I wasn’t that obvious. I’m sure you get those looks all the time from women when you’re, well, on your horse.” 
“You were not covered in mud – not in the beginning,” he said. “I thought you were with Ben and heard this was your first hunt. So I watched you and Ashley, mostly for amusement – to see how horses like yours and riders like you would handle hunting.” 
“Why did you bother with us when you had so much going on with the hounds?” I asked. 
More food arrived, so he paused again for the waiter to present the plates and for us to relish the first few bites. 
“How’s yours?” he asked. 
“Melting in my mouth, just like the cakes. What kind of fish is this?” I asked. 
“Flounder,” he said. “We’ll have to go catch some one day. They are really fun – especially since they taste so good,” he said and smiled broadly.  
“So, why did you bother with watching us at that hunt?” I persisted. 
“People like you and Ashley usually provide us, those that have been hunting a long time, with much amusement,” his sad eyes glinting at the thought. “Most of the time newcomers are over mounted and miserable, and you two looked like perfect examples.” 
“We looked that green, then?” I asked, thinking all that hard work with the wardrobe did not matter after all. 
“You and Ashley were perfect – and your horses were about to explode – that’s what was so obviously wrong,” he said laughing and flashing his brilliant smile. “I could not wait to see what would happen.” 
“You are so bad!” I said. 
He leaned over the table, then looked at me directly in the eyes. Hand throbbing again…here we go… 
“Elliott, I told you I’d written off relationships, and I did that by focusing on other things and regarding women in general with disdain. Pure arrogance. That made it much easier not to get involved and to remain aloof. I was above those things, and thought I’d be much happier for it,” he said. “I was happy. My home life was peaceful and predictable, at last.” 
“My uncle and I didn’t talk about girls. His wife had been gone a long time, and he mostly looked at that as now being free to do as he pleased with his friends and the rest of his family. So, I figured, if he could do it and be happy, so could I,” he said. “I didn’t see the point in having some other person dictate what I did and when, especially since I had such a clear idea of what I was doing. I had plenty to do and most did not involve anything a girl, or rather, any girl I had met until you, would be interested in.” 
“You really were happy?” I asked. 
“Very,” he said. “I thought I didn’t need anyone, much less you, or any girl, in my life. I was just fine. Doing everything just right…or so I thought. I still enjoyed looking, though, which brings me back to that first hunt watching you and Ashley.” 
Of course I blushed before I realized it. How could we have looked so obviously new? He leaned in for effect…and it was working. 
“Watch it, danger…keep your distance!” Grand was saying. 
“You both are quite impressive to watch, on and off a horse, as I’m sure you know, and I was certain you were ‘attached’ to your dates, so there would be no harm in looking,” he smiled when he said this, his grin changing the mood much for the better. 
I felt myself blush again and looked at my plate. I am sure the food was delicious, but this revelation kept me riveted. I kept swallowing and eating mechanically, Grands’s and Mother’s admonitions about murderers’ sons not being Raised Right were silenced by his words. 
“But you,” he leaned in closer and took my left hand in his. “You, I could not resist watching. I was drawn to you like I’ve never been drawn to anyone…or anything. It felt like a trap – all the more sweet in that you had no idea of what you were doing to me.” 
He was rubbing his thumb on my snakebite again, and I wanted to leave immediately and crush his lips to mine. Murderer father or not, this was too much to bear. 
I looked down, gently withdrew my hand, and let my eyes fall to my plate. Then I looked up and met his eyes. 
“Oh, but you were so confident that you could tell you were affecting me, were you?” I said trying to regain some dignity. 
He gripped my hand before I could remove it from the table and  I kept my gaze level with his. 
“I could tell at the party that evening that although you were with Ben, you were not ‘with’ him. He was still pursuing you, and you weren’t really responding, or so it looked to me. That’s why I left. I was getting way too interested,” he said. “Then you looked at me across the room, lifted your chin, and marched away. Something was definitely going on with you, but I knew I had better not hang around and find out.” 
Chocolate fountain! I blushed, but not for the reasons he assumed. At least he hadn’t seen why I had marched off…I composed my face as best as I could so he would continue. 
“The more I watched you the more I questioned my decision to remain aloof – to stay away from women – from you. The way you rode that horse, your reaction to being covered in mud – I could tell you were someone I had to get to know. You were so perfect, so beautiful, so happy, so – but with my history…I couldn’t risk it, and I wouldn’t,” his eyes bored into mine looking for a reaction. 
“Griffen, you big chicken,” I said. “You just spent this whole time telling me how much your uncle taught you about choices. You of all people should know that you choose to be who you are – that part is left to us when we’re created,” I said, relief washing over me not only for him having not witnessed my social debacle, but also realizing that he was hardly a raging lunatic. 
“Chicken is hardly the word to describe protecting you from a potential murderer,” he scowled. 
“Maybe that was not a good description,” I agreed. “You’re just wrong.” 
“Elliott, it’s not that simple,” he said. “And what if you are wrong? You have to know who I am, who I could be – I wouldn’t want my own daughter sitting here with someone like me – with what I know is in me – with what I saw my father do,” he said. 
“We are simply having dinner, Griffen,” I said. “I hardly think you’ll come across the table and get me here.” 
“You know what I mean,” he said, angrily. “Don’t tell me that what I said didn’t scare you this afternoon. I saw your face.” 
“Yet here I sit,” I said and stared at him. This time it was my turn to touch his face. Just for a moment, I held his chin. 
“Don’t think you are the only one in the world that gets angry. Anger is normal. You just have to use it wisely,” I said. 
“We’re not talking about normal, Elliott,” he snapped. “Don’t you see? I don’t have a point of reference for normal.” 
“Oh, please, you do, too,” I said sardonically. “You know how to act. You’re not some sociopath that runs around shooting things when you get mad. If you are, do please tell me and I’ll gladly take my leave.” 
He did not smile. I changed tactics. 
“You have something else in you, too, Griffen. You just told me that. And I know He’s much more powerful than your anger and your uncertainty. I can see Him in you when you talk about those kids. You just have to choose to use His power to keep your anger in check when it threatens to overcome you,” I said. Griffen’s eyes softened slightly. He looked like he wanted to believe what I was saying, but he said nothing. 
The waiter brought him the check and he stood to leave. “Well then, time for our next adventure,” he said. “I still think you’re crazy to come with me.” 
“Let’s go prove you wrong,” I smiled as we returned to his truck. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 14 - Delta Nights

Early morning – Delta mist. Galloping from warm fields into dense slews, the musty baked smell of summer fried leaves mixed with defoliant – Happy New Hunting year – fall is here. 

Griffen was quiet as he walked me to his truck, opening the door and helping me in. I leaned against the seat, soaking in the smells of new leather, wet dog, and Delta mud. And, of course, that distinct smell of him. 
We rode a while in companionable silence – just being close to him felt so easy, so natural. As long as I did not look at him and he kept his fingers to himself… 
“So, Elliott, your turn,” he said. “Tell me about your sisters.” 
“You, too, then?!” I said, giving him a playful punch. Oops, keep my hands to myself – keep this light. “Every guy I know always wants to know about them.” 
“Oh? Are they something I’d like to watch on a horse, too?” he smiled.
“Not exactly. They would certainly be amusing on a horse, in fact, maybe you would want to watch – but they would never ride at a hunt. They are more the beauties-go-to-college and party girls – they love to be in the action,” I said. 
“Do you see much of them?” he asked. 
“We talk about once a week. I love them, but they don’t really know what to do with me. Their whole lives center on who is dating whom, and what place has the cutest outfits,” I said. “And they do wear those outfits well I’m told!” 
“What about your mother?” he asked. “How is she handling having all of you gone?” 
“She stays involved – really involved – in what’s going on still. Mother’s so easy to talk to and is my best friend. I’m lucky to have her,” I said, feeling a bit of edge in the air as soon as the words were out. Touchy subject. 
His face darkened a bit, but I saw no tension in his profile. What a magnificent face and that mysterious mind beyond it…I could gaze at it all…stop it – now’s not the time. 
“And your father?” he asked. 
“He’s my biggest cheerleader in whatever I want to do. He sounds a lot like your uncle. He’s always encouraging me to find my gifts and passions and enjoy every moment of the time we have to make a difference in our lifetimes. He and I like to look at the big picture, I think, more than my mother and sisters. They’re just enjoying the ride,” I said. 
“So what’s in your big picture?” he asked. 
“Well, right now, it’s school. I’m a biology major and I may go on to be a doctor. I’m not sure yet. And, of course, the foxhunting.  
I’m so glad to get to be staff. That takes most of my time,” I said. 
“You know how unusual it is to be staff so soon? You must really be dedicated,” he said. “William talks about you all the time.” 
The unexpected reminder that he’s been thinking about me all year caught me off guard, and I looked down so he wouldn’t be able to read my expression. My heart did a little flutter, but I did what I could to stay away from that subject. 
“I just love everything about hunting – the feel, the fun, the camaraderie, the sense of family, the fact that kids ride and adults, and that some whole families even ride together at hunts. And the analogy of the hounds working together listening to their master, the huntsman – just like we learn to hear our maker – and know His voice like the hounds know their huntsman. That’s so cool. But you know that already,” I smiled. 
“How well I do,” he said. “The hunt, mostly William and the hounds, became my family after I lost mine, and they still are, really, to this day. And even the hunt in Nashville – they, too, are like extended family.” 
“You and William are really close, then?” I asked. 
“He’s like another father, and so patient and wise,” he said. “For a troubled teenage boy, there was nothing better for me, at least.” 
“How did you get involved?” I asked. 
“My uncle knew William well, even though he did not fox hunt. He knew I loved horses and hoped that having something besides school to keep me busy would be helpful. I never was that interested in the typical team sports scene, and studying only takes up so much time,” he said. 
“I am sure he was glad to have the help,” I said. 
“He was. His and Sylvia’s kids had long since left to start their own families and they had no interest in hunting. They, nor the hunt, had the money to hire professional staff, so help was always appreciated. Helping with the hunt was so good for me. No constant cell phones, no blaring television, nothing but horses, hounds – and, of course, the fox. So simple yet complex, so timeless yet never dull, so fulfilling,” he said. “And, like my uncle, William took me in, anger and all.” 
“He knows you well, then?” I asked. 
“Probably better than anyone,” he said. 
“And he’s not afraid of your temper?” 
“No, what do you mean by that?” 
“Well, you make such a big deal about your background and your reaction to me – what about towards others?” I asked. 
“I’ve never thought about it that way,” he said. “William’s not defenseless, like you would be. And it’s not the same.” 
“I don’t think I’m exactly defenseless, Griffen,” I said. “And if you can control your temper around your uncle and William, why not with me?” 
“I don’t know the answer to that, Elliott, because I’ve never been around anyone like you,” he said and looked over at me, eyes smoldering in the dim light of his truck. 
We let that thought hang in the air for a while. 
“So, that was your meanest, most terrifying look,” I teased, trying to keep my voice level and breathe. 
“You are not making things easy, you know,” he said. 
“I just don’t buy that you’re some maniac that’s going to do something stupid if I look at you wrong,” I said. “I think you’re the one being dramatic.” 
“Elliott, it’s just that I don’t know what to do because I have never felt like this before about anyone – how many times do I have to say that?” he growled and his knuckles were white against the steering wheel. 
We rode in silence for a minute. Then he picked up my hand – and softly smoothed his fingers over my bites. 
“Your parents, Elliott,” he asked. “Do they argue…at all?” 
“Oh yes, but, nothing about that has ever, well, frightened me,” I said. “Mother and Daddy never really fight in front of us, but I know they have plenty of disagreements. They’re a good team, though.” 
“So, they never hit each other or say – things – bad things about each other when they fight?” he asked. 
“No way – they may fight, but they never get physical or say anything mean to each other or about each other or anything like that. That would be really bad, and I couldn’t imagine that,” I said. “Now, my sisters and I are another story.” 
“Really?” he asked, intrigued. 
“Oh yes. Growing up with two older sisters was a challenge, especially since we’re all so close to the same age,” I said. 
“I just can’t imagine having to argue with people you supposedly love all the time,” he said. 
“But Griffen, when one of my sisters wants to wear my outfit, and I know she’s going to trash it, I’ll stand my ground and refuse to let her but refrain from clawing out her eyes. She is, after all, my sister and someone I deeply love,” I said. “I’ll rant about what she’s planning to do, but never attack her physically or say something mean about who she is. That would be punching below the belt. Besides, it would’ve gotten me grounded!” 
“I thought you didn’t care about clothes,” he smiled. “That hardly illustrates a real reason to argue.” 
“Hurricanes start with raindrops, Griffen,” I said. “It’s your reaction to each raindrop that counts.” 
~~~
Suddenly we were pulling in to Stanford Hall. How fast had he been driving? The house was even more imposing at night. White tents were set up around the lawn where mountains of intriguingly displayed and aromatic food invited us to explore the arrangements – or what was left of them. Most had already been desiccated by the guests. 
I was not ready to stop hearing him talk and wanted him to myself for just a little longer. 
“Let’s sample some of this and sit for just a few minutes,” I said. 
“You can’t possibly be hungry,” he said and smiled. 
We put some food on the plates and walked to a table. He left to get us drinks and we were actually able to sit alone. The party was so crowded that no one had noticed our entrance. 
“Griffen, you mentioned earlier that your uncle took you hunting. Are other types of hunting like this, too, you know, like foxhunting?” I asked, still puzzled by the thought that going out for the purpose of killing could be anything like just going out for the chase. 
“I’ll take you duck hunting and let you decide,” he said. “Then you can see Panzer in action. I think you’ll really like watching a creature like him bred for generations do what he was born to do. Like the hounds, and our horses. It’s great – if I can keep you warm,” he said, relishing the double meaning and making me blush again. 
“I never thought about it like that,” I said, hoping he didn’t see that blush and feeling ridiculous. 
“Then it’s a ‘yes’?” He asked. 
“We’ll see,” I smiled. I would walk barefoot to Texas for him if he asked, but he certainly did not need to figure that out yet…if ever. 
We arrived in perfect time, for the band was just getting started. Most of the guests had had their fill of food and drink and were ready to play. Musicians were set up on the lawn with cypress trees standing sentinel and a full moon glowing overhead. This had to be one of the most beautiful places on earth. 
They started with a slow warm-up song and couples moved to the lawn into the moonlight. Griffen guided me towards them and pulled me close. The smile I nodded at Ben as he was dancing with Ashley was not returned. Here we go again...couldn’t he just be civil? 
“Elliott, I’m so glad you agreed to come with me tonight,” he whispered into my head as I laid mine against his chest and filled myself with his presence and his glorious scent. 
We danced to a few songs, and I was glad his arms held me steady, or I am sure I would have collapsed. This was truly heaven – being with him like this. 
The music livened up, and Griffen left to get us drinks. Everyone was dancing with everyone else in one giant mob and I joined them – what a fun group of people – our crazy hunting family. Christopher was here with Leslie – I guess Ashley pulled that one of…I forgot all about that. They look like they’re having fun. I’m glad. 
Round and around we went – the festivities really warming up – too much fun fun fun, and I could do this forever! No worries, just fun with friends and everyone flirting and dancing and spinning all around to the music while the inky black darkness echoed our laughter. I saw Griffen returning with our drinks, but before I could reach him, the music slowed and Ben directed me back to the lawn. He guided me swiftly and expertly away from Griffen, and I raised an eyebrow playfully at him behind Ben’s back. Griffen saluted his acquiescence to my neighbor’s request. 
“Well, hello to you, too, Ben,” I said my voice dripping with sarcasm. 
“Elliott, this is no time for joking around,” Ben said in a not-so friendly voice. 
“Whatever are you talking about?” I asked, truly confused by his reaction. 
“Griffen Case – that’s what I’m talking about,” Ben said. “What are you doing here with him?” 
“We’re on a date, Ben,” I said, surprised and more than a little annoyed at his reaction to my being here with Griffen. 
“So he just busts up in here after leaving for a year having done who knows what to you in the woods that leaves you hospitalized and you drop everything to go out with him?” Ben asked, incredulously. “You told me yourself you don’t know anything about him – about who he is.” 
“Ben, this is totally uncalled for,” I said. “We discussed this earlier already, and I am just on a date. Whatever difference does that make to you?” 
“I care about you, Elliot,” he said. “You have to know that. And he’s an arrogant jerk.” 
“You care about me like a sister I hope, for Ashley’s on her way over here, and I would hate to think that you pinioned me out of petty jealousy.” 
“A guy does not have to be after you, Elliott, to care about you,” he snapped. “I happen to be your friend. I’m sorry that you choose to ignore that.”  
Ashley’s face showed no sign of overhearing Ben’s words, but his actions were unmistakable, to her, too. I felt the bullets zinging and knew I would hear about this later. 
“Elliott, I thought I saw you arrive with Griffen,” Ashley smiled viciously. Oh how well I know that smile. Ben would be paying for his reaction. “Or, maybe you two just happened to arrive at the same time. Tell him ‘hello’ for me.” 
“Hello, Ashley, Ben,” Griffen said. He had appeared without us noticing. How does he do that? The look he gave Ben was not at all cordial, but to Ashley he was all charm. 
He gripped my arm a little too tight as he moved me across the lawn before they had time to reply. “What was he doing?” Griffen asked. “You looked like you were about to punch him.” 
“Oh nothing, really,” I said. “He’s my neighbor as you know and often takes that a little too far. I guess he thinks that gives him license to be my big brother, or something.” 
Griffen stiffened. “You have a fan club, dear Elliott, and you don’t even know it,” he chuckled. My knees wobbled – hold up… breathe. “Just let me know if I need to knock him into another county – he looked more like a jealous boyfriend than a big brother – to Ashley, too, I think.” 
I could hardly stand this – Griffen was holding me so close and I could feel his heart thumping as he swirled me under the stars. But I certainly had sensed his anger – at Ben probably, when he moved me away from them and into him. He was probably just being gallant and protective. 
The music livened up again breaking us apart. Griffen used the excuse to refill our drinks, and I was free to run around and dance with the others. Christopher and I managed to dance a few times and he placed us right by Ashley and Ben and the band. By this time, those who were not sticking to soft drinks were really into the party. I glanced over to find Griffen and saw Lydia circling him. What in the world was she up to? She looked like she were about to pounce on Griffen, but he was aloof, and I think that was making her much angrier than he could see. 
At that moment, someone slammed into me knocking me into Christopher. His drink covered me on its way to the floor. 
“Sorry, little lady,” he slurred. “Dju mind dancin’ wit me for a bit?” 
“I think I’ll go over and get a refill,” I said politely, turning to escape his lecherous leer. “Maybe later.” 
“Yea, well, whatever little prissy,” he said loud enough for ears around to hear. “Maybe yore boyfrien’ should come back over heah before I haul you off into this swamp for a little romancin’.” 
Ben was immediately between him and me – all business. “It is time for you to leave,” he said politely, but with much authority. 
“Now now Mr. Big Boy, who’s telling who what to do here in my own town?” the man slurred, straightening up in an effort to look more like a menace in the presence of Ben’s bulk. He was dressed impeccably in a starched shirt and khaki’s, but the effect had been sabotaged by his garbled speech and clumsiness. It looked like he was old enough to be my father, but he certainly did not seem to care. All I could think about was getting away. 
The music was really loud and Ashley was oblivious to what had transpired; she had only seen that Ben was next to me…again. She positioned herself between Ben and me and started to walk Ben back to the beverages.  
“Now that’s some sugar cane I’d really like to taste,” the man shouted ogling Ashley’s impressive figure as she passed by him a little too close. “Ha!” 
Ben turned to react, but Griffen already had the shocked and swearing slob in a bear hug shoulder grip forcing him away from the crowd packing the power of an angry pit bull. 
“I thought you were asked politely to leave,” he growled, hauling him back to the parking area. 
“You some-bitch, git yore hands off me!” he roared. 
By this time, Griffen was flanked by Ben, William, Christopher, two other men I did not know, and Mr. Stanford. The music had stopped. Everyone’s mouth was agape at Griffen’s explosion and the resultant removal of the menace from the premises. 
“Eddie, I believe it is time for you to go home,” Mr. Stanford said in his deep southern drawl. There was no mistaking the authority in his voice. 
“Them college boys ain’t got nothin’ on me, Miles,” he said. “I’ll whoop ever one of ’em in a fair fite.” 
“Not at my house, Eddie. Now, I’ll have Em drive you on home. You can apologize to these ladies tomorrow after you’ve sobered up,” he said. 
“I’ll not be sent away!” he shouted. “’Specially not by those dudied up fancypanters. And you! You, Stanford, you’ll pay for this!” 
Griffen moved like lightning to punch the man, but Ben was on it and caught his arm. 
“Not here, Griffen, not now,” Ben growled. “Let it go…let him go.” 
“Come on, you jes see if you cun whup me – I’ll whup you so bad you won’ be able to cry out fo yo own mamma!” he slurred. 
I was not entirely sure Ben would be able to keep Griffen under control, but he managed. Griffen was in a rage, and I understood why. And so did William. I caught his eye, and he stepped in to calm him. 
“Griffen, get a hold of yourself, son,” William said. “He ain’t worth it.” 
None too soon, Em arrived, huge, powerful, sober, and calm, and he and Ben were able to get Mr. Drunk filthymouth spewing expletives in the car and off the property. 
“Elliott, come with me,” Christopher said. 
I let him guide me away, reluctantly. 
The band struck up a lively tune to get everyone’s mind off the incident, but Griffen didn’t return. Since I knew …Eddie…was safely encased in Em’s car, I went looking for him. I found him still in the parking area – right where Em’s car had been parked. 
“There you are, come on, let’s dance,” I said. 
“I’m not ready to dance,” Griffen hissed, his face contorted with rage. Somehow the soft tone was far more menacing than I had expected, and I backed away from him, from that look, and turned to leave. Suddenly, his arm was on mine and I jumped. 
“Elliott, I didn’t mean to scare you,” he said, his voice still strained. “Give me a minute.” 
“He didn’t do anything, and he’s gone,” I said. “What are you…?” 
“A minute, please,” he snapped, but with a little less venom. 
His face made me nervous, so I started prattling uncontrollably. I didn’t like seeing him like this, but I didn’t want to leave, either. The band started to play something I liked. 
“Oh – I like that song,” I said. “Lets go back and dance to that  one.” They were playing I’ll Stop the World and Melt with You – and they had just played Walk this Way. We’ve got to go back. That will get his mind off this…mess. 
“Keep talking,” he said. “Your chatter’s calming me.” 
“Chatter?” I asked, agitated. 
“It’s helping,” he said. “Ask me something random.” 
“How ’bout, where is Panzer tonight? Is he in your horse trailer or did you put him in your room?” I asked. 
“He’s in my room. I’m sure he’s wondering why I’m out so late,” he said. 
“I bet he is not wondering. I bet he’s sleeping,” I said trying to come up with some more jabber. 
The band started playing Sweet Child of Mine so it was my turn now to get him back to the lawn and pull him to me. He relaxed and leaned his chin on my head. Thank you Axl. I relaxed and tried to forget that face. 
“He’s trying to warn you, child, you best be noticing these things!” Grand barked. 
Oh no! She was not welcome here while he was holding me. Get back! Go away! 
I shut her remarks to the back of my mind, definitely disturbed that she’d spoken while Griffen was holding me. That was just creepy. She’s right, though. Notice. Boy, had I noticed. I’ll think about this later, not now. 
“Elliott, it’s late. We need to go,” he said in a much softer voice when the song was over. “We do have jobs to do tomorrow, and I have a long drive.” 
We walked back to the truck and he stopped at the door. We were in the parking area very much alone. Although he had relaxed, his face was pained.   
“Elliott, that idiot, the words he said to you and Ashley,” he said. “And then later…they brought back those feelings…and some really bad memories.” 
“Yes, Griffen, I saw them on your face,” I said. “But you just thought them – you didn’t do anything he didn’t deserve. He was just drunk and needed to leave. You did the right thing.” 
“Did I?” he said and leaned in to kiss me softly. He pushed the hair out of my face and drew his finger along my jaw and down my neck. I shivered, but not for the same reason this time. 
“Get in.” 
As he walked to the other side of the truck I leaned back and pondered my reaction to that kiss. I could still feel his lips and my neck burned where he had touched it. My left hand, as usual, was throbbing. 
We rode home in silence. I thought back over the lovely evening and for a moment, remembered his face when I found him in the parking lot alone…and shuddered…again. I’m sure he’s just protective. That would be fine. But, what if it’s more than that? I’ll think about that later, not now. I may wake up an old Motherspeech, or worse, Grand again! 
As we approached the Patterson’s house, he gently squeezed my hand one more time. We were at their door way too soon. I was so wishing this night could last forever. I turned to thank him, but before I could say anything, he tilted my chin and kissed me again – I bent my leg to brace my foot against the door frame to steady myself. It would not do to collapse…here…at least. 
“I’ll pick you up at 6:00,” he smiled. “Goodnight.” 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 15 - Departures

She waits for me in her stall, eager to start the day and hungry for her oats. Her low nicker, my revile. Brushing her while she eats, I wonder what creatures we will see today, and what challenges we will face. I smile to myself, lean in to her soft neck, and inhale her strong, clean, and warm scent. 

Viva was brushed and ready – tack gleaming – and I could hardly wait to see Griffen. 
My dreamless sleep was interrupted by the Patterson’s rooster at 5:00 am. Although I was stiff from dancing, the morning’s adventure had me jumping out of bed to dress and get Viva ready for today’s hunt. Grand’s, Mother’s, and even Ben’s admonitions about my enthusiasm for this unknown had been successfully packed into the far reaches of my mind, so I woke having had plenty of rest. 
The tradition of a two-day opening meet weekend continued, and today we were hunting a very different fixture from Stanford Hall’s open fields. This land was behind the Mississippi River’s levee, which runs all the way from Vicksburg, Mississippi to Memphis, Tennessee. The woods were deep and wild and thick this time of year with vegetation. 
Wildlife abounded in these woods, so I knew Viva and I would get to see a lot of creatures. Highway hazards were not the biggest threat here. Our challenge today would be to keep up and ensure they were on correct game. The biggest threat would be getting lost, for radios did not work well in the deep woods. I kept two compasses on me all the time, just in case, especially when hunting unfamiliar territory. There was a lot of country between the Levee and the River, and I was really looking forward to the adventure. 
I heard Griffen’s truck as he pulled into the Patterson’s barn. Viva felt my anticipation and pranced beside me as I led her to his trailer. She pulled a little harder than usual on her lead rope, and I had to brace myself to contain her. I stopped her so she would settle down and gave her a carrot. 
“Good morning, my beauties,” he smiled and kissed me on the cheek. Panzer nuzzled my hand for a pat. “Are you ready for some real adventure?” 
He took Viva’s lead rope from me and she walked like a perfect lady beside him…no attempted surge or any other antic when he held her. I noticed and wondered how he did that. She did not even attempt to test him. 
“You know I am!” I said. “I love hunting in the woods. There’s no telling what we’ll see today.” 
After getting Viva settled next to Jet and returning Panzer to the tack room, Griffen walked me to my side of his truck. He leaned down and kissed me – a wonderful, soft, brush on my lips – he smelled so good, felt so near, was so here after all this time…thoughts of just how late we could be and still be on time started flitting around in my brain. 
“Wonder if William would mind us being a little late?” he smiled. His eyes drinking in my reaction to this idea. 
My knees were starting to falter, again, so I leaned my head back and closed my eyes. “Let’s go,” I said weakly. 
He bent down and kissed my throat, “If you insist,” he said. “I don’t know much help I’ll be today, though. May as well just stay here.” 
With all the willpower I could muster, I pushed him playfully aside. “Get back, you beast!” I said. “William needs us to be on today. I’m not sure how much staff will show up after last night’s frolic.” 
He relinquished his spell and helped me get in. Then he left me to get into his side of the truck. Once he got in, his phone buzzed. Griffen’s face was serious, but amused. 
“You were right,” he said. “Two whipppers-in down. William’s going to be short-staffed today, so we won’t be riding together. We can take someone with us, but he wants us both to cover the far southern end of the property. You’ll be southwest on the River side and I will be southeast near the Levee.” 
“That’ll work. Maybe you will not be so distracted if I’m miles away,” I said as I reached over and nuzzled next to his strong arm. 
“Maybe we can meet in the middle,” he grinned as he brought my left hand scar to his lips. “Just be sure to stay out of trouble.” 
Oh heavenly morning, what a way to start a day! “Wouldn’t you love an excuse to come rescue me again?” I beamed up at him through my lashes and blinked. 
He stiffened, “do that again and we will not make the hunt,” he growled, playfully of course. “Now, stop looking at me like that and tell me about this fixture. Are there hogs?”
“I’ve never seen any, but there is plenty of sign. There’s also supposed to be some bears and an occasional panther. The main hazard here is that there are so many deer, possums, raccoons, and skunks. 
Most of the time we chase coyotes, although there are plenty of bobcats,” I said. “William will probably bring the hounds that are strongest on coyote to keep them off the other distractions.” 
“What about the country?” he asked. 
“The southern and northern boundaries are the club’s boundaries, and they are wide gravel roads. All the other east-west roads are trails with no gravel. The landowners are giving us a special exception to hunt today. We have the place from 10:00 until 2:00, but the surrounding clubs will very likely be deer hunting all day, so we need to stay on our land,” I said. 
“Obstacles?” he asked. 
“There are some pretty deep sloughs, but most of them are easily crossed on a horse. A few lowland areas are impassable, but they will be for game, too. The woods are pretty open, but there are lots of armadillo holes, so you can’t travel too quickly through them. The trails are excellent and wide enough for galloping,” I said. 
“Oh, and one more thing. Radios don’t work very well, so we’ll have to stay close to the pack to hear what’s happening – we’ll be hunting the old fashioned way,” I grinned. 
“That sounds all well-and-good, but they didn’t have coyotes when they had to hunt that way,” Griffen said. “This could be a very dicey day.” 
“Cell phone coverage is spotty, but you can text. I usually keep mine on me just in case,” I said. 
As we neared the fixture, we saw a good many trailers already on  site. There were also a lot of four-wheelers – landowners and their friends, I’m sure – that were gathered around the hound trailer. 
“That will be another level of difficulty for William,” Griffen said. “Not exactly what he needs today. Noisy machines zooming around making it hard to hear.” 
“Well, maybe they will stay out of the way. They’re hunters, too, you know, so maybe they can actually help,” I said hopefully. 
“I doubt it,” he said. 
Griffen unloaded Jet and Viva and tied them to the trailer. Panzer patrolled the new area and took in all the smells. A child on a four-wheeler zoomed by us, and the horses reared but were caught short by their ties and pulled back in panic. 
“Jet, Viva, easy, settle,” he said gently, but his eyes were blazing with fury. They calmed at his voice, but his sudden anger at the errant wheeler was not lost on me. “I hate those things. And the people who rev them up in the woods…!” he said leaving his expletives dangling. 
“That was just a kid,” I said. “No need to think everyone is going to act that way once we get started.” 
“I hope not, or we’ll be in for some real frustration,” he said. 
We mounted the horses and moved towards William. He handed me a radio, for he kept all the hunt radios together to ensure they were charged and ready. Griffen had his own. 
“Radio check, Griffen,” William said. 
“10-4 sir,” he said. 
My radio was not responding. 
“Radio check, Elliott,” I heard on Griffen’s radio. 
“William, Elliott’s isn’t working. Do you have another one?” he asked. 
“No, I’ve only got that one left,” William said. “And it’s never been right since she took it swimming. The landowners have all the extras.” 
“I’ll go see if I brought my extra one,” Griffen said, his lips a hard line. 
We rode back to the trailer and saw that the tack room door was open. Panzer was inside on his blanket, but someone had obviously paid him a visit – and left abruptly. 
“Who the …?” Griffen growled an obscenity and leapt from Jet to inspect his trailer. 
Someone had to have opened the door of his tack room, but he could find nothing gone – thanks to Panzer, I am sure. There was no other radio, so he gave me his. 
“Griffen, I’ll be fine…I have my cell phone…” I said. 
“Take it – don’t argue,” he said, his scowl betraying his mood as he lifted himself into his saddle. 
“But you don’t know the country,” I said. 
“We do not have time to discuss this,” he said. “Just take it and stop arguing.” He spun on Jet and returned to William and the pack. 
He was maddeningly authoritative, but I bit back my comments since we were now in front of the rest of the hunt. I smiled politely at the other members, nodded to Ben, and took my place behind William on the left side – Griffen on the right. Lydia and Stephen were at the head of the pack in their respective corners, and we framed the hounds as William moved them into position for announcements. 
I looked over at the field and saw my friend, Addison Falls, next to Ben. That was a nice surprise – she’d not been able to ride yesterday due to a wedding function command performance, and I was glad to  see her. Her big black Quarter Horse, Harley, stood patiently while we waited on William. Her horses were always so well mannered. 
William thanked the landowners for letting us hunt their land during deer season. He encouraged anyone willing to follow to do so, but requested that they remain behind the four-wheeler field master, the club’s caretaker, to ensure that we would be able to provide them with the best sport. Away from Griffen, the air was festive, for many of these hunters had never seen a mounted foxhunt. We were dressed in formal attire today, too, for a change, in honor of them letting us hunt this time of year. 
Since I had started foxhunting, I had learned that deer season in Mississippi is hands-down the most widely renowned sport for all walks of life. For these landowners to allow us to hunt coyotes on their property this time of year was a real treat. They had plenty of game and were happy for us to stir up their woods during midday, for their members all hunted in the morning and evening. They hoped that by us kicking around in their woods during the middle of the day, more deer would move around in the afternoon for them. It did not hurt, either, that three of the landowners fox hunted with us on occasion. 
William sent Griffen and me on to our southern positions to find places to watch and listen. The horses were keyed up, and as we trotted past the field, one of the riders on a way-too-much but beautiful horse lost control. The horse spun across the trail and lashed out with both back legs. His shod hooves laid Jet open across the flank. The poor rider screeched in horror and apologized profusely while trying to contain her fractious mount. 
“I’m sorry!” she wailed. “Oh I hate that, I am so so sorry!” 
“Take him to the rear of the field Mrs. Harrison, Christopher will help you,” Ben said. 
Griffen said nothing, but his eyes could have melted steel. As soon as he was out of sight of the melee, he dismounted and examined Jet’s flank. 
“Griffen, is he ok?” I asked. 
“Just go to your position, Elliott, Jet’s fine,” he said through clenched teeth. 
We left them, but I didn’t like the way he was reacting. Overreacting, actually, but whatever. I needed to get into position. 
As Viva and I moved into the bottomland, I forgot my frustration with Griffen and let the tall, beautiful trees embrace me. We soon came upon a long field planted in winter wheat, due south of where William was casting the hounds. Perfect. 
I let Viva graze and relax. The hounds struck almost immediately, and I could hear them moving south, but to the east – towards Griffen’s side. I moved a bit that way just in case he had not been able to get into position. Away from Griffen now, I could reflect on the last few hours. He was so edgy – Grand’s admonitions of caution started to make some sense. As much as I craved him, I certainly did not want to end up with a person who was mean and angry all the time. Of course, everyone has a temper, but I didn’t want to spend my whole life walking on eggshells in fear of how he would react. 
I wish he’d choose to let that anger go, but there was nothing I could do to make him. That would be up to him. I was more afraid of his fear of what he would do than of arguing with him. How strange. 
Well, I’m sure the hotlines are open now. Mother has had almost a whole day to find out about him. I smiled to myself. It will be interesting  to see their reaction when they find out about his father. Wonder how long that will take? What if they don’t find out? Did I want them to? That would save me a lot of trouble. How silly – I’m almost an adult. I should not be counting on my parents to tell me who I can and cannot date. Pitiful. 
Viva picked up her ears as the hounds approached. I could hear Sounder – that was strange. He’s usually not a strike hound. I looked behind me following Viva’s ears, and saw a most disturbing creature, no, creatures, trot agitatedly into the field. They were black, now there was a brown one, and all of these were smaller than the first. 
Hogs. 
My heart pounded. From this distance it looked like a large one and about ten smaller ones. Babies maybe? Viva snorted when she picked up their scent and all looked our way. She arched her neck and raised her head giving them her full attention. 
“Easy girl, steady,” I said. Her heart was drumming like mine, and she felt like she would explode. “Easy, easy, now…” I slowly pressed the button on the microphone and radioed William. 
“William, this is Elliott. I am southwest of you looking at eleven hogs – a sow and babies I think. Hounds are approaching, and I’ll try to knock any off that are on their line,” I said much more bravely than I felt. 
“Go after those hounds, Elliot, we can’t take any chances of them being on hogs,” William said. “You get a good look and see who they are.” 
Viva was no more eager than I to approach the hogs, so we circled north of them into the woods to a spot where I thought I would be able to see their trail. Once we moved, the hogs disappeared, as eager to put distance between us as we. Sure enough, Sounder appeared with Pout, a puppy. 
“Leave it! Get back to him!” I snapped and cracked my whip. The puppy looked up in surprise and followed Sounder, who sulked back the direction he came. 
“Coming back to you, William. Sounder and Pout were the only ones,” I said. 
“Keep an eye out for more. I don’t want the hounds tying up with any hogs. You stay well clear of ’em too, Elliott,” he said. “They shouldn’t be a problem if you give them plenty of room.” 
“Yes sir,” I responded, and I meant it. But I distinctly heard him say shouldn’t. I was deeply disturbed by hogs. Something in me said keep away from them. I had heard enough tall tales about people hunting them and how vicious they could be. I did not want to find out how much truth there was in the stories. 
I could see William now, in the covert. The field under Ben’s direction was coming up the road towards me and now turning towards William. Ben touched his cap to acknowledge me, and Addy waved and gave me a big grin. I nodded and smiled in response. Christopher must have escorted the wild horsewoman home, for she was nowhere in sight. More first flight members passed and then second flight. As I was admiring the lovely sight of them all against the fall colors, I heard a crash and a splashing thrashing sound from the front of first flight. 
Viva and I went to see if we could help. It looked as if the earth was consuming Addy and Harley. Harley disappeared up to his withers in a bog in which he was having great difficulty escaping. The more he thrashed, the deeper he sank. Addy had rolled off his back and was holding his reins to keep his head above the mire. 
“Addy, get back – let the horse work this out on his own,” Ben said. “The rest of you back up and give him some space. Tucker, please take the field and follow William. Elliott, no!” Ben said, but it was too late.  
Ben had leapt to Addy’s side after passing Blazer’s reins to Christopher. He held her to keep her from rushing to Harley and getting trampled in the process. I had already thrown my reins over a branch and dived towards Harley. 
“Easy boy, easy,” I said, patting his neck and calming him. For a moment, he stood – long enough for me to unbuckle his reins and standing attachment to ensure he had as much freedom as necessary to get out. Once he settled and had had a moment to catch his breath, I pulled one rein to get him to move my direction. He did and flopped onto the bank, sides heaving. 
“Steady boy, easy,” I said, rubbing his ears and letting him rest. Addy had broken away from Ben and was stroking the other side of Harley’s face. “Just let him sit here a minute, he should be fine.” 
“Thank you, Elliott, and Ben,” Addy said. “We need a camera now – just look at us!” 
We grinned at each other through mud-plastered faces. Harley got up and splattered more muck over us covering Ben and Christopher, too. 
“Ben, is everyone all right?” William asked over the radio. 
“The field and staff over here are all on,” Ben said with a grin. “And their dry cleaners are going to love them.” 
I heard hounds again going hard to the east – toward Griffen. William radioed to Lydia to move closer to Griffen’s position in case he needed ears in that direction. He had landowners stationed on the Levee, so there was no real concern for hound protection, just information. I swung up on Viva with some difficulty given my slippery attire and moved back into position. 
Hounds were in full cry now, and my skin crawled with excitement. Viva and I moved toward the sound slowly so we would not be out of position should they turn west. I could hear Rufus, so we were on something good – hopefully no hogs this time. 
“Hogs, sir,” Lydia said over the radio, “There could be a coyote running with them, but I just saw a large boar moving east.” 
“Stay with the pack, Lydia,” William barked. “Knock ’em off if you think they are going to mess with that boar!” 
My heart pounded – I needed to stay in position, but wanted to know what in the world was happening with the pack. And where was Griffen? What was he doing? I hoped Lydia would say, but I certainly couldn’t ask over the radio. 
“Tally ho coyote – heading southwest,” Lydia said. “No – just turned east across the road – toward the boar’s line!” 
Hounds were screaming soaking up the coyote’s scent and heralding their find throughout the deep swamp. The sound was glorious even though they were going the other way. From my position, I heard so much since I was near a relatively large open “lake” in the woods. Their sound floated over the water and filled my ears. 
Gunshot fired due east. Silence. Griffen. 
“Lydia, get over there and find out what’s happening,” William snapped. “Anyone know what’s going on with my hounds!” 
“Nothing’s come out on the Levee yet, William,” one of the landowners said. “The shot was west of us.” 
“Nothing southwest of you sir,” I said. 
“Griffen fired the shot to get them off the boar,” Lydia said. “Two hounds injured by the boar, but not seriously.” 
“Hold them up, I’m on my way,” William said. 
We moved a little closer east in hopes to hear more, although it was more a gesture and something to do rather than be helpful. I let Viva drop her head to graze. Wait wait wait – most of a whipper-in’s life is waiting. The rest is madly trying to work out the puzzle at the speed of the game being chased. Quickly with coyotes, cunningly with the grays, patiently and persistently with the bobcats. All presented their own challenges. With hogs thrown in, this was particularly interesting today. 
William cast the hounds again – towards me this time. Stephen in the north was instructed to move west and watch the north road. I stayed put – waiting and watching. A doe with her fawns peered cautiously into the clearing, saw us, and froze. The little buck lifted his foreleg and stamped. Viva shook her head, and they bounded away fluffy flags flaunting their departure. 
On again! 
Hounds struck and blazed north this time – at a blistering pace. I found a north-south trail and headed toward their sound all the time staying to their west. The property’s western boundary is the Mississippi River, so I did not have to worry about traffic. I was to be there to report the chase. 
“Hounds still running due north,” I said. “Can’t tell who’s in the lead yet.” 
Suddenly, the sound went from their usual long, mournful tones to yips and barks. Had they bayed something? Viva and I headed straight to them. Amazingly enough, there was an old school bus in the middle of the woods – obviously deposited decades ago by a creative deer hunter to use as a stand. Hounds were clambering over each other around the rusted body baying and scratching at its base. I looped Viva’s reins over a sapling and marched forward to investigate. When I peered inside the dark shadows of the bus, a pair of pale blue eyes complete with a bared set of bright white fangs met mine. 
“Tally ho to you, sir,” I said under my breath to a mottled and very puzzled and angry coyote. 
“Coyote bayed in a…school bus,” I said into the radio. “He’s not happy, but unharmed so far.” 
William approached soon after and blew “Gone to Ground.” He praised the pack all around and led them away from the site. Everyone cheered as the coyote bolted and escaped into the woods to be chased for another day. 
“Well done, Elliott!” he said and I beamed. What a day! Lydia and Stephen were here and most all of the field, but no Griffen. We surrounded the pack and helped William gather them to road them home. Lydia was nearby, so I could not resist asking about Griffen. 
“Did you see Griffen?” I asked. 
“Yes,” she said through clenched teeth. And that was all she said, but the answer was even snippier than I had expected. 
“Well, where is he now do you think?” I pressed. 
Lydia looked at me and sighed. “How would I know? He was pretty mad when I saw him. He’d had some words with what looked like landowners. If he lost his temper again and cost us the chance to hunt this fixture…” 
“What do you mean he was mad?” I interrupted. 
“Elliott, if you don’t know by now that he’s a hothead, then you’re blind, or deaf, rather,” Lydia said. “Just like William. I’ll never get why he keeps him around. He’s not that much help. He should have just ridden in the field. I think he’s trouble, personally.” 
Interesting. Oh my. Bad, very bad to wake up from a dream like this one. I must be waking up now. I wonder what she means. I know what she means, better than she does. She’s more correct about him than she knows. But do I want to believe that? From her? 
We were nearly back and I felt them before I could hear Jet’s hooves. Griffen and Jet were cantering toward us across a field bordering the Levee. Oh my, what a sight. I could never get enough of looking at them. He/they were magnificent. My left hand started pounding, but Grand put a stop to that. 
“Looks are fleeting but tempers are forever, honey. You can’t tame a hothead. Why would you want to? Don’t make that your other half – even if you have to rip your heart to do it. It’ll heal. Don’t even go there,” she pleaded. 
I caught Lydia looking at him, too. She narrowed her eyes challenging me to say something to her first. I held my tongue. 
“He is quite a sight, Elliott, but what a temper,” she said. “I meant what I said earlier.” 
Within minutes, we arrived back at the trailers. Lydia made it clear my help was no longer necessary, so I left her and Stephen with William and took Viva to the trailer. Griffen had disappeared again but he had already taken Panzer. Maybe he was hosing Jet’s cut or helping William with something. 
“I need to talk to you, Elliott,” Ben said, and I jumped. Why does everyone keep sneaking up on me like this? 
“Something happened in the woods today with Griffen,” he said as he leaned in close enough for me to feel his warmth. No reaction in my left hand – heart beating regularly – mine was, that is. “I overhead him and William.” 
“Lydia said something to me already,” I said, my eyes daring him to say more. 
“Elliott, Griffen’s bad news,” Ben said and he did not back up. If anything, he leaned in even closer to me – into my…space. Safe in a hardhat from him, I think, wish he would back up…what is he trying to do, bully me into liking him? He’s not acting like just a friend…again. 
“I know you like him, but he’s, well, unstable. You saw what I had to do to…contain him…last night,” Ben said, speaking softly but leaning in closer with every word. 
“Elliot – give me Viva. It’s time for us to leave,” Griffen said in a low, menacing voice. I could have sworn that Panzer growled, too. Is there something really wrong with him? 
Ben straightened, but held his ground. He stared right back into Griffen’s face and said, “I have room in my trailer if you’re not ready to leave yet, Elliott.” 
Griffen kept his eyes on Ben. Panzer definitely growled this time. I wanted to kick all three of them. 
“Boys, I am quite ready to leave, thank you,” I said. “Griffen, please take Viva. Ben, I appreciate your help with Addy today and your concern.” 
Griffen loaded Viva, returned Panzer to his dungeon, and got in his truck. I had already let myself in. I stared straight ahead, arms crossed. He reflected my mood and pointed his truck to the highway. 
“So, are you going to tell me what happened today?” I asked trying to sound polite, but failing miserably. The question formed in my mind as a catty remark and did not have time to get filtered into anything otherwise. 
“No,” he said. “It doesn’t concern you.” 
“So that’s supposed to make me feel better?” I asked. 
“Elliott, just drop this…please. I have a very long drive. On top of that, I leave for Argentina next week and will not be able to see you until after Christmas,” he said a little calmer, but still very much on edge. 
“Sure,” I said sounding like a brat again, but not wanting to. 
He picked up my hand and started brushing his fingers across my scar. Nothing was happening – I was not satisfied with his answer and still resisted his attempts at peace. Grand would be so proud. 
We rode the rest of the way to the Patterson’s in silence. When we arrived, he unloaded Viva and Panzer and put Viva in her stall. Before she could nuzzle him for a treat, he had a carrot ready for her. For some reason, his kind gesture toward my horse irked me and sparked my endlessly irrational emotions. 
I had a few more things to gather before I could leave for Oxford and part of me was impatient for him to leave. The other part did not want him to go before he explained his actions. Although he showed no signs of irritation or of even noticing my moods, the longer he didn’t speak, the angrier I got. He seemed preoccupied with his own thoughts and oblivious to my fuming. When we reached the doorstep he stopped. 
Without a word, he gripped the back of my head and pulled me to him. His kiss was urgent, almost angry, very unsettling, and…I might add…uninvited. I barely had time to react before he stepped away. I still had not decided whether to kiss him or slap him before he stepped back…out of range. 
“Drive safely,” he said. “I’ll call you tonight.” 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 16 - Parents

The end of the season – bittersweet moment, ready for rest and return to the otherworld – regret for no more early morning preparations for day and weekend long adventures – until next year. 

It didn’t take me long to recover, but I did not have fond memories of our departure. I was angry that I hadn’t been able to react in time to at least protest, much less slap some sense into Griffen. I would definitely have to remember to deal with him either over the telephone or at least at arms length. My crazy desperateforhim hormonal body was putting me at an extreme disadvantage. 
I gathered my belongings and thanked Mrs. Patterson for a lovely weekend. Viva walked into the trailer and we started the drive to Oxford. My cell phone buzzed on the dashboard – Mother. 
“Hi, Mother,” I said. 
“Elliott, dear, your father and I are coming to Oxford tonight. Your sister is getting an award in the morning, so we thought we would make an evening of it. May we take you to dinner?” she asked. 
“Sure,” I said, looking at my watch. It was only 3:00. I felt like I had been awake 24 hours after this long day. “What time and where?” 
“Let’s say 7:00 at the Downtown Grill,” she said. “Will that do?” 
“Perfect, see you then,” I said. 
“How was the hunt?” she asked, ignoring my I’m ready to hang up signal. 
“Fine,” I said. “I’m just ready for a shower.” 
“You got filthy again, then, I’m sure,” she said, the smile unmistakable in her voice. 
“Yes ma’am,” I said. “See you tonight.” 
“Bye, then,” she said. “Love you, dear.” 
“Love you, too, Mother,” I said. 
I bet they know something. I’m too tired to worry about it. 
I drove and let the drone of the engine soothe the edges from my thoughts. I was tired of thinking about foxhunting and him, so I changed the CD from classical music to country. There was some danger that the songs could trigger thoughts about Griffen, but for the moment, I was able to lose myself in the hopeless ballads of runaway women and cheating spouses. 
As the miles fell away, I could replay our time together as if watching actors in a play. Distance and time lent perspective, and disembodied analysis was much easier. I remembered dinner, and all the lovely things he said to me. Is he just too volatile to be safe to love? Would it be smart to even try? We’ve only had one real date, but I’ve learned so much about him. Or have I? Is he really unstable like Ben said? 
For once, I wished my Southernmothers would speak, but they were silent. Silent. Now that was a first. 
I returned Viva and the trailer to the barn and saw that Addy and Ben still had not returned. We did leave rather suddenly. I wish she  were here now. She was such a good friend and always was willing to listen. Boy problems from me would be a first for her! 
The barn was quiet, and I turned Viva into the pasture. She kicked up the dirt behind her and flew across the field like she’d not been able to run for years. Containing her even for a while in a trailer or stall seemed like bottling the wind. I loved to watch her float across the pasture and dance when she met the others. She bounced, pranced, arched her neck, and snorted announcing that the Queen had returned to her domain. 
Mother and Daddy arrived way too soon, but I was ready. I had dropped off to sleep briefly and felt rested enough to be up for dinner and parental inquisition. In fact, I was looking forward to seeing what, if anything, they thought they knew about Griffen. 
“Elliott, dear,” Mother said, pulling me into her arms. “So good to see you!” 
Daddy hugged me too, and we headed out the door. Leslie and I lived in the sorority house now, so again, there was little chance to talk without being overheard. 
We exchanged pleasantries about the weather and the conversation was markedly stiff. By the time we arrived at the Downtown Grill, I knew they knew…something. 
“Marks, table for three,” Daddy said. He leaned in to the hostess’s ear and whispered something unintelligible. Mother pointed to my shoes as a diversion. 
“Where ever did you get those cute things, dear?” she asked. “They are precious.” 
“Jennifer’s closet,” I said with a grin. “Nice to have sisters with good taste.” 
We were directed to a booth far from the main dining area, and my suspicions were confirmed. Daddy ordered us some fried green tomato appetizers, for I was famished, and sweet tea all around. They had been to this restaurant far more times than I, so I let them place the dinner order as well. Everything here was great. 
Daddy ordered mahi mahi for me, pasta primavera for Mother, and a filet for him – medium rare. He got sweet potato fries and asparagus spears for all of us and a crabmeat and bleu cheese sauce for his steak. Food mission accomplished, he leaned back from the table and looked directly into my eyes. 
“Elliott, dear, your mother and I have discovered some unsettling things about your date last night,” he said. 
A strange protective urge wanted to lash out at my Daddy, but I knew better. I sat very still and waited for him to continue. Was he talking about the brawl at Stanford House or Griffen in general? I was certain it would be the latter. 
“This Griffen Case has a very checkered past,” he said. “And I want you to know as much as you can about him so you can make wise decisions.” 
This was a new turn of events. I thought it was up or down and their way or the highway. That was the line I had always heard. After all, they were paying my tuition, board for Viva, my foxhunting dues, my car note, and everything else, so they still had serious strings attached to all in my life. 
“Elliott, we know you have a good head on your shoulders,” Mother said. “And we are so very proud of you. We think that if you knew what we knew, you would, well, reconsider dating him.” 
“We’ve only had one date,” I said, checking the defensive snap  that wanted to erupt from my mouth. 
Grand was back and kept my spite in check saying “Listen, child, these two love you way more than any boy could ever understand.” 
The tea arrived, and I drained my glass while they watched. It was so good, and such a welcome diversion. Perfect, really sweet tea. How I love the South. 
“Yes, I know,” Mother said. “But I also know how much you seem to like him…or the thought of him. You said so yourself.” 
My face flushed. I hoped Daddy couldn’t see that. Mother would not have missed it. 
The tomatoes arrived complete with crawfish tails, mushrooms, and a delicious Creole sauce that had me finishing the rest of my tea. We ate for a few minutes in silence, out of hunger, not reverie, then Daddy continued. 
“Elliott, dear,” Daddy said. “Griffen was a witness to a terrible crime. The most terrible crime a young boy could see. He spent almost six months on the run, and no one still knows exactly how he survived.” 
My jaw dropped. I expected them to know about the murder and for me to have to tell them that I already knew that and had still gone on a date with him. But, a runaway, at age fifteen, for six months? Why had Griffen not said anything about that? What had he done? I couldn’t speak, so Daddy continued. 
“Griffen’s uncle is a friend of a good friend of mine. He told us the story only because I said Griffen was interested in my daughter, my most precious daughter, and to please give us enough information about him before it was too late, and you were too involved to listen to reason,” he said. 
I felt my throat constrict with love for these two wonderful people. I knew this had to be hard for them, too, but I couldn’t speak. I certainly was no longer defensive. 
The meal arrived, and we ate again in silence for a few minutes. I was so moved by how much they cared for me that I wanted to say something, but words would not form. So, I ate the mahi mahi and relished the tea. Finally, I found some words. 
“Daddy, I am so sorry to put you through this. At least I waited until I was 19 to get interested in boys,” I smiled. 
“Sweetheart, you and your sisters are the most important things in this world to me, aside from your mother, of course,” he said. “You cannot get enough information about who you date. It is important to know as much as you can before you get blinded and hopelessly struck with emotion for someone. Dating and marriage, eventually, is hard enough without choosing someone who plays with a different set of cards.” 
I helped Mother finish off the tomatoes. She was eating her pasta and remaining uncharacteristically quiet. Somehow, that drew me to her rather than make me feel angry about their “ganging up” on me. I admired their marriage so much and did hope, one day, to find someone with whom to spend my life…besides Viva. 
“There is more, much more, Elliott,” he said. “May I continue?” 
“Yes, sir,” I said. I needed to act surprised so he would not know how stupid I had already been. 
“One afternoon, Griffen’s father came home in a rage. He found him with his mother at the barn, grooming two of their horses. Griffen’s mother had said something to her brother before about how jealous her husband was of the close relationship she and Griffen shared.  His father and mother fought all the time and his mother was terrified of him,” he took another bite of his filet and paused before continuing. 
“On this day, not only was he angry, he was drunk. Griffen watched his father grab his mother and strangle her right in front of him. He went after Griffen, but couldn’t catch him. That was when, I’m sure, he ran,” he said. 
I could not even imagine a scene so horrible. His father must have been really terrifying to make Griffen run after what I had seen last night. Griffen was not large, but he was a force – a powerful one. And I could tell he had loved his mother very much. 
Daddy continued, “When he couldn’t find Griffen, he gave up and returned to where he killed his wife. He closed the horses in the barn, dragged her inside, and burned everything to the ground.” 
At this most inopportune moment, the waiter arrived to refill our glasses. I was speechless. From the looks my parents were giving me, I could see that they knew this was a tremendous blow to me. What was left of the food on my plate was forgotten. It looked like a go-box night. I felt like I was looking at everything through a long, dark tunnel. 
“Elliott,” Mother said as she grabbed my hand. “Drink some tea. You’ve had a bit of a shock.” 
I swallowed the cold, sweet tea and the tunnel vanished. For a moment, I looked down and closed my eyes. The room was not spinning, but it felt like it would at any moment. 
“How much of this did you already know?” Mother asked. 
“Just the part about his father,” I said. “About him watching his mother get killed and not being able to do anything about it. He never said anything about the horses…or running away.” 
“Maybe he didn’t know about the horses,” Mother said. 
“Mmm,” I said. Oh, but he did. I knew he knew, and so did his uncle. And that would have been unbearable to have only been able to stand back and watch helplessly as your whole world was destroyed horribly. At age fifteen. 
“When his father couldn’t catch him, he set everything up to look like Griffen caused it,” Daddy continued. “To try to catch Griffen, he projected Griffen as unstable and said that he had done it on purpose and that his mother had died trying to stop him. So the whole world was looking for the child as a murderer and trying to help his crazy father find him.” 
The food was getting cold, so I took a chance at reviving my appetite. I picked up a few fries and tried to get myself to eat. It was comforting to chew – to get my body working on something that it understood. I was unsettled that Griffen had kept so much from me, but could I really blame him? What horrors to have to revisit? 
My cell phone vibrated in my purse, and I saw it was Griffen calling like he’d promised. Since we were in a restaurant, and I was in no position to talk to him, I let his call go to voice mail. 
“Daddy,” I said. “How did all this stay so quiet? Especially since he lived in Memphis?” 
“Griffen’s uncle is a very powerful and well respected man. Money covers many secrets. And, Griffen’s case happened in Georgia a long time ago.” 
Six years ago. So that’s what he meant about waiting for me, or avoiding me – his vision of what I represented – for six years. He had really just wiped the thought of having a relationship like that from his life six years ago. I can certainly see why now. His intricacies are beginning to make some sense.  
“I have one more bit of news for you, but I hope this one will be a little easier to take,” Daddy said. 
“Go ahead,” I said. “I’ve given up guessing.” 
“Next week you are out for the holidays. and I’d like to take you with me to Scotland,” he said. 
“Scotland!” I exclaimed. “But why?” 
“I have a convention there that your mother and I were going to attend, but she’s agreed that you probably could use the change of scenery more than she,” he said. “After all, she’s been with me twice, and you’ve never had the chance to go.” 
“That would be fabulous, Daddy!” I said, visions of castles, and green lawns, and magnificent cliffs flashing through my mind – so very glad to not be thinking about Griffen and his horrible upbringing and all the tragedy and anger that surrounded it. “When do we leave?” 
“Friday,” he said. “We’ll leave from Jackson after your last exam.” 
The waiter arrived with the check and boxes for leftovers. After packing up a considerable portion of the feast, we left. I was so glad my parents loved me enough to find this out and drive all the way here to tell me in person what they had discovered. That certainly would have not played well over the telephone. 
My head was spinning with excitement and with the new revelations about Griffen. Daddy and Mother were so right to get me something to think about besides brooding over this boy. He had kept so much from me and had certainly not been at his best today, or was that truly him? Picking fights with people just because he was angry all the time and could? 
He was so complicated and held so much promise, but he had said himself that he would not want his daughter to date someone like him. I knew he could overcome his anger if he tried, but was he willing to do that? Was I willing to risk my life on such a gamble? Well, I would not lose a minute’s more sleep worrying about him…tonight, at least. 
They hugged me goodnight, and I returned to my room. Leslie was still up and grateful for the leftovers. I got ready for bed and bundled under the covers to check my voice mail. I wondered what he’d have to say to me about today. 
“Elliott, this is Griffen. Call me back, please. We need to talk.” 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 17 - Worlds Apart

The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son: the righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon him. 
– Ezekiel 18:20 

There are times when I wish we were not so telecommunicative. Now I had to call him back. If I didn’t, it would look like I was punishing him and being petty. His voice had been telling, not asking. Not a hint of remorse. Arrogant and a mercurial temper. He’s making me crazy. 
I kicked off the covers and looked for a private nook in the house where I could talk. Southernmothers be with me. I dialed his number. 
“Hello?” he said, his sleepy probablylyinginbedlookingfabulous voice sent shivers up my spine. This already was not starting off as planned. 
“Griffen, this is Elliott,” I said, keeping my voice as aloof as possible. 
“Thank you for calling me back,” he said, voice flat. I really hate telephones. Can’t read his reactions. 
“My parents came up for a visit,” I said. “We went to dinner. I hope I’m not calling you too late.” 
“No, not at all,” he said, and he was really quiet. I waited. 
“What are you doing?” I asked, trying to sound casual. 
“Nothing. Just finishing studying for a test. And getting ready to leave for a few weeks,” he said. Voice still flat – maddening. 
“Oh,” I said, trying to match his tone. 
Still a long silence before he at last spoke. “Elliott, I didn’t want to leave the country like I left you today.” 
“Oh, well, don’t worry about that,” I said flippantly. “But you were lucky that you escaped when you did. I was about to punch you.” 
“Hmm,” he said. “That bad, was it?” I detected a mischievous lilt and a bit of challenge…no remorse…but who knows on the phone. 
“What was that anyway?” I asked, anger and frustration creeping into my voice. 
“A bad kiss. I told you I haven’t had all that much practice,” he said, sarcasm or something coloring his voice. I really couldn’t tell. RRR! 
“You had a rough day. How’s Jet?” I asked, trying to salvage this disastrous phone call by changing the subject. 
“Jet? Oh, that. He’s fine,” he said obviously distracted. “Just a very little bit of swelling, but nothing serious.” Long silence again. Too long. 
“Griffen, why did you call me?” I asked. 
“I told you… I don’t want to leave like we left…things…today,” he said. 
“Then, you’ll tell me what happened on your side?” I asked. “And I don’t mean the boar.” 
“I can’t,” he said.  
“Can’t, or won’t?” I pressed. 
“Both.” 
“Well then, I hope you have a good trip next week. I don’t see what else there is to talk about,” I snapped more forcefully than I intended, but I was really getting tired now, and I was so tormented by my irrational feelings for him…moody murderer’s son with a pretty face, and voice, and oh, my…what am I doing even talking to him? I know better than this, don’t I? Use just a little sense! 
“Please, Elliott. I promise I’ll tell you everything as soon as I can,” he said exasperation in his voice…still no remorse. 
“Just like you told me everything about your father?” I said before I could stop myself. 
“What do you mean by that?” he said, fully awake now, guarded…I think. I may have just kicked the ant bed – I didn’t really want to do this over the telephone. Oh well, it’s out now. 
“My parents know what happened to you,” I said, softly. “That’s why they came to see me tonight.” 
“What? How?” he asked, resignation, not anger, in his tone. 
“Your uncle told a friend of my father’s,” I said, regretting bringing this up so late, and not being where I could see his face. 
He was quiet for some time. I could hear his even breathing, but sensed no anger or betrayal at this revelation. 
“This is probably for the best,” he said. “I hope you understand now why I couldn’t tell you everything, all at once. Will you forgive me?” 
“Yes, Griffen, of course,” I said, my anger vanishing like the air from an untied balloon. 
Why does he not get mad and explode, so I’d know I’m doing the right thing to try to forget him? Maddening! 
“Of course,” he said, repeating my tone and mocking it…a bit. Another long silence. 
“I’m going to Scotland with Daddy,” I said to break the silence and hopefully lift this depressing mood. 
“Scotland? Why?” he said. “Are they that opposed to your seeing me?” 
Still no anger in his voice. Just…what? I kept blabbering so I couldn’t hear his tone. 
“No, silly. This has nothing to do with you,” I lied. “Daddy has a convention that he attends each year and they’re going to Scotland again. Mother’s been twice, so they thought it would be good for me…to see Scotland…since I’ve never been.” 
“When do you leave?” he asked. Tone flat. Still not angry, but certainly different. 
“Next week,” I said. “Right after my last exam.” 
“Well, we will have to swap stories when we return from our world travels,” he said, a little smile in his voice now. 
Strange. He sounds…relieved maybe? What is it? Oh I don’t know and shouldn’t care. I just want to go to sleep. 
“Goodnight, Griffen,” I said. 
“Goodnight, Elliott,” he said. “I’ll talk to you later.” 
Good night my foot. What was I supposed to think about all that nothing that he said? I marched back to my room and forced my covers to swallow me to sleep. 
~~~
Exams flew by, and I was so very thankful for their distraction. In no time, we were boarding the plane to Scotland. 
Griffen had called a few times, but the conversations had not improved since Sunday’s. He was not really gloomy, mostly aloof, and refused to explain his actions on Sunday in the woods. I had heard by now from Ben and even Addy that we were no longer going to hunt that fixture, and everyone blamed Griffen. William had been just as closed-mouthed as he, so we assumed the obvious. It was easier to believe everyone else, now that Griffen was gone, that I had been love blind or something. 
It was at the barn, however, that I missed him. Really, really, missed him. In the way I saw him look at Viva – and me when I was riding her. I could see the longing in his eyes to love and be loved. His mysterious understanding of how animals felt, reacted, and how he instinctively could read and understand me almost as well. Embarrassingly so. Was I already falling in love with him, or who I wanted him to be? 
“No!” Grand interrupted. “Love is always a choice. Now and even more so, later. You have to choose wisely. There’s still time to choose ‘no’! You must choose ‘no’! What else is there to see? Is he going to have to hurt you to get through to you? Please don’t do that to your parents…to us who love you so much.” 
I’ll listen. But I didn’t believe it was not already too late. At least it was too late to do this without anyone getting hurt. He won’t have to hit me to hurt me. My heart’s going to hurt when I have to push him away…already. Is it always this fast? I’ll not choose to love him…yet. I still have a choice. I still have a choice. 
The plane took off, and I did what I could to leave thoughts of Griffen behind. Scotland would be so lovely, and I could not wait for it to cast its spell. For a moment, I worried that I’d forgotten to get Ashley to check on Viva this afternoon, remembered that she was taking care of everything, and laid my head against the seat and slept. 
A cold, blowing rain welcomed us to Scotland us as we left the airport. I had never been to another country, but what should have been culture shock to me actually was a delightful thrill. The musical sounds of conversation lifted my spirits, but had the opposite effect of making me want Griffen here all the more. In the uncertainty and splendor of this place, I wanted him beside me. I wanted him, not the image of a perfect him, just him as he is now. Grand and I had been arguing constantly – she would not leave me alone – “This will not work, Elliott, unless he learns to control his temper. You can’t do it! You cannot change anyone! Don’t even go there!” 
Scotland’s dark vistas reminded me of his moods, and I wanted to run back into his arms and comfort him. The damp countryside was refreshing to the humid heat of home. Flowers exploded from window boxes nearly inspiring me to attempt some boxes of my own at the barn. 
“So, Elliot,” Daddy asked over a fabulous meal at the end of our second day together, “how are you feeling? Are you having a good time?” 
“Daddy, this is the loveliest place I have ever seen or imagined! Thank you so much for bringing me here,” I said. 
“Any thoughts you want to share about Griffen? I certainly don’t want to pry,” he said. 
It felt really strange discussing Griffen with my father, but I thought I would give it a try. 
“Daddy, I have been thinking about him,” I said. “Probably too much. I heard what you said about the different decks of cards, but I also heard you tell me all my life that we are who we choose to become.” 
“I am glad you listen,” he said with a smile. “Your mother’s not always as good at that!” 
“Daddy, you’re so wise,” I said. “And I’m really glad we’re getting to spend this time together. I’ll always treasure these memories.” 
“So is he closer or farther from your thoughts?” he asked. 
“Daddy, he told me so many things about what his uncle has done for him, and right now, he’s in Argentina helping kids who have no hope have a future. He was once mad at God, and now he thanks Him for providing him with an uncle so loving and caring. His uncle sounds so much like you,” I said. 
“Elliott, just don’t think you’ll change him,” he said. “He has to make his own way, and all that I ask is that you be careful with my most precious cargo, you. He was not raised like you. He has no idea how precious you are to your mother and me. Do not let that boy hurt you, please. For my sake.” 
“Well, we’ve only been on one date,” I smiled. “I can’t believe this happened so fast. 
“Your mother and I can. You are a treasure, Elliott. And everyone around you knows it. It is about time you slowed down long enough to let someone love you besides us,” he said. “You just really need to be careful about who you choose to love.” 
We headed back to the room, and I flopped on my big, soft bed. Scotland was spectacular, and I couldn’t wait to see more of it in the morning. The telephone rang, and I answered wondering who in the world would be calling our room? 
“Hello?” I said. 
“Mr. Marks, please,” the operator said in the lovely lilted Scottish voice. 
“Daddy…? It’s for you,” I said. 
“Hello?” he said. “Certainly, I’ll talk to him. Thank you. Yes, hello. Now? I think that could be arranged. I’ll be down in five minutes.” 
“Where are you going?” I asked. 
“Just a business meeting,” he said. “Why don’t you look through these books and decide what we’ll do tomorrow on my free time. We’ll have about three hours tomorrow afternoon – you pick. I should be back in about thirty minutes. Then we can go for a walk if you like.” 
“Really? Oh, thank you, Daddy,” I said reaching up to give him a peck on the cheek. 
The catalogs were full of day treks, pony treks – I didn’t think Daddy would like those – maybe if I had some alone time – and great little villages for…of all things…shopping. Maybe I could find some wool riding gloves or a wool scarf – something made here. 
Maybe we’ll go see another castle – one off the tour – no, I think I want to just walk and ramble in the little towns and watch the people in the pubs. I loved the idea of getting the sense of the people. The people working at the hotel were friendly, but so reserved and distant. I wanted to know the people and what made them tick… 
I couldn’t believe the splendor of this countryside and part of me wanted to just wander and look. Even Edinburgh, an enormously large city, looked so intriguing. Maybe we could go see some museums… 
There was a knock on the door. 
“Elliott,” Daddy said. 
“Come on in, I’m decent,” I said. 
He walked in with a strange grin on his face. “There’s someone downstairs who wants to see you,” he said. 
“Daddy! Not Mr. Carlton’s son already, I hope!” I said feeling like an Indian princess being offered for trade. 
“No, not him. You’ll want to look nice, though. Trust me,” he said.  
What a strange thing for a father to tell a daughter. That didn’t squelch the princess barter image. My flags were up – what in the world had he done? I pulled on something acceptably feminine, brushed my hair, and swiped on a little lipstick just to make him happy. 
“You better hurry. I don’t think he’s very patient,” Daddy said with a smile. 
I walked downstairs and into the lobby. There were a few people in the room, but I had no idea who I was supposed to meet. As I approached the counter, I heard him. 
“Elliott,” he said in that eversodistinctive perfect voice. 
“Griffen?!” How could this be? “But, you’re supposed to be in Argentina!” 
He pulled me to him and gave me a fullblownkissonthemouth in front of everyone in the room – uninvited – again. Oh no! Where was my father? Why had he allowed this…after all he knows? 
“Griffen!” I said and pushed him back this time, no slap, though. “What are you doing?” 
“Kissing you,” he smiled. 
“You know what I mean!” I stammered, blushing, I’m sure, and shaking in…well, not anger…really. 
“I’ve come to take you to dinner,” he said, eyes gleaming, taking in my startled, confused, and very flushed face. 
“But I’ve already eaten,” I said, trying, not succeeding, to seem somewhat angry at him. 
“So let me buy you dessert,” he persisted. 
“Why are you here?” I insisted, glowering at him, but wanting to kiss him some more…badly. 
“Because you are here, Elliott, and it has been over a week since I kissed you,” he smiled. “That was worth crossing the ocean.” 
“But my father?” I said. 
“He’s given me permission to buy your…dessert, and whatever else you like,” he said, eyes sparkling. 
“Permission?” I asked, amazed. 
“Yes. It was time that I spoke to him about you, rather, my elevated interest in you, and to make sure we were on the same page,” he said. 
He walked me over to a little sitting area in the lobby, so we would not be in the middle of the room. 
“You flew across the ocean to ask my father for permission to date me?” I asked, stunned now that this was sinking in. 
“Elliott, I love you. I just don’t know if I can be the right person for you,” he said. “But the more I thought about it, the more I knew that I have to spend time with you to see. The last thing I wanted would be to have to sneak around your parents. If I could not have convinced your father of my intentions and earn his trust, then I would have left you alone.” 
“How did you know that I would agree to see you?” I frowned. “Especially since we did not exactly part on the best of terms.” He just said he loves me! Where did that come from? Think…don’t lose focus. 
“I was counting on my presence,” he said softly, leaning in to me, brushing his fingertips through my hair. “It has always worked with you before.” 
Hold up, knees – hand throbbing again. I blinked to clear my head. Maddeningly effective. He is so arrogant! First kiss indeed. I bet he loves me…This one knows exactly how to get his way with women. He’s playing me like a piano and my father! 
“Well, it’s not going to be that easy with me,” I said. “You’re  going to have to trust me to be able to handle knowing everything about you. Like what happened in the hunt field last weekend.” 
He beamed. “Oh, that. Well, I can tell you now that those…idiots… are in custody. It seems that they’ve been in to some bad stuff for quite some time. Just no one was willing to press charges. Everyone is related in the South, you know, so most of the time they looked the other way. Harmless boys just being boys stuff…” 
“What are you talking about?” I asked. 
“When I was on the Levee side, I saw three guys on four-wheelers in the general direction of where William said he had stationed some landowners with a radio. I rode over to be sociable and see if they knew what was going on with the hounds,” he said. 
“When we were alongside them, one of the guys stepped off his four-wheeler and grabbed Jet’s reins. It irritated me, but I didn’t realize what he was doing until I saw the guy that I’d wanted to kill the night before.” 
I was stunned. “They were after you?” I said. Fear gripping my stomach at the thought of that angry man and Griffen and two others alone in the swamp. 
“He told me to get off my horse and come with them,” he said. 
“What did you do?” I asked, amazed. 
“The only thing I could think to do – pulled my pistol,” he smiled. 
“You pulled your rat shot pistol on three men?” I asked, amazed that Griffen was here to tell about this. 
“No, I pointed it at the one holding Jet’s reins,” he said. “And he dropped them in surprise. I don’t think they expected any of us to be carrying guns, even if it did only hold rat shot. He couldn’t tell from where he was. He just knew there was a loaded gun pointed at his face by an angry man at very close range.” 
“But they had Jet’s bridle, and there were three of them. You had lost your mind, Griffen,” I said. “Why did they let you go, without a scene?” 
“The next thing I knew, Lydia was riding up to tell me that the hounds were likely on hogs. It was perfect timing, and they backed off. I was pretty sure they were just trying to teach me a lesson and were not after a full-blown scandal. Their rifles were still in the gun racks,” he said. 
“That explains Lydia’s side,” I said. “She thought you were threatening them. And made sure I knew about it. She had me convinced you were an out-of-control, unpredictable menace.” 
“She’s not all wrong,” he said, smiling to himself. “And we do have a bit of a history that would probably make her say something like that to you.” 
“What history?” I said. 
“We’ll talk about that later,” he said. “I thought you wanted to know about what happened in the swamp.” 
“That, too,” I said, a little off balance thinking that Griffen had more history that involved Lydia. 
“Lydia could tell that I would have loved to personally teach all three of them a lesson, but it was best that we left. After the hunt, I told William what happened. He wanted to keep it quiet until we had time to get information on who exactly they were.” 
“Did you find out?” I asked. 
“Between William, Mr. Stanford, and my uncle, they found enough dirt on them to ensure they wouldn’t be bothering anyone for a long time,” he smiled.  
“Why were they on that property? I thought it was private land,” I said. 
“Yes, but one of them is related to a member, so they were able to be there without raising any questions,” he said. “That old club has a lot more members than most Delta clubs, and we were hunting at their invitation.” 
“You could have said something before now,” I said. 
“Yes, but I would have betrayed William’s confidence. He asked that I keep this quiet until we knew what we were dealing with,” he said, brushing the hair off my neck. My breathing was getting shallow again and goose bumps crept up my spine. 
“And…” he added, “I really was way too angry at those three. I would have relished pulling the trigger on the one holding Jet’s bridle… and that bothered me…a lot. I had almost convinced myself to give up on this…and you.” 
I shivered, at his touch, and at the thought of Griffen shooting someone who had threatened his Jet…and me. I knew he was capable of it. I had seen his anger. 
“But I kept thinking about what you said…about my choices… and about the power alive in me to do that, if I would only admit that I could not overcome this alone,” he said. 
“Griffen, we all have murderous thoughts from time to time,” I said. “Particularly when someone or something we love is threatened. There’s nothing abnormal about that. Normal people just don’t act irrationally on them.” 
“I wasn’t feeling very normal or rational, and it disturbed me… deeply. I wasn’t ready to tell you about my murderous thoughts that had surfaced twice since I revealed my ancestry,” he said, and leaned toward me for effect. 
“Griffen, you are not your father, not a murderer,” I said, my throat constricting…he was moving into the space again. 
“I most certainly am, many times over,” he said, and I sat back, stunned. I did not need to hear that tonight. Or did I? 
“In my mind, Elliott,” he said, responding quickly to my reaction. “But that’s just as bad, when you’re battling something inside that’s so strong.” 
“No it isn’t, Griffen!” I said. “The thoughts don’t get you put in jail.” 
“Let’s hope you’re right,” he said. “Now, about that dessert…” 
“Your history with Lydia first,” I said, grinning mischievously. “Maybe I should be the one with murderous thoughts.” 
“Lydia finds in me a great challenge, I think,” he said. “By ignoring her all these years, I’ve become an obsession.” 
“No wonder she’s so snippy towards me,” I said, intrigued. “I could never figure out why someone who looks like her would feel threatened by me.” 
“She’s an empty shell, that one,” Griffen said. “As are most I’ve been associated with. Until you.” 
There he goes again – I’m trying to remember to breathe. I can’t believe he is here – right here – now – in Scotland with me. His fingers were still toying with the hair beside my neck. I was really wishing we were not in such a public place. 
“So she just, what, stalks you?” I asked, trying to focus and forget about where his fingers had brushed my neck. 
“I told you what I decided to do about women, or rather, my choice to stay away from them, and she’s no exception. But that has not made me immune to their advances,” he said.  
“You said you’d never kissed anyone before!” I said, my face flushing before I could catch myself. 
“I haven’t!” he said. “But I have been kissed, really, attacked,” he smiled innocently…but it wasn’t translating to me as innocent...at all. “I don’t count that!” 
“Like you pounced on me in the clearing, when I was watching the fox,” I said, smiling at the memory. “You have had practice, or rather, seen that before, then?” 
“Dessert, remember – I’m here to feed you, not fight,” he said, changing the subject. 
“Should we take a bodyguard?” I said. “I’m not sure how the women in Scotland will react. Perhaps it is not of you that I should be afraid.” 
“Dessert!” he demanded. “You may not be hungry, but I need to eat.” 
“All right, I’ll let you buy me dessert. Let me run upstairs and tell Daddy what you’ve proposed,” I said, still not convinced he really intended for me to leave the premises with Griffen. “Wait here.” 
I could not believe the change in my father’s attitude. He was wholeheartedly in favor of my going with him – anywhere. He just requested that Griffen have me back by by 10:30 so he could get some rest and not have to wait up late for me. I have to know what Griffen told him. What in the world could he have said to my father for him to be happy about me spending time with…him? In another country? After dark? 
We walked into the little town and found a pub not far from where I was staying. Griffen ordered us lemon icebox pie and chocolate cake. Both were delicious. 
“So, where are you staying?” I asked. 
“Tonight I’m in a little hotel down the street from you,” he said. “Tomorrow, who knows?” 
“How long will you be here?” I asked. 
“Three days,” he said. “Unless you send me away earlier.” 
“But what about Argentina?” 
“Delayed it a week,” he said. “My friend understood. I told him I had some important business I needed to address.” 
We finished the desserts and wandered the streets for some time, admiring the stone, and inhaling the cool, misty moisture. It was so comfortable and so natural being together at last. He walked me back to the hotel and to my room. 
“Elliott,” he whispered into my neck. “I had a great time.” 
“Mmm.” I said, leaning my head against the wall and relishing his lips beneath my ear. 
“What time can I spring you tomorrow?” he asked. 
“I’m yours all day,” I said, his lips tickling my jaw and fingers playing through my hair. 
“Seven, then,” he said. “We’ll make a day of it.” 
“It better be good,” I said. “I’m not sure you can top dessert in Scotland for a second date.” 
He tilted my chin and looked at me, testing my reaction and holding the suspense of his kiss over me until I could hardly stand. My knees began to wobble, but I tried to stay focused on his deep, green, searching, longing eyes. He leaned in slowly, closed his eyes, and kissed me ever so softly on the lips. My whole body stiffened; I felt coiled like a spring wanting to crush him to me and pull him so close he could never leave – could never worry again that he was too dangerous to love. He pulled away, and I felt like I would drown in his dark, complaisant eyes. 
“Tomorrow,” he whispered. He turned, looked back at me, smiled once more, and was gone. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 18 - My Gift

Horses, dear horses! Tornados in your manes! 
Such sensitive sensations, alert to the world – who guides your souls? 
Hooves lift you as wings – you charge on the green 
Inspired by God entertaining His heart...all of you rush to the sun. 

Daddy was asleep when I returned to the room. I, however, was not to be so lucky. Sleep evaded me for hours, for my mind was frantically trying to organize its thoughts about the evening’s revelations. 
At last, around 2:00 am, I slept. When I woke, there was a note from my father on the desk. 
Elliott, 
Enjoy your day with Griffen. Do not worry about me.Be in by 10:30 tonight.
Love, 
Daddy 
I have got to know what Griffen said to him. Astounding. 
I got up, put on my jeans, boots, a turtleneck, and a sweater, packed my purse with mints, and grabbed my Barbour jacket. I had no idea what the weather nor Griffen’s moods would hold, but I was prepared. What an adventure we would have today! 
The concierge rang at 7:00 letting me know I had a guest, and I met him in the lobby. Griffen wore jeans and a Barbour, too, and I smiled to myself that we were thinking along the same lines. 
“Breakfast?” he asked. 
“Is all you think about food?” I asked, but smiled at him nonetheless. “Good morning to you, Griffen.” 
“I’m always hungry,” he said, smiling back at me. “Let’s eat here and talk about what you’d like to do today.” 
“Go ahead, feed me,” I said. “You pick what we’re having for breakfast. I like everything.” 
We had strawberries and toast for our first course. Then eggs, bacon, potatoes, juice, and hot tea to top it off. By the time we had finished the feast, I was not sure we’d be able to go anywhere. 
“So, Miss Marks,” he said. “What would you like to do today in Scotland? Today you pick, tomorrow’s my choice. If, of course, that’s all right with you.” 
“Sounds like a challenge to me,” I smiled. “Let’s find some horses. After all, we are in Scotland. Is there any way we could hunt?” 
“I don’t know where or how they foxhunt in Scotland now, but I’m sure I can find us some horses,” he said and disappeared to pay for our breakfast and make arrangements. 
I sat in the breakfast parlor overlooking the ruins alongside the ancient castle where we were staying. The day looked inviting…a little  misty, but not enough to keep us inside. The gray sky looked as if it would change its mood at any moment, and I considered how similar to the Griffen I knew so far this country seemed. 
“All arranged,” he said. “We’ll just need to make a quick stop by the tack shop in the village beforehand. I am sure you wouldn’t mind a shopping excursion.” 
“Tack store! In Scotland! That’s almost as wonderful as finding horses,” I said and gave him a huge hug and a peck on the cheek. 
“So easy to please, I see,” he grinned. 
Our driver, Fìonan, filled us in on the town, the castle in which I was staying, and the history of the area. Most fascinating to me was how very very old this country was. Even the streets were old, and there were absolutely no power lines. It felt like we were driving through endless coffee table books – every view was a portrait. 
The tack shop had great hats, so of course, I made my first purchase. It was a dark brown waxed cotton hat that would serve double duty as something cute to cover my hat hair after the ride and keep me warm. 
“Try this on, too, Elliott,” Griffen said and handed me a hard hat. 
“I have one of these already,” I said. 
“You’ll want your own for the ride today,” he said. “Trust me.” 
I chose one in brown velvet, since I already had black, and found the wool and leather gloves I had hoped to get while I was here. We both bought some picture books about riding in Scotland. My boots would work for riding, so I bought some half chaps to wear over my jeans. The shop had everything a girl like me could want, and I could have stayed all day. Finally, Griffen pulled me away. 
“Time to go find the horses,” he said. 
Fìonan filled us in on the barn and their customs. He said he had known this family for years and that the scenery on the farm was beautiful. I could hardly wait to see this country from the back of a horse. 
At the barn, we met the owners, Barclay and Una Stewart, who presented us with two sturdy gray horses with long manes and enormous feet. I was glad to see they were wearing English saddles, but surprised that they had saddled only two. 
“Your horses, sir,” Mr. Stewart said as he handed them to Griffen. 
“What are their names?” he asked. 
“Yours is Wallace, and this one is Knox,” he said. 
“Do we have a guide?” I asked. 
“Not today, lass,” Mr. Stewart said. “It seems that Mr. Case is confident that you will be comfortable on your own.” 
“What if I’m not comfortable being alone with him?” I smiled. 
“Well, lass, I can offer you a shotgun, for hire, of course!” he laughed in his lilting, booming manner. 
“That won’t be necessary,” Griffen blushed. “If you will be kind enough, Mr. Stewart, to let me know the general lay of the property, we will return your horses within the next three hours.” 
We mounted our horses, and I was delighted that Griffen had suggested we acquire our own helmets, for the ones they rented to the riders were much less than flattering. They had a white skunk stripe across the top and were certainly not something I would have felt at all elegant wearing. 
As we left the barn at a walk, I could not help but think how amazing this day was, here, with him, in this place. Once we were out on the moor, he cantered up a trail leading over purple-brown fields that stretched for miles. 
The view was breathtaking. Shining silver rivers trickled through the stony hills and bright green valleys. Over one hill we could see an enormous castle in the distance. The anthracite gray sky reluctantly allowed the sun to point a few errant rays to the earth, and the resulting images were magnificent. I felt like I was floating across the top of the world. 
At the top of the hill, Griffen slid off Wallace and held Knox’s bridle so I could dismount. With the horses, his fluid motions never stopped as he secured their reins to some saplings, slipped a pair of hobbles onto Wallace just in case, and ran up their stirrups. Every move he made around them was always with purpose. His movement calmed them and settled them as if he were lulling them to sleep. All the confidence he had from years with horses transcended the continents. He was in his element. 
I knew he was not raised in my kind of world, so I longed to know more about him. What were his mysteries, and why did he have to look so fabulous on a horse? On any horse? He was such a gentleman, yet, why was he so afraid of recapturing that close relationship that he said he treasured with his mother? He can’t have just written off women altogether because of his father’s drunken rages. How could he think he could possibly be like him? 
“Elliott…” he said. 
He let my name hang in the air and hearing him say it like that stirred a waterfall of emotions. I watched his green eyes sparkle with mischief as he recognized my transparent reaction to his voice, to him speaking my name. His dark hair and smooth skin – perfectly proportioned muscles – all there – Tall, so confident – yet so unsure. What was it about his uncertainty and arrogance that made him so very appealing? 
He produced some white cheese, Ritz crackers, and bottles of fruit juice from his pockets and laid all these down on a spot overlooking the countryside. After arranging the snacks, he leaned back to admire his handiwork. 
“Hungry?” he asked. 
Was I? For him. His casual elegance and aloof eyes were driving me crazy. If he did not want me to attack him, or wasn’t planning on attacking me himself, then why did he bring me here? Alone? And why again is my own father ok with this? 
“I can always eat. You weren’t kidding about having it all arranged,” I said, as I selected a cheese and cracker sampling from his presentation. The food was great, and it gave me something to think about beside his shoulders. And what I would do if this moved along faster than I was willing. No shotgun. 
“What can I get you?” he asked. “Cheese? More bread?” 
“Food. Is that all that you think about?” I batted my dark eyes playfully at him. 
“Stop that now or we’ll not get to enjoy this,” he smiled indicating the spectacular view. “You’re making it difficult for me to behave.” 
“Am I, now?” I smiled. Would I even want to use that shotgun? Where are you, Grand? 
Both incidents at once were revelations, Grand’s silence, and his difficulty in behaving. I thought he only had that effect on me. 
“So what did you think about Knox?” he asked, leaning in just enough for me to catch his smell. 
“He’s lovely, and ever so responsive – for something so, large,” I  said. It amazed me to find that the chunky horse was as comfortable in a heavy, but secure way, as Viva. He was certainly more sure-footed on this rocky terrain. 
He was quiet for a moment, and I studied his face while he looked over the hills. “Attraction,” I could hear Grand saying, thank goodness she was on duty. “Honey, you remember it’s not the same as love!” Oh, but I was all so very caught up in him for sure. 
My mind knew to stay away – too experienced with life’s dark side – too perfect – too cool – too totally unacceptable to my parents, or he was before yesterday – but who is he, really? I imagined his arms reaching over and wrapping themselves around me, pulling me closer to him, his smell blanketing me, as he lay beside me in the cool grass. 
“I’m glad you like him,” he said, and I jumped out of my reverie when I heard his voice. 
“By the way, Griffen,” I said. “Whatever did you say to convince my father that you were safe for me to date?” I could not wait to hear this and had almost forgotten to ask, so captivated I had been by this majestic place. 
“I’m not sure I’m ready to tell you,” he said, folding his arms behind his head and lying back on the grass. 
Holy heavens! I’m not going to be able to control myself. Please, Lord, send some restraining angels! 
I shrugged my shoulders and looked away, slightly turning my back to him. “Well, let me know when you are, because I’m certainly not convinced you’re so safe.” 
“And if I don’t?” he said in that low, fabulous grumble I found so ridiculously hard to resist. 
“You’ll have a long lonely day tomorrow,” I said and gave him an impish grin. “I’m the one that needs convincing, remember?” 
He reached up, pulled me down beside him, and wrapped me in his arms. His lips were on mine, and I could find nothing in me to resist. My whole body ached to be attached to him, to be close to every part of him. Where are those angels! Grand? Dear Lord, this has to stop. But, no – I don’t want this to end – we can’t be doing this – this is about to get way out of hand. Stop – help – Oh, just a minute more… 
Griffen’s embrace had synonymously provoked fireworks and alarms that I had never imagined could coexist within me – let alone between two people – and what I could distantly hear in my mind was a raging battle between longing and leaving, passion and principles, now feelings and forever commitments flashing fighting furiously to dominate this moment. 
And then it was over – he stopped kissing me – he had pushed me gently back and was looking deep into my eyes. I was so disoriented that I had no idea where we were or how we arrived. I concentrated on the light green streaks in his clear eyes and tried to regulate my breathing. He traced his fingers along my chin tilting it ever so slightly as if he wanted to make sure I was paying attention. As if I could see anything else…be anywhere else… 
“I promised your father,” he said, “that I would treasure you like the priceless rarity that you are. I told him that he could trust me completely with you and your honor. My intentions are to marry you, some day, if you will have me. And that if, at any moment, you decided I was not the person with whom you would consider spending the rest of your life, I would promptly leave you alone.” 
“So you’re the restraining angel?” I whispered under my breath, still delirious.  
“Your, what?” he asked. 
“Nothing. You are amazing,” I said and laid my head against his chest and closed my eyes against my swirling sights. 
We stayed just like that for a long while, resting in the comfort of each other’s presence. I could feel him breathing, his magnificent chest rising and falling – and hear his steady heartbeat. The cool, damp air had cleared my head, somewhat, and soon we were ready to continue our ride. 
We sat up, grabbed the last bites of cheese, collected our helmets, and walked over to the sleeping horses. 
“One more, please?” he asked as he tilted my chin to his face. 
“So, now you’re asking?” I said. “Such the gentleman.” 
He kissed me softly and my knees buckled. Thankfully, I was leaning against Knox’s sturdy frame, so it went unnoticed, I think. 
“We have about another two hours on this property,” he said. “Let’s take in all of it!” 
We galloped the gorgeous land covering every inch possible. The two horses were as excited as we were to be free to pick their speeds and paths over the countryside in the now misty afternoon. Their manes were long, and Knox’s stung my face as we galloped. I loved taking in this wonderland between his twitching, but confident ears while Griffen galloped alongside, slightly ahead of us. This ride should never end. Being here, with him – in this unforgettable place – I would treasure the moments forever. 
Back at the stables, Mr. Stewart’s son collected Wallace and Knox while we waited for Fionan to escort us to our next adventure. We wandered around the yard noticing that everything was made of stone and even the stalls had concrete floors. A peacock strutted by begging for handouts, and Mrs. Stewart gave us some peanuts to toss to him. 
Fionan arrived shortly and it was my turn, again, to choose the next adventure. 
“Where to, now?” Griffen asked. 
“Fionan, I am sure this beast beside me is hungry...as usual. Would you mind finding us a place to eat?” I said, smiling at Griffen. “Anything is fine with us, just surprise us.” 
“Ay!” he said. “I’ll know of just the place for you.” 
Griffen and I peppered poor Fionan with questions just to keep him talking. Scottish radio babbled in the background as we whizzed way too quickly around way too many dangerous corners for me to watch the road. I elected to listen to Fionan speak and look out the windows – way out the windows – and relish the scenery. 
At last, we arrived at a little pub and in keeping with our new traditions, I let Griffen determine what we would eat. He placed our order, leaned back in his chair, and eyed me across the table. 
“So, what time am I to return Cinderella?” he asked. 
“Not until 10:30, as usual,” I said. “What do you have in mind to occupy us now?” 
“Oh no, we are still on you today. Tomorrow, you’re mine,” he growled and leaned in close enough to make me want to run back to our hillside… 
“Well, then,” I said, blinking to clear my head. “After this, let’s just go back to where we are staying and wander around the village. I’ll leave Daddy a note checking in. No plans, let’s just do whatever the mood hits.” 
“For me, then, we’d not leave the hotel,” he said.  
“I’m shocked, Griffen! You are supposed to be watching my honor!” I said. “You made that gallant promise to my dear father, remember?” 
“Yes, there is that,” he snapped, but his eyes were twinkling. 
“Now that you mention it, though,” I said, “that was incredible of you to say that to him. The more I learn about you the more irresistible you become.” 
He was quiet and dropped his eyes. He may have blushed, but I couldn’t be sure. 
“I meant that, Elliott,” he said. 
“Which part?” I asked. 
The waiter brought the food and I, of course, let him relish the first few bites without interruption. I, too, was beginning to appreciate food for its flavor and not just as a means to end a stomach ache. He smiled his approval of the selection, then leaned away from the table – collecting his thoughts. The lighthearted mood he radiated prior to dinner clouded, somewhat. He seemed to be gathering his thoughts. 
“Elliott, I told you I have all kinds of crazy mixed up emotions surrounding women, and this is one of them,” he said. “Now that I’ve dashed any hope of my being able to live without you, I want to do this right.” 
“You, who you are, and what you represent are all way too important to me to just, well, take you, dating you, that is…lightly,” he said. “If this works out and I do mean if, then I want our first night together to be…the night you become my wife.” 
I was speechless. 
Eating in silence, say something to him. What to say? I am so amazed that he is making this statement and not me. But it is exactly how I feel. How I believe. How I was raised to respect and honor love and marriage. How can I say that without sounding…trite? 
Still speechless. 
The waiter returned to refill our drinks. I took a large gulp of water and still could not make any words form on my lips. 
“Say something before he misinterprets your silence!” Grand was screaming. 
I put down my utensils and reached for his hands. He gave them to me, a puzzled expression on his face. I closed my eyes and brought his hands to my lips squeezing them gently, imploring him to understand how I was feeling, and looked back up at him. 
“You, Griffen, truly are my gift. I know that now with all my heart.” 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 19 - The Shoot

When I bestride him, I soar, I am a hawk: he trots the air; the earth sings when he touches it; the basest horn of his hoof is more musical than the pipe of Hermes.
 –William Shakespeare, Henry V 

Griffen said he and Fionan would pick me up at 6:30, so breakfast came early the next morning. 
Daddy had been amused and truly happy about the day we spent together. I was hoping that Fionan was his spy, but he assured me that he trusts Griffen. I grudgingly agreed, for I did not want to him to know how quickly and shamelessly I was falling for him. He left me with my remaining strawberries to catch an early run before his string of meetings. 
After he left, I thought about how Griffen and Fionan had been conspiring the evening before, so there was no telling what he had prepared for today. I’d never seen him so excited. I was to wear my Barbour and the hat I acquired at the tack store as well as anything that was in “the color of a pheasant.” I wasn’t sure what colors were in a pheasant, and I certainly was not going to ask. So, I opted for muted browns, grays, and gold. 
This was even more strange than getting wardrobe advice from Christopher and Ben. He was telling me what to wear in another country for a day-hike? I chose a layer of light long underwear, khakis, a dark purple turtleneck, and my chocolate sweater. 
As always, he was ever so prompt. 
“Good morning, my Elliott,” he said and gave me a kiss on the cheek. “Your chariot awaits.” 
I gaped at him. He was dressed in the most ridiculous outfit I had ever seen. Griffen had on a tweed hat, coat, and vest, tall olive socks that went up to his knees, some kind of red flag just below his knees, and short, knicker-looking pants with brown eyelet shoes that looked like something my grandfather would wear. He seemed to be serious about this, so I stifled my laugh. 
“Sherlock Holmes, I presume?” I grinned. 
“Very funny,” no humor in his answer. At all. 
“Are we going to solve a murder today?” I asked, innocently, of course. I could not let this drop. 
“Do you really not have any idea what we are doing?” he asked, now donning his smirk again. 
“None.” 
“Well, good, ” he said, not hiding his pleasure at this revelation very well. “We have a pretty good drive, so let’s go.” 
We climbed into the dark green Range Rover and off we went. I still wasn’t used to riding on the left side of the road. The drive, again, was spectacular. Fionan was also dressed like Griffen, but in a different tweed. I noticed that while his coat and pants weren’t cut from exactly  the same tweed cloth, they still matched, and I was beginning to think this must be some kind of community party we were attending. I assaulted them both with questions, but neither was helping me solve the mystery. The more I asked, the more amused they got. 
At last, we were pulling into a long drive. The grounds were immaculate and large birds were strolling along the lawn. 
“Is that a…golf course?” I asked. Surely we are not playing golf. Or, rather, surely they don’t expect me to know how to play golf. Maybe this is what they wear for golf in Scotland. 
“Aye, that is a golf course for sure,” Fionan said. He could hardly contain his mirth. They were getting on my nerves. 
“What kind of birds are those…on the course?” I asked. 
“You tell me,” Griffen said. 
“I would not have asked if I knew what they were,” I snapped. 
The immaculate green grass was peppered with birds a little larger than chickens. From a distance, they looked stately, but they were too dark to identify from the drive. Behind them, stone fences that looked like they had been placed there centuries before ringed the course. I could not get enough of admiring the old stone everywhere – that’s just not something a Mississippi girl sees daily. 
“Look closely at this one, coming up – over there,” he said. 
The long tail was unmistakable this time. 
“A pheasant!” I said. “It’s beautiful! Wow, is that what all of those pretty birds are? There are so many!” 
“Aye, it is, lassie,” Fionan said. “And fine sport they provide as well. The best.” 
Sport? What sport? And then it dawned on me. 
“Are you going to shoot them?” I asked, my throat constricting. I did not want to hear the answer. 
“Aye lass, he’s going to try,” Fionan said. “But I dare say they certainly have the advantage!” 
I didn’t have time to recover before we arrived at the base of an enormous castle that made Hogwarts look small in comparison. I felt like we’d driven back a century and the clothing now made a little more sense. Tweeds of every color and texture set the tone and, although there weren’t many, ladies were draped on the arms of some shooters. They looked so graceful, so elegant, with their muted scarves, beautiful woolen coats and, of course, their festive, but oh, so appropriate hats. 
They monitored our approach. Pointed but indirect gazes revealed they were a tightly knit group. I was uneasy and felt unusually self-conscious, so I made a huge effort to be seen and not heard – hoping my childhood training and manners would shield me from acting too out-of-place. I also noticed the admiring glances the ladies gave to Griffen and Fionan, noting that they looked much better in their outfits than the others – even if the outfits still were strange to me. 
Greetings were brisk, but not unfriendly, and Fionan said this party was shooting together all week, but they had an opening, or “peg”, available for us this morning. Griffen’s uncle had made the arrangements, as he was a regular at this estate. 
The air was festive and celebratory, similar to a horse show, but much more reserved. I could sense the camaraderie among the shooters but something else, as well. Most likely, this was something competitive since it involved so many men, but I still was uncertain. And still very quiet. 
As we were introduced all around, I detected a bit of a challenge in the men’s eyes as they welcomed us. Several of them knew Griffen’s  uncle, but had not met him. From the sounds of their banter, Griffen would have some big shoes to fill riding in on his reputation. As Fionan and Griffen gathered their gear, the others’ eyes passed politely over me, but held at the sight of the guns. Although I did not know what they saw, I certainly knew what they registered – admiration. 
Griffen’s gun case was rectangular and wrapped in well-worn leather. The guns were in pieces in their own partitioned compartments within the case, and Griffen was putting them together as efficiently as if they were his own – like he had done this before a number of times. His ease and manner with these guns reminded me how he worked around horses – smoothly, confidently, and with great respect for the associated gear and its presentation. The guns’ case smelled of freshly cleaned metal and the inside was padded with green billiard cloth much like my mother’s silver service. As I leaned in for a closer inspection, I could see the intricate engraving on them. 
“Griffen, those guns are….really pretty,” I said. “In fact, they look like works of…art…or something.” 
“You have expensive taste, Elliott,” he smiled. “These belong to the estate’s owner, Mr. Hamish. He and my uncle were roommates in college. The only reason I get to shoot them is that he likes to brag on how great they are, and we happen to be the same size.” 
“Guns have to fit?” I asked, amazed. 
“Exactly,” he smiled. 
Fionan picked up one gun and a big leather bag that looked like a purse. 
“Speed bag,” he explained, “for the shells.” 
I noticed a few of the men asking to hold his gun and that their guns, too, were equally as lovely. They admired these weapons like we admired our horses – but with even more reverence. I heard names like McKay Brown, Purdey, and Holland and Holland. 
Soon, Angus, the gamekeeper, called the group together. 
Griffen whispered, “Now he’s going to explain the hunt program, then we’ll draw for pegs.” 
Was there no end to the mystery? Drawing for pegs? 
Suddenly, Angus pulled a small silver box from his coat pocket and passed it to the shooter on his right. The man opened the box and withdrew what looked like a small white toothpick, inspected it, then smiled briefly. When Griffen’s turn came, I took a closer look and found that the “toothpick” was actually ivory and engraved. Griffen looked at me with a mild frown. 
“We just drew the worst spot in the line…the far end,” he said. 
After everyone received their pegs, Griffen, Fionan, and I returned to the Range Rover and were driven to the place we would shoot. We walked with the group to our pegs. Other people ranged across the moor and disappeared to their assigned locations. Each person, or gun, had with him a loader and, in some cases, a spectator. In our case, I assumed Fionan was our “loader” and I was the spectator, which suited me just fine. Fionan, however, had a gun, too, and I was not sure yet of the significance. 
Griffen’s gun was assembled, but encased in a gun slip as an extra precaution that none were loaded. This was somewhat comforting to note that if people stumbled around me I was not yet likely to lose a limb. Having had no real experience with firearms, I was decidedly nervous, but determined not to show it. In keeping with the other ladies in the party, I took his right arm in my left hand, and he raised his eyebrow at my gesture.  
“Trying to distract me already, are you?” he growled under his breath and glanced down to deliver a wink. 
“Anything for the birds,” I challenged, not loud enough, however, for anyone else to hear…yet. “I’m on their side.” 
He glared a little at this remark, but otherwise kept his thoughts to himself. 
I watched the other shooter to our left get ready and noted his “spectator” was now sitting politely behind him on a “shooting stick”. They, however, only held one gun between them. I stepped back to follow suit and watch. Still more people appeared behind us with sleek Labrador retrievers – two and three to a group, some black and others yellow. They were quiet and remarkably obedient, but panting in anticipation. I resisted the urge to go pet them – electing to remain silent, still, and supportive for whatever was about to happen. Everyone watched the skies. 
More unfamiliar sensations. I could hear occasional muffled shouts and whistles from deep in the woods in front of us. Then a rhythmic tap, tap, tap. Fionan caught my quizzical look. 
“Those are the beaters hitting trees with their walking sticks,” he said. 
I wondered why. 
“Over!” Fionan called. 
A pair of birds floated effortlessly overhead and Griffen’s gun popped twice – two down. He turned around and grinned at me smugly as the three that flew over the neighboring peg escaped their shot. 
“I’ll have to be more alert next time,” I said quietly, hoping to worry him that I’d upset the flight. But I had to admit that the whole scene was rather cool. The birds stopped in mid-flight. I supposed that if there was an elegant way to die, this would be it. 
Several more flew over – few escaped. A pair flew between the pegs and neither shooter risked taking the low bird. The shoot looked more like a performance, a ballet in the skies. Birds soaring and falling, but all to the perfect rhythm of shooter, and loader, and again and again. Sometimes fast, other times, slow, but all accomplished with fluidity and precision. I marveled at the way these gentlemen made this look so effortless. 
Soon the sky blackened with more birds than I had ever seen. There must have been fifty in one wave, and I was caught completely off guard. 
Gunfire cracked up and down the line, interspersed with pheasants’ cackling. 
Griffen was shooting constantly, and each time one gun was empty, Fionan handed him the other and this continued for several minutes. Birds were falling all around making soft thwumping sounds. Fionan kept cheering “well killed, sir,” and all in all, the festive atmosphere was infectious. 
After that flight, there was a minute’s break, then wave after wave kept coming. This time, I watched Griffen as he expertly waited on shots that seemed to be ones that he would be able to kill “well” as Fionan said. Behind me the dogs sat – still but for their eyes…panting eagerly. I could not wait to see them in action. 
A horn sounded, and guns were unloaded. The retrievers charged to their task, picking up bird after bird and gently bringing all to hand. Watching the handlers work their dogs was magical, and I was not eager to leave them when Griffen indicated I was to walk to the trucks. 
“Well?” he asked as I assumed my oh-so-proper position at his side. 
“Murderer,” I said. “You were right about yourself.” But my words held no malice. 
This was no murder. It was a well-choreographed performance with the most complicated set of rules and manners and sportsmanship that I had ever encountered. Calling this murder would be akin to saying horse shows were cruel to the horses. 
He ignored the jibe, “we’ll have peg number three at the next place,” he said. “Still not the best location, but we certainly held our own at this one.” 
“What do they do with all the birds?” I asked. 
“They get eaten,” he said. “Better life for them than to have been raised in a pen, don’t you think?” 
“When you put it that way, of course,” I said. 
“The next spot may not be as good as that,” he said. “But we can hope!” 
“For the pheasants’ sake, I hope not!” I said and he actually blushed. Fabulous. He looks like a little boy. 
He squeezed my hand in his arm and for a moment, I wished we were not in such crowded company. But oh, how fun it was to have him parade me around and delighting in showing me how he shoots. He was positively floating, and I loved watching him have so much fun. 
“Wait ’til you see Panzer in action when we get home,” he grinned. “Duck hunting is a little rougher than this, but it’s really fun, too. And the best in the world is in Mississippi.” 
I really liked how he said we and home in the same sentence. Perhaps this fairy tale would last longer than three days… 
Soon we were at our next location. Unlike the former open place, this area felt like we were walking in Hansel and Gretel’s thick forest. Lush vegetation surrounded us, and we crossed several rocky brooks bubbling through the underbrush. After we were settled into our peg, a lovely Scottish girl joined us with three retrievers. 
“Would it be so terrible for me to sit with her?” I asked. 
“No problem, I am sure. Just make sure she doesn’t mind,” he said, a hint of disappointment in his tone. 
“I’ll be sure to watch you, too,” I smiled. 
Mary did not mind our company, and her dogs were delighted to have a new person scratch their ears. They knew what was coming and were polite, but all business. Their golden brown eyes scanned the skies for the birds they knew would come. 
Again the birds came, tentatively at first, then in waves, then a trickle here and there, and too soon the horn sounded. By now, I was positively enjoying the spectacle, despite my preconceptions. I left Mary to her work and was making my way back to Griffen when I felt, then heard an explosion to my right. 
“Here here! Aye – unload – unload your gun…Damn it man!” Fionan shouted and ran toward the next peg. Griffen was immediately at my side, rage burning in his eyes. 
“Are you hurt?” he asked, for I was somehow on the ground. 
“N…n…no,” I stammered. “I don’t think so.” 
He helped me up as he muttered some angry expletives not quite under his breath, but with much fury. His eyes bore into the man on our right, and I feared for his safety. Fionan and the other man’s loader were already alongside the man who was insisting on making his way over to us, apologizing profusely with each step. 
“Accident, sir, I am so sorry, and the lady, are you all right, miss?” he stammered. 
“Yes, of course,” I said, a little confused. “I’m fine.” 
“I don’t know what happened, my gun,” he said. “Must have discharged accidentally. I am so glad you weren’t hurt.” 
“I’m fine, sir,” I said mostly to Griffen. “I must have stumbled.” 
Griffen’s face was stone, but he managed to nod at the desperately pleading man – I was still a little worried he was going to punch him. 
He was not taking the hint and continued to babble and fuss. 
“Really, I’m fine, sir, I assure you,” I said giving him my most winning smile. “No, I can walk, see?” 
At last, he left, placated with my animated responses. Griffen’s face was still rock hard, but the blood had returned to his cheeks and his eyes were not quite so dark. 
Fionan had gathered our gear and gone ahead of us back to the lunch area. As we walked alongside each other arm in arm again in the beautiful woods, I felt him relax, somewhat. He was still tense, and I didn’t want him to make a scene at the picnic after such a spectacular morning. 
“All my fault,” I said, rolling my eyes for effect. 
“What are you talking about?” he said through gritted teeth. “Lucky for him he didn’t kill you, or worse.” 
“We have spent nearly two days together and you have not once had an occasion to rescue me,” I smiled looking up at him and blinking my best damselindistress face into his angry one. “I was hoping to wake up next to you again in a hospital gown.” 
“That’s not funny,” he growled, but with a little less edge. 
“Yes…it is,” I nudged gripping his right arm with my right hand. “I need to feel adored. You’ve been ignoring me all morning gazing at the skies.” 
“I can fix that,” he leaned in a little too close. 
“Your idea to be surrounded by people today,” I said, lifting my chin up and away from his approach. 
“We can certainly bag this…just a nod to Fionan…” he continued. 
“No way, inspector,” I said. “I will not take you away from the promised food and the chance for you to gloat over your shooting prowess.” 
The picnic looked like something out of a Barbour catalog – tartans were spread over folding tables covered with bangers, or sausages, cheese, and several types of crusty bread. Deep, hot bowls of soup emitted little streams of steam and had the whole hill smelling delicious. The food was served in wicker baskets with real utensils – no paper or plastic. Even the napkins were cloth. For dessert there were several types of cookies and small cakes. I ate all this with hot cups of mulled wine to abate the damp chill from the late morning shoot. 
All the shooters made much of Griffen’s ability with his matched guns. The gentlemen had relaxed after the incident, much to my relief. It seemed as if their ladies, too, were doing what they could to lift the conversation from anger and outrage to shooting ability, pretty guns, and general merriment. In admiration, I realized they were as adept at their task of keeping the peace as the retrievers were in picking up all the birds. 
The lunch was over way too soon, and we bade farewell to our new acquaintances. Mr. Salter, who had almost shot me, finally calmed down and made us promise we would visit him at his estate  in England. He seemed pleased with our vague assurances, and we finally were able to escape to continue the rest of the day’s adventure. 
“That was fabulous!” I said to Griffen as we returned to the Range Rover for the ride back to our village. “I actually enjoyed watching that and understand a little more about hunting, I think. It certainly was not just about killing, and that was a surprise.” 
He smiled and winked conspiratorially at Fionan. “Told you she wouldn’t be a problem.” 
“A problem?” I asked, anger rising in my tone. “What kind of problem?” 
“Oh, you know, waving your arms around and running off the birds,” he said. 
“I’m so sorry to disappoint you,” I snapped. Knowing full well that had been my intention if I had not been so intimidated by the ceremony. 
“I had faith that you, of all people, would understand shooting,” he said, looking back at me over the seat and melting me with his gaze. 
“Yes, well, it was the clothes that made me behave,” I said. “And seeing the other ladies, well, doing their part.” 
Griffen caught the sarcasm, but it was lost on Fionan. 
“Aye, yes, lass. We like to think of our ladies like the best gun dogs…lovely, but not flashy; silent, competent, and biddable,” Fionan grinned. 
“International menaces, all of you!” I said as I playfully smacked the back of Fionan’s head. “I’ll deal with you later!” I said to Griffen. 
“I’m counting on it, lass,” he said. 
This time it was my turn to blush. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 20 - Mother

Runaway horse, running away…push the panic from my mind… 
She’s not going to fall…she’s moving too fast…stay with this…ride it out…
Muscles surging, black hooves flying, eagerness swelling in my soul… 
Pull…makes no difference…not enough room to circle… 
Faster and faster…jump looming ahead…panic returned…pastures beyond. 

Our halcyon days in Scotland flew by too rapidly. Griffen and my father even enjoyed the time they spent together over dinner. Daddy was astounded that we had been able to attend a driven shoot and wanted all the details. Never a hunter, he did appreciate shooting sports in general. 
Griffen left for Argentina the following day, and the remaining time I spent in Scotland was not nearly as eventful. I enjoyed the sights with Daddy, but of course, missed Griffen. Not having him around was causing a dull ache – something I had never before experienced and not something I enjoyed. He texted me daily and called every evening, but it made me want him with me all that much more. It frightened me to have become this attached to him so quickly. 
Upon our return home, Mother went right for the jugular and assaulted us both with Griffen questions – jet lag notwithstanding. It was a good thing that the return trip had been uneventful, and I had slept on the plane. 
“I want full details, Elliott, no holding back!” she beamed mischievously. “How ever did he convince your father to turn you loose with him in Scotland?” 
“He told Daddy he wanted to marry me someday and would treat me like the treasure I am,” I smiled. 
Mother paled. I thought she would feint. 
“He said that to him?” she asked, stunned. 
“Well, something along those lines,” I said. 
“And your father believed him?” Mother continued. 
“He must have been quite convincing,” I said. “And, he was true to his word, Mother. He really is a gentleman.” Most of the time. But I feel like I’m on a runaway horse. Help me. 
“Either that or really dangerous! Oh Elliott, he does sound fabulous, but, well, you know,” she said. And I did know. The elephant in the room was waving its trunk around. “I can’t choose for you, but I can and want to help you – as long as you want me to.” 
“You know I do, Mother,” I said. “I am really tired, though, and would like the chance to rest. I’ll give you a play-by-play tomorrow I promise.” 
The next day I was able to gather my thoughts and make the most of my time with Mother. I confessed that Griffen was way past just under my skin, and she appreciated my candor. We were wrapping Christmas presents, and the mindless endless task helped me think about my questions.  
“Mother, how do I know how his…parents…the way they treated each other…will affect him…or how he treats me?” I asked. 
“That, dear, only comes in time,” she said. “You have to keep looking past those green eyes to see his soul. It takes time – a lot of time – to get to know people. And even then, it’s always a big step of faith. Just keep your head about you as best as you can and learn who he is. If you would work at that as much as you practice your riding, you should be just fine.” 
I tossed the package of bows at her and she smiled. 
“Really, Elliott, just remember that when you are dating, everything matters. Because once you’re married, what bothers or concerns you about him may very likely get ten times worse. You can’t change anyone. Make your choice knowing as much as you can about what you are getting and knowing that you absolutely can not and will not live without him…that you will do anything for him – not expecting anything in return. That kind of love works,” she said. 
My phone buzzed, and I dug through the piles of wrapping paper to find it. 
Sunny and 85 degrees. Just finished a ride on the Pampas. Rather be watching you than gauchos. Griffen. 
I showed Mother. 
“Can you believe he’s riding in Argentina?” I said. “I thought they spent their whole time in the city – in Buenos Aires. I can’t wait to hear about what they’re doing this time…in the summertime weather!” 
“Expensive hobbies even if it is doing things for other people, dear,” Mother said. “Is he any closer to deciding what he wants to do for a living?”   
“I don’t know, but I’ll run that line of questioning at him soon,” I promised. “I’m curious about that as well. I do know his mother had a lot of life insurance and he got all that once he turned 21 – but he definitely spends – at least on his horse and on me! His uncle had been managing everything for him since he adopted him. That’s all I know for now.” 
“His uncle is certainly a fine man, I’ll give him that. And he raised two very sharp boys,” Mother said. “I’ve checked him out thoroughly. In fact, it’s too bad both of them are married, or I’d be notifying your sisters!” 
“Oh Mother, you never stop!” I smiled. 
“Elliott, marriage is such a tremendous blessing – at least it has been for me. I want you and your sisters to be happy with or without someone in your life. It’s been so rewarding to me, and I want you to have that same kind of relationship with your spouses…and my grandkids someday of course,” she said, tossing the bows back in my face. 
I was glad she was being positive about this, but I still wasn’t sure I could trust my judgment, especially when Griffen was around. I did not know how to ask Mother this without being embarrassed, though, so I tried another angle. 
“Do you think Griffen will be all right, I mean, safe?” I asked. “I can’t imagine growing up like he did. It’s bound to make a difference in how he sees things.” 
“Elliott, of course it will, but people from the best of families can turn out to be bad. You know you choose who you become in spite of or because of your upbringing. It certainly helps to have been brought up well, but Griffen knows right from wrong. His mother  and his uncle both made sure of that. He’s an adult. The whole purpose of dating is to get to know who someone is – their values – their dreams,” she said. “As far as safe goes, you need to be sure you don’t get yourself in a bad position with him until you know him better… until you know you can trust him.” 
All back on me and my choices. Why is this not so black and white? I wish she’d just tell me what to do like she did when I was little! I frowned, and she kept watching me – not obviously, but I knew she was all tuned in to what I would say next. We worked on the presents in silence for a while letting those words sink in. 
“Mother, it hurts when he’s not here,” I finally said. “And I’ve only known him just a little while. This is crazy. I am not sure I can make good decisions about him any more.” 
“It’s because you realize that very thing that you will, dear,” she said, hugging me close to her. “You have everything you need right here,” she said wrapping her hands around my head, cradling my face in her hands, and kissing me on the forehead. “Your Daddy and I will help you however you want us to. Besides, God’s not going to guide you wrong. Just keep us all in the loop, no matter how hard that gets. You can’t imagine how much we love you. But someday I hope you will.” 
We gathered all the presents and took them to the tree. The excitement of Christmas was dimmed considerably knowing that I would not see Griffen until after the first of the year…two more weeks. It felt like eternity, but I was glad we were able to talk daily. He never tired of asking me questions and describing in detail every bird, flower, and of course, horse he encountered in Argentina. 
The kids he was helping were so fun, too, and every time he found a home for one of them, he hardly spoke of anything else. There were so many that it sounded almost hopeless…like he was rescuing thousands of stranded starfish…one at a time… his own small way of contributing to the helpless people in the world. How could someone with such a heart be dangerous? Why does he think of himself that way? He still seems to good to be true. 
An explosion in the kitchen brought me out of my reverie. 
“Mother?” I called and ran to the room. 
“I’m fine, dear, just dropped some pans,” she said. “Help me clean up this mess – I’m trying to do too many things at once and everyone is coming over and – well, thanks.” 
I gathered the strewn pots and other items that had crashed to the floor. Mother seemed unusually on edge, and I reached over to hug her. 
“Is everything all right?” I said. “Really?” 
“No, Elliott. I don’t know what to tell you about Griffen,” she said. “And it’s killing me. I know you’ll be fine, but a mother worries, you see. If I tell you something wrong and he hurts you, I’ll never forgive myself.” 
This was unnerving – me comforting my mother about whom I choose to date. “Mother, I know you are trying to help. And I really appreciate it. I promise I’ll be careful,” I said. 
She looked up at me and smiled, not convinced. 
“I will,” I said again with more conviction, still nervous about how this conversation was going. 
“I know,” she said. “I just hope it’s not too late for you to be able to stay clear-headed about Griffen. Remember, I know how you feel, Elliott. I’ve been there – I am so eternally grateful that your father is  who he is. Once I fell in love with him, I think he could have been a serial killer, and I’d have followed him to the ends of the earth. Maybe not, hopefully not, but I remember that feeling, too. It is so very powerful and irresistible – and for this to be your first time, too.” 
“No kidding, Mother,” I said. “And look what it took to turn my heart!” 
“I love you, dear,” she said. “I hope he really does, too. That can make all the difference.” 
My telephone rang – Griffen. Mother looked at me and smiled – she gave me a little wave as she left the room. 
“Griffen?” I said. 
“Expecting any other calls from this number?” he said. 
“Definitely you, I hear. So, what glorious adventures have you had today?” I said. 
“You got my text about riding – so you know I got to play with the gauchos. Three of the boys and I got to help a farmer move some of his cattle and it was great. You would love their horses – all so smooth and easy to ride at a slow canter. You can just rock along on them all day. This rancher is going to let these three boys live with his men and work for him starting next month. The kids are so excited, and I’m glad they all got along so well.” 
“That’s wonderful!” I said. “Those boys will always be grateful for this, Griffen. You’re doing such a good thing there.” 
“I keep telling myself that,” he said. “Because all I want to do now is come home. It’s hard to be away from you, Elliott.” 
“I’ll be here, you just keep saving those kids,” I said, delighted that he was really missing me. 
“I wrapped your Christmas present today,” he said – mischievously. 
“Griffen! That’s not fair. I have no idea what to get you, and now this puts the pressure on me,” I said. 
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he said. “You don’t need to buy me a thing. I really want just an hour alone with you.” 
I was glad no one could see me blush. But I bet he could hear it. 
“Just one hour?” 
“Is that too much to ask?” 
“Well, it just seems strange that you want to put a time limit on a Christmas gift from me.” 
“Well, then, how about fourteen hours? That leaves you ten for sleeping.” 
“It’s a deal,” I said. “Let me know when you’re back in the country so I can work you onto my dance card.” 
“I’m not sharing you any more,” he said growling a bit. “Are you going to make me book you now for the rest of your life?” 
“Oh, we’ll see about that,” I said. “Much more water has to pass under this bridge. And, I’ll have to see that present.” 
“Lump of coal,” he said. “Nothing special.” 
“In that case, give me some dates.” 
“Every day in December and January.” 
“When are you coming back?” I said, ignoring his remark. 
“After Christmas. I’ll fly into Jackson, spend a few days with you, I hope, to collect my present, then back to school.” 
I tried to contain the grin but my heart felt like it would explode when he talked about collecting alone time with me. 
“I can give you your present, then,” I said. 
“Fourteen would be great, but I really will settle for just an hour, but it has to be just us,” he said. “No distractions.”  
My head was getting foggy and we were in opposing hemispheres. I told my mother that this was not going well in the judgment department. Why won’t she listen? Where is Grand when I need her in my head? Where has she been? She’s been strangely quiet since Griffen appeared in Scotland. 
“I’ll see what I can do,” I stammered, my heart already thumping in my ears. 
“Perfect. When is the next Delta hunt?” he asked. 
“New Years’ Day,” I said. “Why?” 
“Let’s spend that weekend at my Uncle’s. I really want to take you duck hunting,” he said. “We can foxhunt, too, if the cast is at 10:00.” 
“Really? We can do both?” I said. 
“You bet – my uncle will love this, and he’s been wanting to meet you. I think my cousins and their wives are coming, too, that weekend.” 
“Likewise,” I said, but my stomach gave a little lurch at the thought of meeting his family. 
“We can set it up for you to stay at our neighbor’s camp. They won’t mind, and we’re right next door. I even have a stall for Viva,” he said. 
“That sounds fun,” I said. “You’ll have to give me wardrobe advice… again.” 
“Not a problem,” he said. “I’m sure we have enough clothes to take care of you at the camp. They’ll probably swallow you, but should work.” 
I did not like the thought of borrowing clothes that would swallow me, but I wanted to be warm, too. I did know that duck hunting is a cold, wet, activity, so probably best to do as the Romans… 
“What are you doing tomorrow?” I asked, hoping to keep him on the phone as long as possible. 
“Back to Buenos Aires and to the orphanage. We may take the kids to a movie, but we are not sure yet,” he said. 
We were both quiet for a moment. 
“I really do miss you,” he said. “No one here seems to need rescuing. It’s too peaceful without you around.” 
“Rescue those boys for now, Griffen,” I said. “They need you. Then come and get me. I’ll be sure to kick up some trouble for you when you return.” 
“I’m counting on it,” he said. “Goodbye.” 
“Goodbye, Griffen,” and the line went dead. I felt like I’d been punched. Two more weeks until I would see him. An eternity. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 21 - His Gift

Hunting with Viva, galloping, galloping, reaching and stretching for more – I could tell she was eager as I, as much exalted with our speed, the air, and the freedom. 

An hour – alone. No distractions. It is amazingly difficult to coordinate such an expedition. The alone part was the challenge. 
Sure, we could drive somewhere in a car, but that’s not exactly being together. Renting a hotel room was too seedy, and I’m not sure even with him on my side, I could stop myself from jumping in way too deep with him in that environment. Plus, this is the South, and we’d have to drive for hours before we could be somewhere that no one knew us – and then, probably a cousin or something would show up and get the wrong idea. Going to the park, even in the wintertime, could be crowded – especially in Mississippi’s mild winters. 
So, it was a good thing that I had two weeks to plan this. If all he wanted was an hour alone with me, then I’d find a way to make that happen. The tricky part was December and an indefinite hour. I  finally settled on a picnic at the barn coordinated by Robin. I could rent two horses for the afternoon and ride to a spot that few people ever visited. I’d make us a picnic like the one we had in Scotland and that would be my gift to him. 
Once those details were in place, I could hardly wait for him to arrive. It took all the willpower I had not to badger him into telling me exactly when he would land so I could meet him at the airport. I needed to reserve some semblance of dignity, even if Grand was no longer coaching me in my head. I guess they’ve all abandoned me now and are leaving these decisions up to me when I need them the most. Terrible timing! 
At last, my phone buzzed. 
Will be in Canton in an hour. Hoping to collect my Christmas present. May I buy your dinner? .
Yes, of course. As long as you choose the place. I’m sure you have what you want in mind already. (I texted him back)
Absolutely. 
Mother was beside herself, for she had not yet had the chance to see Griffen under these circumstances. Daddy wanted to hear about his trip to Argentina and what he was doing with the kids, but I made them promise not to keep him here longer than absolutely necessary. I was ready to have him all to myself. 
The door rang and Daddy met him, hand outstretched in greeting. “Come on in, Griffen,” he said putting an arm around him and ushering him to the den. “I want to hear all about Argentina, but I expect  you’re ready for food. Elliott? Griffen’s here. Griffen, you remember my wife, Lisa.” 
Like I was not holding my breath in anticipation of this moment that I had dreamed about for three weeks... I waited a heartbeat for them to chatter introductions then appeared, and it took all of my self-control to resist leaping into his arms. 
“Good to see you, Griffen.” I said. “Merry Christmas.” 
“Merry Christmas to you, too,” he said, finally in person in his magical voice. 
We were out the door and into his rental car before either of us could be pinned by more questions. I was dying to kiss him but restrained myself. He walked to his side of the car, sat behind the wheel, and leaned towards me. I had to hold my seat to keep from pouncing. 
“Two Rivers?” he asked. 
“Perfect,” I smiled. 
“My Christmas present?” he leaned in a little closer. 
“No, I’ll have that for you tomorrow,” I said trying to remember to breathe. “You said alone, so I didn’t think a restaurant would work.” 
“What did you have in mind?” he smiled and leaned back a little. 
“You’ll see tomorrow around 11:00,” I said. Breathing regulated… for now. 
“Well, I have yours in the back,” he said. “Want it now?” 
Want you, green eyes, but the present will do. 
“Sure!” I said. 
When we pulled into the parking lot, he reached between the seats passing ever so closely beside me…breathe breathe breathe… not helping…he smells so fine…so close. 
“I hope you like it,” he said as he handed it to me. 
The box was about the size of a large shoe box – it was a large shoe box. Shoes? I looked at him quizzically. He grinned. 
Inside the box was a tangle of pale leather. I lifted it out and held it high. 
“A bridle?” I asked. It was intricately hand woven out of what felt like rawhide. “It is beautiful!” 
“I’m glad you like it,” he smiled. “This is what the gauchos use on their horses, and it’s handmade.” 
“Really?” I said. “Did one of the gauchos you met make this?” 
“No, I did,” he said. “They showed me how, and I worked on it all week. It’s for Viva. I hope it fits.” 
“You made my horse a Christmas present!” I said, delighted. “Only I would appreciate your making something for the other woman in your life! Thank you, Griffen. I will treasure this forever.” 
I leaned over for his cheek, and he met me in the middle with his lips. My carefully calculated façade crumbled as he kissed me. All the longing and waiting and wondering vanished as I pulled his face closer to mine. I felt his hands in my hair and forgot everything about my fears…of him…of myself…of what would happen…of who he is. He was here, with me, and nothing else mattered. I felt him pull back, and he held my chin in his hand. 
“Elliott, I missed you. You can’t imagine how much I missed having you with me,” he said in a low, silky tone. “I don’t know how I’m going to stand leaving you tonight after having been away from you so long.” 
“Griffen, you’re delirious,” I said, dizzy myself. “Let’s get you some food.” 
As difficult as it was, we left the car and went into the restaurant. His ritualistic ordering procedures were somewhat rushed tonight, and I smiled to myself. 
“So what do you have in mind for my Christmas present?” he asked, leaning in intently with his piercing eyes. 
“You’ll have to wait until tomorrow,” I said. “I don’t want to ruin the suspense. Besides, I could never top what you made me.” 
“Oh, I bet you can,” he said. 
“You’re making me nervous now, let’s not talk about tomorrow,” I said, feeling like my plans were not going to meet his expectations. 
For the first time, he skipped the appetizers and ordered entrees. I let him pick for me, since I knew I liked everything on the menu. He ordered a glass of red wine for himself and sweet tea for me. We sipped our water and mostly looked at each other…a lot. It felt so good to be close to him again. Some of my neighbors stopped by the table to speak, and I introduced Griffen to them all. 
“We’ll be engaged by Sunday,” I said. “No secrets in Canton. Being on a date with a stranger will make headlines!” 
“Let’s give them something to talk about,” he growled and leaned in dangerously close in spite of the table’s size. 
“Now now, Griffen…” 
Steaming plates of seafood and steak arrived just in time, and we split the dishes. He had never been here and wanted to taste everything. We ate – in a rush – for Griffen, especially, and I was certain he just wanted to get back to the place we were before… in the parking lot. How ridiculous! But that is all I could think about, too, without thinking about it. 
“Are you sure we can’t open your present, now?” he asked almost   pleadingly and looked intently into my eyes. 
“No way, sorry,” I said, wishing I could come up with a better place for us to be alone. At the same time, it occurred to me that he did not have anywhere to stay. 
“By the way, where are you staying?” As soon as I asked, I regretted it. Then quickly added, “you know we have a guest house – you’re welcome to stay…with us, if you need to. I’m sorry I didn’t mention that earlier.” 
“Thanks, Elliott, but no, I’m staying at the Holiday Inn across the road,” he said. 
Silence. Oh my – what a temptation hung in the air on that one. He met my eyes, and I dropped them to the table. 
Thankfully, the waiter appeared giving me a chance to regain some of my composure, and Griffen requested the check. This had to be a speed record for him at a restaurant, and we had no place to go…really. It was only 8:00 – and I agreed to be home at 11:00. 
“You’re supposed to be home at 11:00 right?” he asked and my stomach clenched. Here we go – he’s going to ask me to that room and what will I say? I want more than anything to go – be alone – but I don’t trust myself to behave in spite of what he promises. I’ll counter with renting a movie or something and watching it at my house. Oh no, I don’t want to do that. 
“Yes.” 
“Plenty of time. I have an idea. Do you trust me?” he asked, eyes glinting with mischief. 
“Not at all,” I said, meaning that I did not trust myself with him, but I could see he was a bit taken aback by the severity of my tone. We were almost to the car. He led me to my door and opened it, indicating for me to get in.  
“Elliott, my dear, what is this sudden distaste for my choices?” he smiled and looked down – very effective in making my heart flutter. I resisted reaching up and grabbing him by the throat and slid obediently into my seat. 
As expected, he turned toward the highway, and I thought he was going to drag me back to his cave – and I shamelessly so wanted him to. And Grand was not even barking orders in my head. Where is she? Then he turned right and headed south on the interstate. I relaxed a little and was now all eyes trying to figure out his next move. 
“I suppose you’re not going to tell me where we’re going?” I asked, relieved that we weren’t going back to his cave…yet. 
“No.” 
“What if I don’t want to go?” 
“You have not mentioned a preference, well, other than you seemed happy enough in the parking lot.” 
“Griffen! That’s not fair.” 
“Mmm. Liked that, did you?” 
“You know I did,” I admitted, not liking where this conversation was headed. I hated feeling so weak when he was with me. I did not like losing the upper hand. This was getting…what? Dangerous? Maybe? 
“Missed me?” He smiled and my heart fluttered again. How can I keep my cool with him so close? I wanted to him to pull over so I could pounce. 
“I still don’t believe you haven’t practiced this for years,” putting a little snap in my remark. Sarcasm was easier than the truth – with him. 
“I’m a natural.” 
“You’re arrogant.”
“You’re beautiful – even when you’re clean.” 
“Stop that, Griffen, or you will not make it to wherever you plan to take me.” 
“Promise?” 
“Yes.” 
“Beautiful. You are the most interesting, exciting, elegant, and exquisite creature I have ever encountered.” 
“Back away from the steering wheel, Griffen, if you value my life,” I said and pounced. 
He pulled over to the side of the highway, and I kissed him like he kissed me earlier in the parking lot – but this one was all on me. He kissed me back until my lips were tingling. After what seemed like twenty minutes, he gently leaned away steadying my face in his hands, and I wanted to bite him for restraining me. He felt me try and laughed. 
“I do have somewhere I want to take you,” he said huskily. “But if you don’t stop attacking me, I’ll have to take you back to your house.” 
“Threatening me now, are you?” 
“Just making promises I can still keep.” 
“All right. Drive.” 
“We’ve got to have some music. Here’s my iPod. Pick something,” he said. 
I scrolled through his music and was astounded at the selections he had. Little details of his life coming to light – something simple as an iPod shows so much about a person. There were a bunch of songs from bands I loved – Guns ’N Roses, AC/DC, Creed, Crossfade, Three Days Grace, Led Zepplin, Skillet…that’s a pleasant surprise; some really funny country songs, blues, gospel, classical, jazz, 40’s big band music, and bluegrass.  
On a whim, I picked the bluegrass. The somewhat tedious task had me calmer and able to enjoy just being with him as someone who I really liked to talk to and play with. It helped quell the overwhelming magnetism that his presence exuded…especially in this ridiculous little car. 
We turned onto a dark street, and for a moment, I was not sure where we were. Then, it dawned on me… 
“Christmas at the Zoo!” I said, delighted. 
Under thousands of twinkling lights, Griffen and I explored every inch of the zoo at night. I had always heard about this event, but had never thought to go. Actually, I never had anyone ask me to something like this, and it was not something I wanted to do with the girls. The dates I had been on in the past were always just the standard dinnerandamovie and akissgoodnight. Dates with guys in the circle – just circling – never going anywhere. Oxford was a little better, but nothing compared to Griffen. To this. 
It was an enchanted evening that I would treasure forever. I still wanted to kiss him, but having something to do made it much easier just to be with him and hear him tell all about the animals he knew so well. We saw the zoo and each other in such different lights. He was completing me; I could feel him filling up holes in me that I never realized were empty. Now exposed, they only wanted him. How can this be happening so fast? So completely? 
I was exhausted, and so was he when he led me to my door. I braced myself against the wall in case my knees did their customary collapse when I felt his kiss. He tilted my chin to his lips, but didn’t kiss me. Instead, he stroked the tips of his fingers along my jaw. They kept moving until they swept the hair from my neck, and I thought   he was going to lose it when I glared at him in response. 
“You are driving me totally crazy,” I said, barely able to breathe. 
“Yes, I can see that,” he whispered into my neck. I could hear the amusement in his smile as my blush confirmed the effect he was having on me. 
“Arrogant menace.” 
“Beautiful vixen. Goodnight.”
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 22 - The Hour

Ride the horse – go with the horse – whirling in my head. Pulling while leaping predicates disaster. 

Mother was banging around in the kitchen early, so I reluctantly joined her. 
Sleep, of course, had evaded me most of the night. Griffen had me so wound up that I tossed and turned and worried about being with him and living without him. Even when he was gone, I felt like I was being pulled into a whirlwind unable to grasp anything to keep myself from losing all rational judgment concerning him. Maybe Mother could help. 
I plopped onto a stool and let the comforting sounds of her frenzy lull me back to simpler times – when horses were the only things that occupied my mind. 
“Good morning, dear,” she smiled. “I do hope you’ll tell me about last night.” 
So much for horses. 
“We had fun,” I said, not smiling. 
Of course, she was on that remark immediately. She put her pots down and sat beside me. Sometimes it was great to be loved…by her. Most of the time it was annoying because she monitored everything regarding her girls with intense focus. I just wanted her to hug me like I was her baby again and tell me everything was going to be fine. 
“Tell me about it,” she said. 
“He made Viva a present,” I said. “A bridle. It’s really pretty.” 
Mother smiled. “He certainly knows what you like,” she said. 
“It scares me,” I said. 
“Honey,” she said, and wrapped her wonderful motherarms around me and hugged. “Enjoy this. Let him show you who he is. You can’t know about Griffen without letting him love you. Don’t start pushing back, unless…” 
“Unless what?” I asked. 
“Unless you sense something wrong,” she said. “Are you afraid of him?” 
“Yes,” I said, “but not really of him. I am afraid of not having 
him around. I don’t think I can be rational around him…any more.” 
She squeezed me tighter and, strangely enough, laughed! 
“Elliott, enjoy this!” she put my face in her hands and kissed me on the nose. “You’re supposed to enjoy dating and enjoy being adored by such a gorgeous young man.” 
“That’s just it, Mother,” I said. “He’s too perfect. How can that be? It’s like we were made for each other, but…” 
“But, what?” she said. 
“I’m still so worried about, you know, all his, well, anger and whether or not he’ll kill me or someone else if he gets mad,” I said  and the words sounded ridiculous when I said them. 
“You’ve only been around him a few weeks, Elliott,” she said. “Time is what will tell about him, and you have plenty of that. He’s got a whole semester of school ahead of him at Vanderbilt and you’ll be in Oxford. That is nearly six months before any major decisions about your futures can happen. Relax and enjoy him, dear, while he’s here.” 
“What are you making?” I asked. 
“Carolyn and her husband are coming over for dinner tonight and so are some other neighbors. If you want, you and Griffen can join us,” she said. “What are you doing today?” 
“I’m giving him my Christmas present,” I said. “I’m taking him on a picnic at the barn. He’s coming over later this morning around 11:00.” 
“What did you get him?” she asked. 
“I bought the coolest picnic backpack for him that we can take on the horses, and am going to make the things we had in Scotland at our first picnic,” I said, leaving out the hour alone part. 
“He’ll love that,” she smiled. “What horses are you going to use?” 
“Robin’s renting me two for the afternoon,” I said as my cell phone buzzed. I looked down – text from Griffen. 
Good morning, Elliott. May I come over now? 
“Mother, he wants to come over – now!” I said. 
“I’m sure that hotel room is choking him,” Mother smiled. “Tell him I’ll have breakfast ready in 30 minutes.” 
“He won’t be able to resist your breakfast,” I said. “I’ve got to get everything ready for lunch – I wanted it to be sort of a surprise.” 
“Let him come over, Elliott,” she said. “I’d like a little time to talk to him, too. Your father’s had all the fun.” 
Give us 30 minutes. Mother wants to cook you breakfast, so come hungry. 
“Does he know you’re taking him riding today?” she asked. 
“Oh! I forgot,” I said and amended my message. 
Wear riding clothes. Jeans are fine. 
I ran to my room and got dressed. Most of the food for our picnic I had packed, but I needed to warm the soup and drinks. All the items fit neatly in the little backpack, and the picnic blanket folded into a saddle pad. I returned to the kitchen. In no time, Griffen was at the door. 
“Good morning, Little Vixen,” he said under his breath. My heart skipped a beat. 
“You’ll be useless after Mother’s breakfast,” I said. “Forget our lunch plans!” 
“Good morning, Griffen,” Mother said and she walked over and gave him a casual, one arm hug and patted his shoulder. “Sit down and let me feed you.” 
Griffen was helpless under her spell. He watched everything she did cautiously, like he couldn’t believe someone could be so relaxed in her element. Was he remembering his own mother? Mine had him transfixed, and I caught myself staring as he followed her every move.  
She was peppering him with questions that had him chatting away with her like they had known each other for years. His initial formal cautious demeanor was gone, and I couldn’t believe how much he was talking. She’s a witch, casting her spell over him like that. He’s as helpless as Hansel. She’s going to fatten him then slaughter him, and he doesn’t even mind. 
I smiled at the bizarre thought, but loved hearing him talk without the pressure of his eyes on mine. I could watch him relatively unobserved while we ate. An overwhelming urge to protect him and care for him rose in me unexpectedly. I wanted more than just to kiss him – I wanted to care for him, and watching my mother soothe him with her words made me realize what power she had over people, and most of all, her family. Impressive. I wonder if I will be able to do that, too, some day? 
Daddy returned from his morning walk and was pleasantly surprised to find Griffen in the kitchen. He strode over to give my mother and me a kiss, then extended his hand to Griffen. 
“Good morning, son,” he said. “I see she’s already poisoning you with her cooking.” 
“Hardly poison, sir,” Griffen said. 
“Not the bad kind, Griffen, just the kind that makes you want nothing other than hers!” he said with a grin. 
We talked and laughed, and Griffen fit in like he had known our family for years. I had rarely seen him so comfortable, but then again, we had not really spent much time together, and certainly not much time around other people. 
“We’re having the neighbors over this evening for dinner, Griffen,” Mother said. “You’re welcome to join us if you like.” 
“I have to get back to Memphis this afternoon, Mrs. Marks,” he   said. “But I really would like to do that another time.” 
Memphis was news to me, and I did what I could to keep the disappointment from showing on my face. I was hoping to have him to myself for at least a few more days. 
“I’m going to the office for a little while, dear,” Daddy said as he gave Mother a peck on the cheek. “Griffen, it was good seeing you again.” 
“You, too, sir,” Griffen said. 
There was a knock on the door, then a deep, familiar voice. 
“Mrs. Marks?” Ben said. “Mom sent over some stuff for you.” 
“In the kitchen!” she called. “Come on in, we’re just finishing breakfast.” 
He greeted everyone but stopped short when he saw Griffen. 
“Hello Ben,” Griffen said. Not unfriendly, but a little too amused. 
“Griffen,” Ben answered, no pleasantries. “I didn’t see your… truck.” 
“Rental car,” he said, all aloof and arrogant towards him, like Ben was a fly that just buzzed into the room. I would swear he was baiting him with his attitude, but I didn’t want to wait around and see how this would end. 
“We were just on our way to the barn,” I chirped, hoping Ben would get the signal. 
“Ben, would you like some breakfast?” Mother asked. I shot her an exasperated look – behind Ben’s back of course. 
“No, ma’am, thanks though,” he said. “See you later this afternoon.” 
“Tell your mom ‘thanks’, Ben. I owe her big for this,” Mother said. 
“I will.” 
He disappeared with Daddy leaving the three of us in the  kitchen. 
“I have a few more things to put together, Griffen, then I’ll be ready to go,” I said. 
Most everything was already in my truck. The last bits of picnic gear packed, we left for the barn. 
“What’s this about leaving for Memphis, today?” I asked. 
“If we’re going to duck hunt and foxhunt this weekend, I have a lot of things to get ready,” he said. “But I still want my Christmas present.” 
“You have no idea how hard this has been to arrange,” I said. He was reaching over on my side of the car and stroking his fingers along my neck. 
“Stop that, Griffen, or we won’t get to the barn,” I said, hardly able to concentrate on driving. “You’re not playing fair.” 
“Just making sure you know I’m here,” he smiled. “I’m making the most of every minute I have alone with you in person.” 
“Quit or I’ll start the hour now,” I joked. 
“Fine.” He transferred his attention to the radio and searched for something. He settled on the local rock station since my truck did not have satellite radio, and he had left his iPod in his room. 
“I really like your parents,” he said after a while. “They know how to make a person feel at home.” 
I could tell he was reflecting on this morning, and I wasn’t sure where he wanted to take this conversation. So, I listened and kept my attention on the road. 
“I hope I can be like…like your Dad is with your Mom,” he said. “They’re so, easy, so relaxed with each other. I’m not sure I’ve ever seen that before. If I have, I haven’t noticed it. She’s not afraid…of him…you know.” 
“They love each other,” I said. “Why would Mother be afraid of him? She’s his whole world.” 
“My mother said she loved my…father, but she was always scared of him,” he said. 
“I’m sorry,” I said, not really knowing what to say. “I’m certainly not scared of you, if that makes you feel any better.” 
“Aren’t you?” he asked, leaning in a little more. My breath started getting shallow again, and I focused on the road. 
“No, Griffen,” I said. “But you should fear me because I have the power to start counting that hour now – get back on your side!” 
He reached over and poked me in the ribs, tickling me. 
“Stop that!” 
He did it again. 
“Griffen!” 
He gently ran his fingers through my hair, and I gave up. That was better than assault and actually relaxing. If he had to touch me, well…. 
We finally reached the barn. Since we were early, we were going to have to catch the horses ourselves. I handed him two buckets and put some food in each one. We grabbed two halters and lead ropes and went to the paddock where our horses, Sonny and Shade, waited under a big oak tree. The weather was brisk, not cold, and the blue sky glowed through the leaves. 
The horses knew we came with presents, so they made their way toward us, trotting briskly to ensure they would get treats before the others noticed our approach. Sonny, the buckskin gelding Christopher hunted, would be Griffen’s, and I was riding Shade, a dark bay gelding with a white blaze. They met us eagerly like puppies, and we rewarded  them with treats as we placed the halters over their ears. 
Hand in hand, we led them back to the barn. From the looks of things, we were still almost alone, so Griffen leaned over for a quick kiss. 
“We’re going to start that hour now if you don’t behave,” I smiled, and kissed him back. 
“Suits me,” he grinned. 
“Keep walking…we’ve got to tack up. I have a place I want to show you,” I said. “The sooner we get there, the sooner the hour will start!” 
Now he was all business. I gathered the saddles and bridles we were renting and put them outside the stalls. He started tacking up the horses while I retrieved the picnic gear and our helmets from the car. 
“Use this as a saddle pad on Shade,” I said. “And see if the bridle you made me fits him. I want to see what it looks like on a horse.” 
“Yes, ma’am,” he smiled and continued his work. 
“This is part of your Christmas present,” I said, showing him the picnic backpack. “I just took the liberty of filling it up with our lunch supplies today. Hope you don’t mind. I guess it’s not a surprise, really, any more.” 
“Thank you, Elliott,” he said. “This is a perfect way for us to have some time to ourselves – I’m impressed! How do you like your bridle?” 
He brought Shade to me, and I gasped. “Griffen, it’s beautiful! I can’t wait to see it on Viva!” 
“I’m glad you like it,” he said. “This extra rein is actually a lead rope that you can use to tie him when we stop to…eat.” His eyes   sparkled, and I was ready to get there – with him – right now. 
“We’re not there yet,” I said. “Hopefully no one else has the same idea, and we have company.” 
“Not likely,” he said. “But I’ll deal with them if we do.” 
Griffen carried the backpack and swung up easily on Sonny. As always, he and his horse made a magnificent pair. Sonny pranced a little for effect like he knew he was carrying royalty. Shade, too, was ready to go and caught Sonny’s infectious mood. Eager to ride, but also to be alone with Griffen, I decided to gallop the pasture then head to the woodland trail. 
Shade was a delight and responded to my wishes with effortless grace and balance. Sonny, too, was relishing the pace, and both horses lifted us as if with wings to our favorite places. I felt so alive – their energy and strength surging through us – and we floated with them across the pasture and into the woods. 
At the woods’ edge, we slowed to a canter. Gliding along the wide trails, we flew through he trees. The cool air stung our faces and watered our eyes. Being together like this with him was magnificent. 
At the end of the trail, we walked the horses deeper into the woods. The December woods were quite open, and I had no problem finding the little hidden pond. There was a tiny clearing at the edge that made a perfect spot for a picnic. We slid off our horses, tied them to saplings, and removed our helmets and gloves. Griffen untacked Shade so I could get to the blanket while I laid out our picnic. 
I took great pains to make everything look like Scotland from the tartan napkins to silverware, down to the same cheeses – or the best I could find at the Piggly Wiggly. Unfortunately, we were still a long way from lunch, but the picnic looked great. 
“Merry Christmas,” I said waving my hand over the spread and beaming. 
He walked over to me, swept me up in his arms, and kissed me solidly on the lips. The sensation of being lifted completely took me off guard, and I clung to his neck for fear that he would fling me or stumble. He lifted my 100 lbs with ease, and once I realized he was taking me somewhere, I gripped a little tighter. He carried me to a huge pine tree and set me down gently in the soft needles. Being here, alone, with him, like this…able to trust him completely…I knew there was no way I would ever be able to live without this man in my life. 
“Start the clock,” he whispered into my turtleneck as he brushed his lips along my jaw and down my neck. 
“Who’s keeping time?” I said closing my eyes and drinking in his smell – all the smells – pine needles, waxed cotton, horses, him, I wanted to stay here forever by him – held prisoner physically and mentally – I wanted him to hold me here forever. 
“Griffen?” I said, as he laid his head next to mine. 
“This was supposed to be my present to you,” I said. “You’re not playing fair…again.”
He leaned over to kiss me, and I stopped him. “My turn,” I said, and kissed his neck, his ears, his mouth, and pulled myself as close as I could feeling his perfect muscles tense as he let me kiss him. 
Gently, he pushed me back. “Whoa a minute, Elliott,” he said huskily. “Be still.” He held me tightly in his arms, and I lay motionless next to him, every muscle in my body tense with awareness. He was so warm, so solid, so safe, so mine.
We lay there together in each other’s arms completely absorbed   in being alone like this. The horses nipped at twigs and jingled their bridles. Birds called in the trees, and something splashed in the little pond in spite of the cold air. I could hear and feel Griffen’s heart beating steadily…solidly…so safe I felt with him…here in his magnificent arms. 
The hour went by, then two. The morning had to come to an end, but we were certainly not going to rush it. I could not get enough of his kisses, hearing him talk, watching him watch me – the time went by all too rapidly. My fears vanished, and I knew I could trust him completely. He knew when to kiss, when to stop, perfectly balancing passion and principles – and I began to relax. Grand never spoke a word in my head all afternoon. 
Back in my driveway, I was thankful to see no neighbors had arrived yet for our dinner party. We had made plans for the upcoming New Year’s weekend, which was only two days away. I was going to meet his family, duck hunt, and fox hunt. Butterflies were already landing in my stomach. Griffen walked me to my door, and it took all the composure I had not to cling to him. 
“See you Friday at noon, then?” he asked. 
“I’ll be counting the hours.” 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 23 - Panzer

The horse is God’s gift to mankind. With retrievers He’s just showing off. 

The alarm buzzed at an insanely early hour. It was cold in the room, but I had someone else’s blankets piled over my head keeping me warm. 5:00 am’s red glow pierced the otherwise absolute darkness. 
I sat up, disoriented. Then I remembered. Duck camp. I’m at the Hale’s camp with their rowdy wonderful family, and Griffen’s camp is next door. Along with the Hale family, I had met Griffen’s uncle and cousins and their families, and all their dogs last night and been introduced to a whole new world – the world of the maniacal duck hunter. 
After settling the horses into their weekend paddocks, we ate like royalty, played all kinds of card games (actually, I watched), told stories, and laughed until way past midnight when Mr. Hinton, Griffen’s uncle, forced us to go to bed. The Hale’s had a guest bedroom for me that I was to use for the weekend. It was decorated with pictures of their family in all sorts of outdoor poses displaying their various   conquests in every kind of pose possible. The bedroom had its own bathroom and was not at all what I expected from a hunting camp. 
The weather was rainy and cold, so I pulled on a layer of long underwear beneath my riding pants. Griffen suggested we wear our formal hunting clothes under the duck clothes to ensure that we would make the 10:00 fox hunt on time. William knew his plans and had given us a pass to arrive on time today rather than the customary hour earlier that was expected of staff. 
Riding pants next, then my tall, warm socks. I buttoned my white shirt, wrapped on my stock tie, and covered it all with a dark green turtleneck and a borrowed green wool sweater. I was beginning to feel like a tick and still had my Barbour to go. I fixed my face, tamed my dark hair into a barrette, pocketed some peppermints and colored chap stick, and headed down stairs to wait for Griffen. 
The Hales were deer hunters, so they were not awake yet. I quietly stepped to the mudroom and closed the door behind me trying my best not to wake their labs. Rummaging through the piles of gear Griffen left for me, I collected my hat, a dark silk scarf, and some wool gloves. The waders, however, intimidated me, so I decided to wait for help with them. 
Last night, the whole crew had amused themselves watching me attempt to pull on the neoprene monstrosities, so the thought of trying that alone was out of the question if I didn’t want to wake the dead. Griffen pulled up outside, and I motioned him to come in and help. 
“Good morning, Little Vixen,” he said, and leaned down to give me an oh-so-welcome kiss. We had had very little privacy the evening before, and I was starving for him. Unfortunately for me, however, he was on a mission that must have involved a tight schedule.  
“Let’s get you into these,” he smiled, gently leaning away and helping me step into the boots. 
As I held the wader racks, he pulled the neoprene over my hips and up to my armpits. In spite of his tight time frame he caved when I wriggled under his touch, so he spun me around for another kiss. If I had wanted to collapse, I would not have been able, for the clothes made me stiff as a board. I felt ridiculous, and we burst into a fit of silent giggles. 
“Come on,” he pleaded, “we really have to go…now!” 
I grabbed my Barbour and pulled it on over the stuffing surrounding me. It would have to be sub-zero for me to get cold in this outfit. I certainly did not feel cute. He, however, moved with just as much maddening ease and grace in his fat suit as he did in his riding habit. 
“Not fair,” I mumbled under my breath. 
“What now?” he asked, smiling. 
“I’m not feeling very cute in this getup,” I pouted. 
“Well, you look adorable to me,” he grinned. 
“Adorable is not where I’m trying to go with you,” I snapped. 
“Adorable or not, get in,” he said as he held the door. Awkwardly, I had to lift my leg with my hand to be able to step into his truck. As I was getting in, I noticed we were pulling a dark green boat with a long shaft on it and a propeller at the far end. 
“What’s that?” I pointed to the boat. 
“That, dear Elliott, is a boat,” he said. 
“I know that, you beast! What kind of boat, and DON’T say a duck boat. Why does it look so strange?” I snapped daring him to defy me. 
“Oh, it has a Go-Devil on the back,” he said. “That makes it easier to go where the ducks are – to get over all the logs and through shallow water.” 
We drove for about thirty minutes in the dark until we reached the edge of a black field. Once in the field, we drove, or rather, Griffen wrestled with his truck to get it through the mud and to the swamp. We moved very slowly, and I was amazed that he would even attempt to cross such slop. I held the sides of the truck as we slipped and bounced. There is no way we’re not going to get stuck. 
Amazingly enough, we pulled in to some spot, but I had no idea how he could see through all the mud on the windows. He backed the truck expertly into place and left me, I supposed, to unhook the boat. I decided to stay in the truck until told otherwise, for I wasn’t sure I could walk unassisted – especially in all the mud. 
Boat unloaded, he came around to my side of the truck and helped me step out. He guided me to the bank and then returned to his truck to release Panzer from his box. For a moment, I feared the great grizzly-dog would knock me over, but he bounded around me never considering jumping on me thank goodness. Griffen then pulled the truck and trailer away from the landing and helped me into the boat. Panzer waited patiently on the bank looking very much like the sleek labs I had seen in Scotland, just a good bit larger. I could have sworn that his amber eyes were glowing. 
We negotiated the swamp without lights using the moon as our guide. I felt the ancient logs moan in protest beneath the boat as we slipped over them and heard the propeller lift from the water as Griffen raised it over each one as we passed. The rain had stopped, and the morning was now clear, but much colder than the night before. I was  glad to be swathed in silk and wool. Panzer leaned his warm body next to mine in the center of the boat. I could tell he was used to this spot, and he stayed in place for the whole trip. 
The moonlight sparkled on the blue-black swamp and cypress trees towered over us as we passed. I wondered for how many years the birds from all over the world had been coming here to escape the harsh, northern winters. Soon, we were in a half-acre clearing surrounded by cypress trees and some smaller, bushier shrub-like bushes. 
Griffen cut the engine, and the silence was magical. We sat for a moment looking at the water, then he stepped over the bag of decoys he had at his feet, and sat beside me. 
“We have plenty of time,” he said. “We’re here. Welcome to my favorite cathedral.” 
“It’s…beautiful here,” I said, not quite knowing how to describe how I felt. “I never imagined a place, on the water, in the wintertime could be so…magical.” 
“Are you cold?” he asked. 
“No. That would be impossible,” I said. “I’m wrapped in at least six impenetrable layers thanks to you.” 
“Well then, they’ll protect you from more than the weather this morning,” he grinned. “We are very much alone here, my dear.” 
I broke out into a sweat in spite of the chilly air. 
“Remember, I’m adorable, like a kitten, you said,” I teased. “Nothing you’d consider ravishing.” 
“You have no idea.” 
“Whatever,” I said. “Are you going to kiss me or make me sit here and just think about it all morning? I’m not exactly mobile, you know.” 
His lips were instantly on mine, and he was pulling my face closer, his hands reaching into my hair beneath my hat until, of all things, Panzer whined. I opened my eyes and burst into laughter. Panzer was putting his paw gently on Griffen’s back as if telling him to stay focused. 
“No, Panzer,” Griffen rumbled, but he, too, could not help but laugh. At Griffen’s rebuke, Panzer jumped back to the front of the boat. He pranced his feet eagerly as a flock of something flew nearby. 
“Time to get ready,” Griffen said, and kissed me softly on the lips. 
“On with the show, maestro,” I said and sat back to watch the spectacle. 
He emptied the sack and tossed out about fifteen decoys – a group on either side of the boat. The moonlight flickered and shimmered as the decoy’s ripples spread out across the water. Another flock of something swooshed by the boat almost close enough for Panzer to catch. They plunged into the decoys, discovered their mistake, and exploded in the air leaving as fast as they arrived. 
Griffen stood at the back of the boat and guided it into place among the trees with a long aluminum pole. I was to sit in the front of the boat by Panzer and Griffen in the back. 
“Button your Barbour, lass,” he said. “Panzer will get you soaked when he brings in his prizes.” 
Shooting time was upon us, and little black dots surrounded the spread like bats. I was still and quiet, taking in the whole amazing scene. I could hear the wings whistling in the air – softly, but ever so loudly in my ears. In the distance, I heard another sound. Mysterious, strange, almost like a distant dog… 
“Gobbler,” Griffen said reverently. “Wild turkeys. Listen for the  hens’ yelps, Elliott. You don’t hear that very often in a duck blind.” 
A group of ten or so black dots were coming at us with purpose. Panzer tensed, but was motionless. I watched them leave, then return when Griffen chattered to them with his duck call. 
“Keep your face down,” he whispered. “Try not to look at ’em.” 
Around they came again, and I could see their reflection on the water. Griffen’s gun exploded twice, and three ducks splashed in the decoys. 
“Back!” he cracked to Panzer. 
Panzer launched himself as far as he could. He landed with a crash into the icy water. Griffen dropped the dog ramp and Panzer returned with his duck. He climbed into the boat, brought Griffen his prize, trotted back to the front, and, as promised, shook at least a gallon of water all over me. I forgot to look away and got a face full of swamp. 
“Sorry!” Griffen laughed, not at all apologetically. “I thought I warned you!” 
“Nice. Nice dog,” I grumbled, freezing water running down my face and threatening to penetrate my abundant layers. 
Panzer retrieved the other two just as efficiently as the first. By the time he was almost in the boat with his third, Griffen dropped two more ducks into the water. These two had bright green heads, and I recognized them instantly as Mallards. 
I remembered not to look at Panzer, but this time I was unable not to look at the missiles coming into the decoys. They sounded like tiny jets storming the swamp. There was a group of about twenty in this bunch, all miniscule, but moving very fast. Griffen’s gun cracked twice and one more duck slapped the surface. 
“That’s it for the morning,” he said. 
“Already?” 
“Six ducks is the limit. We’ll have time for a real breakfast back at the camp, then off to meet William. It looks like we’ll make the hunt in plenty of time.” 
“Unless there are complications,” I said, thinking about all that mud and how unlikely it would be to make it across there again so quickly. 
“Ah yes, there is always that,” he said. He walked over to my end of the boat and sat beside me on a box obviously not considering mud as the complication to which I was referring. 
“What did you think about your first duck hunt?” he said, gazing intently into my swimming eyes. 
“Griffen, I don’t think there is anything that I wouldn’t like to do as long as you’re involved,” I said. He…blushed, and my heart almost stopped beating. “You are so very good at taking care of me.” 
Since he was so close, I took his chin in my hand and kissed him softly. At this range, there was little danger of me toppling over on him and swamping the boat. He kissed me back, and I started to worry again about balance even though I was sitting. Panzer whined again, but this time, Griffen ignored him and my laughter. 
We stayed there looking at each other and the swamp until Griffen’s stomach and maddening sense of being on time got the best of him. We picked up the decoys and were back at the camp in no time. He helped me out of my waders so I could start breakfast while he changed trailers and took care of Panzer and the horses. 
Griffen’s camp was smaller than the Hale’s. It was built on stilts to keep the River from sweeping it away every year or two when it decided to reclaim its swamp. Family pictures were everywhere in this camp, too, and it had a fireplace, a huge kitchen, and a central room where everyone gathered. A screen porch overlooked a bayou that was lined with huge cypress trees. I remember how inviting the room was last night with the fire roaring, but today I could truly see on what a lovely spot it had been built. 
No one else was at Griffen’s camp, for the others went hunting in a group and had many more ducks to shoot than six. The wives had gone shopping for pottery at McCarty’s in Merigold, where the Mississippi River’s mud was shaped into dishes that adorned nearly every Mississippi and quite a few Tennessee homes. They all planned to join us after the hunt for a brunch. 
The hunt brunch! I had almost forgotten. I put together some extra cheese grits and found a dish that hopefully I could use to deliver the food to wherever William was having us set up for breakfast. I grabbed a loaf of bread and whipped up some sandwiches as well in case there was no place to heat the grits. 
Unlike most pre-hunt mornings, I was starving. I called Griffen and placed before him my first homemade feast. He hardly tasted the food, I am sure, for he uncharacteristically bolted it down. I could see that hunting camp life could be very dangerous to the waistline – some day. For now, though, I relished the venison sausage, eggs, cheese grits, French toast, biscuits, and bacon. We took the leftovers to Panzer and he, too, ate it without hesitation. 
Later I would wish for that sausage like I’ve never wished for food in my life. It was going to be a lot longer than I thought possible in this day and age before I would see another meal. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 24 - Duncan

And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth. 
–Revelation 6:8 

I loved seeing my family. This crazy foxhunting family I loved so much. 
It had been an eternity since we had hunted, and I was even glad to see Lydia. Addy was beaming, and I noticed that she had ridden over with Ben. I wondered for a moment what Ashley thought about that. We pulled up with William, and he waved at us in surprise. 
“No ducks?” he asked. 
“Plenty,” Griffen said. “Just too many too fast!” 
We were hunting the same land that the rest of the hunt thought we would never see again. The landowners assured us, however, that there would be no trouble this time and that the troublemakers had been sufficiently reprimanded. They had been embarrassed about the incident, so there was an unusually large turnout of spectators, and we were invited to hunt both days. They were cooking a pig and had even hired a band for the evening’s festivities. However, being New Year’s weekend, staff was slim. 
“Griffen, I need you and Elliott to cover the south side again, just like last time,” he said. “Separately.” 
“Yes sir,” he said, but I could see his disappointment. I don’t think William noticed, though. 
“Your radios working?” he asked. 
“Radio check, Elliott,” I said, hearing my voice in Griffen’s radio. 
“Radio check, Griffen,” his voice cracked in the radios around us. 
“Good. Elliott, try to stay out of trouble so Griffen can stay focused,” William said and gave me a hug. “It’s really good to see you little lady.” 
“Yes sir, you too,” I said and hugged him back. “Happy New Year.” 
No one here knew yet about our trip to Scotland, but everyone noticed that we rode in together. Especially Lydia. She was coiled to strike when I walked back to check on the hounds. I was ready. Bring it on. 
Knowing I had the upper hand, I could not resist being overly nice to her this morning. Shoveling the sugar… 
“Happy New Year, Lydia,” I beamed at her. 
“Same to you,” she smiled her most dangerous smile. “Hope you can keep your boyfriend’s pistols in his holsters this time. I’d hate to get run off the property again.” 
“He’s not one to be controlled,” I said. “I figured you already  knew that.” I slipped past her before she could hurl something at me besides insults. 
The day was beautiful, for the clouds were still at bay. The cold air felt marvelous. I walked back to the trailer to check on Viva having finished my hound chores. Panzer met me, so I was sure Griffen was back here, too, or somewhere close by. Viva nickered for her treat and I gave it to her, rubbing her ears when she lowered her head. Over her ears, I watched Jet untie himself and walk to me for his treat. 
“You are so bad, Jet,” I said, taking his lead rope and leading him back to his spot. “It’s good you don’t have thumbs or you’d never be able to contain!” 
I gave him a treat, too, and Griffen appeared. 
“Damn, I wanted to ride with you today,” he snapped. 
“Will just be all the sweeter when we meet again,” I batted my eyes playfully and looked up at him. 
“This is madness,” he said. 
“Oh?”
“I get only a few hours with you in a weekend and now I won’t even get to see you – from a distance!” he growled and closed the door of Panzer’s cave with a little more force than necessary. 
I smiled and turned to get on Viva. 
“Hold on a minute,” he snapped and bent down to kiss me. I grabbed Viva’s bridle for support. 
“Be careful,” he said, gently. “I already miss you.” 
“I know who to call when I find trouble,” I said and smiled at him. 
He swung up on Jet, and my heart fluttered. He turned to go and then came back one more time, dismounted, kissed me again, then   left – for good. My head spun, and I couldn’t contain my grin. 
Viva and I trotted to our place behind William, beside Griffen, and I had great difficulty concentrating on the pack with them looking so magnificent so very close to me. I had noticed that Ben and Addy were the only ones in first flight. There were about twenty people in second flight and, of course, just the four of us whippers-in today. William had distributed the radios among landowners, and there was a lot of initial chatter and banter as he guided everyone to their places. 
Lydia and Stephen headed north and William roaded the hounds south. Once in place, Griffen and I separated, silently acknowledging each other and wishing we could ride together. We’ll dance under the stars tonight and ring in the New Year together. With that thought, I rode away. 
For nearly an hour, my side was quiet. I heard all the action happening on Griffen’s side and enjoyed the play-by-play I followed on the radio. He purposefully kept me in the loop, and I appreciated that. Although there was nothing more wonderful than being on Viva, I was glad to also know what was happening with my hounds. 
Then I heard her. Unmistakable…Cora, one of the coyote strike hounds, was coming our way. With the pack, of course. Viva’s ears pricked and we waited…one heartbeat…two…ten…We were in perfect position at the end of a north-south lane to see anything that crossed. I had my monocular ready…to get a better view of who was doing what…and we waited. 
There! He was moving really fast – due west – Cora about twenty yards behind him, then Pepper, and Rufus. 
“Tally ho, coyote – heading due west. I am at the end of the north-south road right with him. Cora, Pepper, and Rufus twenty yards behind him!” 
“Stay with ’em!” William cheered. 
Viva surged with me feeling my excitement and responding to my every thought. We had a straight shot west for as far as we could see, so I held her back some in an effort to not outrun the pack. On and on we galloped, the pack on our right – beautiful music echoing in the swamp. They were turning north a little now, but I kept to the road and started looking for a trail heading north. No trail, so I slowed a bit and worked my way through the woods. 
Hounds were screaming, and we had no trouble keeping up, the woods being open in this part of the property. Viva and I swept through the trees as if guided supernaturally – moving as one – leaning and turning and galloping, floating over logs, holes, splashing through the slews, and dodging vines. We sped like light beams for at least an hour until I no longer heard the hounds. They stopped and were most likely looking for the scent. 
Most of the pack was with me, I could count five couple – and I was sure the others would not be far. 
“William, this is Elliott, they’ve checked,” I said. 
Silence. Then a low crack. 
“If anyone can hear, please relay to William that the hounds have checked but I’m with them – in the west.” 
Silence. 
Oh well. I’ll give it a minute, and then I’m sure I’ll start hearing the chatter. A few more couple appeared. I counted seven with me. Four missing. We were moving northwest and the woods here were gorgeous. Great cypress trees surrounded us, and I felt so comforted by having “met” them early this morning with Griffen. So large, so stately, so serene. 
Twenty minutes passed, then thirty. No sound on the radio.   
“William, this is Elliott, they’ve checked. I am in the west – far west somewhere – moving northwest.” 
Silence. 
I dug deep into my Ariat pants pockets for my cell phone. No service. Of course. I stopped for a minute anyway and sent three text messages. One to Griffen, one to William, and one to Ben. 
In the west. No cell service here. Moving northwest. Have seven couple with me. 2:00. 
They’ll never get that, but at least I tried. Already 2:00? I couldn’t believe we’d been out that long. No wonder I’m thirsty. I stopped Viva briefly as she and the hounds drank in the slew. Think. This is not good. We need to get the hounds to a road and find someone to let everyone know where we are. 
“Hounds, hounds, here hounds,” I called, partly to cheer them and partly to make noise hoping someone would hear us. 
“William, anyone, can you read?” I said into the radio again. 
Silence. 
I checked my compass and set a course for due west. I was sure we would hit a north-south trail eventually that would take us back to that south border road. At least it had looked well traveled. If I found a good trail, we could easily work our way back to someone. There had to be plenty of trails in these woods. At least it would be easier for them to find us on a trail. 
“Here hounds, whoooop!” I called. “Come on, come come on!” 
We wandered west for another hour and thank goodness they didn’t strike again. Finally, we hit a trail, and I turned south hoping  to find that main road. The trail wound south only for a moment, then turned west again. I could hear the dull rumbling of riverboats and knew we were not far from the Mississippi River. At least we were on a real road. 
I kept calling by voice and radio – still no response. On a whim, I changed the channels and tried them as well. Nothing. 
At last, we hit another trail, and again, I turned south. We had not gone a mile before, thank goodness, I saw two four-wheelers. 
“Hey!” I called, and cantered over to them. Relief washed over me, and I realized just how anxious I had been. I’d never been so delighted to see four-wheelers in all my life. 
“Hello!” I called again as I approached. They were still and didn’t wave back. Maybe they were on the phone...their service may work here...good, we could call the camp for help. I slowed to a walk, but continued towards them. 
“Hello, sir? Can you help me? I’m Elliott Marks – my radio’s…” I stopped in mid sentence as the man stepped toward me a little too quickly and reached out for Viva’s bridle. In that instant, I saw what Griffen had not known to look for. When I met his eyes, I saw evil – anger – hate – behind the unsettlingly kind, round face. 
“NO!” I screamed at the top of my voice and jerked Viva’s head away from his reaching hands, urging her away from his grasp. 
“Hey now, little missy, come on back,” he shouted. “We can help you!” 
I spun as fast as I could kicking him in the jaw with my stirrup iron and boot and knocking him to the ground. The other man jumped from his four-wheeler and lunged for Viva’s bridle as well. I sliced his cheek open with my hunting whip, but before I could pull it back, he snatched it from my hands. 
“Settle down, little lady, we can help you find your friends,” he growled. “They sent us this way lookin’ for you.” 
I hesitated at a safe distance on Viva for a half-second in shock not believing I had just attacked these men…but they had attacked me…hadn’t they? Or had my oversensitive female sense of being wary of all strangers caused me to overreact? I’m so embarrassed if it did. What now? 
I wanted badly to believe they were trying to help me, but I knew they were lies. Viva was not second-guessing what she’d seen and just before my head cleared, she took off like she’d been shot, and we galloped as fast as we dared in all directions. 
On an on we galloped much faster than we should, pushing their evil eyes from my mind and focusing on avoiding trees. Thankfully, the land was flat, and I could see a long way through the woods. Then again, so could they. I heard their four wheelers behind me, but not for long. They were no match for a flying fleeing Thoroughbred in the swamp, and soon the woods swallowed their sound. 
Why were they so angry? What had I done to them? Does this have to do with the incident at the party, still? What would they have done to me had they been able to catch me? 
My body tensed, and we almost struck a low vine – Viva was not reading my signals. Not again! Can’t fall off - Focus on riding, fast, anywhere, just get away and get them confused! Grand hissed, “Go go go get away as far away as you can! Gallop through the water in case they try to track you – They’ll kill you if they catch you – but probably not right away…They’re pure evil and coming after you! Run!” 
Viva’s muscles surged beneath me, so comforting, so fluid. We raced through the trees twisting and turning, dodging vines, crashing  through chest-deep icy water-filled brakes. Deer exploded all around me and in spite of my panic, I marveled at the beauty of this swamp. We crossed a trail and charged along it putting even more distance, hopefully, between the monsters and us. 
Thirty minutes later, I slowed long enough to think and get a compass bearing…with both compasses. I left the trail knowing that would be an easier way for me to be tracked and continued through the woods as fast as I could safely travel. We kept galloping east until 
I felt like there would be no way they could find us. I felt terrible about the hounds. William was going to kill me. Then I remembered… the hounds have tracking collars. If I stayed near them…no way. I would not go back and risk being jumped by those…fiends. 
I listened again. Nothing. There was perfect silence save the sonorous rumble of tugboats on the River. I started to announce where I was and try the radio again, but thought better of it. Did they have one of our radios? How else did they know where to find me? 
The light was fading, and I knew daylight would be gone in a matter of minutes. The sky, too, was cloudy and getting darker – no moon tonight. Dear Lord, please don’t let it rain. I had to find a place to stay…to hide. But how do I hide a horse? I have to keep Viva with me. She’s the only reason I’m safe now. 
Ahead in the dimming light, I saw a deer stand – a two-person one that would enable me to at least sleep off the ground. I decided against it, though, because that would be the first place those brutes would look, and I wouldn’t be near Viva. 
After passing it, I realized that I may be able to get a cell signal if I climbed higher. We turned back, and I tied Viva to a limb. I climbed the stand and reached up on tiptoe to see if it would pick up – something. When I brought it down, it had one bar. Certainly worth a try. 
Attacked by two angry men on four-wheelers. They tried to grab me. We have lost them and are moving east and south. They may have one of our radios. Planning to spend the night in hiding. Will continue south in the morning. 6:00 pm now.
I stretched up as high as I could and held the phone way over my head. The message would go to Griffen, William, Ben, and Addy, I hoped. When I looked at my screen, it indicated that they’d been sent. Now, hopefully they will find me or at least send someone after those monsters. 
We kept going until I found a cane thicket. Viva and I punched through and discovered that the interior had been stomped, but that the area around it was solid cane. This would be a perfect hiding place as well as an alarm should anyone be following us. 
I dismounted Viva and let her graze on the cane, holding her reins lightly to give her space. My thirst was back, burning now. I ate one of the two peppermint candies I had in my pocket in case I was lucky enough to have been riding with Griffen today. Griffen. Oh my. Oh no. What is he going to do when he finds out what those men tried to do? I can’t tell him – he’ll kill them – and then…stop this! I’m getting delirious. 
After a few moments, the adrenaline rush dissipated, and my whole body ached with exhaustion. Darkness fell, and strangely enough, I began to feel calm. I thanked God for that, and spent the next few moments in prayer. A great wave of peace blanketed me, and I knew everything was going to be all right. I began to think I  may even be able to sleep – at least for a little while. 
The great cypress trees that surrounded this cane thicket reminded me of Griffen and our lovely morning together in the swamp. He had described the swamp as his favorite cathedral, and I felt as safe here as I would have with him…in a church. 
All of a sudden, the darkness was complete. I could see nothing past my hands, for there were no stars. After letting Viva graze for an hour, I tied her to a sapling I had spotted before the blackness enveloped us and looped my belt around her legs. 
I found a place to curl up out of reach of her hooves, but remained very close to her. I had always dreamed of camping out with Viva, and this, in a way, was a treat. My favorite part of summer camp when I had gone years ago was the horseback campout, so I tried to remember those days and enjoy this time in the woods with my beautiful, brave horse that may have just saved my life. Thinking about this as an adventure was far better than dwelling on the reality of having evil men hunting me in the dark swamp, so adventure I would make this and try to get some rest. 
It was very cold, and I shivered for a while, in spite of the layers of long underwear and wool I had chosen to wear that morning. Earlier, they had been a too-warm nuisance, but I was ever so grateful for the layers now. The ground must have warmed around me somewhat and I drifted off, momentarily, to sleep. 
In my dreams, I heard walking, snuffling. I opened my eyes to darkness and cold and sat bolt upright – frozen momentarily in terror not remembering where I was. Viva stamped and made little shuffling sounds nearby and reminded me what we were doing, but that did nothing to settle the panic that rose in my throat. I wished I could   curl up underneath her. I wanted to see what time it was, so I pressed my cell phone. The bright light startled and blinded me – Why did I do that? Stupid! Now they know where I am! In the brief moment I let the light flash, I had seen that it was only 11:00 pm. What had wakened me? 
Shuffling sounds again – coming to me – closer. They know where I am. Why did I turn on that light? 
Maybe the light will scare them. I need to get off the ground. 
Dear God, what was coming through the cane in the dark? 
The calm assurance with which I fell asleep had vanished, much like someone had snatched off my comforter. The darkness had me completely disoriented as to how far away the sounds were and in what direction they were coming. Using the dim light of my cell phone, I inched closer to Viva, untied the belt from her legs, looped the reins over her head, and climbed on her back. She nickered in protest. My fear abated…somewhat. 
Shuffling, sniffing sounds – 
Not a person, thank God. But what else? A coyote? Maybe? Fox? Maybe? Hog? Do they sniff? 
I shone my cell phone and hoped it would fear the feeble light… 
What in the world was coming for me through the cane? 
Moments seemed to last forever. My heart thumped so loudly I was sure the beast could hear me and smell my fear. Viva stamped nervously, but I was so glad to be on her and not lying helplessly on the ground in the darkness. 
The snuffling stopped. They’re here. Fear paralyzed me – all calm comfort gone – wondering what evil loomed in the darkness. 
Silence. No movement, no breathing. 
Where did it go?  
I reached out a little more trying to get the pitiful light to show me what awaited me in the darkness. 
Should we run? If so, where? What are they? 
Brown eyes met mine in the dim light, and I almost cried with relief. 
“Pout!” I called, leaping down from Viva’s back. I grabbed his neck and hugged him so tightly he coughed. As I was snuggling into his neck I saw, with dismay, that he had no tracking collar…one of the puppies. 
“That’s ok,” I whispered to him. “You’ll make a great pillow, I hope!” 
I tied Viva back to the sapling, then unhooked her breastplate and looped one end through my arm, and the other to Pout’s collar. My belt went around Viva’s legs again, just in case. Pout was all too willing to curl up with me, and I snuggled up with him like he was a great big teddy bear. In moments, I was asleep. 
Daylight broke around 5:45. Before I could see well, I heard the woods waking up. Surrounded by the cane, I couldn’t see much, but I stepped over to my restroom, checked that there were no more hounds around, and prepared to continue my trek south. I let Viva get a mouthful of cane while I returned the breastplate to its place on her, mounted, and started moving. 
A buck leapt from the other side of the cane brake spooking us both, and I almost fell. Fortunately, Viva and I jumped the same direction. He was magnificent, but noisy. Pout considered him for a moment, but looked at me, making sure I saw him ignore it. I praised him for resisting. 
“Please stay with me, Pout,” I pleaded. “I need your company this morning, badly.”   The woods were light now, and I saw another tall deer stand – unoccupied. I did not know what was going on this morning, but I had to get word to everyone that I was, so far, safe, and heading south. 
Heading south now with Pout. Nice evening in the woods. I am fine. 6:15 am now. 
I climbed the stand and hoped to send this text and see if anyone had replied to mine yesterday. No service. I waited for a few more minutes, then gave up, ready to get moving. 
Once I found a southerly bearing we picked up a canter. At this rate, surely I would find someone soon, but how would I know who to trust? I would make that decision when I ran into that problem. We ran into hogs, scattered more deer, and thankfully, Pout stayed with us. At last I could see a clearing ahead. The road! 
Once we hit the road, we galloped east as fast as we could go. About fifteen minutes later, I started seeing camps. We slowed to a trot, and I went up to the first one and saw there was no one inside. Tying Viva to a loose branch, I walked up the steps and tried the door. Locked. The windows. Locked. I went around to the other side and tried the back door. Open. Thank goodness! 
Inside the cabin I searched in every room for a telephone. Kitchen, bedrooms, den, no telephone…anywhere. Back down the stairs – back on Viva – we trotted to the next camp. Deserted as well. Where was everyone? 
Once again, I tied Viva to a tree and started up the stairs. Before I could reach the top, I heard a truck. I dashed back downstairs,  mounted Viva, and eased into a cane thicket, out of sight. The truck was getting closer, and my heart pounded. 
Do I trust them? Should I stop them? Against all my fears, I walked into the middle of the road. The truck slowed, then stopped. I remained in place. 
“Miss Marks?” a hostile voice growled. 
“Who are you?” I asked, ignoring his question. 
“Duncan,” he said. “What the hell are you doing?” 
My blood went cold. How did they know my name? What are the chances that the only truck I found would be one of theirs? 
“I have hundreds of people looking for me,” I said. Much more bravely than I felt. “I called my friends earlier this morning when I found a signal,” I said, not moving. “They know I’m coming in…and where I’ll be…they’ll be here any minute. I need you to tell them that I’m all right.” 
“I already radioed in that I found you,” he grumbled. “They didn’t seem to have gotten your message. At least they hadn’t just now.” 
His words spurred icy shivers. Fear gripped me, and I almost bolted. Almost. 
“Mr. Hinton and his nephew Griffen Case are on their way,” I said hoping the names would be familiar to him and make him reconsider killing me now, thinking others were not far away. “They said they were almost here.” 
“I did, too. Mr. Hinton’s the one who sent me.” 
I almost swooned with relief. So he was not one of them? I sat on Viva, speechless, but still couldn’t bring myself to move. 
“Now, you gonna get down off that hoss or am I gonna haveta come get you?” 
“Where are they, then?” I said, longing to see someone I knew before I believed I was truly safe. 
“How the hell do I know?” he barked. “Get on over here, honey. This coffee won’t stay hot forever. You bound to be cold.” 
Coffee was going to be my death. I was so tempted. I didn’t move. I wanted to believe he wasn’t bad, but all my instincts still screamed run! 
“Please sir,” I said, my voice wavering. “What do you want from me? Why are you after me?” 
“I told you, Mr. Hinton has had half the county looking for you, Miss Marks,” he yelled, really getting impatient now. “In case you haven’t noticed, you’ve been out all night!” 
“Mr. Duncan, why do you want me to get off my horse?” I asked again. “Can’t you just let me follow you to where I need to go?” 
“Damn it, honey,” he shouted. “My wife’ll have my hide if I didn’t even offer you a ride after you’ve spent all night in the cold. Now, come on over here and get something to drink. Hell, I’ve even got some do-nuts in here if you’re hungry.” 
Do-nuts and coffee. How bad could he be? I rode over to his truck and he extended his hand – and a steaming Styrofoam cup that gleamed in the early light. I reached out and took it from him. 
“Thank you, Mr. Duncan,” I said, relishing the warmth. 
“Duncan,” he growled. “Just Duncan. I’m not Mr. Duncan. That’s my father’s name.” 
“Duncan, you’re not going to attack me, too, then?” I grinned, trying to cover my embarrassment at still not truly accepting his hospitality. Manners had to be put a little behind survival. Just a little. 
“Lord no! Attacking you would get me in all sorts of trouble with  the missus, much less the law! I don’t know who you are, or what’s going on, but you have a lot of people searching this swamp for you,” he grinned a semi-toothless grin that reached his eyes. 
It was the most beautiful smile I had seen in ages. 
“I’ll take that do-nut, now, if you don’t mind.” 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Chapter 25 - Halcyon Hopes

The best horses to which carriages should be hitched are those that will back into their harness as it barrels down the hill. 

I compromised with Duncan by agreeing to follow him back to the main house. I knew I had nothing to fear from him, but I was still not willing to dismount until I saw a familiar face. I was so tired, but still not sure what was happening and who was after me or why. How many were in on this? Was anyone else hurt? 
The long gravel road stretched past other camps and was bordered by bright green winter wheat that contrasted sharply with the gray brown woods on each side. To the right, a large building surrounded by a porch balanced on stilts overlooking a cypress brake. Several people I didn’t recognize stood outside, watching us, eyes not at all friendly, or maybe I was just being paranoid. What is up with these people? I nervously sat a little straighter on Viva, wishing I could see someone I recognized. 
Before we could make it to the club’s the main camp, Griffen’s truck roared into view. The great wave of relief that washed over me was instantly replaced with foreboding. How was he going to handle this? What would he do to those men when he finds them? If he finds them? How much does he already know? What should I tell him? 
In spite of these thoughts, I kicked Viva into a gallop and met him in the middle of the road. He skidded to a stop, jumped from his truck, and pulled me into his arms. 
“Dear God, Elliott, oh thank God,” he breathed into my hair and crushed me against him, “I am so glad you’re safe, so glad you’re here.” 
All the tension of the night fell away, and I forgot everything except I was safe, he was here, I had coffee-breath, but still had a peppermint. I popped it into my mouth and turned my face up to his so he could kiss me as long as he liked. 
I heard more trucks pulling up, and everyone was hitting me with questions all at once. Griffen handed Viva to Addy and guided me to his truck, backing away the well-wishers. 
“Where are the hounds?” I finally asked, shaking myself out of my euphoric stupor. 
“They’re all safe. Pout was the only one missing. William’s taking them all home in a little while now that we found you.” 
“Where are we?” I finally asked. 
“A very long way from our camp,” he said. “I’ll fill you in on everything, but for now, you need to rest.” 
Rest. I was so tired, I could hardly move. Rest sounded fabulous, but I wanted to know how much he knew – about…them. 
“Did you get my message?” 
“Yes. You don’t have to worry about those men,” he said softly  gripping my left hand and bringing it up to his lips. My stomach fluttered, and I leaned my head back on the seat. I wanted badly to rest, but my mind would not stop working. What did he mean about not having to worry about them? 
“What happened? Were there others?” I asked, hoping no other people had been attacked. 
“Yes, there were six of them, as far as they would tell me,” he snarled, and his knuckles tightened on the steering wheel. 
“You talked to them?” I asked, stunned. 
“Not exactly,” he said. “Ben did most of that.” 
“Ben?” 
He looked at me and hesitated for a moment, and it looked like he was trying to decide what to tell me. 
“Griffen, I need to know what happened,” I said evenly. “What did you do?” The donuts and coffee had finally put the terrible hunger and thirst that had so recently weakened me at bay. 
“When the hounds moved west, we all moved with them, and for a long time, we heard them. When we lost radio contact with you, William had everyone move further west and we did just that – at a gallop. We could all hear the hounds…at least for a little while.” 
We were pulling into the Hale’s camp now, so he paused. He turned to me, took my face in his hand, and lifted my chin so he could look deep into my eyes. With his free hand, he stroked the hair out of my face. He was so calming, such a magnificent presence. He might as well have wrapped his arms around me. I wanted to collapse in his arms right there – in spite of the truck’s console. 
“Elliott, let’s get you some food. I know you’re hungry. I think you should rest, too, at least for a while. You’ve been through quite   an ordeal. There’s plenty of time for you to hear all this – just know that we got them, and they won’t be bothering you or any of us anymore. Addy’s already called your parents and told them that you’re safe.” 
“My parents? Those men, you didn’t…and Ben…” 
“No, although I would loved to have…Ben stopped me. They are still alive,” he growled meeting my gaze. I could see he was looking for something from me – a reaction – approval maybe? 
“I’m so sorry,” I said as a wave of emotion threatened to crash through all my barriers. I was so tired, still so hungry, feeling so weak and dizzy – it was maddening. I was also…relieved. Griffen had not killed the beasts, but something had happened. How did he find them? How did he know? How many people are involved in this? What had I done to them to make them so angry? I wanted to hear, but I could barely keep my eyes open. He walked to my side of the truck and opened the door. 
“Viva?” I asked. 
“Addy and Ben have her – they’re bringing her here to my camp,” he said guiding me to my room and sitting beside me on the bed. “Rest, my brave little vixen, while I make you some breakfast.” 
“Don’t leave,” I said, irrationally not wanting to be away from him – knowing he couldn’t stay in here with me even if he wanted to. 
“Rest. You need that now more than you need me interrogating you,” he said, his eyes so soft, and tender, as they took in my entire face. 
“Don’t want rest. Want you…stay here,” my lids were getting heavier. I felt him beside me again, and his lips brushed across my forehead.  
“Shh, my precious, Elliott, rest now, you are safe, I’m not leaving. I’ll be in the kitchen,” he whispered as he gently stroked my hair. 
“Thanks,” and, in spite of my stomach, the darkness swallowed me. 
~~~
I woke to the heavenly smell of bacon. My stomach demanded that I react as hunger tried to devour me from within. Staggering to the mirror, I gasped. In spite of my hunger, and because I knew who was cooking the bacon, I jumped in the shower, changed, and worked on my face. My hair would have to just be wet. I toweled my long dark hair dry and pulled a brush through it. The alarm clock showed 11:00 am – I had slept for four hours. 
I pulled on some jeans, a plain white shirt, and swiped a little color onto my lips. I had to eat, but I wanted to know everything about what happened last night while I was hiding in the swamp. Presentable now, I opened the door to my bedroom and found Mother in the kitchen. 
“Mother!” I exclaimed, trying to sound pleased, but desperately disappointed. “What are you doing here?” 
“Happy New Year to you, too, dear!” she beamed, oblivious to my consternation. “How are you feeling?” 
“F...fine,” I stammered. “I’m fine, now. I was just really tired, that’s all.” 
“Did those men hurt you?” she said as she walked over and gave me a huge hug. “I can’t believe you were attacked! Please promise me you will never ride alone again. You could have really been…hurt! You would tell me, wouldn’t you, if anything happened to you? 
“Of course, Mother, I am fine – Thanks to Viva,” I said, wondering where Griffen was and hoping he wasn’t far. How was I going to politely dismiss my mother? 
“Here, dear,” she said indicating for me to sit. “I made some more bacon. It looks like the food that was here had been devoured.” 
The bacon, eggs, and toast she made gave me the lift I needed to put on a much brighter performance than I actually felt. 
“Where’s Daddy?” I asked. 
“He and Griffen are with the horses,” she said. “I think he was going to help load everything so you could get back to Oxford after lunch. No one wanted to disturb you, so we’ve been keeping everyone away from the camp. It seems the Hales left yesterday afternoon for Memphis. Griffen said we could make ourselves at home here with you.” 
“Thanks, Mother,” I said. “Thank you for breakfast, too. You didn’t need to come, but I really appreciate it.” 
“No worries, dear,” she said. “You know your Daddy – he had to see for himself that you were fine, and that those men wouldn’t be bothering anyone else. I’ve never seen him so upset!” 
Another wave of guilt washed over me. This was all my fault – and so embarrassing. If only I had been able to get the hounds back earlier or stopped them and not gotten lost, this would have never happened. So many people worrying about me. And the party...and today’s hunt…all cancelled I was sure. 
“What’s wrong, dear?” she said as she watched me. She never misses a beat. 
“I just hate that so many people went to so much trouble because of…me…again,” I said. “This is getting embarrassing.”  
“Honey, you could not possibly have known that there were crazy men lurking in the swamp,” she said. “I’m just so glad you were able to get away from them! And you spent the whole night outside – how did you do that? That was so very brave of you.” 
My stomach clenched at the memory – the blood on the man’s face matching the red hatred in his eyes, the way they reached out for Viva…for me – Thankfully, the door opened and Griffen and Daddy appeared. 
“Elliott, sweetheart!” Daddy beamed and grabbed me in a bear hug. 
“Daddy!” I gasped in surprise at his outburst, and his grip on my lungs. 
“I am so glad you’re here and in one piece! I hear the other guys will not be eating solid food for a while,” he said glancing appraisingly at Griffen. 
I followed his glance, and Griffen actually blushed. 
“Will someone please tell me what happened?” I said, giving up for now on my alone time. 
“What is left of that bunch will no longer bother you or any of the foxhunters,” Daddy said. “Not only did Griffen pulverize them, Ben’s father and Griffen’s uncle are making sure that they and three generations of their kids will be banned from this area forever. It was one thing for them to be lurking around intimidating outsiders, but another for them to attack a young lady regardless of where you’re from. The whole county’s in an uproar.” 
“Did this have to do with the ones that attacked Griffen?” I asked. 
“Oh yes,” Daddy said. “These two were looking for trouble. We’re pretty sure they were the only ones – just troublemakers mad about the scene at Stanford Hall. We’re trying to get to the bottom of all that now. They were looking for someone to intimidate, and you just happened to be the only one riding alone and with the hounds.” His fists clenched at the thought. 
“I only wish I’d been the one that found them,” he said in a menacing tone I had not heard since my oldest sister’s ex-boyfriend showed up at our house drunk at midnight and pleading for her to take him back ten years ago. “They definitely would not be walking today if I had.” 
“It’s only because Ben and William were both there that I didn’t finish the job I started,” Griffen said, apologetically, but his eyes gleamed at the memory. “They were able to talk some sense into me about ripping off their worthless…well,” he looked at Mother and me remembering he had an audience. 
“Griffen!” I said. “What do you mean? How did you know who was after me?” 
“I rode up on two men on four-wheelers not too long after we lost contact with you,” he said. “They looked harmless enough, but one had a large fresh gash on his cheekbone. I asked if they’d seen the hounds. They just pointed back to where they had come and said they’d heard them, but not seen anyone.” He paused a moment to collect his thoughts. 
So I did get my lick in on that one then. Interesting. 
“At about the same time, William, Ben, Addy and the rest of the field galloped by, but passed me when I waved them on. The men looked nervous, but I had no idea at the time that you’d been attacked. They pulled off on their four-wheelers, and I saw your hunting whip  in the bed of one of them. That’s when I jumped from Jet and grabbed the guy with the gash.” 
The mental image of him galloping after the four-wheeler men, launching himself from his majestic black horse, and crashing into the beast that tried to grab Viva almost caused me to plant a huge kiss on his beautiful face in front of my…parents. 
“What did the other guy do, then?” I asked, resisting the urge. 
“He was very stupid,” Griffen said, smiling. “He pulled a gun on me.” 
We all held our breath – this must be news to them, too. 
“He may as well have advertised he had hurt you, so I knocked the gun out of his hand and worked him over…a good bit too,” he said. “William must have heard the gun misfire, so they galloped back to see what was happening when I didn’t respond on the radio. Ben jumped the other one, holding him down and asking where you were between punches. They played stupid until I showed them your whip and demanded how they got it.” 
“William kept Ben and me both from killing them – he said they weren’t worth it. We realized that you got away, and they had no idea where you were, but no one believed they hadn’t hurt you until we got the text you sent right before dark. Still, we’ve been looking for you all night.” 
“Carolyn, it is time for us to get back to Canton,” Daddy said, thank goodness. I could tell that they both were exhausted, too. “Elliott, we’re so glad you’re fine, and Griffen, thank you. Thank you for taking care of her.” 
“You’re welcome, sir,” he said. 
I hugged my parents, and they hugged Griffen as well. He seemed surprised at their easy affection for him, but he returned the gesture with a one-armed hug. 
When they left, we were finally alone. Blessed be – I walked over to the couch, trying not to leap into his arms and drag him back into my cave this time. 
He stood at the doorway a few minutes and stared out the window. His face was calculating, so strong, so dark, and so very perfect. He looked back at me eyes glowing – my throat constricted just a little since he caught me looking at him – then a wide grin spread across his face. 
“Happy New Year, Elliott,” he said as he covered the distance between us in an instant, dragged me into his arms, and kissed me like I’d risen from the dead. My arms wrapped around his neck and pulled him down close to me as we collapsed laughing onto the couch…all the tension of the past several hours finally dissipating. 
“Elliott,” he whispered, “I was so afraid you’d been hurt, that you would hurt yourself running from them – so worried that you were afraid,” he said, his lips burrowing in my hair, along my neck; his strong arms crushing me in an iron grip. 
“Can’t breathe,” I gasped, and he jumped back like he’d been slapped. I grabbed him and pulled him back down next to me and traced my fingers along his perfect face. 
“I love you so much,” he said. “I was out of my mind not knowing where you were.” 
I looked at his eyes, staring so intently into mine and could see the relief and concern and love all mixed up – all the pain in them. 
“You, too,” I said, a little dizzy in spite of laughing. He made me feel like I had inhaled helium, so I couldn’t trust my voice. I cupped  his face in my hands and kissed him between his lovely, concerned, gorgeous eyes, trying to stop the hurt I saw in them. 
“Did you sleep at all?” he asked. 
“With Pout,” I grinned trying to lighten the mood. “After he showed up after midnight and nearly scared me to death.” 
“Before, though? It was so cold, so very dark,” he said, still looking at me and making it difficult to breathe. His concern for me was disorienting, and I had trouble focusing my thoughts. His penetrating gaze overwhelmed my crumbling senses. How can I really tell him about last night without sounding crazy? 
“The trees,” I said looking at him intently, not knowing how to explain last night – to put this into words. “The black brakes, the giant cypress trees – were like your memory – our morning together. They had given you so much peace and comfort, so I felt like you were with me, sort of. And there – almost – but….” It was so hard to explain this to him without feeling stupid. 
He tilted my face to him, and his eyes were so curious, so eager to hear me – to understand what I was trying to say, willing me to trust him, and they were searching – waiting. My breathing was still not regulating…at all. 
I looked away for a minute trying to concentrate, to explain the tangible peace that surrounded me last night. “The woods, Viva, and Pout, even…I was so calm…tired, sure, but at peace last night… amazingly so. I fell asleep knowing I would be all right, but worrying mostly about you – and what you must be thinking – when you got my message.” 
“You were worried…about…me?” Griffen stared, amazed. 
“Well, yes,” I said, really feeling ridiculous. “I knew you didn’t know that I had found a safe place, but I did not have a way to let you know I was fine.” 
“But, you were not fine,” he said, his face hard. 
“That’s what I am trying to tell you,” I said frustrated now and a little embarrassed to be telling him this. “I had this feeling – a feeling of great peace washed over me – like a blanket. It was like the trees were comforting me – the swamp – the woods. I felt safe – I knew I had to be careful, but I kept praying, and God felt so close to me through these things – even the memories you gave me from that morning were so comforting, and I felt so safe, so amazingly safe.” 
“You’re incredible,” Griffen said almost angrily. “It took me a lot more time to come to that place – and I never really did, until I saw you. It was so cold last night, and you had no idea that we’d caught those animals. None of us knew, and we still don’t really know, how many people were involved. And I didn’t know whether or not you had been hurt, really.” 
“But, Griffen,” I said, hesitating. “Of course I was hiding from them. They weren’t going to find me where I was…at least in the dark…as long as we were quiet.” 
“That makes no sense, Elliott, love,” he said. “The part about them not being able to find you. Are you sure you didn’t hit your head when you were crashing through the woods?” 
“Griffen, I knew all that I wanted to do was to find you – to see you – and to keep you from doing something that would separate me from you forever – from being so angry with them you would hurt… us…and our chance to be together – to build a life together some day,” I said – pleased that this came out without my voice shaking. 
He pulled me closer to him and held me, not quite as tight. When  he released me, I saw his perfect face relax into a smile. 
“Elliott, my concern for you and hatred for those fools brought me to my knees…again,” he said, and his lips pursed into a thin line. His eyes snapped as he looked intently into mine again, trying to get me to understand…to listen…as if I had a choice. 
He kept his gaze on mine gently sweeping the hair off my neck, holding my hand in his other. He brushed his lips against mine softly, and I closed my eyes inhaling his wonderful scent so close to me, so comforting. When he spoke again, his voice was low and husky. 
“I’ve lived a long time thinking that I was complete. My choices were going to keep me safe from the life that I’d grown up around – I was not going to ever live like that again. I just knew that by finding a worthy purpose as you said, I’d be fine. I was so smugly satisfied that all was well, and that I would be spared this kind of…complication,” he said kissing my neck and pressing his hands into my hair, pulling me closer to him. 
He paused, and looked deeply into my eyes, stroking my jaw line with his fingers. “I thought I was whole – so many others like my uncle were happy doing that very thing. No violence, no arguments – no love hate madness – just purpose and peace.” 
I shivered at his touch and struggled to concentrate on his words, drinking them in as much as his soft, caressing touch. 
“But you…without even knowing what you were doing…destroyed all that when your lovely, muddy face rode into my life,” he whispered the last lines into my throat. I closed my eyes as he kissed my neck, my jaw, and softly met my lips. I tried to relax but could not resist this time grabbing his dark hair and pulling his face closer, meeting his soft kiss with a passionate possessiveness that surprised me. 
He pulled back, looked me in the eyes, and laughed. 
“Elliott, remember I’m still a guy…very much in love with you… very certain that I want to protect you…all of you,” he growled. “You’re not helping me keep my end of this bargain!” 
“How did this happen so quickly?” I laughed with him, grabbing him back and kissing him, this time, on the cheek. I still couldn’t keep my hands off his magnificent shoulders and pulled him back to me on the couch. He rolled away from me, stood, and walked to the window in one swift movement, looking out over the beautiful cypress brake. I watched him not believing he was real, still here, and so mine. 
His brow furrowed like he was gathering his thoughts. He paced restlessly in front of the windows, then stood in front of me beside the waning embers in the fireplace. He seemed to be testing his next remarks, and his brow furrowed in concentration. 
“After I hauled you out of that ditch, I tried to go back to my world. Back to doing what had always been my calling – my purpose. But you… you kept coming back to me – I couldn’t erase you from my thoughts.” He smiled at me for a moment, then looked back into the fireplace. 
“Once you happened to me, I was unsettled for a whole year. The more I learned about you, the more I knew how dangerous it would be for a person like you to get involved with someone like me. You’re so good, Elliott, so…perfect. Even if you, no, especially because you’re so naïve. That makes you even more perfect. You make people around you want to rise to your standards – you make it look so easy and so worth it. You’re so unselfish, so happy with who you are, and so unconcerned about what people think. To someone like me, avoiding permanent complications, you’re truly a terror,” he smiled.  
“I knew you’d be involved in the Opening Meet weekend, so I decided to help again, as usual. William didn’t mind, and I’m sure he was expecting it. I was just going to observe you and hope, for some reason, you’d changed. Then I saw you again and you were, if anything, more irresistible…and…surprisingly, still unattached. But I still held back thinking I’d never be able to give you the kind of peaceful, secure life someone like you deserved.” 
He turned and faced me again but remained by the fireplace. “Now that I’ve seen some of how your family lives, and paid more attention to how others live, I know now that the only life I ever knew is not how it has to be. You taught me that. I just hope I won’t hurt you – I have no practice in this area – like I said – this was never in the plan…in my plan.” 
He stepped back to the window and looked out over the brake again. I walked over and wrapped my arms around him, leaning my face into his back and drinking in his solid presence. 
“Griffen, I trust you,” I said. “And…I love you.” 
“It’s the first part I’m worried about,” he said turning to face me and drawing my soul in through his eyes. “I’ve always counted on the last – at least when I’m able to put my hands on you.” 
“You are an arrogant piece of work!” I snapped, not flinching from the unmistakable challenge in his gaze. “That second part is just lust – purely petty animal lust! That can happen with anyone!” 
“Oh really?” he smiled and arched an eyebrow. “So you’re telling me now that you feel like this around all the boys?” 
“You know better,” I said, looking into his marvelous, amused face and relishing his hands resting on my back gently holding me against him. “I trust you,” I said wryly underneath my lashes and stretched  up toward his smiling face, “completely.” 
“Alone with me here,” he whispered into my neck, his left arm pulling me closer to him, his right working through my still damp hair, “for as long as we like…” his lips moving softly to my collarbone, “New Year’s Day…” he continued up my neck, “smelling so clean and perfect,” he said as he reached my chin and paused to let his eyes meet mine. 
I shivered with pleasure at his petulant gaze. If he wants a challenge, I’ll give it to him – holding my ground. But was this a challenge for him, or for me? I couldn’t tell because the world had stopped, and I didn’t care because I was spinning and spiraling deeper in love with him. He loved me, too, I knew I could trust him, and we had plenty of time to practice before committing to a lifetime. Grand, too, was silent. 
“You definitely hit your head,” he growled. 
The dying embers sparked into one last attempt at flames. Outside, the cypress brake heralded the Sun’s mid day victory over the cold, cloudy New Year’s day. A drake Wood Duck drifted by the bank radiating brilliant colors when he passed through the scattered sunlight. Smiling contentedly, I closed my eyes as he cradled me in the shelter of his magnificent, implacable arms. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Acknowledgements
A special thanks to the many thousands of writers who take the time to make learning about people and places so much fun – particularly authors Stephenie Meyer, J. K. Rowling, David McCullough, Wilbur Smith, Vince Flynn, Clive Cussler, Mary Ann Shaffer, Annie Barrows, Rita Mae Brown, and Rick Riordan for creating worlds that inspired me to write my own stories. 
A special thanks to the authors Jill Conner Browne, Cali Canberra, David Carnoy, Todd Kaderbek, Jan Neuharth, Steve Price, Jim Ritchie, and Kathryn Stockett who took the time to encourage a first time novelist. 
Many many thanks to all my friends and family, but especially to those listed below. You know what you did to get me started, and I thank you. 
The ace editing team Anna Lin Conner, Paige Ford, Jenny Foy, Luz Huesca, Megan Kernop, Taylor McCullough, Amanda Morales, Alanna Nunez, John Taylor Schaffhauser, Lila Sessums, and Susan Williams for helping me catch, hopefully, most of the mistakes. 
My cheerleaders Molly Ables, Debbie Adams, Blakeney Bryant, Elaine and Jimmy Crews, Kaki Crews, David Dickson, William Foushee, Joy Foy, Kay Galloway, Will Galloway, Jo Ann Gordon, Julie Grogan, Tracey Jones, Janie, Dan, and Kim Kennedy, Drew Morgan, Kate and John Morrison, Perry Ritchie, Gracie, Jennifer, and John Schaffhauser, Daniel Smith, Ebbie Spivey, Ben Street, and Caroline Terry for your faith and encouragement. 
The beautiful and talented Alison Martin for her perfect cover and book design. 
My brother, Nolen Grogan, for taking pictures of Chase and me that actually looked good in broad daylight without Photoshop. 
My teenage boys…Jake for introducing me to Crossfade’s song, Invincible, that fits this story perfectly and Turner, for coming up with the title, 
My Daddy, Bill Grogan, for a lifetime example of living the Christian life to the fullest, taking me hunting with him when I was a little girl, and encouraging me to spread my wings and fly…from the moment I took my first step. 

Characters – In Order of Appearance
1. Elliott Marks – narrator, this is her life 
2. Robin Simmons – trainer 
3. Grand – Elliott’s deceased maternal grandmother whose admonitions 
and advice constantly keep her “in line” 
4. Ashley Woods – rides at Elliott’s barn 
5. Elliott’s mother – Lisa Marks 
6. Sister Allen – Ben’s little sister, Elliott does not tell us her name 
7. Carolyn Allen – Ben’s mother 
8. Ben Allen – Elliott’s neighbor 
9. Shannon Kraft – Elliott’s high school friend 
10. Mr. Glasgow – High School physics teacher 
11. Leslie White – Elliott’s high school friend and roommate at Ole Miss 
12. Elaine Melton – Elliott’s high school friend 
13. Mr. Jones – High school economics teacher 
14. Lily – student at Elliott’s barn, fourth grade girl 
15. Elliott’s father – James Marks 
16. Christopher James – Ben’s high school friend, student at Millsaps, 
17. Bonnie Walters – hunt secretary – Woodland Hunt 
18. Griffen Case – student at Vanderbilt 
19. Janice Black – whipper-in – Woodland Hunt – student at Millsaps 
20. Pete Sanders – huntsman – Woodland Hunt 
21. Big River Hunt members 
a. William Greene – huntsman, Master 
b. Sylvia Greene – his wife 
c. Lydia Wright – whipper-in 
d. Stephen Smith – whipper-in 
e. Susan Walters – whipper-in 
f. Bo Whittington – whipper-in 
g. Bob Allen – whipper-in (not related to Ben) 
h. Jane Rings – second flight field master 
i. Mrs. Harrison – field member 
j. Hunting Harpie – unnamed snippy woman in the field 
22. Eddie – troublesome redneck that gets kicked out of Stanford Hall 
23. Miles Stanford – owns Stanford Hall 
24. Em – no last name mentioned, Mr. Stanford’s hired hand 
25. Addison (Addy) Falls – Elliott’s college friend 
26. Mr. Hinton – Griffen’s uncle 
27. Eilene Watson – Master and field master, Big River 

Places – In Order of Appearance
• Canton, Mississippi – Elliott’s home town 
• Highland Hills High School – Elliott’s high school 
• River Run Farm – Elliott’s barn in high school 
• The University of Mississippi – Ole Miss, Elliott’s college 
• Hickory Hill Stables – place where Elliott rides in Oxford 
• Stanford Hall – site of one of Big River Hunt’s opening meets, Mississippi 
Delta near Greenwood 
• Hale’s Duck Camp – in the Delta behind the Mississippi River Levee 
• Hinton’s Duck Camp – Griffen’s uncle’s camp 
• Patterson Farm – Greenwood 

Hounds – Big River Hunt
Cora 
Goboy – puppy, young entry Rufus 
Google – puppy, young entry Snake – weanling puppy 
Gypsy – likes to chase bobcats Sounder – not a strike hound, gets on hogs 
Pepper – puppy, young entry Spice 
Pout – puppy, young entry Trooper 

Horses
• Blazer – chestnut Appendix Quarter Horse gelding, rental, later Ben’s 
• Bonfire – Ashley’s chestnut Thoroughbred gelding 
• Harley – black Quarter Horse gelding 
• Jet – Griffen’s black Thoroughbred gelding 
• Knox – gray cob 
• Moon Pie – gray pony 
• Shade – dark bay Quarter Horse gelding, rental horse 
• Sonny – buckskin Appendix Quarter Horse gelding, rental horse 
• Viva – Elliott’s gray Thoroughbred mare 
• Wallace – gray Irish Draft 

Other Characters
• Angus – Scottish gamekeeper 
• Mr. and Mrs. Griffen Case – Griffen’s parents 
• Duncan – caretaker for hunting club on the Mississippi River 
• Fionan – Scottish driver 
• Jennifer Marks – Elliott’s oldest sister 
• Miscellaneous mysterious men in the woods 
• Panzer – Griffen’s Chesapeake Bay Retriever 
• Mr. Salter – shooter in Scotland 
• Mr. and Mrs. Stewart – Scottish landowners 

Mrs. Sylvia’s List of Foxhunting and General Riding Terms
• Account for – (v) When the hunted quarry escapes to a place where it cannot be reached by the hounds, is bayed, or caught by the pack. 
• Away – The game has “gone away” when is has left covert. Hounds are “away” when they have left covert on the line of their quarry. 
• Babble – (v) To give tongue on scent other than fox, on no scent at all, or on a scent too faint to follow. Not a desirable trait. 
• Bling – (n) Never appropriate in the hunt field. No excessive jewelry allowed. Wedding rings and tiny stud earrings are permissible. Stock pins should be plain. 
• Breastplate – (n) Part of the horse’s gear that keeps the saddle from slipping out of place and gives the rider another place to grab in case of emergencies. 
• Bridle path – (n) The area of the horse’s mane shaved right behind the ears. Usually no longer than an inch or two. 
• Button – (n) See hunt button. 
• Canter – (v) A three-beat comfortable rocking gait. Usually faster than the trot and slower than the gallop. 
• Cap – (n) Riding helmet (v or n) Fee. Visitors pay a “capping fee” for the privilege of riding to hounds. 
• Cast – (n) A planned move by the huntsman to guide the hounds to a lost line. (v) Or, the hounds my cast themselves. 
• Check – (n) A halt in the run caused by hounds l osing the line. (v) Hounds check when they lose the line temporarily. At these times, the field must refrain from excessive chatter. 
• Colors – (n) The colors on the collar of the scarlet (gentlemen) or black (ladies) coat that distinguish the uniform of one hunt from another. (Some hunts have coats other than scarlet.) To be awarded colors by the Master is to be given the right to wear them and the hunt button. 
• Coop – (n) Short for chicken coop. An inviting, a-frame, wooden jump set over wire fences. Usually around three-feet high. 
• Couple(s) – (n) Two hounds, (any gender), for convenience in counting. (n) Usually a leather device used to keep two hounds joined to each other for convenience in control or training. (v) To attach two hounds together by use of couples. 
• Covert – (n) (pronounced “cover”) A patch of woods or dense growth where the quarry might be found. 
• Crop – (n) The stick part of the hunting whip. • Cry – (n) The sound given by hounds when they are on a line. 
• Cubhunting – Early hunting before the formal season. 
• Field – (n) The group of people riding to hounds, excluding the Master and staff. There are usually two or more fields in hunting. 
• Field Master – (n) The person chosen by the Master to control the field. 
• Fixture – (n) The place that the hunt meets. 
• Fixture Card – (n) The mailed or e-mailed list of dates and times that is sent to hunt members indicating when and where the hunts will take place. Receiving a fixture card is equivalent to being invited to hunt. 
• Gaited Horse – (n) One of many breeds who have more “gears” than walk, trot, canter, and gallop. Usually thought of as show or trail riding horses, some make excellent foxhunters. 
• Grand Slam – (n) Successfully accounting for a fox, coyote, and bobcat in a day’s hunt. Cause for great excitement. 
• Ground – (n) “Go to ground.” To take shelter. 
• Hair Net – (n) Essential part of a lady’s attire. Should either be black or match the color of the lady’s hair. Never should hair be seen billowing around. Most unbecoming. In some hunts, a lady may be sent home for the infraction. Exception: junior girls’ pigtails are welcome and encouraged. 
• Hand – (n) Measurement used for horses. One hand equals four inches. 
• Harpie – See Hunting Harpie. 
• Hilltoppers – (n) Riders who do not plan to jump and move at a leisurely pace after the hounds. The group usually rides to the ability of the least capable of the group. With the right field master, they often see the most game. 
• Honor – (v) A hound honors when he speaks on a line that another hound has been hunting. 
• Hounds – (n) Foxhounds are hounds, not dogs, and they are counted in couples. Male hounds are “dogs” and females are “bitches”. All other canines are referred to as “curs” regardless of their breeding. 
• Hunt Breakfast – (n) Meal served any time of the day after the hunt for the members, staff, and guests. Typically around noon but can be later. Sometimes catered by the host, but more often potluck. If potluck, then attendees are expected to bring a dish and beverages to share. 
• Hunt Button – (n) Black or brass button with the hunt’s special logo engraved upon it. Members with colors are allowed to wear the hunt buttons. 
• Hunt Country – (n) The most critical component of the sport, this is the land over which foxhunters ride. Most hunts need a minimum of 3000 acres to show good sport and more if regularly hunting coyotes. 
• Hunting Crop – (n) See hunting whip. 
• Hunting Harpie – (n) Usually a female without manners who is over mounted and overexcited enough to shout and snap at those around her who cause her distress during the hunt. Occasionally seen in males, too. 
• Hunting Whip – (n) Part of the attire of a foxhunter, these have either a wooden knob or stag handle, a leather thong, and silk popper. The whip is used to open gates, control hounds (only when asked by staff), or to lend to a staff member who has lost or broken theirs. 
• Huntsman – (n) Person who hunts the hounds. 
• Joint Meet – (n) Planned joint hunts with two or more hunts participating. 
• Lark – (v) Jump fences unnecessarily. Typically frowned upon, but occasionally allowed by field masters on slow hunting days. 
• Lash – (n) The part of the hunting whip that cracks. Usually made of silk. 
• Lead – (n) The leg that is in front during the canter. Horses cantering in a circle to the left would typically do so on the left lead. 
• Leg up – (n) The act of helping another person on to their horse by the person on the ground cupping their hands for the rider’s knee. The rider is then lifted to a height where he or she can easily put the other leg over the saddle. 
• Line – (n) The trail of the quarry. 
• Master – (n) The Master of Foxhounds. The person in command of the hunt in the field and kennels. 
• Meet – (n or v) Where the hunt takes place. “The meet tomorrow is at...or “Hounds meet tomorrow at...” 
• Open – (v) A hound “opens” when he first speaks upon scenting the quarry. 
• Opening Meet – (n) The first formal hunt of the season. 
• Panel – (n) The portion of any jumpable fence between two posts. Also, a jumpable portion built into a wire fence. Sometimes used interchangeably with coop. 
• Pelham bit – (n) Leverage bit usually ridden with two sets of reins. Can provide extra stopping leverage when riding horses in groups at speed over uncertain terrain. 
• Pilot – (n) Rider who takes fences or dangerous spots first to ensure their suitability or safety for the rider(s) behind. 
• Point – (n) The distance covered in a run. “That was a six mile point, but twelve miles as hounds ran.” Also, the location to which a whipper-in is sent to watch for game to go away. 
• Quarry – (n) Coyote, fox, bobcat. 
• Radio – (n) Special communication equipment on the same frequency carried by members and staff of hunts who often encounter coyotes. Only staff speaks on the radio. Should be turned down low or off so as not to disturb the game or sounds of the hounds. (v) To call to staff on the hunt’s radio frequency. 
• Ratcatcher – Informal hunting attire. Correct for cubhunting and weekday hunts if indicated. 
• Release forms – (n) Paperwork to release the hunt from liability should a rider be injured or killed while foxhunting. 
• Riot – (n and v) When hounds chase things they are not supposed to chase. Also, the term for inappropriate game. 
• Road – (v) Move the hounds as a pack. 
• Run – (n) The time that hounds open on a line and lose or account for their quarry. This usually implies a gallop. “That was an excellent run.” 
• Snaffle bit – (n) Single rein bit that is often ignored by the best-trained horses when it experiences foxhunting for the first time. Often used by riders in the front of the field, huntsmen, or whippers-in who ride alone, but rarely a safe choice by those trying to survive riding en masse in the field. 
• Speak – (v) To give tongue when on the quarry. 
• Staff – (n) The huntsman, whippers-in, and kennelmen. Paid are professionals; unpaid are honorary. 
• Stern – (n) Hound’s tail. 
• Tack – (n) Riding gear. 
• Tack up – (v) Putting on the horse’s riding gear. 
• Tally ho – A phrase shouted gleefully when one views the hunted game. Can cause much embarrassment for same if inappropriate quarry is identified. 
• Thong – (n) The braided leather part of the hunting whip. 
• Tongue – See Speak. 
• View – (v or n) Seeing the quarry. 
• Vixen – (n) Female fox. 
• Whip-in – (v) To serve as a whipper-in for a hunt 
• Whipper-in – (n) A staff member who assists the huntsman with the hounds. 

also available at 
www.allisoncrewsbooks.com

Impasse
There was nothing I could do to change him. Did I even want to? Of course I’mnot going to willingly choose a life of extreme emotional volatility – I never have hadto deal with that; well, not counting growing up with two older sisters. I love him, butMother and Grand say love isn’t enough. 
What do I know about love? Attraction is obvious, at least, with both of them. But who should I choose to love?

Excerpt from Impasse
Back in the Saddle

"Foxhunting provides those fleeting moments of total abandonment – of wind in your hair, bugs in your teeth kind of living. At its best, it is totally out of control. Hounds are screaming, hooves are thundering, the horn is blasting as you race and jump across country to die for, often in weather not fit for man or beast. It is the original extreme sport..."
– Carla M. Hawkinson, MFH 

Black hooves pummeling the frozen field, Viva whirled across the sage. I asked for more speed, twisting a bit of her mane in my right fingers to steady myself should she leave me behind with her response. She didn’t, and I leaned forward ever so slightly to compensate – doing my best not to upset her balance at this blistering pace.
At the edge of the field, menacing thorn bushes impaired our progress, and we slowed just enough to negotiate. Bouncing, dodging, jumping, leaping through razor sharp branches, she at last stretched down and long when we reached the field beyond – her strides now pulling maximum speed. I sat as if riding a missile, glorying in her fluid motion. No time to check for holes, can’t even see the ground, can’t see through my wind born tears…have to get across this field before the hounds, their music was getting louder, the orchestra in full crescendo…
“Split pack! Stop the ones going south!” William’s voice cracked over my radio. Although he was shouting, I barely heard him over the wind’s roar. We were already going that direction at top speed since the pack of foxhounds had suddenly turned and headed our way. Behind me, I heard more thunderous rumbling.
Stretched along Viva’s neck, I glanced over my right shoulder to see Griffen and Jet approaching like wingmen closing the gap. Griffen signaled for me to continue south while they turned toward where hounds were likely to appear. The unspoken gesture meant that he wanted me to keep going south to get ahead of the pack should he be unable to stop them. 
I was not familiar with this part of our hunt country, for I had never ventured this far south. Although we had only been galloping a few minutes, Thoroughbreds and foxhounds at top speed could cover several miles. A barbed wire fence loomed, and my heart sank. I had no idea whether or not there were jumps or gates in this fence. Precious time would be lost looking, so we kept going – straight for the fence. Hounds were behind us, but we had to get to the other side…just in case. Beyond this pasture was a dangerous interstate, and the hounds had to be protected.
Griffen’s whip cracked behind me, and he yelled at the hounds trying to generate enough noise to make them lift their heads and stop hunting. Maybe he would be able to stop them in time. Where is a good place to cross this fence? It’s barbed wire – No safe place to jump…why had I not taken the time to teach Viva to jump wire?!
At last, I found a spot with no bushes or trees on either side, dropped Viva’s reins, laid my hunting whip across my saddle, snatched off my red coat, and tossed it toward the fence – Viva impatiently dancing and prancing all the while – and rapidly losing precious seconds as the hounds continued to gain on us. I planned to jump my coat since wire is hard for a horse to see. Viva and I had done this before, the tattered lining of my coat all the worse for our improvisions. Viva’s prancing was irritating me now…it was hard to manage this with her incessant impatience.
“Whoa! You and I have to cross this together, Viva!” I said, exasperated as she continued to prance.
The coat flew through the air and crumpled to the ground. Missed. Swinging off Viva and thinking unladylike thoughts, I picked it up and flung it over the wire. Jet’s hooves rattled the earth behind me again, and I glanced around Viva in time to see Jet and Griffen shoot over the fence like a comet just three feet away – I guess they showed us. My heavens what a pair! Incredible at a distance, dangerous up close. If only I could ride like that some day…what a site. My heart skipped three beats – 
“Concentrate, Elliott! Yes, he’s a quite a sight! But you have a job to do!” my long dead but very much alive in my mind grandmother, Grand, cackled. 
Hounds were screaming across the field, but I had not seen what they were chasing. It looked like there were only six in this group, but they were racing hard on the line. I tried to steady Viva to get back on, but she continued to prance.
“Whoa!” I barked and tightened her reins reprovingly.
Still at last, Viva blew a deep, impatient breath while she waited for me to climb on. I swear she rolled her eyes. Once mounted, I circled her back a few paces to prepare to jump the wire. Griffen fired his pistol, and at the shot the hounds lifted their heads and stopped hunting. 
He gathered all six and directed them away from the interstate. When they heard William’s horn, they ran to him. I heaved a sigh of relief and frustration, for now I had to get back down, collect my coat, and prepare for the onslaught of abuse about “girls being slow in the field.” He would give me unmitigated grief about being left behind, but I welcomed his good-natured abuse. I was proud to be able to keep up with him most of the time, since I had only been riding for a few years. He and Jet had been doing this a lot longer than I had.
Viva started, and I turned so I could see what had caused her reaction. She was still keyed up from the long gallop, but I had not expected anyone else to be in this area. 
“Elliott!” Addy called urgently as she and Harley trotted over to us. “Our radio’s not working. Ben asked me to swipe yours since you and Griffen are riding together.” She glanced around for Griffen, but he was not in sight.
“Take it,” I said, plucking my radio from its harness and handing it to her. “Griffen’s just on the other side of this fence, and I have my cell phone. Go on!” I added when her denim eyes narrowed.
“All we need is for something else to happen to you,” she teased. “I don’t want Griffen breathing down my neck, at least not for that reason!”
I glared at her. “And what am I supposed to think about that remark from none other than you, my best friend? I’m supposed to just let you get away with that?” 
“Ah, well, no harm in looking,” she grinned and cantered back to Ben before I could pop her with my hunting whip.
Everyone was surprised that I had at last admitted that there was something between Griffen and me, especially Addy. I was lucky to have her as a friend. And Ben, too. He’d finally gotten over hating Griffen and had invited him to stay with him this weekend in Oxford. Male bonding, I guess. After they beat up two men together last week that had threatened the hunt, or more specifically, me. Boys can be so primitive.
Griffen and I met foxhunting when I was a senior in high school, but he never paid me much attention until one day he appeared at a hunt in all his glory and said he was crazy about me. In almost the same breath, he told me that his father had killed his mother…on purpose…in a drunken rage. Combined with his mood swings, he was someone with whom I chose to proceed cautiously…my head did, that is. My heart was hopelessly lost the first time I saw him.
My friends had no idea about his background, but they noticed his mood swings. My parents knew but were leaving the decision to me…more confident in my strict, Southern moral upbringing than I was. Now that I was in college, they acted more like coaches than parents. Part of me wished to be told what to do, but they refused. And my parents liked him…a lot. Mother was glad I had finally shown interest in something other than my horse. She had previously lost hope and conceded she would have to rely on my sisters for grandchildren.
Addy and Harley disappeared down the trail where the hounds had gone to get back to William. Viva pranced wanting to go with her or do something, but I held her in place…waiting for Griffen and Jet.
It had been a week since the foxhunt near Clarksdale, Mississippi, for the New Year’s weekend. I was now in our home country outside of Memphis, and Griffen had driven from Nashville again to foxhunt with us, or rather, me. He had grown up with this hunt but had recently volunteered as staff, or a whipper-in, for one of the Nashville hunts, the Cantata Hounds. While at Vanderbilt, he had hunted with several hunts in that area, but for the last two years had been serving as a whipper-in for the Cantata Hounds. 
We had a hard time concentrating on anything except each other when we were together, but still wanted to foxhunt. So Griffen had told his hunt in Nashville that he would be spending the rest of the season in Memphis, and William welcomed him back as staff with open arms. The thought made me smile.
The main purpose of the whippers-in is to protect the hounds and ensure their safety, and that is what we had just done – protected them from getting out onto a busy interstate. We are also to report to the huntsman anything we see of relevance to him, or her in some cases. Usually, that meant telling the huntsman what the game was doing and which hounds were leading the pack. We communicate with radios as little as possible, but they are critical when hunting the ever present and very fast coyotes that frequented this spot, or fixture.
This morning, there were about thirty riders out, with eight serving as staff. After the holidays, most everyone was ready to get back to the Saturday foxhunting routine. We were no exception.
Griffen had radioed in to William, the huntsman, and one of our hunt’s Masters, that the hounds were heading back to him. Even though I had never been this far south in this part of our hunt country, this general area was my favorite side to cover when I whipped-in, and my favorite place to jump my lovely horse. She floated over the coops as if lifting me on angel’s wings. I felt safe riding her no matter how high the jumps or how fast the chase.
Griffen and Jet popped back over the four-foot wire fence like it was a two-foot log. Boy, are they splendid. I always get goose bumps just looking at them…especially when they are looking at us. 
“How do you do that?” I asked, admiration unmistakable in my voice.
“Forget about the wire and jump the posts,” he said. “Nothing to it.”
“Right,” I said riding towards them. Those posts were well over four feet high. There was most certainly something to it, but I let it go. I stopped at a “safe” distance from them…close enough to speak in low tones, but too far for any physical contact.
“Addy said Ben needs my radio. His died,” I said. “So here we are.”
“Marvelous,” Griffen said and flashed his glorious smile. “Any excuse to keep you closer to me is just fine. That is, if you can keep up.”
I shivered but pretended to ignore the compliment and jab at my riding prowess and looked across the field, feigning interest in whatever game I might see. After all, we did have a job. With any encouragement, Griffen would move closer and that wouldn’t do – not now. Being near him on a horse shot my heart into overdrive, and I needed to stay focused…for now.
“We had you on the speed part,” I said.
“Hardly. You had a head start.”
“I don’t think so! You just can’t admit that I have the faster horse.”
“You wimped at the fence. Useless girl whipper-in. No wonder William needs someone to ride with you.”
“Did you see anything come out on this side?” I asked, changing the subject, for he was partly right, and I hated to admit it...although no one else in this hunt would have dared jump wire like that dead on I was sure. “Surely you were focusing on the pack.”
“Not anything in front of those puppies, but you may have clouded my vision – since you were in the way.”
“Not in the way, just in front of you. Faster horse, remember?”
“So what did you see while you were being left?”
“Nothing. I just heard them coming our way and started moving when they turned south.”
He smiled at me, and I shuddered again. “Before we took off, I did see four deer going in another direction, two raccoons, and a rabbit. Oh, and two red-tailed hawks. At least one of us was paying attention.”
“Busy day,” I said with a smile, then abruptly looked back to the woods when a hound spoke. “I think that’s Rufus.”
The other hounds opened, and William’s excited voice cracked on Griffen’s radio.
“Elliott, they’re coming back your way,” William said. “If you can keep Griffen from watching you, I’d appreciate a report.”
“She’s lost her radio again,” Griffen said with way too much enjoyment, “but I’m of course keeping an eye on her. You may or may not get a full report on the pack.”
How embarrassing. Endless abuse for couples in the hunt field. And it was now all too obvious that we were exactly that.
“Give me that radio!” I snapped. But Griffen used my lunge for his radio as an excuse to grab my hand and pull me over to him for a kiss, nearly unseating me from Viva.
“Now who’s being the problem?” he grinned. “You’re shamelessly attacking me in the hunt field in broad daylight. Where are your manners?” 
I smacked him playfully with my hunting whip and turned Viva toward the woods where the hounds were working. “We had better watch that covert, or we’ll catch more abuse,” I said, referring to the woods where the hounds were hunting.
“Bring it on,” he said. “They’re just jealous.”
“You’re going to get me fired,” I said even though we were all volunteers.
“Not likely.”
Sounder’s and Spice’s cries joined Rufus’s baritone voice. They were getting closer, and Griffen and I crept to the edge of the covert to hide behind some trees. From this point, we could see anything that either ran out into the field or along the edges.
Viva’s heart pounded beneath my knees and mine, too, raced. Hounds were together as a pack or “all on” and coming very hard right at us. Their lovely chorus filled the woods and echoed through my soul. Seconds passed seeming like minutes, and we stared with our peripheral vision watching for movement. So many times, game is harder to see when looking intently at a specific spot. Over the years I had learned to take in the whole landscape watching more for movement than forms. 
A flash of something…there it was – no, there they were – first a gray-brown streak, then a jet black spot – black standing out like an exclamation point in the gray landscape. Two heartbeats later, Rufus was behind them, then Sounder and Spice. By that time, we were galloping parallel to the pack, keeping up with the coyotes and encouraging them to remain on their current, safe, course.
Griffen and Jet galloped alongside us, Griffen reporting the two coyotes and the pack’s order after them. We were moving blindingly fast and relished the exhilaration, speed, freedom, and elation from these moments. Coyotes were running together – glorious!
Suddenly, things changed, and the black coyote stopped, turned toward the pack, and darted straight for us. Griffen was on it first and tried to send it back to the other one. With a yell and crack of his whip, Griffen startled the coyote into returning to its original course, for now. At this speed, another split pack would be difficult to remedy, so we had to do all we could to keep them together.
The coyotes turned east, but we had to go north to jump out of the pasture. We spurred our horses to gallop as fast as they could to the coop, slowed ever so slightly for balance, and shot over, Griffen ahead acting as my pilot. I love it when he does things like that. Even better than opening doors for me. Such the gentleman.
We flew across the pasture, and the coyotes had remained true to their path…or so it seemed. The gray-brown one appeared, and we waited…one second…two…hounds singing, still moving east – not as far north as we had traveled – nothing behind him. We galloped over to his line, or the place where he came out of the woods, and waited, no hounds on him – all must be on the black. Griffen reported to William, and we dashed north of the pack, still going east.
One more coop, and we were out on a gravel road – flying floating – some shacks appeared – people on the porch – I smiled and waved to them as we sped by – they gaped at us and cheered us on – little yappy dogs barking in indignation as we blew past – hooves clattering on the gravel. I stayed well behind and to one side of Griffen, avoiding the many rocks that fired like bullets from Jet’s hooves. Occasionally one would spark – I never tired of noticing things like that at a gallop. Wonder if a galloping horse ever set a pasture on fire?
We heard the hounds but paused to listen and get a bearing on their course. Too much radio chatter…Lydia was snapping at Stephen, typical Lydia, and Susan said they were approaching her. Griffen and I were way north of the action, so we remained in place. We were in a good position should the hounds turn but were of no use at this point until they did.
His interpretation of the situation was like mine, so of course, he rode over to Viva and me to take advantage of some rare alone time. Steam rose from Jet’s heaving sides, and his black coat shimmered with sweat. Jet impatiently turned his head toward the hounds’ distant cries, but Griffen gently urged him toward us. 
“I love doing that with you, Elliott,” he said as they moved in place beside us, “almost as much as I love doing this…” He doffed his cap and leaned in to kiss me ever so softly on the lips. 
I was always glad to be sitting when he did that. My body went limp – I never knew if he was going to grab me and yank me over to him with a jolt or surprise me with a soft one. Either way was fine, but I could never tell. He kept me off balance…all the time.
Viva pranced, and he leaned in for another gentle kiss and sat back on Jet, assessing the damage. His green eyes glowed with mischief as he smugly watched my expression clear.
“Like that?” he asked, his voice a low growl.
“A little,” I said, my voice catching. I cleared it to recover some composure. “I hear Rufus again.”
“Oh, that’s great. Perfect timing.”
Jet had already started trotting toward the approaching pack, and we stopped at the next pasture. This time, we were very near the north line of this section of the property and would need to turn the coyote back into the hunt country or stop the pack if they came this far. We watched and listened as they approached. The voices were loud but indistinguishable in the wind. As if on cue, the black coyote sprinted out – not even looking tired – and headed straight north. 
I can never get enough of seeing these magnificent, arrogant, aloof creatures, and my heart skipped a beat. Griffen, too, was transfixed by his appearance but only for a moment.
At that instant, we bolted toward where the coyote was running – we would have only seconds to get to him in time to turn him – if he would allow it. Jet flew past the black missile with his head lowered and ears back as if he would tear the coyote to pieces if he dared to pass. The coyote did not hesitate as he fled north. Griffen and Jet were on him – Viva and I two lengths behind.
The coyote paused just long enough for Jet to overrun and realize his mistake. Viva stretched to cover the gap, but we were too late, and the black coyote passed between us. Rufus and the pack were not far behind, so our full attention was now on them.
“Hold up!” Griffen yelled and cracked his whip. His whip sounded like a gun, and the hounds lifted their heads.
“Hounds hold up!” I said with him and cracked mine too, but with not nearly as much panache. Mine sounded like a pitiful hiss compared to his.
Miraculously, we were able to stop the pack. To ensure they would not continue after the coyote, Griffen had dismounted and snapped couples, or leather leash-like ties, on Rufus and the other lead hounds to make it difficult for them to charge off. Now the main hounds were connected to other hounds in pairs, so they could not leave on their own.
William rode up, delighted to see us with the pack. 
“Well done, you two,” he beamed. “I’m very impressed, Griffen, that you stayed focused.”
“That’s quite enough, William!” I said, feeling the blush rise, and trying to sound more piqued than I was. This was all so embarrassing and not at all helping the situation with Lydia. I didn’t care what Lydia thought, but I disliked tension between anyone with whom I shared this pastime. She had never liked me, even before Griffen came along. In spite of my efforts at making peace, our already tense relationship was teetering tentatively toward disaster. Lydia, the lanky, gorgeous blonde, had never failed in her efforts to snare whatever guy she wanted…until she met Griffen. Griffen had made a point to ignore her for years, and his recent attention toward a plain brunette like me that she never liked in the first place was more than she could handle.
With William present, the hounds were not likely to stray, so Griffen unsnapped the couples, and we roaded, or took them back to the hunt house for the hunt breakfast. My friends, Ashley and Leslie, had come today and had already laid out the food. Although Ashley rarely hunted, and Leslie never rode, they loved to be around for the Saturday parties…and to check out any new guys. 
Ashley was on the prowl again, and I was certain she would find a target this afternoon with so many riders present. I had not noticed anything except Griffen, so she’ll be on her own with that. Leslie was just along for the ride. She had no serious boyfriend but was not at all as concerned with that as Ashley. She just went with the flow. Ashley always had a plan.
“Elliott, take Jet, please,” Griffen said, snapping me out of my musings. “I’ll take care of the hound chores if you’ll fix me a plate.”
The hunt members always brought an impressive spread of potluck items for the breakfast. A few loyal souls often took it upon themselves to prepare quite a repast. Most of the time, however, staff like Griffen and me got shorted on the best dishes, for we had to spend extra time caring not only for our horses, but also the hounds.
I took Jet’s reins from Griffen and led him over to the trailer. When Viva and I reached our spot, I dismounted and slipped Viva’s halter over her bridle and flipped Jet’s reins back over his neck. While I got Viva organized, Jet walked to his place and waited for me to bring him his apple. Jet was ridiculously smart and usually told me what he wanted. 
Before securing Jet to the trailer, I let Panzer, Griffen’s grizzly-sized Chesapeake Bay Retriever, out of the trailer’s tack room, grabbed the apples, and put the horses’ hay nets within their reach. Panzer was glad to be free but way too dignified to bound around in glee. He yawned and stretched and gently “held” my hand in his mouth in appreciation.
“You smell so fine,” Griffen said into my neck, and I almost kicked him in surprise.
“How do you do that?!” I snapped but leaned back into his arms after restarting my heart. Why bother? He’s just going to stop it again.
He chuckled and spun me around to face him. “All the hounds were in and the others had everything else under control. Let’s make this quick, shall we?” he said and pulled me toward the clubhouse where everyone was gathered. My heart did a little flutter at his double meaning – exactly what did he want to make quick? Unfortunately, his intentions were grabbing a quick lunch and not, well, some alone time. “I have plans for us this afternoon that don’t involve thirty people.”
“Well, and what if I have plans?” I said to stall him, not ready to go to the clubhouse to chatter with the masses and stood my ground. We were, after all, hidden behind his trailer for the moment in a little cove of privacy. I wanted a kiss right here – now, not later. Who knows how long I’d have to wait once he started eating, and I’m sure everyone would want to talk about the day, and…
“Cancel them,” he said in his distinctive growl, turned back to me, and leaned in closer, eyes sparkling. 
Ha! That stopped him. Oh my goodness, those eyes.
“And if I don’t want to?” I pouted and looked up at him under my eyelashes and blinked. Surely that will do it.
“You will,” he said and kissed my neck. 
Even better. My whole body shuddered. “You’re right,” I said and smiled to myself. Worked him like a charm…for once…
“I want to take you shooting this afternoon,” he said as he loaded Panzer back into his box. “We can leave the horses here in the paddock. The sporting clays range is twenty minutes away. What do you say?” 
“Sure,” I said, not having any idea what else to say. 
“It won’t take long,” he said, reading my indecision. “And I think you’ll like it. I brought you a gun if you want to shoot.”
“Me? Shoot?” I asked, stunned. “I really don’t think I’m ready to kill anything, Griffen. Even if we eat it.”
“We’re not killing anything, just clay targets – it’s fun. You’ll see,” he said.
“I don’t have a change of clothes.”
“You look fine,” he said. “I promise it will not matter. You brought your Barbour, and you can wear that instead of your red coat.”
I never got used to being given wardrobe advice, but he’d not steered me wrong yet. We passed through the clubhouse gathering food we could transport and saying our polite “goodbyes.” Addy had returned my radio to William, and she tried to corral me into a double date with her and Ben that evening. I agreed to lunch after church the next day, but begged off on evening accompaniment. These couples that were together all the time had it made. Griffen and I lived nearly four hours apart, so we treasured our solitude.
As I was leaving, I caught Lydia’s eye, and she glared. Somehow, I thought that was funny and laughed as I hugged Leslie goodbye. Over Leslie’s shoulder I saw Ashley being cornered by a distinguished-looking guy, or maybe even a man. I’ll get the details on that adventure later. I waved at her, and she winked.
Griffen had already unhooked the trailer, untacked both horses, and turned them out into the paddock. They rolled with pleasure, feet flying up and bodies flailing around on the ground. Each stood and shook with delight, and they pranced around to inspect their spot. They nibbled the hay Griffen put out for them and grazed nose-to-nose as content in each other’s company as we were.
“You ready for this?” he asked, smiling down at me as he helped me into his truck.
“As long as I’m with you,” I said and beamed at him, truly happy to be escaping the crowd.
“You are too good to be true,” he said and touched my cheek lightly with his finger.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

About the Author



Allison Crews lives with her husband, two boys, and an endless supply of horses, retrievers, cats, and numerous other animals on a farm in central Mississippi. She graduated from the University of Mississippi with a master’s degree in business administration and an undergraduate degree in English.

